user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,514900,34367635,Posted: 20 August,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 8.7 / 10Quality9/10Excellent low-budget indie gamePerformance10/10Flawless performance, no crashes, steady 60fps in 1080pUtility8/10A few minor bugs, auto-save only; No Linux/Mac supported yetControls9/10Good, crouching feels a bit clunky; Partial controller supportGameplay8.5/10First person adventure with limited interactivityChallenge7/10Collectables, some simple puzzles and a few stealth sectionsContent9/10~10h+; Overall super atmospheric, but the ending felt rushedDiversity8/10Interrogation of civilians, exploration & mind-bending tripsImmersion10/10Dystopian Sci-Fi with a charming anti-hero; Superb voice oversDesign8.4/10Gorgeous overall, some cheap tries to be disturbing tho'Visuals9/10Astoundingly good; Excessive use of flickering & screen shakingSound9/10Hollywood voice actor; Nice score; Overuse of bass without BGMTexts8/10Well written story, dialogs & documents; Suboptimal localizationMapping8/10Weird, big appartment complex, but scripts hinder free roamingInterface8/10Almost HUD-less, nice! Dispensable launcher, unhandy mission log👻Best played at night with the lights turned off!Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitIntel® Core™ i7-7700K, 4 x 4.2 GHzNvidia MSI GTX 1080 (8GB DDR5)16GB DDR4 RAM; Samsung SSD (9.16 GB)Settings:Low,Normal, HighIf you liked this review check out mycurator pageorarchiveand see how other games scored!"
,Recommended,514900,34363601,Posted: 19 August,all,Basement Guy,"If you enjoy Bladerunner and other cyberpunk movies/games alike, this is the game for you.Pros:- Amazing voiceacting (Rutger Hauer being in this is beyond cool)- Great atmosphere- Intriguing story- Very unique- Incredible original soundtrack- Fantastic VisualsCons:- Confusing at times- Could be boring if you don't enjoy heavy narrative- No combat could be a con for many people, didn't really affect the game for meThis isn't my type of game at all, but I enjoyed my entire playthrough :)Hope this review was helpful :D"
,Recommended,514900,34269087,Posted: 15 August,all,P-harah ネコ(ΦωΦ)ノ,"I'll say right off the bat that this game has insane atmosphere and detalization. From what I can tell, the horror of this game is not about the jumpscares. It's about psychology. This game tells you the story about people's scars through masterful surrealistic visuals and amazing dialogues which brought to my mind some famous movie directors known for their artistic vision that is quite uneasy for the general public. Not to mention that you're playing as a Rutger Hauer himself, which is pretty symbolic for me as a Blade Runner fan who enjoyed his performance as Roy Batty. Sounds and music of this game match the overwhelming tone of a dystopian world just wonderfully. But if you're not a fan of slow paced games, observer might not be for you."
76561198021551803,Recommended,514900,35307531,Posted: 29 September,all,Sir Faulty,"Bite-sized reviewMind mattersReview in 30 secondsThere is no denying that visually and audibly"">Observer_""is a tour de force. Incredibly stylized, with some of the prettiest and most striking graphics you will see all year, not to mention one hell of a harrowing soundscape, playing"">Observer_""often feels at times like one is being violently assaulted in a dark alley by a dangerous entity."">Observer_""starts out as a cyberpunk thriller set in an futuristic apartment block where a detective, Daniel Lazarski (Rutger Hauer), is summoned by his own son - who it appears is in some kind of mortal danger -  but gradually becomes bone-chillingly morepatricidalthe further into its labyrinth of broken memories you venture where past, present and future collide in such a way that it would make M. Night Shyamalan turn green with envy. While not perfect (it takes a bit too long to get going and therefore might lose some of its audience) but once the game kicks in proper you had better make sure you are strapped in tight. Absolutely hair-raising stuff and next to""Resident Evil 7""one of 2017's crowning chillers.One word to sum up the experienceMind-bendingPerformance/Bug related incidentsSome slight FPS dips but for the majority"">Observer_""runs really well.Similar to games""Resident Evil 7"";""Layers of Fear"";""SOMA"""";""Narcosis""Suitable forSuitable for teens and up and those with a strong stomaches. At times"">Observer_""gets all""Alien: Isolation""-likescary.Position in my games of 2017 cleared list7th favorite.Ratinghttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=869453048"
,Recommended,514900,34263108,Posted: 15 August,all,NeverwinterMoon,"Everything about this game, starting with the voice acting and ending with the amount of visual detail, is mind-blowingly good. I literally set on the edge of my seat during the first mind hacking sequence. At the end of the same scene, I found myself thinking - why is not every game so captivating..."
76561198102008250,Recommended,514900,34301246,Posted: 16 August,all,cuba.sz,"TL;DR: This game is amazing! A must for any sci-fi / horror fan. Strong 9/10.Pros:+ Graphics - really great achievement. One of the most visually interesting games I've ever seen.+ Atmosphere - music, visuals, plot - all combines for really thick cyberpunk climate.+ Great Rutger Hauer as main character!+ Bloober is getting better and better at scaring people. It's way better than already great LoF. No simple jump scares, you never know what next in this game - especially in interrogations part.+ Captivating, multi layered story.+ Interesting world.+ Music+ Gameplay is way improved over LoF - added bio, electromagnetic scanners to help investigate etc.+ Well optimised and polished - I haven't spotted any bugs so far. It's not like some other developers that release a game and then tons of patches to make it actually work...Cons:- Still the gameplay is somewhat simplified. You could use some gun from time to time..Bloober is becoming a rock star developer. Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198048974498,Recommended,514900,35218455,Posted: 26 September,all,rjmacready,"""I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate. All those moments will be lost, in time, like tears in rain. Time...to die.""Okay, so that's not actually a quote from this game, but the guy who delivered possibly the most powerful monologue in the history of cinema - none other than Rutger mother-♥♥♥♥ing Hauer himself - is back, in the role of a psychic police officer named Dan Lazarski. So okay, he's not necessarily in top voice-acting form here, but he's still pretty good (and he's still Rutger mother-♥♥♥♥ing Hauer, so stick that in your cyber-pipe and smoke it). And okay, this game isn't quite the Blade Runner of video games, but it's pretty darned excellent just the same.Do you like games with story? Oh, you don't. Well, off you go then, 'cause Observer is ALL ABOUT story. Sure, there's a reasonable amount of gameplay as well, but when all is said and done, it's a ""walking simulator"" with the occasional stealth-horror sequence and an unusually high level of interaction. That's INTERaction...not action-action. There's very, very little of that. So again, if that doesn't sound like your cup of tea...bugger off and find another Store page to haunt. This one doesn't need any more of your complaints about ""this was pretty linear, and there wasn't that much to do"". Almost every video game made up until a few years ago should cater quite nicely to your needs, as well as a good majority of games being released right now. Kindly leave those of us who like a bit of variety in our gaming diets in peace for once, eh?Are they gone? Good.So for those who are left, what does this game remind me of? Well, it's no surprise that this product comes from the good devs who brought us Layers of Fear, a fact which especially shows during the game's exceptionally nightmarish and often ingeniously clever ""Dream Eater"" sequences. Anyone impressed with Get Even should also find much to love here, provided your enjoyment of that game wasn't highly dependent upon its infrequent gun-play. The exploration and investigation elements are quite similar, however, as is the overall tone. SOMA also comes to mind, as does almost every other game influenced by ""cyberpunk"" culture. I also suspect some of the devs have seen a David Cronenberg movie or two in their time.My only real quibble with this game? It takes a while to get going. I'll admit that I was only mildly gripped around the two-hour mark, but by four hours in I was praising the cyber-Gods for its very existence. I won't spoil much more of it for you, other than to say: expect mind-♥♥♥♥ing aplenty. This game is an EXPERIENCE, in the best possible way.Modern games are certainly giving modern films a run for their money in the ""relevance"" stakes, and I'll be mightily impressed if the new Blade Runner movie is as good a film as this is a game. Is it perfect? No. Is it sorta-kinda absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING, irrespective?! I'd say so, yes. But as always, each to their own.Bloober Team, consider me a fan. Between you, Frictional, and Red Barrels, the horror and sci-fi genres are alive and well again. Feel free to drop back any time, preferably sooner than later.Verdict: 9.5/10."
,Recommended,514900,34272835,Posted: 16 August,all,Ijihara,"tldr - Its definitely good, and its definitely scary. Not the best ever but w/e, its worth the sticker price, esp if you already have layers of fear.+ It improves over Layers of Fear in just about every way I wanted, especially with creative new ways to scare you(rather than just ""Oh its my dead wife again, hi dead wife"")and making the game feel more like... a game.+The extra 6 gigs of content shows. This game looks ♥♥♥♥ing awesome on max settings. And the way the world transforms around you is even more shocking than layers of fear.- The intro is really flat and phoned in. Honestly it almost turned me off completely from the game. I thought &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥ I just wasted my money"" when I saw it.- The story is definitely derivative of better things such as Soma. Thats not to say the story isnt entertaining, it just makes it hard for me to fully immerse myself in what is essentially a very well made, and creatively designed game. That also isnt to say Layers of Fear's story hadnt been done before, but it was the first I'd heard of it being done with a game and certainly being done so chillingly well. So the story is just... ""good for a horror game"", I guess? Good voice actors and good writing, I'm just not as interested in the story as I wanted to be."
09282908739273492,Not Recommended,514900,34492528,Posted: 25 August,all,Daniel,"The beginning & mid section of this game are really good, it gives you a reasonable sense of control, has an incredibly interesting visual style, nice pacing and offers a lot of cool sci-fi concepts.Eventually all the bad traits that were semi-present are amplified and in the second half of the game you're looking at walking through confusing migraine inducing corridors over and over again with no real choice at all, monsters you gotta hide from with mindnumbing same-ish visuals and downright confusing plotpoints. It's a real shame, because there was potential to have a more grounded and interesting experience which it really showed in the first half of the game, but it degraded into a muddled mess.Early on - mid through the game you get the feeling this is going to be an incredible experience, but are eventually let down by a linear (less than lineair actually because there's no real choice to speak of for the second half of the game) incredibly confusing corridor walking experience.You're being led on by all this potential which really gives you the feeling you're in for quite a ride, and then it's just a dud.  I've never been so let down by a game in my life.Advice:If you do intend on buying this, which in case it has a 30% off sale you should, I highly recommend to stop playing after the ""layers of fear"" room, the game gets considerably worse and muddled after that and is the exact point it becomes a total ""on rails"" experience."
76561198117069762,Recommended,514900,34820417,Posted: 8 September,all,Cpt. Loc,"A good game, although not excellent. Spoiler-free.Pros:- Very nice soundtrack, which sets the right mood to the game and contributes to shape the fictional world;- Very detailed world, almost gives the impression of being really alive;- Nice lore behind the events, involving WW3, prostetic and cibernetic augmentation, self seclusion from reality and drug addiction-related issues, many other dystopic themes that weren't deeply analised, although adequate to shape the fictional world;- Many hidden secrets and cameos, too;- An overall good ending (/endings), with a percievable climax towards the end.Cons:- Badly optimised, in certain areas I got consecutive series of fps spikes (same as Layers of Fear);- Camera movement while crouched is incredibly weird;- 3D sound localization is good, but Dan walking is broken IMO, it often gives the impression of being backtracked by someone;- Found a bug during a precise neural interrogation which caused me to indefinitely fall under the floor;- Some textures are incredibly low-res, but they are rare (example: moon and lightning);- Game has hidden save points and doesn't allow the player to manually save, causing one to be forced to proceed into the game hoping to find one; these are more frequent than in Layers of Fear, fortunately;- Rutger Hauer's performance is decent but nowhere near memorable, to some extent I liked the weariness in his voice, even though it is quite flat on the overall;Would I recommend this game to a friend? Well, yes, it's a good game, but don't expect anything extraordinary. It's good as a horror game and has a precise storyline. Also, the price is fair for the experience it delivers and the dedication the devs put into their work. In the end, I think it deservers an 85/100, which is more or less what the Steam community thinks, too."
76561198131672271,Recommended,514900,34269080,Posted: 15 August,all,Koyuki Himekawa,"Great genre it has Mystery, Suspense and Horror its Sherlock Holmes cyberpunk style. The voice acting is surperb puts you on the edge of the seat. I like how everyone in that building is a psychopath staying in their homes cooped up they are consider shut-in. The only way these people are getting out if the cleaners come to their apartment an clean them out. I like going door to door to have a conversation with these people the conversation lines of this game is funny its very interesting too...^_^ Some of the characters have it hard becuase of choosing to live with augmented implants have consequences they have to face. An others are just plain crazy junkies.I recommend this game it will put you on the edge of the seat. Buy it now! people....^_^"
76561198040074492,Recommended,514900,34360716,Posted: 19 August,all,PritheeCareful,"A TL;DRCategoriesRankingShort summaryValue$25It's worth it's retail price of $20, and I would gladly cash out $25Gameplay7.0It's slightly generic. you walk a lot, look around, and press buttonsStory10.0Best interactive story I've ever playedInteraction9.0Amazing interaction with surroundings, but loses points for it's repetetive natureVisuals9.5Amazing visuals, but loses 0.5 point for making certain scenes sickening with flashing lights and strobesWorld Design10.0This is what Bloober Team knows, and it's their most outstanding work yetAll in all9.1So far my personal Game Of The YearAn Observer ReviewSo, I'm sitting here 30 minutes after i finished my first playthrough, with a cup of tea to make the process of understanding this game easier. This was just ... Wow. Games like these are abnormally rare, they come once per per 2-3 years, and they come in singular form, perhaps a sequel will emerge after a year or two. And it's just as exhilarating every time. Last time it was SOMA for me.Anyways; This is a game you cherish for unhooking your leash, you need to puzzle the story out for yourself, deciphering every thread and clue on your own. You're not given hints by the game. The inner monologue--that belongs to the main character--doesn't say what is going on unless it's so abstract you couldn't possibly arrive to the conclusion yourself.I'm not going to expain the way the game's story is set up, It would rip away your lust to explore, and see for yourself what happens when you do. Explaining a game like this is difficult, but in short; trying my best not to spoil, but give insight; it's like a tree. You have the stem (main story), and little branches (""sidequests"") that you can explore or ignore, or miss entirely. Understanding your surroundings is key to this game, and it does it so that you want to look around, check every knick and cranny, and last but not least:It makes you interested in understanding the story.The visuals are outstanding, you get drawn into the world immediately, and makes you go; ""WOW, this looks fantastic"" the very second you start out. Neon lights, cyberpunk looks, androbotic implants that could potentially be your demiseMakes for a very compelling universe, and it alljust works.From time to time the flashing scenes, and sickening epilepsy lights, just becomes overwhelming and more annoying than impressive.The world design is the singular most thrilling world I've ever set foot within; The area you play the game out in is relatively small, but feels absolutelymassive.Amazing work.All in all, this is a game worth picking up, more than worth it's price, and an experience I'll cherish for the rest of my gaming days. Well done."
,Recommended,514900,34272700,Posted: 16 August,all,Mancomb Seepgood,"Fantastic game, perfect blend of horror, neo-noir and cyberpunk."
76561198135955496,Recommended,514900,34296884,Posted: 16 August,all,Jiggaman2000,"Disclaimer:If you're looking for an experience akin Layer of Fear (in other words Horror driven) you might be dissapointed with Observer. Observer is it's own thing, while there are horror elements, I would call it more of a psychological thriller. Also, please do some research before playing and giving it a bad review because it's simply not what you expected...Synopsis:In the game you play as Daniel Lazarski, a futuristic detective with an ability to plug into subject's minds for neural interrogation, aka an Observer. You're on a trail to find out what happened to a person after they briefly restablish contact.Graphics:The game is simply beautiful with max settings, definately one of the best looking games of the year. Each location feels as if meticulously hand-crafted and exploring the settlement is in itself a joy (which is a good thing since this is an exploration driven experience).As previously mentioned, this is a different experience from Layer of Fear, though you are getting the same kind of high production value as LoF.Sound:Audio is also great, it always added to the mood and never felt out of place. It essentially enhanced the cyberpunk visuals presented.Gameplay:The gameplay is around 7-8 hours. To some that might be short, but they again you're getting decent mileage for what feels like a AAA title for only $30. The game also features side-quests for those who like to explore and I did encounter something Bloober Team threw in as a homage to PT.Alot of the game relies on exploration. The handy ""PDA"" device serves to keep track of your current cases so you can always follow the beaten path. In few cases you're going to be analyzing crime scenes and solving puzzles. The spooky/horror elements come from traversing memories during the neural interrogations.Overall, if you like taking your time and exploring a cyberpunk/dystopian settings, you`ll most likely love what you see in Observer.Notables:If you're willing to forgo the fact that at present 21:9 aspect is not supported (though devs are currently working on it) and that there's no FoV slider in the menus (can be modified in the config file as far as I'm aware), you're essentially in for a treat.Also, I did encounter a bug where I fell through the floor, though the save point was a minute away so no major progress was lost.Conclusion:Is Observer a perfect game? Actually, far from it, though its definately one of the best ones of the year. It's certainly better than the 99% of crap being put on Steam everyday. If you like exploration, sci-fi / cyberpunk settings, and a good story, you owe it to yourself to pickup a copy. You won't be dissapointed.Final Thoughts:Please do take some of the negative reviews with a grain of salt. Alot of the negativity seems to stem from the aspect ration being no supported. Please look past the rage reviews and analyze the game as a whole."
,Recommended,514900,34265532,Posted: 15 August,all,Coolmaster (NL),"My first impression: Good story, great visuals and sound, creepy atmosphere...I like the exploring part and discovering items with your special abilities and the choices you have when talking to people. Gameplay is perfect, player friendly consoles and you can change it anyway you want. The game also gets really under your skin, especially when your logging into someones mind and relive its memories. Too bad tough you cant save the game whenever you want since it goes automatically.Anyway, dutch actor Rutger Hauer takes the main role in this game(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rutger_Hauer), a great asset to the game if you ask me. His voice really fits well to the character your playing with and its certainly a good value to the game overall. Thumps up for him and this game!"
,Recommended,514900,34322522,Posted: 18 August,all,SLIPr,"Short and sweet TLDR version of this review:Amazing horror game, good mix of jump scares and ambience, characters and plot that makes you think and become invested in the story, outstanding visuals and graphics, and by far one of the greatest soundtracks I've heard in a video game. Only complaint is that it is repetitive at some points, but it makes up for it elsewhere.Final Verdict: 9.5/10IN DEPTH REVIEW:HORROR:After playing the first 5 min of this game, I already felt like I was in the world they created, which is something akin to Blade Runner. The futuristic dystopia and bleak tone is captured perfectly, and the mixing of actual camera footage with in game animation is superb. The scares in this game come from more than just cheap jump scares (mind you, there are some, but they are never overused). The setting, lighting, music, and visuals do most of the work when capturing the feeling of dread, uneasiness, and horror, which I appreciate and is rare in horror games these days.Having played Layers of Fear as well, I would like to say that these games are very different, so do not come into it expecting to get Layers 2.0. I liked this game better than Layers because of it's story, which I will get into next.STORY:The story in this game is fantastic and unique. (NO SPOILERS) You start off knowing nothing, and gradually being piecing it all together, and the game delivers a ""twist"" that not only catches you off guard, but also sheds new light on previous plot points within the game. The story makes you think, so if you are lazy and just want a simple story, I would not recommend this game. But, if you enjoy stories that make you sit in silence for 20 minutes after the game is finished while you try and piece together what just happened, then get ready, cause man is it a ride.(SIDE NOTE: The voice actors are superb, especially the main character.)GAMEPLAY:The game starts out with a seizure warning for good reason. The game is full of graphical changes and lights that set the mood while also making the player disoriented. I found this intriguing, but to some I could see it being annoying. The game controls fine, and the AI is decent. Some parts the gameplay can be repetitive, but they do a good job of spreading out the repetitive parts so you do not get too frustrated.CONCLUSION:If any of my friends ask me to recommend them some good horror games, this game will be near the top of that list. Having played all Outlasts, Amnesia's, and Resident Evil's, I can say for certain that this game has the right to be stand amongst them as some of the best horror games out there. There is no doubt in my mind that I will come back after a couple months or a year to replay this game, and it will be one of my favorite games for a very long time.GOOD JOB BLOOBER TEAM SA AND ASPYR!!! I'm looking forward to playing the next masterpiece you create."
,Recommended,514900,34340989,Posted: 18 August,all,Vyross,"I went into this hoping for something even a hair as good as SOMA, and while it's definitely an inferior experience in most regards, it's still good.The visuals are on point, both technically and artistically. Great art direction. Unfortunately, you can't turn off the motion blur, so if you're me, you'll be dealing with a slight headache throughout. I also had some performance issues despite having good hardware, but since it's hardly an action game I didn't feel that impacted my experience _too_ negatively.What did disappoint me, though, was the use of the setting. This is not, unlike SOMA, a game about humanity and identity and other grand, existential philosophical questions. This is a much more personal story, which might be more appealing to some people but it felt like a slow letdown to me, amidst a lot of cool worldbuilding and interesting visuals. Not that personal stories can't contain interesting philosophical notes, but this game just didn't really feel like it did, to me. Maybe I missed something.The horror in SOMA wasn't really the monsters, the darkness, or loud noises. It was almost entirely in the setting and narrative, and it used some clever sleight of hand to make you not realize what the horrifying stuff was until it wanted you to. There's a lot of really horrifying stuff in this game, too, but none of it really felt like ""the point"". Part of that is probably because this game takes it's science fiction a lot less seriously; there's a fair amount of meaningless technobabble and little of the amazing futuristic technology OR the societal setup of a dystopian cyberpunk world are really plot relevant. It's all backdrop, and this game's plot feels like a 19th century horror novella painted with a cyberpunk brush.None of which is to say this game is bad. I was just hoping that it would do something clever with the world and it never did. It's basically another super-spoopy walk-and-read game with a dumb monster who's easy to avoid, dream sequences that outstay their welcome, and a few mechanics that barely get used (collecting synchrazine? why?)It feels like a fairly vanilla horror game, in other words. Which would normally get an emphatic NO from me.But it's got a goddamn gorgeous cyberpunk setting. And I am a huge sucker for such things. It's not totally consistent about it's world, the sci-fi is hand-wavy and it never uses it's setting as an advantage. It might as well be magic, for all it matters to the plot.But I'm a sucker for cyberpunk. So I'd recommend you buy it, IF it's on sale.Also stop putting celebrity voice actors in games just to put their name on it. At least this gruff protagonist doesn't sound exactly like Nathan Drake, but it's obvious from that alone that this project had more money than vision.6/10 - Good. Buy if on sale AND you think you'll like it"
,Recommended,514900,34283747,Posted: 16 August,all,CrazyCanuck,"OverviewBloober Team has followed up their hitLayers of Fearwith another hit, this time in the fantastically made, cyberpunk horror adventureObserver.You are Daniel Lazarski, an observer for the Chiron corporation. An observer is one who can jack into people’s implants and experience what happen through them. You get information on your son, Adam, who has gone missing, and you head to an apartment building where he was last heard from. After your arrival, a lockdown suddenly occurs, which locks the entire building down. The vast majority of the game takes place in this apartment building, but rest assured you are not limited to just the apartment in your exploration.As Daniel, you’ll explore various units of this building, interact with people through intercoms, investigate crime scenes, experience hallucinations, collect evidence and find secret information. Aiding you in this, you have two forensic scanners: electrical and organic. Electrical will scan various electronics, such as radios, implants, computers, etc. Organic will scan blood, hair, and various other organic material. You’ll need to use these tools to figure out what happened and to progress the story. It’s pretty obvious when either tool is needed, and also pretty obvious when you no longer need to use them.There’s no traditional health inObserver, but you do have a synchronization meter. Every so often, especially after an observing, you’ll need to use a drug called synchrozine. You can supposedly die from failure to do so, but in my playthrough, I never ran out of synchrozine, and there were plenty to be found throughout the various rooms.The true horror in the game comes from when you jack into the people you find. The sequences that play out as a result of this are fantastic, and really will make you question things.LikeLayers of Fear, there is no combat in the game, and the majority of the game is spent exploring and talking to people. Later on in the game you are introduced to a new concept, but without spoiling anything, suffice it to say that likeLayers of Fear, you’ll have to avoid this entity for a little bit.Observerlooks fantastic. Just like in their previous game, Bloober Team has put a lot of love and details into the world and its environment, especially as you start to lose synchronization and the world starts collapsing in on itself, for lack of a better phrase.As with the visuals, the sound design is also fantastic. Footsteps echo, you’ll hear random noises, and the music will kick in and crescendo at just the right time. My only gripe with the sound is the voice actor of Daniel. I can understand someone like Rutger Hauer being the voice, but it is not a believable performance for the majority of the game. The in-game model looks exactly like him, though, so bonus for that.There are many mechanics that Bloober Team introduced inLayers of Fearthat have carried over; mainly walking down a hallway and turning around to see the room has changed, and the opening/closing of drawers and cabinets.I finishedObserverin just under 7.5 hours. It’s quite a good time for the cost, and you’ll get plenty of enjoyment out of it. Once you do beat it, there’s a little bit of replayability. There are one or two achievements that are mutually exclusive, so selecting one option in the game locks the other out. There are collectibles in the form of nanophage cards. I thought I had collected quite a lot, but I wound up getting only 25/69. There is also a mini-game to be found on the various computers, called Fire and Sword: Spiders. It’s not complicated by any means, but there’s an achievement to beat all ten levels, which are spread throughout the game. I’m curious as to how seemingly random computers with no connection to each other somehow saves your progress, but I digress.Overall,Observeris well worth your time and money. It’s an excellently crafted story, filled with great exploration, great visuals, and many intriguing concepts. You’ll need to play it at least twice to unlock everything if you’re an achievement hunter, and it’ll be well worth a second playthrough. Buy it, you won’t be disappointed.ProsExcellent storyGreat visuals and a real sense of being a dystopian futureSound effects and music pull you into the storyGreat story with lots to figure outSlight replayability to see the alternate ending and unlock additional achievementsConsFairly monotonous in the “interrogation” of the apartment tenantsMeh voice acting of the main characterSome scenes drag on a bit too long, which I can’t explain in-depth without spoiling anything(Observer was purchased directly through Steam)"
,Recommended,514900,34658083,Posted: 1 September,all,American Tragedy,"So! I am finally back from my vacation and for the whole trip I was thinking about this game which I was forced to drop on somewhere around 80%. Even having a brand new Nintendo Switch and enjoying amazing Zelda game couldn't stop me from thinking about this title, I was so hyped to know how this story ended. So the fist thing I jumped into after coming back to my place was Observer.Ok, so where should I start from. From the most important thing - this game is definitely not for everyone. It's for a cyberpunk lovers. It's for the players who miss Blade Runner. It's for the players who enjoyed Layers of Fear hella lot and want some more (but here I must say, that this game is completely different and has nothing to do with Layers of Fear style,story,etc., consider this game more like a detective game) It's for someone who knows who is Rutger Hauer and understands how cool it is, that you are playing, literally as him.From my personal experience, I must say, that the game starts kinda slowly, then it becomes more and more intense closer to the midgame and closer to the end you will begin to feel a bit ""on rail"", but for me it didn't spoil the whole experience of the game. I don't have anything against games like this, they fit good for me after long stressful day so I was pretty much happy with an ending.So, to make a long story short. Yo should pick this game if you like:+ Horror style+ Cyber Punk+ Blade Runner+ Atmospheric Games+ Amazing visual style games+ Rutger Hauer (!!!!!)+ Detective feelDon't grab it if you:- Don't accept violence- Expect some action game- Don't like slow games with long dialogues and lot of walking- Looking for a GOTY 2017Enjoy!"
76561198036255381,Recommended,514900,34772435,Posted: 6 September,all,BAD NEWS EVERYONE!,"Excellent cyberpunk-horror atmosphere - as effective as Bioshock's decopunk ambience but far more claustrophobic.Bloober hit the jackpot by hiring Rutger Hauer of Blade Runner fame to voice the protagonist- who better to lend credence to a cyberpunk's authenticity? His restrained, almost mumbled approach may seem questionable but I think it fits the grit of a dusty detective.The detective sequences are conceptually a no brainer inclusion, contributing to the gritty neonoir pastiche, but they are a tad simple - a double-edged sword that keeps the story moving but being bereft of any 'aha' moments.However, this detective is not of the garden variety, but rather the eponymous Observer whose uniquely cyberpunk conceit is the ability to interrogates witnesses by ‘jacking’ into their minds. This is where most of the horror aspect occurs, in a number of Inception/Cell-like sequences of psychedelic extravaganza, you try to gather information while navigating the deteriorating mental landscapes of increasingly depraved individuals.The chase sequences however are the only true lowlight; being more frustrating than thrilling, and breaking immersion at their worst.There is very little gameplay other than the aforementioned sequences, so for haters of 'walking simulators' this might not be your cup of tea. but if you don't barf at the genre, then you are in for the one of the best cyberpunk atmospheres i've ever experienced – yes, even including films."
76561198055669094,Recommended,514900,35031969,Posted: 17 September,all,Humpback Kawah,The game's seizure warning is no joke. Prepare yourself
,Recommended,514900,34841854,Posted: 9 September,all,HappyDog,"Throughly enjoyed this game. Just a short review.Pros:1. Atmosphere: Well thought out and detailed world with convincing voice acting makes for an immersive game.2. Bizzare story and exploration around the main quest is encouraged. There are collectibles but they don't add much to gameplay.3. Simple controls and mechanics keep the pace of the game moving; it's always obvious where to go and there is a quest log if you're unsure.4. Just the right length for this type of game; I clocked in around 13 hours with some basic exploration. I'm sure you could complete the game at around 10-12 hours. The conclusion to the plot was satisfying for me; and its take on 1984 was cool and adds a few modern ideas that make such a world even more terrifying.5. Not really a horror game, but more of a psychological horror.6. Graphics/music/audio are all top notch. Good work.7. Small Layers of Fear references were a nice touch.8. Fire and Sword mini-game was fantastic and felt rewarding to figure out puzzles on your own.Cons:1. Monster stealth sections are awful. I think they could be completely removed without even changing the basic idea of the game. There are about 6 of these sections in the game where the protagonist can die; and they add nothing to the experience. Just doesn't fit the mood and theme of the game. Having said that; they are probably more 'gamey' than the adventure/story/exploration components in the rest of the game. *I usually don't enjoy insta-death sections in horror games though, so take that as you will.2. A falling through the floor glitch occured for me about 5 times throughout my time in the game; didn't ruin it for me but it definitely sucked to have to restart stealth sections. I have read that others have experienced this glitch right out of a checkpoint which broke the progression in their game. Hopefully gets patched.Cons aren't enough to take away from the fact this is an amazing game that shouldn't be passed up. I'd recommend the game if you enjoy the adventure/exploration psychological horror genre. 9/10"
,Recommended,514900,34284872,Posted: 16 August,all,Frugl1,"Part Horror Game. Part Walking SimulatorMuch like the previous game by Bloober TeamLayers of Fear, >observer_ provides you with what is essentially a very high quality virtual haunted house.In >observer_ you'll be spending the better part of 6-7 hours piecing together a murder mystery, as you search for your lost son in an apartment complex under lockdown. The majority of this investigation will be taking place inside the minds of various victims that you encounter during the game, and it is in these sections that Bloober Team gets very creative with the visual and audio design in an attempt to scare the pants of you, the player.>observer_, while being very light on traditional gameplay an failur-states, still managed to keep me captivated for the entirety of its runtime, and as such, I feel comfortable recommending it at full retail price. Just dont go into it expecting another Amnesia or Outlast."
76561197970983303,Not Recommended,514900,34356109,Posted: 19 August,all,Y2Krashman,"For decades I have loved Cyberpunk.The thing I love most about Cyberpunk is the cliche high-tech, often acid-rain-soaked asthethic of it. Overcrowded worlds populated by hackers, thugs and fascinating characters.That, suffice to say, is NOT what Observer is. The game tricks this audience, with a bait and switch of an introduction set within a car in the aforementioned neon-lit, acid-rain-soaked streets. And that's where it ends. The game then takes a turn from scifi 80's milieu straight into grotty visual pallette of a grungy 90's music video. A singular ghetto of drab browns, earth tones and strobes that all culminate into the players' migraine inducing hell. The cyberpunk world is one you will never witness as the games sole location is an apartment block with a singular NPC inhabitant. Besides conversations through the doors of this apartment complex, you will not encounter another NPC character. An overcrowded and well-realized cyberpunk world this is not.More House-of-Mirrors than haunted-house, the game does illustrate with intrigue, the psychosis of exploring the memmories of the drug-addicted, the cantakerous and the murderously psychotic. It does this propelling you, the eponymous observer forward with its singular end towards the next wetdive into the cyberpunk gimmick of brain-jacking.The name of the game is walking simulator. You will enter a room, or maze of corridors, and be unable to exit said maze until you click on the right button. Adventure game you say? No. This is click and see what happens.If you're after a walking simulator, with an emotional payoff, may I suggest you jump back a few years and play Firewatch. If it's Cybperunk you're after, may I suggest Deus Ex Human Revolution.This is just dissapointent. What's up with all the gushing reviews of praise? I expected Blade Runner with a nightmarish twist. I got an empty funhouse with a bad strobe light and no migraine pills. (And from a hardcore VR gamer, that's saying something!)Its been a long time since I completed a game and immediately clicked - delete.Avoid."
76561198021570837,Recommended,514900,34319271,Posted: 17 August,all,mrskeltal [1up],"Short and sweet.  Game is pretty intriguing.  Visuals are nice. The ""clue"" finding is fun.  I didn't understand the stimulant system very well, they never explained it.  My only beef with the game was the hide-and-seek moments with enemies.  The ending was meh, not great, not bad.  I'd say get it if you want a short interesting story."
,Recommended,514900,34392343,Posted: 21 August,all,Miserakle,"This is literally if you take 'Blade Runner's atmosphere and make horror. This game disturbs me, surprises and disturbs. Then surprises again and disturbs way more. The others minds are too psychedelic and too scary. But not only minds and not only others.You really don't wanna know what story is behind next door."
76561198050712099,Recommended,514900,34277681,Posted: 16 August,all,reginald.allouchery,"Incredible game.  Essentially a police procedural set in an incredibly detailed cyberpunk world with neural implants, mind jacking, neon drenched future, and all the staples of good cyberpunk.  It's not exactly a walking simulator, more akin to an old school point and click adventure game updated with 3d technology.  It reminds me somewhat of westwood's old blade runner game.  It feel like playing a really good cyberpunk story.  The world building is incredible and very original.  The story is good, the gameplay addictive and the visuals mind blowing.  The sequences where you jack into people's memories is 'mind jacking' done right.  Voice acting is excelent across the board.  There are echoes of blade runner, neuromancer, remember me and countless other touchstones here, but it is very much its own thing.  Highly recommended for anyone who likes intelligent games and wants to loose themselves in an detailed neo noir cyberpunk world.  The puzzles hit the sweet spot between too easy and too difficult."
76561197976578420,Recommended,514900,34669718,Posted: 1 September,all,Rehpotsirc,ObserverIf you're looking for an FPS that isn't just a mindless shooter fest and a fan of movies like Blade Runner and Cyberpunk then I highly recommend checking this out. It's certainly a horror title but is very cerebral and doesn't rely on jump scares but more of how it feels when you take too much acid. Running at about 7 to 8 hours long isn't the most in depth replayable game but is one that you won't soon forget. The puzzles you encounter are somewhat practical doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out.
76561197970665890,Recommended,514900,34323803,Posted: 18 August,all,Jimbob,"One of the best games I've played this year. An amazingly detailed world, this feels like a successful marriage of the developers previous work Layers of Fear and Blade Runner. The sections where you 'hack' into the victims minds are incredible - you really have no idea what you're going to encounter next, but you can be sure it'll be as bizarre as it is creative. Within these sections there are a few segments where you need to evade enemies but these are pretty few and far between and are quite easy to get past. I didn't find the game scary, but it was definitely an assault on my senses and some of the scenes are very gruesome. Rutger Hauer does a fine job as the voice of the main character, all the other voice acting was of a pretty high standard too. The ending is unforgettable and you may well struggle to make a decision, as I did! On the negative side, the playtime is quite short for the price and an FOV slider is sorely needed (I was struggling at first but you get used to the narrow view). That said, I would highly recommend this for horror and sci-fi fans looking for an adult story driven adventure."
76561198320157612,Recommended,514900,34301258,Posted: 16 August,all,ThatOneSquidGuy,"I haven't been this drawn into a game since I played the Original Metro 2033. Observer has an exemplary lifelike feeling to it, which is then contrasted by a perfect execution of surrealism and psychological themes. The detective elements are very well done too. I really feel Bloober have outdone their first title, Layers of Fear with this release.Best Cyberpunk game I've played for sure."
,Recommended,514900,34765286,Posted: 5 September,all,Periapse,"Holy cow, where to begin. This is one of my contenders for game of the year 2017. I absolutely loved every minute of it. It was a completely immersive and extremely compelling expiereince. The story and voice acting are outstanding and the gameplay is deep and fun enough to back it up. If you played Soma and loved it as much as I did, you need to get this game right now. The price is beyond resonable, it's easily worth 40 USD to me. (I hope I don't regret saying that later on...) I personally haven't experienced any of the bugs some other reviewers have mentioned, so they may have been patched out by now. Keep an eye on Bloober team. These guys have come so far since Layers of Fear and have a very big future ahead of them."
76561198011965365,Not Recommended,514900,34355616,Posted: 19 August,all,Saint Aaron,"Observer is just not a very good game - and at times it's actually quite boring.ProsObserver is a really good looking game. The art direction, textures, and environmental story telling are fantasticOccasionally, the voice acting is superbPlenty of cool cyberpunk themes and a interesting storyCons-The controls are sloppy and unreliable. Remapping in the options menu doesn't do anything, and player movement feels clunky- The memory sections are linear and uninspired. Some ideas are cool, but the devs seem to think loud noises and visual distortion are a substitute for a well written memory-The jump scares, while uncommon, are cheap- The voice acting, including Hauer, is all over the place. Some lines are fantastic, others feel like outtakes that were left in- The detective elements are shallow and repetitive. There's no thinking or skill involved.- Chromatic aberration removal must be manually added to your Scalability.ini- The default FOV is low, and you have to manually add the function to your engine.ini fileI recommend you wait for a sale."
76561198036054766,Not Recommended,514900,34885927,Posted: 11 September,all,PieBOT,"Unfortunately, while I really like this game I cannot recommend it.Roughly 5 hours in I encountered a game breaking bug that prevented me from passing through a door and continuing with the game, after contacting Aspyr for support on this I was told it was a known bug and the only way to get around it is to essentially restart the game from the beginning and hope it doesn’t happen again.For a game that relies heavily on exploration and mystery being forced to replay the first 5 hours with no guarantee that I won’t encounter the same bug again isn’t exactly ideal, I should also say that this wasn’t the first bug I had encountered while playing but it was the only one that prevented me from progressing.So, if you’re interested in this game then I would recommend holding off until there is some confirmation that the bugs like the ones I encountered have been fixed"
76561197983520619,Recommended,514900,34798483,Posted: 7 September,all,spiderfingers,Best game I have played in a long time. Athosphere and story are way beyond standard AAA titles. Will follow the studio for future games :)This is Cyberpunk at its very best!
,Recommended,514900,34279509,Posted: 16 August,all,Metalizer,"""I've seen things you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion. I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhäuser Gate.All those moments will be lost, in time, like tears in rain...Time to die."" - Roy Batty by Rutger Hauer (Blade Runner, 1982).Beautiful soundtrack, great atmosphere, interesting plot. Amazing voice acting of Rutger Hauer. True cyberpunk."
76561198016003941,Recommended,514900,34418582,Posted: 22 August,all,jdgonzo82,"what a roller coaster ride!! 10hrs of pure awesomeness!! this is the first game of this type that i have enjoyed completely...100%. It's more captivating than Firewatch, Gone Home, Amnesia...the visuals blew my mind with every area, every room containing so much detail. the voice acting is top notch allowing the story to be believable and mysterious. no action apart from some hiding parts. would love to see a game like this include some action in the future...! Overall it was one of the most unique gaming experiences since i played Inside. Will be playing through again as there are a few choices to be made near the end. Also collectibles...! Now enjoying reviewing the dozens of screenshots i took whilst i played through the game...never taken so many! It really is a work of art..."
76561197984820498,Recommended,514900,34567933,Posted: 28 August,all,Giaddon,"A twisted sci-fi horror experience in a grounded, detailed setting. The beginning of the game sets you loose in a dilapitated Krakow tenement building and leaves you free to knock on every door, examine every poster, and play through the thrilling swords and spiders computer game.As you progress, the focus of the game narrows until you are driven along to a satasfying ending.There are a few side quests and puzzles, and a handful of ""escape the monster"" sequences, but the majority of the game is simply exploring the environments, appreciating the haunting vision of the future and uncovering more about the world and yourself.It's been a strong year for horror (Resident Evil VII, Little Nightmares, Darkwood), but Observer stands out from the crowd with its attention to detail and psychological focus. Recommended, for sure."
,Recommended,514900,34535523,Posted: 27 August,all,jujuspi,"Welcome to Blade Runner in 2084. An unique game in his genre. You'll love it if you like cyberpunk culture.On the game itself, the visual effects are great. They serve in an awesome way the story and the character feelings / statuses. Story is fine but could have been more developed.On the drawbacks, maybe this is a little too short (10 hours to complete, even with the explore-everything attitude)."
,Recommended,514900,34480539,Posted: 25 August,all,Dramatiqa,"I started playing expecting a good mindf*ck. I got a REALLY good mindf*ck.10/10, would play again. :)"
,Recommended,514900,34392667,Posted: 21 August,all,Spencer390,"The sound effects, visuals, horror its all good but i wish there was some combat atleast...There's a strong resemblance of Condemned: Criminal Origins and the F.E.A.R. series."
,Not Recommended,514900,34355383,Posted: 19 August,all,jsenek,"TL;DR: Observer is like a great painting. Visually stunning, thought provoking, and… not very fun.If you enjoyed the 2000 film The Cell, you may find a lot to like here. The movie and this game are both horror, sci-fi thrillers about agents who enter minds to extract information, while venturing through visually stunning, imagined realities. Unfortunately for Observer, I personally found it, like the film, to be a mixed bag that I mostly enjoyed, but wouldn't really recommend to many people.I had two main issues that marred the experience. The first is that I felt the thriller elements were a poor fit for the subject matter. The environments were intriguing and disturbing enough on their own, that the constant attempts to provide a more visceral kind of fear mostly fell flat, and became an annoying distraction more than anything else. This particularly includes the ""cat and mouse"" sections that are being almost universally panned.The second issue is that I found the gameplay itself to just not be fun. This is largely a walking simulator, with some disappointingly light detective elements at key locations. There are only a handful of puzzles, but with one exception (the white trees room), they were unsatisfyingly direct and brief.The downsides are a real shame, because Observer presents some fantastic artistic work throughout. I particularly enjoyed how experiencing a person's memories wasn't a literal experience. Instead, almost everything was a metaphor or an expression of how the character felt about those past events.  At its best, I really got a sense that I was experiencing something special that a lot of inspiration had been put in to."
,Recommended,514900,34323341,Posted: 18 August,all,Umbra,"A bit shorter than I'd've liked, but it was interesting and aesthetically pleasing (especially if you love dark, gritty, cyberpunk themes). It was an interesting concept, and I'm glad to see that Bloober isn't afraid to explore different themes and mechanics, and I hope to see more from them."
,Recommended,514900,34372680,Posted: 20 August,all,megaten,I asked for this
,Recommended,514900,34388466,Posted: 20 August,all,B0st0n_ftw,Honestly.....This game was amazing. the 1980's Judge dredd feels with the still scary feels.... TBH if you loved layer's of fear i would totally purchase the game you wont be let down at all.
,Recommended,514900,34420903,Posted: 22 August,all,Hawky,"Probably one of the most messed up games i've played, and absolutely loved it. Definitely worth a play if you're a fan of horror games that aren't just jump scares.11/10, will not sleep well tonight."
,Recommended,514900,34383214,Posted: 20 August,all,teemu92,"I very much enjoyed it, great mystery story and atmosphere.Packed with detail to explore and investigate, i loved it, especially the door conversations.Big thumbs up from me."
76561198068908343,Recommended,514900,34980605,Posted: 15 September,all,AnKun,"[SPOILERS] May I dare to call this game ingenious? Despite the overused setting, the developers managed to squeeze alot of fresh and new concepts from it.Well, I'm not into cyberpunk books so maybe it's been done countless times already, but where else have you seen a monster, that haunts you if you jack into dead person's mind with emergency pull-out system disabled? Or a giant mutated pig in the basement used for growing human organs, with VR helmet on it's head, showing lush green fields, and a morphine injector to keep it free from agony? This is one of the darkest and hopeless worlds I've ever seen in a videogame.And it's awesome. Beautiful and original. I give it 10 rotting VR junkies out of 10. Would play again."
,Recommended,514900,34324172,Posted: 18 August,all,FabianBlaha MT,"A well executed psychological horror title that pulls of it's cyberpunk theme very well, with great voice acting, good writing, superb visuals and the perfect atmosphere to go along with it."
76561198049922871,Recommended,514900,34618721,Posted: 30 August,all,JustHarry,"Allow the mind of a petty and old business woman permanently connected to a machine to merge with the mind of a little girl otherwise unable to talk and live a normal life... or disconnect the plug, let the woman die and condemn the child to a difficult life but free and unbound.Find a pig used as a bank of organs by an unscrupulous trafficker. The machine that administers morphine doesn't work so you can choose wheter to repair it so the animal will suffer less, but the illegal activities will continue or end its sufferings... aware that doing so many poor and needy citizens will no longer receive, even though paying disonest prices, organs in terrible conditions but that could save their lives.Not good, not bad, only moral choices that lead to consequences. Cause and effect.Not white, not black, but a grayscale.This is Observer..."
76561197968099463,Recommended,514900,34315121,Posted: 17 August,all,Rivz,"It's like watching Blade Runner for the first time again, but also living in it!"
76561198036792592,Recommended,514900,34502562,Posted: 26 August,all,SlipperyWick,"Firstly this is my first game review so that says a lot about what I think of this game. I'd firstly like to commend everyone involved in this visual materpiece. The imagination of the team, lighting, graphics, dialogue and general feel of the game was something I'd expect to see from a AAA title.If you are looking for an FPS with shooting I'd steer clear of this title. It is a game about exploration and a journey of discovery. This is a psychological horror and you will some incredibly impressive visual effects. The game does suffer with some pacing issues a few times but doesn't come close to taking away from the main experience.PROS:Graphics, Lighting and MoodDialogue - interesting, engaging and variedStory - nothing new but extremely well executedCharacters - main character is played by Rutger Hauer nuff said.Setting - not hugely varied but if you love cyberpunk settings it'll be right up your streetCONS:Some pacing issues, frustrating instant kill momentsLOVED IT."
,Recommended,514900,34296166,Posted: 16 August,all,๖ۣۜAsphyXia,"I haven't quite finished the game but i am a fair bit in and have to say that unlike many games which have an amazing trailer then a dissapointing product, this game is better than its trailer, absolutely amazing.The game creates a brilliant and believably atmosphere which makes you feel emersed for the whole time, puzzles are interesting and analysing objects isn't boring it unlocks pieces of the story which is extremely interesting, definately worth buying, nothing quite like it!Edit: i wasnt overly amazed by the ending it didn't feel that great, like it's ok just be aware that it could of been better, at least, in my opinion"
,Recommended,514900,34301978,Posted: 17 August,all,Blattdorf,"Great game that should be on every horror fan's list to check out. Strong SOMA vibes, although the game didn't really dethrone it (it comes really close, though!).The game has lots of optional stuff to do, so you'll probably want to replay the game to find out what you've missed.I hope they'll make a sequel of sorts as the game's world seems ripe for more mystery thriller action with a touch of horror here and there."
76561198009683471,Recommended,514900,34590760,Posted: 29 August,all,MidnightWatcher,"Brilliant story. Great look. Performance could of been better and I experienced a few annoying bugs, but overall i recommend this product."
76561198044081748,Recommended,514900,34399984,Posted: 21 August,all,Me So Horny,"Totally blown away!This is a whole new level of horror game genre, nowhere near to anything I played before.My cincere Thank You to developers - you guys are tue artists!"
76561197996023399,Recommended,514900,34316606,Posted: 17 August,all,DA-9901081534,"Brilliant game; it's dark, gritty and gorey in all the right places. It will scare you, but won't make a point of doing so just for kicks.The world-building is perfectly done and allows those so inclined to soak themselves in the lore of the Observer universe; the POV is restrictive (and played with) to really let you experience life in a cyberpunk world and the setting feels authentic; like this could really happen.There's a lot more to the game, but I feel anything else would spoil the suprise; all I will say is that this game has set the gold standard for cyberpunk games!"
76561197995941131,Not Recommended,514900,35311954,Posted: 29 September,all,Masn45,"The atmosphere is solid, but visual distorsion scenes are to long, slow and boring. Lacks substance overall. Less effects, more story."
,Recommended,514900,34497342,Posted: 25 August,all,Traeger,"I give this game a recommend, but I have mostly negative things to say about it. I have to commend it with the positve review though, just because the market for creative single player story games is lacking actual unique stories and styles, which this game indeed has - and most developers are too scared to make something similar.Sadly Observer's biggest sin is that it suffers from the same fatal flaw from the previous game that this developer made. It relies far too much on forward movement into a bending and twisting environment therefore calling itself a psychological horror - and the fact that you are ""hacking"" into the minds of dead people in this game means that you're going to be going through this for most of your playtime. It gets very redundant. Like I said, this trend happened in a similar way tied to the story in this developer's previous game, Layers of Fear, but that game had enough of a frightening story and terrifying atmosphere to overcome it. This game really does not. It doesn't try to. It took its very unique and promising premise and squandered it through endless mazes and simple hallway puzzles that were very refreshing at first due to the creativity of it all, but ended up being 6 hours of the same thing. I cannot deny that there are some very interesting side tasks along the way that greatly fit the unique premise, but they weren't ultimately rewarding or satisfying. The fact that you're walking around the same apartment complex for almost the entirety of the game made all of these problems feel amplified.Observer, to me, tried to fit partially into the horror genre with the developers success from Layers of Fear, but also tried to utilize the extremely unique and promising premise, but I found that it didin't execute either fully, so I was left feeling like it was an endless, psychedelic, and linear letdown. To add to this, it also added in halfway some gameplay mechanics that survival games would have, in the form of some drug that synchronizes your body enhancements - but it was never an interesting or engaging mechanic, and I'm pretty sure I stockpiled like 50 of them by the end of the game. It also added in a lurking monster which I found was the only thing that could literally ""kill"" you. It was frustrating that these were mechanics that they half-heartedly embraced, and at about 3-4 hours into the damn game too - adding to my point that they tried to splice in lots of mechanics that don't gel together at all. It was also a shame to me that neither of the endings lead to a satisfying outcome, both are somewhat evil endings of varying degrees, but at least they gave some closure and choice.If you're a fan of very story based adventures, then you might find interest in this game, but remember that the premise is less focused than you'd think considering all of the cons of this game."
,Recommended,514900,34308261,Posted: 17 August,all,1C3[],If you cant wait for Cuberpunk 2077 anymore....
,Recommended,514900,34376986,Posted: 20 August,all,Kelvin,"Just finished the game, and all I got to say is that this is by far my game of the year for 2017.Nowadays, there's rarely a game that has ever left me satisfied with its story, presentation, and conclusion. The fact that this game manages to accomplish this in these regards, and even exceed all my expectations for it speaks volumes about it.If you are on the fence on this game, you certainly can't go wrong with this purchase. Worth it.9.5/10.The cons? It ended. A bit on the short side - Took me 8 hours to beat it with some side quests still outstanding. Despite it, it's still a must-buy for any horror/sci-fi/story fans out there."
76561197975312920,Recommended,514900,34314116,Posted: 17 August,all,garfie2000,Game starts off amazingly well.Then...Parts drag on forever.And ever.And everVisual and Audio quality is top notch.The rest... Meh.
76561198274272305,Recommended,514900,34593317,Posted: 29 August,all,schempstead,"Ok, first of all this game has some obvious flaws, but thats not the point. Whatever you read about the game, its probably worth it, especially if you are a fan of cyberpunk, horror, Layers of Fear, or Rutger Hauer. If this game goes on sale, i.e. below $20, than get this now.Now im not going to say much about this game as lots of other people have left reviews, but simply enough. Gameplay is good, as well as most mechanics. The scares are a good mix of atmosphere, suspense, a few good jumpscares, and some tedious yet well put together stealh/monster chasing you segments. These are ... good, but get tiresome. Luckily there isnt too much of that.Graphics... wow... and almost no frame rate drop on my mid-quality Pc. Only supports select controllers.Length of game is decent, with LOTS of collectables and achievements, and some optional quests that tie in to the main storyline nicely and give the game some extra length. Game was about 12+ hours with all optional things.Some of the best sound design i have ever heard... anywhere. Wear high quality surround sound headphones for truly frightening experience. Voice acting is better than average, and the script is decent, better at times.Dont get turned off by the slow beginning, as it picks up a lot of speed later on, although closer to the end it is a tad predictable, but still amazing at any point. The detective work blends nicely with the horror, as the best scares were when i least expected it. Good use of not too difficult puzzles throughout the game, yet not too easyAh yes, it also feels like taking actual drugs. This game is a SERIOUS mind♥♥♥♥.So overall, just get the game. You wont be dissapointed, just dont expect the game of the year award."
76561197982208377,Recommended,514900,34579172,Posted: 29 August,all,Herisheft,"My mind was blown during playing it and after I finished, and as a fan of Cyberpunk I found everything what i was expecting and even more. I am also a fan of Layers of Fear released by the same studio, and people who played it will deffinetly recognzie the vibe. :) Bloober TEAM is a unquestionable master of creating surreal, very disturbing and innovative game effects which perfectlly fit the premise of this game, which is hacking into people's memories and psyche, and we all know how messy our heads can be.About the game itself. It has a perfect pace and balance between sections where you must think fast or slow. It's a detective game so you can take your time with almost everything what you do, examine your surroundings, read emails.etc. and finally to put pieces together. Visually it's a masterpiece. Environment is amazing, and its a merge between super high technology and some very old technology. Low tech-high tech everyone. <3 Merged with breathtaking light effects and FX it all gives us the vision of this very depressing, dirty and unpleasant vision of glitched, cyber future...I could praise long and loud about it, but its best to see it by your own eyes. I love this game, I keep thinking of it and i intend to go through it again, because there are multiple endings to it, and I believe one is triggered by something you do in 3/4th of the game. Which i will do with great pleasure too. Also... Ruthger Hauer <3Smile at the end;Game takes place in Poland, so as polish person I find it very humorous in some places and nostalgic. People may believe it or not, and think that the plan of the building is crazy and without any sense to say the least, but this is exactlly how old polish tenament houses looked like. There are also smiles towards our pop culture and things that tickle our nostalgic memories, like some house appliances or posters. I specially felt that feeling of ""aaaw"", when I saw the vacuum cleaner attached to the cleaning bot, everybody had that model during the day. ^.^"
76561198184499086,Recommended,514900,34827680,Posted: 8 September,all,RoseHawktail,Absolutely loved this game! If you played Layers of Fear than you'll defintely enjoy this. The storyline gripped me from the very beginning as you follow KPD Dan Lazarski who's investigating a mysterious call from his son who'd disappeared years ago. Dan finds himself in a rundown apartment building where you can interrogate the various occupants and explore their rooms as well as a Tattoo Parlor. The art in this game is beautiful! 10/10 would recommend this game to anyone!
,Recommended,514900,34471130,Posted: 24 August,all,xcomedian,"First rate graphics, atmosphere, dark cyberpunk story, and voice acting. Wonderful art direction. Gameplay, especially stealth sections, isn't as strong but keeps things moving along."
,Recommended,514900,34422822,Posted: 22 August,all,Eeporgorg,"Short, but polished and immersive. IMO, wait for it to drop to $20 or below."
76561197969207498,Recommended,514900,34429919,Posted: 22 August,all,robosan,"I don't know what quite to say, this game has left me speechless. It's an interactive experience that is truely amazing. It made me stop and think. Did I make the right choice?visuals: 10/10 ran perfect on a Nvidia 960sound: 10/10story: 9/10voice acting 9/10Overall, it's a fairly linear story game. Great story with an amazing atmosphere. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,514900,34444353,Posted: 23 August,all,4rson,"Incredible narrative, unfortunately it just left me wanting more since the universe they created was so well executed. The gameplay is very similar to Layers of Fear with new mechanics that allow you to investigate crime scenes and piece together clues. I ended up being more interested in the cyberpunk world itself than the final path of the story."
,Recommended,514900,34447002,Posted: 23 August,all,[GoogleMe]THE_SOUND_OF_MY_TITS!,"It's a bit overrated, but I'd still highly encourage fans of cyberpunk to pick it up.  While you won't find much in terms of interactivity, and the scope is fairly limited, the amount of polish is rather incredible for an indie team to pull off.AAA cyberpunk games should strive to achieve this level of polish and psychological horror; it's unparalleled thus far.  My only hope is that CD Projekt Red's 'Cyberpunk' takes some of the better parts of Observer, and incorporates it into their more full-fledged gaming experience."
76561198052392209,Recommended,514900,34316030,Posted: 17 August,all,Blasty McSplode,"Had high expectations for the game. Was not disappointed.Beautifully crafted with defined graphics, a long and gripping storyline, many interactions and a few little 'side missions' on top. Full of gore, scares, mind boggling scenes and amazing atmosphere. To top it off there's a mini game within the game as you go along! If you're interested in a futuristic psychological horror walking simulator, I highly recommend Observer.Only bad thing I can mention is the motion blur, had to turn that bad boy off!"
76561198001618596,Recommended,514900,34446947,Posted: 23 August,all,Adrimove,"Layers of fear was amazing but this one is an other level !!- Amazing graphics- Audio is gorgeous- The gameplay is genius and storytelling is perfect.What can I say more than just thank you for this game, I will remember this game for a long time !"
,Recommended,514900,34485324,Posted: 25 August,all,NIXFLIXX,"I did not expect this game to get me to stick to it. At first, it was starting a little slow since I was still getting to know the mechanics of the game. However, once I got comfortable this game started getting better and better while progressing through the story line. The storyline is what kept me playing. The amount of suspense, jump scares, and puzzle solving was an ample balance. It takes on a different genre on its own, which keeps the player intrigued; at least for me it did. It's a beautiful game, and for those wondering if they should get it I say try it out IF you're into horror, survival, puzzle-solving, and a good story line kind of games."
,Recommended,514900,34927210,Posted: 13 September,all,Soshidow,"This is an interactive story with a thin layer of gameplay, if you can invest in a game purely for the experience, then this is worth your time. If you're after gameplay and complicated puzzles, this isn't for you.The horror element is like a cyberpunk acid trip gone wrong. Rather than terrifying, I would describe it as intense. Rather than brief moments of overwhelming panic, I found seemingly unending periods of dread, constantly waiting for the ""bad trip"" to end.  Whether that difference is good or not is up to you."
76561198037735918,Recommended,514900,34844048,Posted: 9 September,all,Jester,A delightful and uplifting trot through beautiful environments with profound character development at every corner. Observer really draws you in allowing you disconnect from the tyranny and corruption of the real world. 9/10
76561197999602910,Recommended,514900,34995627,Posted: 16 September,all,Rostburken,"Great horror game. It's up there with Amnesia, SOMA, Outlast, Layers of Fear, etc. You won't be disappointed."
76561198012132248,Recommended,514900,35040482,Posted: 18 September,all,simon.kamakazi,"pros: great atmosphere, great visual fidelity, detailed and spooky environment, the level design tells a story all by itself. interesting narative, mostly good voice acting and writing. immersive detective/exploration type gameplay, good sound design and music.neutrals: it gets pretty surreal and abstract at times. may not appeal to everyone. ok for me.cons: some of the mind hacking dream sequences while interesting drag on a bit and have only very minimal gameplay (hold w to advance the story basically) more detective gameplay in the 'real world' would have been nicer. the occasional deaths by the monster are more annoying trial and error encounters than horror moments.overall: . its not super scary like amnesia: the dark descent, or even soma, its more of a tense kind ofexploration expierience which is quite nice actually.  worth getting"
,Recommended,514900,34296028,Posted: 16 August,all,Classicsniper00,"""I've, seen things you people wouldn't believe...""I'm usually not big on horror games. However I enjoyed Observer, it had a rich atmosphere and a decent story. This game did a great job of capturing the retro cyber punk feel that Blade Runner had.It also wasn't plauged with cheap jump scares, but ones that you could laugh about right after. Last but not least it did a fantastic job using audio in places where it belonged, and having dead silence in others. Sometimes I had to stop myself before turning a corner or going into a room simply because I was shaking at the knees. Frequent breaks were had.It's an enjoyable and frightening experience, worth the money."
,Recommended,514900,34572956,Posted: 29 August,all,buffalobill,"When I payed for the game I definitley wasn't expecting it to be anywhere near as good as it turned out to be. I waited a few days, forgot about it, and scrolled passed and decided to give it a shot.  Game looked beautiful, played well, and made me jump a couple times already. Very immersive as well, started playing and didn't notice the 5 hours pass by."
76561198043225643,Recommended,514900,34591776,Posted: 29 August,all,Jemzuki,'
76561198085117975,Recommended,514900,34383945,Posted: 20 August,all,lens11718,"This game is really cool.  Retro futuristic, feels like blade runner/brazil/matrix.  Its not a pew pew game, its like an interactive movie.  Great artistry, great presentation.  Gaming community needs to support original creations like this."
76561198098612102,Recommended,514900,35360858,Posted: 30 September,all,blaze764,"I love the style of this game and the story behind it. I didn't know there would be a monster in this game until I was face to face with it and that gave me a mini heart attack. Overall, the game is very cool and I reccommend that anyone who likes first-person exploration and gory games should try it."
76561198345989770,Recommended,514900,34951893,Posted: 14 September,all,Stellablu,"I dont get 14 hrs in that many games, but this is one of them. Great story with awesome voice acting by Rutger Hauer. Sets a great mood to a future I could see being roughly possible. I would most likely be in the Class C housing deep in the addiction life of holograms and drugs :) Lol... Great game that will pull you in through nice visuals and a compelling story. Must play for people who like future cybernetic nanotechnological nightmares!!!"
76561198047611189,Recommended,514900,35003960,Posted: 16 September,all,Shock and Awe,"If you are familiar with developer's previous game Layers of Fear you are in for a similar treat. Only this time the game is set in a bleak, depressing dystopia and it's focused on ever more present realities (dangers?) like public control, Virtual Reality, cybernetics. It's slow and it's meant to played like that, so you can observe all the little details which are so organically created, but they were in LOF as well. At first I thought that parts when you connect to other characters mind were dragging but then you see how masterfully and with superb subtle details the background story of that character is delivered, this game just oozes with profound atmosphere. It's a gem this game, it really is."
76561198005655387,Recommended,514900,35218363,Posted: 26 September,all,Fleeting Relevance,"Quality-wise I'd say this is as good as Layers of Fear, though I think I prefer Layers simply due to its setting. Observer is cool though, I'm a sucker for the weary old detective character cliche and they nail that here, Rutger Hauer's voice acting is a bit weird and monotone but I dig it. My only real complaint is that I feel they went overboard with the trippy scene skipping stuff, but it isn't a deal-breaker. Not sure if its worth the full price as I haven't beaten it yet, but so far I would certainly say it's worth picking up at some point if you're hungry for some decent horror action."
76561198040236903,Recommended,514900,35229079,Posted: 26 September,all,Tonkoe_Lezvie_Sna,Visually perfect cyberpunk interactive movie. Atmosphere of a bad trip in Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥style. Rutger Hauer's voice. There's nothing more to wish for cyberpunk lover.
76561197998648633,Recommended,514900,34313894,Posted: 17 August,all,Psychoghost,"Okay, I finished the game and I have to say - very good. I would say 7/10 or even 8/10.You can check for yourself, since I will upload one part every day right here in 4k 60 fps:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2exyuYwjsW8&t=1s&list=PLNvgySd4wCDPGaAbMVOZeBMOYjhqAk-Ks&index=1Since 4k rendering takes quite some time, I have to keep it to one video a day. Now for the review:Pro:- A few unique / rare elementsThe cyberpunk theme is all over the place. It is really refreshing if you compare it with theclassical horror games. In addition, your gadgets are quite impressive. Since the main character is augmented, you have a bio-scan, tech-scan and a nightvision mode at any time. This reminds a bit of ""Deus Ex"", but  ""Observer"" still keeps a unique touch. The fighting system is quite interesting: There is none. Not at any point in time you fire a single bullet or use any other weapon. Surprisingly, I didn't mind.- Atmosphere is on point""Observer"" is not about jump scares. There are a few, but the game focuses on keeping a constant psychological pressure on the player. And boy, did they succeed. The attention to detail is impressive and creates an immersive atmosphere. The dialogues are very well written and performed. The scenery is very well done and the cyberpunk theme is on point. The soundtracks match the gameplay perfectly.- Dialogues are very well writtenI mentioned it already, but I want to give it special attention. There are REALLY a lot of dialogues. And not a single one of them gave me the impression of ""meh, they could have done better"". The few characters that you meet are well designed.- A bit of horror. Yes, I wrote ""a bit"". ""Observer"" doesn't make your heartbeat race as for example the amnesia parts. However, you constantly feel watched and hunted by the villains in this game.- The cyberpunk part really is something new (at least for me)I won't forget the moment when I entered the first courtyard. I was like ""wow"". I just stood there and watched at the cyberpunk theme. It is everywhere. The characters, your special abilities, even the doorbells have cyberpunk written all over it.- Music and Sound effects are very well doneLittle Con:- Once or twice I got lost ""What do I do now""? The game only helps you a little (you can say that is a ""pro"" - depends). There is no map or navigation in this game. So once in a while I ran in circles looking for that notepad to escape the basement.- Sometimes the scenes are super weird. Yes, I know... Cyberpunk. But the sequences while you hacked memories... I swear not even hard core drugs can give you these trips (not that I would know lol). In addition, in my opinion the scenes where you hack the mind of certain characters were too long.- Warning regarding seizures. This is the first game where I agree with the warnings regarding seizures. During flashback moments or the drug-related actions or while hacking memories you will come across some really... well how do I say it. Flashy and extreme graphical patterns. You have to see it yourself to understand properly.Real Con:- Playtime is a bit shortI finished the game in < 8 hours. I tried to skip not a single dialogue, so you can finish the game even faster.==========================Buy or no buy?Buy! Despite the game being short, there is no reason to not play ""Observer"". Just keep in mind: this game is no *combat*-horror game and has his strength in creating a shivering atmosphere through dialogues and ambience."
76561198045956778,Recommended,514900,34467871,Posted: 24 August,all,sete,absolutely stunning game! easily goes to top10 for what i have played! just plug in........................... and remember your shots
,Recommended,514900,34383472,Posted: 20 August,all,mrandrewhawkins,Having an excelent time playing this fantastic cyberpunk detective story. Very engaging and highly recommended
,Recommended,514900,34456815,Posted: 24 August,all,Barefoot,Cyberpunk horror at it's finest. A truly beautiful and bizzare trip from start to finish.
76561198083471479,Recommended,514900,34438109,Posted: 23 August,all,Hillary,"god damn this game is insane. atmosphere and level design are incredible. and one of the best voice acting and dialogs ive heard in games. 10 out of 10btw this is not action game. more like walking, talking and investigating. writing just so people will know"
,Recommended,514900,34336405,Posted: 18 August,all,Coznesster Smiff,"I'm not great when it comes to horror games, but I'm a huge cyberpunk fan and if I find a setting interesting enough I'll brave through being on edge for a few hours. While I enjoyed the game quite a lot, I was honestly expecting something more along the lines of a conventional detective story but with a cyberpunk aesthetic and cyberpunk themes, with the added benefit of being able to dive into peoples minds for that psychological horror aspect. That being said, if you want to feel incredibly unsettled you'll love this game.If you were expecting the same thing don't be dishearted. I'd say this game is more an exploration of the main characters mind and coming to grips with his issues than a true detective story per se, which is still an interesting subject nonetheless. Its not terrifically large in scope and you can almost see that in the way the levels have been designed - they're claustrophobic and maze-like.The game did make use of some very cyberpunk cliches though, which was a little disappointing. I'm going to end up in spoiler territory but if you're a fan of the genre you'll know what I mean when you play it."
,Recommended,514900,34300031,Posted: 16 August,all,BellumNine,Loved it. Beat in 7.5 hours but didnt get all collectibles and achievments. Beautiful game and very immersive. Will definetely replay it in a while. 10/10
76561198073098208,Not Recommended,514900,34298610,Posted: 16 August,all,pingu,"This game was good and had a scary atmosphere, until you use the memory tool thing and it takes you to a stupid unrealistic dimention that kills the entire game."
76561198100871541,Recommended,514900,34520430,Posted: 26 August,all,profpain77,"Pros:-Solid story-Superior voice acting to Layers of Fear-Rutger Hauer does a great job-Compelling futuristic dystopia setting-Interesting concept of ""dreameating""-Multiple vision modes makes you feel like a high-tech detective-Pacing is solid-Intelligently handles complicated ethical questions related to self-enhancementCons:-Stealth elements fail-Way, way too much ear♥♥♥♥♥♥- if you must play this with a headset, turn the volume down-Puzzles are pretty weak for a game of this genre - the detective angle could have been played up more-Apparently Chiron wants all of its employees to be ♥♥♥♥ing deaf- DO NOT LIE TO US-Hey, baby!  I'm home! - several points in the game repeat dialogue ad nauseum-Crying televisions-On the short side, as a leisurely playthrough took under ten hours-Meandering through the apartment complex looking for the one or two intercoms you didn't click is not funVerdict:7/10.  A solid game well worth a playthrough, but the $30 asking price is steep for less than 10 hours of gameplay.  Wait for a discount."
76561198001809399,Recommended,514900,34732412,Posted: 4 September,all,Shenawy,"I read somewhere that the creators put this game in the ""hidden horror"" genre. I don't believe they created the genre, but after playing so far into the game I can say they researched it very well and have become really good at applying it in the interactive medium.If you've watched ""The Ring"" movies, then you remeber the VCR video tapes which started the horror stories. To me, those videos were the only thing in the movies which invited interest and curiousity. How a few images; a fly, a close up of a horse, a chair propped on one leg, a ladder put up against a wall leading nowhere, and with the added glitches and noises made it all very disturbing to watch - I wanted more of this! The videos played on the feeling of the uncanny, which is the father of this game's hidden horror type/genre.So, if you ever felt like taking a ride through one of The Ring's video tapes, then this game is for you. Because it does it so perfectly well. And if you could get a grip on your nerves and look past the horror & chaos surrounding you, you will see how they all relate, directly and indirectly, to your target's thoughts, fears and nightmares hidden deep within their minds; open for you to observe."
76561198113463456,Recommended,514900,34451073,Posted: 23 August,all,Estudiant,"8/10 did not♥♥♥♥♥♥pants, but it was a close thing."
76561198170376709,Not Recommended,514900,34516263,Posted: 26 August,all,Tdcman123,"I REALLY REALLY REALLY REEEALLLLY want to recommend this game, because I love it so far. Expect I can't finish it. The game crashed once and now i'm trapped in an endless loop of trying to play the game and keep falling through the floor. Sad considering I really like bloober teams work and to me this was their masterpiece. I don't want to have to restart the game and go through six hours of gameplay I've already seen, so this is really disappointing as it's completley ruined my experience. If they release a patch and get it fixed, I'll change my review. Until then, I cannot recommend it in this state."
,Recommended,514900,34531742,Posted: 27 August,all,huskobon,"Visually stunning!Coming from Layers Of Fear, Blooper Team really stepped their game up in quality and gameplay with >Observer. This game is just amazing in so many ways. It's got a very visual design like no other, and just really taking advantage of the physics of the Unreal Engine.SoundThis has got to be one of the best sound designs i've heard. The original creativity of ambiunce, and mix of speed up and slow down effects really bring the chilling effects forward, and they're highly noticed.Controls.Had a few glitches here and there. The controls do work well enough, but at times, the controls would lock up and I would have to restart the checkpoint. The lockups would occur during triggered events and after that, I would find myself not being able to move.GameplayIt's a lot of fun. Unlike Layers Of Fear, they put you in a Detetive role and you really get to investigate scenes and find clues and build the story around you. You have several Eye modes to help see certain things, and you take scans of them. I also loved knocking on doors and interviewing some of the people. They had some interesting personalities. I also must mention as well, I did have a few crashes from the game, and kept getting Unreal Crash notices, so it's something that should be looked into.GraphicsThis is a true work of art. The cyber-punk look was in need of a new coat of paint, and Bloober Team nailed it!  It's dark, griddy, and sometimes pure eyecandy.Overall, this is an outstanding game. I was so excited when it was announced, and was happy to play it!  I can't wait to see what Bloober Team comes up with next!8/10"
,Recommended,514900,34501904,Posted: 26 August,all,MacArthur1880,"Wow, this game is like a trip. Also different endings possible. Good game. 8/10.Graphics are amazing. The plot is a bit fuzzy and weird but it's ok. Gameplay is the weaker bit - there is not much to do except to walk around and follow the storyline.If you're a fan of Alien: Isolation or SOMA, or any other games of that sort, then you will most definitely enjoy this. Otherwise, it may not be your cup of tea. I certainly found it enjoyable because I like this kind of games.Would recommend, definitely."
,Not Recommended,514900,35229638,Posted: 26 September,all,freaky_lizard,"In a binary system, I disapprove the game. It's real shame, though: it has so much nice details on world building but it struggles to deliver it to the player. It's an interactive videoart overburdened with game elements. The superb opening hour reminds of what grim cyberpunk must look like - electrojunky yard made into living place. The hotel under lockdown, the detective, the freaky tenants, the wonderful visual setup. And then it continues into boring ghost train of endless glitches, of superlame stealth elements, of constant change of the ruleset of the game. The narrative gets lost somewhere during the midgame and consistency breaks. Not in a cool glitchy way but like it was not thought through and thorough.It's better than Layers of Fear (that was a lame ghost train about a mad painter) but it's still far away from what I hoped it would be. Sad."
76561198014410113,Recommended,514900,34465860,Posted: 24 August,all,Malicius_Namtar,... wtf....
,Recommended,514900,34464163,Posted: 24 August,all,Youhomegodrunk,"Observer. A cyberpunk horror adventure we always wanted to experience in a video game, right?Honestly, i expected something like Call of Duty (in a good way) I always was a fan of good fast-paced shooters with a good story and multiplayer, but Observer changed my life...Graphics - Not bad, not bad... Could be better, it's a ♥♥♥♥ing cyberpunk game for ♥♥♥♥ sake! Blade runner and Neromancer would turn in their graves! But let's not judge game by it's cover and move to gameplay.Gameplay - It's a typical walking simulator, but hear me out! You can interact with everything out there! I am serious. You can see your body when you looking down, you can scan people for evidence and suspisious activities (you playing as KPD detective who will tear your mind apart) Interract with doors, doors and other doors (there will be lots of doors)I really like how you can choose a dialogues that will make impact on the ending (according to developers there will be over 10 endings, really cool isn't that?) What really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off while playing Observer, enemies are really OP. Yes, there are enemies scattered around, what cyberpunk game without enemies? You can use stealth and avoid them, or take a gun and blow their augmented brains off.Music - As a music composer myself, i am not amazed... Hearing this pop/dubstep ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t through entire game was really depressing (in a bad way) If i see a composer of Observer in person, i will take my knife and cut your nasty fingers off, i swear!I think i explained everything to you without picking up a fight with developers, that's really a progress... But the game didn't met almost everything i wanted2/10Wait, is that Rutger Hauer as a voice and a face of the main protagonist?! AMAZING GAME, EVERYTHING I MENTIONED ABOVE FORGET ABOUT IT! IT'S A ♥♥♥♥ING RUTGER HAUER!!!1000000000000/10"
,Recommended,514900,34355996,Posted: 19 August,all,"What did you mean, da Vinci?","if cyberpunk is your jam, this is gonna be your PB&jam sandwich10/10"
,Recommended,514900,34273484,Posted: 16 August,all,the boys light up,"I'm sitting there, enjoying the mini game on the PC in it. Getting real ♥♥♥♥ing immersed in it, beat the level of the minigame and turn around to have some prick scare the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.This was about 10 seconds ago, these guys know how to suck you in."
,Recommended,514900,34342176,Posted: 18 August,all,Unforseen Liquid Emission,"If you feel like recently Deus Ex hasn't been doing a great job of representing a true Cyber punk world,  >observer_ is here to make it all better.>observer_ shows you a future that is grungy, hopeless, bleak.   Everyone is a slave to technology,  to corporations, or worse.You play as a detective who is investigating a personal lead which puts you in the middle of a series of murders that all take place in a down on its luck apartment complex.  Naturally it is chalk full of bizarre tenants who are wary of you, so you are forced to interrogate them to figure out what's going on.The atmosphere is incredible. everything is rendered in loving detail, from the holographic posters, to the curious stains on the walls, to the steam curling up from vents, and the neon lights flooding your vision.   It is a true ""tech-noir"" world.>observer_ wants you to feel uncomfortable.  And It succeeds."
76561198025062954,Recommended,514900,34405464,Posted: 21 August,all,curtzeg,"The visuals and understanding that old cyber-gear in  a dog-eat-robot dystopia full of blurred lines of morality among displaced people living in fear & poisonous distraction didn't need to hold my hand. Stepping out the car badass Rutger style fullfilled my thirst for a next Bladerunner cinematic experience. Not unlike the excellent Escape from Butcher Bay was the proper sequel to my favorite among the series in Pitch Black; despite the 'video game' format. Anyway, I don't write many reviews, my 1st on Steam, but I absolutely have no problem in not having the action with weapon in hand. This game knows what it is & it brought back very fond memories of  a pinch of Condemned, a dash of Outlast & a cut of Butcher Bay in a cyberpunk package through the eyes of a wise Observer. Jack in if you dare."
,Recommended,514900,34356312,Posted: 19 August,all,nuuriell,"Excellent game that met all my expectations. Considering it's from the same team that worked on Layers of Fear I knew going in that it would be good; I am very pleased with the results. Bravo on a job well done, Bloober Team. ^_^"
,Recommended,514900,34356302,Posted: 19 August,all,BIG_BLACK_THUNDER,"If you are into getting your brain bulldozed and twisted. Then this game is for you, I really enjoyed it :)"
76561198274142467,Recommended,514900,34313076,Posted: 17 August,all,Poopstick1000x,Holy hell this is addicting
76561197981160700,Recommended,514900,34321883,Posted: 17 August,all,jrich360,"The game is a masterpiece so far.  The game is polished, beautiful graphics, runs nice and smooth.My laptop specs:I3 processor 2.4ghz 7th gen8gb ramintel HD620 integrated graphicsWindows 10Sure I have the graphics settings on low but it still looks great and runs smooth for me even on my laptop.They paid attention to all the small details, everything looks great as you would expectwalking around in a city and buildings.  Exploring the apartments is fun and i'm excited to see what comes next.  I'm slowly move around just soaking in the beautiful environments.You feel like you are in the future, everything is high tech.   Machines are integrated with humans.  You can feel the supernatural forces at work ready to interact and reek havok with you at any moment.It has a creepy feel to it like I had when I had played some of the silent hill games, the graphics, fright factor, wow factor are thru the roof.  You will be on the edge of your seat.This is game is pure quality.   If your into sci fi, horror, adventure, exploration, games that scare your pants off while you try to solve the mystery, this is it.  One of the best I've ever played.I hope they make more games like this, absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,514900,34501640,Posted: 26 August,all,Trash Gordon,"A fantastic cyberpunk adventure.Fans of the genre, looking to get their Blade Runner-esque fix, will find plenty to enjoy with >observer. Primarily a narrative affair, the game delves into horror, but is a fresh take on the slew of horror games out there.It isn't so much a jump scare type of game. Sure, there are a couple of 'run and hide from the enemy' sections, but >observer's horror mainly comes from its content and fantastic atmosphere. It isn't 'scary' per se, I feel 'unsettling' is a better word.Bloober Team have done a great job building a dystopian, gritty cyberpunk world. Given free reign to explore every nook and cranny of the game world, the developers have crammed atmosphere to realise their vision, and engage the player.The gimmick of jacking into people's heads is also a welcome addition, they provide most of the batshit insane parts of the game, as well as breaking the pace of the game up a bit. While some sections can get a little repetitive, the stoyry kept me going.Speaking of story, it's a hell of a ♥♥♥♥ing ride. Playing through, I caught myself at certain points thinking ""how the hell did we end up here?"" on more than one occasion.I like the fact that the story wasn't the same old cliche of questioning human ethics and the whole philosophical aspect that comes with augmenting the human body, that a lot of futuristic games utilise. It places second fiddle to a more personal story to the main character.All-in-all if you're looking for a primarily story-driven experience down the proverbial rabbit hole, then look no further."
,Recommended,514900,34342213,Posted: 18 August,all,PyЯo,An absolute joy to play. Incredible Indie game for horror and scifi fans. Highly recomended!
,Recommended,514900,34345709,Posted: 19 August,all,Dutchoper72,"Loved the game, until the ending. Was not a fan of the options (looked at both), however it was good overall."
76561197994844866,Recommended,514900,34355588,Posted: 19 August,all,Blatantthought,"High tech, low life"
76561198017203175,Recommended,514900,34647714,Posted: 31 August,all,Brooke,From the makers of Layers of Fear... Bloober Games bring you a game even better than the last one they made
,Recommended,514900,34333491,Posted: 18 August,all,Constant_zero,"- When I started this game, I thought ""Well, this is kinda good detective game"".After 1 hour of play...- What the f***After 2 hours of play...- Whaaat the f***After 3 hours of play- Whaaaaaaaaaaat the f***After completing the game...- What the f*** was this s*** and why did I enjoy playing this10/10 would play again but need to blaze it"
,Recommended,514900,34489836,Posted: 25 August,all,Marked One,"A huge step up from Layers of Fear, in story, visuals, and gameplay.  While Layers of Fear scared me more, Observer is creepy, unnerving, and will have you dreading each forward step into the dystopian retrofuturistic freakshow that it has set up for you.  Every element of cyberpunk fiction that skeeves me out is present, from malfunctioning implants to experimentation and cables in places they don't belong.  Remember that you are in control."
76561198129694266,Recommended,514900,34279871,Posted: 16 August,all,DaBorneLaser,"biggest wtf game ive played in a while with a mindf#$k ending. Graphics, characters, atmosphere, and framerate were great but the pacing was odd, the controls were iffy, and the monster avoiding sequences were incredibly dull. This is a very weird and trippy game so heads up. Definitely not as good as Resident evil 7 or Soma. Id say its worth $20 so get it when it goes on sale. 7/10BTW i played it on offline mode so it doesnt show up that i played it too long but i did beat it"
76561198015156355,Recommended,514900,34325376,Posted: 18 August,all,Wonderboy in Monsterland,some of the gameplay is simplistic but the storyline and surreal nature of the experience is like none otherbrilliant....well worth the buyObserver is a highly notable and worthy tree in the digital forest out there...
76561197989212616,Recommended,514900,34304402,Posted: 17 August,all,Mr. Toy,"Look... this is not the best Cyberpunk story you've ever seen. While clearly taking visual and musical inspiration from Bladerunner (I mean, come on, they got Rutger Hauer) and Ghost in the Shell, this game lacks the depth and philosophical themes that underpin both. However, what it does well is the atmosphere: the apartment building where you spend 90% of the game feels weirdly futuristic, dystopian and post-Soviet at the same time. In fact, that's why walking the same freaking corridors for 5 hours does not get boring - I was constantly amazed at how well they were crafted. And once the ""hacking"" bits start, the game does a lot of clever things with the level geometry which sometimes even serve a narrative purpose - which should be applauded.But this is technically a horror game, so how does that part of the game fare? Well, actually, calling this a horror is a bit of stretch. There are a few scares here and there, but the game very rarely puts the main character in any danger, so I never felt any actual fear for my protagonist. The best way to describe this game would then be ""slightly tense"", where the tension is maintained through the enveloping murder mystery and gradual blend of reality and subconscious of the protagonist.As far as gameplay goes, this is a typical walking simulator with elements of detective work akin to Arkham games. It is not terribly engaging but it does keep the game moving at a reasonable pace (especially if you don't stop to collect every goddamn collectible).So, overall, it is a decent thriller game/visual novel, which does not bring anything new to the game genre or to the cyberpunk genre but does a good job of keeping you entertained for 5-8 hours of playtime. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who's been clamoring for a cyberpunk-style game. Everyone else: watch first 40 minutes on Youtube and decide for yourself."
,Recommended,514900,34305498,Posted: 17 August,all,Kunjunction,Was a great play. Do recommend however please notethis game is not really scary...its not fast paced of any sort...the ai is pretty idiotic the few times that you encounter it.cleared it in 5 hours without finding every single thing however theres not much really outside of the main story.
,Recommended,514900,34819690,Posted: 8 September,all,GrimPapa,I'd say this was one of the most intence experiences of my life. Absolutly gorgeous. I'd pay triple for it if I could.
76561198027650596,Recommended,514900,34783377,Posted: 6 September,all,theloganite,"This is the most annoying, expensive way to find out that Rutger Hauer is a goddamn national treasure.10/10, I wish Rutger Hauer was my dad."
76561197987630975,Recommended,514900,34420117,Posted: 22 August,all,Serendipity,Pyschological thriller played out in a dystopian setting; very polished and generally well made. If you liked Layers of Fear then youll like this; its a step up again.
,Not Recommended,514900,34623210,Posted: 30 August,all,Tarn,"I have never before played a game that tries so desperately hard to be scary and suspenseful while absolutely failing to do so.  This game quite literally uses every horror/suspense trope I can think of and throws them at you in such a rapid and disjointed succession that there is absolutely zero time for the game to build any feeling of suspense let alone horror.  The player can not walk for more than 10 seconds anywhere in the game w/o another horror trope and accompanying “static vision” and screams to remind them of what type of game they are playing.The story itself is very predictable, which would be ok if the developers didn’t feel the need to draw things out forever.  Even towards the very end, when everything is clear, Observer is constantly stalling for time.  I suppose this is more a fault of the times where developers are in fear of creating a good story with crisp, tight and supporting gameplay and then get reamed in reviews for the gameplay being too short for the cost.  Personally, I’ll always prefer a game that knows how to end within its means rather than just stall for time.Add the above together with a couple game breaking bugs (literally fell through the map during a pre-rendered scene transition) and you’ve got easily one of the least enjoyable gameplay experiences I’ve had in quite some time.If simply being screamed at every 10 seconds is your definition of fun, suspenseful, and/or scary, then this game is for you.  Otherwise steer clear."
,Recommended,514900,34532315,Posted: 27 August,all,UltimaBen0825,All sorts of awesomeness.
,Recommended,514900,34298333,Posted: 16 August,all,Private Pyle,Have only played a few hours so far and I have to say this is one of the most interesting horror games I have played in a while.
,Recommended,514900,34597988,Posted: 29 August,all,Prof3ssorPants,"You'll like it if: You're into an interesting story and a super cool sci-fi noir setting. You won't like it if: You are looking for a fast paced game (there's ""investigating"" to be done... and some occasional text reading for the good stuff / deeper context).Incredible game. The trailer kind of doesn't give the best actual vibe of the game. It's a very laid back game for a lot of it, and then you get a good does of awesome for a while, then back to unraveling the story. It's SOOOO GOOOOD. It's feels like playing a graphic novel. You will either love or hate this game. I'm really glad I gave it a shot because it hit hard and I loved it all the way through. I didn't want it to end.You really get the vibe that you are an investigator creeping around run down future-world apartment complexes. The game is investigating a ""situation"" in an apartment building (and some other areas around it). As you investigate, you unravel a story by plugging into people's brain chip implant things. That's when things get awesome and crazy. It's like a puzzle to figure your way around in their psyche, learn something, and get out. I really loved it. Lots of real creative and freaky stuff. 420 Friendly! If you know what that means. If not, that means smoke weed when you play this game."
76561198078791771,Recommended,514900,34314153,Posted: 17 August,all,WayneDude,It's like playing Snatcher... but on meth.
76561197966105913,Recommended,514900,34276683,Posted: 16 August,all,Revixy,">OBSERVER_ is a psychological survival horror game at it's very best.It will creep you the ♥♥♥♥ out. The constant fear brought down uppon you through it's atmosphere will cause you to cower in fear progressing slowly through it's hallways with dim lighting effects and fog making it even more apparent that you're scared, with the constant creepy noises that lurk in every corner you progress through.The Cyberpunk fiction depicted in >OBSERVER_ is nailed to absolute perfection.This is a masterpiece if you're into cyberpunk scenarios that depict the dark grim future of mankind.This game is an absolute buy if you love yourself a dark mysterious detective game where you solve puzzles and do detective work at each crime scene you come across.Video added:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KrHux8AIxIY&t=0s"
,Recommended,514900,34440979,Posted: 23 August,all,El Hombre Mayonesa,It's like a cross between Soma and Blade Runner. Super good so far.
,Recommended,514900,34296153,Posted: 16 August,all,Chocobo,"A new cyberpunk game that feels like you are actually in the world.Voice acting:9/10most of it has been pretty danm good, besides a few charactersVisuals:10/10we get this and senau's sacrifice, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's a good year for PC GAMES. It looks and feels like Blade Runner, with amazingly detailed textures, and well done atmosphere. Really mind blowing.Gameplay:8/10It's not the greatest gameplay out there, but it is fun to play. Expect to do a lot of walking and reading."
76561198007755995,Recommended,514900,34279246,Posted: 16 August,all,ilya.m,Blade Runner + 1984=Observer
,Not Recommended,514900,34612920,Posted: 30 August,all,Brother Issobus,"***I WISH I COULD GIVE THIS GAME A ""MEH"" RATING***6/10The storyline is great, it plays out really well and does a gret job of creating atmospheres that reflect what is happening, but it feels very short and shallow. I encountered many issues of falling through the world and getting trapped in places I wasn't supposed to be. It is not polished at all and there are a lot of bugs and issues, but it isn't a bad game. Even though It's bugged to hell, it still is a decent game from a story and gameplay perspective."
,Not Recommended,514900,34520609,Posted: 26 August,all,Quack,"Typically I do not buy horror/thriller/suspence games, but with this game's visual design looking quite good I decided to give it a try. If you are like me and are on the fence about horror or do not like it, turn back now as it is prevalent. Overall I give this game a 6.5/10. I would reccommend buying this game on sale.Pros:- I enjoyed the graphics all the way through. The game nailed the cyberpunk look with retro colors and designs.- The walking simulator feel for this game was well broken up. With story interaction, npc interaction, crime scene investigation, and exploration at just the right times, boredom did not strike me while playing.- Few sidequests that reward exploring the area. A little extra bit of interaction that isn't quite tied into the main story.- Fun minigame inside the game as a pallete cleanser when you want to take a upbeat break from the game.Cons:- The mix between horror and detective doesn't quite mix as smoothly as anticipated. The horror aspect of the game seems to take away from the wonderful atmosphere of npc interaction and cyberpunk enviornment.- The ""stealth while monster patrols"" sectons killed the game greatly for me. I was enjoying the game for the dialogue and enviornment, and throwing in this section just meant extremely delaying the part of the game that I liked.- The lore in this game just seems thrown in and unimportant. Many npcs have defining backstories that play off of the given lore, but I feel that the player's imagination could have made a more fun and personalized experience. Why should the player be given the lore of the world if only defined to 1 building?- The lighting and broken texture graphics look sometimes ruined the mood of the game."
,Recommended,514900,34299207,Posted: 16 August,all,xFEARGASMx,"the cancellation of silent hills was both a saddening and anger inducing event.while we may never play that game. it still gave birth to a new wave of psychological horror video games. layers of fear and observer are fine examples of this new wave.similar to layers of fear, observer is a mind boggling experience. that has you diving into the deep corners of insanity.  in layers of fear you are a insane painter in the past. and in this game you   are a semi insane detective hacking into insane peoples minds in a dystopian future.while layers of fear was pretty linear in its progression, observer is more open ended...ie ""open apartment building"" rather.there is more than one objective. and i believe more choices to make.this game BLEW MY MIND  and also looks really beautiful.the only cons i have is the voice acting is not the greatest ever. but its good enough for you to experience the story as it was intended. I feel the other con is  the 2 different scanners you use to look for evidence/clues were not as well implemented into the game as they could have been.overall this is one of the best psychological horror games i have ever played.8.5/10"
,Recommended,514900,35256478,Posted: 28 September,all,MoralHighGround,"Really entertaining, short game.Would reccomend not doing what I did and actually taking the time to read through the emails on the terminals so the latter half of the story actually makes sense the first time through"
,Recommended,514900,34267815,Posted: 15 August,all,The Prof,"After finishing the game in maybe...4 ish hours, left a bit to be desired. I was hoping for a little more mystery and maybe double the time it took to finish. Would have loved to see more interaction opportunities among tenants in the game and more things to solve. Felt like the game was mostly on a track.That being said I absolutely loved it! The atmosphere is amazing and the theme is very spot on. If it had a larger world, maybe 2 to 3 times larger, to explore and do other tasks while you went through the main story, then I would give this a 10/10, but, it was way short and once you complete the game you start a whole new game in order to continue.On a final note, the music and atmosphere as well as the visuals are a 10/10, the story a good 8/10, gameplay a solid 7.5/10. If you love Cyberpunk themed games with some horror and you want to get together with your buddies and play on a stream or to just scare your GF/BF then this is the perfect game for a saturday night. Not too much replayability though."
76561198068865782,Recommended,514900,34270968,Posted: 16 August,all,kafstar1,looks like a good game...hopefuly someone can work out how to lift the 62fps lock for those of us with 144hz monitors?
,Recommended,514900,34267084,Posted: 15 August,all,Xmoono,"I haven't played much yet, but so far it's awesome!I love the Cyberpunk style!The atmotphere, the gameplay, the graphics, it's all really good.The Story so far is really interesting aswell, and I'm sure it's going to be much scarier further in the game.10/10 So far. I will update this when I've played further."
,Recommended,514900,34728129,Posted: 3 September,all,skuppy,Fantastic mix of cyberpunk and horror. Plus it's got Rutger Hauer and he's... seen things you people wouldn't believe.
,Recommended,514900,34284363,Posted: 16 August,all,MeatShake,"Desperately needs an FOV slider. The camera feels so claustrophobic.Games makes constant nods to 1984 and Blade Runner but the setting feels more like a mix of Brave New World and Fahrenheit 451.A surprising amount of exploration and secrets once you get past the first 'puzzle' so it's not too linear. The game starts off with you going ""muh son!"" and chasing him infinitely but I have zero motivation at all to want to search for this son. They just dump the plot on your head and you gotta take it and go with no real setup or investment. The MC's a depressed old man with no feelings so I guess it works out. The voice actor needs to grow on you too speaking of the MC."
,Not Recommended,514900,34282565,Posted: 16 August,all,bagel collector,"I wish there was a ""neuteral"" option in recommendations. The game didn't impact me in any important way at the end, the horror in this game is purely jump-scare and cliche. But even saying that it is a fairly worthy experience, the world building is great but the visual post-processing is overwhelming and frankly obnoxious, you get lost in the visual effects moreso than the world. The ""scanning"" modes are near useless becaues they restrict your vision so much and even throw false positives at you which is a simply terrible game design choice. The story is very alright but the pacing is all over the place; the game gives you too many ""oh you're okay, NOT!"" scenarios to the point where ACTUAL high intensity moments lose their edge. I find this far less polished or engaging than Layers of Fear which I still think has the most creative visual storytelling and horror.As a person who loved SOMA to death I absolutely love science fiction horror and figured this would give me a fresh experience. But the experience is too film-noire esque to be scary; your character is a detective who spent his life doing exaclty what you do in this game, nothing is shocking to him, nothing makes him wonder, it's all routine and as a result you as a player feel like it's a routine. Nothing feels like a mystery since your character already knows all the procedures.In conclusion the great highs of this game are ruined by the messy, low-grade lows. There are small things that could be fixed to make this a good game but I still can't say this experience is for anyone in particular."
76561197968571854,Not Recommended,514900,34469156,Posted: 24 August,all,shookfree,"can't continue because of the ""falling through floor glitch"""
76561198073113238,Recommended,514900,34264963,Posted: 15 August,all,치즈김밥,"Now what can I say about this game, I loved it. I'm usually not the fan of ""Walking Simulators"", which this game kinda is but it did a good job. There was always more i wanted to find out and keep progressing.To set some points, in my opinion:Graphics and sound was very good, especially sound creeped me out alot sometimesThe place this game takes place in was very smaller and different from what I expected, however I still really enjoyed the sceneNo deadends I always did atleast something to progress and didn't really feel lostStory got more and more interessting however mostly more towards the endPerformance was fine most of the time stuttered at some pointsTook me almost 8 hours to finish the game but I did not explore everything neither did I tryHowever, gameplay is rather simple.. walk here, investigate this, talk to those, explore this etc. etc. this could throw some people off i guess. But I would say if you buy this game you don't buy it for it's gameplay mechanics (it still got a few interessting and new ones!), you buy it for it's story and the world it takes place in.Overall I can only recommend this game."
76561198039756288,Not Recommended,514900,34640283,Posted: 31 August,all,SummonerAiko,"I want to give this game an excellent review by what I have played so far, but I sadly can't at this time. I had 3-4 hours into the game (regardless of what Steam says, I know how long I played) and took a break for a week. I come back on today and...the only option was ""New Game"". I read that this is a major bug that is happening to a lot of players that is causing them not being able to progress either. How did this even get past Beta while knowing it was a major flaw? A ""sorry, you'll have to restart"" is ridiculous. There should have been more testing involved. This is ridiculous for what might be a beautiful game. I know there is nothing the Devs can do to fix this, but there needs to be a more formal apology of some sort for everyone who paid at least full price for it. If you're wanting to play it, I highly reccomend it. But get it once it is on sale. Don't waste your money on something that can potentially erase all your progress."
,Recommended,514900,34369413,Posted: 20 August,all,Strelok,I want the Electric Sheep to wake me up.
76561197991465949,Recommended,514900,34665670,Posted: 1 September,all,Gagarin,Good psychological horror about humans future. Intrerstin story and detective gameplay.
,Recommended,514900,34509354,Posted: 26 August,all,Sword,"This game is one hell of an acid trip,  very well made."
76561197983401247,Not Recommended,514900,34568164,Posted: 28 August,all,mweb,I can see a lot of work went into this game but I really didn't care for it. The sequences when you were in anothers mind were just too weird and too long. Hard to follow. I think the Cyber special effects were over done.  Not too much fun. 5/10
,Not Recommended,514900,34553028,Posted: 28 August,all,HoomanSA8,"Full of bugs , stucked in the walls , got drowned to the under world etc ....story and gameplay is kinda cool , but i liked layers of fear more than this , still didnt finished the game but bugs ARE ANNOYING ...."
,Recommended,514900,34563725,Posted: 28 August,all,Barkhimkh,"Wow, just wow. mindblowing, confusing but mostly just wow. I definately recommend you get this game it's just so... well... it had a big impact on me when I played it and I don't think I'll forget it soon. Just buy it ffs. The developers are masterminds. great game, 11/10 I'll going to bed now, I need to rest"
,Recommended,514900,34278513,Posted: 16 August,all,Trivvy™,"Bloober have really outdone themselves.The graphics are absolutely fantastic, and my rig runs it exceptionally, the only time I got frame drops is when streaming in a new area, and it lasts for less than a second, and they do not happen often at all. I even unlocked the framerate and got ~100 FPS or more most of the time, except for some particularly taxing areas, but I never dropped below 60, and never noticed any stuttering or slowdown.The game revolves a semi-open area with different ""quests"" you can complete offside from the main ""quest"" by exploring different apartments and talking to different people, using your special vision tools to investigate areas and piece things together. There's a little bit of stealth here and there, but it's kept short, and does not happen often, which is good, because these parts can be frustrating.The game is incredibly trippy at times, and I found myself often exclaiming ""That's so cool!"" throughout. If you're looking for an entertaining mind f*ck then look no further.My only criticisms come from a purely technical stand point, and perhaps won't apply in a patch or two.1. No FOV slider. The FOV is super tight, but thankfully there is a guide that tells you how to edit it. However, the player shouldn't have to edit the FOV via config files, it should be a slider in the options, Bloober.2. Framerate by default is locked to ~62 FPS. Same guide also shows you how to unlock the framerate. I had no issues whatsoever from unlocking the framerate, so I have no idea why it's even there in the first place, or without an option to unlock/set your framerate in the options menu.Other than those two things, if you think this game might be for you, don't hesitate to pick it up, it takes about 8-9 hours for one playthrough when not rushing.Specs:i7 3770k @ 4GHzGTX 98016 GB DDR31TB SSD"
76561198058828924,Recommended,514900,34392385,Posted: 21 August,all,Funnygger,Overall an great experience.
,Recommended,514900,34389681,Posted: 21 August,all,JDog2pt0,"Great game, loved the endings"
,Recommended,514900,34318382,Posted: 17 August,all,Trickster512,A slow start with lots of dialogue and reading to help with immersion and turns into a great horror game later on.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Dc7-MHhSCA
76561198194076142,Recommended,514900,34265838,Posted: 15 August,all,SnowLeopard__x/t.tv,"Words can not describe how my mind feels after only having done the firs two hacks into the minds of the tenants living in that building. It is unlike Layers of Fear in that you actually have to do some detective work in this one and you get to make some choices when talking to people. They do a great job mixing Layers of Fear with Outlast at one point in the game and some parts can be frustrating to get past, but they have to do that to give you a break from the fear. I would say this is less scary than Layers of Fear, but it will mess with your mind for hours later."
,Recommended,514900,34414833,Posted: 22 August,all,Sindra,Mmm. .amazing environment and graphics.. BUT.. anyone that has seen anything of Ghost in the Shell won't be the slightest surprised by this story. This is a plot that has been done over and over again since the first ghost in the shell movie in 1995You could have done SO much more with the plot and the background. It is a shame. Beginning was awesome but then it just turns out to some weird ghost in the shell copy done badly. But. .the setting alone is worth all the stars in the world.
,Recommended,514900,34320982,Posted: 17 August,all,Luna,It's like Deus Ex with Lynchian wibe. When you start you really don't know where it will lead but you still have that feeling that it will be a place both wonderful and strange.8/ 10
,Recommended,514900,34325943,Posted: 18 August,all,G•H•O•S•T,This Game is AMAZING!High Level Mind♥♥♥♥ery.If you are a fan of Psychological Horror Games then you should get Observer right now.Seriously...this game blew my Mind from the beginning till the End.
,Recommended,514900,34336360,Posted: 18 August,all,Baby Driver,really gooood!!
,Recommended,514900,34400800,Posted: 21 August,all,Gustavo Fring,Game ran perfectly on my computer until about halfway through when my light up keyboard started glitching out and I dropped to about 10 fps.10/10 will glitch out my computer again.
,Recommended,514900,34400758,Posted: 21 August,all,Undercrownandcookies,"What can I say, I like cyberpunk."
,Recommended,514900,34483951,Posted: 25 August,all,donut,"For explorers, thinkers, ponderers and observers this game is quite epic. Great weird narrative of a not so distant dystopian future with giant syndicate ruling mostly everything.Take your time, explore everything. Ponder why. Ask questions. I guarantee you'll have a good time.If that's not your thing and you just want to advance in the game, you will miss 90% of it.It's part adventure game part horrific story of what plutocraties could achieve. Blade runner meets syndicate and inception. Not for epileptic people, as the game only has audio and visual means to deliver messages, thosemethods are extensively used to create emotions in players."
,Recommended,514900,34497832,Posted: 25 August,all,Taylem,"Part Blade Runner, Part Johnny Neumonic ... with a large dose of suspense horror. That pretty much sums up >observer_ ... While the controls can be a little clunky, it does little to distract from the amazing environment that pulls you into a world overcome by the darkside of technology.The voice acting is great, even the mumbling voice of the main protangonist done by Rutger Hauer or Blade Runner fame, fits in perfect for the game.The music, graphics are some of the best of its genre I have seen of late ... and the story itself dances on that line between exsistential and terrifiying. While the endings may confuse some, the game itself is a lengthy dialogue on big business, failure of government, personal choice, belief and obsession.If you love a rich narrative, this is surely the game for you."
,Recommended,514900,34718945,Posted: 3 September,all,NickelKing,This game is very different then the generic horror games doesn't rely too much on the jump scares but instead on the overall surroundings it is more of like a puzzle/psycological horror game and it is good so farif you wanna see gameplay i posted some on my channel herehttps://youtu.be/Cq0GCTafCFc
76561197973738284,Recommended,514900,34719363,Posted: 3 September,all,Thorfkin,Excellent game. Easily worth more than one play-through.
,Recommended,514900,34644893,Posted: 31 August,all,Яξąνξŋ,This game is so good...im speechless.Play it by yourself and see
76561198110812144,Not Recommended,514900,34587550,Posted: 29 August,all,mélily,"Going to ask for a refund.Maybe i'll buy it back if one day the Fov and the mouse sensitivity are resolved, for now i only managed to change the Fov, but the mouse sensitivity is still WAY TOO HIGH even if i get it as low as possible in the game's options.Until a solution appears for the mouse sensitivity by being able to change it from the directory files or getting it lower from the in game menu (which imo will never happens), i leave a dislike and wait."
76561198107474353,Recommended,514900,34342139,Posted: 18 August,all,smellypie24,this game is litty
,Recommended,514900,34841702,Posted: 9 September,all,The Unfortunate 11Chuck,Amazing game. Overall great enviroment.
,Recommended,514900,34896788,Posted: 12 September,all,✪ slatons,♥♥♥
,Recommended,514900,34512660,Posted: 26 August,all,Cool Ranch,"An incredible amount of effort and attention to detail went into this game.  I love it!  It does what a LOT of AAA devs fail to do, and that is tell an excellent and original story."
,Recommended,514900,34561847,Posted: 28 August,all,Stevejust,"If you're a fan of Blade Runner, stop reading reviews and buy Observer. You'll like it.The story is really, really interesting.The gameplay is solid.The graphics are amazing.On my second playthrough now :)"
,Recommended,514900,34507493,Posted: 26 August,all,Bandit,2spooky. I dont like scary games but this one has a good plot so im in
,Recommended,514900,34520264,Posted: 26 August,all,Gallowloch,"Fantastic game that's only flaw is how short it is. While the story is pretty simple, the characters and dialogue were excellent. And the best part is that there are multiple solutions to side missions and multiple choices during in the main story. The level designs and world-building are amazing, emphasizing the horror technology and dystopia can possess over people."
76561198180388518,Recommended,514900,34520388,Posted: 26 August,all,polish.greg,excellent game
,Recommended,514900,34510387,Posted: 26 August,all,Galenmereth,"Just done with my first playthrough, and I have to say this was an absolute amazing experience. Generally I'm not a fan of ""walking simulators"", but this is a breath of fresh air in every way. Audiovisually and thematically the best cyberpunk game I've played since Deus Ex. Even though this game has no combat and no guns, it's a better experience for it. Absolutely recommended.Addendum: I've seen some complaints about the intensity of visual effects in other reviews of this game and while it's true that these are plentiful, they are for once actually thematically important. They are interwoven with the plot and lore of the game and enhance the immersion greatly. To me they were an immense boon to the experience."
76561198095500190,Recommended,514900,34960275,Posted: 14 September,all,[NSL10]Legato,Good Game
76561197966793531,Recommended,514900,34363243,Posted: 19 August,all,THE HATED HUMANIST,Very interesting so far. Observer creeps me out like SOMA did and that's a GREAT thing!
,Not Recommended,514900,34965362,Posted: 14 September,all,maladjust59,"Although very few, I love the investigation parts. Bio and Tech scans are great and I wish there were more of it rather than the overlong Sync/Dream Sequences that felt like bad horror trailers. The escalation and then the bass drop, JEEZ stop already. I found myself wanting the game to end! Stopped caring about the story around halfway through and didn't care about which dialogue choice I'm making. Overall I really can't recommend this game. Maybe get it on a big sale. Maybe."
,Not Recommended,514900,34943143,Posted: 13 September,all,Wrath,"Encountered a game-breaking bug where I could not access my objectives menu, which in itself is already really bad since this is a very open game and you need to know your objective list, but on top of that, this is also the menu where you access your character's medicine to take, which if ignored, makes your screen so fuzzy it's legitimately unplayable. This happened to me and many others on the forums.Their fix? Restart the game from the beginning.My fix? Refund.Shame too because I was actually really enjoying this game before this happened. Oh well. To Youtube I go to finish the story. Maybe if it gets fixed I'll pick it up for ~80% off a couple years down the line."
,Recommended,514900,34939805,Posted: 13 September,all,Raj HoOT,"Pros:-Fantastic world building-Even better story- Plenty of jump scaresCons-Actual gameplay consists mostly of walking around/gathering clues-Length is a little long for me-The Obeserver sections can be quite erratic and don't always make the most senseIf you are looking for story, I'd go ahead and take the jump. If you're looking for gameplay, be cautious. Warnings aside, I'd still recommend to a friend.7.5/10"
76561198145849399,Recommended,514900,34299197,Posted: 16 August,all,PoundCake,Cool concept and game in general but I got motion sickness and refunded. GG.
76561198014289925,Recommended,514900,35187320,Posted: 24 September,all,patfeerick,I love it!
76561198148784435,Recommended,514900,35446205,Posted: 3 October,all,S A M P L A,"This game,this game,this game               is  so goodif you like a dark aesthetic and an 80's vibe this game is for you.everything from the story the length and the characters you'll know this game is perfect in it's own way.27$ is worth the game."
,Recommended,514900,35413243,Posted: 2 October,all,Zataru,"Cyber-Punk Horror concept is genius, but not properly executed on the horror part.It is more a detective game, than a horror game. Still not a walking-sim, but very simple.Epilepsy warning even for people without. Turn the brightness down."
76561197989070305,Not Recommended,514900,34364299,Posted: 19 August,all,阿毒 (Poison),Pros:Good art directionCyberpunk themeCons:Dream section not scary but boringLong and tedious gameplayI refunded this
,Recommended,514900,34263432,Posted: 15 August,all,Ashen One,"The game's atmosphere is greater than Amnesia, Layers of Fear, and your own bedroom after waking up at 3:02 in the night.The game itself is insanely mind tearing. I feel ♥♥♥♥ed up.Only thing missing is an option to adjust the FOV, it's set to 80 or less. And perhaps a puke bucket and a free therapy session..."
,Recommended,514900,34264585,Posted: 15 August,all,Steffe™,"This game is questionable at the start...For a start, from what I have played so far... the game is not worth 20+ British Pounds.The voice actor you play as is awful and has no emotion in his voice what so ever.The horror aspect is very interesting as it is more atmospheric horror and minor jumpscares. The puzzles are unique in their own way and quite tricky to figure out, so you must have a keen eye for the enviroment.The art style suits the Cyberpunk genre, it has great visual with that ties in with the tripy atmosphere, you're bound to think ""wtf""Overall, I don't think this game is worth the price but I'd definitely recommend if you like these sort of horror games."
76561198050456603,Recommended,514900,34371013,Posted: 20 August,all,Adorno,"A blitzkrieg on the senses, a psychosis simulator with brilliant visuals and symbolism that would make Freud proud.Before you buy, you should be aware that:1) it's a walking simulator,2) there's just one NPC, the rest of the interaction is in text, on radio or through doors,3) the voice acting is mediocre, with Rutger Hauer (the protagonist) being particularly bad (sorry Rutger),4) it's ""only"" 8-9 hours of gameplay, at most (not necessarily bad of course), and5) the puzzles are fairly simple, and there are not many of them. (I like this, because it's the story that's interesting, not finding access codes to doors).If you can accept that, it's a nice acid trip... I mean game."
,Recommended,514900,34378783,Posted: 20 August,all,KAPi▽ K//L,"Whatever you guys smoked while making this game, I want some NOW!"
76561198085171364,Not Recommended,514900,34538901,Posted: 27 August,all,TacoTeco,"Keeps opening in ""Steam Vr""? Which makes the game unplayable mainly unless you play with the windows a ton. Which none of this makes since, because its not even a VR game... so until this is fixed; its a no go."
76561198071334350,Not Recommended,514900,34922360,Posted: 13 September,all,Richcop,"Game play is way to short,,other than that not bad . i found myself replaying it a few times. Still HOO HUMM..."
,Recommended,514900,34566488,Posted: 28 August,all,Killerhab,tHIS gAME ♥♥♥♥S wITH yOUR hEAD lOL  gG nICE wORK!A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
76561198007672491,Not Recommended,514900,34507417,Posted: 26 August,all,knc.boss,"Developers, your game DOES NOT WORK. Already after three hours of play, the middle mouse button does not trigger a log. It can be clicked a million times and nothing happens. Of course, medicine can not be accepted now. Wonderful, thank you. And money can not be returned! And yet, players can not change the key bindings in the settings, it also does not work. And why make saving for the game and somewhere to hide it, that it is impossible to find, one of you mentally gifted can explain?Эта игра не работает. Через три часа у меня перестала нажиматься средняя калавиша, вызывающая журнал и прием таблеток. Привязка клавиш в меню настроек тоже не работает. Какова черта разработчики спрятали файл сохранения я не понимаю. Не могу найти его. Чтобы перестала работать клавиша в игре, это же надо постараться написать такой баг в программном коде...  приз за самый тупой баг в студию..."
,Recommended,514900,34569343,Posted: 28 August,all,Liquid_Z,"Not perfect by any means, but for those looking for a similar game akin to titles like S.O.M.A, this title will very likely appeal to you.PROS:Incredible atmosphereLegitimately spooky at timesVery cool premise. Story does a good job at pulling you in.Awesome knight/spider mini gameCan look real goodInvestigating was kinda funCONS:Steath sequences are very basic and featured poor AI.Never understood what the point of Synchrozine was. I periodically used to to see if it would be a solution to a puzzle, but never contributed to the gameplay in that way. Easy to keep topped up.Encounerted one bug where I couldn't open a door to enter the next area. Quiting to main menu replaying the sequence a second time fixed it.ANNOYANCES:Opening doors/moving objects require too much mouse movement. No proper fix. Got use to it though.Needed to edit game file in local directory to turn off FPS limit.FOV is way to narrow and can make mavigation confusing. Can't edit in game (but can be changed outside of it).Wish the story was told a little better. Felt too cyptic at times. When your told, ""This is the answer you've been searching for."" and suddendely the credits roll, it never really give you enough time to let it sink in.VERDICT:BAs far as the combination of Indie horror/walking-sim/puzzle games goes, it's overall pretty good. Although it doesn't do the latter very well. Recommended to S.O.M.A. fans."
76561198118843433,Recommended,514900,34363242,Posted: 19 August,all,j.yargot,"I'm only 5 h deep, but glob this is everything i want in a game - art, exploring, narrative, terrifying, graffix, all v cool. i enjoy exploring all the visual details and the voice performances and sound design is just so quality. i feel like nothing was spared to make the game these developers really wanted to make. much respects and admirations for this work."
,Recommended,514900,34903993,Posted: 12 September,all,Shepp,Dopest dope
,Recommended,514900,34509674,Posted: 26 August,all,NewUnit18,"10/10. If you like cyberpunk, or if you like horror, you'll like Observer. I hope they make a sequel."
76561198027528795,Not Recommended,514900,34587925,Posted: 29 August,all,foma_mgppu,"-∞/10 unless case log bug is fixed. Being not able to open your most valuable and most useful tool is game-breaking. Shame on you, developers. I was starting to like your game."
,Not Recommended,514900,34538941,Posted: 27 August,all,Crossedfall,"The game is an absolute shame given that the concept itself (a mix of the memory sequences from Remember Me tied to the visual ascetics of Blade Runner) has a lot of unexplored potential that could have really set this game apart from the other bland, monotonous, “horror” games on steam. The story itself is a mess, scattered around the place with a weak central plot in an attempt to tie everything together. Outside of the instant death “stealth” sections, there is no threat to the main character and no reason to care about what might happen to him. You feel entirely disconnected which leads to the game’s biggest cardinal sin, it’s just not scary. Observer relies entirely on loud sound cords and sudden jump-scares to startle the player. You quickly get used to the in-game queues for both so it becomes easy to predict whenever anything, “scary” might happen. The lack of any threatening atmosphere also does not lend aid to the games failure at being a truly great horror game. Overall, I can see what was attempted here and the potential that the developers created. It’s just a shame to see that nobody within the Bloober Team have any true understanding of what makes for a good entry in the horror genre as it seems their belief is that jump scares and loud noises is all it takes. I truly hope that their third game will move away from their current flawed formula."
,Recommended,514900,34300032,Posted: 16 August,all,Voxxy,This game's so good I played it for 4 hours straight and it froze my PC.10/10 would restart my PC again.
76561198033016331,Not Recommended,514900,35252135,Posted: 27 September,all,james.guerra,Tideous. Visual distortion very unplesent. I had just finished Mass Effect Andromada and after that very tideous game was not wanting more of the same.
,Not Recommended,514900,34509580,Posted: 26 August,all,Frame Trap 69,"After Layers of Fear this game is just a massive step back. I mean all this cyberpunk stuff is really good... until you realise how boring this game is. I mean after first hour game keeps repeating itself. And of course there are a lot of colorful bs that game keeps throw at you and its never works like it should. Like you are it someones head and you think ""alrighty that should be fun"" but its not, intead of really creepy and interesting stuff you gonna get only colorful bs into your face every 1 sec. Im a huge fan of Layers but this game is just my waste of money :/"
76561198152195892,Not Recommended,514900,35132950,Posted: 22 September,all,megamanx503,"i want this to be a good game ,and so far it's been alright, maybe it's because i'm a sucker for the setting and 'theme' of this game, and it runs well, voice actings good, so far the story's been keeping my attention one step above 'meh'that's where the good ends,  the controls are horrible, the visual style is annoying, and it rrelies on jumpscares, JUMPSCARES, OBVIOUS ONES, that alone is why i wouldn't say get this game, it's trying to be scary in the same way those crappy youtube 'horror' videos are, even if like me, you can look past them, it's still something that just makes the game so much more 'bleh'"
,Recommended,514900,34516221,Posted: 26 August,all,bruh,Imagine Deus Ex but scarier.
76561198078572413,Recommended,514900,34407365,Posted: 21 August,all,FuckfaceUnstoppable,"""Roy Batty"" from Blade Runner voices the man character. Its a surreal, authentic cyberpunk experience. Blew my weenie off 10/10 f*ck me silly daddy f*ck me silly daddy f*ck me silly daddy f*ck me silly daddy f*ck me silly daddy f*ck me silly daddy"
,Recommended,514900,34369836,Posted: 20 August,all,viskup,Cyberpunk soma game horor.
76561198135721687,Not Recommended,514900,35501461,Posted: 5 October,all,sebastiantz,"-No fitting Music-0% scary Moments-Riddles are way to easy, you will just walk throw the game-No interesting Conversations-The Mind-connection Stuff  is not that great......-and to put a Cherry on it,  both Endings are a messed up"
,Recommended,514900,34263735,Posted: 15 August,all,Sniper Geezer,CYBERPUNK!....
,Recommended,514900,34280384,Posted: 16 August,all,Ecliptikz  ツ,"Rutger Hauer with a hint of Blade Runner, incredible graphics and a technically sound gaming experience? Sign me the ♥♥♥♥ up. 10/10Edit: After having played 4+ hours, I can safely say that this game is nothing short of nightmare fuel, which, in this case, is a great thing. Absolutely enthralling ambiance that will leave you playing on the edge of your seat. An absolute must have title for fans of similar games."
,Not Recommended,514900,34689170,Posted: 2 September,all,GERTY,"fell out the map and lost loads of progress, it had to happen on a moderately scary segment♥♥♥♥ off"
,Not Recommended,514900,34753025,Posted: 5 September,all,<VEX> Ven.til.ator,"Pros:- Nice design (environment & characters)- Good voice acting & sounds- Some small puzzlesCons:- Story is very confusing (scattered into thousand pieces)- Character is invulnerable (except three situations, as far as I know)Sadly the story was to confusing and I stopped caring. Still played it till the end in about less than 6 hours. But I don't think that it was worth it. The story is the main part that gives the game it's main purpose."
,Not Recommended,514900,35148253,Posted: 23 September,all,DimDamDuweeh™,"Found it really disappointing, I expected more since I had played layers of fear in early acces and after it was released officially. The beginning of the game was really interesting but later on it just get's confusing and puzzles get weird."
,Not Recommended,514900,34598724,Posted: 29 August,all,kowalski77,Boredom simulator...
76561198155942523,Not Recommended,514900,34650455,Posted: 31 August,all,USMC Raiders Lcpl Legido,game crashes immediately after I launch from new game.  havent been able to even play it at all
,Not Recommended,514900,34276730,Posted: 16 August,all,Tempest_Mist,"I want to thank Bloober for the 20% discount , very nice touch from the developers.I want to address the steam review system and the way those that give a negative review on a popular game are treated on this platform. Everyone who gives a review has a right to their opinion even if it is a negative one  and those that don't agree with it have no right to jump to conclusions or run down that individual with comments about what they assume is wrong with with that individual's rig while ignoring the fact that the game itself does have issues that need to be addressed.To Steam - when reading a review you give options of helpful, not helpful, funny etc., yet only give 2 options when writing one , yes or no , when right now I need OTHER as an option, because my review is not a negative of the game as a whole just one dealing with bugs/glitches etc., that have effected my experience with this game.With all the above being said these are my issues that I hope the devs will read.The launcher window is a huge problem as it is always open when there is no reason for it to be once you choose play, please remove it as I feel it is causing problems with fps drops. I also found that recording software is only recognising the launcher and not the game, while there are ways around this I shouldn't have to look for one.When the game started music & sound was great till I got to the long speech - it was just silent, at first I thought is it meant to be that way and let the game continue,  inside the car, sound was perfect. Meeting the janitor things went weird , speech was delayed with the conversation continuing past the first door into the courtyard. So I exited the game, launcher & steam and started again. This time I heard the speech being read but at the last part of it, again speech was delayed and continued into the opening of the game, the car scene and the meeting the janitor went as it had the first time, so I continued on past the door into the courtyard. When the detective work started speech was on que but interaction with objects sound was delayed again. So I exited everything again, for the third time I started the game - everything played out as it had the second time with sound but this time upon entering the room where the detective work begins I had a huge fps drop , after that the character could not move forward like there was an invisible wall in the way and could not exit backward either.At this point it was becoming frustrating so I uninstalled the game & reinstalled it again and for at least 6 times restarted with still being stuck by invisible walls and delayed sound issues.So I have to say NO for the time being as I have no other option given by steam.N.B. As stated above I have no issues with the game as a whole and am not encouraging others not to buy it."
76561198044950489,Not Recommended,514900,34635068,Posted: 31 August,all,Walter White.,GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH GLITCH
,Recommended,514900,34272972,Posted: 16 August,all,TortueMan,Realy good
,Not Recommended,514900,34344142,Posted: 18 August,all,GIJED,"Absolutely migraine inducing, barely interactive walking simulator."
76561198059427186,Not Recommended,514900,35106705,Posted: 21 September,all,mikko.dahlbom,Too much weird♥♥♥♥♥♥puzzles to be interesting.
,Not Recommended,514900,34452321,Posted: 23 August,all,bohunk9,"Poorly written dialogue and painfully slow movement. Combined with cheap jump scare tactics, this game is not worth it even with the 20% off. I played for 116 minutes to really see if it would get better, but it just didn't."
76561198047953186,Not Recommended,514900,34640361,Posted: 31 August,all,wolverine,this game sucked i don't reccomend playing it
76561198030570438,Not Recommended,514900,34280433,Posted: 16 August,all,ringod123,"I love Cyberpunk, Blade Runner, and Rutger Hauer's performance in Blade Runner just as much as the next 30-something sci fi fan. I was however, left rather disappointed by Observer.A large and freightening cyberpunk world ends up being a single appartment block building that for the most part you are locked in to, meaning there is no cyberpunk world to explore, just a delapidated appartment building set in the slums of a dystopian cyberpunk world you will never see. I played 2 hours, there was a single ""scare"" in that whole time, this is more walking simulator than amnesia/layers of fear, which in itself is not a bad thing, until your stuck in a rather small appartment building for the whole/vast majority of the game.I came across a single other NPC in my 2 hours play, every other interaction with a person in this world was through their locked door (feels a lot like the nonsensical lockdown (every door locked by authorities apart from the ""empty"" ones you need to go in) was made part of the story so they didnt have to design multiple NPC you would only ever talk to once), using a small ""monitor"" that displayed 10-20 still jpg's of the inhabitant.Unfortunately, for the most part Rutger Hauer sounds very uninterested and flat with most of his dialogue deliverance, almost like he was given the lines to say but not given any context. It's possible this is on purpose, to try and get across his disconnect from human emotions, but it didnt help me stop feeling like his delivery was very flat for the most part.The average frame rate on a pretty decent system (I7 4820 @ 4ghz, dual 980's etc) was bearable even only at 1080p, but the 2 scan modes (bio and tech) tanked the frame rate every time they were turned on, as well as mousing over any object that can be scanned by either scanner, making the game feel very jerky and sluggish, turning down all graphics options did nothing to alleviate this stutter.Lastly, the mind-hacking, in my opinion this was by far the worst part of the game. Be put into an escher-like dream scenario where corridors change every time you turn around, leaving a room leads you straight back into it from another door etc. Not a bad little idea at the heart of it, but it feels like the dev's needed to make the game longer so they decided to make these sequences about 4 times longer than what they should have been, making them really tedious, add to this that these sequences just feel like they are mainly there to show off some cool effects they have come up and I was left just wanting these sequences to end as soon as possible.Not what I thought/hoped it would be and not enough to get me to continue on and complete it."
76561198024329605,Not Recommended,514900,34349732,Posted: 19 August,all,TUmaDO,"unresponsive controls,heavy use of  chromatic aberration,lack of 21: 9 aspect ratio,bugs ( a lot) and random texture flikering,in trems of visuals it feels worst.il be waiting until it gets 21:9 suport until then my review stays negative"
,Not Recommended,514900,34425109,Posted: 22 August,all,Your new girlfriend,Had different expectations for the game
76561198032534896,Not Recommended,514900,34299616,Posted: 16 August,all,WILLJLOVE,The Optimization on this game is terrible. I have two TItan x pascals running tway SLI and I Still get barely 30FPS in 4k. I even tried on one graphics card and its the dam same.
,Not Recommended,514900,34269550,Posted: 15 August,all,Yarmazar,"Unnecessary long cut scenes, cut scene after cut scene. Same ""Layers of fear"" tricks (not working anymore). Flat jumpscares. If you have time to waste ""buy"" it. If you dont like walking sim with boring cutscenes and reflection levels which make you vomit ""dont BUY it""."
76561198015619333,Not Recommended,514900,35142341,Posted: 22 September,all,Wolfeyez,So stupid. Quit the game after 15 seconds of listening to the stupid radio in the car. Deleted.
,Not Recommended,514900,34262933,Posted: 15 August,all,d0x360,"PC Specs at bottom.., playtime info in IN THE REVIEWNeeds some hefty performance optimizing.  Its also a very short game full of jump scares...think layers of fear but cyberpunk and you have this game.  I have about 2 hours into a friends copy, im waiting for a patch before i play anymore/decide whether or not to keep it.  Gameplay wise there isnt much too it.  Most of the budget seems to have gone to Rutger Hauer and his voice workId wait for a sale personally.Now for my ""Garbage specs"" because im a ""moron"" with a ""toaster""i7 5820k (6 cores @ 4.8ghz, also tested with NO overclock)32 gigs DDR4 running Quad ChannelGTX 1080 FE (tested with major overclock and no overclock)Windows installed on its own Intel NVME PCIE SSD]Game installed on game dedicated Samsung 850 EVO PCIE SSDLast time there was a fresh install of Windows 10 (with all updates, including firmware and drivers) was 2 weeks prior to this review.  This PC is used ONLY for gaming and has nothing but Windows, Steam & games from Steam installed.Game tested with latest nvidia drivers as well as the prior version of the drivers.  NO OTHER GAME has abnormal performance issues.  For example I played TitanFall 2 yesterday fully maxed at 4k60.That is why I think this game needs some optimization work done.  I can run better looking games at higher resolution and frame rate than I can this.  I attribute these issues to the games major reliance on alpha effects and minimal ability to modify settings."
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,514900,34299020,Posted: 16 August,all,BM10X,"Sorry, this is not a 30$ game.  The Hour i played was filled with Tedium and boring conversation.  Admitedly, the scenes where i was in the victims head was really cool and probably the best part of what i experienced.  Lack luster voice acting, poorly conveyed emotion and a plot as confused as half of the characters in that apartment complex.Overall, it's like they tried to Mesh Bladerunner with Condemned Criminal Origins but got Get Even's ugly cousin.I didn't enjoy the game, at all.Go ahead obligatory 'haven't played the game long enough to judge' comments.  Go Ahead."
76561197982696627,Not Recommended,514900,34267632,Posted: 15 August,all,CyberPunk,"Okay......the game is running perfectly now on my Pc, I guess something was running in the background or something because i could not get it to run very good at all, even with all the restarts i could not get it to run very well. The next day, today the game runs very smooth and perfect for whatever reason.As you can see some ignorant idiots in the comments called my Pc a toaster and trash, which shows how much they know about hardware.However it says  partially controller support, but I can't get it to work properly with an xbox 360 controller....It's a big mess and completely unplayable with an xbox 360 controller.The other thing is, every time I exit the game and go to the desktop, the game restarts by itself every damn time. I have to press Ctrl Alt Delete to close it."
,Not Recommended,514900,34268297,Posted: 15 August,all,SIXGHz,"No ultrawide support and poor optimization, locked at 62 fps for me without vsync running an i7 and 1070. I shouldn't have to manipulate .ini files to get a good experience paid for. I want to like this game, and I want to give the story a shot, but if I wanted just a story, I'd read a book. Might purchase again when its worked out... maybe. Thumbs way down and refund until then."
76561198217134789,Not Recommended,514900,34270024,Posted: 15 August,all,Abdulrahman,No 21:9 😒
,Not Recommended,514900,34263060,Posted: 15 August,all,Conkerkid11,"Rating this a ""no"" until there's a way to change FOV. Currently, there's no FOV slider in the options, and there's no known way to alter FOV from the .ini files.I understand the hate for the review that gave this a thumbs down because it doesn't support 21:9, because most people still use 16:9, but lack of a way to alter FOV in an FPS in 2017 is kind of ridiculous, especially considering the developer's previous game, Layers of Fear, had an FOV slider.Also, the voice actor for the main character seems awful so far."
,Not Recommended,514900,34260173,Posted: 15 August,all,Saint Satan,The developers PROMISED me they were working on an update to support 21:9 resolution.  A MONTH later and STILL no 21:9.Refunded.
76561197987565903,Recommended,514900,34743974,Posted: 4 September,all,Abomination72,"Some call this a walking simulator.I call it a very Impressive audiovisual cyberpunk experience.Although a completely different setting, like Layers of Fear this is again a true piece of art."
76561198013531821,Recommended,514900,34779320,Posted: 6 September,all,cyb4,"This game won't please everyone. You need to have a strong mind to keep on playing, as it plunges you deeper and deeper in its weird, decrepit and bottomless pit of freaking absurdities and nightmares. It's haunting and mesmerising and it will leave you in a different state of mind once you've finished it. I can highly recommend it to anyone who loves a good mindfock, Cyberpunk, and hopeless, frightening and disturbing stories with Noir elements.I love this game!"
,Recommended,514900,34764919,Posted: 5 September,all,♰ｚｅｈｎ♱,"Aside the bugs, this games knocks my socks out. A truly great game if your into cyberpuk and atmospheric horror"
,Recommended,514900,34807169,Posted: 7 September,all,Darkfox,"A very unique game. The visuals and atmosphere really pulled me into the world, I tried to explore as much as I could to find out more. There were points in the game where I was saying to myself ""What the hell is going on? This is crazy!"" in a good way. Definitely a mind trip to experience."
,Recommended,514900,34855799,Posted: 10 September,all,Guanjyn,"Good game, but would have been better without the parts where you plug into people IMO."
76561198021179998,Recommended,514900,34872469,Posted: 10 September,all,Illusive,"The atmosphere of this game and the overall story was very reminisent of Bladerunner combined with Jacobs Ladder, It was Immersive if not quite nerve wracking at time once you get really into the game, for anyone who's a fan of Cyberpunk and Psycological type horrors I highly reccomend it,My only complaint is that the few times you can get a game over-screen somewhat ruin the game in my opinion, the game would be much stronger if there was no fail-state due to the ""Monsters"" in certain segmets,"
76561197972865319,Recommended,514900,34885398,Posted: 11 September,all,msm076,"TLDR: Recommended if you like theatrical detective, sci-fi and/or horror games!A very atmoshperic and intense indie game with an interesting story (with plot twists and suprises aplenty) and some cool gameplay elements. Except for a few annoying instances of ""instafail"" sequences, I really enjoyed it. Mostly great graphics, a loot of clool effects, excellent sound and solid voice acting. A lot of content too for the price!"
76561198064147345,Recommended,514900,34891378,Posted: 11 September,all,Zanoit,Well i enjoyed layers of fear so much i had to give this one a shot.so far im enjoying it is a bit slow in the beginning but it does seem very well put together so far.here is a little bit from the beginning of the gamehttps://youtu.be/bO1GsWPxpIk
,Recommended,514900,34358983,Posted: 19 August,all,zombie-flesheater,"If just reading ""Blade Runner"", ""Snatcher"", ""Cyberpunk"" or ""Layers of Fear"" already gives you goosebumps, skip reading this review, buy the game and play it RIGHT NOW!For everybody else, Observer is an extremely atmospheric and unsettling Cyberpunk-Horror-Detective-Game from the creators of Layers of Fear, a rare mix and something that really stands out.Plot:Daniel Lazarski (voiced and portrayed by no other than Rutger Hauer himself!) is an Observer, a member of a special police unit tasked with ""hacking"" people's minds. Things take a turn for the worse when he gets a call from his enstranged son and it doesn't take long until he not only has to solve a murder case, but also has to fight for his own life and sanity.Gameplay:Calling it a walking simulator wouldn't do the game justice, since you also get to do a lot of investigating, following leads and talking to people (mostly via their door's video screen). There is no shooting and the game is rather slow paced and atmospheric, but thera are a couple of stealth / chase sequences to spice things up a little. Mind you, those are few and far between, so don't expect anything like Outlast or Amnesia etc.Apart from doing detective work in the real world, you also happen to hack people's minds and that's where things get really interesting... and crazy! Anything can happen and you never know what comes up next. What might seem like a harmless memory can quickly turn into a nightmare from hell. If you've already played Layers of Fear, you'll probably know what you can expect (if not, go play it if you like horror games!), and Observer even gets a little bit weirder. There are also a couple of very effective jumpscares, but those have been toned down compared to Layers of Fear. Maybe a hand full, placed sparingly over the course of the game and you definitely won't expect them when they happen.There are also a couple of (optional) side objectives which may or may not be linked to the main story and it's up to you to tackle them or not. Usually, you'll get something out of it, worth the time for doing them, but you can skip them entirely as well. You'll even be faced with making a couple of choices throughout the game, which may or may not be black and white sometimes, which also adds some replay value to the game.Compared to Layers of Fear, the gameplay and interactivity certainly have been improved on, you will be doing a lot more than just walking around, opening cupboards and reading letters.Music & SoundGreat! You can expect a twisted version of something similar to the Blade Runner score, as well as great voicework and unsettling sound effects (use headphones if you can!). The game makes great use of audio throughout, the music will soothe or rush you at the appropiate moments and you'll be hearing lots of different (and creepy) sound effects, sometimes even before you see what's causing them.Of course Rutger Hauer's top notch voicework deserves to be mentioned as well, as you'll be hearing his sometimes sarcastic, sometimes exhausted voice throughout the game and it fits perfectly! That's not to say that the other voice actors wouldn't be just as great (they are!), but it's Rutger Hauer!GraphicsThe Slums of Cyberpunk Washaw have a very own feel, crafted beautifully in a disturbing way. The same goes for characters and the environment inside rooms.No room will look remotely the same and it's exciting to search through everything, and get immersed in a believable and detailed world. From clean to outright disgusting apartments, a tattoo shop and a few other locations, everything looks how it should look, with an enourmous attention to detail. It gets downright insane when you hack into people's minds, not only can you never tell where you'll end up exactly (hint: usually somewhere dark and disturbing... very dark and extremely disturbing!), locations might change themselves or switch in the blink of an eye and without wanting to spoil anything... you will certainly be surprised about some of the locations you'll end up in!As you can probably tell, I really loved about everything about Observer, from the setting up until the execution and the audiovisual presentation. If you're even the slightest interested in horror games and / or cyberpunk, do yourself a favour and get the game. You'll probably spend 6-8 hours with the game, depending on how thoroughly you search everything. It might not seem like much, but it's quality time without redundant and repetitive fetch-quests etc, Every moment will have its impact and meaning and the game is almost entirely one worthwhile setpiece after another, soaking with great atmosphere and a sense of dread throughout. Just don't expect a fast paced action slaughterfest, apart from not more than a hand full of chase and stealth sequences, Observer is rather slow paced and very unsettling throughout and it's more about the story, mood and atmosphere than quick reflexes and skills.There are even a few small references along the way. Those include (but probably aren't limited to) Snatcher, Blade Runner (well, of course!), Layers of Fear, P.T. (the cancelled Silent Hills project) and even Cronenberg's Videodrome (""Long live the new flesh!""). But those reverences aren't obstrusive or gimmicky (some of you might remember Fallout 2, for instance) and never interfere with the gameplay. Either you get them or you don't, but you won't be wondering what this or that is supposed to mean, taking you out of the immersion.As there are multiple endings, i started another run right after i finished the game for the first time - not something I'd usually do, so it only speaks for the game itself. Personally, the performance was great (1080Ti) and I didn't encounter any bugs on both runs. However, other people have indeed reported various bugs which may or may not happen on a playthrough, some of them even gamebreatking as there is just one autosave, However, I expect those issues to be patched so everybody will hopefully be able to have such a flawless and immersing expierience as myself."
76561198009327614,Recommended,514900,34401606,Posted: 21 August,all,Da Monstar,"Very nice story game.Was a little bored for the first hour or two, the plot seemed forced and the mechanics a little boring. After that it was pure enjoyment.As mentioned a great story, that concludes with every little useless info gathered, being tied together in a great ending which gives sense to all the weird and disturbed images and fractured stories of the different individuals."
,Recommended,514900,34318482,Posted: 17 August,all,ghostroid,"It's easy to say that Bloober is very much on top of their game in their unique style of games. Very beatiful and trippy visuals and interesting storyline in an interesting cyber punk type world. Definitely should play, especially if you were a fan of Layers of Fear!"
,Recommended,514900,34326057,Posted: 18 August,all,The Outspoken Scotsman,"Loved this game.Cyberpunk is experiencing somewhat of a revival and it's great.The atmosphere is gritty, there are holograms everywhere, a megacorp that controls every aspect of a C-class citizen's life, there are no swanky smooth augmentations, and the graphical glitches make it seem like you are viewing the world through some cheap prosthetic that is barely compatible with you.If you are hyped for: System Shock (remake), System Shock 3, Cyberpunk 2077, or any other upcoming cyberpunk game then this is for you.Pros-CYBERPUNK!!!-Gritty mechanical augmentations-Gene-splicing-A distopic megacorperation-Brain diving-Briliant atmosphereCons-The gameplay could be better"
,Recommended,514900,34317422,Posted: 17 August,all,Bosh,"It's... alright. I really feel very middle of the road on this one, but I'm giving it a thumbs up because effort definetely went into making it and I rather enjoyed it despite its flaws.I really enjoyed the overall visual style and the dystopian world the game presents you with, as well as the trippy cyberpunk landscapes you go to when hacking into mad people's brains. It also has great atmosphere; despite never really feeling like I was ever in any immediate danger there was still a great sense of unease throughout the entire game, which only gets stronger as the game progresses.One of my biggest complaints with the game is the whole ""item finding"" gimmick. There were multiple times where I didn't know what to do or where to go just because of some tiny object hiding in the corner or blending in perfectly with the scenery, even early game. I'd say at least an hour in total was spent trying to find objects that were needed to progress through the game. And while the game has good atmosphere, it also relies quite heavily on gimmicky jumpscares, which is always boring.At certain parts of the game you encounter a monster which you must hide from, but doing so is either incredibly easy or outright frustrating; the game simple doesn't have the right feel for it. Also, I don't think I was ever actually scared. Uneasy and cautious, sure, but not scared.Oh, and the game's only about 6 hours long. Go figure."
76561197961632157,Recommended,514900,34332106,Posted: 18 August,all,Gula,"2.5 hours in and I had to stop to go to sleep, but even in my dreams, I could not stop thinking about this game. The world and story are great places to get lost within, and the high concept cyberpunk tones are exactly what my heart desires.You are a detective, you sleuth your way through some linear puzzles, there are interesting seemingly branching conversations with people who live in this world. There are things to see and lore to read in to. Its a GREAT experience.If I could score this game, I'd give it a SOLID 8.5/10, What it lacks in gameplay, it makes up for in atmosphere and immersion. Its a pretty game to look at, with a great presentation. If you were worried that this would be an ""indie game"" with sloppy geo and bugs, fear not, this game is pretty flawless in that respect.At $30 USD, its slightly rich. I feel like the moment you see this go on sale, do NOT skip it. If you enjoy cyberpunk, then perhaps a full retail price is a bargain for you. This game should be considered the pinnacle of cyberpunk achievement. I just wish we had more things in this genre."
,Recommended,514900,34340644,Posted: 18 August,all,Aldo.Calrissian,"As short as this game is, it is a very satisfying experience. I barely knew what to expect and I think any new player should go into it with the same perspective. I want to play through it a second time before I write more on it, but I wanted to give this recommendation because this fantastic piece of cyberpunk art needs more reviews!"
76561198084887758,Recommended,514900,34340674,Posted: 18 August,all,Do Furries Dream of Lizard Dicks,"I do not normally write reviews for games, but holy crap this game is worth it.This game is the most refreshing horror experience I have played in a llloooooooooooong time. This game ignores the basic clichés of modern day horror there are only two times in the game that there was a ""jump scare"" and the mechanics work beautifully well combing aspects of condemned and the dark decent in a world that would make night dive studios (creator of the system shock franchise) have a wet dream. Even when you’re playing the story you are going to think of the basic tropes of person X committed the crime at the start of the game. Admittedly you will figure part of it out before the final encounter but not all of it leaving a nice twist in the end. The entire game wasn’t filled with straight up attempts at horror which leaves it predictable and bland which was really nice. There is a monster used in the game which you will have to contend to approximately halfway through the game the first encounter is annoying but the monster only shows up 3 times 2 of those times are near the end game. For the content to price ratio, for myself I would pay a lot more than the $15 it takes to purchase this title my first play though was 6 hours and I did rush through some parts so I will probably go back and replay it for the death cards and for the additional lore behind the brilliantly ♥♥♥♥ed up world that is >observer_.In point value and without a doubt10/10buy this game if you like horror and the games where the devs that want to make a brand-new experience"
,Recommended,514900,34398130,Posted: 21 August,all,šþØÕk¥,The trippiest thing i have ever played.
76561198047774522,Recommended,514900,34398263,Posted: 21 August,all,Spataar,"Simply amazing game. It hit all the notes for me. Graphics, game play, narrative, atmosphere etc. Strongly recommended!!"
76561198159665250,Recommended,514900,34349579,Posted: 19 August,all,ErikWulf,">observer_ ReviewBefore I give my opinion, let me just get the most important things about the game out of the way:Story, Gameplay, Graphics and Atmosphere, since it will be important to understand these and make your own opinion, before you hear my bias thoughts on this game.StoryYou play Daniel Lazarski, a police detective of the KPD (Krakow Police department) in the year 2082, when the world has become digital beyond belief and artificial implants are a thing almost everyone has to different degrees.But you aren't just some detective, you are a Observer, a special kind of Investigator used for Interrogations whose implants (more specifically the ""dreameater"", a special arm prothesis) allow him to connect, and effectively invade, other peoples minds and memories via their neural ID implants.At the beginnig of the game you are suddenly contacted by your son Adam, with whom you very apparently share a complicated history, and therefore decide to find him.You are able to track Adams call into a Class C (lowest class of the new society) building and promptly follow this lead.WARNING!If you want to experience >observer_ blindly, you should not read on, because there WILL be spoilers, a lot of them. You have been warned.Mild spoilers (only beginning of the game)Once you find out in wich of the run-down apartments Adam stayed in, you discover a bloody and headless corpse, the first of many. Did I mention that you are now stuck in this building,because a Lockdown was triggered for unkown reasons? Although it seems like your search is over and Adam is dead, Lazarski still has hope that it isn't the long lost son and you promptly follow the next lead, a call from a misterios ""HN"".There are only two people with the initials HN in the building, and after one turns out to be a dead end, you set out after the other one, a certain Helena Nowak. Whne you enter her apartment all you find is her husn´band, torn to shreds,but still alive.After a ""delightful"" trip into this mans mind you find out that he was attacked by some kind of Wolfman that appears to be the same thing that killed Adam, but his wife escaped, so hope isn't dead yet!Medium Spoilers (now we go to the background of all this!)Once you arrive at the Tattoo parlor, you find...another Corpse, Helena this time. Now Daniel decides to connect to her mind, although she is dead, and therefore he technically isn't allowed to do this. After a short while in her mind you are confronted with the only enemy on the game:a weird security....thing, it's honestly not that hard to get around. You also find out that yes, Helena did work with Adam,stealing some kind of data from the company, in wich Adam used to work, Chiron inc.once you are done with this trip, you find the Parlors ""chop-shop"", a room in wich he operated on patients with illegal implants, and once again you become stuck, due to the wolfman destroying the entrance.Once you get out and find a way out of the buildings basement, you go on to find out what happened to Jack, the wannabe-surgeon and owner of the Tattoo parlor.SURPRISE! he's dead. But now you have a trace of the wolfmans blood and follow him to the attic...Major spoilers (including hints towards endings)Once you are in the attic you are attacked by the wolfman and you both fall into the generator room.You survive the fall, but the wolfman is dead, so OF COURSE oyu go into his mind.After all that you restore the power, that was deactivated by the wolfmans body, and find his lair.In his lair, there is a head, the head of the first victim...you take the cloth, that is obscuring the heads features away and......it's Adam. He really is dead afterall, all this was for noth- but wait, Adam calls you and tells you that the head isn't really him! With newfound hope (and confusion) you make your way into the ""sanctuary"", a VR hotspot, where you finally meet Adam.But the twist is, he managed to transfer his own mind, his character into data and was actually the one, who send the wolfman to kill all those people, including his ""inferior"" self.But he is in grave danger, since Chiron has dispatched a virus to destroy him.Since this is all that is left of your only son, you decide to help him, but after some time, you are forced by Adam to make a final decision....NotesNow some of you have noticed that I didn't talk about the Mind-Invasion Sequences or the Endings, that is because the characters are all komplex and well developed, and it would be best if you experience their stories on your own.And the Endings....well, you should experience those yourself as wel, let's just say that there is no perfect ending where erverything is all right.GameplayNot much to say here, it is what some call a ""walking simulator"" that relies on observing (pun intendet) your surroundings and interacting with them. there are some specials visions, the bio- and electromagnetic vision, both kinda work like batmans detective mode, but not quite as magical or perfect.Other than that, you cannot fight, whenever something is out to kill you, you have to hide and sneak around it.There are also collectibles, a lot of them in fact and several side-""missions"" you can do.The game is not very long, if you really rush trough it, it will barely last 4 hours!Atmosphere & GraphicsAs expected by the team behind Layers of fear, the graphics are amazing, very detailed and fit together to create the atmosphere of a majorly messed up dystopian future, absolutely perfect for any fan of noir-style detective stories.But it is not necessarily scary.My opinion (finally)In my Opinion, >observer_ is a great game, with a perfect atmosphere, creepy at times, but mostly enigmatic and mysterious.But, of course, it has flaws.The playtime is rather short for a 30$ game, but what you get in those few hours is truly well thuoght out and well presented.There is also the annoying motion blur effect when you don't take your medicin, wich goes from slightly annoying to straight up nauseating! But there is honestly enough medicin around, so you don't have to die by motion blur.One thing I really..REALLY enjoyed were the characters and the voiceacting, since the voiceactors really do a amazing job at bringing the characters with all their flaws to life, wic h makes it so much more enjoyable to find out more about them.Although the story might be regarded by some as unoriginal with the underlying problems between father & child being similar to LoF, I think it fits the setting and is told in a interesting and unique way!TL;DR:>observer_ is definitely worth the buy if you like cyberpunk games, detective stories and just the slightest bit of horror and amazing atmosphere thrown into the mix for good measure!"
,Recommended,514900,34343355,Posted: 18 August,all,Interzon,I thought Observer was a pretty awesome game in a lot of ways it took me about 8 hours too beat since I was doing whatever optional stuff came along the way so if you just do the main story this game it might be short but I highly recommend you do all of the opional things since they all are pretty interesting stuff to do and just makes it a more complete experiance in my opinion since you get to learn backstory and other things for some of the charactors in this story.As far as the main story is I would say it is pretty interesting since it is not really a normal way of doing story telling I dont want to spoil anything as I would rather people find out about it them selves but i can say it does a bit of visual story telling which I found quite enjoyable.As far as the visuals go the game looks really good and ran for the most part pretty well I have a gtx 980 and the overall experiance felt pretty fluid to me while I ways playing on the highest visual settings I did not check what my fps was on it but aside from frame drops here and there it felt pretty fluid at the pace the game takes you. How they do sounds in this game make it really immersive in my opinion since when ever I played this game it felt like I had played it for longer then I actually had which I thought was awesome.I don't really know what else to say since I am not the best at doing reviews but I wanted to write one since I think this game is really awesome and deserves it and I think people might enjoy it if they are a fan of horror games or cyberpunk stuff since there is not really many games out right now that have both.
76561197970689731,Recommended,514900,34362376,Posted: 19 August,all,rambozambo,Don't know what the f just happened.Buy this game. Twice. Don't forget to get a copy for each family member.666/10
76561198083188763,Recommended,514900,34389048,Posted: 20 August,all,ToughKity,"This was SUCH a great game. Loved the little bits that immersed you into the gameplay. The fact that it felt a litte, ""Blade Runner,"" meets, ""Trancendence,"" was beatiful! Worth the time to play it."
,Recommended,514900,34384299,Posted: 20 August,all,RetroMetal,"This game is very nicely made, However there are some game beaking bugs that need to be ironed out.Twice I've ""fallen"" through the environment and was stuck just freefalling in blackness away from the ""room"" I was just in.  At first I had to let it happen for a few minutes because with the way the gameplay developed I wasn't quite sure if the game actually meant for me to do that.  But after reloading and playing through the area again I knew it was a bug.  The second time it happened was right around the time I found you could actually die.  I'm not going to put spoilers here but, at one point in the game the game makes a pretty drastic change to the activity you are engaged in and it happened again during that.  Needless to say it was frustrating to happen at that moment, so I decided to come here and write about it.Other than the bugs, it's a great game!"
76561198006970505,Recommended,514900,34397621,Posted: 21 August,all,Juerg,"The game and I had a rough start. In my first playthrough I hit a bug after more than four hours, which forced me to start the game from the beginning. In my second playthrough during an intense stealth section I fell through the floor of the game world (yay). Despite the games deficient QA, the story and world where so captivating, that I needed to continue playing.Observer is a visually compelling game with a great story. It will keep you on the edge of your seat. Yes, it’s short and has, outside the collectibles and the other final decision, little replay value. Never the less if you take time your time and immerse yourself in the world of Dan Lazarski, the first playthrough will be an experience you’ll not forget anytime soon."
,Recommended,514900,34408839,Posted: 21 August,all,OneArmedBoxer,"Most games these days don't keep my attention attention the whole way through. I usually end up bouncing back and forth between a few different games at a time, and progressing in each of them bit by bit. But when I started playing Observer, it was the only game I was interested in playing until I completed it.﻿"
,Recommended,514900,34403129,Posted: 21 August,all,aJBo,"This game freaked me out on so many levels I dont know where to start.The atmosphere is spot on.Everything is brilliant, Maybe do some minor tweaking to the controllers when opening dorrs and other things can be a bit pain in the a** sometimes but you get used to it.Wow just wow..."
76561197970582977,Recommended,514900,34413767,Posted: 22 August,all,Marcel,"""Observer"" must be the most athmospheric and immersive game I've played in a loooong time. This game really hit me hard. If you're into cyberpunk and like exploration heavy games you need to play it!💽...who doesn't want to play Rutger Hauer..."
,Recommended,514900,34417530,Posted: 22 August,all,igagfssgfii,I guess that's how an interactive Philip K.♥♥♥♥♥♥short story should look like.
,Recommended,514900,34272656,Posted: 16 August,all,Vik_king1,After playing this game at the first part looking for who and what happened in apartment 7. I got frustrated looking around. Maybe a detective game like this one was not for me. But The old school look of the computer into a futuristic look was great. It almost looked like  Back to the Future Movie... But over all I would suggest this game for those who likes investigating and looking around.
,Recommended,514900,34620654,Posted: 30 August,all,Dapper Tardigrade,"Observer is a story exploration cyberpunk horror game.  Think Gone Home meets Blade Runner, Snatcher, and of course Layers of Fear (the developer's previous title).  It is, however, FAR better than Layers in every way.The attention to detail here blew me away; even in the most insignificant scenes that you'll speed through in seconds, you'll still find plenty of interesting things to look at.  The designers are on another level here--they've really created a believable world for you to immerse yourself in.  They've also nailed the pacing where Layers lacked.  There were so many jump scares in LoF that you began to expect them around every corner.  Here, you never know when they'll hit you and the impact is far greater.And good god, does s**t get weird.  One of the most bizarre video game trips I've ever experienced.  The more you play, and the further you get, the more horrific things you will encounter.  I jumped more than a couple times in my seat.  The whole game is like a nightmare--environments can change in a split second.  It's hard to discern what's real, and you see plenty of things that just don't make any sense.Love that they got Rutger Hauer (who played Roy Batty in Blade Runner) to do the voice of the main character.  His rough voice is perfect for the character, and refreshing because we rarely get to play as an older protagonist in video games.  The other voices are pretty hit or miss.  But even at their worst, they never detract from the immersion.  Sound design is right up there with the visuals in terms of quality.  Excellent stuff.It's also a pretty long game for its genre.  I took my time with it and got over 10 hours of playtime.  You can expect more hours if you try to collect everything and experience each of the game's multiple endings.  All in all, at $30 (and cheaper if you own Layers of Fear), it's a steal for one of the best cyberpunk games I've played in a good long while.  Can't wait to see what these talented developers come up with next."
76561197994126975,Recommended,514900,34631123,Posted: 31 August,all,andypcollier,"An experience that I won't forget, more like a cyberpunk ghost ride. I loved the emersive world and didn't want to leave. I had no idea what was going on half the time but I recommend that you just take your time and enjoy the journey."
76561198074296928,Recommended,514900,34714097,Posted: 3 September,all,animadcay,"So.. I was so insanely hyped for this game. The demo impressed me a lot.The beginning of the game and first memory were amazing, interaction with tenants is a cool feature too and stumbling upon unexpected side quests. Then it got worse: second memory was already a mess with so much glitching going on it wasn't clear what was going on. It got worse and worse and at some point just boring.A brilliant concept wasn't made to its full potential, which is such a shame. In any case, it is still a good game and I would recommend it nevetheless."
,Recommended,514900,34723526,Posted: 3 September,all,Huntclue,"Reminded me alot of a sci-fi Condemned: Criminal Origins. Really enjoyed it, hopefully it isnt ruined by a bad sequel."
76561198034934047,Recommended,514900,34817855,Posted: 8 September,all,Chris Deckard,"I am going to put this as a recommended, as long as it's on sale, or you are a fan of cyberpunk, story driven games.This game is beautiful, interesting and has one of the most complex and stunning visual representations of utter psychosis when going through the Dream Eater sequences; beyond these frail outer layers lies a mediocre and flat gaming experience. I love the Bladerunner, neo-noir, cyberpunk style themes and I wanted to find this game exemplary but there is little in the way to motivate me to utter more than just ""meh."" I personally found more than one game breaking bug, and I've read that other people experienced some that I didn't--the game is eight hours long, that's unacceptable. There are FPS sinkholes in some areas and some very real issues with the writing in more than a handful of cases. The investigative bits of the game are unfortunately, boring and exist solely as an added mild flavor enhancer. The game is similar in style to Layers Of Fear, another game by Bloober Team, and the same issues that inherited that title, come back for a second round here. Both of these games are beautifully crafted, interesting, and atmospherically excellent.The convoluted story is very unintentionally complex in a few areas, and I doubt it's for the lack of creating a story for the player to ""uncover."" There are some very interesting and complex visuals going on here through the use of shifting realities and lighting during the Dream Eating, great story-telling and lore.I wanted to love this game, more than anything, but all I can praise is it's atmosphere and heart, the game just stuggles mechanically.If you want to watch my Video Review of the game where I go more in-depth, you can find it on my YouTube channel, link to specific video below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gf-Oh3WYh4"
,Recommended,514900,34822018,Posted: 8 September,all,DubaigoUmejuarez,"I'd give it a million out of ten if I could. An absolute audio visual assault on your senses that picks you up and punches you repeatedly in the brain from beginning to end. Yeah it's walky and talky but if you want ceaseless action go play Call of Duty, this is sci-fi/cyberpunk storytelling at it's very very best. Suspenseful, stylish, allegorical, beautifully disgusting. If you don't love this game, put simply, you don't understand it"
,Recommended,514900,34928414,Posted: 13 September,all,PestilenZ,"In the future of body mods where only the pure ones are safe from the nanophage an Observer, is caught in the chain of grim events. The unique blend of Bladerunner-esque world and techno-horror will haunt you in every corner of the grim corridors, making sure you doubt what you see and force you to fear the shadows. What is it that's leaving a trail of death and is beginning to haunt you too? What can you do when it's already inside your head?The easter eggs and mini games are nice, I thoroughly enjoyed them. Some of the mechanics are familiar, as they were probably re-used from Layers of Fear, which is just smart dev recycling. The environment and assets are great, everything was thought through in terms of the layout. I havent actually encountered any bugs while playing, thankfully. I thoroughly enjoyed this game, as it was clearly made by people who care about their product and audience."
,Recommended,514900,34928432,Posted: 13 September,all,Non-zerø-sum,Layers of Fear meets Blade Runner.
76561197999230480,Recommended,514900,34939758,Posted: 13 September,all,R3dtail,"This game has been described, often mockingly, as ""David Cronenberg's Bladerunner"". They're not wrong, though I use the description more affectionately, myself.As far as tone and aesthetic go, the game is very dark, very dystopian-cyberpunk. Beautifully rendered, beautifully designed and thought-out. I could do with more backstory/lore kinda stuff myself, but maybe less is more with a thing like this.Gameplay is occasionally a little disjointed, and there are a few instances where the game can't seem to decide exactly which type of game it is. There are a couple of cheap jumpscares involving pigeons, but beyond that, the horror is generally psychological rather than startling or shocking, relyting on the sense of dread coming from the uncanny valley and forcing you to question strange little details for their validity.The game does not hold your hand beyond the bare minimum, but generally does a good job of leaving clues in places you'll natuyrally find them. Not terribly challenging, but good enough that it'll engage you without frustrating you if you're not much of a natural detective. The detective sequences are a little rough, but the mechanic works out well enough not to be entirely distracting.GOOD --Awesomely atmospheric, strongly reminiscent of 1980's standardbearers such as Bladerunner or Robocop-Mostly good voice acting (Rutger Hauer was an inspired choice, though some of the extras are a little unconvincing)-Generally good psychological horrorBAD --A few cheap scares detract from the overall feeling-A few of the dream sequences feel a bit drawn-out-Easy to lose track of objectives if you put the game down for a while-Quite short with little replay valueOTHER CONSIDERATIONS --Strange pacing,  definitely not for those craving a fast-paced adventure-Occasional minor bugs, can generally be fixed by reloading . Not usually an issue because of how frequently the game autosaves.FINAL VERDICT --This game belongs in the library of any gamer who appreciates strange and artsy sci-fi titles. It is far from perfect and is relatively short, but is very polished for an indie title of its type and offers a decent experience at its normal price. If you enjoyed SOMA, it's worth full purchase price. If you are on the fence about psychological thrillers and weird horror, maybe wait for a sale."
,Recommended,514900,34910148,Posted: 12 September,all,Dr. Mr. 🇻🇮🇩🇪🇴 🇬🇦🇲🇪🇸,"If you liked Layers of Fear, you'll probably like this game.  It improves upon all aspects of its predecessor.That said, I found the main plotline to be relatively thin, Rutger Hauer's performance really hit-or-miss, and the overall length and pacing to be a bit problematic.Overall though, I enjoyed my time with Observer.  It's really weird, sometimes to its own detriment, but the kind weird that can really only work for a video game."
76561198357855635,Recommended,514900,34904116,Posted: 12 September,all,Kara of Krypton,Any fans of Layers of Fear will love this one!
76561198086435719,Recommended,514900,34445066,Posted: 23 August,all,The Hindu Atheist,"Extremely good cyberpunk game killed by Cyber Bugs .If you encounter a bug ,you can kiss you save file goodbye ,as there is no checkpoint so you gotta restart the game .Well te story makes up for it ."
76561198126417780,Recommended,514900,35453026,Posted: 3 October,all,Max Critical,Pretty good game! Surprise ending! The only thing is the leight...a bit short for my taste but still great game! Recommend it!
,Recommended,514900,35484866,Posted: 4 October,all,HALLEBOOYAH,Amazing narrative game. Lots of little things and places to check out and miss. I was continually torn between wanting to progress the main story and all sorts of small distractions to investigate along the way.Also Cyberpunk af.Game gets an A- from me; great experience.
,Recommended,514900,35493021,Posted: 5 October,all,vadbioman,Amazing!
