user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,516750,26281073,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Icemanzr,"In my years ive spent time working on cars. I know enough about them to pretty much know how to put one together so i figured this wouldnt be too bad.Part 1: What a peice of junk.There strewn about me was dozens of engine parts all along the shelfing. I recognize many of them and i think to myself hey, this wont be too bad.2 hours go by.Part 2: Fear and loathing in finland.I knew nothing. All of the stress. All of the hair pulling frustration and gut wrenching heartake of wasted time is encapsulated perfectly by this game. That point in your project where youre so keyed up you have to just walk away and go to town for a drink at the pub. Its all there. Its the most realistic simulation of a project car that ive ever seen.Part 3: My moment of glory.After 7 hours of toiling. Putting the engine together. Finding a part i missed. Taking it back apart. All of the constant pain and suffering. I finnally lower the engine and transmission into the car body. I find all the linkages and hoses and connect everything. I put in oil. I put in coolant. I put in what little gasoline i have. Not time to hook up the driveshafts yet. i must test the engine. I jump into my bare body car. Id only bothered to put in the basics things. The seat. The shifter. The steering wheel. Id assembled the wheels and such of course. The only missing basic necessity was the driveshafts and probably the exaust pipe. Wasent needed for a test run though. I lean to the right. I hit the ignition. It turns. Turns. Turns. IT HAS STARTED. THE ENGINE HAS STARTED. It sounds horrible. Its missing. Its stuttering. But it RUNS!!!Part 4 Why does this always happen to me.I hear what can... only be described as a slight cluck. The engine stalled. I suppose it had run out of fuel. I look and it had. I try to put some more in and do so. I get back in to start it up. Tickticktick. Its not turning over. I get out and look at it. Then down in the pit over which id parked i notice something. a small part...The starter had fallen out.I recommend my summer car to anyone that has ever worked on a car before. Also to anyone who thinks they know everything about how cars work. Is it 100% full on accurte in every respect? No. I dont think any game can be. But its the closest thing to actually working on a car that ive ever encountered.I now have to pull the engine back out of the car and try to get the starter back on while figuring out what went wrong in the first place. Some projects never end.Oh yeah theres like a survival thing too but i mean. All you have to do is not die like in real life. Some people might find that harder than others.PS: To the creator of this game. If you could somehow make this game or a similar concept in multiplayer i will give you my soul."
,Recommended,516750,32179476,Posted: 4 June,all,Solifermiäs,"A true finnish simulator.Pros:- Cheap fun for a long time- You can assemble and customize iconic Datsun 100A- AI can kill you- Realistic- Official game trailer does not lie to you- Finnish voice acting and excellent subtitles *cough*- Made in Finland- More pros, but not going to write a book about them since i'm trying to keep this rewiew shortCons:- People who complain on Steam forums because they bought this game only because some youtuber played it and now they do not know how to play and want refund."
,Recommended,516750,28115657,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,NegativeGeForce,"1. buddy tells you about this game2. you think about all the last 5 games you took a chance on and put it off3. your buddy keeps mentioning the game4. you have some cash in your steam wallet so you say heck it5. you've put together real life cars so you walk around the garage and the empty shell of a car like it's a bug on the bottom of your shoe6. go have a beer7. go back into the garage with confidence8. 30 min later you finally figure out how to tighten bolts9. drink several more beers10. start listing what you would do to the person that designed a car that uses odd sized fasteners11. more beer12. curse at the bolts that have zero visual reference to the spanner that it needs13. more beer14. your eyes become hazy as you finally drop the motor in late into the night15. eat your pack of sausages and drink yourself to sleep16. wakeup realizing you need food and fluids to get that pile of turds running17. fumble around the van for 15 minutes before you finally get moving18. get on the highway and immediately disregard all law enforcement19. realize where the store is after 3rd time driving by it20. buy the entire store21. you're thirsty af so you have some milk cuz driving under the infuence is bad22. die on the highway by police brutality23. alot of death, beer and sausages later - the car finally starts24. several trips to the store making the brake fluid manufacturer rich cuz it took 10 bottles of brake fluid to figure out you suck at tightening line fittings25. get frustrated with the leaks and overall terrible state of the vehicle you built26. wonder where you went wrong with your life over several beers27. crippling depression hits hard.  you stop cleaning yourself.28. distract yourself from suicidal thoughts by driving around the septic truck and pumping out everyone's crap29. driving into the night realizing your life is nothing but a magnet of turds as the beer bottles clank around the floor of the cab30. wakeup and during your morning♥♥♥♥♥♥you realize people need someone to clean up the turds in life.  You realize you're here on this world for a reason.  That car project is a turd.  You realize it's not your fault.  Turds happen in life.  It's your job to take the turd out of life.  Pump the turds out of the car like you pumped the turds out of those septic tanks you say to yourself.  Yes.  I can do this.31. grab that pile of turd 7mm wrench and start tightening those lines32. fill those fluid reservoirs33. start that car34. put in into reverse.  drive out of the garage for the first time under it's own power.35. it stalls a few times.  thats fine.  start it again.36. pull out on the dirt road.37. heart races as you realize your life has meaning once again.38. the bright sun.  the green grass.  your life has color.  life is amazing.  you smile.  you think about cleaning yourself again.39. you start to turn around to head back to the house.  you're going to start your life again.  everything is different now.40. turned around in the grass and start to pull onto the road.41. hit a big bump and your seat comes loose.  you laugh and say it's fine i can see the road and it drives just fine.42. see your house on the horizon as the seat leans further back43. the seat comes completly loose as you're speeding back home and now you're in the trunk of the car.44. fly out of the trunk and the screen goes bloody as you hit the pavement.45. take a 5 min break to laugh hysterically46. it's fine you disabled permadeath.  you walk back to the car not far from the house.47. the car is all there.  it's fine.  put the seat back in.  pull it back into the garage.  just a flesh wound.48. more fiddling with the car to try getting it to run without stalling all the time.49. realize you started the car for the last time and there is a major problem.50. the feeling of numness and disbelief when you find 3 large holes in the block and missing connecting rod assembly51. the reality of the situation hits you as you walk back to the road and find the broken connecting rod assembly in the middle of the road52. kneel over the connecting rod and cry for a while53. learn that you can't find a replacement block.  all the work was for nothing.54. the world becomes pale again.55. resort to heavy drinking again.56. wakeup and realize life goes on.  there are turds in this world that can't be removed.  they are perma-turds.  all you can do is learn from it and keep going.57. it was soo close.  you felt the wind in your hair and the music of the motor.  you can't give up now.  not when you were right there.58. new game.  new plan.  you're out the door and don't even look at the car.59. you buy the whole store again.  you tell Teimo, the store owner that you started over.  This time it's gonna be better than ever.  He stares back at you without emotion.60. you drive back to the house thinking what does Teimo know anyways.  He's just an old has been.  He never felt that brief moment like I have.  He's dead to me.61. with the car on the forklift to help.  you get the car together in 3 hours this time.  making sure all those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 7mm lines were tight this time.62. heartrate picks up again as the car starts again.  you pull out of the driveway once again.  tragic flashbacks hit you as you start going through the gears.  will it be all for nothing again?63. the motor is sounding strong.  confidence has overtaken fear.  you hesitate for a second, but only for a second.  you punch it and feel heavy adrenaline hitting you as the motor hits 7k rpm.  Your hairs stand up all over your body.  This pile of turd is holding together.  You drive back home with color in your life again.  The bright sun.  The green grass.  A faint smile on your face as you pull into the garage.64. put the gear into neutral.  shut the car off.  pull the parking brake.  sitting there in the garage simmering in your glory.  you did it.65. get out of the car and look at it.  wavy rust covered body panels and all.  she's beautiful because I made her.66. put the last of the body parts on.  the floors and shelves are empty of parts.  it's sunday morning and you have to show her to the world.67. pull up to the shop for the first time with her.  you put the gear in neutral.  turn her off.  engage parking brake.  walk out.  infront of her.  stepping back.68. emotion starts hitting you hard as you stand there.  you realize this story has unfolded much like your real life project car.69. drive back home with a big smile now.70. order half the catalog of aftermarket parts.71. phone rings and you hear the resentment in Teimo's voice as he tells me my parts have arrived.72. rip through the dirt roads with a sudden realization that I have played soo many games in my time but I NEVER have been this excited about VIRTUAL goods.  I was genuinely excited af.73. the excitment only grows as the postage bill is paid and I see the boxes waiting for me.74. genuine excitement to open the boxes fills me as I head back home75. completly forget about eating, drinking and cleaning as the packages were being opened and parts being installedThis game has surprised me at every turn.  The attention to little details is asstounding.  Two things that really hit me hard.1. the feeling of finishing your project car.  it felt genuine.  you go through the same struggles with a car build in real life.  The game somehow captured the emotions when you complete a car.  It's something you build with your own two hands.  Most people playing this game might not understand this but feeling those emotions again gives me some modivation to go finish my car that i'm building for the 2nd time.2. genuine feelings of excitment when you get new parts for your car.  the whole experience of ordering, waiting, picking them up and installing them is genius.  I never expected soo many emotions from this game."
76561197993096576,Recommended,516750,26217982,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,St. Jimmy,More Finnish than Angry BirdsMore survival game than DayZMore rally sim than Dirt RallyMore mechanic sim than Car Mechanic SimulatorMore humouristic than South ParkBest music and voice actingDo I need to say more?
,Recommended,516750,26480565,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,XanderBawss=VX9=,"Simply put, one of the hardest, most frustrating, most obnoxious games I have ever played.There are no tutorials.Nothing is in English.You know nothing.Suddenly you're dead and broke and your car has exploded.You scream ""F$@# this game"" at the top of your lungs.And then suddenly you figure out how to put your first part together and you scream and cry and laugh in joy.Hours take place and you finally found that missing screw you forgot to tighten, you learn to tune your car and get it to start. It finally stops stalling on you, the engine hasn't blown up yet and you start to drive to your inspection to find out whats wrong with it still only to find out that the only thing that IS wrong, is that you forgot a stupid triangle in your trunk.But its okay, because now its time for an adventure.This game seriously, gives you some of the hardest rage moments in a single player game. But you keep going back for more because its all on you! You have to figure it out and by the devils angel is it hard to do! But once you do, it is the most rewarding and satisfying feeling that I have ever experienced in a game like this EVER. Because no one is holding your hand, no one is helping you cheat your way to victory, it's all you.So go you, and make this happen, make your dreams come true as you build your little $h!^^y car that you almost want to drive off a cliff. But you wont, and in the end, you'll love this game, no matter how many times you rage quit after smashing your keyboard.10/10Can't wait for the future updates!"
,Recommended,516750,32271089,Posted: 8 June,all,♧ Ӎ☉Ļ☉ҪӉ ♧,"The developer sums up the experience of this game perfectly on his site, and it's worth quoting again;#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorI am making this game because this game needs to be made. This is not made because this is fun game, but because it is NOT!So right from the off you should be aware that this game will require the patience of the god of thunder himself. There is virtually nothing in the way of instant gratification sent your way. Every single Finnish markka is hard earned by doing jobs in the septic truck or chopping firewood, as is every tiny bit of bolt-tightening progress you make with building the car.Where this differs from other games is how entertaining the developer has made the traditionally grindy process of making cash. Every time you venture out in a vehicle and leave the relative safety of your home in Kesselinperä, you are putting your life in your hands. If you don't manage to slide off the narrow dirt track and bury yourself into a pine tree, then you have to run the gauntlet of playing chicken with a drunken lunatic in a little green Fiat.If you survive this and somehow make it to the paved highway, you still run the risk of getting killed by an errant moose, crashed into head-on by the infamous Techno Viking, or getting chased by the police for not stopping at a checkpoint. And then when you finally arrive at your destination the odds are the store will be closed/the mechanic doesn't work weekends/you forgot your parts order back home/you fall into a septic tank and die. Brutally unforgiving in every respect.Same goes for building the car, miss tightening a bolt all the way on one part, and all the others will gradually work loose as you drive. My first build made it 200 metres down the road before the front left wheel fell off and took most of my suspension with it. So I dragged it back to the garage with the tractor and tried again. Despite being so unforgiving, and usually just giving up on games which treat the player with such disdain (like I did with Dark Souls) I found myself becoming obsessed with getting the car working properly, passing the inspection in town, and upgrading it to go rallying. You find yourself forming a love/hate relationship with the thing, surely a feeling everyone who runs and maintains an old car IRL can identify with.So the developer's stated goal of 'realism' at whatever cost has actually produced a game which creates an incredible feeling of achievement when something finally goes right for you. It's the same buzz people talk about when they finally beat that boss in Dark Souls after hours of trying. But in this game there's no memorizing of moves or anything like that. Just keeping yourself alive is an accomplishment - the rest of the time you're free to enjoy the endless Finnish summer, using the sauna at the lake house, visiting the pub, or simply getting drunk on home-made kilju and running amok around town.Once you add all your favourite music to the 'radio' folder, tinkering with the car in the garage becomes relaxing, almost therapeutic. You shouldn't start building with the intention of getting it finished as fast as possible so you can race - this will probably end with you dying horribly later on. It's more of a 'James May' kind of simulator than a 'Jeremy Clarkson'.If you're someone who's willing to put time in to learn the controls (2 minutes watching a gameplay video is enough to give you the gist of what to do) and who has an attention span longer than 10 minutes you will find this a very rewarding and hilarious game about life for a kid in 90's Finland. There is a breathtaking amount of content and fun to be had for what is essentially a rough-around-the-edges Unity game still in early access.Oh, and press 'N' to swear. You'll need that."
,Recommended,516750,32023309,Posted: 28 May,all,-V-,"The most accurate car building simulator on the market today,My Summer Car will make you rip out your hair and head to the beer fridge.  In a good way, that is.  This game offers realistic enjoyment, providing plenty of distractions to aid your inevitable rage such as:-Need Management*Buy food... on the other side of town!*Pee like a man--anywhere you want!*Sleep in a child's bed-Side Jobs*Chopping and delivering firewood*Emptying septic tanks (into the lake!)*Uber for drunkards-Alcoholism-Road RageAnd that's all before you even get the silly little car built.  This is truly a game for gearheads, vehicle enthusiasts, and other engineers.  Experience all the joys and frustrations of building a car without the pesky motor oil stains!  Even if you don't know how to assemble a working vehicle from scratch in a garage full of parts, there are ample quality guides to lead the way.  Are there bugs?  Sure?  Missing Textures?  Plenty.  Will this game ever be fully released?  Who knows, the developers arewiselymute on the matter.Overall, this game is a great deal of knucklebusting, gear wrenching fun."
,Recommended,516750,26228760,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Hairy Hairy Robbaz,"Crazy ♥♥♥♥ing Finns, how were you able to make this masterpiece?"
,Recommended,516750,26198696,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,VenomousAlien,This will be Finland's next Nokia.
,Recommended,516750,26203928,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,dentvis,"My Summer Car first experiences:>Start game>Start out with a beer case and some sausage>Drink beer.>Go to the garage>Look around, see tons of car parts>Phone rings>Guy asks to deliver some firewood to him>Okey dokey.>Go to my van, walk around 5 minutes trying to get in>Get in, start the van>""Why is this not moving"">Realize the handbrake is on>Drive to your log storage>Start chopping up some wood>""Man I need some beer with this"">Drive back to your place, get the case of beer>Driving back drink a beer>Accidentally punch out the windshield>DIDN'T NEED THAT ANYWAY>Back to the chopping block, start hacking away>Realize you gotta bust out the Euro Truck Simulator mechanics and park the trailer next to the firewood so it's easier to load>Start loading the trailer and chop some more wood>Drink some beer>Finally the trailer is full, time to make the delivery>Drive 2 hours 38 minutes with the tractor to the guy who ordered the wood>The guy is outside drinking booze>Park the trailer, try to talk to the guy>Guy passes out and starts mumbling something>WHERE'S MY MONEY ♥♥♥♥♥>♥♥♥♥ it, take the vodka with you>Drive another 2 hours home with the tractor>Get some sleep>The guy from before calls in the middle of the night, says he is at the pub and needs a ride>Fumble around in the dark to find the van>Drive to the city by sheer luck>See the guy outside the pub>Start driving him home>Suddenly a ♥♥♥♥ing Fiat 127 comes out of nowhere and I need to avoid him>The van gets out of control, we end up crashing into the woods>Dead.10/10, best Finnish Countryside Simulator of all time."
,Recommended,516750,26224128,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Decentralized Ruger,"build carcar ""works""drive car to a village to get partsdrive by police checkpointi dont wanna stopi dont stopcops after menotice temp 130Ccar is set on firehold beer case in 1 handtry to open door with otherdoor wont openlook backcop car doing 130km/h and isnt slowing downbashes into medead11/10"
76561198260529490,Recommended,516750,26219109,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,DackDurra,If this game had co-op mode to play with a friend... This game would be the best game ever.
,Recommended,516750,32267066,Posted: 8 June,all,kNOwofTHekING,"My experience with My Summer Car:- An actual Blackfinger IRL, so I figure it will be a breeze to get it going.- Spends 20 minutes trying to get used to controls to move around the house, grab things, etc.- Finally gets outside, sees car body.- So many parts.- Shiiiiiiiiii-- Finds wrench set, no sockets though.- Dissapointed, but determined.- Can't grab wrenches from toolbox.- 10 minutes later, finds the Tool Mode key.- Grar.- Assembling engine.- Forgets timing set.- Smells bad, needs food, needs water.- Fk it, not gonna tear it apart.-Restart-- Knows how to move already.- Assembles engine and transmission.- Assembles chassis.- Assembles interior.- Finally figures out how to drop the engine in.- No fuel.- GRAR.- Spends 10 minutes trying to get blue van started.- Spends 30 minutes trying to get blue van to move.- Finds parking brake.- On the road.- Handles like a drunk horse.- Hits the ditch, rolls.- Can still see the house as I die.- Respawn.- Take tanker truck to town.- Buy food, fuel, oil, coolant, fan belt.- Get home and eat everything.- Add fuel, oil, coolant, fan belt.- Start car.- Runs like donkey.- Still excited.- Start moving.- This is everything I've ever wanted.- Front passenger wheel falls off.- Shiiiiiiiiiii-- Inspect, actually see that the entire A-arm assembly is destroyed.- Shiiiiiiiiiii-- Repair, double check everything.- Start moving again, seems good.-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥falls off again.-Restart-- Finds a step-by-step tutorial online.- Sees crucial steps in tuning I missed.- Follows all directions to a T. In order.- Happy that it will be done right, as I double checked everything as I went.- Starts car.- Sounds much better.- Feels much better.- Start moving, wheel doesn't fall off.- Happiness!- 20 kph, front passenger wheel falls off.- Shiiiiiiiiii-h8/8, Dark Souls is easier and more forgiving."
76561198065056255,Recommended,516750,26453494,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Caldin228,"Realize the soul-crushing irrelevance of all human endeavour as you fall into a septic tank and drown in human feces, losing the past 20 hours you spend building the car you were pumping sewage to afford upgrades for."
76561197980508904,Recommended,516750,26198860,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,DeWa,23 minutes in and I've already died three times. This game is much easier than Finland in the 90's
,Recommended,516750,26282623,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rowner,built a carsucked some crapmade $$$spent $$$ on shiny partsput on shiny partsso excited i forget to fill new rad with coolantexplode and diegg 8 hours
,Recommended,516750,31513137,Posted: 2 May,all,Kit,"- Buys Game- Spends hours trying to make a car and fails- Uses a guide on how to build a car- Spends 4 hours building a car- Finally built the car!- Test drives it on the highway- Boy racer overtakes a lorry and crashes into me head on- *Dies*10/10 Never gone to bed so angry in my whole life, this game is amazing."
76561197965418621,Recommended,516750,26209699,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Dragonius,"My first 2 hours of gameplay:*Turn on the sauna oven*Grab a beer and another beer*Find the carage and the car wreck*Be flabbergasted by the amount of weird car pieces around the carage and wonder how the hell you can put this puzzle together*Think ""F* this junk"" and decide to go buy more beer from the store.*Pick the van, break the windshield accidentally with your fist while trying to shift gears and drive it in to the ditch*Decide to walk back home and notice that the character can't run or sprint*Get back home, eat, drink and go to sleep*Fill the flatbed with firewood and decide to bring them to your neighbour.*drive the tractor to the woods and die*wake up in a cemetary and decide to go to pub*get♥♥♥♥♥♥drunk, urinate on other patrons while giving the middlefinger for the bartender*pass out, wake up in a sauna, realize you are hungry, thirsty and all your working vehicles are crashed in the nature and you propably die on thirst or hunger before you can get in to the store somehowNo video game ever can get more finnish than this.5/5 game. Would recommend.Sure the game has still many flaws, but they'll get fixed eventually. It's Early Access afterall."
,Recommended,516750,28518909,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Zero Dank Thirty,"If you like simulators, this game is for you.If you like cars, this game is for you.If you like to talk about cars, this game is for you.If you like to drive cars, this game is for you.If you like to modify cars, this game is for you.If your entire life revolves around cars,THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU"
76561197969479030,Recommended,516750,29439486,Posted: 23 January,all,WinstonWolf88,"This is my first review.I may be a bit biased, because this is my thing. I built a project car several years ago. Put a Ford V8 into a Mazda RX-7. I spent months running to the store for parts, looking for the right wrench for that odd bolt, eating burgers and fries with grease covered hands. I remember the day I first started the car, and the feeling I had when it finally roared to life. I remember how my heart was pounding the first time I drove it around the block. I remember being terrified that it would leave me stranded far from home because I forgot some simple detail in constructing it.This game is the closest you will ever get to that magical journey I had with that car.This game will make stories. Stories that will make your wife laugh. The kind of experiences you hated when you were in the middle of, but tell to everyone you can when you're older.Youy're greeted with a shell of a car and a garage full of parts when you start the game. You build that car, drinking a beer here and there, stopping to eat and have a sauna once in a while. You genuinely have a feeling of pride when you finally get it started. And some excitement the first time you go for a drive in it.The game is very well done, the dev is active as hell and checks the forums almost every day. If you have ever wanted to build a project car, this game is the perfect way to get that feeling. You have to work for it, and it's not easy, but it is maybe the most rewarding game I have ever played. There aren't a whole lot of bugs for early access, the controls take some getting used to, but it's oh so worth it.If you're one of those guys that loves to put stuff together, this is the game for you. For $15 bucks, you can't get that feeling anywhere else.You will make stupid mistakes.You will fail.You will get drunk.You will die.And you will love every minute of it.Buy this game."
,Recommended,516750,26253526,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,slurmer,"I built an engine, chopped some wood, drank 50 beers and crashed my van into a ditch.And then I played this game and it's pretty fun!"
,Recommended,516750,26639782,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Crazy Jesus,"Day 1 - MONDAYI begin in a house located somewhere in what I suspect to be the Finnish wilderness.  Wandering around my home I find a full case of beer and a pack of sausages.  A few minutes later of spinning and twirling the sausages around and I eventually learn how to consume what is surely a healthy diet of warm beer and sausages.  My immediate needs met, I continue to explore around the meager lodgings and eventually discover the door leading outside, only to be met with what looks to be my objective.  The sports car that surely every auto enthuist dreams to have one day, only it's missing every single part that makes it run, being only the car body itself.  In one word: Potential.Stumbling further along, bright eyed and surely confident in my abilities and common sense to attach bits and pieces labeled ""A"" to slots marked ""B"", I find myself in front of what I assume to be the garage doors.  Opening the doors, my dreams and hopes of soon recreating scenes from the classic movie ""Vanishing Point"" are broken and dashed away by the seemingly hundreds of parts and pieces scattered around me with no manual or instructions in sight.  Never having actually worked on a car or engine before, I dive right into assembling parts of the main engine of the vehicle.  Further twirling and spinning, putting rods into slots and disks onto what should be spinning bits, a myriad of nuts and bolts and screws that I hope actually go where I think they need to.  I quickly become bewildered at one stage when I cannot attach a part to where it seems to need to go and submit to the daunting task of building an entire engine from scratch.  ""Why can't this piece go there!?"", ""Did I get all the bolts screwed down!?"", ""You need THAT wrench to do that?!"".  I relent the fact that there is no manual for engine assembly, but quickly reconsider that maybe this game hates me and if it were kind enough to even provide one, it would be written solely in Finnish.I resign myself back inside the home after hours of tinkering and frustration, odd calls from the phone inside the house of people yelling at me in a language incomprehensible to me, and trying to make sense of the world around me, throwing what's left of the case of beer on top of the bed and drinking myself to sleep after what can't be happening, that I'm unable to complete what surely thousands of others have.  Sleep comes.Day 2 - TUESDAYI awake the next morning, my view shaking in what I can only guess to be from the massive amount of alcohol consumed the previous day.  I attempt to rectify this by drinking more beer.  It doesn't work.  I once again venture into the garage to assemble what bits and pieces of the engine are left when my eye catches the bright red bar in the upper left hand corner that I am apparently dying of hunger.  The fridge is empty, no food is in sight.  Panicking, not wanting to lose what work i've done so far I fumble my way into the drivers seat of the working blue van parked outside.  In my desperation and mad dash to where I think the main town is located, I run full blast at 100kmph after being sideswiped on the highway, straight into a tree.  The only memorial I have left to what I attempted is a spot in the newspaper of a patch of grass.Day 1 - MONDAYI begin in a house located somewhere in what I suspect to be the Finnish wilderness.MSC is a very frustrating game.  A frustration that only adds to it's overall charm once you overcome these frustrations on your own, without any kind of documentation, tutorial, or set of directions.  After fully assembling the Satsuma, it's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥car that backblasts and overheats constantly.But it's my piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥car, and I love it."
76561197994180829,Recommended,516750,26233204,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,accent,"I was born in 1986, so I didn't have my own car in the 1990s yet, but I remember those times quite well. My grandpa used to have a yellow Datsun 100A and my cousin had a brown one which we used to drive on an icy lake and pull a Stiga sled behind it. I live in a small town in Eastern Finland so I feel right at home in this game. I'm almost expecting to find a Commodore 64 or Amiga or a 486 PC in the player character's room or a lego space police set as a memento of his childhood in the eighties.I remember when we were told to take the telephone cord off the wall socket when a thunderstorm came. I remember that blue camo pattern being used everywhere. I remember my aunt owning a shop that was just like Teimon Kauppa. So this game has got the world just right.There aren't even all that many bugs for an early access game. A lot of stuff that people think happen because of bugs are actually due to them not understanding how to do things. A good general advice for this game would be this: if you know how to do something in real life, you should know how to do it in this game. Don't expect anything to happen with just one push of a button, except for peeing and swearing. For example, refueling the Van doesn't just happen magically when you park next to the fuel pump and maybe press the use button, but instead you will have to open the fuel filler door, unscrew the cap, take the pump handle in your hand and put it in the fuel filling hole. Then you go to the counter at the shop and pay. Just like real life.Only real problem with that is that it's not always immediately obvious how exactly to do the actual details of something, (like for example the precise place to position the oil canister at when pouring oil into the engine) but when you have done something once it turns out to work in a logical way and your subsequent tries at doing that thing will become easier until it's second nature.To someone who doesn't know a whole lot about cars, assembling the Satsuma car will be like a memory game. You will probably watch a video of someone else doing it first, then try to remember the order of parts and the right wrench size. At first you will make mistakes and have your car leaking oil or just not running because you forgot some small detail. Then you will try again and remember a bit more. Then you will die of thirst because you forgot to drink. Then you will remember most of how to assemble the car and guesstimate the rest and have a car that's at least somewhat drivable. Then you suddenly realize that now you know about cars. At least that one specific make and model.The audiovisual presentation is actually not bad for something like this. While the few NPCs found around the map and the tree models look like something from 2001, the main car in particular is nicely modelled and the lighting in the game looks quite nice. The sound effects are just right, and although the voice acting could certainly be better, it does elicit a few laughs at least. The radio plays a variety of music and speech programs that contain a lot of quality Finnish humor. Sadly, they are lost on foreign players. My favorite radio program is Marko Kahjo, a parody and spot-on impression of Markus Kajo.Overall the game is a fun and weird experience. For an early access game made by just a couple of people, the few problems it has mean nothing."
,Recommended,516750,26365702,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Drury,"I don't normally review Early Access games (and, as we all know, Steam reviews = serious business), but seeing as I'm already more hooked on this than a bunch of feminists on cheap alt-right bait I just can't help myself from writing this surprisingly necessary message in a bottle about why you should or shouldn't buy this game and throwing it into a sea of messages in bottles about how much peeing and crap-sucking is in this game.So, for starters: there's a lot of peeing and crap-sucking in this game, if you didn't know already and really needed to know. There are other things to do - not an awful lot, mind you, but that doesn't matter, because this dev plays the forbidden card - mechanical depth. While in a game likeGTAmost of what you're allowed to do involves killing and driving (and don't get me wrong - I ♥♥♥♥ing love killing and driving), it will only reluctantly allow you to do things that don't involve killing and driving, such as being a functional adult.GTAis like that friend of yours from across town who keeps offering you weed and gets you to do the stupidest crap more for his own entertainment than yours. Why would you eat, drink and wash yourself when you can run a bunch of people over, blow up a bunch of cars up and still get away with it? In this bizarre slice-of-life analogy,My Summer Caris more like your dad. ""There's no damn food in the house, do the damn groceries and don't forget my beer like the last time. And get a damn job you slob, and I mean a real job, not that rally driver thing you keep babbling about."" Except dad forgot to tell you who you are, where you are, what language you're speaking, how to drive a car and how to get to the store.But you know what will happen if you don't listen.Not knowing how to do things is a huge part of the fun and I don't want to spoil any of it, but let's say if you thinkEuro Truckprepared you for anything, trust me, it didn't. Suffice to say getting things moving in this game is quite the realistic procedure, and doing the most mundane of tasks generally involves fumbling at first and not really knowing what inputs are expected, but once you get in tune with the game you'll begin to figure it out instinctively based on your combined knowledge of the real world and the game's eccentric control scheme rather than relying on established videogame norms. Then the real summer can start.My Summer Carwill make you responsible for your well-being, and provide real consquences for not obliging. You pee and drive a crap-sucking truck not because that's what all the cool Steam review guys did for laughs, but because if you don't, you won't have money to buy gas for grocery trips and your bladder will explode. And don't think it's that easy - I mean, peeing is obviously quite easy (don't forget to force it out when you start dripping), but to do pretty much anything else in this game you have to drive some type of vehicle several kilometers down some of the most treacherous roads in gaming history. Not that there's lava around or anything - they're just really narrow, and generally have a ditch on either side where if you get stuck, you're stuck for good. It's a bit cruel that not even AI will stop to help, but that's Scandinavian hospitality for you I guess. And if you do get to your destination, don't expect fanfares or an XP bar increase or anything of the sort - you just do your job, collect your money from the NPC, drive back home.If it's starting to look a lot like the game took a page out of DayZ's book with the whole ""do a bunch of mundane-yet-immersive stuff and get a slap across the face for reward,"" that's because it kinda did. But this game hasca-oh wait, DayZ also has cars, but this game hascar building.I mean,good car building.Of all the overly complex and daunting-yet-strangely-fun-in-the-end parts of the game, the car building is perhaps the most of all those things. You walk out of your house, you see a garage, and in front of that garage an empty car frame. No suspension, no interior, no engine, no nothing. Then you open the garage and find all of those things, broken down into hundreds of different parts neatly showcased on the shelves, waiting for assembly. This is the point where you begin to regret your purchase, but don't refund just yet, it gets worse. Tens of hours later, full of Finnish swearing, sauna-sweating, firewood-chopping, engine-building, gas-stealing, tractor-driving, beer-drinking, road-raging, part-ordering, vehicle-rescuing and falling into septic tanks, you have your car in front of you, beautiful, shiny, just the color you painted it, with your custom parts on, all the bolts tightened, all the fluids poured in.It doesn't start."
76561198086788874,Recommended,516750,26452074,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,thelostviking85,"Spent 2 days building my car.Got it running!!Went for a drive to the mechanic,Too expensive.Spend a day chopping wood.Get a call to empty septic tankspend 5mins trying to start the truck.Find Septic tank.Remove CoverFall in and drown in♥♥♥♥♥♥Would recommend."
,Recommended,516750,28290200,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,LegendofRobbo,"a good fun way to waste 20-30 hours of your lifethe best thing about this game is seeing what kind of stupid, utterly ridiculous situations you can get intoyou can:- fall down a septic tank and drown in turds- run over a policeman at 200kph and watch your passenger side door tear off and go spinning into the trees- bolt your muffler pipe back on 20 times cos it keeps snapping off when you flog it over hills-♥♥♥♥♥♥on everything- swear in finnish at the press of a button- steal a muscle car- crash your stolen muscle car into a swamp because it has truly awful handling- blow your pistons through the top of your hood when you give it some revs cos you ♥♥♥♥ed up the valvetrain- get blackout drunk and wake up on your barn roof with the worlds biggest hangover- flip your van and die- flip your tractor and die when attempting to recover your flipped van- destroy both van and tractor when you try to ram them upright with the sewage truckand much much more"
,Recommended,516750,26522014,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bomb ass dank ass down up north,its finland exactly how my great grandfather described it
,Recommended,516750,26323555,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,STF Colin,">Wake up>Try to build car>Give up>Drink beer in sauna>Get call from neighbor>He wants me to empty his sewage tank>Get in sewage truck>Try to remember how to drive stick>Get to neighbor's house, empty his sewage tank>Get 1200 Finland bucks>Buy 7 cases of beer at the store>Go home>After 6 hours somehow manage to finish the car>Gas can is empty>Start towing car to the gas station>Spin out on highway>Get stuck in a ditch for a half hour>Guy rams into me while I try to get back on the road>DieAccurate simulation of life in Finland.Good buy. You definitely need a guide to play, though, unless you know a lot about cars."
,Recommended,516750,29594407,Posted: 30 January,all,Chaos,"My Summer Car is an open world survival game? I suppose so but that doesn't explain it well...Finnish BarryBoy Simulator 1995 is a game that doesn't help you or hold your hand, it plops you into some backwater nordic town in the mid-90's, theres no tutorial or objective other than your motive bars (hunger, sleep etc.) but there's a garage attached to your house with all the parts for a Datsun 100A or Cherry (think 1970's Nissan Micra), a tiny little japanese car that you can build yourself piece by piece, tune, upgrade and even use to compete in rally's, nothing can quite describe the satisfaction you feel when you first get that piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥s engine started. Obviously parts alone will not get the car started, you're gonna need oil, coolant, brake/clutch fluid and a new fan belt (and maybe some mods) and you're going to need the time to do it (motives ticking down) so you're going to need money. Theres a few ways in game to make money and you have access to 3 other vehicles that can be used to pick up this stuff and perform jobs, these 4 vehicles are essentially the game...Little blue van based on a version of the toyota HiAce? You can use this to pick up your drunk mates down the pub when they call you, you can use it to pick up stuff for the car or food and drink (and for all you alcoholics out there it can only store up to 100 crates of beer). It behaves quite realistically, the back end is boaty when its empty and the van is prone to tip more as it's top heavy and the engine takes a little bit to start when its cold and you need to let it warm up a bit before putting it in gear because it runs on diesel, yes diesel, IT RUNS ON DIESEL... just making sure you put the right one in when you get fuel because SOME people might have put petrol in there, tried to drive off and think the games bugging out when the engine explodes, not me though, I'm smart. *innocent whistle*Occasionally people will call up and asked to have their septic tanks drained for money, fortunately you have a septic truck which is based on a Finnish Sisu M-series (M-162) lorry/truck which has 3 axels, rear one can be lifted for more speed and better MPG at the expense of stability and the air brakes have realistic air pressure (things I didn't see in any of those truck simulator games) You can drive up to the peoples houses, put the pipe into their drain and suck away their crap, what you do with the waste after is totally up to you! My personal favorite is ""in a policeman's face at the speed traps"" The Sisu can also tow wrecked cars which can be sold for scrap.Theres also a tractor. When people call up asking for lumber you can go to the barn near your house, chop up some wood and fill the nearby trailer, you can then use the tractor to tow the wood filled trailor to the person's house in give them your wood (insert smutty inuendo here). The tractor can also be used to tow your car if you happen to break down (or crash somewhere and survive) and you can use it to tow wrecked cars stashed around the map but I recommend you use the Sisu lorry/truck for that.If you truly love cars this is the game for you, yeah theres no Ferrari's or anything flash but its the best car mechanic simulation game I've ever seen, the building and tunning is the closest I've seen to real life. Theres a few bugs but its a small developer and they do patch it (Last patch was xmas 2016 and they threw in a wrapped present containing a flashing neon light for your cars interior and a bottle of vodka). The graphics aren't great, the people look horrible for example but it doesn't effect gameplay. It is realistic and yet it doesn't take itself too seriously and it's full of charm, humour and love (and Finnish Easter eggs!) something that big budget titles lack these days. It just needs more everything! More cars, jobs, maybe a motorcycle? But it's definitely worth every penny of the £10.99 I paid for it. If you're okay with no map and hand holding this game is a real gem."
76561198028186111,Recommended,516750,26200154,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,BenaTheButlr,"Such a fun gamePros+ surprisingly lot of detail+ has a soul+ funny+ does not take itself too seriouslyCons- quite buggy at the momentThings I would like to see in a future:- MULTIPLAYER- more radio- own songs to play on the radio- more npc's and more interaction with them- bar & karaoke & pizzeria- basically anything that adds up to ""realism""For 14€ this game is totally worth it even in its current state but you have to have certain kind of mindset to enjoy this game."
76561198041952197,Recommended,516750,28387755,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,unplay,">After many hours, the car's finally almost done>Orders some fancy car parts for it>Goes to pick them up the next day>Is 2Mk too short>""Voi ssaaatana!"">Plays slots>Actually wins in it enough to pay the packages>This is my luckiest day ever>Drives home>Hits a bumb in the road on the way home>Van drives off the road>Dies10/10"
76561198030028625,Recommended,516750,26242380,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Shock 'N Awe,"I would describe this game to a friend as ''Sruvival in Finland while you build a car"". The first time i saw footage of this game i imeadiatly thought of the Car Mechanic Simulator series. But this is somehow completely different.The mix of building, gathering resources and surviving is pretty good.Yes the game needs work but its still in development.And so far with my setup i havent found any big issues yetI will take my hat of for the team behind this amazing game for comming up with the idea.Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,516750,26743502,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Vee Snowtail,You are an alcohol enthusiast with a car building problem. 10/10
,Recommended,516750,26283617,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Hallowyeen,the game I never knew I always wanted
76561198177146590,Recommended,516750,28518239,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Kalev,Bad: need to buy decent steering wheel for 10x the price of gameGood: Drove van to town. Cleared the shop. Drove van into some sort of hole. Died walking home. Hilarious. Will retry in a week for sure.Hint: ignore all youtube/wikia/whatever guides. Real men learn from pain.
,Recommended,516750,26200353,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Raikors,"A game attempting to simulate 90's Finnish countryside and accurate car building, with a lot of humor most of which probably doesn't translate very well. It still needs a ton of polish, but the core is there and it seems like a more in-depth take on the ""simulator"" aspect than some of the other games with that word in the title.I purchased mostly just to support the crazy idea and I doubt I'll be driving anything self-built in the game very soon (unless some tutorials or hints are included in the future). Oh well, at least I managed to heat up the sauna and drink a few beers there."
,Recommended,516750,30761653,Posted: 26 March,all,Electric Bronco,"Drank 24 beer,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥all over myself twice. Got so wasted I couldn't even find the ignition switch in my van. So I came inside and played this game.  .08/.08"
,Recommended,516750,30938183,Posted: 4 April,all,Swamphell,"1995/10 The best car gameIt's survivalIt's living in the Finnish 90'sIt's just like livingBuilding carDrinking and eating (mostly beer and macarons)Going to sauna and sleeping when you have to♥♥♥♥ing mosquitoes everywhereWorking to get some moneyOrdering car tuning parts from the magazineGoing to shopAmis guy starts vittuilemaan to youShow middle fingerGoing inside the shopPlaying slotmachineProbably didn't win anythingSpending all of your money to the car partsGoing back to homeDon't have nothing to drink and eat because you bought only car partsWorking againGetting car inspectedDriving with car finally on the ""highway""Police ratsia appearsStop like nothings wrongGot ticket because i drove ""little"" bit too fast and there is ""some"" alcohol on my bloodFffuu voi ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-Game of the Year 2016, Game of the Year 2017This game has a lot to offer, you have much things to do (rally, tune your car, just drive etc.)New content every month and if somenthing is wrong, quick fixes are running immediately - very active developer.Totally recommended!"
,Recommended,516750,26239065,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Spike,This game will show you how little or lot you know about cars.5/5
76561198043317722,Recommended,516750,33756684,Posted: 23 July,all,Spudgun181,"Ya like cars?My Summer Car is a game like no other. You build your very own car, a Satsuma! Based off the Nissan Cherry!""Pff. That all? Put some parts in the engine and tires? My grandma could do that!""You might say that first thing when you lay your eyes on this game, but lemme tell ya a secret, those parts have parts, and then those parts with parts have even more parts, that engine block? Well its just an empty engine block, you need to put pistons, crankshaft, fly wheel, timing chain and much much more on that engine block, and that car? Just an empty shell, so you have to put everything on everything that a car has, steering column, exhaust, muffler, seats, hood, doors, trunk, bumper, grille, wishbone, shock absorber and holy crap, those parts you must put in that Satsuma is all on the shelves, floor and table in your garage, except timing chain and fluid, you buy those at a shop. And the best thing about all that, there is no tutorial, so if you know nothing about cars, read a guide or something.Hey, when it said""Warning, this game is not for fainted heart. Severe car fever is required to play this properly due to it's autistic approach on car building. ""It really does, its not lyingOh. And if you want this game because you watched a popular youtuber like SpeirsTheAmazing played it and it looks 'fun' then be ready to be dissapointed, trust me, I learned the hard way. First I played it because I saw someone played it and it looked fun, then I had no idea what to do and attempted to build the car, then I hated it because I had no idea what to do, it was hard for me so I never wanted to play this again, then I got car fever and decided to play this game again, and now I love it. I play it every day, every night, I know everything to build my little car, I am in full touch with my zen, I pray to this game that my satsuma will be in full touch with its zen too, I sit on my finnish couch drinking finnish beer while watching finnish tv. I love it, Its great.You can also turn your car into anything you want it to be, Sleeper, Tuner, Ricer, anything you want it to be, you can make it into it10/10 would build My Summer Car again"
,Recommended,516750,30505103,Posted: 14 March,all,2jz,Would be fun with multiplayer!
76561198052387280,Recommended,516750,33126188,Posted: 2 July,all,Thendistus,"I'd like to start this out by saying that I have a fair amount of experience working on my own cars, especially my first one which was a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥1977 Chevette.I just stayed up until 4 A.M. in my first time playing this game and I finally had put everything together and was ready to turn the key and start doing adjustments on everything.I turn the key...nothing. ""Oh, I forgot to pull the choke out...and maybe I need to pump the gas while starting it like my old car!""I try that...still nothing. It's then that I notice some items are still left on the shelf of parts, my heart sinks into my stomach.It's the mother♥♥♥♥ing pistons. I built not only the entire engine, but the whole car was all put together without any pistons in the engine.I did what any self-respecting man would, frantically try to retrace my steps back to the point where I can just put them in and go again without fully starting over, realize that it was so early on that I had to do that that it would essentially be starting over, get really angry and beat the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of my car with a sledgehammer, chug an entire case of beer and get in my van and drive into a tree fast enough to kill myself instantly to attone for my stupidity.Gr8/8 Game, gonna start fresh tomorrow."
,Recommended,516750,26199758,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Flippinflops,Im loving GTA Finland so far.
,Recommended,516750,29647980,Posted: 2 February,all,BloodwCinnamon,It's like I'm in hell and refuse to leave.
,Recommended,516750,29132262,Posted: 8 January,all,LiberalTears✓ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ,"After 31 hours, at least 6 of them me being stupid and restarting my entire game just because I flipped the van over until I found the push mode, I can safely say this is one of the best games i've played this year.The sheer number of possibilities that this game holds is staggering.One of the only things that makes me sad is the empty beer bottles and other trash that despawns.  I should be able to pile them up in every corner of my house if I feel like it!The driving is very nice, there is an almost life like complexity to the parts, more could be added, but is very nice as is.Funny how the Ferndale is the worst car to drive by far.Dying by falling inside a sceptic tank really gives you a new outlook on life.Definitely worth encouraging at this price.Warning : It will be hilarious at first, then tedious, then frustrating, then VERY frustrating, then once your car is finished and runs, you'll feel like you accomplished more in those short dozen hours than anything in any other game."
,Recommended,516750,31318297,Posted: 23 April,all,Sam,This game makes Dark Souls look like a bloody joke.10/10
76561198037510045,Recommended,516750,26268812,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Juho L,"This is the pinnacle of real-life simulation. It feel exactly like 90's recession Finland through eyes of an alcoholic ""school of life"" graduate. The best part of the experience is the Markus Kajo radio show. I bet it's something that people all around the world can appreciate since Markus Kajo is a world-famous thinker. Things I hope to see in the future updates:- IIHF Hockey World Championship 1995 celebration night- Risusavotta- Filling up the unemployment form- ""Simo Asustekammarilta hei!"" adverts on TV/radio"
,Recommended,516750,26519708,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,a basic bitch,"It is satisfying. It isn't always fun, it isn't always fair, and you should probably back up your save files every once in a while, but there isn't any game like it."
76561198038491675,Recommended,516750,26219154,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,M'lady,"- Drank so many beers i could not see straight- Ate all the sausages- Took my van out for a drive, accidentaly drove over 3 cops- Broke in to the local store and drank all the beer- Peed on the guy at the counter- Died while driving a stolen car into a semi-truck"
,Recommended,516750,29729402,Posted: 5 February,all,NeiHoMa,"An amazing game, the developer should be proud of what he's achieved. I would love to have built a game this good on my own.It's my game of choice right now. Considering I have lots of triple A titles it's an amazing feat.It's a great challenge, it has depth, it has humour. You may need a little bit of knowledge assembling the engine parts but common sense should help you. Even after using a guide on the amount of screws needed and sizes you dont feel like you've cheated. It just feels like you are working out of a mechanics instruction book. You still get a sense of achievement when it starts for the first time. Then the fun begins adding parts and tweaking performance.My personal favourite is the truck. I wish there was more to do with it. It's amazing how every garbage, tow, delivery truck sim get's it so wrong. THIS is how you do it.Drive upSee the customerBack up in his drive close to the drainGet out unfold pipe, throw it down the drainFlick the hydrolic switch in the cabKeep an eye on the capacity.Flick hydrolic switch when doneCollect payment!Get in and drive to the next.Its awesome. The physics makes driving it a thrill too."
,Recommended,516750,33803783,Posted: 26 July,all,Faithless [助けて],"My first experience:- Looked around dazed and confused as I spawned in my kitchen- Saw I had a box of bears- Tried drinking one but instead threw the box through my window- Jump out the window in an attempt to save them- Acciddently glitched the box into the floor- Became depressed, figured out how to work the van, then procceded to ram it at full speed into oncoming traffic10/10"
76561198353897458,Recommended,516750,30441810,Posted: 11 March,all,southernfinn,"once upon a time...no, this is not the beginning of a fairy-tale, but for an old fart as yours truly, it is going back in history, like in a time-machine.it is absolutely amazing how realistic this game is for someone, who actually has LIVED the 90s repairing a summer-car with a friend back then in the finnish countryside, although being a different make and model. the car still exists and will be taken on the road again next summer! the details are amazing - from the makes and models of the car(s) (yes, even the makes and models of the  AI-cars are recognizable and historically accurate!), to the main groceries that were used back then: beer, saussages, pizza, beer, saussages, 'macaron box', beer and saussages. and yes, we only had a few (public) radio-stations, which most of the time sent some blabla, which really made no sense. those stations STILL exist, although having changed names! and before someone asks: yes, back in the 90s, when milk was still milk with REAL fat in it, not this low-fat lactose-free sewage-water you can buy today, it really took rather out the hunger, than the thirst.there are basically only 4 (cosmetic) things i am missing: teimo not offering ""korvapuusti"" with the coffee or ""porilainen"" (like a hamburger, but with grilled tasteless saussage instead of the burger - the taste comes from the additional ingredients like ketchup, mustard, sliced pickles and onions) and the kitchen missing the ""valurautapannu"" (solid pan made of melted iron - could be used as a weapon against mice, rats and the neighbour) and ""kuparinen kahvikannu"" (traditional coffeepot made of copper), which were ALWAYS visible!after having watched a series of live-streams of this game made by a finnish person who REALLY knows how to play it, i HAD to buy this game, although not being sure, if this computer, with only amd a8 and amd apu WITHOUT dedicated memory(!) would really run it. but it does! not high-quality, and with all settings of the game are the lowest, but it runs! even quite smoothly without many interruptions or ""hickups"", most of which are because of the missing vram.i am very much looking forward, what the developers come up with next! this game's idea is absolutely brilliant!i completely agree with the developer of this game: he stated in some interview, that it HAD to be made! especially by someone who uses this degree of accuracy and love to detail, as the developer behind amistech. it gives a nostalgic feeling and brings up many good memories from back then...thank you, amistech! you made an old guy extremely happy with this nostalgic trip back, when the times WERE better! (=""ennen KAIKKI oli paremmin"") ;) except, that we did not have this game back then! i have to admit, this can lead to a so-called ""eipäs-juupas"" -type of discussion, i.e.2 persons using only the arguments yes, and no.. also a finnish speciality.so, please, fellow gamers, feel free to jump on the time-machine and travel back to a time, when everything was better..."
,Recommended,516750,26253669,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Havora,"This game has been a blessing in the Early Access community, good developer communication on steam and on twitter plus it has content that keeps bringing me back to the game.** EDITED FOR 2017 **Positive+ A realistic experience when building the car and issues you overcome+ Allowing us to struggle with survival elements while building a complex car+ Buying items for your vehicle to feel superior on the road+ Rally racing / drag racing to get awards to achieve somethingNegative- Lack of options for sound and maybe ingame graphics options- I wish there was more mod support maybe support to add more car bodies in- Items clipping out the world by mistake or having issues clipping things inI wish though that the developer spends time on making more car bodies or engines so we can expand on our car collection and maybe even sell the cars for a profit!I highly recommend this game if you are down to struggle making a car and maybe learn more about cars."
76561198090677674,Recommended,516750,30859053,Posted: 31 March,all,Female,First dayGets in cargets out of carfigures out how to work cargets back in cardrives onto randome roads till figuring out the mapgets onto highwaygreen car driving on the wrong side of the road hits and kills me10/10 would be hit by car again
,Recommended,516750,26595315,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Predion,"Huge car nerd here,Really been enjoying this one. admittedly missed a few components on my first build (sometimes you forget to set your con-rods, alright?)The game can be difficult and it can be frustrating starting out. There is a bit of a learning curve but once you get past it, the game becomes very enjoyable.There is so much to do already and I find myself ripping down the highway at 185km/h and laughing all the way. I love the idea of the game and the car I get to build from the ground up.I'm proud of the car I've built and I keep coming back to this game to improve on it and have fun with it :)"
,Recommended,516750,35099608,Posted: 21 September,all,Franck Hueso,"I bought beer, sausage, built half a car, and sucked up feces with a hydraulic pump when I was supposed to be studying for my exam."
,Recommended,516750,26216776,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"My Summer Caris a fantastic sandbox game, where you get out what you put in. The amount of fun is really up to you, and what kind of goals drive you.In a way, it's got a bit ofPostal 2in it like thatEven with only around two hours playtime at the time of writing this, I can see that there is a good amount of content and complexity to the game. In some ways I feel like I'm standing on the edge of a very large hole/time sink of content. Even though this is Early Access, it feels fairly finished, aside from some glitchiness.You aren't really driven by definate goals or a storyline. Sure you can build your car (which is awesome!), but you can also explore, achievement hunt/complete 'quests', steal other cars, or just enjoy the beautiful countryside. So far I've just been exploring and achievement hunting - which is a really fun way to learn the game, so far.Negative points include a good bit of glitches and bugs (why do all the sandboxy-car-building games have to be like that??). You will fall/walk through things. Another 'con' is that the world can often feel empty and lonely. There are great expanses of forest and winding road, which on one hand is really cool and feels realistic, but on the other hand I would like to see more occasional drivers on the larger highways/roads. The people I ran across weren't interactable. There was a shop keep where you could buy things, and a guy sitting outside his house. Good-bad-or-ugly, things all take time to learn. You don't just jump in your first car and take off. The whole thing is a process, and until you learn it, you will be sitting.It's fun once you understand that that is the fun part ;)Pros:+Totally unique sandbox with tons to do and see+Very large map area; although you should understand it is a series of corridors and not necessarily one giant open map - what this means is it works fairly well, but you can't go too far off the beaten path+Awesome option to add in your drivers liscence picture, custom radio music, and car textures+The level of driving detail and mechanic detail is nearly unprecedented, perhaps only comparable to something likeMechanic Simulator+Achievement hunting is really fun+Quests/things to do can be quite involved, such as mail ordering parts by dropping the order in the mail and picking up the product; it's all pretty crazy+Graphics options allow me to play on my medium-end laptop or gaming rig, and honestly the game looks and runs great on bothCons:-There are glitches; you will walk through things; you will go in the water over your head and not drown, etc.-You need to make your own fun here, and enjoy solving puzzles/figuring things out; there is little-to-no storyline proper-You walk really really slow, but I think there is good reason for this. The game wants you to drive, and the slow walking is probably fairly realistic on that scale.If the trailer and premise intrigue you at all, go for it!You won't be disapointed."
76561198066022068,Recommended,516750,28520647,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"One of the most original games I have played in some time. Frustrating at times but very enjoyable.The car building aspect is top notch. There is no game that is as complete and detailed about building a car as this one. Blows Car Mechanic simulator out of the water. With complexity comes a steep learning curve.Expect to spend a lot of time on forums & youtube to understand the game mechanics & details. Game explains little to nothing about how to actually play it.Driving mechanics are very good. Playing with clutch is highly recommended. Driving with keyboard is not recommended.Perma-death takes an already great game and adds a unique factor to it. Really ramps up the intensity.Game still needs some refinement  (too easy to damage car with tools still), but is complete enough to highly recommend"
,Recommended,516750,26291531,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Jes McDevlin,"TLDNR; “8/10* Had fun” - R.I.P. some finnish dude.This game in 1 sentence:Drunken, Finnish, autistic automotive savant, dies horribly; But not before he p*sses everywhere and flips people off with horribly written swearing.-OR-Finnish hillbilly simulator!Honestly this game is self aware, takes itself just as it should and in spite of having an autistically detail oriented, yet fun building and driving aspect, it also manages to toss in plenty of humor and good fun. Take it seriously and you’ll be in for a world of pain, struggle, and frustration. Take it as it is, and you’ll laugh your a** off every time.My experiences:>Wake up with case of beer and pack of brats in house, get right to work on engine.>Get a call, Listen to guy ramble for 5 mis to say 5 words.>Hang up before he finishes work on engine again.>Get a little hungry, figure I’ll eat a brat from the pack only to find I eat all 6.>Now has no food, decides to keep working on engine.>Engine 95% complete, just need to stab it.>Can’t stand mosquitos or flies anymore.>Finds out i’m a simpleton who doesn't know how to shower.>Realizes i'm starving and have no food.>Tries to get in van; cant see crap at night.>Figures it’s ok anyway as i don't know how to drive.>Goes to sleep with flies still buzzing around.>Wakes up to find i’m starving and thirsty.>Drinks 3 more beers, which makes me able to drive now.>Gets in slams door, waits 5 mis for engine to start.>Drives down the road sees two signs.>Doesn't understand Finnish and decides; “Left works”>Is faced with same decision an hour latter. “Left again!”>Is faced with same decision an hour latter. “Left again... again...”>Arrives at  town out of gas, starving and dehydrated.>Sees pub, only to find it closed.>Gets ultra hangry.>Goes next door to store.>Bursts in door, throws all of the crap on the shelves at the guy.>Guy charges an arm and leg, and hands me a single plastic bag.>Flip guy off, tell him he is “Wart of d**k”>Storms out.>Brings bag to van, prolly’ for the best.>Opens it inside only to dispel the tardis effect.>The bag instantly FILLED the van with food.>Inhale 6 bags of chips while huddled up in the back of van like a savage.>Realize chips make you thirstier.>Chug 8 beers.>Bladder about to explode.>Goes back to locked/closed pub, p*sses all over it.>Gets back in van, realizes i don't know how to put it in reverse and i can’t go forward.>Discovers i drove in first gear half way around the map.>Pulls van to gas pumps.>Can’t figure out if diesel, or gas.>Sounds like diesel but has no markings.>Fills van up with gas and diesel just to be sure.>Starts driving home, finds out 3rd gear is too fast for off road.>Flips van 4 times, ending up stuck inside of it but unharmed with a month’s supply of food.>Flips off tree blocking escape, tell it to “smell a pu$$y”>Alt+F4.>Restart next day.>Studies map intently.>Works on engine again.>Gets phone call.>Picks up and hangs up instantly.>Set out for food first thing.>Finds main highway!>Find hotrod!>Can’t drive hot rod for crap off road.>Goes back to main highway.>Smokes tires from first to third.>Ends up passing the exit.>Makes it back to store, chooses items more wisely.>Still loses over 1000$.>Flips off clerk.>Restrains self from p*ssing all over store.>Hot rod self destructed itself with stuff in the trunk.>Returns undriveable hotrod.>Flips off drunk yokel>Leaves a case of beer for having stolen and trashed his car.>Drives home super carefully.>Van’s front end implodes with me in it.>Dies for no reason.>Alt+F4>Re-Restart again.>Permadeath off.>Earn “I am coward” achievement.>Gives no F***s...>Apparently gives some F***s...>Re-Re-Restarts.>Perma death on.>Writes review.>Goes back to game.>Plays for 5 hours.>gets engine 25% done.>Full wagon load of firewood.>>Needs food goes to town.>Is rear ended by arch nemesis ""Green car with subwoofers"".>Dies from being rear ended.>Alt+F4>Has pizza for breakfast.>Comes back and Re-re-re-restarts game>Makes successful trip to town for food.>Finds bug repellant at the store! (Seriously best feature in the whole game.)>Found out how to shower.>Survives for a week.>Gets entire engine done, car about 20% done.>Decides to do sewage truck missions since there were two next to each other.>Gets there safe.>Sucks sewage.>Can't get hose back on truck.>Drives away.>Hose breaks off into sewage well.>Drowns to death in sewage trying to retrieve the hose wasting 5+ hours of work.>Alt+F4>Edits review.>P*sses and moans for a few hours.>Eats some halloween candy.>Lives happily ever af->Starts playing again because he can't help himself."
,Recommended,516750,32159759,Posted: 3 June,all,nonp,"This game is not easy.This game will test your willpower.This game is grindy.This game is ****ing fun...So I kinda knew what I was getting into because I watched a lot of youtube videos before I got this game. The only problem is, the videos I was watching made this game look a TON easier than it is. I guess thats the power of editing.If you don't know♥♥♥♥♥♥about cars, I suggest looking up a build guide for the engine. You can do it yourself and try to learn but its going to take you a long time. There is a build order that you can mess up. Some parts can be put on before they're supposed to be, which will prevent you from putting other parts on.So you'll be stuck either starting a new game over and over, or taking the engine apart over and over. This is only the beginning of the struggle though.Another tip for anyone looking into this game. When you are putting your name on the license, there is an option at the bottom of the license to turn off perma-death. I suggest you do this for your first few saves.You will crash driving to town. You will get hit by NPC drivers. You will break down / flip your vehicle and die of dehydration.So back to the struggles. I'll describe one of the many ""adventures"" I've had in this game.I was in town, mucking around, and ended up getting sent back home. I won't say exactly how because it would be a spoiler to something I found quite funny. So I get home, a little frustrated. My van is in town, with my moped inside of it. Google shortcuts to town, find out theres a boat near your house. I jump in the boat and drive over to town.Grab my van, start heading home. Flip my van just outside of town... GREAT. Take my moped out of the van, drive it home. Grab my tractor to flip over the van. Tractor goes like 20km/h    Get to where the van is, takes 15 minutes of messing around to flip the van. Leave the tractor there drive the van back home. Take the moped to go pick up the tractor drive that back.Realise I'm almost out of diesel in the tractor so I decide to take the jerry can to town to fill up. Its not until I get there that I realise the green jerry can is for gasoline only and theres a black jerry can at home for diesel.Drive back, decide to take my car I built to fill up both jerry cans and grab some other stuff.Make it to town in my car, fill up the jerry cans, grab a bunch of supplies (beer, food, etc...) load up the car. Make it halfway home and my car breaks down... Try to walk home, end up dying.Bring my pumper truck to tow my car to the mechanic. Show up to find the grocery bag from the store had exploded the contents inside my car so my car is loaded with sausage / pizza / milk / sugar / yeast / beer / everything...Tow the car to the mechanics... manage to only lose the rear bumper on the trip there (damn car moves like a water skier behind a boat, left to right to left to right)Grab a small amount of the stuff out of the car and head home to wait for the repairs to be done.Repairs done, I decide to head to the mechanics with the pumper truck to tow the car home so I don't have to go back with the moped and retrieve one of the vehicles. Make the genius decision to take the highway.Car driving towards me decides to come into my lane... I swerve with the pumper truck but he nails my car I'm towing behind me.Muffler, beer, sausage, jerry cans, everything goes flying all over the road.At this point I decided to load what I could find into the car and drive it back and pick up the pumper truck later because towing sucks balls.Barely make it home in the car, its overheating again. Check fluids its out of oil / coolant and won't hold either... another ♥♥♥♥ing trip to the mechanic.But now I gotta wait by the phone for people to call jobs in so I can afford to.Sorry for the long review but if you aren't willing to do what I just described then this game probably isn't for you hahaha.I got 26 hours played as of this review in less than a week. Its fun if you can handle it. Enjoy."
,Recommended,516750,32311730,Posted: 10 June,all,Slim Sleeve Steve,>Brew kilju>Put kilju in back of van>Deliver kilju to the drunk guy>Start driving towards the main city on the highway>About half way there>See green car in the distance>FeelsScaryMan>Green car starts swerving towards me in my lane>Drive off the road in fear of the green car>Hit tree on side of the road>Die_______________________________________________>Start New game>Go to the village in the van to buy food and car things>Things purchased>FeelsGoodMan>On my way back home>Lose control of the van>Crash into tree>Not playing in perma-death>Respawn>Start driving the moped to retrieve the van>As I start to peak over a hill>GREEN CAR IN MY LANE>I crash into the green car head on>Boy dead in moped accident10/10 gameEdit: Added another EXCELENT experience
76561198000449105,Recommended,516750,32708126,Posted: 23 June,all,DjPoontangy,"Loving this game! There is nearly nothing to hate about it.The only real complaints are lack of vehicles in terms of what you can build, and varieties to build, And the fact we have to save and quit to the main menu instead of maybe resting and saving real quick.Now, What do i have to say?The game is a time hog! You'll be in it for hours on your first build, And it's great!The jobs are hilariously good, And i love the hilarious insults! ""Go to pus*y"" lmaoIf you love building, Creating, And living your creations dream, This is the game!The best part is seeing how durable your car finally is, With your own tuning and everything!It takes time, And its well worth it. Even if there isn't so much to do right now, You always find your self doing something anyway.I've wasted hours just watching the tv and drinking beer for no reason, With my hand in my pants (in my mind) like im AL Bundy.Get this game, TRUST ME."
76561198061896831,Recommended,516750,26545080,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Random Axis,"It's like someone read my Car Mechanic Simulator review, and then hopped in their time machine to go into the past and makethisgame.  Build a car, do menial jobs, race car, drink beer.  If there were more guns around it would be a perfect simulation of Northern Michigan."
,Recommended,516750,33469681,Posted: 11 July,all,Mr. Rawbawto,My Summer Car is the Dark Souls of racing games - Modern gaming journalist
,Recommended,516750,31926493,Posted: 23 May,all,Bad Quaker,"After several hours, I had almost finished building my car for the first time. I needed to get another bottle of brake fluid and figured I'd try my first septic pumping job along the way. Found the place, opened the septic cover, pulled the hose out of the truck, then fell into spetic tank and died.I was playing in permadeath mode. My nearly complete car was gone.I cried tears of pure joy."
,Recommended,516750,26248863,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,bagfragr,">Get pulled over by police for breathalyzer test>Propercitizen.jpg>Pass test>Grab beer from beercase hidden in passenger footspace>Throw bottle at officer>Pop the clutch in 80's japanese van, doing massive burnout>Leave in style, beercase jingling, and radio blasting nature talkshowsFinnish summer simulator 19955/5 GameEasy GOTY awardT: Finn"
,Recommended,516750,29252701,Posted: 14 January,all,S1L3NC10,"11/10 Would Rate AgainLemme start off by saying, this has to be the best unity game ever created. Kudos to ToplessGun for creating such a unique and original game. I built the car multiple times, died hundreds of times, and still keep playing. This game has amazing replayability.I love this game, it's very realistic for the game it is, and always keeps my on my feet.This has to be my favorite game of 2016, thanks alot!"
,Recommended,516750,33788779,Posted: 25 July,all,Spikedupine,"Very fun, but hate how you can't pause the game and you can only save at certain points so that if real life calls you can't just stop right away and go"
,Recommended,516750,31054083,Posted: 9 April,all,"Mr. ""Pro Lizardfricker"" Argent","Superficially one of the many survival sims we've seen a glut of lately, My Summer Car isn't much to look at when you first start it up. However, with time i found that it stands out from the crowd with an eclectic setting and framing device seldom seen in games, a quirky and vulgar but never uncouth or insensitive sense of humor, and a remarkably fleshed out car customization system which tasks you with building the titular car from a pile of bolts and metal. This is a game that goes above and beyond in terms of detail, yet has a presentation so humble it borders on parody.Sure, it's not some super fancy production, it's cryptic, and it's somewhat awkward to play by necessity; However if you perservere you'll find yourself engrossed in a legitimate learning experience where you'll learn some things about automotive repair and the Finnish language. It's not gonna be everyone's cup of tea, but it's got character. It's got personality, and that gives it a charm all it's own. I'd definitely say that if you're a gearhead or a casual player looking for a new experience, at $15 MSC is well worth the cost of entry."
,Recommended,516750,34247215,Posted: 14 August,all,brandenburg,I spent two hours trying to pull a van out of a lake. 10/10
76561198043182317,Recommended,516750,26237473,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,CaptainTesticles,"I've played a lot of hard games, and when I say this is the hardest one I have played that is not exaggeration. I am a huge car buff, I was looking forward to just getting in and building a car; it was not that simple. My first objective is to head to the store, I need beer and sausages. Sounds simple, right? Well about 8 tries later and it's not that simple. So I move on to just assembling the engine. And wow, is this good. It's so extremlely hard, and true to life. It lets you make mistakes. If you forget a bolt its not stopping you from moving on. It is so frustrating and it is so hard but you don't want to stop. It doesn't just make you angry. The game has so much heart and character into, it is amazing. I can not reccomend it enough at this price point. That said, this game is not for everyone if what I said above does not sound like fun... You might not want it."
,Recommended,516750,26375653,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,[κρά]Kizz,"Oh my, where do I start.I love this game. The car building is so immersive and rewarding, and requires either a lot of time or real world car knowledge. The less you know the more you'll learn and the more fun you will have.The store and money in the game makes upgrading and doing jobs have purpose.The game is full of soul and sillyness. Highly entertaining.You should not take this game seriously, but you will. Things will bug out or go wrong, and you will lose your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Eventually though, things will go just right and you will feel so rewarded. When you turn the key for the first time and the fan belt screeches, engine ticks, coolant shoots everywhere, and so on, your heart will race and you will shout with joy. Then, and only then will you begin to realize the depth and love put into the game. Tweaking and tuning will feel so rewarding and eventually you will have a car you're proud of.You'll WANT to suck♥♥♥♥♥♥so you can get those new wheels and tires. You will be terrified to stop on the main road. You will hate going to the sauna.The game is far from perfect, and that is exactly what makes the game so good. I have not been so captivated by a game since first playing Minecraft back in early alpha. This game will get better, but don't wait, this game is well worth the price, and, even if you only play it for a few hours, you will love it just for the silly Fin♥♥♥♥♥♥that it introduces.*Turns up and slams 3 beers for Finland*Viikkkttaaaa Sataaannaaaa"
,Recommended,516750,28429189,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Hauptmann Unten,"When SJWs claim that white countries have no culture, show them this"
76561198261355688,Recommended,516750,29496336,Posted: 25 January,all,Driver915,"If you want to experience the real world, building cars, driving large semis, and some laughs, get this game! :D"
76561198025051840,Recommended,516750,30911878,Posted: 2 April,all,Tsooji,"I spent 20 minutes trying to figure out how to open up the toolbox, realized I don't know anything about cars. Spent another 20 minutes trying to figure out how to use the van, realized I don't know how to drive a stick. Spent another 20 minutes frantically trying to keep the van between the ditches, realized you can't start a van under water.10/10."
,Recommended,516750,28515385,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Takumi Fujiwara,"You can build a car, eat sausages and drink beer. 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26247839,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Bludog35,"This game is by far the best game I have played in a long long while.  It's 100 percent self aware, and is the perfect combination of frustratingly difficult and ""proper"" gameplay that I personally enjoy from a game.  It's incomplete and shows, but I don't care.  Graphics aren't very pretty, but Again, I don't care.  Too many games today are pretty, but incredibly hollow when it comes to actual gameplay and replay value.  This game has massive ammounts of replay value.  There is no tutorial.  You are thrust into the bachelor life of a finnish man who appears to be the local handyman.  Hilarity usually ensues.The highlights of my first 3 to 4 hours with this game include:Wake up in a home with nothing but a pack of sausage and a case of beer.Explore the garage containing a vehicle that has been torn down to it's basic components that I am tasked with re assembling.Notice my hunger is rather high and must fetch nourishment from store.Get in van, fumble with controls and promptly become lost in the finnish countryside.Stumble upon an abandoned runway and turn around.Drive the opposite direction and eventually find the store but it's closed as it is now dark.Go to the pub next door where I can at least live off beer and pub food untill morning.Eventually the store opens and I purchase supplies, load them into my van and set off for home.  Fatigue meter REDMake it back home, put away food and sleep.Wake up to phone ringing.  It's a drunk man at the pub asking for a ride home.Load van with case of beer, get in, and drive to pub.Pick up said drunk who promptly falls asleep in his seat.  I keep driving and proceed to roll my van on a dirt road less than a half Km from home.I decide the best thing to do is to drink all my beer.  I don't have enough to black out and respawn.I wobble down the road towards home to fetch the tractor to rescue van.Make it to tractor, which runs out of gas within sight of van...   I have given up all hope and just restart the game.All this had me♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself laughing as it happened and I'm not the slightest bit upset restarting.10 out of 10.   Great game!"
76561198327105646,Recommended,516750,30438158,Posted: 10 March,all,redmondson86,"I played this a few versions back, and it was a great idea. I just do not have the time or patience to play it. For someone who likes open style puzzle games and have a hundred hours or so to spare, I think they would love this game. After about an hour and half of playing, I requested a refund because it just wasn't for me, but I know this would be highly appealing to more committed gamers than myself. So I'm still recommending it for that reason."
,Recommended,516750,31842170,Posted: 19 May,all,MALKAVIAN SHITLORD,100% true-to-life 1990s Finngolian Survival/Car Mechanic/Public Urination simulator. I've learned more about irl car maintenance in the first 5 hours in game than my dad was able to teach me in the first 18 years of my life.5/5 Breddy Gud :DDD
,Recommended,516750,34071969,Posted: 6 August,all,Dayz Me Rollin',"Excellent Simulator of Finnish life in 1995Pros;-Detailed assembly of a 988cc Datsun A10 engine-Pretty good vehicular physics for a Unity game-Fun to mess around with Ai & Car itself ; i.e seeing how it runs with various parts removed ;)-Wheel Support is nice, FFB is a little weak though, would like to see the thresholds get a little tougher & smoother-Usually receives updates every 25-31 days followed by bugfixes for a few days afterwards, sneak peaks of updates are typically on the game's official twitter accounttwitter.com/mysummercargame-Grueling rally that WILL push you, but when you're done, oh damn is it rewarding to come out alive with a 5< minute timeCons;-Framerate behaves strangely, going from my old 750ti to a 1060 6gb ""only"" yielded about 15fps & Pushes my 4790k to the edge with V-SYNC disabled usually at >60% usage (I suspect this is rather CPU heavy as it ""only"" uses 1.4GB of VRAM)-Some dialogue isn't translated into the yellow English subtitles-Not for the faint of heart-NON-Driving physics are a little buggy on occaision-Not that much to do after finishing the car & putting the racing parts on itWill add more as the game is further developed :)"
76561198000544455,Recommended,516750,26622408,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,SLR,"Just forget about funny glitches, physics bugs or any other Unity nonseses...this is certainly SOMETHING ELSE, out of the box, beyond the belief...in its own way it's absolutely flawless gem which worth every penny.So, if you are secretly a Finn or true petrolhead in general, this is MUST TRY experiece.Just try SURVIVE this damn Finnish summer, and have some fun along the way!"
76561198251722424,Recommended,516750,34880088,Posted: 11 September,all,shadow king,they should implement a towing service in game to retreive a stuck vehicle
,Recommended,516750,26280852,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dracunos,"Here's my very first experience with this game:Saw the millions of parts in the garage.. Said 'wtf is a halfshaft?' and promptly turned around and walked away..Learned to pee and save. Hung up on some guy asking for wood.Tried to do my first drive at night to get some food, but couldn't see crap with the crappy headlights. I became discouraged and turned around, and found my way back home and went to sleep.The next day I learned to drive. It took a while. Then I drove to town for food, which took forever, and I kept getting lost.Finally found the town, bought some snacks, paid for them. Went outside and fueled up, which took forever, and went home, which took a long time.Had a small disagreement with a tree.Phone was ringing as I pulled back up to my house. It was the shop owner.. Apparently I had forgotten to pay him for the fuel. So I hang up and unplug the phone.I broke my grocery bag, so I had to tediously carry each item into the kitchen/garage one at a time. It took forever.Learned to bathe like a Finnish man. Heating it up takes a while.I finally find the basketball that goes to that basketball hoop, and accidentally get it stuck on top of the house on my first throw.Got way too excited when I find a flashlight.Went pee and saved.-----------------------------------------------All in all, I've never experienced such a horribly realistic game.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,516750,26225177,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Insane Zane,I've spent 6 hours on it already? it took 2 - 3 hours to build my car which instantly broke down but i relieved stress by getting drunk on a boat and chopping logs. Worth the money!
,Recommended,516750,26273212,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Marauder Shields,"Great game, would rate it around 7.5/10Cars ✓Trucks ✓Tractor ✓Boat ✓Beer ✓Sauna ✓Good FPS ✓Teimo ✓Markka-Lama ✓Perk*le ✓Perma death ✓"
76561197971748147,Recommended,516750,26683631,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,thirsty_tourist,"This game is addictive. After close to 20 hours in-game I had learned to drive pretty well. I earned money delivering firewood and emptying sewage. I learned that some settings reset during save and reload. I learned to always mind my fatique and keep food, beer, tools and extra gas/diesel with me wherever I went. I learned not to answer the phone during a thunder storm.I got confident and started a new game with permadeath on.  It started well, I had the car put together, engine was running well. This time I had adjusted everything correctly. But there was one thing I had not tried. To drive my drunk friend home from the bar. It was dark. I drove my van in the highway, switching off highbeams as oncoming cars drove past me. As I was approaching town, there were one more set of headlights coming at me. About 50 meters the truck veered sharply into my lane straight into my lights. I tried to evade to the right but could not prevent head on collision. Instant death. Why? Why did he want to kill me? Was it the beer truck? With a drunk driver?I'm starting from the beginning again. Will not use the highway at night."
,Recommended,516750,26497205,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,"DIBS Aii, Sixty",This has got to be the best car building and maintaining simulator ever.It is hard in some areas and is alot of trial and error but if you like cars and building them this is the game for you.This is also an early acces game so there will be lots of updates and who knows what could happen.This game is amazing imagin with some updates how good it could be.
,Recommended,516750,33320395,Posted: 6 July,all,Glory to Arstotzka!,10/10This game encouraged me to start learning Finnish.
,Recommended,516750,26345968,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Aldriel,"Right off the bat, this game isn't for everyone.The frustration and despair in building the car the first few times will get to some people, but to people that like to tinker and learn by trial and error, this is a really fun car building simulator.I've spent 32.5 hours (at the time of writing) on the game, and I've build the Satsuma to working order around 6 to 7 times by now. Still haven't gotten it inspected, because I've died... horribly.The game has various modes of transportation, you have a small boat, a van, a tractor and a sewage truck.You also get various tasks by phone from the other residents of the area, and that's your source of money for building your car, and buying your supplies. Missions right now include driving the village drunk home from the pub, delivering firewood to said village drunk, and emptying sewage wells.When you finally start building your car, some engine building guides are really handy, and will make life a bit easier, but be prepared, your first build will likely take more than 8 hours to get the car in working order.The game has permadeath, but it can be toggled off if you want.Controls take a bit to get used to, and you can review the controls from the game menu by pressing F1.The physics of the game can sometimes be really buggy, and cause some frustration, and the driving is pretty hard, you can't really go full throttle when you start driving the first time.The game is currently in Early Access, and while I know there are bugs, I haven't come across anything really gamebreaking by now myself, but that can happen. So, be aware of that.All in all, if you're a person who likes to tinker, likes cars and building them, and learning by trial and error is your thing, I can wholeheartedly recommend this game."
,Recommended,516750,28818078,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Kermit The OG,Step 1: Build a carStep 2: Realise you do not know how to build a carStep 3: Look up a tutorial on how to build the carStep 4: Build the carStep 5: Pull the car out and realize you forgot to tighten the motor down as it pops outStep 6: Fix itStep 7: Pump crap so you can buy more beerStep 8: Get to drunk and die driving backStep 9: Turn off permadeath like a cowardStep 10: spend hours more of your time playing.
,Recommended,516750,31987130,Posted: 26 May,all,sethy1124,"This an amazing game, now do not mistake amazing for fun or easy. This is a miserable and hard game, you will want to break things. But I guarantee that this game will grow on you and have a special place in your heart."
,Recommended,516750,28231487,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Werwolf,"So, I am about ten hours in now, and thought I would leave my feedback.TL;DR - BUY IT MORONSo, there I was, in my house. I was bound and determined not to use any kind of guide or anything, preferring to figure things out on my own. I ran around like an idiot for a while, checking things out, figuring out what keys did what, how to use tools and the sauna and whatnot. There went about four hours and a large part of my sanity... an hour alone was spent trying to start the damn van, only to end up figuring out I had it in gear. DUH! Proceed to town, buy some food, beer, more beer, and some automotive stuff. Fan belt, fluids and whatnot.Several beers and a two hour drive home later, I decided to start tackling building the engine. I wobbled my way to the garage, and spent another hour being OCD as hell (and drunk as hell) rearranging parts in the way I wanted them to be and in the order I was going to build. I also managed to push the hulk of my car into my garage and get it up on jacks. (Do you have any idea how hard it is to jack a car up while drunk as hell, randomly urinating all over your shop? Outside the shop door and to the left, that is my preferred pee spot...)  Suddenly realizing I was exhausted and it was dark, I went to bed and slept a drunk slumber.Awaking the next morning, hung over as dogshit, I decided to finish the car come hell or high water. I had stocked up on food, beer, and had also filled my diesel and gasoline cans as well as the van when I went on the store run, so I felt like i was in good shape. I started the sauna heater, and went outside to work on the car. Fast forward several hours and many, many beers later, The car was done! It was finally put together! Jesus christ, the exhaust pipe and the fuel strainer... whyyyy?!?!? What did I ever do to yoU!!!?? Elated at my success, and exhausted (and drunk as♥♥♥♥♥♥ again) I decided to await to try my first startup for the next morning. I Stumbled my way to bed and passed out.Sunrise, day three. The big day! Excited, I quickly ate, drank, and of course took my morning sauna and♥♥♥♥♥♥ and went outside to tinker on the car. So close! I emptied the gascan into the tank, crossed my fingers, and turned the key. With a cough and a roar, she barked to life! I actually did a fist pump and went YEEAH, until I let off the gas, heard the violent amount of lifter tick, and it immediately backfired, turned off, and would not restart. Awesome.I decided it was a good idea to go ahead and upgrade to racing carbs, having isolated my carb tuning as the problem. So I filled out the form in my magazine, grabbed the envelope, and tossed it into the pump truck along with a case of beer and a couple packs of sausages. I had spent most of my money on fuel and supplies earlier, so it was time to pump some♥♥♥♥♥♥After three successful♥♥♥♥♥♥pumpings, I returned home to sleep. Waking up the next morning, I went back out in the pump truck to pump more♥♥♥♥♥♥... Making my way to Perajarvi, I had to stop and take a♥♥♥♥♥♥ as well as drink a few more beers *hic* and eat some macaroni. I was merrily making my way into the outskirts of town when it happened.Out of gas! Then, as I am in the process of diagnosing why my truck shut off at full speed, blind curve! I slammed on the brakes in panic, but since I had been using them pretty actively, the air pressure in the system was too low! I shot off the curve, rode on three wheels for about four seconds, and ended up in a ditch laying on my side. In a truck half full of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Awesome.So, I did what any responsible Finn would do. I got out, drank a few beers, and contemplated my situation. It was almost dark, I was tired, and my truck was laying on its side. I grabbed the empty Diesel can I had brought with me, threw it on top of the case of beer (which was now mostly empty) and began the slow trudge to town. Ten minutes later, I was at the taven/store, with the tavern side being open and the store closed since it was now nighttime. It had been a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ day, no pun intended. I had some sausage and fries, several shots, and even more beers. I stumbled outside onto the patio, making my way to the restroom to♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the walls (and save my game) when I passed out, stone drunk. I slept til morning.When I woke up, I was beside the road just outside of town, obviously haven drunkwalked a little ways during the night. Hungry, thirsty, and resigned to a long walk back home to get the tractor, I trudged into town to have some food and a few beers ( I will only have three, I swear!) before setting out. Lo and behold.... Not only am I out of food, beer, water, transportation and patience, but I am also out of money, as it turns out!! Yeah, I have literally no idea what to do now. I laughed and laughed, saved my game, and came right to Steam to write this review. The developer was right... it's not that he wanted to make this game, it's that this game just HAD TO BE MADE.I think I am in love. This reminds me of college. 10/10, would roll♥♥♥♥♥♥truck and run out of beer and money again!"
76561198027152881,Recommended,516750,32700642,Posted: 23 June,all,Kayra,"FINLAND SIMULATOR! Strangely fun and each time I play I find myself losing hours of my life. Its silly and fun but also really annoying in some places, but I felt so accomplished once I got the car running and was able to drive it.. for a few seconds before the drive gear fell out. forgot a bolt, whoops :DThe controlls can be a bit hard to get used to at first and the driving takes some learning but the game has a charm of its own that I feel like you should experiance if you like this type of game (I call them work simulators, like harvest moon or stardew valley, euro truck, farming sim, etc).I blame Robbaz for my purchase of this game, but I don't regret it. 10/10 would fall in septic tank and die again"
,Recommended,516750,32820452,Posted: 26 June,all,tbrownx13,Great game and every update makes it better!
,Recommended,516750,28180929,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,vACLav,"-bought the game-anti virus thought it was a trojan (kaspersky)-anti virus deletes ""trojan"" in game makes it no longer work-pause anti virus-drive to store buy timming belt-drive back-build whole engine-its 130am-close game-anti virus all of a sudden becomes sentient and deletes ""trojan""-kills my save10/10 GOTY"
76561198054181001,Recommended,516750,31459041,Posted: 30 April,all,dementedweasel1,"Ok, first I want to say it's not your normal game. It's not very graphics detailed and there's really not a whole lot to do. However, once you kind of figure it out it's quite intoxicating. For one thing, you can drink beer and get drunk, pee on everything, flip people the bird and swear in Finnish at them. The only objective really is to build your car, fix it up and enter it in a rally. But to do that requires a whole lot of work. And the game has a whole lot of traps to trip you up on the way. First, you have to tend to your needs or else you die in the game. You got hunger, thirst, fatigue, dirtiness, and you must pee once in a while. Otherwise you die. So, you must buy food and beer at the shop. Vehicles must be fueled at the shop as well. All thiis costs money. You earn money by driving your poop truck and sucking peoples poop out. I know, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ job but that's life. You can also split firewood and deliver it in your tractor and trailer. You can find old wrecks and tow it to the mechanic for more income. Sometimes there's special jobs like driving a drunk home or dumping poop at the inspection station for coveted booze. Along your journey is an array of obstacles. You have train tracks to cross and hope the train isn't coming. There's some maniac in a green car that'll run into you trying to kill you on the dirt roads, there's cops on the highway that will clock your speed and pull you over for a sobriety check. Infractions cost you money. Speeding trucks on the highway will run you over if they can causing instant death. Meanwhile, there's a lot of little irritations that will make you mad. The store has got a punk kid parked playing duff-duff music. Dogs and coo-coo birds at night, mosquitos buzzing you all the time and jut some rude npcs. Meanwhile your stats get worse and you need to stop and eat, drink,♥♥♥♥♥♥and sauna to get clean. And sleep too. Failing to do so will result in death. There is only a few save points in the game and the only place to sleep is in your home or the poop truck. Believe me the game got better when a few more save points were added. More obstacles include dirt roads no bigger than goat paths and sliding off the road getting stuck is a daily occurance. Not to mention the maniac in that green Fiat he's driving. The nights in the game are truly black as pitch and to me unplayable during that time. To top it all the game is overall very glitchy and extremely frustrating. However, this game comes with my highest recommondation. The trick is to put your goal orientated mind in neutral and see the game for what it is. Basically a rather entertaing time waster. Have fun, drink beer and get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d then go suck♥♥♥♥♥♥for cash.♥♥♥♥♥♥on the punk kid in the yellow Capri Ghia and flip him off telling him to go to ♥♥♥♥♥ in Finnish and watch him crash into buildings. Dump poop in front of the inspection building where you have to go get your license plates. In other words, just don't take it so seriously. Oh by the way, if you think building 1 car is easy you ain't played this game. The build is so intricate that it makes Car mechanic Simulator look like Gearhead Garage. I'm a mechanic and i had troubles with this one. The inventor of this game has got to be a sadist, a humorist and a flippin genious. But played in the right frame of mind will give you hours of entertainment t say the least. Just remember to save the game often as tragedy could be just around the corner. And it usually is."
,Recommended,516750,34744008,Posted: 4 September,all,IC,Greatest achievement of the finnish race. Brilliant. Masterpiece.
,Recommended,516750,26203630,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Lundy,"-Goes for drunk joyride in van blasting music-Cops stop me at checkpoint-Curses at pigs and flips the bird-Cop gives breath test-Pushes cop down, killing him-Cop tries to fine me-Pisses on police cruiser-Runs into van and drives off-Cops try to chase me-Flips van-Sirens wailing closer and closer as bleed out"
76561198010342156,Recommended,516750,31102114,Posted: 12 April,all,CarbonLies,"The AI... will truly make you feel like this is a game of survival.This is the sort of game where it's better to take things slow and steady, rather than try to save time.To new players: Do yourself a huge favor, and read some guides. It will save you HOURS of frustration.This game is very unique. I have never played anythng like it. It's a love/hate relationship, really. It can be great fun, but it takes work to get there."
76561198007222085,Recommended,516750,33970739,Posted: 2 August,all,TOG | schießen,I want to live in Finland and build a car....... all whilst drinking heavily..... awesome game but my god its brutal.... ineed another drink ;)
76561197971642253,Recommended,516750,26630357,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,miqqa,"Perfect game! Unless you have short temper... but for people who are looking for challenge and great experience, This game is the one for you!"
76561198147938850,Recommended,516750,33662670,Posted: 19 July,all,smalls,needs more naked ladies
76561198281473721,Recommended,516750,30258396,Posted: 1 March,all,Under Sheriff Joey (X-9),love this game wish there were another car we could build :)
,Recommended,516750,26492396,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ShaymusDub,"First, a quick story. Tried an end-to-end sewage run three times unsuccessfully - first time I drowned in a septic tank, second time the truck got hopeless stuck in a ditch, and the third time I thought I had it made when I turned onto the highway right in front of a logging truck, which T-boned and flipped me. My fourth attempt was nothing short of harrowing. Successfully made three stops. Got tipsy and won money at the pub slot machine. Got onto the highway during a rainstorm, lost control, flipped the truck in the middle of the road. All I can do is wait. Sure enough, another logging truck screams up and slams into my truck, flipping it BACK UPRIGHT. I jump back in and am giddy. Blow the cop stop, let them chase me. Decide better and stop to pay the fine, and make it home with zero gas and red-lined fatigue. All worth it.Here are my thoughts so far:- This is the first driving sim that has ever made me use real-world driving principles: Drive defensively, not recklessly. Decelerate for turns, stop at all major intersections and look for cars, do not drive too fast anywhere. It's a hell of a lot of fun to drive in this game. I recommend turning off auto-clutch, unless you simply have no clue how manual transmissions work. Even so, turn it off and see if you can figure it out.- The game is punshing, but it needs to be in order to instill the type of driving skills described above. One time I went out on a firewood run way too late in the day and by the time I got to the customer I couldn't see what I was doing and had to give up - this just makes you plan your day more intelligently.- Building the car is way too much fun. By the time you're done you feel invested. I know nothing about cars, but playing Car Mechanic Simulator prior to this actually helped me piece the thing together with only occasional glances at websites. The first time you peel out of the driveway you're elated. It's a rush that's worth the $14.99 by itself.- Troubleshooting and engine tuning adds an even more immersive level. Once you've got your baby running, there's a bunch of things to tweak to perfect it. Growing up I used to watch some guys across the street from me♥♥♥♥♥♥around with their cars all day long; now I kinda get it.- So many intuitive and interesting control choices. Most intuitive award goes to the urination feature with its multi-function key; simply brilliant (only makes it better that the default key is ""P"").Right now as it's in development I will not post a list of gripes. I have them, but the enjoyment I've gained even at this early stage far outweighs any complaints I might have. If you like this type of game, you won't regret the $14.99."
,Recommended,516750,26213820,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,WhackyCast,"I've waited quite some time for this game. Before I start explaining myself a little bit, here's a video (in english) if you want to check out what it looks like and sort of how it plays..https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiAj-aRbiOcLet's start off with the pros and cons:Pros:- Good humour- Good amount of content- Drunk people- Controls for swearing,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ flipping a finger and hitting people.- Feels good to drive a car and die- Gambling- Beer- Tractor with working hydraulics- Chopping woodCons:- Needs a flyswatterI've only scratched the surface of this game but so far it's incredibly fun, and I can't wait to make more videos on this masterpiece. The fact that you acctually have to assemble the whole car from start to finish is something I haven't seen in any other games before, and damnit I'm gonna finnish my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little car.I can recommend this game, to anyone that wants to find out what it's like to be a finnish person."
,Recommended,516750,26406300,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,[CRG]DoodleZilla,"Absolute madness.This simulator is difficult, and time consuming.Very early stages of game progression regarding myself, and the devlopers. But, still the game functionality is working well.Absolutely hilarious.Drink beer, wine and god knows what else to come. Wabble all over for ages, and go drive and crash.Insane survival game. Probably for all the wrong reasons..All-in-all, this is a game I should detest coming from all other serious competition car simulator games.But, I don't. It's mental, highly addictive, and a challenge.The delevoper has focused on the smaller things in a simulator which many haven't. Makes a change. Bravo.I HIGHLY recommend this game... Oddly enough! :D"
,Recommended,516750,29902562,Posted: 13 February,all,FilthyLeech,omg!! :othis game is so f*cking hilarious!! xDthe developers have beautifully captured the true essence of being a finn. :pi can highly recommend this game to anyone who's interested in the rural finnish white trash culture!! :D
76561197977222567,Recommended,516750,26242274,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Pyrodyne,"Spent a few days and nights wrenching away, getting the engine put together. Didn't support the car and nearly dropped it on my head trying to put the subframe in.Ran out of food, but had plenty of beer... kept hydrated but was starving.Peed on the engine because it wasn't going together so easy and because beer helps decision making skills.Took off in the van, got a lot of speed up heading into town.Passing car going the other way spooked me, van handled like a van.Slammed into a tree sideways doing about 80 after catching air off a rough patch of dirt..Cue sorrowful music and a newspaper showing the gruesome scene in black and white with the tragic news of another youth's wasted life.I can't wait to see it some time from now when it has some more polish to it."
,Recommended,516750,34263511,Posted: 15 August,all,[Cpl] V.Lechkyn [PTF] (Vladyk),"This isn't only a car building simulator, it's a way of life."
,Recommended,516750,29347469,Posted: 18 January,all,Daggie | TFM,"I am absolutley in love with this Finnish suana and beer simulator. I have started the game over multiple times because of how much I love putting the car together, best game I have played in a while by far! Sure it has its quirks and glitches, but for an early access game, it is amazing. Would reccommend to anyone!"
76561198018229874,Recommended,516750,26424235,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,^ Dan,"Following F1 for years I've always wonder why Kimi Raikkönen's accent was so strange, as his person (love how peculiar the that guy is by the way), now everything makes perfect sense!!I never thought that a indie developer consisting of ONE GUY would deliver us the most immersive experience that I've ever seen on a game. This game gives you nothing, you have to learn all by yourself through blood and tears but boy, the accomplishment you have when you first finish your car, that absolute piece of garbage, must be very close to the real deal!Working on fixing minor problems and fine tuning the car, can't wait for my mods to arrive in the shop! I WANT MORE OF THIS!!!PROS:- Ultra immersive- Ultimate finnish life simulator- Great game mechanics and car physics- Loads os additional fun time if you have a wheelCONS:- Some minor glitches (that will not bother you at all, you are too distracted having so much fun)- Extreme learning curve (perhaps not for the average player)- Life consumingThis is an early stage game, i can't wait for more to come!"
76561198142285886,Recommended,516750,31065389,Posted: 10 April,all,NCR Veteran Ranger,A great Finnish Simulator.Pros:1.Beer lots of it.2.Septic Tank3.Watch as you pour♥♥♥♥♥♥all over your customers4.Build your very own car5.Flick off everyone you hate6.BeerCons:1. Not enough room in your car or Septic truck to store beer in.10/10 Did I mention BEER?
76561197970887304,Recommended,516750,26283489,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,wily_ubertrout,"The game is solid, if taken as advertised. I can see playing this for a long time, most especially due to the steep learning curve. Figuring out how to use each vehicle is really fun, and then there's the pile of parts in the garage. As a drunk sim it feels pretty accurate too. My only complaint is that the car radios should have some built in stations, mouse-wheeling is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Mosquito buzzing might be annoying but it's nothing compared to camping at Waldo Lake in early summer; I can tell that the Finns have their own analogue."
76561198168934485,Recommended,516750,34718792,Posted: 3 September,all,Mr. Krabs,"#WeWantTurbos. Other than that 10/10. Also 10/10 this game will make you rage. And within the first 20 mins of playing I wanted a refund, but it turned out to be a good game."
,Recommended,516750,26259491,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,HelkamaKulkuri,I know almost nothing about building cars but luckily you can do lots of other things in this game than that. It's a great drinking simulator and you can go to a sauna in it. And you already have some drivable cars if you can get them to start and know something about the mechanics of operating one. And if you are finnish or understand the language well it will give you good laughs on some points. Almost the only real bad thing i've found so far is that the charachter is always walking when not driving and if you manage to drive a car on it's side in the middle of nowhere it's pretty much game over cause it seems almost impossible to get the car back on it's tires and it takes forever to reach any distant places by walking. :D
,Recommended,516750,30050979,Posted: 19 February,all,Estranged Daemon,i've spent 5.3 hours crashing my van and dying and i still want to play more.
,Recommended,516750,29076270,Posted: 6 January,all,[Rta] ChaoticGwyn,"This recommendation comes on shaky ground, because while I do admire the premise, execution, and ambition of this game, there's still evidently much more to be done for this game before it can be considered fully playable and tolerable.The idea itself is great and well done on its base level; you're stuck with the chasis of a car and putting it all together from scratch. Excluding actually sticking your body through the chasis to screw in hidden bolts, building the car feels ultra-realistic and immersive. There's no manual within the game itself, but I felt no shame finding a guide because it really does feel like how building a car would be in real life; finding what goes with what, in what order, and how to put it all together. All the time I spent building the car felt rewarding, especially when I finally got it started and moving.Then came the driving itself, well actually that happened before all the building because you pretty much have to start the game with a drive to the store to grab oil, brake fluid, coolant, a fan belt, and all the food and drink you'll need to guarantee you won't have to go back for at least a week in-game time. You won't want to go back because the journey to the store is hell, just like getting anywhere in the game is. I'm not knocking that, it's actually pretty enjoyable to a point and the first burst of satisfaction from accomplishing something in the game. Something I remember feeling when I first started playing this game is just howfastthe driving feels. Going just 40 km/h already feels so fast, which is something I can't say I've felt in any other driving game. That alone is a worthy point of praise.But I've tried driving on both a keyboard and a controller, making the proper adjustments for both, and neither seem to give me the proper amount of control I want. Maybe I have it set to turn too hard, or it's just not correcting fast enough, I don't know exactly, but the options themselves (primarily fast steering rate and non-steering linearity) are confusing enough to figure out just what they change. If you want to get the most from this game, you need a steering wheel, plain and simple. Maybe that's an obvious point for any driving game, but there's a notable difference here, I feel.The life simulation aspect is an extra layer of interesting detail, forcing you to balance time spent building your car with caring for your basic needs. But this also reaches its own breaking point, being easily the most unfinished part of the game. Only being able to carry one thing at a time becomes frustrating, but that's not as bad as literally being unable to sleep anywhere except your bed at home. The developer has stated they plan on adding a feature allowing you to basically sleep anywhere, which will be a much needed fix. But as it stands, the game has too many seemingly immersion breaking features, in particular slow, fatal crashes, that break both the simulation aspect and especially the permadeath feature. Turning off the permadeath is maybe evenmorefrustrating though, as instead of reverting to your previous state, it throws you back home and leaves your vehicle in the place you died.It may seem I have more negative than positive to say for the game, but this is after 40 hours of gametime, full of some frustrating reset points, but plenty of fun too. I see a lot of potential in this game, and where it is now it's a fun experiment worth the price tag. And after some time, I can see myself coming back to this game to put in hours more."
,Recommended,516750,26530430,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Cuntlord_McFaggotFace (BlueLM),"First a Disclaimer: This game has no tutorial, it has no ""easy"" mode. You have to figure everything out on your own.If you do not like small details and having to pay attention to them, then this game may not be for you.This game is very ""technical"" in approach, more than any video game I have ever played. You have to play it like it is your life on the line, because death comes extremely easy. A basic background in automobiles is helpful, because building the car from scratch is exactly that. You are given the (numerous) pieces and you must put them together, there are no instructions. This game is beyond frustrating, when you spend hours building your car, stocking up on supplies, and earning money. All to forget to bolt down your drivers seat, have it fall over, and you hit a tree and die. It makes you swear like a sailor, however the levels of satisfaction that can be had in this game are immense, nothing is better than starting the engine in your first car for the first time. It is a hard game, but a fair hard, a real hard, a GOOD hard."
,Recommended,516750,26345099,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Midnitewarrior4,"open up gameget into van, turn on van and put in gear... van doesnt move... forgot the parking brake, release parking break drive out of the driveway, instantly start drifting and end up rolled into a ditch... diedstart new game, driving to store for food, half way there thirts is maxed out.... diedstart again, go to take a shower, being under the stream of water doesnt wash me, go onto wiki for help, hear the death music..... died from driking too much waterafter 4 tries finally manage to get to the store and back with a bunch of food. go to open groccery bag.... explodes in a mass of food flying throughout my kitchen... spend 10 minutes picking up the food.... almost die of hunger without realising.....great game would buy again 10/10 ign"
,Recommended,516750,32018733,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr Retro,"Words cant describe the feelings I have when I play this game. Its like nothing in my library and I just love every bit of it. Its a bit rough around the edges but thats what gives this game its charm. Its not a game with any fancy graphics or any fancy leveling or systems, no sir! None of that here. Just you, your tool box and the pieces to a lovely piece of machinery for you to build. Once you start you can get lost for hours fidgeting with different parts trying to figure out how they go. I recommend trying to do as much as possible by yourself but dont be afraid to look and ask for help, which is what I did. Overall this is probably one of my most favorite games in my library. Most definantly recommend this one."
76561197990853449,Recommended,516750,30742180,Posted: 25 March,all,Thogmar,Genre busting - Excellent
,Recommended,516750,26455077,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Bunta Fujiwara | CapN_Cook,"Working on my car all day and drinking beer.The sun starts to go down a bit and I decided to work on the car some more,my char wasn't sleepy yet.At this point the sun is down,can't see anything.♥♥♥♥♥♥ around with my monitor settings to get some more light,didn't work,found the flashlight,put it on the shelf towards the counter where the engine is being build,still not enough light,gets the tractor,position it towards the garage,finally some light,walks back in the garage,noticed the lights in the garage,finds out that there is a light switch.10/10 would do it again!"
,Recommended,516750,26199967,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,fuzz,Was stuck in a ditch after 5 minutes of playing... VOI VITTUJEN KEVÄT!
76561198003375153,Recommended,516750,26204713,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Default_META,"To sum it up in one sentence, it's Grand Theft Auto: Finland.But instead of glamorous cities, you get a swamp.And instead of fast hard-hitting crime money, you get to empty septic tanks.Instead of stealing cars, you build a car.Instad of a gun, you are provided a case of beer. And you'll need it.There's alcohol, mosquitos and a project car as the sole center of your life.""My Summer Car"" is probably the most accurate simulation of rural survival right now."
,Recommended,516750,26610261,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,A Raving Homosexual<REDNECK>,"Best game I've played in a long time. Lots of trial and error and frustration but once you figure everything out its very rewarding and satisfying. 10/10 game, will be putting many more hours into the game with future updates."
,Recommended,516750,26509532,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Chong McBong,Want a change from blasting aliens/zombies?  This is a brilliant change of pace.Well recommended  :)
76561197978752294,Recommended,516750,26396778,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ηDogχ,"As a Finn, I can say this is the way we do our summer. Immersion is top notch.Forget all NMS, DayZ, H1N1, or every other survival game...My Summer Car is the Best out there. this game represent us as a nation, fully10/10"
,Recommended,516750,28996103,Posted: 3 January,all,Ricstark,"My Summer Car - a uniquely fantastic experience!It's a car mechanic simulator, crossed with open world survival and Finland experience. It does not offer you a ""world of possibilities"", but it offers you enough! It let's you appreciate the small things and you'll see there's plenty.Yeah, you might need a sense of Finnish dry humour & customs =) and I think it helps if you're a little bit interested in cars. But then it's up to you what you make of My Summer Car. I actually had to study a bit online before being able to assemble the car, and I enjoyed that too. There's no script here and the only rule is to not die.Even when it bugs out it can create a ""twist"" to your game, like a game in a game. I once had to push a sewage truck down from a roof, it took me a good 2-3 hours to figure that one out. But I made it! You never know what struggles a day brings and need to be prepared for almost anything.When you get the hang of it, you can enjoy small checkpoints along the way, when you haul your first batch of firewood or becoming a pro plummer and earn the money. Like the first engine start, getting it to drive and bring it to inspection. The satisfaction when you get the plates and even perhaps - win a rally, is great! But it can be equally satisfactory to survive a long walk back home through the night without a flashlight or anything to drink because you lost your fanbelt and drained the battery in the middle of the Finnish fauna =)The game don't put me in these situations, it just allows me to F*** up on my own. You could say that is the freedom of play. Nothing in this game is sugarcoated, it is a fun hard life game with an eerie but beatiful atmosphere and actually quite a lot of realism. This makes it so good and impressively addictive.It's regularly updated with new content, and I will follow every step this game makes, that's for sure."
,Recommended,516750,26329149,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,kynezz,That's how you make an early access game folks.Even in it's current state - it's great.Can't wait for the updates.
76561198378939879,Recommended,516750,34024453,Posted: 4 August,all,Oskar Groszewski14,This is very cool game. It's best game of cars i play much time. Sorry for my english :D
,Recommended,516750,29550067,Posted: 28 January,all,🌚Spookyghini📲,My aunt die in a 1970 coronet crash
76561198049646559,Recommended,516750,31216402,Posted: 18 April,all,TheOneTrueAres,"I awoke on a Monday morning, ate my sausage,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in my mouth, then rode my moped to town and got ran over by the bus. 10/10 would play again."
76561198008818553,Recommended,516750,29966621,Posted: 16 February,all,Slim Pickens,"I start the game and it begins with customization of my drivers license.  I import a goofy picture of me, about to devour a handful of braunschweiger (pork liver sausage), onto my drivers license photo.  I add my name to it and then pick the color of my car.  I spawn in my house next to a case of beer and a pack of sausage (what a coincidence).  I put the beer and sausage into the refrigerator after drinking a beer.  I explore my house and watch some television for a minute.  I go outside to find a car frame and a garage full of parts.  There is a van next to the driveway and I hop in.  I do a few donuts and see a lake through the forest trees.  I get out and run to it.  I run along the shore and find a boat.  I jump in and take off for some lights I see across the lake.  It's getting dark.  The forest is alive with sounds of animals and this god damn fly won't leave me alone.  I run the boat onto the shore and see the lights are from passing cars on a highway.  I hear music in the distance and run towards it.  It's a bar with a grocery store next to it.  Some guy in a nice car is sitting in the parking lot.  I walk up to him to look at his hotrod and he gives me attitude.  We exchange insults, I then pee on his car and flip him the middle finger.  He gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and then attempts to run me over as he drives madly around the parking lot.  He appears drunk.  I hide behind the gas pumps, which was really stupid now that I'm writing this, until I can make a run into the bar.  Some guys are talking politics at a table.  I play a slot machine for a minute and then go to the bar.  I insult the barkeeper who then calls me a punk and to f off.  I order a shot of vodka and some food.  Afterwards, I walked over to the barkeeper and pee on him before running outside to find my old friend still driving insanely out in the parking lot.  I see a bus pull up to a bus stop down the street and run for it.  I pay the bus fare and sit down.  My health is showing I'm hungry, dehydrated after that vodka, dirty and fatigued.  And I'm lost because I didn't study the map on the wall of my living room before leaving the house.  Cars pass and overtake us and here comes the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ from the bar again, still driving like a maniac with his stereo at full volume.  I give him the middle finger as he passes us.  I tell the bus to stop at the next stop and hop out.  I try to hitchhike, but nobody will stop.  I run towards a building I see along a small road.  I then stumble upon some guy stuck in the forest on the side of the road, chugging a bottle of booze.  I start to push his car backwards out of the trees to help him and it works.  I then collapse and die of dehydration.  A newspaper article appears announcing my death.I have not even begun to play this game and this was my experience.  What it lacks in flashy graphics, it more than makes up for with creative and funny content.  I have a feeling I'll be playing this much more than anything else and highly recommend it."
,Recommended,516750,26276088,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Discord The Defilade Draconequus,"I don't usually review things unless they are AMAZING which this game is. I have been waiting for a game like this for awhile and I'm very glad its finally a thing, This is going to be my favorite 2016 game. I hope this game gets lots of support and grows!"
,Recommended,516750,34912225,Posted: 12 September,all,xXMasterWormXx,"ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I HAVE EVER PLAYED!Now i play alot on Xbox, but this is special i dont know why, and they are updating alot so it's adding a lot more fetures so it just keeps getting better. There may be a few unknown bugs but that will be fixed it is in early access.I highly recommend this game."
76561198159233534,Recommended,516750,30065970,Posted: 20 February,all,Peto444,"Build your car (Around 2 hours), Drive it, Crash into tree, Die, Repeat!"
76561198050345765,Recommended,516750,29094700,Posted: 7 January,all,Biz Nastee,"Half past 5, I'm in the pub, 6 o'clock I'm home for grub. 8 o'clock I'm back to the bar, sod the walk, I'll take the car.Knock 'em back, 'ave another one, drinkin' and drivin' is so much fun!In the motor, off you, not too fast and not too slow. Keep your head and keep your cool, must avoid that rightful pull!Knock 'em back, 'ave another one, drinkin' and drivin' is so much fun!As you meander down the road, don't forget your highway code. See the spot and take your pick, out of the car to be sick!Knock 'em back, and 'ave another one, cuz drinkin' and drivin' is so much fun!"
,Recommended,516750,29201133,Posted: 12 January,all,ShinShin98,"My Summer Car was, for me, one of those games you keep an eye on for months. When I finally got around to buying it, I couldn't wait to play, and now I can say for sure that this is one of the best games I've ever played. Sure, it could do with nicer textures, and maybe less jaggy surfaces on the roads, but for what it is, it's worth every penny and so much more. You need to play this, it's not just a random finnish countryside sim, it's an experience."
,Recommended,516750,26306113,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Mp Jens (>N<),This game is some of the best entertainment I have had on the computer in a long time.The incredible gameplay makes the game enjoyable on so many levels.
,Recommended,516750,26203001,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kalakkuna,"Woke up in my house, took my van, rolled it at least three times over the roof while trying to reach Teimo's market for some beer and ""macaron box"", spent all my money on the market and after all passed out in the bar and didn't even get my shoppings.Can't wait to get my hands on that Satsuma and see can I survive even to the main road with it :pAbout the game itself, I'm really positively surprised how well one man has made this game. It has it's small random bugs on the first public release version, as example items may drop through the floor but overally even on Early Access, it's totally worth the money - no doubt of it."
76561198286354498,Recommended,516750,33711037,Posted: 21 July,all,easemyminddj,one of the best games i played in a long time its hard starting out but ones you biud the car its a grat game
76561197995935338,Recommended,516750,30061631,Posted: 20 February,all,Sharspy,Great fun for hours! Dosnt matter if you're an car guy or not i bet you will find enjoyment in this game
,Recommended,516750,26510510,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MiG-21bis Fishbed-L,"BE WARNED: THIS GAME REQUIRES AT LEAST 10+ HOURS OF PLAY TO REALLY GET INTO IT.It's buggy, frustrating, but rewarding. It's fun to tweak, it's fun to do things in this sandbox.Plus, the Dev believes in this product. It's no masterpiece at all, but any developer that believes in their game needs to be supported."
,Recommended,516750,33074028,Posted: 1 July,all,very slothy sloth,"My Summer CarOne of my absolute favorite car games...I started playing this game some time ago and always played it for a few days and then stopped again, this game is one of the best games I ever played though.It has awesome mechanics for building your cars engine and tuning it, even better then in Car Mechanic Simulator in my opinion. Also the driving mechanics and open world are awesome if you can ignore AI crashing you of the road if you don't pay attention.If you see this game for the first time it probably looks like a joke and maybe it even started out as such but they prodcued an really amazing car/survival game.All in all I can just recommand this game because of the awesome features the developers added uptill now an probably will add in the future and just because of the huge amount of fun it is to play."
,Recommended,516750,26351605,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,The Deliverator,"Having actually worked on a project car this game is spot on. Lots of beer and swearing are allways involved. Frustration, mistakes, and the glorious rush of endorphins when it actually fires up for the first time. It's all there.The grin on my face as I drove my horribly backfiring Satsuna down the road for the first time was so big it was almost painful. I smiled all the way to the vehicle inspection shop. Then I frowned when my baby failed inspection. Naturally I wanted to go to the pub to drink away my sorrow, but It wasn't open. So instead I bought a case of beer and sat down in front of the shop and drank for a while.Yep, this game is spot on."
,Recommended,516750,26393532,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Shawgo,I spent two hours finding out that i couldn't change gears because i had forgot to tighten a nut on the clutch line.  This game is amazing.
,Recommended,516750,26204014,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Make openskins.com,Game of the year!
,Recommended,516750,26204056,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mikkuli,Absolutely best finnish game ever i recommend
,Recommended,516750,26399689,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,OzWatcher,"Amazing game, most in-depth and in-detail construction of a car. So rewarding once you finally turn the key and the engine turns on after putting everything together. Absolutely amazing, this game has me hooked."
,Recommended,516750,26345361,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kepapi,game of the year 2016 (=
76561198084294175,Recommended,516750,26551373,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,evan,"So you see this game on YouTube. Then your like"" why not""? So you buy the game and spawn in the game after creating your profile. You go out side and juts see the striped body of a car. Inside your workshop you find a bunch of things from tools to parts to build and engine. The point of this game is to build from the ground up. And by that mean that your build the worse car in the world to one of the best. Along the way you face many problems. And also you can make your wheel work( or at least the g27). So buy this game and see what you think about it. After all. You don't want to miss out of that car."
,Recommended,516750,28412991,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Au79,"It's a very great game, but HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥is it difficult.Alright, so my first shot at this game.4 hours later, I finished my engine, I then realized I needed a fan belt, engine oil, coolant and clutch/brake fluid.I didn't have any food either, so I was at the last straw.I hop in my van, completely blindfolded as I didn't know where anything was, and the map on the wall didn't show your location, so it wasn't that much help.I hold down the ignition, and finally, the van started. I just start driving in hopes of miracles.When I drove 100m more up the road, I come across a sign which says ""insert Finnish city name here"" and ""insert Finnish city name here"", I just call them left and right. I then decided to take the right, when I drove about 50m more, I stumble across some completely insane steep ditch, which was on both sides of the road. If you didn't guess it by now, I fell down into it, somehow survived.I thought I was ♥♥♥♥ed, but I thought: ""Y'know, I did tick off permadeath, so I'm fine!"". As I start running like a madman the opposite direction, I took a brief look at my ""survival bar"" in the top left corner. As I didn't have any food, my hunger was in red, thirst in red, and fatigue in red. I thought it would've been enough to get back, as that thought passes my head, I fall onto the floor, dead.Well, I didn't tick permadeath, so I was sitting with a mixed poker and confused face.I then respawn outside, late at night, I then proceed to run against my driveway and I notice my van.... My ♥♥♥♥ing van was left in that ditch, it wasn't there! So how was I supposed to get my goddamn supplies?! Out of complete frustration, I decide to go to sleep.DAY 2I wake up, to beautiful Finnish bipolar weather.I knew I would die even before I reached my van out of dehydration or something. So I thought it out for a minute.I then noticed i had a tractor and a truck for sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥wells. I walk to the tractor, hop in, struggle with all the sticks and finally turn it on. I drive towards my truck, the same way I took, with eager. As I finally reach my truck, I stepped out of my tractor as fast as I could, not even turning it off, I then crouch down to tow the truck to the tractor. It was ""out of range"", as I keep on struggling I decide to Yolo it. I drove my tractor as close to it as I could. I finally manage to tow it. As I'm on my eager way up, I step into my trac again, I pull the handbrake, and my ♥♥♥♥ing tractor get's pulled down into the ditch by my truck.DAY 3Rage quit"
,Recommended,516750,26261270,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,BlueFoot,"I really like this game, It's a game that I have wanted for a long time, the amount of small detail he made in the building process is amazing. The comedy is definitely my favorite type of comedy. Here is my video on the game if you want to see a video that shows quite a bit of the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ngWBRinec4"
,Recommended,516750,26246708,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Jai,"Getting lost, a dedicated insult button, drink driving, trying to put a whole car together with no knowledge of cars and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on people's doorstep are some great features of this game."
76561198153896411,Recommended,516750,32392074,Posted: 13 June,all,Thomas,Favourite game at the moment. Really relaxing and challenging at the same time. Definitely worth it s price.
,Recommended,516750,28131179,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,MrSteakPotato,Finland..
,Recommended,516750,26237232,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Husa,"- Die 5 times figuring out how to get everything you need for your car without dying- Almost get the car running, but die while ""borrowing"" a neighbors V8 after you got lost in the dark eptying his sewage- spend a silent moment at your own tombstone- Get the car running, but your front wheels came off and you lost brakes after you fixed the problem.  Try to drive back to the store without brakes.. your front wheel fell off.. FFFFFUUUUUU- get drunk and try to get brake fluid from the store before it closes. -> Hit a pothole at 70km/h in a van and die. Yay! 13h well spent, need to start over again5/5Will start again tomorrow."
,Recommended,516750,30321387,Posted: 4 March,all,nobody,"I'm not entirely sure where exactly to begin reviewing My Summer Car. It doesn't really fit squarely into any one genre  and seems to be made up of differences (quite often opposites) - it's a game/it's a sim, it's about cars/it's about survival, it's hardcore/it's casual, it's serious/it's fun, it's rewarding/it's frustrating. But somehow, these differences all seem to mesh together into one big happy experience. Want some fun? Urinate into the basketball hoop, or shower the polis with excrement! Want to knuckle down? Do jobs and build your car. The game appears to have something for everyone - nerds, car jocks, survivalists, casual gamers, sim lovers, attention to details or let's see what happens if I do this. It's all catered for in MSC!Yes, it has it's problems, the jobs can get repetitive and boring - but hey, you only have to earn enough to cover fuel and extra parts to tart up your car. Non car people may need to watch a vid or two (although there is a 'Haynes manual' planned in final version). There are a few weird little glitches here and there, but it IS still Early Access and the devs do seem to want as much feedback as possible. It also can be as frustrating as hell, especially with permadeath on (I personally think it adds to the challenge) and also with the antics and 'accidents' you can get yourself into.All in all, I personally am having loads of fun (and some stress) with MSC and I would recommend that people give it a go if they think it's the sort of game they might enjoy. (Be careful though - it may lead to obsession!!)(I think I've sussed out that this game is really a message to people to just chill out, don't get stressed out by life - enjoy yourself. Or maybe that's just the Finnish way. Although I will admit that this theory is based entirely on virtually every death I've had being caused by me rushing to do/get somewhere and, conversely, when I've just thought 'it will happen when it happens' is when I've got the deepest into the game!)TL:DR; oodles of fun, big sense of reward and some frustrating (but not gamebreaking) aspects and glitches. Can get slightly boring for some, but it can also be as fun, serious, casual or as hardcore as you want it to be."
,Recommended,516750,26204113,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,jarnopa,"Kuolin 4 kertaa ennen Lopen ja Rytipohjan risteystä. Kunnes siitä pääsi eteenpäin kävin vittuilemassa ilmeisesti lähimmälle naapurille ja kaasutin pikitielle. Teuvo, maanteiden kuningas soi päässä kun ajoin ainakin yhden hengen vaatineen nokkakolarin. Ps. se rytipohja 1 - kyltti on täyttä♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mene mielummin helvettiin kuin aja se pakettiautolla.6/5"
76561198003169517,Recommended,516750,26203620,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,voneiden,Incredible and loaded with content already at its current stage. Would recommend to buy even if no futher updates were coming.
76561198251269224,Recommended,516750,29493648,Posted: 25 January,all,Maxthefatcutecat,"My summer car is a good, funny, silly game that i recomend for all those car lovers. It has 'realistic' physics and is so hilarious with many real finnish people and activities :P . I definitly reccomend this game for people who like realistic survival permadeath and building/ repairing cars."
76561198373363060,Recommended,516750,34239041,Posted: 14 August,all,bimbobaggers,Great game for any car guys out therethere is so much you can do to youyr car to really make it yours. plus there is so many little details. yesterday i found out there is a island with a cabin on it and right now im living there in the game. 10/10
,Recommended,516750,26206263,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,N4m0,"The game is difficult, but so is life. Definitely recommended!Winter can come now, it's summer forever."
,Recommended,516750,26213747,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Internet-Autist™ Hafe-chan,"Live the finnish dream. Fix your car and drink beer. I recommend this game.My adventures in Finland started when I noticed I only have one pack of sausages and a box of beer. So I enbarked on the journey to the town on the otherside of the lake. First trip on my good ol van was quite exciting. I flipped my van during my daring manouvers throught the finnish coyntryside. I escaped from the car by punching the windshield. Luckily I packed beer for my trip, with help of the liquid courage I flipped the van back on its wheels and continued my trip. I also saw some other guy on the ditch with flipped car. He was alive but it seemed that he did not give any ♥♥♥♥s about the situation he was in.Later I arrived at the shop. I bought bunch of groceries, mainly sausages and beer. On the trip to home I though was safe, but no. I got cocky, crashed the van and died.And yes fixing the summer car is fun too, that little bit that i managed to mess with it before death."
,Recommended,516750,35251228,Posted: 27 September,all,Helpburn,"My Summer Car, experience a finnish way to live the life. Okay I'm sold.Start the game, get annoyed by fly, start the van and drive to the store, get killed on the way there like 10393 times. Start building the car, try every single spanner to tighten the bolts but none of those fits, repeat, suddenly works. Get the car halfway done, die, realize it was a mortal mode. Start over.Once you get the car done, it lasts pretty much as long as finnish summer. AAAAAND IT'S GONE. Bunch of stuff to do, build car, aim for the rally, work to gain money. Other than that, fooling around, still tho would prefer to get more content to the game."
,Recommended,516750,26205612,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Unmutual,"Cannot recommend this title enough. If you have a love for sausages and drink, this game is for you.Oh yeah, and there's some stuff about assembling your own car as well... But I didn't pay much attention to that, I drunkenly drove my work van into town and stole a muscle car. I then loaded it up with beer and pizzas I purchased from Teimo and took off down the freeway. It didn't last long though, as I crashed head-on into another motorist at ~100KPH.peli on hyvä, kännit ja kuolla tulinen onnettomuudessasaat Suomen ylpeysHakkapeliitta!"
,Recommended,516750,26238901,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,durkhaz,"Finnish swears accompanied by heavy metal echoed over the Peräjärvi, as the gravel suddenly gave way to the sewage truck tires - making it flip onto its side. The tanks valve, clearly not designed to withstand such impacts, sprung open and released a flood of liquid feces into the untouched wildlife, washing away dozens of vacuum sealed sausage packages and empty beer bottles that have been catapulted out of the busted cars trunk it was attempting to tow. The driver was later found unconscious in a nearby ditch, with a blood alcohol level exceeding 10 per mille, and his cloths drenched in his own urine.This is your summer, make the best of it!"
76561198164687057,Recommended,516750,26341973,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Nope,good game
,Recommended,516750,31715307,Posted: 12 May,all,PRANKS GONE WILD,*Slaps on door*...My car exploded-
,Recommended,516750,26342589,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Pingster,"An awesome beer drinking and car crashing simulator. If you're not doing either (or both), then you're playing this game wrong.In all seriousness, however, it's an amazing work, given that it's just an alpha, there's plenty enough to do already.The only drawback is the lack of any explanation of how basic mechanics work, ie, I was covered in flies for two days until I figured out how to work the sauna (and even that, only due to a video), I had no idea I could drink tap water, had no idea where to locate missions (turns out that you place a dart on the map) as well as lack of English translation in certain areas (notes for service station, magazine - I did NOT want the pink seat covers!).I'm glad to have bought this game, as you can easily have hours of fun with it. There's definitely a learning curve, and unless you have great understanding of how to put a car together, you'll definitely be watching tutorial videos (which kind of spoil the game a bit.. But it honestly is really difficult to build it otherwise).Anyway.. Enjoy the game!"
,Recommended,516750,31863381,Posted: 20 May,all,Will,"Pretty fun game, highly recommended."
,Recommended,516750,26414978,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Blunder Sunder,"It's like somebody clawed through my brain and created my perfect game. And then made it better.Driving, car mechanics, simulation and genuine character. Even its flaws are features. In my humble opinion it's only a few bug patches and QOL improvements away from being complete - but I'm excited to see what's in store for the future."
76561197992426767,Recommended,516750,26204981,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,jesusTHEsilly,"If you enjoy building cars, getting drunk and being a public nuisance you will like this game. It isn't the prettiest game but lets face it, Finland wasn't in 1995. I have waited this game to come out last for like 4 years and it wasn't dissapointment. Core game is there and it works 6/5 will play this again."
,Recommended,516750,26415701,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Valkol,"You get an achievement calling you a coward for turning off perma-death.10/10 would recommendThis game was made with the Unity engine, which blows my mind. The last time i was this impressed with a game Engine was Minecraft.That being said.... lots of game breaking bugs, game is very unforgiving."
76561197967313523,Recommended,516750,26216699,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,[DoG] T W I S T Y N I P P L E S,so i got about 11hours into this game and it is a great little game fun to mess around with. little buggy at times but good funprosget to build carget to urinate all over the placeget to drive the car u buildget wasted while driving the car u builtdestroy car well wasted and dieconscars feel like they are on ice when u get to certain speedcars wobble at high speedsgame crashes at the worst timesroads are a bit skinnyditches so deep u cant get your car out of themcan only walk no runno service to pick u up when u crash car so have to walk home to get tractorall that being said i would still recomend this game to friends and family becouse it is fun and entertaning
,Recommended,516750,31305868,Posted: 22 April,all,Spiffo,"When I first started up ""My Summer Car"" I thought it was complete bull-wank. The machanics were horrible(or so I thought) No dialogue what-so-ever, no tutorials, no hints. Just plain DO IT YOURSELF gameplay. Which I thought was just the dev being lazy, but I thought wrong.My Summer Car Is a hilarious car building simulator. With some good and some bad game features. It has a full survival system which includes: Hunger, thirst, dirtiness?? and a urinating bar?????? I thought what the ♥♥♥♥ is this game,But then I saw through the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and soon revealed a fantastic game. I thought the no dialogue was dumb but I thought to myself, maybe its for the best? do everything yourself with no hand holding? it is actually really fun.The car building is actually(My Opinion) horrible. You build the car nut by nut bolt by bolt and piston by piston. It took me 8 and a half hours. Nothing glows, nothing to guide you, I had to look at a steam guide every few seconds for each step... And its all bugged as an ant hill. My car had a poltergeist in it. It started to frighteningly levitate and float, I painted the car white to try to scare away the poltergeist but it made it angrier and if flew up into the sky! I had to restart because it got stuck on my roof!But thats not all the bad stuff I have to say! There are spanners for each ♥♥♥♥ing bolt. You need to switch spanners almost every bolt and you dont know which one! and the bolts are so bad too, they appear by you waving around your spanner like harry ♥♥♥♥ing potter and his wand until you find it(if you find it!) and as you do these stupid unfunny and unfun chores you get dirty, little bugs fly around your head and go ""buzz buzz"" all ♥♥♥♥ing day unless you go to the store in town which takes about 30 minutes on the first try(and thats if you dont die first) to buy bug spray or you stock up on your Sona and get clean that way, because a shower doesnt make sense right?and as you stress yourself out for an entire day and finally make your car, there is an 80% chance you actually did it wrong! My car exploded and killed me instantly and I did not know I had perma-death enabled and I had given up. What a day I had with this game...But there was still hope. There is in fact save file sharing. I downloaded a complete car save and that fixed all my harsh memories. They also have added a pocket bike update, which is honestly so much fun.They have also added a train and a boat in the last while and tons of bug fixes, and an awesome creater made a My Summer Car Save Editor so you can instantly turn it into a sandbox which is aweomse, you can put priced items on your car instantly for free of charge, move the player and his vehicles across the map with you and much more.You can take the boat to town by taking the pocket bike with you but you wont be able to purchase and bring back anything because you need a car's storage. You cant carry anything on the pocket bike and there is no sprint button. There are rally races, police checkpoints to get in police chases in, crazy drivers on the road that will run you over. It is so much fun just screwing around in the game machanics and toys until you drop dead :3This is also in early access which makes me happy because It gives me hope that it will be so much better.Its worth the price only if you consider the content and accept what the game actually is. Dont purchase it just because its very positve on steam... acutally... dont do that with any game!"
,Recommended,516750,26201386,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mara,So this is the true definition of virtual reality. I don't need to go outside anymore because I can live my ordinary finnish life in this video game.Where is my coffee though?
,Recommended,516750,26203909,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Papa,"Finished building my car, just a few final touches. Went to get the tractor to lift the car up to work on its underside. Didn't want to leave the van behind and decided to tow it back to my house. The van glitched and started ramming the tractor, flipping it over. Died.Love the permadeath feature, 10/10 will start over again."
,Recommended,516750,26201437,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Direwood ﺧ益ﺨ,"First time - Not a bloody scoobies what I am doing. Manage to get the van going and actyally drive it. End up getting lost on my way to the store. Starved to death in the woods.Second time - Started to put the car together. Throwing things at it to see what sticks. Still have no idea what I am doing. Remembered that I need food. Go to the store. Wrap the van around a tree by going a 100km/h on a dirt road. Die horribly.Third Time - Started off by going to the store. Also popped to the garage to see what they have. Have a few beers with the mechanic. Start driving back. Take a turn too fast and end up sideway in to a swamp. Save the beer and sit by the side of the road drinking it while crying at my misfortune.More Adventures await me.The graphics might be a bit simple and well, not great, but it's the mechanics and what the game isd all about that matter more then the graphics.You can do a multitude of things on top of building the car and even the car building it self (if you have no idea what you're doing like me) is a task that will have you yelling ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ like a true FIN.Would Recommend 100%"
76561198106916263,Recommended,516750,26203505,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,elaapo,♥♥♥♥♥♥kova
,Recommended,516750,29942862,Posted: 15 February,all,Ｐａｋａｒｉｎｅｎ ツ,"The year is 1995. You're living in the town Alivieska. There is a car body outside of your house and the parts to the car are in your garage. Your objective is to assemble this car and also pay attention to your attributes such as: urine,hunger,thirst,dirtiness,fatigue and money. Without peeing for a while, you will die because of a burst bladder. Without eating, you will starve to death. Without drinking anything, you will dehydrate and die. Without showering for a while, you will get noisy flies flying around you and annoying the crap out of you. Without money, There is no progress. After you have built the car, your next objective is to drive the car to the inspection station and get it inspected so you can drive around legally on the road. After the car is inspected it is up to you what will you do with the car. You can tune the car to go fast and look like the best car the town has ever seen. Unfortunately you can't pick up any girls because for some reason town of Alivieska only consists of men =(. You can add your custom music to the radio if you have converted the mp3 files to ogg.The game offers the player many activities and money making methods. I will list the money making methods.-Emptying sewage wells. Be careful with them though, since you can fall in the well and drown in the waste that is in there.-Brewing Kilju or in English=Sugar wine, and selling it to the drunk guy of the town.-Finding Junk cars and bringing them to the mechanic for money.-Driving the drunk guy from the pub to his home at 2am.-Chopping firewoods to a local man.Now for the activities.-Drunk driving, This is especially fun to do if you're escaping the police.-High speed driving at the dirt roads, Great way to test your driving skills.-Participating at the weekly race, If you get to the top 3 list, you will receive money and a trophy as a reward.-Testing the speed of your car at the airstrip, You'll earn an achievement if you can drive the drag strip (400 meters or 1/4 miles) in under 17 seconds.-Racing with the other car outside the local shop, He can be a hard opponent if you can't drive properly and your car isn't fast.-Drinking, Yup, crack open a beer, booze or that homebrewed wine of your's and turn the radio on and enjoy the view.Now as a Finn, i will say that this is one of the best games that i have ever played, because this is a game made by a finnish man. It has brought me lots of fun and it has also provided some challenge and managed to anger me at some points of the game and it's a great thing, because it tests your temper and to see that are you a weak hearted person that gives up when you die too many times or the car that you built doesn't work.Even though the game is in early access, The developer listens to the community and adds more stuff to the game and fixes the bugs, making the game better with every update. My Summer Car is a that i will say is worth buying."
,Recommended,516750,26219133,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Tume,It is very nice to drink beer and♥♥♥♥♥♥in sauna.6/5. This is your must buy game
76561198064022891,Recommended,516750,26203982,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,OGMURASSKAJA,"In its current state the game is buggy and with a keyboard the driving is super hard. If you get frustrated easily, I do really recommend switching the perma-death feature off. To people with knowledge and interest in car mechanics this is simply a must-buy. I myself have been enjoying all the time I've played whis game, apart from the uncontrollable oversteers of the van that can't be countered, at least not with keyboard."
76561198259564406,Recommended,516750,34429621,Posted: 22 August,all,SomaliSpacePirate,"Great game with a huge emphasis on relaism. It may turn you away due to that and it did for me, but in the end I decided to get it and only regret I didnt buy it earlier. The focus on realism adds to the true open world feel. While it may not be the est looking or best in terms of coding, ""My Summer Car""has tons to offer anyone regardless of technical knowledge or patience."
,Recommended,516750,26214724,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Thykka,"I have no idea how to build this car, but I've been totally content just drinking Koskenkorva vodka and shouting profanities in finnish while trying to warm up the sauna. The atmosphere in this game is spot-on."
,Recommended,516750,26206392,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Nox,I put my engine together and forgot the head gasket.  I lost one of my fenders.  It's like real life.
76561198069093538,Recommended,516750,26204290,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Weezie,For anybody who wants to see the soul of a finnish man.
,Recommended,516750,32746244,Posted: 24 June,all,Greedy,"Ok so,I actually pirated the game first (Sorry Amistech) then i saw i rlly loved it i build a car all by myself. I was broke at the time so I couldnt buy the game.Now that i got the game and im able to make a review I have 2 words to say.AWESOME  GAMEIts not just a building simulator. Its a life simulator (At least in the 90's) you have to make money,upgrade your car ,rice it maybe ;) and sort your life out on the country of lovely Finland!Overall I highly recommend this game 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26309194,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,The Debonair Nomad,"I started a game on Hardcore,Built the Datsun,Drive to Teimo's store,Didn't install the radio,Sound of backfire from my untuned Carburetor is my music,Arrive at Teimo's store,Buy all the beer,Flip Teimo off and urinate on his Counter,Take beer and get into my Datsun,Drink beer while driving down the road,Merge onto the Highway without looking,Get Sideswipped, and run off the road,Other Driver doesn't stop to help,Die.10/10 Would get killed by a Finnish Hitman sent by Teimo again."
,Recommended,516750,30251934,Posted: 28 February,all,Poh,"Have Depression? Amxiety? Anger Issues? Well this game is not for you! (Unless painstakingly building a car, Starting it, keeping yourself alive then only to die by getting killed by some green ♥♥♥♥er only to START OvER A BUILD THE CAR OVER AGAIN ONLY TO DIE LATER OF THIRST, STARVATION, HEART ATTACK OR YOUR VAN FLYING RANDOMLY IN THE AIR IS FUN TO YOU, then go ahead)Just get the damn game"
,Recommended,516750,32476716,Posted: 16 June,all,Bananaguy,This game is early access so I wont judge it that mutch but it needs inprovments on for example totorials you sould not need to google up (how to start the van). but els from that i do not have mutch bad to say it's great and fun to play and a good youtuber to watch play this is ROBBAZ7/10 It needs improvements in totorial and how the controlls work.
,Recommended,516750,26262974,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Weqoboy,Very good game for learning car parts and stuff!
76561198068514204,Recommended,516750,26250028,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,stickman_dubu,never a dull moment in Finland Simulator 2016
,Recommended,516750,26318854,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Bryce,"You can drift the starter van and steal a mustang, 10/10.But really though, the game is a lot of fun."
76561198033072477,Not Recommended,516750,31269211,Posted: 20 April,all,Bigike97,"My Summer Car is a great game with a great concept. Too bad that concept is impossible to accomplish.The concept is great, build a car, make money on the side, and do whatever the hell you want to do! But- there are so many bugs that get in the way of such a great game, it pains me to give a negative review. I've had a lot of fun, and put a lot of hours into this game. But the bugs are just too much. I enjoy the occasional non-game breaking bug. I think they can be hilarious. Like glitching into your car, and being launched 50 feet into the air, or, well that's really the only bug in the game that isn't infuriating. Here is a list of some of the painful bugs I've run into:Moped disappeared, what can you do about it?♥♥♥♥♥♥if I know.Paying for Fleetari (The Mechanic) to do work on your car, get home, answer the phone ""Fleetari here, your car is done."" Drive back, no work has been done. Wait two or three ingame days. No work has been done.Getting ran over by the yellow Assho-I mean racer. Not really a big deal. Load the game back up (after saving when I died) And I load back on a previous save.Parts dissapearing. Hooked up my exhaust last minute before sending it off to the shop, get back, Fleetari has punished me for stealing his car, by dumping my car in the swamp, aaaand snatching my exhast pipe.Sewage truck stuck? Oh well. Your ♥♥♥♥♥ arms can't push it, Quit without saving.Ordered a package, paid for it, turned around to pick it up. No package.These things really suck. But would I pay for the game again, and play it all over? Yep. It really has a certain charm about it. It has a lot of fun aspects to it. Like giving the finger to that God Da-I mean yellow racer. Pumping and pouring sewage wherever you please. And tuning the car to your specific specifications.It really pains me to give this a negative review, especially it being an early access game. Because it's an early access game. But I'd suggest holding off for a little bit until some of these bugs are sorted out.Right now, I'd give it a 6/10. If you can look past the game breaking bugs, Which is difficult, I'd give it a hefty 8.5/10, because it still is a blast to play. And once these bugs are sorted out, I will happily give this game a positive review, because I can tell the game has taken work, and it is a really great game, deep down."
,Recommended,516750,26583843,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Gunam,dork of the ♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would play again
,Recommended,516750,26236144,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,N.A.R,"Täydellinen ysäri amis simulaattori, ei voi muuta kuin hattua nostaa."
,Recommended,516750,26355856,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Boybawang,"It's really good.This game provides a sense of pride over my car that I've never felt before, and the permadeath feature makes even a 130 km/h trip down the highway an adrenaline pumping experience.The Finnish countryside setting is a very nice change of scenery indeed, and is aesthetically pleasing even though the assets are of somewhat low quality (a lot of planar trees).If you're interested in cars you should get this game, and if you're not (I wasn't) - you'll probably enjoy it regardless! You can learn quite a bit, too (I did!). The car model is insanely detailed - you'll find yourself Googling for actual car maintenance articles before long.The game can be buggy at times, and it's UNFORGIVING. Prepare to walk a kilometer or ten if your car pops a cylinder head en route. You can die in this game, and permanently. Don't go into this thinking it'll be easy, or that it's just another driving game - this game is about YOUR car; not the driving as much as the caretaking."
,Recommended,516750,26210623,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,aku 😂👌,"First attempt: Got the engine finally together.  Started, drove half metre, engine shut and detached itself.Second attempt: Engine ran pretty okay. Had some trouble with carburator, kept rpm high for some time, engine caught on fire.Third attempt: Assembled the car perfectly after learning how to not build it.5/5 would make a car again."
76561197975691201,Recommended,516750,26222662,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Vode,"I know nothing about cars but this game is still very, very fun.1st attempt: I tried driving to shop for supplies, went to wrong direction and ended up at the closed shop enterance late at night without enough gas to drive back home. Because I could not drive home and was stuck at the town, I ended up drinking vodka shots at the local pub. After passing out because of too many vodka shots, I woke up at home without any food. I took my other car and started driving to the shop again, but passed out during the drive and died.2nd attempt: This time I got to the shop, bought my supplies and got all the way back. I started assembling my car. Then some kid calls me, and asks me to empty their ""♥♥♥♥♥kaivo"". Usually I just swear and slam the phone, but since it was a child asking me this, I took my glorious truck and started driving to their house. I ended up driving to the wrong house and did not get paid for my  work at all. So after I was finished, I opened the valve and sprayed all that brown fertilizer on the lawn. Then I showed middle finger to the dude sitting on the porch, slammed my door shut and headed to town yet again.When I arrived to the town, I was hungry, so I bought some food and beer. After couple of beers, I put some gas into my truck and started driving home. My truck got stuck at the dirt road and the wheels did not get any torque. I drank all the remaining beer and tried to walk home. I died on my way back, in the woods. RIP.3rd attempt starting soon :>"
,Recommended,516750,26266051,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,bryan,"It's all I ever dreamed of. 10/10Stopped me from spending my families finances on rebuilding my ford escort cosworth in the garage, my wife has been in legal proceedings to divorce from me and this game was the angel that saved me from my eventual suicide."
76561198076193889,Recommended,516750,26549473,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Woodstock,very enjoyable game looking forward to seeing what they add in the future
,Recommended,516750,26521774,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,hilallo,You will love being an angry finnish
,Recommended,516750,26278021,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Januzuzu,"I've been following this game's developement ever since the first youtube video uploaded by the dev came out. I'm not a competent person at cars, hell, I can't even fix my own real life car. But this game is so therapeutic and fun to get into even if you don't know anything about cars. So after dying a good 6-7 times, and starting the game over again each time, a few times after some unfortunate bugs came up, such as falling through the world, I started a proper and true to life run at this game.So I picked up the phone, locals calling about their sewer being full. I tell them I'll be right there, jump into my truck, and head off.I get to the first one, empty it no problems, head to the next one. At the next one, the pump refused to empty it, I start wondering what's going on with it, I try to move the truck and it suddenly just stops running. After an intensive and thorough inspection, I noticed I had ran out of fuel. Now here's the best part, I ran out of fuel about 100 meters away from the fuel station. So here's what transpired from that, also note that this was before sprinting was introduced.I'm on the other side of the map, it would take me easily an hour or two to walk home to get the tractor to tow this truck.I remember there's a muscle car outside the car repair shop about a quarter of the map away.I start walking towards the car repair shop after picking up a full case of beer from the store.It took me 25 minutes and almost as many beers to get to there.By the time I'm there, I'm absolutely wasted.Finnish blood mixed with alcohol mixed with finnish blood, I get into the muscle car, start it up, and start driving.Carefully drive home with it, taking me yet another 25 minutes.Get into the tractor, start driving towards the town.Takes me about 20 minutes to get to town with the tractor.Get the truck, start towing it.Truck refuses to go up a slight incline.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Have to go around to flatter area so it actually moves.Fight with the tractor and the truck for 15 minutes before getting it to the fuel station.The shop is closed by now.This means I cannot refuel.I'm sitting here with the tractor at half tank and truck still empty.Shop wont open for another 6-7 in game hours.Bar is still open.Go to bar to drown my sorrows in more alcohol.Brew a master plan after 8 beers and 3 vodka shots.Hop over the counter.Go to the back room.There are two switches there, flip both of them.One opened the store door.One (probably) enabled the fuel pumps.Run out through the open store door.Refill both my tractor and truck.Truck tank is massive so this takes me another 10 minutes overall.Shop is still closed, so I can't pay for the fuel.Decide to pay later.Drive truck back to the guy's yard to empty the sewage.Finish pumping and store is still closed.Decide to head home for now.Get home.Jump out of the truck.Phone starts ringing.""Who dis""""I know you stole fuel, come back and pay for it""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Decide to head over after finishing building my Satsuma.More calls during build, all about sewers being full.Go empty them during the trip to store.Get to store.Store is closed.Bar is closed.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Thirsty.Hungry.Tired.Drive home.Flip truck 50 meters away from home.EI JUMALAUTA.Eat, drink, and go to sleep while♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off.Wake up.Try to tow the truck with the van to get it upright.Not working at all.Physics glitch out.Van flies into the air and slams into the ground.Die from impact.10/10 game, absolutely love it."
,Recommended,516750,27545640,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,WD,"You can flip off the sun, listen to amispoppi and die of thirstA very typical summer in Finland back in the 90s"
,Recommended,516750,26210621,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,prakkeri,"Tried to put sausages in fridge, but they glitched into a wall. Got drunk and drove van under the lake for a while. Fun times 6/5"
,Recommended,516750,26202787,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kreunz,">Few part and my car would be finished>Die by crashing a stolen muscle car to a tree and beer hitting you on the headWell, its still a 5/5. Just fix the AiIcars."
76561198121221877,Recommended,516750,26623642,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Lokeyday,There is a lot of detail in objects and the vehicles. The community is very helpful. This is a good game if you want to learn a bit about cars. Also it can be really funny at times. :D I think that this is a very unique game and can't wait to see more of it.
,Recommended,516750,26415002,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Duckumz 31,"If you have ever turned a wrench on a car in your entire life you should pick this up, hell even if you haven't you might actually learn something here. Very detailed assembly and tuning of the car even at this stage. Its got some bugs but most of them are worth a solid laugh and nothing major. Saves need some work (multiple files)..."
76561197971865579,Recommended,516750,26213721,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,CombineRi,100% goty 2016 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,516750,31522468,Posted: 3 May,all,It Fearo,Knowing how to build and drive a car is recommended.
76561197988219361,Recommended,516750,26204065,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Bu$t4rD,Awesome beginning for a magnificient story! Keep up the good work!
76561198068981474,Recommended,516750,26201399,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ribel,"Love this game.. just like summer evening.. you are tired and hungry but you wanna finish your job before going sleeping.. just drink few beers and keep swearing coz cant find right spanner..Active developer, notable updates once a week.PROS+Details+Funny+NPC:s+Totally worth of 15€+Funny physics bugsCONS-Annoying physics bugs-You maybe die laughing-I dont have any beer in my fridge IRL-Hope it´s still 90's"
,Recommended,516750,26213018,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,LeatherJack,"It consumes all my time, so it must be good."
,Recommended,516750,26212188,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jari Avanto,Good Game 5/5
,Recommended,516750,26219981,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Steven,this game is amazing. best early access game i've bought next to beam.ng drive. 6.8 hours in and i died once about halfway thru(permadeath on) and now my car is finally nearly completion. probably gonna be an extra 2 hrs just getting it to run right. i highly recommend this game if ur into cars and if u think beer is the only thing to quench your thirst
,Recommended,516750,26338439,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Gavekort,"An excellent Finland Simulator. The concept, execution and humour is great, and although it's still in its infancy I can still recommend it as an Early Access buy.As of today there are still some major issues, such as content gaps that breaks the game, a somewhat empty world, and awful controls. I do however believe that this will be fixed in future releases, and this is after all a very early access."
76561198116108510,Recommended,516750,32600996,Posted: 20 June,all,Dvanark,"Super frusturating game, but its a lot of fun.... Until your windshield explodes after putting the dashboard in. BEFORE THE INSPECTION!!!"
,Recommended,516750,26510749,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,jtgibson,"This is a game about the inherent comedy of real life.  True to the Finnish style of comedy, it's a comedy of errors and more than just a mechanic simulator (although it is also that).  In other words, while it's ""about"" building a car, that's actually only the second part of the game.  The first part of the game is trying to build that car in spite of every effort to prevent you from doing so.I explained to someone else the other day (who would never be interested in this sort of game) on why I like it so much, and came up with the perfect summary:""It's all about the Finnish culture: work hard by driving a septic truck or chopping firewood, and then drink beer, use a sauna, and run and jump into a lake. This game requires you to literally suck♥♥♥♥♥♥in order to have fun."""
,Recommended,516750,26343821,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Highlander,Tö biir was guud bat tö roud vas slipöri.
,Recommended,516750,29308143,Posted: 16 January,all,TBONE,- Drank beer- Chopped firewood- Flipped van- Got thirsty- Unflipped van- Drove to town to get more beer- Got lost- Got hit by A finnish Person- Died10/10 Take My Money
76561198037001575,Recommended,516750,34891415,Posted: 11 September,all,Gammar51,Remember when your dad threw you across the room because you got a scratch on his new car. This game explanes that.
,Recommended,516750,34907226,Posted: 12 September,all,C@bi,"I have been playing for 23 years and never had so much fun in a game. Its very difficult at first but when you get used to it its just pure fun! Swearing,peeing,drining,smoking this game has it all."
,Recommended,516750,30168518,Posted: 25 February,all,Taskuu,"This game is called the ""Finland Simulator"" which it basicly is.The game is about, as the name says, building your own car. It is also about surviving the Finnish lifestyle, for example you have to do some työukkoilu (blue collar jobs in English) and maintain your hunger etc.The game does not inform you in any way. You start in your house with some food and drinks and the disassembled car and you have to figure everything out on your own.(or google it :))) )It is still in early access but I would recommend it for anyone who likes to play humoristic or realistic games."
,Recommended,516750,26307835,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,RageFu,"This is not a good game. This is an AWESOME game. Because if you want to know how an AWESOME game looks like, it looks like this! AWESOME!!!Loved to play this game and sincerely would vote for it as the GAME OF THE YEAR! I streamed this game to my viewers and they laught so hard, I think this game is one of the best games I ever played. Buy this game and have FUN!10/10 would die in a card crash again!"
,Recommended,516750,26746483,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Sick Snek,"My Summer Diary.Day 1I wake up and go outside to see a bunch of random parts and a chassis. Well ♥♥♥♥ me sideways. I take a van and after numerous attempts to drive it on the road I say ♥♥♥♥ it and mow every bush on the roadside on my way to town shop.I make the essential purchases needed for survival - Fan belt, coolant, brake fluid, pizza, noodles, chips, and 4 crates of beer. And motor oil.As I drive back on the highway some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tries to drive into me. I politely show him middle finger as I lean through my window, eventually going off-road because I forgot to look on the road.I come back to see my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mobil still in pieces. Tomorrow's a day too.Day 2Flies wake me up. Is it me or is it the aroma of Finnish forest? Probably the former one. I head to the sauna and turn on the stove. As I wait I empty a crate of beer and start assembling...I think it's the chassis, yes. Everything shakes too much to notice. I get back to a hot sauna and pour some water on stove to wash myself and get rid of flies. Then a classic Finnish deodorant, a.k.a. mosquito repelant. I get back to assembling the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mobil and finish the day with chassis and partially mounted suspension. Make finnish rally great again.Day 3The wheels are in place, so is the radiator. I'm getting closer to get my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mobil in shape. Engine assembly started. I spend more time looking for the right spanner rather than mounting the parts themselves. I lost the carburetor somewhere. Tomorrow's a day too. I empty a crate of beer and go swimming in lake to wash myself and get rid of flies. I come back home and use another can of mosquito repellant before going to sleep.Day 4Some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ calls me in the middle of the night to pick him up from the bar. But my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mobil can't drive so I hang up and turn on the lights in garage, assembling the final parts and being close to fin(n)ish. As I put the engine inside the car something cracks and dents appear on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mobil's flawless body. I empty a crate of beer to get over the dents on my brand new car and get back to bed.Day 5This is it. After numerous tries to find the right key, after so many hours spent trying to assemble my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥mobil...I give up. I take a van and smash into a tree, getting a newspaper headline on my death.10/10 would live in 90s Finland again."
76561198146215422,Recommended,516750,29067397,Posted: 6 January,all,Dr. Flynn,"Drunken, Finnish, Mechanic Simulator, what more could you want?"
,Recommended,516750,26234736,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Pekki,"17 tuntia myöhemmin...Mies... joka osaa hyvällä tuurilla vaihtaa autoonsa renkaat ja tankkaamaan sen.. sai auton ""valmiiksi"". Tällä tarkoitan sitä, että osat ovat kiinni ja moottori lähti käyntiin.Käsijarru irtosi muutaman vedon jälkeen. Vielä en ole uskaltanut tuunata moottoria saati ajaa sitä tallia pidemmälle. Kauhea pelko perseessä, että auto leviää. Tämän järkyttävän tuskan ja rakentamisen jälkeen en halua menettää tuota kaunista tekelettäni...vaikka vielä siitä pitäisi säätää moottori kuntoon, säätää aurauskulmat, korjata kori ja katsastaa. Ehkä jos vain tilaisin subbarin autoon ja popittelisin tuolla tallissa musiikkia ja joisin kaljaa? Lintulaudan jos myös laittaisi autoon kiinni niin voisi siinä sitten säilytellä makkarapaketteja...Rahalle...todellakin...vastinetta... 11/10English:Took me 17hours to build the car. Now im too afraid to drive it.Game totally worth the money 11/10"
,Recommended,516750,26257126,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Woodcutter,"Needs some refinements, for instance. The entire engine hoist and all that entails. Getting the block onto the damn thing is tedious enough, but trying to line it up perfectly with the mounts inside the chassis, you might as well be making a car blind, with parkinsons.I get that it's going for a realistic take on car building, but some of the things this game asks you to do are harder than their real-life counterparts. I do hope that it is a planned feature to make the shower functional, as it seems needlessly tedious to use a shower for filling a bucket to then use in a sauna to VERY slowly lower my filth.I also managed to completely wreck the front end of my car simply buy pushing it with my bare hands. There's been the occasional bug where I've saved and quit the game, and come back to find items which I had moved from the garage or bought from the store had disappeared, most annoying of those was the fan belt, which I spent 20 minutes driving to and from the store to collect, I saved and quit, came back an hour or two later and it was simply gone.These are bugs however, and this is an early access game so I can forgive it them. Despite those issues, I've had a great deal of fun in this game. More than I ever expected. It's a relaxing, carthartic experience at one moment, then the next you realise you're doing 80mph on a narrow dirt road and flip your van and die. It's very similar to Jalopy, although far more complex and far more embracing of a comedic approach. I wholeheartedly reccomend this game to anyone, not just car fanatics. I bought into this game because I thought it'd be a laugh. I'm finding that under the metaphorical hood, it has much much more to offer."
76561198043156587,Recommended,516750,26215924,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,jerry,"Very nice game, it takes an hour to build the car from scrap ;DDI can see myself knowing how to build a car after thisHaven't experienced bugs yet, but they will show up some day :)So far it's 10/10"
76561198080812504,Recommended,516750,33600288,Posted: 16 July,all,Mess,Feel like i am in the dudesons-Finland-Moped-Sausages-Barn-Septic truck-Mr Hitler(Green racer man) who you just want to♥♥♥♥♥♥offHighly recommend this game
,Recommended,516750,26282037,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Abominable,This game is awsome
,Recommended,516750,26824599,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Timelord Sloth,Finland Simulator 2016
,Recommended,516750,26209195,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Oskulock,"You need to be 110% amis to be able to play this game properly.> See a pack of beer and sausages.> Drink beer and eat sausages.> Go to backyard drunk.> See car in pieces.> Over 100 pieces.> ""No time for this bs.""> Grab a pack of beer and sausages and go for a picnic.> Start chopping logs while drunk.> Steal gasoline from a truck while drunk.> Play pelikone drunk.> Lose all your money to fcucking tuplapotti.> Run around countryside drunk and try to find home.> Finally found home.> Tired asf.> Boot up ""My Summer Car""( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,516750,26816613,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,,Frustrating? Yes.Annoying? Yes.Buggy? Yes.Utterly♥♥♥♥♥♥ Yes.Good? ♥♥♥♥ yes. This game is on another level of awesome sauce.
76561197990098182,Recommended,516750,33177366,Posted: 3 July,all,eccles2122,"A superb Finland simulator. But it´s not Finnished yet :DI enjoy it very much, didn't come across game stopping issues.If you like driving, walking or to work then this might be for you! (and learn some Finnish in the process).Hauska peli ! (<--- see?!)"
,Recommended,516750,26299294,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,DankGamer,"*Drunk driving a van packed full of sausages and booze.**Crashes into ditch upside down*Long silence ensues...Player: ""Spring is full of p*ssies!""10/10 Most accurate Finnish simulator"
,Recommended,516750,26250907,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Olmiss,Pretty accurate and good game yes
,Recommended,516750,26241255,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Lars Fidjarsen (Uberrat),">Spend hours building car>Construct car feeling super proud>Calibrate valve timing>Calibrate carburetor>After a bit of trouble shooting, fix my brake system and have the car completely working>Hook up my g29 wheel and calibrate all the pedals and buttons>Start driving>Steering is slightly off, but I feel awesome>I'm cruising thru the gears, taking each corner with stride>I find the highway>I push the car to the limit on the highway>She starts to get hot so I just start cruising>pass a green Subaru Legacy (or somethin like that)>The legacy catches up to be and pulls a crazy passing maneuver and then stops immediately in front of me>I narrowly avoid the car and speed up to lose it>Everything is back to normal until I see a police checkpoint>I haven't been drinking, so I figure I'll be fine> I stop in the middle of the road at the checkpoint>I'm waiting for the cops to do something>As I'm wondering what will happen, I turn around and look out my rear window>It's at this moment that I see a green Subaru Legacy about 3 meters from me going 160 km/h>Massive collision>Death>I had perma-death turned off>I go to the main menu>""New Game"">There is no ""continue""I'll play this game again next year. Really fun, but I can't stand to play it again for at least a few months."
,Recommended,516750,28209038,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,TheIntrepidNemo,"1. Load van with fuel cannisters.2. Begin driving to town for supplies.3. Make it to the store and load up.4. Begin driving home.5. Crash right before the final stretch.6. Dead.7. Realize permadeath is on after doing this a few times.8. Turn it off.9. Begin again, repeat steps 1-5.10. Revive at home.11. Van's gone, along with your money and all the supplies you just bought.12. Turn permadeath back on."
,Recommended,516750,27207964,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Spuderr,5/5
,Recommended,516750,26407225,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,tacomeal,"try to build carget frustrateddecide to drive into town with vanget lostgoing 11014 beers deepsee police checkpointblast byhot pursuitmanage to get away, stock up on beer and pizzafew shots at pub before i hit roadsee police in distancepull over cuz good driverget head on by copdie9/10 needs cigarette meter"
,Recommended,516750,26221938,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,kättis,Getting drunk makes you feel dizzy irl 5/5
,Recommended,516750,26222496,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Fox,Postal light meets car mechanic simulator.
,Recommended,516750,30227543,Posted: 27 February,all,~KILLSWITCH~[SkinHub.com],I Wish for more cars like a choice before starting the game on what car or truck you want to build it word make the game aot more funner
76561198123334871,Recommended,516750,32841974,Posted: 26 June,all,luhan.choke.me,"My Summer Car, oh my, this gameI cannot say enough good things about this game.For me it is one of those games which I cannot wait for the next update to come out, but even if there isn't any new content I still play the game a lot.Good Points- amazing building + puzzle- beer- drunk driving- drunk drivers trying to kill you- s h i t t y van full of beer (literally exploding at the seams full)- expensive traffic fines- I can use a controller (somewhat)- passing out from being drunk- p i s s i n g in the radiator- p i s s i n g in your own mouth- rally racing- boring Finnish countryside- cant drive full speed with van for fear of speed wobbles- seatbelts dont exist in Finland- sliding straight through those DM's cause the van's brakes are so bad- driving worse than the ""yellow b a s t a r d"" and ""green menace""- burnouts with classic 3 speed Murican' muscle- 25 second 1/4 mile- getting stuck in my own garage- hood scoop- 85+ cases of beer laggin my game to s h i t at my house- dumping waste in public places- Finnish version of Uber- police officers not letting me close my door- police officers knocking me out with a club when I try to run away- waking up in a metal box- pressing 'H' till I die of dehydrationBad Points- More frequent updates. I understand that one person is working on it, but they have made an amazing product and I hope to see a whole team working on it some day- Fleetari is just a d i c k- I'd love to see multiplayer or co-op mode at some point, but I've already looked into this for this game and I've seen peeple saying that it would be impossible and the developer would have to remake the game- I need more parts to buy from Amis Auto :P- I just wish that my computer could run this game better. (I have a really good compter FX 8350 processor and AMD Radeon RX 480 graphics)- uhhh more beer??In conclusion I love this game a lot, it keeps me sane from the montony of GTA Online and the brain damage that are World of Tanks random battles. I will keep playing this game for a while I just love it to death.12/10 will punch air to get back to my house again"
,Recommended,516750,26214580,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,TheNobo21,>Drink beer.>Go to the local market.>Buy beer and microwave pizza.>Drink more beer.>Drive home.>Drink even more beer.>Find the bottle of booze>Drink the booze>Pass out>Wake up with hangover>eyes.exxe has stopped working>Survive the hangover>Start bulding your car>Finish the car build>Begin driving to the market with self built Satsuma>Bangcrashbang.mp3<wtf.jpg>Engine blew up<Drink beer>Restart game and repeat it all
76561198165989538,Recommended,516750,26575866,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,thejesterofdarkness,"My wife yelled at me over this game.Not because it was Early AccessNot because you can pee on anyone or anythingNot because you can swear at great legnth in FinnishNot because you can flip the birdNot because you can drink and driveShe yelled ""You can't put groceries away here but you'll put food and beer away in a digital kitchen?!?!""Game of the Year.10/10 Would keep my kitchen tidy again"
,Recommended,516750,29432180,Posted: 22 January,all,Virgo,EVER WANTED TO BE FINNISH NO? OK...
,Recommended,516750,26266216,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Udenszirnis,Racing and simulation game of the year every year from now on
76561197976704198,Recommended,516750,26725977,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DOLPHINDUDE,"Nothing better then spending ten goddamn hours building and tweaking a car, pumping sewage, chopping logs. Only to have permadeath strike when you're trying to have a ♥♥♥♥ing beer while outrunning the cops.10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26330491,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Aim Like Ray Charles,"Got my tanker truck stuck in a ditch, and it took me 3 hours to get it out.10/10"
76561198055739744,Recommended,516750,28278881,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,TheDarkOne,1st off this game is sooo good.... play with permadeath its so much fun not knowing if ur guna die. take a chance on this game and you won't regret it ......... ps ♥♥♥♥ the green car
76561198267460314,Recommended,516750,29495621,Posted: 25 January,all,Backwoods Patriot,"Cant stop playing, If you like working on cars, tuning carbs, drinking beer while crusing back roads get this game"
,Recommended,516750,26260726,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ViCEMAN,"And some things that should not have been forgotten were lost. History became legend. Legend became myth. And for more than two decades, Finnish guys had lost their tradition... Until My Summer Car hits the arena and revived our true nature! I didn't have Datsun, but I had Carina II 1978 model. Great game.. absolutely. It has the most important element of gaming. It's FUN!"
76561198134471827,Recommended,516750,28482417,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,TheDolphinKing,"Short review: 4.5/5, gets on your nerves sometimes, great game to pass time with, teaches you about cars and getting drunk.Long review:Okay, so this game and I have a very odd love-hate relationship. Except it hates me and I love it even though it constantly  screws me. The first time I built the car was quite the adventure. It took me so many tries just to get to the store. But once I got to the store and came back, it was on. I used the wikia to help build the car, and I don't know how people can build the car without using it. So, once I got the car turned on and had it running for a few minutes, I heard a loud clunk and then the car wouldn't turn on again. Well upon further inspection, my dumba** forgot to push the choke back in and I blew a piston. So I restarted and built a new one, this one went a lot smoother, I knew the basics of it so it went a lot quicker. That is, until I went to have it registered. Apparently, you have to have windshield to pass inspection, and I happened to have punched it out so I could drink while driving and my bottles wouldn't stay rolling around in the car. So I didn't register it and played around with that car until I massively wrecked it and died and couldn't/didn't want to put it back together. So I built another. With this one, everything went as smooth as it could. I went and got it registered, first inspection didn't turn out so good, it turned out I forgot to tighten one bolt on the gas tank, not a big deal, tightened it and passed the inspection, and then dropped 15k on parts, and now I'm waiting for the next race to roll around. If you're looking for some fast paced FPS shooter, don't buy this. But if you're looking for something fun to pass the time, I'd say go for it, even if you're not a very big car person, I know I'm not and I love the hell out of this game."
76561197962840270,Recommended,516750,28764437,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Traumatized Goat,"Pretty decent game about building and maintaining a car. Some mechanical knowledge is required. Also has tedious life simulation with odd jobs, eating, sleeping, drinking and sitting in a sauna."
,Recommended,516750,26202133,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kastelumato,very nice
,Recommended,516750,26239324,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Pperkele Csgoroll.com,5/5 best game ever
,Recommended,516750,28674989,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Benthegingey,"Died twice whilst trying to build the car, built the car, started driving it to the town, car stopped on the main road, swore at the car, got hit by a truck.Currently contemplating trying again.Basically, buy the game and swear at everything, you'll build the car eventually.(Being serious, this game is great. I have an engineering background and can vouch that a lot of the game is pretty accurate in terms of parts and the tediousness of putting everything together, and the satisfaction of making something that works.)"
76561198202365188,Recommended,516750,26457713,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,=NTC= Spankke,The ultimate Finland simulator for you! Get drunk and chop wood cause you'll have to have some way of buying those awesome car parts right!?
76561198157217565,Recommended,516750,26211228,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,6A13TT,1. works on rear suspension of summer car2. tries to install bootlid.3. causes car to flip over onto roof.10/10 will swear their head off agian.
76561197965507696,Recommended,516750,26203495,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,SabaSaba,Vitukova
,Recommended,516750,26299915,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TocaFita,">5h to make the car>try to start car.>nope>i forgot the gas.>grab the 2 galon gas>put to fuel, drop 90% on the floor.>go in the driver seat and try to start.>ITS ALIVE>weird noises>go out to see what's happening. It looks like the belt is loose.>and suddenly the belt scapes and break the water pump.>back to drawing board.10/10 game.Dark souls - Car Edition"
,Recommended,516750,27808510,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kemer,5/5
,Recommended,516750,26220981,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Cryo001,"Spent a couple hours putting together my car, was about to start dropping in the engine when a thunderstorm started. The phone rang so I picked it up and got killed by lightening 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26238147,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Khaos,"Saw this game in a comment on a unrelated video and I investigated.I watched the original greenlight trailer and was instantly bombarded with strong baltic language, a funny developer and perhaps the biggest challenge in a game I have played.Thanks to a 6 hour expedition in which I questioned my own existence in '90s Finland, it is safe to say that I have become a truly qualified Finnish Motor Mechanic. My virtual liver has died and my stomach is full with sausages. The relief I felt when I first started up the car was massive, I mean it's brakes don't work and it seems to stall easily but by God I got it started and it is legitimately the greatest achievement I have done in my entire life.I started with no knowledge about the inner workings of a car and finished with absoloutely no knowledge about the inner workings of a car.My game time has amounted to 12 hours somehow, I have only been to the town with the shop in and only driven the van and a few feet in the car and there is still quite a lot more content out there.If that doesn't tell you that this game is somehow incredibly engrossing I don't know what will.The developer made this game so it is not ""just about masturbating to cars"" like all other car games and I think he achieved that.Buy this and have Finnish filled epiphany's, drink and drive, drink and build, drink and urinate, drink andEATSAUSAGE"
,Recommended,516750,26400124,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Arttyy,"Got frustrated, went to drive the van with 2 cases of beer, flipped the van, drank rest of the beer sitting in the upside down."
,Recommended,516750,26250318,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Neuro,Best Simulator of 2016
,Recommended,516750,26348643,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,hak,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198031754927,Recommended,516750,28862095,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Finlandball,Finland STRONK! Finland BIG!Finland... very drunk.
,Recommended,516750,28494891,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Erich,- Drank beer- Chopped firewood- Got thirsty- Drove to town for more beer- Got lost- Drove into lake- Died10/10
,Recommended,516750,27344987,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,YoungMildew,Steps on how to build car.Grab beer case.Start by engine.Drink Beer.Every half hour spent on engine drink beer.Take apart engine realizing you messed upDrink beer.After hours of rage finish engine and celebrate with beer.Start Suspension on car.Drink beer.First go the srping thin.Drik beer.Rotor.Drink bear.Brake.Beer.Thro tirse garge.Brink deer.Jabla satana.bermore beeeer♥♥♥♥♥♥♥phone stp rnging.beer.Whre sasage?.beer.Urnat in soona.beer.Van.forget hnd brk.beer.tree.Newspaper.
76561198052142934,Recommended,516750,26298847,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Vilee,5/5 would buy again
76561198026694543,Recommended,516750,28140798,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Captain Stabbin,"Got this game.Put the engine together first time. Nope,♥♥♥♥ed it up.Tried again.Guess not, Missed a part.♥♥♥♥.20 hours later I got the car all put together, paited and looking dope as hell (MATTE BLACK).Crashed it, Flipped it, ♥♥♥♥ed it up.Got drunk, punched out the windows,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on it.GG WP.10/10 would start again."
,Recommended,516750,26391945,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dei,breddy gud gamedan ouda dan :---DDDDactually a fun game and one of the few singeplayer games that I've been enjoying for the whole time of playing it
,Recommended,516750,26260794,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,E- la -in,I had a Nissan Cherry when I was 20 in 1995 so this hits close for me.
76561197962729314,Recommended,516750,26298531,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Quintrix,"Exellent Finland simulator.. only problem i have is with driving, i have to keep pressing 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 depending what gear i want, just changin up/down doesn't work..I wish you could trade your Datsun to Lada :)"
,Recommended,516750,28516430,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,OwO Offishlgmr xd,"Found a bottle of booze on the ground, drank it, drove while drinking more beer, passed out and woke up 2 days later at a strangers house 10/10 would do again"
76561197974207095,Recommended,516750,26303426,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,BigDiggerNick,"- building an engine from scratch, bolt by bolt, screw by scew, hoses and stuff?no problem, done in 2 hours including the chassis- eating?OH♥♥♥♥♥♥WHAT DO I DO? THE SAUSAGE FROM THE KITCHEN IS EATEN ALREADYthis game is more survival than all other survival games out therealso: thank you devs. thank you so damn much for this game. i beg you, please keep up the good work!"
76561198093936250,Recommended,516750,26697099,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Communist Weasel,"If your having trouble deciding if you want the early access to this game or not, let me help. From my experience so far, this game is not forgiving even with perma-death off. You will soon discover that the mini-van that you start with is your best friend that constantly wants to punch you in the balls for saying or doing the slightest thing wrong. If you enjoy cars, building cars, getting drunk, telling people to go ♥♥♥♥ themselves, or Finland, this game is for you. 10/10 best car building ♥♥♥♥around game ever."
,Recommended,516750,26723516,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,DjIch1,"Wow, i went into this game with not alot of expectations and i was suprised how much fun it is! That feeling when you build up you engine and start i is amazing!And don't think it's easy to build and drive your car! This game punishes errors pretty hard.Needless to say, there are still many bugs in it but if they develop it further and update it frequently this game could get into the steam top 10."
,Recommended,516750,29009620,Posted: 4 January,all,Crabonator,It has its own soul that is hard to explain. Well worth it.
,Recommended,516750,28201575,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,RainBowDash :*,"BEST BUY OF THE LAST 6 MONTHS!!! and yes this had to be yelled...::Edit: 5.12.16::..features:- Driving Simulation- Car build Simulation- Finnish Life in the landsite 1990' Simulation- Tuning Simulation- Unboxing Simulation- Sauna Simulation- Getting drunk Simulation- Do nasty stuff Simulation- What could happen when you get into an accident Simulationalso: funny AchievementsEDIT ENDWell, it took me around 30 minutes to setup my TR500RS+8H Shifter. But it was worth every single second.After I setup my steering wheel, I directly hopped into the game.I don't want to talk about the around 100 car parts lying around in and around your garage, everyone mentioned that already.The game features a rare combination of survival, building (haha sounds like every single else survival game) and here it comes, misbehave and car driving simulation. As well as Perma Death, which is possible to turn off.Don't worry, you don't have to build your car first before you are even able to drive. You already own a diesel van, a diesel tractor and a diesel truck. With your tractor comes a trailer for your chopped wood too.Driving itself feels surprisingly legit. Only thing is the forcefeedback, sometimes it doesn't feel right. Or a little too weak, but overall the driving is simulated good enough to be worth done with a steering wheel. Btw there is an auto clutch option.As the name of the game already says, your goal is your summer car. You seem a little tired from driving your useless drunk friend home, chopping fire wood for everyone around that lake and sucking the♥♥♥♥♥♥sewers dry from the other everyone around that lake. It's a working for a living simulation and it's quiet fun tho.You probably use every single free minute to build your car from all that nearly hundred parts in and around your garage. Sometimes nature calls in different ways, essential survival stuff is drinking, eating, peeing, sleeping and not getting too drunk. Especially if you plan to drive that day.There are enough parts in your house to completely build your car and every tool you need to tune your car properly is also aviable.Only thing, you can't repair your chassis by yourself. Not even the Han Solo way.When you are done building your car, and didn't kill yourself by earning money or doing testdrives, or getting involved in any car accident you are not responsible for. You probably find out, the essence of the game just began.There is a catalogue in your sleeping room which features a lot of car parts. So you probably go on with sucking some♥♥♥♥♥♥out of some sewers, chopping and delivering wood and driving your useless friend home in the middle of the night, just to earn enough money to build up your car into your dream car. Or something similiar."
,Recommended,516750,26245388,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,'Jabba de hut zut ;) csoffer.me,My life as a swedish guy in the woods with a bit of both norweigan and finnish blood running in my veins this is nostalgic.
76561198358723624,Recommended,516750,31161478,Posted: 15 April,all,sandalljacob,I love the game it is so fun i would only change one thing is that going to store is a little faster instead of taking 20 real life minutes and also if the muscle car had more grip. thanks for the awesome game i am glad i paid 15 dollars
76561198132414796,Recommended,516750,26713804,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Amdusias,"10 times i have built the car.10 times i have TAPPED a tree.10 times i have died from said tree.10 times i have destroyed my keyboard.love this game, but trees are unforgiving."
,Recommended,516750,31257445,Posted: 20 April,all,_TheWildCat,"If you like cars, this is the right game for you. Don't like cars? Buy this game and you will like cars and know car building basics. It's everything you would want, you can do almost anything you would do in real life.Get money in lot's of diffrent ways, build your car, upgrade it, die a few times. Yes, it will get really annoying at the start, if you die all the time and loose lot of progress, I've rage quited a few times. But don't worry, after you get used to it everything will go from hand.How to get money- suck♥♥♥♥♥♥from wells at some houses, cut and deliver firewood to the ''wood'' guy, find old car wrecks and  tow them to the mechanic, give the drunk guy a ride when he calls at night, win rally.If you want to win a rally, you will have to build up your car. That's where the most of your money goes. Buy car parts and upgrades at the mechanic (paintjob, rollcage)Not to mention the humor and regular updates.10/10, love it."
,Recommended,516750,26490802,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,AE86THETIC,"It's not a game for everyone.If you love working on cars, you should get this game. Although it may seem like a cheap, bad game at first, it actually proves to be fun and entertaining once you get into it. Sure, you can say it's hard and the lack of any instructions do not make it better but put some effort into the game and you'll enjoy it. The adventure aspect is great here, like driving a bike in the rain at night, after having flipped a van. A lot of great updates and a very nice Finnish atmosphere."
,Recommended,516750,26282098,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,consun,"I really like this game, it has its own personality and is the coolest mechanich simulator ive seen. I belive it has a bright future ahead of it sence it's as young as it is and already has a decient following. I just really hope that they bring the command console back into the game."
76561198041647688,Recommended,516750,26221656,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,'mitzu,"Just buy it, it's absolutely amazing and cheap as fudge! Also it keeps getting better and better."
,Recommended,516750,32599243,Posted: 20 June,all,Ninja6460,Mahtava peli!Ei voi muuta sanoa kun 6/5.
76561198153799997,Recommended,516750,28585210,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,StaleCheeto,"Who wouldn't reccomend this? So, I spent 18 hours building my car, Got her runnin' like a champ. Took it out on the highway, Hit atleast 190kmh/ Than out of the blue, My piston flew threw my block causing all my oil to spew out and my motor blew up.11/10 would build another engine."
76561198001814214,Recommended,516750,32761395,Posted: 25 June,all,Señor Dickhead,"Is this game hard and frustrating? Yes. Is it fun? Well, of course!Building a car, sucking sewage, drunk driving, making your very own kilju, who needs more?Heavy nostalgia, and of course, special key for swearing, another one for giving the finger and a third one for drunk mumbling.10 vittus/10Would ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again."
,Recommended,516750,26217421,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jontzii,Very good game yes
,Recommended,516750,26339937,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Porta1987,Absolutely brilliant idea and concept for a game. The game runs really smooth had no issues at all with preformance. The game is very challanging would be easier to the people who already no how to build a car but when ur a noob like me wow its very hard but really good at same time if you like a challenge. I cant wait to see what the devs do with this game.
76561197995745513,Recommended,516750,26342644,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Kinkki,Finnish culture at it's best. Little bit buggy but great game.
76561197985872964,Recommended,516750,26363892,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[N³]TransparentCat,"Spawned in, got in my van, immediately drove into a tree and died and had to restart.Did it again only this time I got about 3 miles down the road.Repeat 6 times.I finally got the engine built up part way, and needed to go into town to get a fan belt. I did this. On the way back the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the green car rear ended me and I died.Repeat 15 times.I was sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥out of somebody's septic tank for money, fell in, and died.I answered the phone in a thunder storm, got shocked to death, and died.I drank copious amounts of water, my bladder exploded, I died.I already have 15 hours in this game and I've yet to even put wheels on my car.A+"
76561198058963406,Recommended,516750,26897225,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Filthy Peasant,"I spent 3 hours of my time getting hammered, building an engine block, and jamming to 90's EuropopGreat"
76561198283841884,Recommended,516750,28158899,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Evil Pepe the Witch,"I really recommend buying this game! This game is fun and awesome. The game is still in Early Access, so if you want to buy this, there will be bugs and new updates. Overall the game is fun to play and it's not expensive."
76561198115990463,Recommended,516750,27709266,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Iso Mies,Finland Simulator 5/5
76561198060592312,Recommended,516750,32694645,Posted: 23 June,all,fatlocust,"This game will test your patience. However the rewards , make it all worth while. No other game quite like it. Best game out there at the moment."
,Recommended,516750,28058999,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,EmmHe,Case solved you wart of a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just play it.
76561198003137327,Recommended,516750,26666366,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,kimosabi,"Ok had a beer and a sausage before I went out to check out the car. Car was a bare shell and that was way too much work today so  I had a couple more beers and a♥♥♥♥♥♥before I put the rest of the beer case with me in the blue van in case I got thirsty underway.Long story short: I forgot to close the passenger door, beer case fell out in a left turn, I swore ""Satan!!"" then I crashed and died.10/10"
76561198129332171,Recommended,516750,26324434,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,I'm spartacus,"7 and a half hours in, and I haven't even started building the car yet. This game is worth so much more than £10."
76561198089866704,Recommended,516750,26518946,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Soczekzoczek,"This game is a must buy if you love tinkering and fu#$%ing around, it's also a good procrestination tool, yet you always learn something new and don't feel like it's absoulute waste of time.And when you finaly get the car running, there's just this overwhelming feeling of accomplishing something great, something that you created, and  when you move it, it becomes a turd of twisted metal because you forgot to screw thatone little bolt... 10/10, would forget about it just to play it again like it never happened."
76561198129913303,Recommended,516750,26416920,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Zimbe,The Finland Simulator! The funniest game this year! P*RKELE
,Recommended,516750,31241378,Posted: 19 April,all,[TN7] Drowned,"TL;DR: A game that will entertain you for hours and educate you extensively. Great sense of learning and accomplishment from building. Has many fun RPG elements. Stable and playable. Open world is promising but currently lacking. Item detection is poor which can make simple tasks feel like lining up a mile-long snipe in an FPS. Would be nice to get more detail of catalogue parts before you buy (possibly in English). Overall, it's a must-have for the overractive mind or anyone with an Adderall prescription. $15 to learn about cars from the ground up, and it even comes with a fun game attached.Let me start by saying that I began the game with very little knowledge about cars. Sure, I could contribute to conversations about performance parts, mindlessly regurgitate specs and times, and parade a number of equally surface-level oscentations, but I never considered myself ""automechanically literate."" At least not compared to the car geniuses I know.My Summer Car is changing that. For my first few runthroughs, I didn't even touch the project car. I spent my time learning the map, figuring out the mechanics, and learning to love the subtle realisms that make the game more than just a mechanic simulator. I died many-a-time and refused to turn of perma-death because, well, mama didn't raise no ♥♥♥♥♥. After a few speeding tickets, fatal car crashes, and sceptic pump parties, I was ready.On my first productive playthrough, I thought I'd start with the suspension. After all, the dev went through so much trouble making you a great little workshop. It'd be a shame if you couldn't roll your machine in there to take advantage of it. I try to figure it out myself.Okay, the sub frame, easy enough. Oh, look, it popped right in!Hm, I need to raise this car a little more if I'm going to do this.*raises jack**more, more, too high. Car wasn't sitting on jack all the way. Car falls off**sub frame falls out. Back at square one*To YouTube I went, taking 40 minutes to follow a 15 minute video. In those 40 minutes, I'd learned how to build a front wheel drive suspension. From parts I knew but didn't know how they functioned, to parts I'd never heard of or thought about, I knew it all-- where they went, what they did, and what they attached to.So, when I launched my face through the windshield of my van on the way back from the store, I knew that 40 minutes would be cut in half next time.But repetition is boring. Next time, I built the engine. I had no illusions of knowledge here. YouTube was a must.And, my god, building an engine (even virtually) just makes you feel so manly. The best part is that I now have a really good idea of how an inline 4 engine works. At this point I think ""this $15 game has already taught me what a trade school would have charged hundreds for."" Sure, you could google all this information, but this game makes you put the part in the right place, tighten all the bolts with the correct size wrench (spanner, as they call it in game), and attach things in a (semi) logical order.The interior was the easiest, of course. Even someone who doesn't know what an engine is could assemble the core parts of the interior without help. The real challenge is making sure you've tightened all the bolts, as some are (almsost too) easy to miss. If you like to learn and do things yourself, I'd recommend giving the interior a shot alone, but then watching a video to check your work. No matter how much car ferver you have, missing the bolt that secures the handbrake cable to the rear wheels is damn near guaranteed.Fill up that engine bay. This is the second easiest to most people, I think, as most people see what's under their hood much more often than they get a good look at their suspension.Hoist up that engine, lower it into the car. Bolts.Slap on the doors and fenders, pop a hood and trunk lid on that ♥♥♥♥♥, paint her up-- we have a car, fellas.And that's the game, guys. Just kidding.What's this magazine on my desk? Oh, a parts catalogue. In Finnish. Awesome.*spend the next week of your real life chopping wood, pumping sewage, ordering parts, trying them out, replacing them, etc. until you have your dream.*Okay, that's the game. Lolololol jk.Ram people, kill them, take their car.Get wasted, go for a ride on your moped.Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ is that a boat?Wait, I can drink tap water? I don't have to do everthing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d?*Do everything ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d anyway. Except driving your life's work, of course*You won't catch me alive, cops!Ouch... well, I was technically right...Now, the game has its downsides. At times, the game's realism overreaches the effectiveness of the player mechanics. You'll get annoyed having to crouch for nearly everything and leaning over when that's not enough. You'll be annoyed that you have to put your cursor directly over anything you want to use or interact with, and that the detection is mediocre at best. Hours of intense realism will be forfeit when you spend 15 minutes trying to start your van. Trying to start your engine while behind the wheel will first force you to open the door before you have to poisition your mouse over the tiny ignition and crank it so long that it feels more like a jack-in-the-box than a vehicle.While the car building is extensive, you'll likely find that you only get one or two builds that you prefer, and those two will overlap greatly. Of course, the game is still in early access and receives updates commendably frequently.Overall, a great game for a great price that teaches you a lot, challenges you, yet still provides ample opportunity to take a break from its more demanding features."
,Recommended,516750,27839816,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,9000 Aero #SAAB TURBO,Driving old Japanse cars and beer drinking simulator.
,Recommended,516750,26275634,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,topcatti360,Died on my way to the store more than I'd like to admit.5/5
,Recommended,516750,28047698,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Festus Molestus,I've been to Finland.. This is a perfect representation of how Fins live10/10
,Recommended,516750,26551041,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Rj137,"Finnish dark souls, but with a singular car instead of bosses11/10 would accidentally kill a cop again"
76561198041371055,Recommended,516750,32660246,Posted: 22 June,all,Finn,"It's painfully tedious, a complete waste of time, and difficult as all hell. That being said, I enjoyed the experience more than I have any game in a long, long time. It's not for the faint of heart, but those who do decide to undertake the challenge, it's extremely satisfying."
,Recommended,516750,26277762,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,nukes only make me stronger,this game changed every fibre of my beingi now firmly believe that i am a finnish country bumpkin and can drink my own urine for sustenance.10/10
76561198043413391,Recommended,516750,26200958,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,simakuutio,"This game is so insanely crazy and those damn flies and mosquitos, only things I hate in Finnish summer.Support good indie game developers and buy this. Word of warning: this game isn't fun to play and easy as hell, thisis something opposite and that's the reason why this is a real gem."
76561197972963683,Recommended,516750,26204098,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kolistaja,"Best, Game, Ever!"
,Recommended,516750,26202246,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Saappari,Can't play this game without beer. 5/5
,Recommended,516750,26203443,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,zodar,Physics bugs are a listed feature. This tells you all you need to know about the game.
,Recommended,516750,26202262,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,pingas,"This game will make you understand what ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" truly means and teach you the mysterious ways of finnish people. And also make you always check every god damn bolt because you really don't want gearbox to take a french leave when you're trying to get 100+ kph on a dirty♥♥♥♥♥backwater road.Surprisingly competent from the technical standpoint for a Unity-based game too. Totally worth the price."
,Recommended,516750,26202604,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,vonSturmwurst,"For anyone interested in diving into finnish culture, or just looking for a masochistic car building experience, I'd warmly recommend this gem of a game. As both a finn and a survivor of the 90s I can wouch that this gave me a huge nostalgia trip. As a novice when it comes to car engineering I can wouch that this game can be very very hard.But you can get wasted on cheap beer and take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on the sauna, so 10/10 from me."
76561198098220470,Recommended,516750,26357297,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,tcyphert,"After several hours and a few restarts I finally got my car built and running. Needing gas and some money for sweet cow print dash I loaded up the septic truck and headed for town. I arrive at the job and remove the sewage lid and immediately fall into the tank and die..... Save gone since permadeath was on.... Spend the next 30 minutes drinking in the sauna crying my pain away, then getting back to building.  Great game!!!"
76561198129872430,Recommended,516750,26204077,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,k5110,fascinating game
,Recommended,516750,26203062,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,weedwizard420,"I drove my hiace upside down while drunk and listening to radio.EDIT: After 8 hours of gametime I managed to finish my car! It's.. ♥♥♥♥ing horrible, won't even start."
,Recommended,516750,26205494,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Jalava,"Somehow this game reminds me of Postal 2, but it is more like Farming Simulator at the same time. Attention to detail is amazing, even though the controls should be bit better, way too many controls to do stuff that could probably simplified to few different gestures."
,Recommended,516750,26274878,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Nikandros,amazing
,Recommended,516750,26275923,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,zx7,spent hours trying to put engine togetherrealise i'm missing a fan beltget into van to drive to town and buy a fan beltcrash into tree on the waydieragequit
,Recommended,516750,26299199,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,brekiy,the game lets you drink and drive and♥♥♥♥♥♥out the window on other cars
,Recommended,516750,29764570,Posted: 7 February,all,WoodyGee,Still waiting for the multiplayer for this awesome game. It would be favorite game if it would have multiplayer!
76561198092570396,Recommended,516750,28971834,Posted: 3 January,all,50t5,"As an estonian, i can relate. Very, very, VERY realistic representation of our summer activities and typical rural life...Beer, sausages and sauna are the must-haves and everything else is bonus :)"
76561197988855743,Recommended,516750,26226169,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,G2rry,Grab a case of beer and play the s*it out of this game!
76561197987140970,Recommended,516750,26399924,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Zigura,"Finland Survival Simulator par excellance. Sans zombies, but with rusty cars without seatbelts and dangerous sewage wells.Some collision and graphic glitches remain, but overall super fun and unforgiving in a good sense."
76561198411890624,Recommended,516750,34643759,Posted: 31 August,all,Macca Plays,"Awesome fun,  Highly recomended but make sure you read the guides in community or you will be truly lost . :)"
76561198337838260,Recommended,516750,26400917,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jjeff1955,"Very fun, but the game still needs a lot of work. More Cars and a more variety of large engines to build with more detailed parts. This game could become very popular if the quality is increased over time.The Positives.Being able to walk around in your environment and interact with your surroundings.So many possibilities with this game, if the developers would build the code correctly.I know it is a new game, and it takes time and Money to get it perfected,Please do not give up on it as it has great potential!The Negatives.When moving parts over to the Engine they seem to pass straight threw the block as they where a ghost partthey should actually accidentally bang against the block and it can get knocked over or damaged if not careful assembling parts.. There should be hard limits to visual space that you can not just pass parts threw objects so easily.Keep up the great work and updates.Jon J."
,Recommended,516750,29832632,Posted: 10 February,all,chip300RR,i died becouse i hit a tree at 2 kmh with a big muscle car11/10 most realistic experience
76561197983252813,Recommended,516750,29433311,Posted: 22 January,all,Whitmore the Toad Pirate,"I raided on wow this weekend, played placements for my league account, and drove to the store in this game.Driving to the store was more fun and more of a challenge than anything else I've done.This game is cool, you learn alot about cars (or can if you know nothing) and its ♥♥♥♥ing haaaaaaaaaard.  And it gets weird.I drove to the store for oil after putting the front of my car together.  Took the van.  The first time I was going sooo slow, then rolled it and died.Turns out I had the parking brakes still mostly on.2nd time to the store it was sooo much faster.  Hit a tree going about 80km, died at the scene.3rd time took it a little slower.  Made it to the store, bought groceries, got gas, felt like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ Then I accidently hit the key that unpacks the bag while it was in the passenger seat.  Chips and parts flew everywhere. So I figured... what the hell eat some chips. But then i was so thirsty my character literally was going to die... the only option to drink nearby? the cases of beer I bought.  So I downed 5 beers and got in the driver seat swaying.I was like.. this is no problem, my character isnt even that drunk.  And then I started swerving all over the road at about 100km/hr.  I missed a red compact by about 2 inches rolled 4 times and then hit a tree and died. Chips flew everywhere.10/10 so far. This is like the darksouls of car driving."
76561197996971082,Recommended,516750,27961731,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,✏pencils✏,"Some people fantasize about being stuck in a warzone, shooting at people and being shot at. Other people fantasize about living in rural Finland and assembling a car while working as a guy who drains septic tanks and delivers firewood. This game caters to those with the latter fantasy."
76561198169453046,Recommended,516750,34181800,Posted: 11 August,all,KR,If you like building cars and stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥then i would say buy
,Recommended,516750,26200723,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Crewman Six,"even in early access this thing runs well.  Few people have some problems with crashing, but the Dev, ToplessGun, has been super active in forums helping those with issues.   AAA devs could learn to have that kind of support and this is one guy.  I look forward to the progress through Early Access.This is everything i had hoped for and more.  The first time i tried to put the trunk lid on my car and i was so proud i got it to attached, only to open it and have the trunk lid fall off in front of me... i thought i was going to die laughing. On top of that, i'm was at work and playing on my work PC in my cubicle... so i probably look and sound insane."
,Recommended,516750,26252025,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,ich bin ein pferd,"I got into a police chase, whilst drunk and speeding. Hit a little bump in the road and flew into a tree and died.10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26252118,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,lii🅱️ü,6/5 maistuu bensa
,Recommended,516750,26353014,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Fen,"Hands down one of the most innovative and addictive games of the year.As someone who has a little of experience with cars, my first 8 hours went something like this:Hour 1: What the f--- am I supposed to do with all this?Hour 2: I guess these parts go together.Hour 3: *Dead from dehydration*Hour 4: Alright, first I need to go to the store to stock up.Hour 4 - 6: *Lost in the Finnish countryside screaming at trees*Hour 7: Fed, watered and filthy - Alright, let's build a mothertrucking car.Hour 8: Engine turns over once and dies - None the less get the greatest feeling of satisfaction from a game in a long time.10/10 would swear at trees again."
,Recommended,516750,26289298,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ehjo,veri kuud
,Recommended,516750,26351314,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Eagle Eye,"Got drunk on beer and drove a van getting more drunk on beer to a police checkpoint, refuse to pay the fine drank some more then threw a instant death beer bottles at the two police officers killing them. only to be hit by a passing car.10/10 need more sausages from the store"
,Recommended,516750,26289666,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Glassbreaker,ultimate Finland simulator
,Recommended,516750,26252078,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Kherven,"Dont let the silliness fool you, this is a good game.My Summer Car feels like two different games sometimes. On one hand, its silly and outrageous. It has an almost goat simulator vibe. The first few minutes feel like it might be youtube bate, but as you start to poke around and get a feel for the depth of the game, it really becomes something special.If you have any interest in the concept of building and tuning a car into something that is truly yours,  I highly recommend this game. It has roughness, some parts intentional, some not. But overall the game is funny, immersive, and engaging."
76561197960526939,Recommended,516750,26246854,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,=[Qusal]=,"When i was little i used to play a game called street rod, this is the harder version of it mechanical wise! :)This concept has great potential, and will create hours of gameplay i am sure."
,Recommended,516750,26289995,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,M.Muru#27,Best game ever so realistic
76561198003628499,Recommended,516750,26318423,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Gigaparsec,"Absolutely love it!I hope they add more cars that you can work on. Same with more car modifications.Also would like the map to include more places to go to. Maybe another small town?I get it that it's some middle of nowhere place north Finland but would add a lot to the game.Couple things that need fixing-Movement speed is very slow.Either Increase movement speed or add sprint option.-Few major bugs that sometimes can be game breaking but usually not severe.I understand that it's an early access and that's why I'm willing to look past that.This quality of game compared to those of triple A titles is a must have.If you like simulations, cars and getting chased by the police while dui.9/10"
,Recommended,516750,26397211,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Sir Pancelot,"I f*****g hate this game. I have build the car successfully many times, but I never survive the trip to the town to get food, gasolin etc. Difficulty level is nintendo hard. Awesome, 5/5."
76561198111660368,Recommended,516750,29683882,Posted: 3 February,all,Roadman Shaq,"This game is amazing..........if you know how to play it, what confused me is that the game is SO realistic!!! its like life but if you lived in finland in the 90s, you can relate to almost everything! whats very annoying is that your exhaust falls off almost everywhere. so if you are easily frusturated kinda like me, this game might make you cry or maybe even laugh. so in conclusion buy this game if you LOVE SIMULATORS!!!!! probably the most realistic game i have played.Have Fun Being A Finn In The 90s"
76561198029756760,Recommended,516750,27402427,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,thetruekrimer,Every Finnish person should play this game and be very proud of their fatherland.
76561198102863054,Recommended,516750,26325236,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,HENRYda8th187,"Game of the year!If you know nothing about cars GOOD you will know more after playing this and you will respect the mechanics who work on them.. or you may not! You know nothing about drains septictanks human waste! you kinda will do after playing this and you might even respect the people who do the job in real life.. or you may not who cares.. Great simulator of life with tears,laughter,frustration,head sratching and just damrite rage quitting.. Just a masterpeace from finnland Great EA game 10/10 from me.... BUY IT"
76561197995132917,Recommended,516750,26313697,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,avafumi,"This ""game"" is great. I would describe it more as an experience simulator. I never really got into the project car thing, but I am mechanically minded so I'm fairly comfortable with the building process.What I really like as well as the actual project car, is the feeling of being in Finland, during the 90's, building my own prohect car. Ignoring the locals requests for work, because I just want to build the car. Forgetting to eat and drink, only to hastly scoff an uncooked packaged macaroni and cheese meal straight from the fridge. It really feels like my avatar just wants to build this car.When I finally got my car built, even though it wasn't running great, I was proud! Then I tuned it, put the exhaust on and it purred like a kitty! It was quite rewarding, considering all of the mundane day to day stuff you have to do as well. In the process, it took some damage from the fork lift, and me being clumsy. So I drove it into town to get fixed up, then all of my mistakes started showing up, overheating, radiator spewing out water! I'd forgot to top up the oil after tuning the valves and ignored the warning light!It's like Street Rod meets The Incredible Machine (I can't think of another game where you build things up piece by piece at the moment). There are some bits the feel very basic at the moment, but that's to be expected with Early Access. I'm excited to see where it will head from here. I'll update my review once I explore more of the game (Racing, Jobs etc.)So far, it's worth the $15 if you enjoy an experience, and don't mind getting a little frustrated! Just make sure you stock up on food, drive safe and maintain your bodily needs!"
76561198014856539,Recommended,516750,28244541,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Ejdersund,Love the game!But we need and must have multiplayer!!!!!!
,Recommended,516750,26199153,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,El Pedró,"Nice, fun, relaxing and beer."
76561198116891806,Recommended,516750,26401765,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,OldCoco,Totally worth the money. :)
,Recommended,516750,32892735,Posted: 27 June,all,Geralt z Rivii,"This game is a very hilarious game.A lot of stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥you can do like annoying people, hillbillying around, drinking beer/vodka/whatever before 8am etcBut this game can get really fast boring and annoying.The driving around to do jobs or to get food takes ages and is unnecessary difficult caused by the poor steering ootions. It is really annoying that you can't switch High-Low Gearing by pressing a button, you have to right/left-click a switch to do it and often the switch is difficult to reach because the getting in the vehicule is weird and not very consistent.The traveling distance is not to far but with mentioned problems it is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥(and if you play in mortal mode it s even dangerous (I got killed last time when i was driving with the tractor on the way to the shop when suddenly an incomming truck switched into my lane)The traveling would be less boring if the sourroundings were more detailed/ wouldn't be repetative and cheaply done).I guess this game is getting developped by one person, therefore my personal wish to him:Go to Kickstarter get some funds to hire people to improve the gameplay, increase of ingame content, improve graphics (rather one of the last things I'd recommend to do as the gameplay is more important) or find in some forums people who on free will would help you to do so.About more content, those are my personal wishes:-possibility to change the car to others like a lookalike Volvo 240/740, Volvo 240/740 Estate, Saab 96, Trabant, VW Käfer, Opel GT, Fiat 126p, Renault R15/R17, Ford Taunus,...-more/different jobs: maybe like different people asking for the work get done (requirement of adresses where to go) selling own brew to shops or different hillbillys on order, fixing some cars that people brought home or near, helping people to pull out their car from somwhere with the truck/tractor/... , catch some fish and smoke them and sell them to shop/people (delivery), ...-maybe another little town with some more streets and another shop where you can get different things to eat/drink-a map without ""walls"" as limit (maybe except at the outer border, but inside of the map all area should be accessible-different engines, gearboxes (I'd like to repair/modify a gearbox ingame), differentials (again fixing your own open diff, tosen diff, lamella diff or even weld the diffs), brakes, tires and rims (so like in real life only specific sizes fitting on differnt rim size/width)So short said: I hate this ♥♥♥♥ing awesome game - I restared at least 10 times because 9 times mortal death (once I started non mortal but only for the achievement) thats why I haven't spoken about the fixing/building part of the car because I never survived long enough to be able to work on that without the fear of starvation xD I will edit the review as soon I once get to the point to stock of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of food to work on rebuilding the car and getting parts, etc to ""finnish"" this game :D [a petrolhead never finishes his projectcar ;D ]"
,Recommended,516750,26235798,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,cain,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,516750,26247697,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,The Gamebringer,"Found myself in front of a disassembled car.Attempted to assemble parts starting from the engine.Realized I don't know jack about car engineering.Decided to try assembling the bodyparts instead.Realized I still don't know jack about car engineering.Let out a hearty namecall of the God of Thunder and decided to drink beer and heat up the sauna.Realized the sauna takes realistic amounts of time to reach good temperatures (at least 90°C)Took the Toyota Hiace conveniently parked outside for a spin.Found my barn, chopped some wood.Found a bottle of booze.Realized I needed to eat too.Took the Hiace back home and ate my only pack of Rillimakkara.Headed towards town with my Hiace and case almost full of Beer.T-boned some amis while merging onto the highway.Exclaimed that the Spring of Female Genitalia is upon us, extended my middle finger towards the said amis and tried to urinate out of the door.Drank a few beers too much.Tried to turn off the highway towards a local convenience store, accomplished a trait of car tipping.Went on a swearing spree and wondered why there was no police around.Used my Finnish superhuman pushing powers to make the Toyota do a somersault with half twist onto it's wheels.Entered the local convenience store, a man named Teimo greeted me.I nonchalantly explained to him that I was tired of watching his face and told him that he was one of ""Vittun Dorka"" -kind.Teimo complimented my finger.I bought several cases of beer and every food item available, the grand total being nearly two thousand marks.Gambled every last penny on Markka-lama, lost, exclaimed a very stern plead of help to God several times.Packed my bought goods into my shiny blue van, and took off.I tried to make haste for no apparent reason through a police checkpoint, ran over a policeman.Ignored the police and turned around, as I was going the opposite way I was supposed to go.I immediately found myself in a deep ditch.Couldn't succeed in my superhuman attempts of moving the van back to it's tires.Realized the police were still behind me.Realized I could just ignore the ticket.Realized my trunk was still open and my cases of beer were in a neat line behind the van and the shopping bag in a hopefully better place.Another swearing spree ensued, drank all the alcoholic beverages I could find while excreting urine at the same time.Walked back to the store, knockout-punched a window.Teimo told me I am a child, and I can't buy anything unless I pay for the repairs of said window.I politely told him to enter the netherrealm, as he was the devil himself.I leave the store, found a wooden outhouse, a common sight in this country.Decided to dump my sorrows in sawdust.Realized my Water Closet-session took up several hours, as it was now midnight.I was fatigued and hungry.Then I died on the spot, got a newspaper article of myself and went into the afterlife.There I played a game originating from my homecountry itself called My Summer Car.I thought it was really good, almost godlike, nicely captivating the 1995-era of Finland after the hockey championship (probably) and the autistical nature of the game's mechanics was absolutely adoring.After a few moments, realized that this was merely another loop in this rat race.I still haven't worked out how the sauna works.5/7, perfect score."
76561198080213360,Recommended,516750,26325693,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Doggo,Game is fun! Took me 5 F***ING HOURS to build my ride(Mainly cuz I know nothing about building one). Got it to start. Drove it a few feet. Car turns off immidiately. *wants to kill myself*         10/10 would try to build again.
76561198053845157,Recommended,516750,28651784,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Whacked Eddie,10/10
,Recommended,516750,31913349,Posted: 22 May,all,xXx_PvP-GOD_FidgetSpinner_xXx,"This game is awesome. After you have built Satsuma, it's a relief. You will be frustrated 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26427947,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wh0pp3r,"Played for hours, build Eng then died and couldnt make it to store to get food cuz van was missing. Raqe Quit. Started over, build car suspension. damaged car, Rage Quit.  Really fun game, fustrating at times but would be sick if it had multilplayer. As long as the developers keep working on it, it will be a great game."
,Recommended,516750,26375887,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Retardi Ässä,"In this finnish life simulator you need to be workman and do ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jobs in peräjärvi area. You must remember to eat and drink beer because it's summer 95. Put a c-tape on your radio and listen scatman john and drive to market and buy beer and sausages. And then there is satsuma (Datsun). Build it and drive it like you hate it. Be your own life god and go to sauna and drive scania, but watch out for ""kossu"". It's very finnish drink. You have been warned. G8 game R8 it 6/5. Waiting updates and dlc."
,Recommended,516750,26416814,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bejo,"Went in expecting autism car building simulator, got comfy finnish life in summer simulator with survival and car building instead.Would live in finland/10Oh and if you got scared because of the early access tag, don't worry, the game is pretty much complete, the dev just tweaks, optimize and add some more feature in future updates. You should check the dev website for more info about future possible feature"
,Recommended,516750,26434074,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Hartze,"Realistic car building in the finnish summer. Mosquitos are as annoying as always.I didnt know this much about cars but now I do, definitely a educational game but fun!Took me 40 hours to get the engine running. Cant wait for new content. :D"
76561198030374060,Recommended,516750,34092901,Posted: 7 August,all,Nukealope,"I had a summer car once.  It was about as frustrating as this.  And it was just as awesome when I got it running right.This is probably the most realistic Finnish teenage summer simulator ever.  Of course, I have no idea what a Finnish teenager does in the summer, but this seems about right.Don't worry if you're not a gear head.  Well, actually, it would probably help immensely if you can rebuild a Datsun 100 in your sleep, but you'll figure it all out eventually with some guides to help you along.  It's frustrating, but worth it.  Just installing the engine into the car for the first time was a thing of beauty.  Course, mine ran for about five minutes before exploding, but you'll get it right eventually.I recommend this game to Japanese mechanics and Finnish teenagers.  Everyone else, you're on your own.  But it has sucked 100 hours out of me so far, and counting."
,Recommended,516750,26199979,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Jynkky,It's just awesome
76561198042306265,Recommended,516750,26228420,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Däyum,"Ive spent about 8 hours in this game and ive loved it so far, 6 of those hours were spent building a car and failing miserably.Pro'sBeautiful interior designGood mechanics for a Unity 5 GameLife Simulator (you dont see them very often)Con'sNo tutorialNo easy modeForce Feedback crashes game (I use a Logitech MOMO wheel)What they should add:Easy ModeMore AI TrafficMore customisation to carsmore drivable carsMore cop patrolsGTA styled wanted system.Junkyard (salvage parts from broken cars)Sprint Button.imo 7/10.just a note to developer:add in a thing where the car parts show a white transparent object to show where specific parts go."
,Recommended,516750,26416917,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dlige99,">Wake up>Finds beer, drinks beer>Goes outside, sees van>Spend about 15 minutes trying to figure out how to drive>Forgot to turn on ignition>Turns on ignition>Van still won't move>Why>Looks up how to drive a van on google>Forgot to turn off handbrake>Starts driving to store>Immediately crashes into tree, dies, reloads save>Drives to store again>Van flips>Punches out windshield>Tries to flip van using my Finnish strength>Can't flip van>Reloads save>Finally gets to store after about 4 hours of pain and suffering>Store is closed>Tries to wait out the night with case of beer>Ran out of beer after 4 minutes>Finds bar>Proceeds to drink sorrows away>Decide to try to drive van back home>Gas almost empty>Store still closed so I can't get gas>Pees in gas tank>Fought a tree using my van going 120 kilometers>dies10/10 would fight a tree again"
,Recommended,516750,26394924,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,doctahzeet,"I refunded this one a day or two ago, and i decided to buy it back and give it another shot. Playing the game a bit more seriously helped it be more fun, and eventually, after re-mapping the controls, it felt a lot better. I'd say give it a shot, maybe a week or so should be good enough. I'd rate it 8/10, just for realism when you have to build the car."
,Recommended,516750,26332352,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Yogi,"- Got up- Drank two beers-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the kitchen table- Drank two more beers- Took my beer case and got out of the house- F****** mosquito- Got into van- Punched the windshiled out- Drove around like an idiot- Drank more beer- Got back home- Played My Summer Car, which was fun too10/10 would wake up again"
,Recommended,516750,26215920,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Camper,"This game is an extremely accurate simulation of mid 90's Finnish countryside life. I absolutely love it, definitely one of the best games I've ever played!"
,Recommended,516750,26216015,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Eeko,The only racing sim which actually implements the lethality of dangerous driving!
76561198083705254,Recommended,516750,30871900,Posted: 1 April,all,✌Zerks✌,Needs CO-OP
,Recommended,516750,26410189,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,"Bender, Your Lovable Dictator",>Digging through the ditches>burning through the witches>Slamming into trees with my>Satsuma
,Recommended,516750,31343806,Posted: 24 April,all,EighteenCharacters,"it's 5.30pm on sunday night irli buy this gameit's 5.32pm on sunday night irli put my graphics to ""better"" thx to my **** buildit's 5.34pm on sunday night irli enter the world of MSCit's 5.35pm on sunday night irli hop on a mopedit's 5.35pm and 24 seconds on sunday night irli hit a tree and dieI LOVE THIS GAME10/10 WOULD BUY AGAIN"
,Recommended,516750,26244282,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sampozki,GOTY 2016 5/5 would pay/play again
01189998819991197,Recommended,516750,26618563,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,The Fantastic λctionwill65,"My Summer Car... It's a weird game if I'm honest.I've brought 3 of these kinda ""Build And Upgrade Your Car"" kind of games, Jalopy, Some game that looks like it's from 2005 (Might actually be idk) and this.Jalopy was boring, The 2005 game was just pretty bleh but this.. This is something interesting.Your aim is to build a car, All the parts are around the garage and your tools, you can also do jobs like delivering firewood and sewage things. The tutorial didn't tell me anything about this and how it works, infact there is NO tutorial.I'd like to point out I've only fitted the dashboard and the seats at this time (5.4 hours when reviewed) and for the rest of the time, I've just been messing around.This game has ""Needs"" such as Filth, Hunger, Thirst and Urine. This game is like the sims but better. What I like about this game is that you can just do what you want, you CAN build a car, but if you don't want to you can just do rally cross in a diesel van, go to the pub, get distracted by some interesting thing you've found on the side of the road and urinate on the elderly.I like this game very much. It's ""Early Access"" so this does mean it's not perfect (No tutorial for a start) however, they're going to be adding onto a solid, very enjoyable game.My only downside I give about this game is the price, £10 seems a bit too much, but it's acceptable."
76561197988653951,Recommended,516750,26311780,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Murphy MacManus,"This is one of the most fun games i've ever played, it's got a sandbox feel to it,and everytime you hit the road theres a good chance of crashing orgetting overtaken and a npc causing a horrible crashthe vehicles sound very accurate,the game depicts the actual feeling of driving very well,cars handle and shift realisticallythere are more things they could also addfor a just a few ideas,mod support or workshopmore jobsthe ability to pop the hood and work on all vehiclesseperate drop in engines and mods for the engines,welding on frame damage, suspension work,smoking cigarettes and zippo lighters- 6 packs of canned beer,cooking,laundry,decorating your house and buying a new house or storage facilityor opening a place of business- mechanic shopmore storesfarming, tractor and trailer dealershipscar dealerships,pickup trucks and more v8 cars,vehicle auctionsguns and animals/ hunting - gun storea large city, and freeway,the ability to roll the windows downmore problems with vehicles. no vehicle is more reliable then the next, they all break downbut as it stands this game is quickly shaping up to be my favorite,i hope the developers are able to finish it someday, because this is one of the only games i truly want to see out of early access"
,Recommended,516750,26229126,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Goldstein,I got run over and killed by a finnish jonne driving a souped up hatchback while i was trying to read the road sign.11/10
,Recommended,516750,26229301,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Haddedam,"Insanely detailed driving simulation. Good representation of sauna. Great humor. Mosquitos. Cheap beer. Fun driving.Needs more content but even right now there's way more content than in many good ""early access"" games."
76561198040327490,Recommended,516750,30052492,Posted: 19 February,all,Flavour Town Felon,♥♥♥♥♥♥ is a graphical option
,Recommended,516750,28146079,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Mrmenshow!,Realistic Life Simulator with the optional task to build a car!
76561198359630266,Recommended,516750,30434535,Posted: 10 March,all,epiyolo500,I honestly really like this game because I watch SpierstheamazingHD and he introduced me into My Summer CarI LIKE IT
76561198008537069,Recommended,516750,31437824,Posted: 29 April,all,KATSUO,10/10 will play another 80 hours in a few weeks from now
,Recommended,516750,28074394,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,[GWE]Stevenaramos,This is an good game!
,Recommended,516750,32890794,Posted: 27 June,all,Karma,VOI VITTUN
76561198060027664,Recommended,516750,30324078,Posted: 4 March,all,MOTA BOY,10/10 Most realistic game I have ever played and probably my favorite game. NOCK YOU OUT DAWG!!
,Recommended,516750,28259883,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,RobOnPc,"-Runs game-see's car and van-grabs van with a beer case-Drinks and drives too buy sausages in the shop-Get's too the shop and buys gas and sausage with fanbelt, etc.-drives home-builds car-starts car and faps-takes a ride next day and die over some stupid ♥♥♥♥ing drunk♥♥♥♥♥♥moron idiot stupid green car that drives so fast even keemstar can't handle it into me, making my head and other crap falling out of the car. And my permadeath.So in conclusion, i totally love this game and have soon 100 hours in this over the fun. So i suggest you buying it and follow up on the updates. and yes you can pee and give the finger to ppl."
76561198086590114,Recommended,516750,30603881,Posted: 18 March,all,20Nick00,This game is phenominal. I played for hours and loved every second!
,Recommended,516750,30689058,Posted: 23 March,all,I Should Kill Myself,"New game 1: I ate the sausages immediately and didn't realize I needed fan belt until I was hungry again. On the way to store, I flipped the van and starved on the side of the road within 20 min of starting.New game 2: I left the house for the store immediately, and crashed the van into a tree and died (I'm a pus so I respawned). I took the gas truck from nearby and made it to the store but it was night. Didn't know there was a bed in the truck so I died from thirst outside the store within 30 min of starting.New game 3: I made it to the store and bought groceries. On the way home, I flipped the van. I got bag from the back and started walking home. I got hit by a car and died within 20 min of starting.New game 4: I got to the store and saved right after I bought groceries. When I loaded the save, the bag disappeared and my groceries were everywhere. I drove home like that and finally made it. I realized my fan belt was lost when I got home.New game 5: on the way to store, I got a $700 ticket for going 60 in a 100. I got to store and bought groceries. On the way home I got a $700 ticket for going 40 in a 100. I made it home with almost no money left, but I got the mf fan belt.10/10 would wreck 2 vans, pay 2 ""speeding"" tickets, and die 3 times again.And yes, all of my in-game hours were spent trying to survive shopping."
,Recommended,516750,30768110,Posted: 27 March,all,Kitty The Cat,"Funny and enjoyable, Though i would not recomend this to people who have 0 knowlage about cars, There are alot of tings to do when not fixing with the satsuma, for example riding your boat, suck sewage, sauna, go to the bar, gamble, break in to the shop, kill the green guy, gill the yellow car guy, brew kilju and get hit by the train (not recomended as mortal), I have enjoyed every hour so far and im sure it will get better in the future."
,Recommended,516750,26867033,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lukeman,An accurate simulation of life in 90s rural Finland.
,Recommended,516750,29225903,Posted: 13 January,all,Waver,"Brilliantly clever, absolutely Finnish. Sauna, kalja, pɐrkɐlɐ!!"
76561198182947218,Recommended,516750,30603144,Posted: 18 March,all,jojocool654,I would like some cheat codes for this game i love my summer car but i will love it more with cheat codes like changing the time of day to anytime and some fast travel like to the store or home just please add this for me
76561198090372606,Recommended,516750,28355418,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,jensenskates,"This game. Imagin being born in a cave full of people speaking languages you dont understand and than building your own empire that means so much to you but is constantly at stake and can be lost any day... it takes you 30 hrs in game to build this mfk empire but once its there its like nothing you have ever experienced before. it brings life into your soul. in my summer car this empire directly relates to your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car you start with in addition to some beer and sausage. but the empires not built yet. You, You where born to build this empire. You.. You where born to build your summer car. 35 hrs in your mobbing to the store in your disgusting looking car but it doesent matter because its YOUR disgusting car. YOU built this car everything is amazing. you pull the handbreak in a corner to feel the power of this bad boy on the exceleration on the way out of the corner. you hit a tree going backwards at 70kph your fuel tank instantly explodes sending you flying out the window sheild at 60kph with your screen covered in blood. your empire is gone. 35hrs gg. 13/10 would ♥♥♥♥ over again."
,Recommended,516750,26955392,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,puddi22,Realistic simulator of a life every Finn dreams of not having.
,Recommended,516750,26285448,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sneeki Breeki Iv Dumbass,"im using a wheel for this game, and i gotta say, i love going way too fast into a tree and having to rebuild my feckin car again. Yes, i actually do love it. only thing i reckon this game could use is varied engines and the like. I want mah turbocharged V8 satsuma with sick rims and a phat spoiler (inner wog engaged)"
,Recommended,516750,26235859,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[MÖFÖ] S U C C,Best game
,Recommended,516750,28959530,Posted: 2 January,all,Seoski Pas,helvetti
,Recommended,516750,26788777,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BulletBeard,Watch any gameplay video. Like what you see? Buy it. Dont like what you see? Move along.
76561198039343296,Recommended,516750,26322639,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Blueberry Rally Team,"-Drives for 20 min to get to store-gets gas, car parts, and food-drives 20 min home-watch tv and drink a beer for 5 min-work on car, takes 8 hours or so-huge storm rolls in-get in teh car and turn over key for first time-it starts! i cant wait to earn money and upgrade my car!-phone rings, a job to make money?-power is flickering, answers phone-character screams and newspaper pops on screen-""young man dies from heart attack""10/10 would get electric shooted from **** phone againGOTY"
,Recommended,516750,26406671,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Subintro,Drove for 30 minutes to find a hidden underground bunker behind this Fins house.Turns out it was a sewer pipe and I drowned jumping down to find the secrets.
76561198140739985,Recommended,516750,26236291,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Mikloster,Great game
76561198028125930,Recommended,516750,26280332,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,slackerforhire,"I got into the game and started building the engine for the car right away. I got pretty far into it and I realized I really needed to drink somthing. Obviously I chugged a bunch of beers and I was good, for a while. More time passed and I needed a few more beers and food, but I realized I had been going for so long I was about out of beer and I just ate my only food. So I drank the last four beers and got into my van to go to the store. As I was driving down the road, I suddenly realized that I really needed to pee, but the sun was going down and I didnt want to stop, so I was just gonna go in my van. While I was trying to figure out how to pee in there, I accidently punched out my windshield (Dont ask). A car then started driving right at me from the other direction and I barely was able to avoid it with my insane reflexes, and once I was able to just relax and drive again, I finally let it all out and was peeing out the windshield, but I didn't want the wind to blow it back at me, so I turned and opened the door to pee out that way. The road seemed to be pretty straight anyways so I wasnt too worried. When I was done I closed the door and looked back towards the road, and saw it has a hard left turn, and alas, I didn't make it. I went flying off the road and started rolling down the hillside, but somehow when everything stopped spinning, I was still breathing. So I climbed out the windshield that I had broken out, and started walking. I figured I was somewhat close to town so I might as well go see if I can finally get some food and drinks. As I was walking it turned out the town was alot further than I originally thought. As I walked there, I got too thirsty, and soon I was laying on the side of the road, dehydrated, and dead. Not even mad about the permadeath. Don't drink and drive kids."
,Recommended,516750,26278921,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dr. Strangelove,"I'm currently trying to cure alcoholism by building a car over the summer in finland while knowing nothing about building cars. Sure I could try to build a car through trial and error or I could grab my crate of beer, toss it in the passenger seat of my van and drive as fast as I can down terrifyingly narrow country roads while chugging beers, hoping I make it to the petrol station before I either roll my car into a ditch or run out of beer. If I do make it to the petrol station then I can buy every crate of beer in the shop and a car belt thingy for the car I'm totally gonna learn how to build eventually. Also sausages. I then yell profanities at the cashier while paying and flip off every human I encounter and if I need to take a leak no worries I can just pull over at the nearest house and♥♥♥♥♥♥in my neighbours beer.Eventually when I find my home again I will boot up this game, give it a go and write a review about it."
76561198062448284,Recommended,516750,26236305,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Joppe,5/5 ja viiskauttaviis
,Recommended,516750,28235802,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TheVampireBat,"Well, everything was going cushty... had a nice sum of money in the bank.. then whack, fell down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and died. Lost it all.10.10, would die due to♥♥♥♥♥♥again. Lovely jubbly."
76561198001466397,Recommended,516750,30415342,Posted: 9 March,all,punk0r1f1c,I would recommend this game to my friends because they all like very technical realistic games. I wouldn't suggest it to a casual gamer though as it is very hard to play.I was amazed by how in depth some of the game mechanics are. I put a lot of hours into this and really started getting the hang of where everything was at and how everything worked.Then i got ran off the highway by someone passing a truck and crashed into a tree and died. The permadeath really really sucks.I'll probably pick it up again after a while but losing all that progress kind of turned me off for a while.
76561198123494716,Recommended,516750,29134327,Posted: 8 January,all,Trawlamon,"Got the car fully assembled. Needed gas. Took van to get gas. Hit head on by a car passing another car as i peaked a hill. So much for the last 6 hours. I should have turned off permadeath :(As far as the review, this game is original, challenging, and fun. Even with the last 6 hours completely lost, they still dont feel wasted. I probably wouldnt buy this game if you get mad easily though.."
,Recommended,516750,26904396,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Freelanzer,"This game is the wonderful evolution of car building games like the classic MS-DOS Street Rod games. As well as more recent games like Jalopy.What really sells this game is how thorough the parodied steretype and humour is in the game, down to the fact that the Game Over screen is a local newspaper with a small article about your death set some Finnish hitlist tune.While I didn't play with a wheel, I greatly appreciate the developer implementing support for it.ProsExcellent humour.Thorough and complex car building mechanics.Great driving physics.The ability to use a wheel for the game.Good variety of things to do in the game even after the car is built.Immersive as everything in the world is proper Finnish.The ability to use permadeath.ConsModels, textures, UVs and animations of NPCs.Low music variety on the radio.No borderless fullscreen.No audio options in-game.Lots of ""pixel hunting"" with cursor to find hotspots.Suggestions for the devsNow, while I know not all devs like suggestions from players as they themselves probably have a backlog of things they'd love to implement but haven't had the time yet. Here's a couple things I came across which I thought whould not only be possible within the scope of the game but also fit the playstyle.Add an alpha/unstable branch to the Steam depot which players can select themselves to help test or try out a weekly build. I might crash instantly, it might bug out like crazy, or it might show off the bleeding edge of what's to come. But this way, the people enabling it, knows what they're in for, and hence the devs don't have to worry about having a buggy build public.Steam Workshop for carskins, garage flags possibly even playermade car parts (could have a page in the carpart catalog with the option to have 5 different player-made carparts enabled in the game, could be purely cosmetic).Add the ability to use an internetradio url for the radio.Add the ability to homebrew Sima and Kilju.Fishing and foraging blueberries.More NPCs around houses and farms.Seasonal events like Walpurgis Night for instance.Optimizing a couple colision models and UVs. :)"
,Recommended,516750,26232280,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Hazeus MäFä-JoNNe,Great realistic game :D
76561198320672568,Recommended,516750,26406200,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Vake,Very good
,Recommended,516750,26763679,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Fabiolus,"Fun, relaxing, challenging and funny....what else can you ask for?Build a car from scratch by putting numerous parts together making sure to screw every bolt to minimize leakage or issues on your first start. Tune your car, buy performance parts and go on rally to make more money.It is survival since you will require completing task to earn money to buy car parts, food, fuel.Im impressed the game is quite fun."
,Recommended,516750,26720686,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Gary the Canadian Tire Guy,"*Spends 20 minutes driving to the store, Dies of thirst en-route*Remember kids, always drink and drive"
76561198067044926,Recommended,516750,26757409,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,kiddfunkadelic,"TL;DR: My Summer Car strikes the perfect balance of being a serious game, while not taking itself too seriously.Drove van into ditch at too high of speed....died.Drove tractor to crash site to recover and tow back van...drive 50 meters and flip both tractor and van.... die of thirst walking back homeAttempt to empty neighbours septic well to make cash... Fall in well and drown in sewageDrive septic truck to town to gather food and supplies.... fan belt falls out of side door, because not properly locked.. Spend 3 hours (IRL) looking for missing part, and die 3 times of dehydration.Stopped at police checkpoint to take breathalyzer test...hit by passing car and die of blunt trauma.Car chassis fell off of jacks AGAIN.....swore at it in finnish and gave it the finger..... ate sausages, drank beer, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the lake.Would die again 10/10Did I mention yet that this game is primarily a highly detailed car building simulator?Along with being the most detailed car building simulator I have ever seen, it is also one of the most unforgiving games I have ever played. Leaving the comfort of your quaint home in the Finnish countryside is to invite all manner of death into your life, however you will have to do this regularly to make money, and to simply avoid starving to death.Never before has a game encouraged you to drive sensibly and safely, because to do otherwise will almost certainly get you into a situation that will be very difficult to recover from, or worse...you will die.My summer car is one of the most irreverent and intriguing games I have ever played. It has so much personality and completely owns the time period and setting it is set in. On the one hand, it is an extremely detailed and unforgiving simulation, but on the other hand I have dedicated buttons for swearing, giving the finger, and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I regularly drive around with cases of beer in my vehicles because it's the only practical mobile source of hydration, but to drink them is to risk police fines, or crashing into a ditch into which I will never get out. My Summer Car strikes the perfect balance of being a serious game, while not taking itself too seriously.Disclaimer: This game is not for the faint of heart. Be prepared to have to start the game over from scratch (even with permadeath turned off). This game is extremely unforgiving. You will make mistakes that you will not be able to recover from. And the car building is frankly, ridiculously detailed."
76561198277141109,Recommended,516750,30144570,Posted: 24 February,all,BrokenCrate|Ec0n 1,"Pretty good till I blew my connecting rod out of the block, 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,30516818,Posted: 14 March,all,-b over 2 a,"The most Finnish game out there, mainly because it's the only Finnish game out there."
,Recommended,516750,30499765,Posted: 13 March,all,Corolla,"My Summer Car is a simulation of Finland during the 90's. The game ishighlycustomizable, you can create your own skin for the car, change the flag in the garage to whatever you please, set your driver's licence photo, change the posters in your room, install your own music, install mods such as saves or models, paint your vehicle, buy parts and upgrades for your vehicle such as spoilers or new tires, and much more.You also have to build an engine in order to drive your ""summer car""."
76561198234573176,Recommended,516750,26639701,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Ottobon,"If you're car person and you have respect for humorously made games by small groups/individuals that are deeper then they appear on their meme-like surface then i totally recommend this game.  I would recommend owning some sort of controller (gamepad is fine) to drive the vehicles though, its easy enough to die in this game as is before you add jerky keyboard controls into the equation.  Expect to need to look up a few guides as this game does not tell you what your supposed to do neither does it intend to explain it either, thats one of its many charms though.If you haven't then look up the official website, it helps explain the game better then any review can."
76561198058217150,Recommended,516750,30430611,Posted: 10 March,all,mvanderveeke,10/10
76561198306115052,Recommended,516750,30620094,Posted: 19 March,all,meissen21,"MY SUMMER CAR is a  early access game ,survival,car building,open world simulator that takes place in the 90s in Finland. It allows you to use your mind and learn from your mistakes,it also shows details of a real v4 engine,it also allows you to drink,beer,vodka,coffee,and many more items ,you also can brew kilju,with sugar and yeast. i recommend this game to 10yrs and over!"
,Recommended,516750,30603029,Posted: 18 March,all,SaltyMantra,"Requires you to put some effort in to the game, but trust me you will gain so much enjoyment from this game you will wonder why you hesitated to try it."
76561198272792294,Recommended,516750,30771704,Posted: 27 March,all,ZekerBerend,The perfect combination of drinking beer and driving too fast
,Recommended,516750,29405029,Posted: 21 January,all,Toast_Schoko,We are ready for MY SUMMER CAR feelsgoodman We are ready for MY SUMMER CAR feelsgoodman We are ready for MY SUMMER CAR feelsgoodman We are ready for MY SUMMER CAR feelsgoodman We are ready for MY SUMMER CAR feelsgoodman We are ready for MY SUMMER CAR feelsgoodman We are ready for MY SUMMER CAR feelsgoodman We are ready for MY SUMMER CAR feelsgoodman We are ready for MY SUMMER CAR feelsgoodman
76561198119295743,Recommended,516750,29406711,Posted: 21 January,all,Drew03,THIS GAME IS GREAT. if you have run out of things to play this will have you playing for a long time its realy realistic and super fun *if your not short tempered*.    the only thing that would be better is if they made DLC where you could build a new engine like a v8 or sumpthing
76561198071405956,Recommended,516750,29813890,Posted: 9 February,all,Yung cash register,"Spend 4 hours building a car, then drown in a septic tank.10/10"
,Recommended,516750,28825168,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Johnny,"Many frustrating hours first, many bottles of beer consumed (irl and in game). Finally have my car built and get it driveable. Go to mechanic to get wheels aligned and engine adjusted. On the way home drive bit too fast and car spins, nothing special but when driving reverse slower than walking speed and hit a tree, I die and windshield, bootlid and rear bumper pops off and when returning to the car it didnt even start, the feeling was great. Another trip to the mechanic!Much more to explore in the game still and have feeling that there will be more and more content in future. Few bugs here and there but if you like cars you need to learn to live with setbacks in real life also."
76561198082406241,Recommended,516750,29254012,Posted: 14 January,all,Bl0dsvept,Awesome game! I'm hooked. Came to mind of making this into multiplayer would be awesome to get your friend there workin with the car drinkin beer and stuff :D anyways great game guys keep up the work!!
,Recommended,516750,29265032,Posted: 14 January,all,Mitch8128,"got this game coz it looked like it was going to make me laughfirst experiance=*wake up, explore house*find beer, drink beer, (didnt do much)*fixing car all day,*phone rings, (drop off flatbed full of wood)*gets hungry, eat sosig,*figures out how to drive van,*find an axe and some more booze,*drink that♥♥♥♥♥♥*got drunk as ♥♥♥♥,*spend next 15 mins trying to cut wood while wasted,*feel sick irl coz im so drunk in game,♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere,* save and quit, need to rest.9/10♥♥♥♥♥♥♥awesome!"
76561198176064397,Recommended,516750,29273620,Posted: 15 January,all,Suluranit,Entertaining and educational - sometimes in the hard way. A save-the-game-anytime-anywhere would be a good additional function.
,Recommended,516750,27709958,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BioRev,The best Early Access game for 2016 by far!
,Recommended,516750,26522971,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Dergle,Drove all the way to the firewood customer in my tractor just to discover I forgot to hook the flatbed.V I T T U10/10
76561198283841109,Recommended,516750,26397856,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,wozza_p,you guys need to add a map so you can find your way back home and make it online so you can play with your mate
,Recommended,516750,26251388,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,john ッ,"got stuck in the middle of nowhere with 2 beer cases, decided to drink both cases until there was no beer left. passed out and appeared at the dock near my housegreat game"
,Recommended,516750,26255004,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Phemnem,The greatest car game of all time. Hands down.
,Recommended,516750,29279481,Posted: 15 January,all,bullitbob,A very Very hard and unforgiving game i honestly LOVE! It will drive you mad it will make you want to rip your hard drive out and burn it but!!!! When you learn from your mistakes and at last get your car running its the best feeling you can get. Please keep updating it! Hell if it got to a decent level of Polish I MITE buy DLC for it! Kepp up the good work!
76561198150761599,Recommended,516750,29416513,Posted: 22 January,all,WhatDidTheSurveySay?,"Before reading this review I would like to say that this game is not for everyone.My summer car is a different game, it's not the best looking game and it's vey challenging it's not a game that you can beat in one sitting.I was boried at first honestly, trying to put together the engine and I finnaly got it together just to realize then engine didn't run.I started over and built the engine again still wouldn't start so I looked it up and figured it out!my spark plugs were not screwed in. I screwed them in and started the car, thats when the game really started to shine for me.Now the next problem reared it's ugly head, I reversed out of the drive way and I went to hit the brakes and they didn't work so I pulled the handbrake and stopped it took me and 3 days in real life before I found out where the missing screws where which was tedious but when my brakes finnaly worked it was a amazing feeling of accomplishment.now I drove my car to the city and passed the inspection but on the way there my coolent was leaking so I had to crawl there later I found that a engine bolt was loss and oil was leaking causing the engine to overheat when I fixed that I could go very fast without overheating.but my steering was messed up so I drove it to loppe to have it fixed and now I had a well working car.This is as far as I have gotten but it been very fun, yes the jobs are tedious and the roads are dangerous but the game is very rewarding and that is why I recommend this game."
76561198054555624,Recommended,516750,29422836,Posted: 22 January,all,approximatezero,"ha.. this is probably the only game where you drive to the shops, buy some groceries (and beer). and on the way back get♥♥♥♥♥♥drunk and speed on the road only to flip the car and stumble back to your house with a casket of beer and asking for a ride... although the main mechanics are there, the graphics should be pumped up (at least a little). but other than that the car building is amazing and the actual driving is really fun... you can also♥♥♥♥♥♥on people which is pretty cool... 11/10"
,Recommended,516750,29563116,Posted: 29 January,all,hali1983,"Hi! I really love the game. I just missing a motorbike, from the game.Or, i can imagine a biker version of this. Anyway, good job guys."
76561198103814335,Recommended,516750,28149651,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Gavin,"Genuinely, truly, the best game I've ever played and has the potential to be the best game ever created. Don't let the graphics, strange dialect or severe alcoholism fool you, this is a hardcore simulation game that doesn't mess around. If YOU screw up, then YOU will pay the price, and that's a beautiful thing. Not only will you yell a lot, you will probably die a lot. Enjoy this amazing specemin of a game."
76561198259395365,Recommended,516750,28225423,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,woogie223,"This game is one or the hardest most challenging car games ever created.  But it is also the most fun, it is so involved and immersive you can play it for hours and only make it to the shop."
76561197996610043,Recommended,516750,26676619,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Grimm Nam rooD,"Loving this game so far, you have the freedom to build a car or go causing mayhem on the roads by leaving car parts on the road...9/10Looking forward to more content in the future ;)"
76561198076172299,Recommended,516750,29863318,Posted: 11 February,all,Reaper,This game is amazing my only request is to make it multiplayer and it may have alot more people playing it
76561197980967336,Recommended,516750,32961709,Posted: 28 June,all,Brunwulf,Super fun game to mess around in with lots of humor and active dev.
76561197969333702,Recommended,516750,32892549,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr Fisk,"- Took the truck to empty sewage well- Truck ran out of gas 100 meters from gas station- Took the bus home from gas station since gas station did not have jerry cans...- Walked 4km since bus didn't stop anywhere near home...- Threw jerry can into van- Drove van towards gas station- Crashed van after missing a turn- Died10/10 would die in car crash againLove this game and look forward to any updates, and money well spent."
76561198003254522,Recommended,516750,28027451,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sir Buttnuggets,"Drink beer, get drunk, try to build a car, break it, take a♥♥♥♥♥♥and repeat. This game advertises itself as a Finnish Simulator but being from the North American rural area, I can relate.So let's get on with the review. First thing you'll learn in this game is how to curse in Finnish, there aren't that many variations but a quick look online and you'll see that the basics are there. The game is a nice mix of Goat Simulator (it doesn't take itself seriously) and Car Mechanic Simr. You'll have to manage ressources such as money, hunger, thirst, energy, hygiene and urine. The goal as the title mentions is for you to fix up a beater and run races with it. For that, you'll need money, which comes by performing jobs for the locals. This money is then spent on car parts, food and alcohol ( a looooooot of it). In the first 15 minutes of gameplay, I had gotten myself so hammered that I ended crashing my van and killing myself in the process. There is a bunch of ways to die and found myself trying to be creative about it. This game is fun drunk and with a friend to laugh with.However, despite having a decent selection of cars that you can fix (once you've completed your first one), the game will quickly become repetitive. Despite having a good laugh as your character insults, drunk heckles, destroys, dies and all, the game feels a bit empty. There aren't many npcs to interact with and their interactions are very limited. You'll find a radio in your vehicles but the content is almost non-existant so you'll find yourself using your own music just to have something else to listen to other than those damn musquitoes.In all, this game is slow paced as sims usually are. The first few hours will revolve laughing at drunk driving and creative ways of killing yourself. Before you realized it, you'll be assembling a car and looking for ways to improve it. It's strangely addictive but I wish there was more to this game. I recommend it and hopefully by the time you get it, there will be mods."
,Recommended,516750,32970405,Posted: 28 June,all,Snowdude,"Well this is not a average game you will play, this is something real different.The controls are a real pain and wonky as F**k.The sounds are repetitive and annoying.The graphics are not really that fascinating (look at the faces of ppl lol)The physics??????????? Don't get me started about that..The A.I. is probably the most stupid of all A.I. i've ever seen...The funfactor is very high somehow it has nice kind of humor and the satisfaction when you FINNISH your car is overwhelming. And that's why this game is so good.Conclusion: This game will absolute F**k you and annoy the living s**t out of you, but you also will have a lot of fun and learn some nice Finnish swear words and in the end it's gonna be worth it trust me.10/10 V*ttu dorka"
76561198177354833,Recommended,516750,33089223,Posted: 1 July,all,FunGuh,Better hit registeration than counter strike
76561198055269808,Recommended,516750,26323146,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sosig,Start game.Get money by doing some jobs.Get in the boat because you need the daily dosage of sausages and microwave pizzas.Go inside the store.Buy the store empty.Carry 500 different groceries into your boat.Boat wont start until the 50th pull.Get home.Start assembling car.Thinking about assembling order with brother for 5 hours.Built the car w/ brother in 6 hours.Drive the car to Teimon kauppa to refuel.Crash with a Fiat 127.Die.Get mad.Phone rings in the middle of the night during a thunderstorm.Answer phone.Get scared the S**T out of yourself because you didn't know thunder can make phones ring and die because old phones + thundery weather = death.Get trauma of the phone accident.Never want to answer the phone again.Phone is the only source for jobs.Get poor.Steal fuel from Teimo.Teimo is ANGERY.Teimo trying to call you but you have the phone unplugged for reasons.I would rate this game  GTA: Alivieska /10
,Recommended,516750,32743589,Posted: 24 June,all,NEVER EVER VAC AND YOU KNOW,"The game seems pretty good, let's see what's there.... TORILLA TAVATAAN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,516750,33326600,Posted: 6 July,all,MΞOW ♔,Build car. Drive car. Crash car. Die.11/10
76561198012252124,Recommended,516750,33305122,Posted: 6 July,all,Bundy,"This game allows you to take a trip to a simpler time before the hassle of instant gratification where people were happy when you gave them a call back in a day or two vs. 5 minutes before they were asking if you're mad at them. I miss those days....Plus it gives you moments such as:Dropping off my Satsuma at Fleetari's for a roll cage upgradeFleetari tells me: ""Take my car if you need a ride home.""""Cool Fleetari, thanks.""Head home and start drinking Kilju since a rollcage takes time to install.Get hammered.Get a few call from some people that need their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ pumped.""Sorry folks, gettin hammered.""Get another call six in-game hours after dropping off my car.It's Fleetari, telling me: ""Give me back my car or you'll never see your shitbox again.""Damn, Im pretty drunk.Get his car to him in one piece.... I think.Walk into the office beligerent asking him how he can install a rollcage in 6 hoursFleetari tells me ""Your car is a stain on my driveway.""Head home in a car with what I hope is a properly installed rollcage cause I have a rally to register for in the morning.Game is a 10/10 purely for the customer service."
,Recommended,516750,32963813,Posted: 28 June,all,Clyde,Its a Hate Love relationshipIts Grate fun but it puts you on the edgeIs it worth the yes of course its an amazing but frustrating game
,Recommended,516750,32677503,Posted: 23 June,all,JeremyM2001,"It is a great game, altho a tracker of the lorry would be nice, especially if you forget where you parked it and you can't find it anywhere on the map."
,Recommended,516750,30156582,Posted: 24 February,all,Knight Dias,love it its very grand
76561198380178999,Recommended,516750,32099136,Posted: 31 May,all,NAH1112,"The most frustrating game to start for the first time in. If you could find a guide on you tube on how to first play you will have alot more fun. After you start understanding the game, it is one of the most adictive games you can play."
,Recommended,516750,33480776,Posted: 12 July,all,Jackthedragonkiller,"Where do I start? This game is the number 1 most accurate Finnish Simulator. It's 1975 summer in Suomi, Finland and you have to ""fix"" your dads car and by fix. He means build. Yes, build the car. Starting from the chassis all the way up to the engine. Frustrating, fun, drunk. Break into a shop and steal the gas, steal a hot rod, drink beer, do jobs, have fun. Be Finnish!"
,Recommended,516750,33396334,Posted: 9 July,all,CeeToTheZee,This game can be frustrating. Very frustrating.I broke my screen in a fit of rage when some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crashed into my parked car at 120 kph.There goes all the 20 hours of playing and grinding.Don't buy this game if you have even the mildest anger issues.
,Recommended,516750,33466234,Posted: 11 July,all,Welshlad,"Spends hours building a car. All the effort of tightening bolts,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ drinking beer, swearing at the chap in the yellow car and trips to the shops just for the car to not even get into gear, and a bearing to fall with a broken piston.Run back into the house and finish the 38 crates of beer then go out for a drive in Uncle's van.8/10Still a damn good game for the price."
76561198349181364,Recommended,516750,32345143,Posted: 11 June,all,aviationstar,"SERIOUSLY,I have only 4 games on steam, and honestly this is the best one. It is really cool with mods. The only thing Id like to see is:PLANES! I know that it is a rally drag strip, but it would be really cool to see planes in a future update. But, it is the best game ever! Even though I havent built the car, I have fun driving the gifu, hayosiko and most importantly, THE MOTORBIKE! It is very realistic, which I like. It is amazing such a small game like this is a minute download and price. MY SUMMER CAR=BEST GAME EVER!!"
76561198071656926,Recommended,516750,26373515,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dogola,The finnish countryside life was very dangerous back in the 90's. 10/10
,Recommended,516750,32170019,Posted: 4 June,all,Princessjemkat,"Do not play this game if you are not familiar with a cars mechanics because you will hate it.Pretty accurate in terms of the way a real car is put together, plus you get to dump septic onto people!COntrols are kind of clunky, but it really did not bother me.Driving will kill you 100% of the time, turn off death.12/10 would get in car with a drunk driver again"
76561198071503732,Recommended,516750,31928244,Posted: 23 May,all,Lil Madmoney01,Watched this game for years before release and absolutely loved it after i played it.
,Recommended,516750,28908590,Posted: 1 January,all,ir0nix,"Gra mimo swoich błędów bardzo fajna. Składanie samochodu jest realistycznie przedstawione w tej grze co mnie cieszy. Gra ma bugi , ale dla mnie są one ""neutralne"" bo nie przeszkadzają mi w grze. Widać że twórca traktuje serio swojego klienta ponieważ aktualizuje gre dodając czasem większe , czasem mniejsze zmiany , które cieszą gracza tej oto gry. Patrząc na początki tej gry w 2013r. widać ogromne postępy gry. Grafika jest przyjemna dla oka a fizyka pojazdów przyjemna. Uszkodzenia pojazdów są ok , ale mogli by się trochę bardziej nad nimi postarać ponieważ gdy mój samochód przejechał pociąg wyglądał nawet w dobrym stanie a raczej tak nie powinno być , chociaż może narzekam bo w sumie to nie Beamg drive ;)Grę oceniam na 8/10 i czekam na pełną wersję! :)"
,Recommended,516750,28954190,Posted: 2 January,all,Cameron,For me this has been my most enjoyed game of 2016. There are so many things that suprise you and the game just keeps giving. When you see that update you know your gonna have to play it. Only game that has really made me laugh this year.
76561198051223513,Recommended,516750,26207418,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Zapekk,My first session.-Just randomly try stuff to get used to the game.-Go chop some food for the guy who doesn't friking stop calling you.-Try to build my car for an hour but then notice that i have to go to store tog et some food.-Accidentally drink a bottle of booze while trying to put it in the fridge.-♥♥♥♥ it i'll go to store anyway.-Hop in my Hayosiko and start my joyrney.-After some driving moose runs right in front of me and while im trying to evade while being drunk as hellcrash in to ditch and die.5/5 would drunk drive again.
,Recommended,516750,26266394,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,[RG]<-TehNinjooor->,"Sank 10 hours into this game so far and can easily see me accumilating 100+ hours as it develops and if and when mods come to play.I live and breathe cars, so thankfully for me putting the car together wasnt an issue, learning all the bolt locations and sizes was the worst and most time consuming part (rad pipe 3 took me 20 minutes to find the trigger to fit, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not...). As long as you have previous knowledge about cars, you probably wont have any issues! I managed to build the car in about 2-3 hours complete and had it driving with no fires or conk outs at all.Apart from the mechanics side, this is the sort of game that doesnt take itself seriously, but ♥♥♥♥s you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥for not being serious. One slip of the wheel and you flip your truck, then you have to either walk (yes walk.. theres no run/sprint) back home or kill yourself and/or start over. You can walk back, get the tractor and flip it back over and tow it back home but thatd take far too long, the map is huge and daunting if you dont know it too well.The needs are pretty basic and easy to keep ontop of (to save money drink from the kitchen tap), just keep a pizza and a beer crate in your van, car and lorry and youre safe anywhere.The jobs arn't actually too boring, I actually found lots of pleasure in sucking up♥♥♥♥♥♥from peoples crap tanks and dumping 10,000l of human waste onto police cars. I found that for a couple weeks of food and beer, every single car part rom the catalogue and all the options from the car repair shop would come to about 30k ish and tbh that wouldnt take a long time to save up for.I dont even care about the graphics/sound and placeholder-esque style of the game so far. If anything Id say keep it like it, its hilarious and makes getting drunk in the pub even more of a delight when the screen zooms in and distorts all 10 polygons of the bartenders face on a 24"" screen.TL:DROverall would reccomend to lovers of cars and people with weird twisted humour (you can literally♥♥♥♥♥♥on/in anything, imagine the fun). This game is its own punchline and it holds no shame. You cannot judge it, only enjoy it.It takes Id say 1-2 hours to look at the map, get your bearings and learn the various mechanics of the jobs etc, but once you know it all you can actually relax a bit.Woudlnt reccommend to anyone with no knowledge of cars or someone who has no patience."
76561198073251845,Recommended,516750,26274075,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Pepe Farms Remembers,"I agree with Robazz, this game has soul.  Addicting, funny, challanging and a blast to play.What's the purpose?  Who cares!Multiplayer anybody????"
76561198111292123,Recommended,516750,26316699,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Captain,"ITS A CAR MECHANIC SUMULATOR AND IRL SIMULATOR, ITS  MY LIFE.Even tho it is in early stage, it's working good.All it needs it multiplayer and a bigger map."
76561198006065608,Recommended,516750,26346491,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,zmame,The most detailed car building game you will ever find.Recommend having knowledge of cars befor purchasing. Rough around the edges but hours of fun.
76561197971325071,Recommended,516750,26493387,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,WGAS-Nirrum,"Played 48 hours of this game so far.  ""This game has great mechanics!""  That comment is multi-layered much like this game. OK, MSC does not a huge amount of content at this time but enough to keep you occupied for a good while. Your goal is to assemble a wreck and win the rally event with it. This costs blood, sweat, tears and a lot of crap!  If your an inpatient player or have zero tolerance for punishing game design, then this game is not for you.  If you like to tinker and take your time then you have arrived home, kick back, swig your beer and admire your ""Finnish Satsuma""."
76561198060718040,Recommended,516750,26494102,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TFW you were useless in WW2,Probably the best Finnish game ever made. It's actually surprising how well it's made.
,Recommended,516750,26494254,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,mclord,This game is great. So great i even write a comment! The graphics is not great but okayish. But the game is really fun to play. To fiddle with the carparts until the damn car finally starts. Flipping over while drunktowing a van with a tractor. Having a heartattack on a boat while transporting beer back home. Even choppin wood while being heavily drunk. And don't forget the sauna. 10/10 would buy again. It has its flaws(early access) but its great fun anyways even now!
,Recommended,516750,26512102,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,hatesfreedom,"If you like unique games, then look no further than My Summer Car, a Finnish life simulator set in an endless summer of projects.  Build a car, drink beers, eat sausages, pump sewage, chop wood, crash car, die in car crash, drink beers, eat sausages, make the brakes work, car crash, drink beers."
,Recommended,516750,26523533,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sammy-D,"Fun, Works, and constent updates!!!Great DEV Support!!!100% Support this game!"
76561198058418777,Recommended,516750,26551228,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Death Cog Unit,"Absolutely excellent, 10/10 we need more games like this. I hope this guy makes enough money to develop the game into something great, or a second game that goes more in depth.I was able to assemble the car very quickly without a guide, having rebuilt a similar engine in the past along with my old cars suspension. The difficult part is making it to the store and back alive. Protip: Always take the pooptruck. It's damn near impossible to die in it, and if you keep the rear axle raised you can do some hekktik drifts"
,Recommended,516750,26723204,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,dena2rat,Spent 38 hours so far. Regret none of them
76561198136133857,Recommended,516750,26743484,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,straya,love it
,Recommended,516750,28962924,Posted: 2 January,all,prophet,"I actually never believed I could sink 20+ hours into this game, but I did. The car building is really fun and in-depth. The satisfaction upon hearing the Datsun/Satsuma start upon turning the keys to ignition was tremendous."
,Recommended,516750,28967883,Posted: 2 January,all,1998kp,"Fun game, hard as hell to live, the car tends to have alot of problems sadly but its fun if you get it working."
76561198050890172,Recommended,516750,28968225,Posted: 2 January,all,k̗͚̠̞̦ơ͍̈k̳͙̜̙͖͈̲͜,I played this game for 10 hours without taking a break and now my sleeping pattern is so disorganized that it has reached the point where it interferes with my mental functioning.GOTY -- Just buy it.
,Recommended,516750,26205288,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Magics,This game is hilariously fun.
,Recommended,516750,26214616,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,☆HyperXFin☆,Best game ever +rep for finland creators
76561198001517318,Recommended,516750,26238671,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,MarttiK,"Great game about Finnish culture during 90's. If you have lived in Finland during that time, you will propably love this, others may not find this game as entertaining. Welcome to Finland!"
,Recommended,516750,26202962,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Massy,Hella fun.Look up a guide if you want to assemble an engine and don't have 15 years of experience as an automobile mechanic.Protip: The N key can be used to swear in finnish.
,Recommended,516750,28167185,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,dUNNOCk,This game is epic! I hope it wins Steam Awards so that the developer can buy more ale and sausages :D
76561198101191956,Recommended,516750,27743048,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Reddy,"It won't be easy but when you get it running it really gives the sweet feeling of success and survival. Until you realize you still need to adjust the valves, get the tires aligned, get the body fixed, etc. At that point you have probably no money and no change to survive, you depress, get all boozed up, head to the town bar with your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car, you crash and you die. You can't survive."
,Recommended,516750,27766817,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mike Pence's Electric Fence,Mint.
,Recommended,516750,27697277,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Ramzuz,GOTY 2016
76561198083914249,Recommended,516750,26503925,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,bananakin,"Turned sauna on, went to gas station, bought everything, lost 200 at slot machine, went home, took 1 hour to store all food inside the fridge, took sauna, went to sleep, woke up, chopped firewood whole day, went to sleep, 3AM phone - pick me up at pub, went to pub, picked up drunken guy, went back, police stop, took alcohol test - sober, looked in my mirror - clear - went back on the road, some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ without headlights on - firing over 120km/h - crashed into me from behind - insta death.Got a nice picture of my death in newspaper, which is nice.GG, would randomly die again."
,Recommended,516750,27168391,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mycrapytv,"If you want to know the ups and downs of life, and not knowing jack♥♥♥♥♥♥about what your doing, and knowing how your life can be taken away by the fact that your neighbors are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. play this game"
,Recommended,516750,28202047,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Somy4,"-- ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SIMULATOR 2016 --You will fall in love with this game. Not right away though.You will fail numerous times, cry, restart, shout at it for a week and only then you will accept it as it is.Never have a videogame made me feel so fullfilled when the engine starts and your car just drives.True magic."
,Recommended,516750,29507024,Posted: 26 January,all,Locally Famous Potato Farmer,"I""M CRYING TEARS OF JOY"
,Recommended,516750,26629729,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Evilworm,"Initially I thought this game was just another fix-the-car game and I was getting frustrated when I couldn't start the game.First day ingame: Instead of starting to build the car, I went for a trip in the van. Found a car parked in some bushes and a man drinking in it. Tried to go to him to see if I could help him, but he just sat there drinking and staring at the bushes. I flipped the finger at him and went back to my van. While waiting I watched the drunk start his car again, go back to the road and drove off like he had stole the car. I drove a little more, and found a town with a gas station/store, so I bought some food and drink (and luckily also the belt for the alternator).Second day ingame: I put some wheels on the car and started to build the engine. Lots of stuff fell off in the beginning before I saw some ""invisible"" nuts and bolts. Had to eat and drink and I got way too much to drink and needed to go to bed sleep in the evening when I couldn't see anything in the dark.Third day ingame: Found the light switches and got ready for the dark. Finished the engine.Fourth day ingame: After failing a few times to mount the engine, I finally got it right. Mounted exhaust and brakes and filled up all fluids. Of course I didn't have enough gasoline, so I had to go get some more. Used the van again, but this time I went the other way to see if I could find another gas station. Was very lucky when I couldn't keep my van on the road and met the drunk in his little car again. He drove past me like a maniac, clearly not fond of me for what I did last time we met. Got my gasoline and filled diesel on the van.Fifth day ingame: Lots of trouble and swearing for not getting the engine started. Drank a lot and used the sauna again.Sixth day ingame: FINALLY fixed the engine problem. One of the spark plugs wasn't properly tightened. Went back to the gas station to get more gasoline for the Satsuma. Also got more to drink and eat. On the way home I met the crazy drunk once again and I barely managed to pass him on the side of the road and almost hit a tree. Damn that guy is crazy!! Of course it wasn't enough gasoline, so I will have to fill it up again. Tried the muscle car.. oh man can it go fast! Sadly for me I had a lead foot and couldn't keep the car on the small road. Only to find out I had permadeath enabled. ¤%&¤""&%!!!! Because I read somewhere that if you deleted a file name meshsave.txt you can fix the dents, I also had a backup of the save game. Back in business again and I will try to get the parts from the catalog and mount them later.----Graphics: Its not ground breaking, but its okay. Trees looks kind of funky. Still its better than I expected.Sound: Had a good laugh when listening to the radio but the overall sound is okay. Except the stupid birds and flies... I hate themGameplay: If you don't think about the bugs, this game is so cool!! Its a life simulator. Its a sauna simulator, drinking simulator, car mechanic simulator. So many features. But I do think the developers need to remove bugs.Final verdict: I recommend this game if you can forget some bugs. Remember to save and take a backup of your save at least once a day ingame, or you will be frustrated. Oh, and btw, try the game without permadeath enabled. I love this game!Edit: Some bugs are removed, so the game is even better now. :)"
76561197981545635,Recommended,516750,26804616,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Grumpy Viking,One of my Game of the Year.
,Recommended,516750,26814617,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bez,I have been following this game on Twitter and its website since it existed. Oh boy what a game this is. If you enjoy tinkering around and traveling to to the shops every day to get more food and beer then this is a game for you. Being constantly updated with new features. The future is bright for this game.Finland Simulator 2017
76561198174562058,Recommended,516750,26524727,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Bocajo_And_His_Dog_On_The_Bog,"Tanked up on beer, racing down the motorway away from cops, loose traction on rear end straight into tree andPERMADEATH"
76561198035748115,Recommended,516750,26499248,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Awwschwitz,16 hours in and I still dont have a working car. 10/10 would get drunk in back seat while car burns again.
,Recommended,516750,27812966,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Proxy,"Hardcore finnish redneck simulator.  10 drunk teleportations of 10.Перкеле.Gone shopping, bought too much beer, died of heart attack while caryying boxes to the car, than died of hunger, than drowned in shi* while doing sewage cleaning, then died in sauna, died in a car crash countless times(dont drink and drive irl, kids), was ran over by some vodka-drinking driver 2 times."
,Recommended,516750,27884767,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DeviousBaboon,"Built my car; ran out of gas on the highway.I start carrying the jerry can towards the gas station to fill it up, and run into a police checkstop. I walked towards the officer, and accidentally murdered him with the jerry can..Another cop comes racing down the road lights and sirens, then gives me a 1700 mark ticket.. presumably for murdering his fellow officer.. fair enough!I gladly take the ticket, and retrieve my jerry can to continue my journey.I run into another officer (this time putting my jerry can on the ground before getting close!) who proceeds to administer a breathalyzer test (I hadn't had any beers that day).I receive a 200 mark ticket for? Carrying a jerry can down the side of the road?11/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,516750,30218314,Posted: 27 February,all,SuperNug,This game is just downright awesome! Keep it coming
,Recommended,516750,30225060,Posted: 27 February,all,Nolanrulesroblox,best game ever! 6 out of 5 stars!
76561197986713962,Recommended,516750,30234613,Posted: 27 February,all,Freddy (no sound),"This game will be game of the year when it's finished, this is a great game loads fun it is absolutely wroth the $$11/10"
,Recommended,516750,28403795,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,MaRthY,"I will say this. This is one of the best games on steam.Creating a car in this game will make you a true man, this game will make you laugh, cry, cringe..I would rate it 10/10, but that's not nearly enough.. it's just so much better than that."
,Recommended,516750,28518422,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,SuperGavin,its a good game i really good game its just not good for labtops
,Recommended,516750,26981550,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MrChips,"This game speaks to me on a level like no other before.On a quiet evening, I can here it shouting ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"" in the distance..."
76561198247342854,Recommended,516750,31162637,Posted: 15 April,all,NightFox,"Love this game amazing, just one thing is that when I fill the radiator full of coolant and put the brake fluids and motor oil in it won't work, but amazing game I wish for more better future updates cause right now its a bit ♥♥♥♥ed up  and a bit of a♥♥♥♥♥♥too do stuff in..."
76561198144423752,Recommended,516750,31173629,Posted: 16 April,all,D O M I S,"I got more then what i pad out of this game, Worth buying"
,Recommended,516750,27520102,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jorge,P E R K E L E
,Recommended,516750,26200650,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Kami102,"Flipped my van on the way to the grocery store.Didn't bring beerDied from thirst.10/10Remember to bring beer, kids"
76561197988692492,Recommended,516750,26203082,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,☭Larry☭,suomisimulaattori <3
,Recommended,516750,26221474,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,❤BlessedLoli❤,100% wörtti C:
,Recommended,516750,26450500,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,uhender,made me go out in real life to get my dricers license and take 8 college online engineering courses to build the car and drive11/10 best survival game
76561198328499632,Recommended,516750,28866809,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,killerguy19,every time I die I must start again. how can I just go back further to do with what I had
,Recommended,516750,26202198,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Truck of Tolerance,"An excellent portrayal of Finnish culture. The game is still quite buggy, especially building the engine can be a pixelhunt to get the piece into place. Despite this, the game is very good."
,Recommended,516750,26243523,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Voikanaa,lämmitä sauna 11/10
,Recommended,516750,26567473,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,skulldriver101,"this game is fun in general, but is way too realistic at times to be fun. i feel the eat and drink to stay alive should be toggleable. and sprint speed could be increased alot and auto bound to a key and have constant sprint toggleable. when you die with perma death turned off it should reset the van and the boat to your house so you dont have to walk for literally hours of real time if all your cars are missing.one aspect of realism that i think would fit in to the game is having to mount tires to the wheels and having different tire and wheel choices from the catalog. the main car that your building should be a little bit tougher at times because using the push key to rolling into the garage shouldnt leave a giant dent and a trail of broken parts.when using the boat to go to the store i think that the boat should be faster or have gears instead of one constant slow speed. also when carrying things from the store to the boat it would be nice to carry 2-3 things at a time or put the over sized things in the bag aswell even though its unrealistic."
,Recommended,516750,28770656,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Seb,"1) See's that everyone you know and their dead grandma is playing this game2) Buys game even tho I dont know anything about building a car3) Download and start game, check controls and see two swear buttons4) Swear in finnish5) Sees beer in kitchen, drinks one and brings the rest outside6) Sees rusty old piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥car body and thinks this will be bad7) Look in garage and see lots of parts you never saw before8) Tries to put stuff together but all I could do was place the back seat and the grille9) Get mad10) Mash the swear button11) Drink the rest of the beer12) Pass out13) Satisfaction10/10 would pass out again"
76561198219617207,Recommended,516750,29147122,Posted: 9 January,all,Dodcio Challenger,This best game ever you can drive it make it put parts this game shut go 100% likes :D
,Recommended,516750,29733766,Posted: 5 February,all,captain_B4L0N3Y,"My biggest question is, Why can't we steal registration plates??"
76561198141513962,Recommended,516750,26356207,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ghh,It's a buggy mess that comes together to create a genuine experience. The developer really poured his heart and soul into this game and it shows.
,Recommended,516750,26362970,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,LooneyJuice,"Started the game, had a couple of buggy false starts, but all good, was just being a goofball.Worked for a week, made some cash, roleplayed daredevil but prudent Finnish youth, survived the Finnish countryside.Concluded it wasn't as bad as they made it out to be, keep your head on a swivel, and it's all good.Weekend came, it was time to chill next to my stockpile of mostly liquid alcoholic food, and build the car.Enjoyed my meditative assembly of the front suspension during Sunday morning.As soon as I was done, I began to lower the floor jack to work on the rear suspension, when I got a phonecall.Picked up the phone, got zapped, died from a heart attack.THE ENDI laughed, I cried, oispa kaljaa.Recommended wholeheartedly. Literally hits ""P"" on many gaming concepts."
,Recommended,516750,26392306,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Nigerian Eagle,"Went to the shops, brought some beer. Worked on my car, delivered some firewood to my neighbour. Worked on my car some more, cleaned out sewage pits in town. got some beer while i was there. Finnished car started moving and seat fell out and killed me. 11/10 would drink drive again."
76561198092339690,Recommended,516750,29354249,Posted: 19 January,all,Dirty Harry,bulids car.drives car to shop.buys stuff for the car and other♥♥♥♥♥♥throw it in the boot.drives back to house.finds out i didnt close the boot proply.drives back the next day to find half the♥♥♥♥♥♥i lost.9/10 very indeth car game
76561198151423390,Recommended,516750,29502812,Posted: 26 January,all,Remonttimies,Hyvä peli pakko sanoo
,Recommended,516750,27346967,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PcmciaKai,"If you like cars, alcohol, sauna and swearing (short: if you like living the finnish life), then this game is for you. While this surely is a humorous game, it is also a simulation of life at high difficulty. This includes doing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ jobs, survival needs and building your car.I rate this game 8/8 for being developed with an insane love for small details, amazing me every time.Tip: If you can, try this game with a steering wheel controller!"
76561198112792224,Recommended,516750,26266774,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Seppo Taalasmaa,BUY IT ITS ♥♥♥♥ING GREATSUOMI SUOMI SUOMIruotsi?
76561198078608906,Recommended,516750,26239053,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Slippery Herring,"That ""drink beer and pee to the kiuas"" is most awesome loop ever.6/5"
,Recommended,516750,26239261,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Lathorus,"Finished getting the cars front and rear suspension assembly done. Spent an hour driving to the store to buy food, and buy gas for my van. On the way home I got stuck in a ditch and accidently reversed my way out off a cliff and died.  FML"
,Recommended,516750,26321360,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,robownz7,Gambled away most of my money on a beer run. Went to do an odd job for some extra change. Fell into the septic tank and drowned to death in♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would Finnish simulate again.
,Recommended,516750,26284729,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,maasqe,is very good
,Recommended,516750,26563913,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Dooj,"Typical gameplay...Attempt #1 - Had some sausages for breakfast and a beer.  Might have been two beers.  Wandered out to the garage where there was a huge pile of car parts.  Tinkered for a while trying to build the engine..... may have been a few days... phone ringing continually but far too engrossed in my build... suddenly noticed i was REALLY hungry.  Fridge in house empty :(  Got into van to go buy some food.  Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥these roads are narrow.  Crashes into tree and dies.Attempt #2 - Decided to go buy supplies right away.  Got slightly further down the road this time, but inevitably.. crashed into a tree and died.Attempts #3 thru 10 - as above.  Did make it to the end of my road a couple of times, passed a few buildings but no shops found yet.  Plenty trees though.Attempt #11 - Checked map on forum - man... shops are sooooo far :(  people talking about a shortcut around the lake.  Sweet!  Took my trusty van and started out.  Not so many trees, just some bushes that i seem to be able to drive through without consequence :)   One of them turned out to be a tree :(   <ragequit>Attempt #12 - Finally picked up the phone, some guy ranting about wanting logs delivered.   Found the woodshed and learned how to chop wood.  Reversed truck perfectly to be able to load LIKE A BOSS.  Chopped some wood, drank some beer.  Night falling.  Still chopping and drinking and throwing firewood into the back, but the damn truck STILL doesn't look full.  Nearly out of beer.  Sees bottle on the ground near the logpile.  Drinks and suddenly cannot see.  Tried in vain to get out the woodshed with just a faint silhouette to guide me.  Is that the sky?  The ground?  I dunno anymore :( Went afk for a long while.  Came back.  Character still drunk beyond all recognition and unable to see.  Tried again for 20min to get out the **** woodshed.  <ragequit>Attempt #13 - back to navigating the **** roads in search of sausages and beer before starting my build.  On a positive note, i found that you can unplug the phone at the wall to stop the damn thing ringing :DAttempt #15 - with the aid of a map and some very VERY careful driving... made it to the shop :)  It was closed :(  Pub was open though, so got drunk while waiting for shop to open.  Pub closed.  Shop still closed.  Wrote a message to the shopkeeper on shop windows with pee and got back into van.  Rolled van multiple times and hit a tree.Attempt #16  - finds boat.  realises boat can be driven!   much joy.  Drives boat across the lake to the town, so not dying to trees on the way :)   Shop open!   Buys a HUGE amount of food, beer, oil, brake fluid etc... forgot to bring petrol can but still feeling bad♥♥♥♥♥at having made it to the shop :)   Starts carrying beer etc back to the boat one item at a time.  F**k me this is hard work, boat is not so close after all :P  Fatigue in the red.. worried i might pass out so left the rest of the beer outside the shop.   Starts back across the lake... items vibrate and bounce around in the boat...  hope it's secure enough as long as i don't make any sudden movements.... shopping bag leaps over the side and disappears into the lake :(  <RAGEQUIT>Attemp #17.  Put fuel and diesel cans in boat.  Got to the shop.  It's open.  Bought stuff.  Transported items one at a time back to the boat, leaving the obligatory few crates of beer outside for later pickup due to fatigue.  CAREFULLY drove boat back across the lake.  Loaded loot into van which i had cunningly parked at the jetty.  Tried to get back into van using the usual crouch and jump method.  Van flips 20ft into the air and lands upside down.  Unable to flip van back over by hand.  Went home for tractor and a nap, returned the next day and eventually managed to flip van back up the right way :)  Finally, finally... get everything back home and fill up my fridge with food.   Words cannot describe the sense of accomplishment :PGame saved, save game folder backed up.  Spend next few nights IRL gradually building the car, figuring out how to use the sauna with the help of the steam forums and drinking mostly tap water in case beer leads to something bad.  Recommending this game to all my workmates :)Finally the moment arrives, time to start her up.   Got in, turned the key and <BROOOOM>  she bursts into life.. omg it runs XD  Revved it a few times, everything seems good!  Got out of car, had a beer while admiring my handiwork - engine ticking over nicely as the setting sun reflected across her shiny new paintwork.Gets back in, engages reverse, lets out clutch.. nothing, no movement.  Checks handbrake - OFF.  Tried first gear, nothing..  must have forgotten to bolt something up in the drivetrain :(  Suddenly engine stops running... Started her back up, cuts out again... was then I noticed the temperature gauge... needle buried into the red zone...  then the flames... NOOOOOO!   Frantically got out, ran around looking for a fire extinguisher - none to be found :(  Ran back to car and P*******ssed into my engine bay.  Flames gone but at what cost :(  Took a last long look at my steaming car and <ragequit>.Fast forward to present day.. 27hrs in...Attempt #18 - Car built from scratch again, reasonably confident I've not missed any bolts :P  fired up first time and is running ok - i sat with eyes glued to the temp gauge for 20min and it seems to be nice and stable :P  Goes into gear too without any issue... Just gonna take her for a quick spin but will need to get a job soon as supplies are running low and I'll need more cash before heading to the store.  Wish me luck :DTest drive mostly successful, aside from a minor incident where i hit a bump and lost a wheel along with the front hub, brake disk, halfshaft and strut.  Luckily all were lying strewn at the side of the road and i had remembered to put the toolbox in the boot :D  Repaired at the roadside, continued on to the shop and filled up with fuel.  Quick blast back down the highway to avoid the♥♥♥♥♥♥roads went without incident, finally getting comfortable with driving by keyboard.  Looking forward to playing with a G25 soon, I hear it's a lot easier with a wheel xDHuge amount of fun, really looking forward to future updates!Graphics 7/10 gameworld is nothing startling but is plenty immersive - parts detail is really good.Sound 7/10 except the ♥♥♥♥ing mosquito - could use more radio stations, internet radio streams like ETS would be awesome.Gameplay 11/10 best frustration for the money i've had in ages :)Playing at 5760x1080 across 3 screens with nvsurround - no issues with UI - dunno if there's VR or trackIR support but it would work well."
76561198000374066,Recommended,516750,26286018,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Pastoripaskanaama,"My experiences with My Summer Car> First off to the Teimo's shop> Buy all beer and food you can> Buy all fluids you need> Buy the belt> Driving back to home> Got lost on the way back home> Wild police ambush appears on the highway> Go in panic and the van loses control> Somehow the van lands on its wheels> Killed a cop at the same swinging> Cops only take alcohol test on me> ""Carry on.""> Flip a bird and drive on> Home sweet home> Waste couple of hours to assemble the car> Works at first try!> Test drive> Forgot that I had permadeath enabled> Speedin' on the dirt road about 60kmh> Die after a small collision with a ditchPS.Do something about sewage truck hose system, the new system in the update is almost perfect that it detachs by itself if too much force is applied, but trying to pull back the hose from the well is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The hose dropped in the shitwell and i jumped with it.10/5 worth it"
,Recommended,516750,26852067,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blys,5/5
,Recommended,516750,29880693,Posted: 12 February,all,xÐoþe,Thumbs up.
,Recommended,516750,27880068,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,CSix,"Love this game easily worth your money, it has got to be the best indie game i have ever played.Nominated for the steam awards  “I Thought This Game Was Cool Before It Won An Award” Award"
,Recommended,516750,27176495,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,العوامة التورتيل,"This game is realistic FInland simulation :D worth to buy even for 15€ Building datsun, drinking beer, crashing to trees, dying, getting wasted, waking up on top of wood pile, great basswoofers, kinda ""modding"" friendly. overall very good game"
76561197998806403,Recommended,516750,30316843,Posted: 4 March,all,Zimbah699,Best game!
,Recommended,516750,30080833,Posted: 21 February,all,i3loody_Moon,If you like cars.     Worth every penny
76561198089177439,Recommended,516750,28496366,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,zhiphex,"The most Addictive game ever.The project car has full Wheel supportSome support for the Van, and a little less for the big rig.If using a G27 this game is x1000000 times better.Cant wait to see where this game goes, I've never put 80+ hours into any game in 2 weeks alone.The update with the Racing tachometer and bucket seats is amazing!This is a better rally game and simulator than Dirt rally, Hands down.If you like building, driving, lauging and having to struggle to figure out the game than this is for you.Not for people with short paitience, You will die. over and over again.Best part is every time you start up the car and take it for a spin it could be the last time, or you can miss a gear and completely demolish the engine. Pistions flying out with the main bearing caps XDThe best game ive ever played and its not even multiplayer! EPIC"
76561198260062398,Recommended,516750,28392133,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Gud Fite,"Too much fun. If you are the kind of person to laugh at your own progress getting reset, or getting stuck somewhere you shouldnt, buy this. my stomach is chiseled from the laughter."
,Recommended,516750,26983475,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zaxphyr,"Being early access brings some annoying bugs, but nothing game breaking in my playtime. There is plenty to do and tons of room for future improvement. As long as the devs stay active this game is a must buy if you enjoy any of the following:-Pumping raw sewage from the ground-Getting so drunk you♥♥♥♥♥♥yourself-Experiencing the slowest in-game walking speed of all time-Spending several hours building an autombile from scratch only to ultimately die from starvation"
76561197961824023,Recommended,516750,27827426,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Raato,This game has everything a young mobile man needs from life. Including the sauna.
76561198054603957,Recommended,516750,28702164,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Three of Nine,"This might be the best first person simulator i have ever played. The level of realism and lack of hand holding is something i have been hoping for, for decades! This game still has some work needed, as cars and parts can randomly fly through the air and are very hard to move about. Also, not a fan of how the wood cutting and stacking in trailer works. With the level of realism every where else, it seems like you could of had us stack individual logs in a trailer. But thats nit picking an otherwise excellent experiance.I consider myself an avid enthusiest of all vehicles, but i have learned much from this game. Puting together a car from nothing but spare parts is definitly a learning experiance. I could see a version of this game used a tool for students, minus the flipping people off button and the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(which i love as well :] ).9/10 - the game needs some bug fixing and content expansion, but otherwise amazing!"
,Recommended,516750,28570703,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,derpface76 DANKSTOP.COM,"10/10Drink beer, build car, wreck due to drunk driving, repeat.Teaches you the struggles of putting together a real car, but with a halarious Finnish twist"
76561198027542202,Recommended,516750,29189128,Posted: 11 January,all,Beefy ᶠᶸᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ! ﾂ,"The amount of details and stuff you can actually do with the car! Amazing !it's not easy tho, if you dont know what you're doing. :D10/10stuff you get for the price is through the roof allready.Really cant wait to see what the future will bring !"
,Recommended,516750,27623984,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Larska,The best Steam game in a while. This game is just awesome!
,Recommended,516750,27549000,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mister Rogers,This game sums up my experience in Finland like no game before.
,Recommended,516750,27588045,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,"Biff ""The Deagle"" Johnston","I came for the memes, but stayed for what turned out to actually be a fun simulator type game"
,Recommended,516750,27591190,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord of All Ñoldor,"Teh most akkurate deskription of finnish summer and waht you do during it, you wart of a♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,516750,27283485,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Treppjapask,No comments
76561198005288790,Recommended,516750,26201349,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Digger,huguygyg
76561197971174829,Recommended,516750,26211245,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,pvtr,Died 3 times on my way to shop to buy some beer and sausages. Build up the whole engine but realized I missed few parts from inside. Tried to empty someones shitwell but drowned in there instead while he was drinking beer next to me. Would definitely recommend.
,Recommended,516750,26213775,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,rk0ff,Most detailed Sauna and beer drinking simulation available!
,Recommended,516750,26217914,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,KEUF skinsjar.com,yes pls
,Recommended,516750,26238130,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,TheGreatYeti14,Brilliant game..... Had to read the reviews after playing it expecting some funny reviews which resembled my experience... Love the idea and can't wait for the finished product. Highly recommend best money I spent this year and I only played a couple of hours due to a busy schedule looking forward to playing again in my free time ....
,Recommended,516750,26575298,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Cap'n Flappy Jaw,"I had two head-on collisions, t-boned a police car, and rolled my van at least 6 times, and I died by hitting a bump going 30 km/h, all while drinking and driving, like a true Finn.11/10 GOTY 2016"
,Recommended,516750,26916620,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dookey,Listening to soviet music from my van radio while building a car and drinking beer
76561198026204661,Recommended,516750,26647697,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Shuntaro84,1st try: I jump in to the van to go to town after supplies. Get the van going and rams into a tree in my own front yard. Dies bloody.2nd try: Driving the van to get supplies loses control and smashes into a giant GIANT ♥♥♥♥ing rock. Dies bloody.3rd try: I get to the kiosk/gas station load up on supplies (gas diesel oil pizza beer bug spray etc) Have a case of beer on the front seat. Am so goddamn thirsty after all that work. Drinks some beer while driving. Going after beer number 3 spots something out of the corner of my eye. It's a green car and I'm in the wrong lane. Dies bloody.MFW the first car I see kills me. Top kek gonna play it again tonight.
,Recommended,516750,26776703,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,igor,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198002468979,Recommended,516750,26932917,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Exilim,There is one thing i've learned from this game...And that i can build a car drunk!Died a couple of times because to drunk to drive straightMy car blew up but i had beer with me so that was niceFell down a toilet and drowned in♥♥♥♥♥♥Stole a car and crashed it into the police drunk!Took a lift from some crazy fin in a green car.All in all this game is fun to play!
,Recommended,516750,29263820,Posted: 14 January,all,tucker,This IS INSANE. Never thought that I one day would be spending my day hours buiding a car from the beginning. This game the future of gaming.
76561198060076722,Recommended,516750,26464949,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,BZ | Mr. Flaminator,This game is the best simulator I've played in my life. You seriously have to do everything yourself wich makes it fun to play. The driving is kinda realistic but hard.
,Recommended,516750,27788569,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ronizi cs.money,Kyllä on mahtava peli!
,Recommended,516750,26626840,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,CYBERTRONICghost,"This game is so great. Trust me, it can get frustrating some times. But, if you can over come your anger of flying off the road and hitting a tree, or out of food and beer and all your cars are stuck in ditchs. It's worth every penny!"
,Recommended,516750,26449924,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Aziatskeet,"It's a fun game but I'm beginning to wonder if it's worth the anger and time wasting it's caused me.I've never even gotten to drive the car because one thing or another happens.Either my game glitches and the engine is flung off the map right as I'm lowering it into the finished car. (♥♥♥♥ my life), I die, my van flips and I don't feel like walking, some other thing.Overall, I'd reccommend it, but I've had a terrible time with it.  I just want to drive the car."
76561198166498622,Recommended,516750,26369459,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,SN-FEROX,Early Access game with lot of potential and provides a very refreshing take on car based game.
76561198057842710,Recommended,516750,26393833,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Deeman777,"Never Had to Fight the Actual Game Itself BeforeSo, I bought this game because it looks like it has a lot of potential, but for an early access game, its so buggy to the point of feeling like the game is against you and not trying to let you have a good time but rather make sure you stay frustrated the whole time. Make no mistake, you will get frustrated, you will develop a deep love/hate relationship with this game, you might even uninstall it out of pure hatred only to find yourself re-downloading it. Luckily, the game was prepared for this since its like...200 MBs.This game isn't for the people, like myself, who aren't car savvy because this game will have you build the suspension of a car from scratch, it will have you build the engine itself from scratch. Which I ended up learning from Guides and my friend who knew what they were doing. This would be good if the game was in a playable state because anything you do in the game, requires you to save and exit the current game session in progress in order for it to actually take any effect. Now some of the issues I had, like the engine not being mounted to engine lift, were fixed since then and I respect that of the devs to make sure the game runs better and better. So, if you aren't a mechanic, expect to be frustrated and confused because this game will make sure you suffer. In other news, the game does run well enough, its one of the more better optimized Unity Early Access games on Steam. At least it has that going for it. When you start off the game, one pack of sausages, a case of beer, and hundreds of car parts, including the body of the car you're building, and you're mind to help you figure out what you should do first. People usually like to do suspension first, but it doesn't matter what's first, but I would recommend you overcheck every bolt you have to tighten. Oh yes, you have to individually tighten almost every part of the car, you also have to choose the right wrench size for it too. Now, before you get to building, you should probably take this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥van you have parked outside your house and drive it 3 miles to the local gas station, buy food, motor oil, coolant, the fan belt to the alternator, steal gas, and then be on your merry way back because you will need all those things, don't be afraid to spend over 2k on it too. So once you get back, you unpack your♥♥♥♥♥♥ take your fluids into the garage and then put those together. You need to be extremely thorough because if you literally miss a single part, something is flying off your car when you start it, wether that be fluids from your car or the muffler (that ♥♥♥♥ing thing flies off all the time), you will eventually lose something. You have to also tune the Carbonator so your car doesn't stall every ♥♥♥♥ing second because you will be there for 5 minutes to get your car started but the second you stop it, you bet your♥♥♥♥♥its stalling. Don't do what I did and just ♥♥♥♥ around with it because I'm pretty sure I'm past the point of no return and having to restart the 80th time.  Drive carefully, you will die if you crash your car, unless you roll it. I always rolled the van I drove and lived to tell the tale. However if you do 80 on a narrow dirt road and you end up off the path right into a tree that is ready to take on your heavy car collision, nature is gonna win, don't do it. There are other drivers on the road too, even heard that there were cops in the game that can pull you over, but I never got to see this. I never did crash into other drivers but they did run me off the dirt road because they won't stop, ♥♥♥♥ers.The game looks meh, its still early access but it does enough to get the job done. Just don't go expecting to see the Mona Lisa in HD.The sound is somewhat important because you can hear how your car is running, like in real life, so you will probably want to not listen to music, at the same time, however. There is a constant buzzing sound in your ♥♥♥♥ing ear and its so damn annoying that you'd rather put on music and deal with the consequences than to listen to the game because HOLY HELL, BZZZZZZZZZZ BZZZ BZZZZZZZZ is all you'll be hearing the entire game. You can even buy bug spray but thats throwing your money at the mosquitos or flies or what the ♥♥♥♥ ever because it does jack against them.Overall, do I recommend this game? This was a hard question to answer because the game is frustrating as hell and does a lot to annoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you but it has good game play in it. You can take on side jobs to make some extra money and the driving itself isn't that bad but the game gives you so many problems to handle that you might find it all too much like I do. The physics in the game are wonky too because things can just go flying off to whatever because...physics. It feels very user unfriendly and isn't for those who give up easily. Oh and if you have sensitive ears, don't get this, ever. BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ. If you have high endurance and need a challenge, this is more up your alley. But for people like me, I recommend it for the knowledge you gain through the experience this game has to offer."
76561197961783985,Recommended,516750,26403868,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,tetrahedral penis,"Have died 100 times in different ways, 11/10 would die again."
,Recommended,516750,26688631,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,SwaggySwoo,"It's fun. I was suprised that they recommend a GTX 960 for this game... this game isn't really a graphical intensive game. Grand Theft Auto V recommends a 660, and that's a very graphical intensive game... but... I dunno :)"
,Recommended,516750,26320474,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Vе$д RNGOD,In Finland we alcohol
,Recommended,516750,26236421,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Oski,"This a great simulator!The problem with most of todays games are that there is hand holding from start to finnish. This game though will not help you with anything. Just as real life you have to figure things out by yourself and try if it works. This gives a great sensation of reward when you solve a puzzle that was not even presented to you. Because in this game there are many ""puzzles"" that might be presented to you as an feature or how the game works, but you might be able to alter that thing by doing exactly the same thing in the game as you would do in the real world. There is no story but soon you will make up you own goals and you will unfold you own story.This game is not for everyone, but for some it's the perfect game.I recommend this game to you if you like:- Thinkering with cars- Explore the finnish countryside in a '90s setting- Problem solving- Realism"
,Recommended,516750,28023264,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chev,This game is Art.
,Recommended,516750,27363840,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,weedlord bonerhitler,"I spent many hours tinkering with my rusted old car in the shop. I was determined not only to get it running, but running right. The car was assembled with as much care as chronic alcoholism would allow. I topped up the fluids and finally slid into the car.It started right up, but the engine was ticking and backfiring. Further adjustments to the valves and carburetor were needed. I was well stocked with beer, but I was growing hungry and had eaten my last package of raw sausages some time ago. Never mind, I would push forward. I would drive to the shop in my Satsuma, built by mine own hand, and buy myself a victory feast of sausages (cooked this time), french fries and vodka.The tinkering was done, and the car was running much better. Still not perfect, but the store was closing before too long and I was getting tired. Time to get that meal I promised myself.Puttering down the road, taking care not to wreck my car on the narrow Finnish roads, I thought how stupid those other people must have been. Sure, it took me time, but ultimately this wasn't difficult. Just a matter of making sure things were done the right way, and now I'm set.Shortly after, my car pops out of gear. I restart it and continue driving, only for it to happen again. I repeat the process, and the pop out becomes more frequent, making it all but impossible to continue my journey.I pop the hood and do a few basic checks, everything seems ok, but the car still will not stay in gear. It's getting later and I'm growing hungrier by the minute, when I realize I missed one small bolt on the gear linkage. That one bolt not being adequately tightened has led to my car being virtually undrivable.I am too far from home to make it back in time, and I have neither tools nor a jack, as I used all that space to carry cases of beer.Still, I try my best to fix the car before finally giving up, punching out the windshield and extending my middle finger to an uncaring sky.I die of starvation some time later, meeting death with ""You wart of a♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; on my lips and a sickly yellow stream of♥♥♥♥♥♥flowing skywards."
,Recommended,516750,27425077,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rakki,Simply 6/5
,Recommended,516750,27608608,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mean Bob,Got drunk and when I failed the breath test I threw a bottle of beer at the cop. 10/10 game
,Recommended,516750,26537846,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,_jackknife,"This game really doesn't have too much to offer at this point. There's pretty much only 5 things you can do at the moment: work, build and tune the car, drive around picking up groceries and whatnot, go to the bar to get wasted and wake up at your house with no memory of how you got back there, or just kick back, put the sauna on, crack open a beer and then enjoy the (virtual) warmth of the sauna while getting wasted. But all that is pretty obvious, since the game is an early access, and not yet completed.Nontheless, I found myself glued to the screen, living the virtual life in 90's Finland, building my car, going to work and relaxing in the sauna. The tasks (aka work) are repetitive (there's one drunk who asks you to bring him a flatbed of firewood, and 5 sewage wells around the map that require emptying from time to time) and you pretty much know where you have to go and what you have to do as soon as you answer the phone and hear who's on the other end. The game requires some time to get used to, there's not much information or even a tutorial in the game, it's just life, and you have to do what it takes to survive and build your summer car.Fact is though, this is a game you either passionately love and spend countless hours building the same car over and over again, dying for stupid mistakes and working the same repetitive jobs to make ends meet, or find too boring to even install after trying it for the first 5 minutes. I, for one, belong to the first category, and can't wait to see what new things will come as the release date nears."
76561198048966113,Recommended,516750,26550220,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Mr.ThomBr CN,"Hard but good. It is very difficult for someone that has no technical car assebling ability to play this game without opening a youtube guide. After building up my engine and suspension spending hours, I died. No saves, back to the beginning."
76561198346320534,Recommended,516750,26715470,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,ejl12345,It is a grate game just that it is not easy to set up wasd and the driving is quite hard on the dirt roads but over than that it is a grate game
76561198179260362,Recommended,516750,26742723,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Willson,Really good game not in english most of the time but a great funny game to play and queit good driving physics
,Recommended,516750,26215104,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,@Jellu.,Very good :DDD
76561198043722249,Recommended,516750,26369445,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,UИCLE RÖADKILL,"Holy hot damn, this game is plain awesome.Really hard to describe it, 'cause it leaves you speechless - in a good way.You know those AAA++ games, that actually are interactive movies, where you have to watch the game do its' thing and get excited? Well, this one's nothing like that at all, this one - you actually have to play it and get your fun yourself - just like games used to be back in the day. And let me tell you - it IS fun.Getting annoyed by the mosquitoes, going to the shop to buy some mosquito spray, getting pulled over by the cops and getting run over by a truck while you get outta your car to take the ticket - is fun.Getting the van stuck in a ditch and yourself dead, taking the tractor to get the van out, drinking a bottle of vodka before driving there, spending five minutes trying to start the tractor and switch the parking brake off, then driving there drunk as fecal matter, trying to hook up the towing cable for five more minutes and when you finally do it - a car comes by, slightly hits your tractor, it starts rolling downhill ('cause no way you would try to engage the parking brake while being that much wasted) pulling the van after it, you run after it trying to get in and stop it and get hit by your own van and die - fun as helvete.Stashing beer crates, oil and coolant cans in the outhouse behind the bar because you went there by the boat, your fatique and dirtiness are in the red and you don't know when you're 'gonna die of either exhaustion or crapliness, so you don't have time to carry all that stuff to the boat and all you can take is shopping bag - is fun. More fun is when you realise your thirst went up after all that running and you 'gotta go back to the outhouse to grab a beer crate. Going back home in the boat, almost dead due to lack of sleep, all dirty, smelly and surrounded by swarming flies, watching the wonderful sunset and sipping beer is relaxing and fun. Going by the shore in the boat trying to find the berth in the dark is fun too.Taking a sauna while storm begins and the lights go off - creepy, but still fun.Looking at all them parts in the garage and realising all you've got is a itty bitty small car with no V8 and all, then going to the bar and getting wasted is realistic. And fun. Coming back and starting to work on this crapbox while drunk is even more realistic and fun. Accidentally throwing your instrument box on the roof of your garage due to drunken anger is realistic. Trying to knock it back down with a basketball is fun, but not very effective, poking it with the exhaust pipe did the trick and got that little bunghole down.All of the above and some more happened in less than two and a half hours of gameplay. None of all that stuff was pre-scripted or even intended to happen before it did happen.Take that, Grand Theft Call Of Battlefield or whatever all these loud names are.I'm stuck with this game now, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.What, I can't say ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" here?Now you're just pulling my♥♥♥♥♥♥What?! I can't say &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; either? What if I was called♥♥♥♥♥♥for real, does that mean I wouldn't be able to say my own name here?Oh, for ♥♥♥♥'s sake, that's pretty big offense to all fellas named Richard all around the world!Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together already."
76561197983601453,Recommended,516750,26370224,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Nowar,veri guud finnis simulator.
76561198020962200,Recommended,516750,26346983,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Flopsidoodle,"My Summer Car is not so much a game as a cruel, sadistic piece of software delved from the darkest depths of Hel(sinki).The premise is that you, as a young man living in rural Finland, must build a Datsun 100a (rebranded as a Satsuma ingame) from the ground up, and when I say from the ground up I mean it.  Using an empty body shell and a garage full of loose parts, you must put together your marvellous machine piece-by-piece, and you'd damn well better make sure every nut and bolt is nice and tight, otherwise you'll live to regret it, especially if you're playing on permadeath.All the while you must cater to your own needs as your car takes shape.  Not only will you have to keep yourself fed and watered (or beered) while making sure you get enough sleep.  In addition to dying of thirst and starvation, you can also die of a ruptured bladder if you don't urinate regularly, and you will also have to keep yourself clean by taking regular saunas - the sound of flies buzzing around your head can get very annoying if you don't.In order to fund your endeavours, you have a vacuum truck at your disposal with which you can take jobs emptying the sewage tanks of the local residents, and you can chop and deliver firewood.  Meanwhile, the local mechanic is always willing to pay a generous price for any scrap vehicles you find.  Not only will this pay for food and drink, but you'll also be able to upgrade your car with numerous mods, such as spoilers, sports mufflers, alloy rims, metallic paint, and many many more.  You'll also have the opportunity to enter your car into the weekly rallying competition.You'd think living in the pleasant surroundings of the Finnish countryside wouldn't pose much of a risk.  You'd be wrong - other road users are shockingly bad and won't hesitate to end your game by ploughing into your newly-built car at full speed.  Even without the demon drivers, the country roads are, at best, hazardous, and it's all too easy to flip your vehicle if you're not careful.My Summer Car is the perfect game for masochists, but even if you're not it's still worth a look.  The game has a great sense of humour and you'll probably learn a thing or two about cars along the way, though you might want to think twice if you're prone to ragequitting."
76561198032331340,Recommended,516750,26409554,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Talynn67,"Building Computers is one of my Hobbies, but before I did that I worked on cars for fun.  This game has it down, right down to the most finiky details.  I assembled the engine no problem, I know how to do that, since it didn't give me an option to set the Camshaft or distributor timing I assumed oh it's more of a simple piece it together.  Nope, You have to set the valve lash on the rocker arms.  My car ran like crap till I learned that was a thing that was included in this game.  It helps if the whole thing is not yet messed with, get the engine in get it started and idling.  Then pull the rocker cover while it's running and you want to scroll down on the mouse wheel to loosen them one at a time till they chatter or make a ticking sound then scroll up once till they are quiet again.  If they chatter initially then you have to scroll down to loosen them up.  After they are all set reset the rocker cover, bolt it down then check your oil! You will have lost some from running with the valve cover off.  In real life you would use feeler gauges and turn the crank manually with everything off and not pull a valve cover while the car is running ever.The short version is it threw me a curve I wasn't expecting but I am glad it surprised me like that it was some issue I had to figure out on my own."
,Recommended,516750,26243927,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Mekanizm,Oh my god. You can't get more of a Finland experience than in this game.
,Recommended,516750,26245165,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,woosh,nyt oon alan ammattilainen
,Recommended,516750,26278089,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Fraz,-Spend 6 hours bulding a car-car wont start and have no idea why-exit game and restart♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198089884862,Recommended,516750,26719488,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BONZİ BUDDY,i tried 4 times to go to the store:get hit by random carget there but die from thirstget hit by copsget hit by a random car againwhen i able get to the store some random car hit me while i was going backso buy this game
,Recommended,516750,26317953,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Rick (Lars Kuck),"I saw the YouTuber Robbaz play this game on his channel.(https://youtu.be/LNkLhED5Elw)He made the game look like so much fun! I barely had the specs to run it but I played it anyway and I got around 20fps with lowest settings! There were no noticible glitching with the graphics due to my underpowered laptop. This game can run on a potato, which is great for those who don't have the best gaming pc. Now onto the gameplay, it's solid.PROS:-Solid FPS for lower end computers and amazing FPS for amazing computers!-The jobs are fun and pay well.-The selection of pre-made vehicles are fun to drive.-The physics are realistic and the body panel damage seems accurate.-The AI is very well scripted. They will drive on the roads and the highways like normal but they will also pass you if you're going too slow as well. They can be a little weird and just crash into the ditch for no reason but I think it adds comedy to the game.-The engine building mechanics are solid and fun.-The shop is very realistic and has almost everything you need.-The car mechanics are very fun to use and drive.-The already included compatibility for steering wheels is impressive.CONS:-Trying to find the right sized wrench was very boring and took the fun out of the game.-Could not figure out how to use the engine hoist.-Lacks guides which explain game mechanics that are unclear.-Could not figure out how to use the sauna or shower.-Sometimes the cars would start to slide to one direction while driving for no reason.-The road you drive on into town is very difficult to drive on and I have crashed on them many times.-I found it hard to keep your thirst and hunger bar empty.-The shop was never open while I start to starve and dehydrate.-Food vanished too quickly.-No options to change the volume.-Bad gamepad support, cannot map my gamepad to look around while walking or driving.-No ingame musicDespite all of these cons, these are minor annoyances and can easily be forgiven. I would recommend this game, but make sure you know what you're doing.EDIT: The best part about this game is that they are updating it constently, with very small downloads. I have experienced an update every day or every three days! Thanks developers!"
76561198152977352,Recommended,516750,26344249,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,MRvein,10/10 great game!
76561198167271732,Recommended,516750,26244499,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,KompuraKimmo,Love it! Most Finnish game ever!
,Recommended,516750,26329831,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,gook bastard,>fly by police checkpoint flashing middle finger at cops>get into high speed pursuit>well ahead of them>engine overheats and seizes>stop in the middle of the road and try to restart car>cop car comes flying in out of nowhere and rearends me going over 140kmh>die>save deleted because permadeath10/10 don't fight the law kiddies
76561198021992918,Recommended,516750,26367140,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Tropical (Frost),"-Engine build fail, swears ""P u s s y""-Got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and drank a full case of beers swear again "" Oh, P u s s y""-Got in in the van drunk then swears  at van, "" Go to P u s s y, Satan""-Turns engine on!-Release hand break.-Step on the gas full all the way in and says "" Satan?!-Next day on CNN, ""Young Male dies in a Van Crash""Pretty sure Satan, heard him calling his name and took him home.Will press F to pay Respect on Satan Next time. ""Vikto""Really promising game 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26368926,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mordecai,its a pretty fun game it can be stressful if you don't know what you are doing.I do wish this was a co op game so I can have a friend help me build the car.
,Recommended,516750,26330620,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Trace,It was all fun and games until I drowned in raw sewage. 10/10
76561198067414476,Recommended,516750,26284316,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ski Mask The Slump God,great game i rate it 8 out of 7 cuz u can experience the finnish culture in a very truefull way.PS.(plz buy it so we finns can buy more bear and sausage)just do it
,Recommended,516750,26277390,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,El Dingo,"Spent an hour trying to put the spark plugs on the headers10/10, would waste more of my life trying to build a car"
,Recommended,516750,26368096,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,MiniBiggi,"Very interesting, very time consuming. It appears to take a minimum of 10 minutes to get clean via sauna, which to me is EXTREMELY annoying, I don't want to waste my time in the game's sauna. It has a shower. Let me use it, instead of the tap below it."
,Recommended,516750,26205068,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,antonio,"Just amazing! Bought this game, fixed my car three hours in a row and got drunk. Woke up in the middle of the forest! 11/10 would buy"
,Recommended,516750,26209148,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,к͒н͊,"Not easy, but very fun.  would recommend"
76561198088579320,Recommended,516750,26255938,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,boxman,"Even though this game is basically a parody of 90s rural Finland, it is real great deal of fun and has the most realistic and detailed car building simulation of any game I have seen.You literally have to assemble every single part of the engine as well as the car and on top of this it also a open world game with survival mechanics as well as other little missions you can do to earn money.For this price it is a must buy even if you do not know anything about cars."
,Recommended,516750,26263507,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,kromeboy,"For an early access game My Summer Car is at the current state playable and enjoyable, but: is the game for you?My Summer Car is a hardcore Finnish rural live simulator with survival elements, and a car building, tuning, and driving simulator.Hardcore Live Simulator with survival elements: you need to drink, eat, and sleep, pee, and optionally wash yourself in the sauna. The food can be bought at the store that at about 2 km from your house. You can only walk, so you need to drive to the store on an old diesel van that handle poorly on of road, and if you crash into a three or another car you are done game over (if you had enabled permadeath). You have no minimap or compass, and the night is pitch dark. You start with a little money that are enough to buy food for the time you need to assemble the car.Car building: of course you could spend your days drinking beer and contemplating nature, but the main goal of the game is obviously assemble the junk of a car that lies in your backyard. Assembling the car is a puzzle like ""Car Mechanic"" but on steroid. You have to build the engine from parts, you have to assemble the framing to the monocoque, install the suspensions, brakes, radiator... then put the engine in the car using the crane. is a hell of a job. You can find tutorials online, but is more fun to have some trial and error.Car tuning: just because you have somewhat assembled the car it doesn't mean that she will run. You of course need fuel, coolant, oil, and brake fluid. Without coolant the engine will overheat and catch fire, if you forgotten to tight some bolt parts of the engine will came of, if you don't have fluid in your brake system or if they are connected incorrectly the car won't stop. You also need to tune the carburetor and the valves in order to optimize speed and fuel consumption.Car driving: once your car is ready another fun part begin: driving around. The driving model is not great but is funny and there are multiple thing that can go wrong: also if you crash and die you have to start again.I find My Summer Car as one of the light game that you can play while listening to podcast or radio (there is also a working radio). Of curse the game at the current state has some glitches, but is playable for an early access game. I think that the price is right if this is your particular brand of vodka."
76561198175475058,Recommended,516750,26327447,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,preludeking544,i love this game cant wait for more contant keep up the good work never give up on this game you have somthing good here :)
76561198034573935,Recommended,516750,26334472,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Gabe,"Love it! My Summer car takes a diffrent approach when it comes to Simulation. You have to figure out everything which is what alot of games today don't give me the ability to. Instructions and tutorials are fun but sometimes you wanna figure out things for yourself. Epic humor, and freedom to do just about anything but world domination. I do say it's great to figure out things for yourself but the car and engine construction I need it to watch youtube tutorials but I never save my game when it comes to bulding things or figure out what to do because I enjoy learning them. Because I got lost alot i decided to take a screenshot of the map and print it off so now i can find the places i need to. I can see many great ideas for the game."
,Recommended,516750,26342186,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,The Ghost,"Let's start off by saying I thought this game was just building a car. Well its not, you have to eat, sleep, and go and use the bathroom. You can even get drunk. Also if you crash a car and die thats it you have to restart all over. So dont die in the game! I know the game is in beta, so there are bugs. One thing I dislike is theres no map that you can bring up. Its only at your house on a wall. So i printed out a map to get to places I need.One of the best features is you have to build car from gound up and have to know where parts go! Also you have to select the correct wrench! Theres different sizes to! So thats pretty amazing. Also the game isnt a graphics hog so its easy to run!NOTE: If you want a game that pisses you off and gets you mad this is the game! Only problem is if you take your car into town and a driver hits you it respawns you at your house. Without your car so you have to walk over a hour IN REAL LIFE TIME just ot get another car....Great game just needs the bugs worked out! And a Map you can bring up!!"
76561198031217282,Recommended,516750,26377702,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,casperorillian,"This is one of those games where every new game you learn something new, it took me longer than i care to admit to find the handbrake on the van but once I did I managed to go shopping, ran into trouble in the way back but handled that on the next go, this game will require a decent time commitment but i am happy to do so as I dont know of anything, even car mechanic games that go into the sheer amount of detail in putting a car together, so I would recommend getting this then spending some time reading the wiki then playing the game."
76561197971018454,Recommended,516750,26401452,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,DYNAMIITTI LESBO,"- Get the sauna going, drink a few beers- Assemble the engine, think that you did a pretty good job- Forget the engine plate and water pump- Decide to work on the chassis instead, think that you did a pretty good job- Run out of beer and sausage, hop in to the van and go to the store- Get lost, decide to just drive around- Figure out how to change gears, die in a car crash five seconds later"
,Recommended,516750,26426247,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,A Russian Guy,"This is straight up genious!The graphics are cool, they work really well with the irony in the game. And what goes for humour, I think it's the first time I've laughed so hard, dying in a game, without it being a bug or a cool GTA stunt. The mechanics are fine, the overall keybindings is easy to use and learn, while a little brief of the possibilities in the game, would have been great, but overall an simple and brilliant game, with so much potential and content to add."
76561197961852910,Recommended,516750,26467294,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Bender the DevoMiezer,"This game, even this early, is wonderful. It gives the atmosphere of 1995 Summer Finnland. The core of the game is assembling a little old hatchback. But you also need to survive. Eat, drink, sleep and work.I love that the game doesnt hold your hand, you need to learn how things work.I am enjoying the game as is.I truely do hope this isnt like the majority of early access games and work will continue.And then you have another beer."
76561198120385432,Recommended,516750,26468270,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Mememaster69,didnt pay attention and my bladder exploded. game is horribly optomized but that shouldnt stop you. the music is so bad its great. you cant understand anything. the driving is scary. good luck building anything. this is one of the best games ive played 10 outta 10
76561198094611573,Recommended,516750,26468902,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Iroc12345,"So after 1/2 a dozen tries I finally got to town got the parts I'd need to get the car runninggot the car together and drove out for the first time. After putting the drive gear back in, twice, and forgetting to bolt down the driver's seat I got to the hiway and started to take the car for it's first high speed test. Got to 110Kph and I see one of my tires fly up, I spinout flip 4 times and survive! Then I stumble out of the wreckage of my lovely Satsuma and get hit by the green car with all of the bass. BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,516750,26738075,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,anzza,Finland simulator :D
76561198326600802,Recommended,516750,28890713,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ronkohlhoff,"Fun game, wish a few more jobs and things to do are added later on. also wish that there was a quick save feature or auto save so when your power decides to go out on you, you don't lose half your car build. Hope they add more and really make this game better.  recommended 100 percent to anyone who likes simulator games."
,Recommended,516750,28897356,Posted: 1 January,all,Pizzanomnommer,"first I wanted car mechanic simulator, but my PC is crap so it could not take the graphics, it was also too expensiveI then wanted asseto corrsa, but the graphics were to fancy for my PC, and I was brokethen I wanted to get a car in real life, but the graphics were too fancy, and im poorThis game solved all the problems in my life, even my problem of getting a girlfriend, cause this game is my girlfriend...best acompanied with the following song:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJ0xBCwkg3E"
,Recommended,516750,26214072,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,turtlekunn,"A very nice game, with the car's very enjoyable to drive, and everything else is very, very cool! The game is very well done."
,Recommended,516750,26262650,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Speed Weed,"While very fun and addictive, it does require a lot of polishing. Still recommended if you like car assembly."
,Recommended,516750,26327540,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sceeker,"There is so much to do !In 4 hours I haven't done 5% of the game, there's so much gameplay and stuff to do !There's even dynamic weather and day/light cycles !I really recommend it !"
,Recommended,516750,26347048,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,MDK  Kaopy,This is a pure gem.Drinking peer and sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥has never been so realistic before.
,Recommended,516750,26407233,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,FreddyLuxe,"Been playing for a while before buying it. So my time is not very accurate.I've got a story that will describe exactly what this game is. And this story is what I've just lived in the game.Start a new game, beautiful sun. I drink beer.I know that I will quickly need food so I hop in my truck and go to the village to buy some stuff.While coming back home, a crazy punk almost hit my car but instead, he hit the car in front of me, causing an accident that I nearly miss.Arrived at home, I start looking at my summer project when suddently, I hear the phone ringing.""Hello?""""Hello sir, I'd like to buy some firewood. Can you deliver me a flatbed worth of wood?""""Sure, I'll be there tomorrow morning!""I take a beer and drink it... then another, then another... Starting to feel the effects...I go out to my barn and start splitting logs with my axe.Then I prepared the flatbed using the tractor.The next morning, I deliver the firewood and I get paid.I use the rest of the day working on my car.I took a few days to work on my engine, breaks wheels...Then the phone is ringing again. Now I need to go pump poo out of the sewer.The phone rings again, same mission, same village.""Wow!"" I said to myself.""I can fill up 2 contracts that's neat.""I quickly check my hunger, thirst and fatigue. Everything seems OK.I take the big truck and I'm on my way.Got some trouble on the way and the truck seemed to be extremely slow (around 40kmh). Something I do not understand yet.... So it took a while going to the village. Arriving there, it was almost the night.I do both contracts and I notice my fatigue bar is full and red.Then my thirst.Then my hunger.I try to drink some beer to calm the hell down.Then I hop in my truck and head back home, hoping I will get there before I die.Once midway into the woods I tell myself ""Yeah I'm not far, I'll do it!""Then my truck starts to make some weird sounds...I look at my gaz level...... 0I was in the middle of nowhere, in the middle of the night and my truck is dead, as well as my hope for survival.I tried to run back home, but it was dark, I quickly got lost and died from a cardiac arrest.Never take this game for granted kids! Never!10/10 for the great gameplay this game is awesome, yet extremely frustrating haha"
,Recommended,516750,26466608,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dazziv,"This is the first time I've ever felt the need to review a game on steam, and can only say this game is an absolute steal at 15 bucks.  So much fun and can't wait to see what lies ahead in future updates"
76561198054786748,Recommended,516750,26494937,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Bennieboy29,"I mean, I love this game, i played this because I like car games.This is one of my favorite. But you cannot save the game, you have to go back to your house to save it.So exaly you have to restart... if someone can respond on this, that would be nice.I asked a refund because of that reason...Maybe if someone can give me more information, than I might be playing it agian...."
,Recommended,516750,26217591,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Crom,"Warning! Contains overload of Finnish humor and not sure if it's good for anyone.Best, most detailed and craziest ""crap""... I meant to say summer...  car building simulator.Best and only(?) Ostrobothnia-Finland countryside simulated world. Damn, that feeling is real.People say that it's sometimes hard to say difference between a madman and a genius. In this case, I think it's plain obvious that person who did this must be both. I salute you sir, excellent work!"
,Recommended,516750,26248062,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Baron von Pain,"I hope this game continues its development straight to the end, because this is fantastic.  It's a survival car building game.  Many people are saying it's like Jalopy with booze, and I feel that is right to a point, but I would say it's almost like the difference between Unturned and H1Z1.  Besides the graphical differences, there is an element of fear to this game that isn't present in Jalopy.  Judging from seeing other people play, gameplay videos and my own time in the game, it seems that the sense of dread is very real and you only occassionally fail to remember that you are in a permadeath situation where many things can go wrong that aren't related to zombies, monsters or anything else that video games have trained us to fear.  It works on many levels.Also, you can build a car in your garage and drive around drunk...like Jalopy, with booze.27/27"
,Recommended,516750,26255819,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,foist | hellshigh,"A surprisingly deep and compelling early access survival game, where your main objective is to build, maintain, and customize your car on top of managing your own needs. You will also need to do oddjobs involving your other vehicles, like a septic truck, to earn more cash. From physically tightening each bolt, to literally assembling an engine from scratch, you are hands on all the time. No menus, no assistance.I did not expect to get this into the game. After blowing up 3 engines trying to get them put together properly and dying multiple times in horrific drunken accidents on the way to and from the store, I keep happily restarting and building the entire thing again and again, taking extra care to make sure it is right this time. It's something different, sure it has the survival elements but its uniquely its own game. The developer has very clearly put a ton of his heart and soul into this game, and I am excited to see where it goes from here."
76561198050020432,Recommended,516750,26258163,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Nilkando,"Best and most entertaining single player I've played for years. Yes it has bugs and it is really challenging but it is also incredibly rewarding. There is no feeling like starting the engine for the first time after you have had to start from beginning multiple times because you have died on the way to the store or drowned to poop while emptying cesspit.The driving may feel difficult or glumsy at first, especially with keyboard, but then again, try doing 110kph with 80s Toyota Hiace on a narrow dirtroad. It ain't supposed to be easy. With G27 steering wheel, H-shifter and working pedals the driving is much easier and incredible fun.After building the car for few times now it gets actually pretty easy, one might say it is even too easy but that guy hasn't tried tuning the engine yet. I thought that building is too easy and went tuning the valves. On the testdrive pistons went flying  through the oilpan and now I'm taking the engine apart to see the damages and repair them.This early access has huge potential and unlike most early access games, I think this one will actually grow up to its potential and be finished one day."
,Recommended,516750,26260349,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GameADayGamer,"EDITED TO SHOW OFF THE NEW UPDATE!! This game is fantastic, a MUST purchase if you are a fan of building/life sims, racers, and first person perspective games!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFOhBiu7W5Ehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TKf2fWWEjMYou could say I have been consumed. I am in love with this game. I cant believe how cool this game is. SO cool I made a web-series to help you build the car.. Let those and the other MSC vids on my channel convince you why you should own it if my words cannot. Eleven-teen stars way up!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2sFMTwtrHAwhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kIg6kymukZEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vCKPHybX8EUhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XM0UjlAeMAAhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4aY-3D32_whttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2E_Uxq5kZw"
,Recommended,516750,26375463,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,MineBeast64 RustyPot.com,"At 30 hours in I got my car just as I wanted it. It took 4 attempts to build the car without destroying it or the engine missing something. I admit it, it's challenging but worth all the trouble. The feeling when you are driving with your self built car it's amazing. As a Finn I can absolutely recommend this game to especially Finns, but for foreign people, this game suits perfectly too. It's the ultimate car building, survival and Finland simulator. It's as accurate description of Finnish life and car building as a game can be. I can only recommend trying it out and testing it for yourself"
76561198029879477,Recommended,516750,26408283,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Soup,"Day 1:  Drink a few beers... eat some sauage... hop in van an drive around getting hungry find gas station buy more beer an sausage... hey look a fan belt ill get that too... fuilds for my car Ill pick that up too pay for all this stuff toss it in van start drive back to house... cant remember where that is but so what... hear some loud music as i'm driving back home (maybe) see green dot coming towards me coming in hot... wow did it just come into my lane???  OH♥♥♥♥♥♥!!  It DID come in my lane... oh look i'm dead...Day 1: drink some beer eat some sausage... open garage doors see tons of parts this could be fun... start putting together parts manage to get engine together an on hoist... start putting tires on car so I can push it into garage... oh hey I should maybe eat something after all this beer... crap dont have any food here... guess Ill get in van an see if I can find that gas station... should remember to get that fan belt I forgot about,... die of starvation on way to get food...Day 1:  Hop in van... drive to gas station... grab fan belt, fluids for car food... LOTS OF BEER... pack everything up... start drive back home... wow this van gets loose at 100... hey is that a horse???  Nope that was a Moose... Dead again...Day 1: van store food parts WOOOT made it home finaly...  want to kill myself cause I cant find that damn fly....  put stuff away and start to put car together... wow thats alot of damage from walking near the car... oh well its a crappy car anyway... should get some sleep.... oh wait phone is ringing... lol some♥♥♥♥♥hat wants a flatbed of 'firewoods'  head to bed...Day 2: get up pee in kitchen.... whatever ill clean that later where is that goddamn fly... an how do I clean myself shower doesn't work... hey look a sauna... well Ill see if that cleans me up fill bucket with water dip spoon in toss water on floor... maybe if I stand to side of coals... nope water on floor again... GD FLIES....  oh wait maybe I should turn on the heater duh... there we go... water on floor again♥♥♥♥♥♥..  hmmm maybe if i put spoon right over the coals, that was it HEY LOOK I got a bit cleaner... need more water ok that worked clean again... I need to pee again... crap dirty again F it ill do that later... phone is ringing again some kids dad is drunk an wants me to suck crap? WTF  start back on car parts again.... ok engine back on hoist ill push car into garage now...♥♥♥♥♥♥car is half in pit... manage to get van backed up to car an notice I can put a tow rope on... need sleep....Day 3: get up clean up eat drink tap water♥♥♥♥♥♥all over table head out to van manage to pull car out of pit... hey look I can move hoist an engine without car in garage... well whatever... manage to get engine in car put fluids in car hop in start car.... WOW that sounds like gravel in a garbage dissposal...  ok well time to tune it up I guess lets see valves are ticking so lets start there... wow belt is REALLY SQUEELING too ill get that later... crap car died... wtf why wont it start now... oh hey look battery is dead...Day 4: food beer car will not start....Day 5: Food Beer ok car started valves stopped ticking... bout that belt crap car died....Day 6: food beer hey look I found a tractor with forks and a trailer an I can chop fir... ""FIREWOODS"" LOL  sweet fill up trailer with firewoods heh heh still funny...  where did that guy say he lived oh wait he didn't hmmm maybe it marks it on that map by the phone... drive up to house ok there are two darts in the map one is...♥♥♥♥♥♥I don't know... hmmm well that one looks like its far enough to be by the gas station ill go there first... hmm bout half way to gas station in my tractor gas is almost on empty guess I should have brought that gas can I saw back at the house... oh well Ill just wave down one of these cars... damn no way to wave or put thumb up... heh heh middle finger doesn't seem to help either... maybe if I stand in the road more... nope now i'm dead....Day 1:  Put gas can in van drive to get gas fill up van open gas can...♥♥♥♥♥♥this is a gas can... cant put diesel in a gas can... fill up gas can for car yeah thats the ticket I brought it for the car.... get fan food beer head back to house hey look someone on side of road hope I dont hit him from being so loose wow that was a cop and there are his friends AHHHHDay: 1 put gas can in van, find diesel can by firewoods (still funny) drive to gas station fill up load up drive back to cops stop this time... ok wants to see if i've been drinking... nope all good there wait wtf he is handing me a ticket? wtf for? 126km in a 100km ok I guess van is faster then I thought... well how much is this going to cost me... WTF its over 8000 I just got gas an food a parts and♥♥♥♥♥♥for less then 2000 how the F#%# is 26 over that much... F it its day 1 ill start over... just remember to stay away from these murder death kill cops and there dirty tickets....Time passes:Day 7: ok so I got the car together and tuned up cant get rid of the damn flies bout 200 left to spend... time to find mr firewoods but now there is like 6 darts in the map but alot of them are the crap collection ones... ill do that instead ok found a crap spot... back truck up to hole pull out hose how do I get the hose in that hole hmmm ok grab the end walk to hole drop hose hmm didn't go in maybe if I get closer.... ok drowning in crap.... @#(&*#@)&*@#($*&@#$&*@#)(@#*&@@#(&*$@&#@()#&@)#(*&$#(*&$@#)($&@#(&@#(*&#@($)*@#&$()@#*)&(@#*^(#@)^@#()*&@#)($*&@#$)(*^#@(@#*&^$@(#^*$@#()$^@#($*^&@#()*@#^&$)(@#*&$(@)#&*$@#(*&$@#)(*&@#)($*&#@($*&@#(*&@#$(#&*@(@#*&@(#))*&@#(*&$@#()*&@#(*&(*&@()*&#@($*&@#(@&#*()@*#&(@#*&@(#*&@(#*&@#()&*@#(*&$#@(*&$@#()$*&@#($*&#@($*&@#(*&@#($*&@#$(*@&#$(@#*&(#@*&Day 1:...."
76561198069066580,Recommended,516750,26409892,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,RedBush,"I think this is one of the best concepts for a game I've seen in a while. Its what Car Mechanic Sim could've/ should've been. Just needs a little more english, maybe an easier way to get around, and some kind of guide built into the game to help you build your car. I think some kind of book or blueprint type of thing would be a great help, however you can find a ton of this info from youtube, steam guides, ect."
76561197972263216,Recommended,516750,26411513,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,GoatScrote,"Unique gameplay, definitely challenging. Lots of trial and error! I freaking love this game...haven't experienced any bugs so far even though it is still early in development. A lot of fun...highly recommended."
76561197964184023,Recommended,516750,26411709,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Hans.K.Persson,"LOVE the game same time I Really HATE it.took about 10hours to learn the basic and lots of Construction guides took me about 24hours befor I got my first car running after alot of Deaths and misshaps,there is alot of good parts with this game but cant really put my finger on it,and alot of bad things but Hey its alpha, and run awsome on GTX 970 (4K rez)overwight to buy or not? got the cash? buy it, if not wait couple of weeks and see how the updates is"
76561197967267718,Recommended,516750,26417966,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,zlatanfish,I love the very detailed engine and chasis building + you can tune and upgrade your car after its finished.
,Recommended,516750,31344506,Posted: 24 April,all,Highway To The Fader Zone,Addictive and entertaining while equally frustrating. I love this game even if it may make me want to smash my head through a wall at times. I definetly reccommend
76561198007843962,Recommended,516750,26206207,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Thorili,"Video Review of my thoughts is here:https://youtu.be/-rg1Tq8vuFUI did not play in the beta, my first experience has been with purchasing it as an Early Access.  That being said they seemed to have delivered on what they said they would on building the car and being able to drive it.Pros:- In depth building of the car(s)- Handling is pretty good- Controls are easy once you get used to them.- Good time wasterCons:- Need knowledge of how a car goes together- Perma death (hopefully a setting to turn this off in the future)"
,Recommended,516750,26547130,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,QbertTheKiller,"Warning, this is a lot of text, and is mostly disorganized rambling from my ~17 hours of game time.  Skip to the bottom for my summary.-----------------------This game has created more immersion for me than any other game. I learned how to service my own real life car from this game. It's abundantly clear this game is a labor of love.On the surface, you have what looks like the graphics of a horror walking simulator. Average and basic Unity engine graphics effects. Not great there, but gets the job done.Once you learn some of the unorthodox controls (J to push, O to hitchhike, and P to... Pee.)  you'll have a bit of a laugh.  The game shines when you use the controls it gives you to do mundane real life tasks. Let me explain.So let's say you want to get into your van or car, and go to the store to get groceries.You get ready to leave, turn off the lights , close the door, open the garage door, maybe take a few items by hand.   You walk to your van, open the passenger side door. You put your flashlight down on the seat, and an envelope for a car parts order is laying on the dashboard, covered in dust and has a footprint on it, reminding you of your lifestyle and where you live.  You close the door of the van, go around, open the driver side door, and get in.When you get into a vehicle in this game, it does not start with ""press E"" to enter. You walk into the cab. You... Board, the vehicle.  You are now sitting in the drivers seat. You can reach over to the passenger side by just moving. Like real life.  You are outstretched trying to open the passenger side window, or picking up something off the floor of the van.  You turn the ignition to ""ACC"" and the lights come to life on your dashboard.  After a few seconds, you're ready.When you start the engine of either of the vehicles, the actual mechanical workings of the engines are simulated. For the van, you have glow plugs that need to heat up, because you are in an early 80's van and THIS IS NOT EASY.  When you start the car, sometimes you need to pump the gas to give it some motivation.I won't get into what it's like building the car. Just imagine building a car in real life, except you can't lose bolts in the engine bay.   Once it is built however, if it's built WELL, the car will serve you for whatever purpose you built it for.If it's built badly, you might not get further than the driveway of your house, or the intersection down the road.Some failures that the car can run into:Coolant overheatingengine falling out of engine bay due to not being attached to the frame properlyfan belt snapsoil overheatingengine siezingengine CATCHING FIREfuel CATCHING FIRE.carburettor not tuned properly, causing either fuel starvation, or backfiring.valve timing not tuned properly ,causing the most annoying ticking noises I have ever heard ever (long term this can cause bigger problems)Some of the funnier failures I've had were stuff I forgot to bolt. I've left the drive way to have doors fall off, wheels fall off, suspension on one side to give out (looked hilarious)accidentily punched the windshield out.  steering wheel detached itself,  handbrake fell through floor of car,  dashboard fell off when picking up a buddy from the pub.  You get the picture.---------------------------I will lay it out short and sweet after that wall of text:  If you are mildly interested in either cars, engineering, or a highly immersive experience, GET THIS GAME.I only hope we see more robust options of activities in this game, to keep it fresh for a longer time.  You'll EASILY get your 13-16 (however much it may be going forward) dollars out of this game."
76561198061993041,Recommended,516750,32895512,Posted: 27 June,all,javi4881,there is a urine meter
,Recommended,516750,26954188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeathWrangler,AMAZING
76561197985158007,Recommended,516750,27308821,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,P3TR|,One of the most fun games i have played in a while. Building your own car from scratch while enjoying finnish summer activities is surprisingly fun.
,Recommended,516750,26237251,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jim Lahey,absolutely amis
,Recommended,516750,26787576,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vulltion,you drake - take a likkle trink of the peer while you able to massturpate to cars and car culture and and shiny paints and lifestyle that you're never going to have tis game is not like those games this game is about realism only thing you massturpate to is a gurrl pictureh 'cus that's all you get you don't massturbateh to this car because that's sick and that's what this game is about this is car kameh with realism with world
,Recommended,516750,28913766,Posted: 1 January,all,ckings,"Spend 6+ hours building my engine then car. install it all, check everything. add fuel. turn the key!! it starts! hoorah! knowing i have no oil, coolant etc in the vehicle i only let it run for 2 seconds then shut it off.Hop into the blue van and start speeding my way off down the road / track hoping to find the store. come to a cross roads, go right (not a clue which way to go!) come off the road, hit a tree and die. Get my name in the paper.... think to myself, its ok i can continue from my save, get the bits i need then drive my car :D yes my hard work will pay off.no.new game time. unable to carry on from my save point.10/10, would drive like a 17 yr old corsa M9 on his way to maccys with his girlfriend in the car again."
76561198149914498,Recommended,516750,28114940,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,yamahabiker94,"Spend 10 hours building car.Meticulously checks every last nut and bolt before firing engine.Fill all the fluids.IT STARTS! IT RUNS! ITS.....knocking?.....And piston #3 goes boom.Cant afford the repair at the mechanic.Guess i should have installed the oil filter..10/10 from a car geek. Fantastic game if you love building and maintaining cars,"
,Recommended,516750,32531347,Posted: 18 June,all,m0untain,"Though this game is still in early access, it is still very funThe PhysicsThe physics really make me laugh.  It can be so random at points which catches you off guard.  Sometimes it can be funny, some times it can be annoying.  For example i was driving the truck on the dirt road and i slid off it.  I just thought ""That's fine, I'll just go back on.""  Nope.  I reverse 2 meters and die for no reason at all.  That's annoying.  But other times it is quite funny.GameplayThe gameplay on My Summer Car for it being in early stages is really good.  For a start, the build of the car and upgrading it is really in-depth.  Also the other small aspects of the game, like going to the shop, getting stopped by the police, going to the bar, drinking beer, having a sauna instead of a shower, emptying people's crap silos, chopping wood and delivering it to people and making your own drink.  It just makes the game all that better.My ThoughtsIn my opinion, this game is great.  If this is it in early stages, it will be an amazing game when it is fully released.  Just hope the developers don't ditch it.  Overall, if you are into cars, get this game.  I guarantee you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,516750,27806796,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Grimmy [FIN],In-Depth car building with lots and lots of alcohol
,Recommended,516750,26309857,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Azael,"""Huh, this seems interesting...""""Oh okay, I have to do this, in this order..""""Wait.. what? Oh for crying out loud..""""Yeaaah! I bolted a thing!""""Argh.""""ARGHHH.""""OMFG COME ON WTF?!""7 hours and 9 rebuilds later""COME. ON. WTF. WHY DID THAT KILL ME? THIS IS RIDICULOUS. THIS VAN IS USELESS. WHY CAN'T I JUST GET SOME GROCERIES?!""But then, you bring the groceries home. Your car doesn't explode. You pee on a sauna.10/10 for satisfaction gained from the most mundane things.10/10 for dying by falling in a turd well."
,Recommended,516750,33135091,Posted: 2 July,all,d0ge,"Pretty nice, you can build a car if you want to. You can just chill and drink beer, drive a boat, van, truck, tractors or motorbikes. Pretty good game, they keep adding content, and its super fun."
,Recommended,516750,33106122,Posted: 1 July,all,Innokentij,Great game with alot more content then you might think if you try to do everything and get all achievements. I enjoyed it alot.
76561198059852867,Recommended,516750,26345014,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,The_Bearded_Man U_M_G™,"just got the game.... didnt get very far..wanted to put car together.... i put the lights on...... drank a few beers.....then the phone rang.guy wanted firewood.... oh yeah? so i swore at him a couple times and hung up. drank a few beers and i thought why not give the fire wood thing a try for a little while... cut some wood... then i cut some wood WITH wood... drank some more beer. it was getting dark i ate all the food i had.... and i only had a couple beers left so i drank them and grabbed my van to go find a store so i could get some more food and beer.... but instead i found the mechanic's shop.... and i saw what must be his car....and i couldnt go in because he was closed..... so i stole his car, did burnouts, and was going as fast as i could down the freeway.... but sadly i lost control of the car and died....10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,516750,26344662,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Cheeki Breeki,">first run>ok. let's go somewere.>f*ck. Why so slow? Can I run?>nevermind, that's ok>can i get to that car?>yay>ffs doesnt work>let's try some beer>drinks>burps>throws bottle away>me dying from laughter>drinks 23 bottles of beer>ok, let's p*ss>shakes camera>gets achievement>lol>second attempt with car>destroys windshield>crap>ok f*ck this...after some vids on YT>finally got it>weeeee>yaaaaay>can i use that radio?>accidentally leaves the road>epic flip>staying alive...>f*cking 1000000kms from home....>turned upside down>f*ck this s*it i'm out>tactical ragequit11/10 would P ERKELE all dayPS I didn't know that P E R K E L E is swear on steam"
,Recommended,516750,26220666,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,DasGetarnteKadse,"best game ever made, 10/10 would drink my own♥♥♥♥♥♥againVROOOOOOOOOOOOMM!!!!"
,Recommended,516750,26220874,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,The Danger,torille
,Recommended,516750,26345092,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,dmitchy,Just wowamazingmust try right now
,Recommended,516750,32894400,Posted: 27 June,all,Crema,Jogo legal de gordo
,Recommended,516750,32679661,Posted: 23 June,all,Shika,Doing my groceries when some guy parked in a car outside starts talking smack. What do I do? The only sensible thing! I♥♥♥♥♥♥in his window.
,Recommended,516750,26250381,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,niketin,"This is the best game ever! I really mean it. You can:-Get drunk-pass out-crash to someone-pick up friends from bar-build your own car-get drunkand the last but not least, get drunk.Dont waste any second on thinking buying this game! Just do it!"
,Recommended,516750,32995722,Posted: 29 June,all,Krycek,Started GameWent to shop to buy BeerRan over outside shop by drunk driver10/10
76561198048033349,Recommended,516750,33140387,Posted: 2 July,all,リサフランク420,nice
76561198106942124,Recommended,516750,30861574,Posted: 31 March,all,topline730v8,Great game unlike anything I've ever played before. A fairly accurate similation of life in rural Finland in the 90s.
76561198093338881,Recommended,516750,30970727,Posted: 5 April,all,MarkTheAmazing,P E R K E L E
76561198184381874,Recommended,516750,32674013,Posted: 23 June,all,its ya boy landie,Recomended to people who would like a car themed challenge. Not recomended to anybody with zero patience for ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,516750,31219459,Posted: 18 April,all,MrDontCare,"This is one of the coolest and most fun game I have played for a long time.Your parents are gone on vacation leaving the house in you're care.You build you're summer car from part's in you're garage, take it for a spin when you're done.But to do that you have to work for it to make cash so you can fix the car. Pump♥♥♥♥♥♥from the neighbor or make moonshine (kilju) and sell it to you're friend the alcoholic.Take part in the dirt rally every weekend, cruise around and be ""nice"" to dude in the yellow car :pEDiT: To much alpha for me now. The car break to easily and the mechanic do not fix the car when you drop it of. You get the call to pick up the car, but it's still broken so for now am pretty done whith this game."
76561198327663937,Recommended,516750,33639941,Posted: 18 July,all,OG>>Kush420,On my summer car you should add a bigger pub and more people in itAnd it's a really fun game I'm a big fan of itRemember (BIGGER pub) ty
76561198051450148,Recommended,516750,33382408,Posted: 8 July,all,drewforty,Great game for people who hate themselves like me.
,Recommended,516750,33566514,Posted: 15 July,all,Phoenix,"1st play through rolled car but lived, couldnt get the damn van back on its wheels, restarted.....2nd play through had to dodge 2 psycho NPC drivers ran straight into a tree, blood splatter filled my screen..GG can't wait to see how i don't survive going to the shops next time XDIGN 8/10"
76561198124234992,Recommended,516750,33666425,Posted: 19 July,all,IcelandicFartPolice,best. game. evaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
,Recommended,516750,33758862,Posted: 23 July,all,Shbeefy Sham,Build car> Go to the race rally thing> Perma death is on> Fall off road and hit tree> die> 9/10 fun game.
76561198353386175,Recommended,516750,33722820,Posted: 22 July,all,poppybirrell93,FUN
76561198009569336,Recommended,516750,33586011,Posted: 16 July,all,TheOlli,FEELS GOOD MAN
76561198074642365,Recommended,516750,28138134,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Aw3s0m3 F1sh,best gaem ever if u dont have it buy it!
,Recommended,516750,30779059,Posted: 27 March,all,Roopert: Detroit's Savior.,"For respecting everyone that isn't into japan, and being a serious motorhead myself, I give this game a perfect 10/10,Button for swearing, Button for flipping off,Punch the windshield with your bare hand.Trouble building the car because everything is floaty, or it goes on in a certain order.Trouble starting the Diesel Van because you don't know what the basics of an automobile are.Amazing!"
76561198010702644,Recommended,516750,33620210,Posted: 17 July,all,Chuck Nerris,"Best game Ever made, better then Cod and Roblox"
,Recommended,516750,27974356,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Megumi_,"You drink beer and drive over 100kmh in a van, watch out for the Green car♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198148009694,Recommended,516750,30875535,Posted: 1 April,all,Chicken Noodle Soup,The game makes me rage alot but it is still a very awesome game nonetheless
,Recommended,516750,33223355,Posted: 4 July,all,Paradise5228,Such an amazing game! I've stayed up for hours playing!
76561198324050211,Recommended,516750,33235093,Posted: 4 July,all,[FG]Fox,Its recommended because you can do diffrent things with the game
,Recommended,516750,28111383,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Capt. Hex Fawx,"I've worked on alot of cars in my day but nothing as painfull as this.That said, it is an immense ammount of fun to put that mess together and finally hear it run.solid 10/10 even at this stage."
76561197986881985,Recommended,516750,32698548,Posted: 23 June,all,doctor_hillbilly,"I spent 15 minutes trying to figure out what I was doing wrong with trying to drive the van. Hit some random keys, broke out the windshield. Opened the door and tossed the broken windshield out. Put it in gear, didn't move. Put it in reverse, didn't move. Looked around inside the van, trying to figure out what I was doing wrong, and saw the handbrake. Took it off, pressed W to go forward, forgot I was in reverse and backed into something. Hit N by accident when trying to put it back in 1st gear. Uttered ""Summer of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; instead of going forward. Laughed my butt off.Finnish Cursing Simulator 2017.11/10. Would utter ""Summer of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; again."
,Recommended,516750,28062703,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,GeneralSnoopy,This games has a steep learning curve atleast its fun!
,Recommended,516750,28065857,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Hauler,BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEST
,Recommended,516750,29618616,Posted: 31 January,all,NolanOnPCIn144P,"Great game! Better than any Mechanic Simulator I have ever played! Much more indepth, more involved, this game has made me rage more than any other game I have ever played! I cannot recommend this game if you do not know much about cars or have a short attention span, this game requires a lot of attention to detail, and effort, this game will emotionally drain you! If I can recommend one thing, it would be,DISABLE PERMA DEATH WHEN YOU PLAY"
,Recommended,516750,30886295,Posted: 1 April,all,Better By Design,Get rid of the fly and make it so you don't die when you hit something at a speed of 5km/h and it would be great.
76561198079084000,Recommended,516750,27706872,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Keimou,Finland Simulator 5/5
76561198008488433,Recommended,516750,32979617,Posted: 29 June,all,vilgorn,"I've been both laughing and cursing during the 20 hours I've played this game before I decided to write a review. It's kind of fun in the beginning to constantly drink beer, curse and flip everything off, but it sort of gets old pretty fast in a single player game. Probably works fine for a streamer that tries to entertain an audience.TLDRIf you enjoy fiddling around a bit on your own, have basic knowledge on how a combustion engine and a cars suspension and other components are constructed (or want to learn the basics) this could be a game for you. It's a bonus if you think stereotypes are fun, and know about the characteristics of the Finns in that aspect.I got the game on the summer sale and it's still in EA. I paid €11,99 and I have had enough laughs to say it's worth it.LONGAs for for the survival part of the game it's not difficult to keep your urine/thirst/hunger/fatigue/dirtiness in check, the most difficult thing about it to me is to drive unharmed to the store and back again. Many times I have made it to the store but wrecked the car on the way back home. The reason for the car wreck could be anything from going off the narrow dirt roads due to drinving too fast, to having a head on collision with a bus due to fiddling with the radio tuner to see if there is any music to be had. The outcome of the car crashes are usually one of two things, either dying instantly in which case you spawn at your house - but the vehicle and the goods are left on the crash site, or surviving but being unable to use the car because it's overturned. If you survive you need to make your way back home on foot to get one of your other vehicles and tow the crashed one back home, and if you are too far from home you will probably starve to death or die from exhaustion before you get home. It's also a risk to wreck the second vehicle on your way to tow the first one.. that's when you really start cursing IRL.The main ""quest"" in the game is to restore an old car by assembling all the parts that are scattered in your garage. The engine have quite a bit of detail and contains most components that you would see in a real engine. There are some minor problems with the assembly process where you might need to put in one part before the other in a way that you wouldn't do in real life, so it takes a bit of trial and error to get it done. Most parts require that you tighten a couple of nuts or bolts to complete the attachment of the part, and it's a pain to constantly change spanner size to find the one that fits. It would be nice if it was easier to judge/measure the size of the bolt beforehand instead of going through the entire tool box to find the correct one. But in retrospect I must say I really enjoyed assembling the car.The main income source appears to be emptying peoples sewage wells (they call you on the phone saying the well is full). To do this you use a sewage truck which handles pretty good on the road compared to the other vehicles I have driven so far (a small motorbike, the restored car and a small panel truck). It's a bit tricky sometimes to handle the hose of the sewage truck and get it in/out of the well but it act pretty OK physics wise I'd say. Just one thing, don't step too close to the sewage wells..The money is mainly used to buy groceries, different fluids used in the car such as fuel, coolant and oil, and there's upgrade parts available for the restored car (haven't checked that out yet."
,Recommended,516750,26822464,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lvletei,"Best survival game I've ever played. It's fun, and very educational.So far I've learned:how to build an enginehow to put a car togetherFinnish curse wordsDrunk driving is hardDriving in Finland is hardCost of living is rather expensive♥♥♥♥ technovikingMy kitchen in-game looks like my real life kitchen. Empty, depressing, and full of beer.I'm not an alcoholic I'm just Finnish."
,Recommended,516750,26366342,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,NeyoOS,Spent a total of 21 hours so far and i have made 0 progress XD its funny cause i am an auto technician and this game is really difficult to play even though i know what im doing *100/100* you made this game the right way. props man.
,Recommended,516750,33881809,Posted: 29 July,all,Dan,"Highly recomend it, it is a great and fun game of building a car racing it in a rally as well as trying to keep your self alive updates do come out regualy so you will always find new stuff"
76561198013539800,Recommended,516750,33869742,Posted: 28 July,all,SpacePants,Got hit by a train while riding my mini bike to get beer. This game is pure genius. Kiitos paljon!
,Recommended,516750,33799184,Posted: 25 July,all,gameriot58,I love this game and im playing the experimental mode right now. but im extremly frustrated with one area of the game. the grass beside the railroad tracks will catch the the tires of any vehicle and get you stuck. you cant do anything when this happens. i spent 1 hr trying to get on stuck and i couldnt. gret game but beware of this spot
76561198054562272,Recommended,516750,26666478,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Crazeslash,"This game is very fun, been playing for hours, the game gets easy once you got the hang of it."
76561198063124102,Recommended,516750,28057127,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Viralaq1,aWESOME!
,Recommended,516750,28065580,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,LAUR ︻芫═──,the best game
76561198032251854,Recommended,516750,33899978,Posted: 30 July,all,Wraithweave,"So the main thing about this game is a buildable car, which takes 30min to build."
,Recommended,516750,33488275,Posted: 12 July,all,TheBaggyFunTrain,"Great game, spent hours on it, quite realistic (in Finnish terms).The proper Finnland sim!"
,Recommended,516750,33533653,Posted: 14 July,all,cCheerSs,"Best 15 euros I have ever spent.This game have everything. Buildable car, drinkable booze and beer, consumable food, like sausages, pizza and etc., drivable truck, muscle car, boat, van, moped, uptades are coming out every week (stable - once per month). To be honest I haven't seen any game, that would have active developers and community, but this game have it all, I have spent in this game only for maybe 55 hours, but I still have a lot of stuff to do, just look at the trailer, you'll see how awesome this game is. This game is perfect.10000/10"
76561198146977028,Recommended,516750,33813924,Posted: 26 July,all,git gud kid,"As a Finnish person I can tell, this is pretty accurate."
76561198138168641,Recommended,516750,33892171,Posted: 29 July,all,CaligoNight,"*Drops Shock absorber. Shock absorber: ""♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥im out"" *Falls through the world* Me *realizes i havent saved in hours. The neighbors hear eternal screaming*.. Buy this game if you want to have all the fun of building half a car. then ♥♥♥♥ing something up and either dying by crashing into a ♥♥♥♥ing tree because your vehicle cant ♥♥♥♥ing turn and brake at the same time. or an npc is flying down a one lane dirt road the opposite direction as you or you get rear ended on the highway at 130km/h or yknow.. your car glitches while your tightening a bolt on the shock and it flys into ♥♥♥♥ing space.. 100% rage inducing and full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to ♥♥♥♥ your entire day up 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ing lock my brakes up and flip upside down off of a cliff set right on the road and die again"
,Recommended,516750,26200450,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Wondah,"10/10 no regrets. Avoid drinking the vodka in the wood shed, especially if you're gonna drive."
76561198018566323,Recommended,516750,26459703,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Tonimeister,Very good idea for a game! Only thing i hate is some bugs like shopping bag explodes after saving but thats probably gonna get fixed soon. If the game gets more content soon i give it 10/10 but now 9/10
,Recommended,516750,32536394,Posted: 18 June,all,weebic.,"Do you wish you were Finnish?Do you like building a car that will drive five meters then lose all its wheels?Do you like drunk driving?Do you like taking an ""urination"" (steam censoring is responsible for that word) on your work when you're given up on it due to frustration?Fearnot, ""My Summer Car"" is for you."
,Recommended,516750,31862017,Posted: 20 May,all,Uncle♣Yeedman,"I haven't played it that much because there's not alot of content at this time. But the content it has is focken good mate, so buy this game. Now. You might even learn some finnish swearwords lul."
,Recommended,516750,28619733,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MeatRocket8,it es good learn car good nice gam
,Recommended,516750,33835157,Posted: 27 July,all,Morky,Noice
76561198041989431,Recommended,516750,29129124,Posted: 8 January,all,Titanius Anglesmith,"As a Swede who has lived in Finland, this is accurate Finland simulator. Scandinavia simulator even. Only downside is it makes me thirsty for beer every time I play."
,Recommended,516750,26479041,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[CG]A Certain Magical Mod[comtn],Here is a general description of my day in my summer car1.) wake up in a 90's house with no idea what i am doing2.) walk outside to find a blue♥♥♥♥♥♥van and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car3.) spend 20 minutes trying to start the van4.) take a picture of the map so i know how to get to town5.) arrive at town and buy sausages beer and gas6.) while pulling onto the highway i am hit by a big♥♥♥♥♥truckRating 10/10 would be finnish again
,Recommended,516750,26808198,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jord68,"A weird and hilarious little game. If you like the idea of building a car with a surprising amount of detail and with the added life simulator thrown in, you enjoy this game.It has a few bugs to iron out, but this is pretty good for a recently released Early Access game. I think it's well worth the money."
,Recommended,516750,30072033,Posted: 20 February,all,Lord Donald Trump,"This game is amazing. It's silly, unforgiving, and SO much fun to play. let's get into the basics.When you are creating a new game, you fill out a driver's license where you can import your own mugshot by modifying the game files. There is a permadeath option, though this is not recommended for people who get frustrated quickly. After creating your save you are dropped in your house. You have a van, a sewage truck, a tractor, and the shell of a project car (your summer car). Past the driveway you have a garage, containing many of the components to build the car. You have to completely build your engine, from block to air filter, with no ingame guides to hold your hand through the process. Alright, back to the real important stuff. In the top left hand corner you have your needs. They are as follows: URINE, HUNGER, THIRST, FATIGUE, and DIRTINESS. If you don't take care of these, you will die. To get food, you need to drive to a store, which is along a dangerous road where driving into a tree will kill you. You save the game by clicking on toilets.Alright, I'm back. After you are finished with your engine, you need to insert it into your car. Before you do this though, you need to install the suspension. I'm not going to go into that, but instead tell what you're supposed to do next. In order to make your car have the best performance possible, you need to tune the carburator to adjust your air/fuel ratio. This is not recommended until you get the air/fuel gauge in the magazine, as you can (sometimes) permanently ♥♥♥♥ up your engine, where it will backfire and die as soon as you start it and blow up (literally) if you put too much pressure on the engine (i know from experience as all that is currently happening and am attempting to fix it.) agh brb"
76561198346936163,Recommended,516750,30803905,Posted: 28 March,all,Sterling,"This game takes patience. I had a very hard time for the first hour or so but after i figured out how everything worked i fell in love. Although frustrating at some points overall this game is incredable. I would highly recommend this to anyone who has a little bit of patience and who also enjoys realistic games. Although building the car may seem impossible it really isnt that bad. The first time i build it, I looked up a YouTube tutorial and i actually caught on to how everything worked really quick. I managed to build the car within a few hours and when i started it and it didnt work, I actually didnt have to hard of a time figuring out what is was that broke and how to fix it. All in all this is an amazing game that requires a little patience, but is supprisingly easy to learn. Would definitly recommend. (Sorry for any spelling or grammer mistakes)"
,Recommended,516750,34027521,Posted: 4 August,all,MACKI420,i love this game and the finnish people :))))
,Recommended,516750,31301401,Posted: 22 April,all,#FSE | S Λ M T Ξ L L,"69420 out of 10, would recommend! The best game in the world, although you need to be very patient to achieve your milestones in this game."
,Recommended,516750,26245107,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,SorenRabit,How to not survive:Get hungry after a long time of building carsDrive with the sludge truck and headed to gas stationStop at the check point at first time playing this gameCan't see anything or understand what the police officer wantBegan to drive away2 police cars began to chase meMade the 1st police car drive into a treeTook a hard right turnflipped the truck and survivedSees the police car drove into a poleGoes to see the police officer and gets a ticketGot poorGot trapped in the middle of nowhereAfter 1 min i got ran over a car and died11/10
,Recommended,516750,26445757,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Tyhaywire,"Somehow I managed to put this many hours in, and im still enjoying this game to no end.I rate 10/10 would get into a car accident by driving drunk again"
76561198171058673,Recommended,516750,26275291,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SortaSATSubmariner,"Strange, but good."
76561198027615315,Recommended,516750,26356730,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Satan,"-Spent 7 hours building a car without any guides-Crashed on the way to town to buy a fan belt with perma death on.-Second attempt at building car, done in half the time and it runs!- Forgot to put oil in it and explodes in 15 seconds-15 hours logged and nothing to show for it. 10/10 this game is great♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198099966914,Recommended,516750,29229938,Posted: 13 January,all,darksideofthelamp,good game but 15 is a  bit steep for a game about getting drunk and dieing in a wreck add more custom stuff and itll be great lol
,Recommended,516750,27909661,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Motoagogo,"As a car nut, I love this game. I could not reccomend this game high enough. Its like if Dark Souls and Jalopy had a baby... 15/10"
76561198093565137,Recommended,516750,29231637,Posted: 13 January,all,MR CR-Z,"Uh, what to say? I thought I knew about building cars this game has taught me otherwise."
,Recommended,516750,34084993,Posted: 7 August,all,Cooldude,"It's one of those games that you buy on steam and you quickly refund because you don't know what you are doing. that was me. I am not the brightest to trying new things like a game like this. Then I watched youtube vidoes on it. Saw how amazing the game was, bought it again and played it. Most amazing car building game would blow engine again.."
,Recommended,516750,26213371,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,TomPPaMo,drink beer middle of roaddie when out of ♥♥♥♥ing nowhere car runs over you10/10 IGN
76561198137163138,Recommended,516750,32732165,Posted: 24 June,all,Nick Helinski,Love the game Would tell my friends to buy it
,Recommended,516750,29866911,Posted: 11 February,all,SunnySideCunt™,Was driving down the highway to get supplies from town. Cruising rather nicely and texting irl to pass the time. I then proceeded to look up and do a routine check to see if my tyres were still on the road. Yes they were! However just my luck im in the wrong lane with an oncoming truck 5m ahead of me. I swiftly swerve to avoid the truck and manage to get back into my lane safely despite leaving some rubber and poo on the road behind me after thoroughly soiling myself. Thanking gaben for my second chance at life i proceeded to accelerate back to the speed limit only to be rear ended by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ playing loud music which allowed me to become all to familiarly aquainted with a tree and the main menu. #JustSummerCarThings #MistakesWereMade #DontTextAndDrive
76561197980368618,Recommended,516750,33421874,Posted: 9 July,all,Col. Christman,"My Summer Car in my opinion is a great car simulator. I believe the game is pretty realistic towards building a car it can be tricky since it is so realistic. Lets say you forget to screw in the pistons but you do everything else correctly your car won't work right and you will spend hours trying to find a small problem. The game can teach you a thing or two about cars besides the more you play the game the better you get at building the car.Cons  *The game has no tutorial so it may be confusing to new players especially when you have a whole car to assemble. * If you hit something you die and most likely will die.*Pros * Almost every vehicle is manual including the Satsuma, Sewage Truck, and van. accept the Fernandale an American muscle car however you still have to put into drive. Shifting is pretty easy all you have to do is press a key however you can turn on H-Shifter mode which is more realistic. Pros* There are plenty of vehicles to drive the Satsuma the car you build, the Sewage Truck, Van, Tractor, and Fernandale not yours but can be loaned. * There are multiple ways to get home and transported without a car there is the infamous green car that will drive you home and a bus in town that will stop by the path to your house by the way walking any where from your home is suicide the town is further then you think from the house. * There are plenty of aftermarket car parts which you cannot pass the safety inspection for the Satsuma with the aftermarket car parts on. * There is a rally you can participate in requires fire extinguisher, rollcage, harness, bucket seats, rally steering wheel. * The parts for your car slowly get damaged and need to be replaced at repair shop in Loppe take the damaged part there show it to the worker and pay for a new one of part and it is random when you start the game how damaged certain parts are. * The year is 1995 in Suomi Finnland you have a box tv that you can watch Topless Gun on and a singing show. * You can use♥♥♥♥♥♥as coolant for the radiator works fine by the way. * You can drink and drive I don't suggest doing that it may lead to death, death in a car accident don't drink and drive kids, kidney failure, cancer, blackouts ''wait what last night dude where am I'', coma, slurred speech and more great things! * There is a pub in town after the store closes you can buy coffee there lowers fatigue, beer lowers thirst but makes you drunk, vodka doesn't lower thirst very much to many shots will make you blackout and end up somewhere, fries and sausage lowers hunger increases thirst neutral food item. *You can do various job for money sucking sewage with your truck, selling flatwood, selling kilju.  *At the store you can buy bug reppellent, fire extinguisher to put out car fire if it catches fire, macaroni and cheese, sausage, pizza, coolant, oil, brake fluid, sugar, yeast used to make kilju firmented alcoholic drink bucket to make it can be found on small island with cabin take the boat by the dock by your house to the island, juice concentrate used to store kilju drink the juice and fill the bottle by dipping it in the finished kilju,  milk, and post orders for aftermarket car parts are picked up there pay got it and they will be outside on the side of the shop. * The yellow maniac drives really fast in town plays loud base and is overall annoying.* This is the best part you can swear and flip people off or called sticking your middle finger up. That sums up pros and cons.  How to make kilju is debated you can sell it to the drunk guy you can pickup at night who goes to the pub he will pay you money to drop him off and if he likes the kilju you made. To sell it to him drive to his house and put it on his table. I will link a video to show you where his house is and how to make kilju and how to get to the store. Ingredients and House. How to make proper kiljuhttps://youtu.be/ASrttbltGCs. How to get to the storehttps://youtu.be/4Hc68S0iKpkskip to 3:20 3 minutes 20 seconds. Overall this is a great car simulator I enjoy this game."
76561198161008673,Recommended,516750,30343341,Posted: 5 March,all,Rectro,i love this gameit makes you angry and takes some time to get going but its really fun. im hoping they are going to add more things you can do to the satsuma though
76561198166413581,Recommended,516750,31377706,Posted: 26 April,all,[FL:RP] Inlandbubbles,Could not recomend a better game for Car Simulation...My Summer Car will drive you insane (no pun intended)You will die multiple times and at the most randomest times...But you still will keep playing.This game will take car simulators to the next levelBest game out of all my games - 10/10.
,Recommended,516750,33249596,Posted: 4 July,all,n00bsquid,Very realistic game about Finland
76561198275793621,Recommended,516750,34281706,Posted: 16 August,all,Ræv kjørt måke,My update's are late? :(
,Recommended,516750,26425690,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ron paul,said to myself ahh wtf is wrong with you it's a  waste of 15 bucks ! WRONG should be like 20 bucks ! this game is simply amazing and is so much fun ! ive go about 80 mins in game and can't stop playing it !funny note : the sewage truck physics is better than euro truck sim 2 or american truck sim lol
,Recommended,516750,34321913,Posted: 17 August,all,Acapella,"I went to the store right away, got stuff ill need for the car. Also got food and stuff of that nature. I put everything into my car, then proceeded to fill my car with gas. Once full i just got in my car and left. I got home and the phone was ringing so i answered it. The store owner/cashier was on the other end and told me that he knows i stole gas and im to come back and pay for it NOW!I didnt realize i stole it, i thought the money came out automaticly. I didnt know i had to pay for it inside the store xDI never went back.10/10 would steal gas again ;D"
76561198105769169,Recommended,516750,33866674,Posted: 28 July,all,Tyler1,bloody awesome game love every bit of it!! got over 25 hours into the game now and it still is a really good game loads of stuff to do for £11 its worth every penny.in a summary get the game you wont regret it!!
76561198135493172,Recommended,516750,34350323,Posted: 19 August,all,GOODGAMER123,gud gem... i like
,Recommended,516750,31039634,Posted: 9 April,all,ElliotB,"-Too Lazy to build a car-Eats Sausages-Gets In van-Starts Driving towards the store-stops to have a break and enjoy the outdoors-comes back and my van is down the hill i was on and was upside down-notices im too far away to walk home-panic-pee everywhere-jump on random guys face at his house and he doesnt care-pee in a bush-pee more-urinate on his house-die""too lazy to build cars"" Cat Lover - 9/10"
,Recommended,516750,34340835,Posted: 18 August,all,EL_dilzsterino,you want a fun game to waste time and maybe learn how to build a car then here is the game for you
76561198018991899,Recommended,516750,26225994,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,einherjar_33,Great Pekka simulator!Waiting for the Winter DLC
,Recommended,516750,26226429,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Gereti,"2 minutes before home die becose bump on road, and fly away from windshield becose that.5/5 Need's Seabelts"
,Recommended,516750,31490359,Posted: 1 May,all,Homiccus,"EDIT:Honestly, this is one of the best rallying experiences I have ever had in my gaming life. Sod Colin McRae, sod Dirt Rally, sod the ""official"" Rally game. This is the most fulfilling, the most technical and the most satisfactory driving game currently available on Steam. In my humble opinion that is. I haven't won anything yet, not even remotely, and I am happy to just finish the race (backtracking later on to collect lost muffler and trim pieces), but the sheer joy of building the car from rusted junkheap to be roadworthy and then finally upgrading it to the rallying standard is, well, rather extraordinary experience, wouldn't you say Watson?The original review continues below...-----Uh... What did I just buy?Why am I dumped in the middle of Finnish nowhere with a case of beer, pack of sausages and bazillion pieces of a rusted jalopy strewn all over the garage?What are all those spanners there for?Oh, great, I've just p****d myself... how does that sauna work again?After just five hours, I am convinced that this is no car building simulator. Nuh uh. It's a European Redneck simulator, complete and resplendent with zebra-pattern dashboard, home-made 'sport' tuning, Rally Finland in a tractor and drink-driving a van full of beer, macaroni pizza and moonshine.For all of us that never crossed the line, this is nothing short of catharsis - you can do whatever you want in this rural sandbox, show your middle finger to the authorities, urinate in the middle of the road and make an absolute pigsty out of your parents' house.Granted, this game is glitchy af and has its quirks and bugs - eg. the game re-spawns important items that glitched out through the terrain... in a landfill, for you to collect. AI is utterly rubbish and assets used to represent people resemble low-poly, 1996 Quake Shamblers... but in all fairness this just adds to the flavour of a home-made, no-f***s-given, goodness.10/10, would pump somebody's crap and then fall down the hole and drown in the septic tank again."
,Recommended,516750,34145650,Posted: 10 August,all,Bonzi Buddy,wrecked the car in the nighthitchhiked the Fiatgave the driver the bird a thousand timesdrove of the roaddied11/10
76561198276110545,Recommended,516750,34184428,Posted: 11 August,all,Joseph Clarke,Drunk driving simulator.... nice
76561198002448117,Recommended,516750,26221829,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Chuxel,"5hrs to not build your summer car but have fun with booze, urine and TЯUCK-DEEП-SУКЕR. I was totally doped."
76561197977935079,Recommended,516750,26444821,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dethroned,"After countless new beginnings I managed to find a grocery store, fueled my van, bought some food and drinks and started to head back home. During this trip I dodged a moose, got 700mk fine for not stopping when asked for and to die because my van couldn't stay on the road.Woke up at home without my van - that had all my groceries inside.5/5 would do it all again."
76561197994310003,Recommended,516750,27560441,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,#SoTilted`ZER,WOW
76561198179535087,Recommended,516750,34181841,Posted: 11 August,all,George Jetson,"Drink beer and eat meat to survive the lonely livestyle. Watch the same tv show every night and tick off the same old bloke in his yellow car.♥♥♥♥♥♥in your car and dont pay for gas is the daily routine. When you go to fix your car after hitting top gear going down the  hill and running into mr.green you will find that you didnt screw in something and the motor falls out. 10/10 best item moving simulator. Drive the boat until its outta fuel and then die by drowning and then respawn to you not havin any beer cuz you left it at the store. Then get shocked by lightning becuase you went to answer a call from some dude whos  had is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cleaned 3 times this week. Life is great, especially when you slide into a ditch and can't start the engine becuase the engine is flooded. Go into town twice a day becuase you forgot break fluid. Then flush it all out with a bottle of booze and still cant drive your car without driving into the lake again."
76561198305738401,Recommended,516750,33817684,Posted: 26 July,all,marcodegiovanni2004,I love this game. It's so fun and I knew nothing about cars before I played this game and I still don't. But seriously. It's a game worth getting. You won't regret it
76561198345027950,Recommended,516750,34247904,Posted: 14 August,all,timelordx1,"Very realistic, both the happiness and struggles of what having a project car in real life is really like. Regular updates and patches are a plus."
76561198147211974,Recommended,516750,33781788,Posted: 25 July,all,bradwilb95,Love this game needs proformance mods as in turbos upgraded cams
,Recommended,516750,26925305,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dAAAMN313,Has beer+race car+dirt roads.10/10
76561198379124486,Recommended,516750,31332315,Posted: 23 April,all,RedneckGamer,"What a great game, The controls and tracking for picking things up take some getting used too but its just the game I was looking for. You can do pretty much anything here. the detail on petting together the car is incredible. cant wait for more updates. the game is a little empty right now but its early acces and even with that still a great game. I see myself losing some sleep on this one"
76561198165032018,Recommended,516750,31546640,Posted: 4 May,all,Johnsmithfdds,"Some of the best Euro hummor I have seen in any game!Drinking? Check! Cursing? Check! Literally peeing on your neighbors? Check! Oh yeah, and there's also something to do with cars. This game brings sandbox to the sticks. If youre looking for a polished driving simulator look elswhere. However, if you want to laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off of get down and dirty bringing jalopys back to life then this is your game. probably the best money ive spent on steam."
76561198098782870,Recommended,516750,31264542,Posted: 20 April,all,Trashmaster,"The car based life sim I wanted for so long. This game is as rough and merciless as real life and I wouldn't have it any other way. You will hate this game when you first get it but once you learn how to survive, drive, and thrive you'll keep coming back for more. The dev is great and keeps adding cool content on the regular. Not stuff really asked for but what they want to add and that shows just how much heart this game has in it. It was made with love and it shows. My only gripe is that it takes a fairly powerful rig to run so I can't gift it to my friends."
76561198150351356,Recommended,516750,34366925,Posted: 19 August,all,Gdnamesrtaken,Basically this is how the game goes>Work on car>Drink beer>Wreck vehicle>Drink beer>Walk for 20 minutes to get to your car>Drink beer>Work on car some more>Drink beer>Lose a piston>Drink beer10/10 would buy again
76561198255614481,Recommended,516750,34316476,Posted: 17 August,all,Berkut,"This game is beyond awesome even for a early access game, it's really fun. Its the best ""survival"" game. I love working on the satsuma, but I wish there was other cars you can work on."
,Recommended,516750,34324717,Posted: 18 August,all,MonOo,The survival system is fun! You can even DRIFT in Ferndale and Satsuma! Drink beer or evendrink P!$$
76561198028816116,Recommended,516750,30250994,Posted: 28 February,all,wegpuster,"fantastic unique game, strongly recommended!!"
,Recommended,516750,26338894,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,RAMBO808,Haista♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561197975353043,Recommended,516750,26335579,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,vardypeeps,"Meet the system requirements but the game doesn't work, was looking forward to playing this...I recommend this game if it works for you!"
,Recommended,516750,26221681,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,plüg,just amazing
,Recommended,516750,34208047,Posted: 13 August,all,nesquiknibba,"This game is on an annoyingly high level of realistic. It takes no ♥♥♥♥ from anyone. You have to pick the right tools and assemble an engine and car from pretty much scratch, then after that it's kind of just sustaining it. Not for the impatient, but I'd say it's worth my time, effort and money. 9/10"
76561198139238786,Recommended,516750,26210756,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Lumiraja,"Awesome game, that makes you cry time to time.Telephone rings middle of the night. ""Give me a lift from pub"". Why not, engine 50% ready, let's do something else for little while.On a way back home, loose control of the van and end up middle of the forrest. No worries, just head back to the road.  Run out of gas while trying,  f**k.  Luckily two cases of beer in the trunk. First emptied case is nice makeshift Beacon to mark the place of the van. Drink other case.Wake up on the small pier. Lucky me, a boat with a motor.Drive around the lake hungry as hell, must go to the pub to eat before sailing home. Boat stuck on shore, sh*t f**k. Eat and drink in the pub.Wake up on your own yard."
76561198272715394,Recommended,516750,30809314,Posted: 29 March,all,XxDARKGALAXYxX,you should not hesitat to buy the game anditss confusing at first but you learn i recomened researching things you dont know to do like driving vchls
76561198055973056,Recommended,516750,29644454,Posted: 2 February,all,xxFaZeGaMeR900,gane is alot of fun hope they put this game on consoles on ps4 and xbox one if they did i would really play the game alot
,Recommended,516750,26318331,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DUDE,Leaving in Finland is not that easy...
,Recommended,516750,27829852,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NigRaStaziOn,i love this game
,Recommended,516750,29805261,Posted: 9 February,all,lekoY,>Half Way Through Build>Gets Launched by Car>Car Destoryed>Reloads Save>0% Car Progress
76561198273948724,Recommended,516750,26398947,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Drjamesdawson350,Good game But when your battery dies its game over for your car Could the owner add batterys to buy in the shop or any way to charge them up?
,Recommended,516750,35277065,Posted: 28 September,all,Jackstraw,SO MUCH FUN
76561198152601078,Recommended,516750,35283629,Posted: 28 September,all,jnkplayer56,This game is one of the most amazing car games I've ever played. I love it so much. One the best $15 I could've ever spent.
,Recommended,516750,35149807,Posted: 23 September,all,Ahoykarpfen,"Went to suck some sewage from this guy.Drove to the guy, sucked his sewage.Was the wrong guy.Fell into his sewer because I was enraged. Dead.Lucky me had disabled perma death.Took a look at the map, it was his neighbor who wanted his sewage sucked.Take the minibike to drive to him. Fell down about 50 times.Take minibike to put it into truck.Get hit by a car and die.If you like frustrating game experiences, this game is for you."
,Recommended,516750,34591334,Posted: 29 August,all,Doc,Bwoah
76561198089933784,Recommended,516750,35118096,Posted: 21 September,all,ljlee256,"Excellent game, a lot of varied content with a layout that pushes your patience, but ultimately eventually leads to accomplishment (you can die, easily, and you restart when you do, so be prepared for the rage quit moments).A few recommended things to add to the game: Bolt on turbo/superchargers, a reinforced head gasket, purchaseable replacement parts would be cool, getting parts rebuilt makes sense sometimes IRL but sometimes a new part is just better (I'm looking at you Head Gasket){Adendm, it appears some parts can be replaced through purchase, you have to actually take the old part in and put it on the mechanics desk then you can buy them}, upgradeable cam shaft (which moves where your peak power output is), a 5 or 6 speed gearbox, maybe let people drink from the water around the map so they can survive walking home when they need to tow, a vehicle trailer so towing isn't so destructive, and maybe (bit of a long shot) if the player saves up a TON of money they can buy a bigger shop with a hoist, dyno, etc. get someone to make you a couple more TV shows as well, watching the topless gun short and 20 seconds of a band playing a song is great and all, but isn't enough to kill 30 minutes while you're waiting for the call to come get your car out of the shop and there are no jobs to do on the map.Ultimately this a fantastic game that teaches a lot about the inner workings of an engine and a day in the life of a finnish person in 1995. PS my recommendations are only things I'd like to see in the game and are in no way demands, its your game, do what you like with it! =)"
,Recommended,516750,35117104,Posted: 21 September,all,Vivian James,"So I'm going to post this as someone who has yet to successfully get the car built (and doesn't really know how to build a friggin car either).  I love this game because it pretty much simulates life, and all of the issues in life.  You start off with a case of beer, a package of sausages (which don't seem to be cooked, but that's not going to stop you from eating them), a catalogue, a working van, and a car that is completely in parts.  The body of the car has only two things already mounted in it, the windshield and the rear windshield.  You want a sound system?  You better put that in yourself.  You want a dashboard?  You're gonna have to build it.  I might say that I'd like it if the game had a few more options about the make and model of the car, but all the same, you build the car that you want to drive.Now here's where it gets complicated...  The game has permanent death (which is default on), and the game has survival aspects.  Remember that beer and sausage?  You're going to need those.  You start off with $3000, and you have enough food for ONE DAY.  If you want more food, you're going to have to drive into town.  Where's town?  It's down the road, 3 km in one direction, 1 km in the other.  Sounds easy enough, maybe you could walk to town?  Nope, you'd never make it, because the food/drink meters constantly go down when you run and walk.Either way, the moment you start driving, you are playing a mortal game of chess with the gods.  If you drive too fast, you'll constantly lose control.  If you don't drive fast enough some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ will start ramming you from behind.  It's up to you to figure out where you want to go, and get there, and hopefully arrive alive.  Because if you crash .. you are probably dead.Good luck building Your Summer Car!"
,Recommended,516750,29365158,Posted: 19 January,all,Krampus ツ,"U can drink beers,beers and beers again :D"
,Recommended,516750,32691364,Posted: 23 June,all,KACPERTH,"This is the best car game going !I first played this game at my friends' house and I enjoyed it, I got it on steam today and built the car in about three hours with a bit of help from the guides. I do recommend you to get this game if you are a car fan or just like the idea of a car build."
,Recommended,516750,35191527,Posted: 24 September,all,Lil Peeeep,The most painful game I've ever played
,Recommended,516750,35195818,Posted: 24 September,all,WeirdAssassin8,10/10 would pump gas while smoking again
,Recommended,516750,34628069,Posted: 31 August,all,Perkele,"Very nice Finland Simulator.also, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,516750,26250555,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,h0t_sauna1337,big yes
76561198061720121,Recommended,516750,26252509,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,hujoppi11,5/5 totally loved the 90s
76561198025609232,Recommended,516750,26927409,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Leonov,"My Summer car involves trying to build a 1970s Japanese Econobox and eventually tuning and modifying it to be competitive in a Weekend Fold Rally in 1990s Finland, while trying to do what else you can do to survive. So far, I have to say I'm impressed with the detail in the gameplay itself, from having to do various thing to tune the engine after building it and setting it up. I'm also liking the fact that the game doesn't have all the comforts of modern life, but makes you live in the dark days of the 1990s, including, but not limited to: Virtually no 24h stores, no sat nav (you better find a map and use your IRL phone or whatever if you want to navigate around, and it might be needed at first until you know the large but simple layout a little better.Pros:-Very detailed game in  terms of the car itself, having you build the engine from pretty much each individual component, even having to choose spanners of individual sizes for each hexnut and hexbolt on there.-Pretty funny humor.-Survival system.-Sauna.-MarjattaCons:-The driving mechanics need some improvement. The Van for example, feels unsafe at any speed.-AI which seems a little too focused on killing you. Can't name how many times that log truck or that Polski Fiat 126p driving around had rammed my septic truck.- Game is very unforgiving to beginners who are not familiar with how a car works. Thankfully, this is negated by the fact we have guides online that are more than helpful if they find themselves stuck.-Car body gets damaged too easily during the build. I built my Satsusma, but the front of the body looks like it was damaged in a nasty impact. That might also be causing radiator leaks for my car."
76561198032921369,Recommended,516750,26237617,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Minni,5/5 buy it.
,Recommended,516750,26290000,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,woodcok,verri nais
,Recommended,516750,26268061,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Nik.,"-Spend 2 hours to figure out how to drive a van (Drunk on beer)-Manage to drive for 2 minutes (In 1st gear) before spinning off crashing into a tree.-Dead.-Wake up in graveyard-No car in sight.-Curse x3-Go to pub.-Buy vodka x4-Buy Beer x2-Buying food on accident when trying to buy vodka because drunk x2.-Pass out.-Wake up at home.-Go outside while screen is shaking.-No van or car.-Curse x3-Walk to tractor, use 10 minutes when figuring out how to run it.-Drive to bar.Best car building simulator ever.9 shots of vodka out of 10."
76561198116140407,Recommended,516750,26290462,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,TravJew,game crashed when i selected the wrong option. now its got zero textures for the world and its just grey. start menu is blacked out onl the colour selector is there. please help fix this
76561198109756619,Recommended,516750,26349227,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,shift_chevelle,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!If you are looking for a simple game about building cars, go get Car Mechanic Sim 2015, this game is not for the easily  deterred.That said, so far i like the game and has lived up to the hype but damn it's hard.just remember to tighten bolts or it all falls apart lol, I had no clue what i was doing and was getting mad because the parts kept falling off..."
,Recommended,516750,26252661,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rambo,Got the engine together and in the car in 2 days.Brought tractor up to pick up car to install suspension parts.Got drunk.Car fell off tractor.Cursed to satan and ♥♥♥♥♥ while beating car with sledgehammer.10/10 (would give 11/10 if I could throw wrenches.
76561198094393586,Recommended,516750,26352335,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Joonetin,this is game is very good and funny
76561198192726397,Recommended,516750,26353733,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,we tortured some folks,this game is sick
76561198256148791,Recommended,516750,35475511,Posted: 4 October,all,ctaggarty,Great game for £15 can be frustrating but thats part of the fun.Had loads of funny moments in this i would advise maybe watching a streamer or a few youtube vids to get an idea of what the game is like.Oh and if you have a steam controller its great for using in driving mode as a steering wheel with the rear paddles for gears.And for the love of god dont awnser the phone during a thunderstorm lol
76561198160845619,Recommended,516750,35424113,Posted: 2 October,all,Party Wiener,Favorite Game of all time
,Recommended,516750,35422626,Posted: 2 October,all,JeezBoi,"Played six hours just to realize you can die to stress. If you like tedious games this is one, I recommend."
,Recommended,516750,34016628,Posted: 4 August,all,18Birko1 Gaming,"Surely the most real-life car simulator I've tried! Not just that to build a car screw for screw, but also to get enough money to do it!Not only should you be able to build a car but also take care of yourself!Experience the significantly darker Finnish side of car enthusiasm!Definitely recommended!18Birko1 Gaming (2017)"
76561198041766760,Recommended,516750,28101472,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Coldest Elm,"Hated this game at first. From all the mosquitoes and flies buzzing in your ear, to the nearly guaranteed fatal accident awaiting you on your way to the store (unless you prefer starving to death), it seemed nearly impossible to even attempt to start assembling the car. Even after you've made your trecherous journey, assembling the car for the first time will prove to be an even more challenging task, and even if you manage to assemble everything at first, there will likely be a loose bolt, which happens to be the key element in making your car start, forcing you to take apart the car and try again.That being said, I am now in love with this game. All of the problems you face at the start are merely the result of inexperience, and after failing a few times, you will get the hang of the controls and gameplay, making the once fatal drive to and from the store as simple as driving to a store in real life. You will learn how to troubleshoot problems with your car (with help from the community), and in no time, you'll be a Finnish rally racer with a car you've built from scratch, and there is no greater satisfaction than seeing how far you have come from the start.10/10 would rage quit again"
,Recommended,516750,26411845,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Billy Mays,Spend all my money at the shop buying sausage and beergo pump a septic tank for cashget too close while trying to see if it is done pumping yetfall in and drown in a pit of pooigotthepooonme.jpg
,Recommended,516750,26364947,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Slippin' Jimmy,"Gotta say.  I did not expect much from this game.  But after 20 hours in, I'm very impressed.  I have spent a great deal fo time around cars and I can say this is the game for anyone who considers oil changes relaxing.  10/10 in spite of the somewhat jankey graphics and player movements.  Game play is what makes My Summer Car great."
76561198208346695,Recommended,516750,34869379,Posted: 10 September,all,DANBTLR,THIS IS THE BEST GAME OUT THERE!!!! This game is the best game ever i love it
,Recommended,516750,34875779,Posted: 10 September,all,Doug Dimmadome,if you thought you couldnt do somthing in this game think again. I straight up spewed poop on peoples cars.
,Recommended,516750,26631760,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,sonikku dammit,casual learning curve. lots of bugs/mechanics to learn before you start making progress. overall really fun game. absurd humor and free-roaming ability.
,Recommended,516750,28666113,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,gabesz,"Totally worth it! The old Hot rod game modern - ""new look"" and more. You must ride a bit much, but should think about your day."
76561198291431314,Recommended,516750,30888701,Posted: 1 April,all,™♦O.M.G♦™ Kaupógas,Interesting hardcore survival game with a car (buy it)
,Recommended,516750,26310224,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,sF77,"Jalopy's drunk but more complex Finnish cousin...And plus, you can pee on people!5/7"
76561198133802183,Recommended,516750,26361608,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Iamdoubleyou,Supposed to build a car.. got drunk instead
,Recommended,516750,26884277,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dazio,Living the finnish dream Driving Drunk and eat Finnish sausages
,Recommended,516750,28794523,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,M R. S P A R K L E 8 6 パワー！,"This early access car game is a sandbox style game about 1995 Finland as a young adult who loves cars and might have a slight alcohol problem.  The gameplay is great, but does take time.  It's a car building simulator and the driving physics are great, the cars are really great to drive.. and if you mess up then its a walking simulator with survival and permadeath (optional).  You learn to take care of the car and not crash it, and win a rally and complete jobs and objectives that are pretty fun.  It's developed by some pretty funny guys and there's lots of what I'd guess is Finnish humor in this.  The developer talks with the community often and is promising lots of fun features."
,Recommended,516750,26377151,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mr. Melon,Optimize PLEASE!!!!!!!! And i recommend if your computer can handle it.
76561198164849263,Recommended,516750,30023554,Posted: 18 February,all,RokVulvo,"World War II casualties of the Soviet Union from all related causes numbered over 20,000,000, both civilians and military, although the exact figures are disputed. The number of 20 million was considered official during Soviet era."
,Recommended,516750,28278974,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,a real human,"I learned one thing form this game, I am a ♥♥♥♥ing terrible mechanic...10/10"
76561197983029161,Recommended,516750,26240796,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[O]Pallemiitti,"This game has a working Sauna! ...Even though it's a electric one, I'ts stilla fracking Sauna!!!"
,Recommended,516750,26305573,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,PinkGrind,"Please, be thoroughly drunk before playing."
76561198247304694,Recommended,516750,29132942,Posted: 8 January,all,twrw1992,its great cant wait for more updates
,Recommended,516750,31152752,Posted: 15 April,all,makko,Game of the year right here.
76561198184383910,Recommended,516750,29732801,Posted: 5 February,all,alex_berndt,My summer car has the ability to be a great game the only thing that is missing is a tutorial once i got into the game there was nothing to show me how to play or what i needed to do so i hope there is an update soon because I want to play this game and know what to do
76561198058299166,Recommended,516750,28556129,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,DarTic'en,the best game i ever played
,Recommended,516750,26201856,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,BEST4GAMERS,"Totaly recomend this game ! It so fun ! you can do all kinda jobs for money , but food , pee on trees loland realy hard to build your car , so realistic XD realy the best game ever !!!MUST HAVE !!!"
76561198000339134,Recommended,516750,26203262,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,jamek6,"This game is fun, complicated, hard.. It needs some polish and some more stuff, but i give it 10/10 because of the gameplay and the current content makes it very interesting indeed. This worth every penny!"
76561198272858974,Recommended,516750,26319925,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,luca_damien,"what to say about this gameits freaking amazing just buy itif your not a that car guy there are a lot of tutorials and you can almost do everythingi only hope they fix some bugs but its early accessi almost say that steeringwheel is needed driving whit keys is almost imposibel where a steering wheel is still extremly hardbuy this game this only 13,49 (with 10%sale)"
,Recommended,516750,26431247,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Kenttis,"It's a great game and addictive too, I've only started over 7 times. Can't wait to start 100 times over soon.EDIT: Started only 30 times over because I realized that I truly am a finn, and I have the same couch and ""wall rug"" as in the game. I absolutely love this game."
76561198048477037,Recommended,516750,26326752,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Architect,"Buy gamestart building carsomewhat knowing what to do12 hours put into buildingfinally done.jpgstars carinstantly bursts into flames.10/10.But on a serious note, I highly reccomend this game. It carries lots of depth and is somewhat addicting. Trying to build the car was fun, and with this game being in early access, it shows a lot of promise! No game breaking bugs/glitches found so far, but it does have a bug here and there, so expect them. Money well spent!Ps. As of now, my car is still burning, and I have no idea how to put it out."
76561198039760320,Recommended,516750,26227076,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Imrileth,"Saw Robbaz playing it, was so funny i had to buy it and it's great."
,Recommended,516750,26490104,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Spuder,You can get drunk and drive a♥♥♥♥♥♥truck.11/10.Also  this game changes the way you look at cars)).
76561197970968962,Recommended,516750,29890798,Posted: 12 February,all,Loftworthy,"Attempt 1:> Drank beer>♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the shower> Jacked up car> Fiddled with car> Got bored of ♥♥♥♥ing about with spanners> Has this guy not heard of a 3/8 socket set?> Got in van> Started van> Fiddled around with clutch and stalled it a few times> Hear my driving instructor's voice in my head telling me off> Got clutch sorted and set off> Accidentally punched straight through my windscreen> Can't see> Crash and dieAttempt 2:> Persevere with building ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Datsun> Assemble front suspension and steering gear> Attempt to place steering wheel on steering column> Steering wheel dematerialises from universe> lolwut.jpg> The car is ruinedAttempt 3:> Assemble whole suspension and attach wheels to Datsun> Try to push Datsun into garage so I can work at night> Car won't budge> Bring van around and gently nudge Datsun with it> Datsun rolls into garage and falls into inspection pit> ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥> Figure I'll tow it out later as my hunger is in the red, and I've eaten the starter sausages> Hit the dirt road in the van> Find tarmac highway before long> Flagrantly disregard 100kmh speed limit> At 120kmh the van can't handle it, begins swerving back and forth violently> Ease off the power to try and regain control> Van swerves into left hand lane, just as a bus crests the hill coming the other way> Last thing I see is the bus driver glumly accepting his fate> Die. Young Finnish man's agonised screams will stay with me forever> Photo of accident scene in newspaper is epicSit back and reflect on how even though it is snowing and cold outside, preventing me from working on my own real life project car, I can still engage in automotive futility thanks to this wonderful game."
,Recommended,516750,28177239,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,lovecars2much,there need to be a sound options i cant here♥♥♥♥♥♥with my krakens but its a good game
,Recommended,516750,33207695,Posted: 3 July,all,Karabin1k$$ TS3|Highrate.pl,****STARTS GAME FOR FIRST TIME******1.See a van near your house2.Try to get in3.Search tutorial about how to get in van4.Cry5.Turn off the game6.Start it again7.Cry againAnyway it still the best early access game i ever saw!
,Recommended,516750,26296829,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ebay:2 Hoxton,Best game everFinally got the car running and I die after  just 2 min while flipping someone off.8/8 Would do it againp.s I tried to do it again and died of a heartattack 8888888888/8 GOTY
,Recommended,516750,32632700,Posted: 21 June,all,EXTRA KRISPY KRAB,"1995 James May Simulator made by a committed developer with Grade A Weaponized Autism. Don't be intimidated by the difficulty, give it a shot and this brilliant game will reward your commitment with feelings of satisfaction that you can only get from games the like of Dwarf Fortress and Dark Souls."
,Recommended,516750,26313651,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,genuineparts,"Best game, 10/10, would turn into a Finn again.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RtQjEkAuLGMSaanko yhden oluen, kiitos"
,Recommended,516750,33927629,Posted: 31 July,all,MikkoK,"Finnish developers have always been making great games such as Max Payne 1 & 2, Flatout 1 & 2, Alan Wake, Cities Skylines and many more. But so far this is the greatest Finnish game ever made."
,Recommended,516750,33746005,Posted: 23 July,all,EagerLameGamer,"I must admit that this is quite the game, let me give ya'll som pros and cons:PROS:-alcoholic simulator-frustration simulator-surprisingly detailed car building simulator-optional permadeath-surprising amount of stuff to do/work towards-neglecting needs lead to death-physics bugsCONS:-alcoholic simulator-frustration simulator-physics bugs-death occurs for no reason-some of the acheivments requires permadeath to be enabled-you fell like you've wasted your time, all the timeI will probably edit this in the future if there is something to add, this is early access so I'm sure there will be something to add."
,Recommended,516750,29988161,Posted: 17 February,all,Cpt Jacker TR,"This game is way too open to improve, so many small things gonna make this game great but i think they need to focus on this 3 things first.Improving AIImproving OptimizationExpanding MapThis game is really going to be great just need some time."
,Recommended,516750,30212789,Posted: 26 February,all,Pupper,"I'm to the point now where I can fully build the car perfectly every time in a hour... and I'm still playing this game all the time. Just be sure to look up some tutorals if your not a car guy, but like me if you are a car guy you will enjoy this 100% right out of the gate. It's the subtle detalis the game has that makes it great"
76561198120684671,Recommended,516750,30197904,Posted: 26 February,all,☢ Andy_847 ☢,"Load into game.Find BasketballF*ck about with basketball for a few hoursPull my finger out and start building carHours in, realise I'm going to die of starvation and dehydration(Car is pretty much complete, except I forgot the fanbelt, etc.)Quickly hop in van and 'Colin McRae' it down the dirt roads to town.Get to town and find a bus stuck in a ditch, give him the middle finger?Hurl abuse at the shop keeper as im going around picking up the essential suppliesHop in van, down a whole crate of beer and set off on the journey home.A few yards from where the dirt road meets the main road, the d*ickhead w*nker in the yellow? green? car decides to parlay in the form of a high-speed head on collision.Instant death, as i see my van flip and flail under the rigours of an automobile accident.Blinded by rage, promplty and calmly shut down my computer and walk away.10 minutes later, the mortal cycle starts again."
,Recommended,516750,32093247,Posted: 31 May,all,Polaventris,100% accurate 1995 Finland simulator.
76561198090985044,Recommended,516750,32114457,Posted: 1 June,all,Reichtangle,"1. Gets money2. Buys Oil, brake fluid, etc.3. Builds car.4.Forgets oil5. Dies while trying to get it10/10"
,Recommended,516750,32656399,Posted: 22 June,all,WRXshin,"This game is just like owning a real project car.- Its hard- Its fustrating- People think you're stupid- You need lots of beer- Its an endless money pit-♥♥♥♥♥♥breaks all the timeBut when you finally get it running, tuned properly, modded, its a feeling of accomplishment every time. Until it breaks again."
,Recommended,516750,26321085,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,4rzka,Nyt on kyllä 5/5 peli
76561198120782808,Recommended,516750,32352110,Posted: 11 June,all,|JNA| Camo,Very very sexy
,Recommended,516750,34909857,Posted: 12 September,all,Wing Dingus,No other game gives you the sense of accomplishment that this game does. At the same time no game has made me want to die more than this one after plowing into a tree 30 seconds after finishing my car on permadeath.10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,516750,28656236,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ChopStix,"Being an alcoholic self taught mechanic fixing a junkyard shell is a dream come true. Whether its splitting wood, draining septic systems, or picking up drunks I'm always laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off. Can't wait for a multiplayer update."
76561198075320039,Recommended,516750,34094538,Posted: 7 August,all,drizzthu,This is a difficult game but damn its worth every penny. Lots  of potential here. def worth adding to the wishlist.
,Recommended,516750,26513110,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,enamel,"The best car simulator to come out in this year. A mash up of car assembly, causing you to become very attached to your summer car, plus survival and permadeath elements that provide great tension. Add a heaping dose of janky humor, and you have a winner.A must buy or anyone interested in putting together cars, or living a Finnish lifestyle."
76561198102435027,Recommended,516750,28735601,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,big bang,"For being a lower budgeted game, it excites all standards. I honestly think that this is the best game that has come to steam in a while. It deserves the popularity and recognition that it is getting. Personally I think that My Summer Car is worth the 15 dollars and would be worth 200 dollars. If I was comparing it to Call of Duty or any other big budget game or franchise, this would be much more worth it. Although I am glad that the publishers keep the game at a lower price, I still think that it would be worth more. All of the community for this game appreciate and sees that the publishers are not milking money out of the players like every other big budgeted game. I think that the creators are saints and need to keep doing what you are doing. 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,516750,27785518,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,G0AT,"Drink beer, Build car, Drink beer, Drag race car, Drink beer, Car blew up, Drink beer, Hitch hike, Drink beer, Get killed by man pulling over too pick you up.Would drink beer again 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26327382,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Sann_xD,"If you want chopping logs, sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥from sewer well, drinking beer and vodka, eating sausages or pizza, driving drunk and giving finger to police officer who doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥ cleaning yourself in sauna, building car that dose not work or it works but wants to kill you and peeing simulator 2016.This game is for you!10/10"
,Recommended,516750,33174053,Posted: 3 July,all,Dukeman,"This Game..- You constantly lose your♥♥♥♥♥♥to the world and its plethera of marsh lands.- You went to the shop, you ended up getting thirsty, and died because the ♥♥♥♥ing shop just closed- You spent an entire bucket trying to aim the water at the right spot on the sauna stove.- You only bought 2 bottles of Brake/Clutch fluid only to realise that you actually need 3... But it ends up taking 7 because you had a leak and it took you 2 hours to fix it.- You took 2 hours fixing the leak because you had the wrong size spanner in your hand.- You finished the engine only to realise you forgot to do up the main bearing bolts.- You threw your♥♥♥♥♥♥in the car only to leave a massive ♥♥♥♥ing dent in the floor.- Your computer crashed after a 4 hours session only to realise there is no auto saving.- You are down to the tractor being your last vehicle because you suck at driving and all your other♥♥♥♥♥♥in a river somerwhere.- You were hit by that♥♥♥♥♥♥in the yellow car.♥♥♥♥ing awesome game though..."
,Recommended,516750,26336092,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Nannerheim,"If you are looking for polished and streamlined, high-quality game to spend an evening with, turn away right now. My Summer Car is ugly. There is no help file. The physics are clunky and filled with bugs. Most of the time you have no idea what you are supposed to be doing.My Summer Car is also the best drunken countryside permadeath existentialist car mechanic wannabe sandbox I have played. I have emptied septic tanks and died when I fell into one - drunk. I have driven across rural Finland - drunk - and drank more beer than I probably should. I have showed the finger to every since thing I can see. I have died in dumb drunk road accidents, I have passed out at the local bar, and I have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the shopkeeper.  I still haven't managed to get my Datsun running, because most of the time I'm either doing errands or getting drunk on some weird adventure which usually involves septic tanks. I have built specific playlists containing mostly bad 1995 eurodance and listen to them while chopping wood (drunk) to get money for more beer.This is a good game for masochists, simulator freaks and those who use games as storybuilding tools. The selection of activities is still low, hopefully it will grow as the game matures."
76561198355555489,Recommended,516750,31069405,Posted: 10 April,all,omae wa mou shindeiru,"My first experience with this game was rolling my van onto it's roof and sliding into a tree... four times. But I knuckled down, and stuck with it, even though the steering was either non existent as a black fellas father or as tight as an eight year old, I managed to get to the store and get the esentials. After 5 hours I build my car, and start it up. I rev it, and the engine explodes.11/10 must buy"
76561198330701818,Recommended,516750,30477091,Posted: 12 March,all,Penguin,"I've crashed about 10 million times, and I honestly still play. This game will definetly have you hooked. I highly reccomend this game if you're looking for something that will have you focused."
76561198196639425,Recommended,516750,30541595,Posted: 16 March,all,scunny2015,love the game carnt wait to see the finnished product for an early release its amazing big thumbs up from me lots to see and do to keep you busy
76561198024184884,Recommended,516750,26336003,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Locolopo90,This fly this f****** fly I wanna♥♥♥♥♥♥all over it. On another notice the game is pretty fun and weird and fun!
,Recommended,516750,34081648,Posted: 7 August,all,☆VG☆ SteGy_K,"First 2 days of getting it and already put in 12 hours.... i just finished a 4 and a half hour  game.... i finally got my car to drive! This is a really nice game if you love learning about cars, how they are made and making your own car from scratch!"
76561198084400979,Recommended,516750,34994168,Posted: 16 September,all,DJ Scully™,A lot of ways to die Funny at the same time and sometimes annoying but fun and addicting could add console commands but thats just what i think it could have but i dont think it will
,Recommended,516750,33077913,Posted: 1 July,all,rotor,+cool car mechanics stuff+drinking beer+swearing+drunk driving+career opportunities+social security with a hangover
,Recommended,516750,26430688,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Sgt.Stupid,"24 hours logged as of currently.Love the game. Played ""Car Mechanic Simulator 2015"" and thought it was amazing.Then I come across this gem. I get pretty much close to that then more. It's on a slightly different spectrum, but in a good way. I actually have to WORK to improve my vehicle. All the basics are in my garage. Sadly, I have to take the car to an actual mechanic for the tuning and painting and body-work.Here's the downside:Just took my car to the mechanic (whom tuned the car in the first place) for body-work. He calls my house and says the car is ready to be picked-up. I drive over there in the ♥♥♥♥ing POS firebird that likes to spin out and the what-not. The fenders are ♥♥♥♥ed. The hood is ♥♥♥♥ed. The things that got ♥♥♥♥ed are freshly painted. I get in and start it - the ♥♥♥♥ing #4 piston flys out the block.....And I cant order specific engine parts. EEERRRRGHH.I've heard of the mechanic messing up random things. But seriously? Now i'm paying to have the engine fixed. I hope they integrate a way to purchase ANY AND ALL PARTS.All in all, a fantastic game."
,Recommended,516750,33929776,Posted: 31 July,all,Spails,">Driving to get supplies.>Flip van while going around a sharp turn.>Stuck in van.>Figure out a way to climb out passenger door.>Van is still flipped.>Find a way to push the van.>Try to push the van back upright.>Van glitches and goes flying in the air.>Lands upright.>Continue with my day like nothing happened.10/10 this beats any car mechanic simulator out there.Okay, more serious review.The game is fun and does have a lot to appreciate, but there are some things that♥♥♥♥♥♥me the ♥♥♥♥ off.First off, your mouse has to be pixel perfect to put a part in somethings. It's annoying as all hell. You're just trying ot pu ta car together, but the game doesn't want you to.Second, the lack of the tutorial is awful. Car doesn't start, that sucks. How do I put my car together, figure it out. It's annoying.Third, the unexplainable. I finish my car, it starts, I drive down the road. Halfway down the road, it makes a loud pop and refuses to move and then refuses to turn on. So I quit and reload from the save point, which is before the car broke. Now the car just won't start.If this game were not in early access, it would have a thumbs down."
76561198020498595,Recommended,516750,26200588,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Herpes,Markus Kajo on the radio. 5/5
,Recommended,516750,26268746,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tami Tää,"I died 6 times trying to get to the shop and started the game all over again every time. Then I decided to go with no permanent death. Died again and instead of trying to find my van, just went to shop and bought all the beer. Drank the beer while playing slots and teleported home. The hangover effect made me physically sick so I had to take a break and write this. 6/5, will die again."
,Recommended,516750,26272383,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,AndreaS,"This game in a nutshell:Spend 10 hours trying to figure out♥♥♥♥♥♥Spend atleast 4 of those hours drinking beer.The last 1 hour you put the car together.Something is wrong with your car, you decide to♥♥♥♥♥♥on it.Car starts.You put the car in gear.Engine stops.You say ""Satan"" And the car works.Car decides to smoke, and you decide to say ♥♥♥♥ it and take the van.You drive through checkpoint and you stop.You exit the van, punch the officer in the face and drive away.You crash into a tree and you die, and while that is happening you realize you didn't turn off ""Perma death"" and you uninstall the game.10/10."
,Recommended,516750,26420993,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Tyronisaki Deondresuma,"This game is everything and more I could want in an indie title.Sure it looks terrible and I sometimes run over and kill the guy I gave a ride home from the pub, but its features! Amazin features that I hope never change.10/10 would chug 60 beers while driving on the highway again"
76561198044847752,Recommended,516750,26290714,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Sankari,5/5
,Recommended,516750,26246214,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,GadMiuM,"This is unique gaming experience. First hours you get angry to this game because it's quite hard to build a car in the game and this is survival simulator. You need fix, eat, drink and sleep to survive in the game.Have a nice gaming experience!5/524/11/2016This game makes me angry still. It's good game and developers have released good fixes!"
,Recommended,516750,26325207,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Dragunovka,"I usually don't do reviews. Clearly,  this is a different case.This game is different. This game is a single man in his 20's who likes building cars simulator. I have never seen so much depth in something involving building cars. The game is challenging, but remains extremely fun. It might be because I subconsiously know that I'd be in this man's shoes, had I stuck to my construction job and not found a wife.This is the ultimate coming to age simulator. Any car enthusiast with a sense of humor will find themselves wasting their days away, hours at a time, even if it means going back to the store in game because they forgot their grocery bag. Don't like that the clerk didn't remind you while you were busy trashing his store with beer bottles? Flip him off, and speed away if you want. Did I mention that you can drink your own p i ss?Seriously though, there are no words for how much this game has helped me fulfill my inner need to work on cars and skate by in life as a sewage man. The only flaw in the game is that cigarettes haven't been implemented, although I'm sure they're soon to come.If you like beer, pu ssy, and cars, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,516750,26407230,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Ｇａｂｂ.,"A game where you can live life as a man in Finland building a car and drink lots of beer. This is probably one of the best early-access games I've bought on Steam, I recommend this to everyone looking at this review right now.This is the exact reason why I love this game(related story that happened in game, and another reason why I love this game)> draining poop from sewage well> finishes up and goes to local shop/gas station> local pub right next to the gas station was open so i went inside> i drink 3 vodka shots in pub> goes to my truck to refill it> too drunk to refill> i give up> goes back into pub> ""I need more vodka""> i grab vodka on my hand> walk outside and back to my truck> i suddenly collapse, black screen and newspaper comes up> ""man dies of heart attack"" *Somewhat happy music in the background*I learned 2 things from this game, you can die of vodka (probably from every alchohol. idfk.) and I now have more knowledge on cars.5/5."
,Recommended,516750,35202028,Posted: 25 September,all,FAXES,"My Summer Car.... Great game, somtimes. Its cery stable considering its a Early Realese game. I spent alot of time making the car, and its realistic how you do so. MSC is a great finnish game, untill you die (Dont use perm death). Nice open map and nice to slowly have more and more AI going into the game. For a game like this its got a big modding community which is great.To Summerise:- Building the car is realistic- Nice Open map- Good AI except for one ; )- Good Simulator- Big modding community- Stable (Being Early access)- 10 / 10 Will die from Green car again.- 10 /10 Will get ran over by the bus and die again (Happened in my video as seenhttps://youtu.be/dYVtR3kQLPg)-FAXES On YouTube"
,Recommended,516750,33923793,Posted: 31 July,all,The Long Sniper,Cool And Like In Real Life!!!!!
,Recommended,516750,26239591,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Little-Buford,"Grabbed beergot in my van with beerdrove fast while drinking beerhad to urinateswung door open and began to urinate out the side of my vancrashed into tree and diedBest game, very enjoyable"
76561198206160709,Recommended,516750,26206817,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ChampDuck,"This is the type of game which requires patience from you. You live in a countryside, so all stores are fairly far away. Car handling is pretty realistic too and when you combine that with narrow dirt roads, you can easily crash your vehicle. Those dirt roads have 60km/h speed limit and trust me, you should abide it. If you drive 80km/h in there, you will lose control and crash. Also always remember to refuel your car in time, you don't want to run out of fuel in the middle of nowhere(and in this game, that applies to almost any location) This game provides no shortcuts to get out from trouble(other than load your last save which could be couple of hours away easily) the only thing you can do is walk back to your home(or closest location where you have left a vehicle at) and hope you don't die of thirst/hunger along the way(protip: Carry couple of jerrycans in your car to save you from all this trouble) Since it's early access game, there isn't tons of stuff out there, but still enough to make the gameplay enjoyable."
76561198013879328,Recommended,516750,26673847,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,blaunrated60,"I've been wanting to buy a model car to glue together and the like, this is that for the same price but ten times better!  A little more than challenging at times though I probably blame using a keyboard for driving."
76561198066377986,Recommended,516750,31104340,Posted: 12 April,all,Chicken of the Woods,"This game is inspirational.The attention to detail that the developer has put into this game truly reflects the effort behind this person, and the game reflects that on an almost philosophically absurd level.The game is amazing. As someone who was raised around working on old cars my whole life, the detail is so spot on, down to the beer drinking and ordering/waiting for parts. These are the kinds of games that can change the world. This game for example helped me learn the fundamentals of driving a manual transmission.Support this man and his remarkable video game. Brew some kilju,♥♥♥♥♥♥on the man in the yellow car, get knocked out, wake up somewhere cursing the man who stranded you in the middle of the country. Fear and Loathing in Finland.11/10"
76561198148388424,Recommended,516750,33016746,Posted: 29 June,all,Crazysteve190,"TL;DR: this game's detractors are right, but you should still get the game anyway because it's actually great.A lot of these negative reviews talk about how much of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥it is to fasten bolts, assemble parts, operate basic vehicle controls or really do anything in general, these reviews are correct. this game is, in many ways, horrible... but it has a character, charm and vision that has been missing from many games for a long time. (also, it is still being developed so many of these issues will hopefully disappear in time)figuring out how the hell the van's handbrake works, the releif of successfully getting to the shop before it closes, the satisfaction of sucking your first septic tank dry as a bone, the utter triumph of the project car starting for the first time ever, i dread to think what will happen to my pants if i ever win a race... even something as simple as ordering a pair of speakers, bringing them home, opening the box and putting them in is incredibly satisfying, somehow more so in this game than it is in real life.this game is a war of attrition, it is undeniably frustrating, but once you get into it's groove, it becomes a brilliant fantasy meta of satire and nostalgia with the freedom to have some great fun, but be warned, you will have to work for it, and remember, the developer added a swear button for a reason."
,Recommended,516750,31499025,Posted: 1 May,all,BasicallyIamEric,It's like dark souls but with cars
,Recommended,516750,32921545,Posted: 28 June,all,Fotbrir,The best Finland simulator!
,Recommended,516750,26230533,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,boski,Buy it.
,Recommended,516750,26201208,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Lentomakkara,Very good yes
76561197974702171,Recommended,516750,26204209,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Polari,Insanity and genius
,Not Recommended,516750,34840538,Posted: 9 September,all,Oasis,"Awesome game but can't recommend it in the current state. Too clunky, too weird about controls, not playable without at least a controller."
,Recommended,516750,26199045,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,𝕄𝕒𝕣𝕔𝕩𝕪𝕪,"Mad Max Finland, 10/10."
,Recommended,516750,26292907,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SnowMew~,"I have been sat for 2 hours building an engine, and I still got it wrong.10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26198997,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Maxmani,I have no idea what I'm doing.
76561198059648886,Recommended,516750,26228972,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Valtio[Not MvP],"The best Gta ever! I really enjoy playing this game but there is something missing.What i would like to have in this game:- (edit) Third person!- Sprint- multiplayer- Working mosquite spray- Controller support- somekind of map where you can see where is places you need or need to go like where the **** should i take those logs??- i dont know if there is but more cars you can buy or get somewhere- closer store :D- more modes, like rally mode where you can start with a rallycar and start racing with it or ""gta"" mode where you can have guns and kick peoples♥♥♥♥♥But this really is the game i only need, its fun, its hard and there is lot to do! Go Finland!Sry for typos and♥♥♥♥♥♥(edit) do anyone else have the problem with gastanks or how do you open traktors tank?"
,Recommended,516750,26201807,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,ni🅱🅱a,wery good game good
76561198272010665,Recommended,516750,26676248,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,JONY,THIS GAME IS EPIC I WANT to no why peopl r so stupid the devoliper work hard on this every one is trying to ruin it if u dont like it than just suck t
,Recommended,516750,26447771,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,✯✯ Atago ✯✯,10/10 would drown in sewage again
76561198260156939,Recommended,516750,26237311,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Гопник,> empty sewage well> let the brown juice flow to customers yard> drink beer> repeatBest game 2016.
76561198066296927,Recommended,516750,26450755,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,CaïdRocket,Everyone's drunk and the highways are death traps.....I absolutely love it!
,Recommended,516750,26200611,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ranzuz,5/5Ei kannata lähtee traktorilla kylille
76561198360249067,Recommended,516750,29578873,Posted: 29 January,all,wfrancis2205,it wont let me go in the game its keps saing oops the game charesd and i just got the game
,Recommended,516750,26304777,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,SAMSSON,Really fun game but still this need multiplayer :/
76561198018029581,Recommended,516750,26241076,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,ARussianMan,It's been 84 years...
,Recommended,516750,26326500,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Stephen,">Spent 3 hours putting engine together using guide.>Needed food and stuff, drove to shop.>Was nighttime so had to wait like half an hour till shop opens.>Bought everything in shop.>Got half way home, lost control of van and crashed head onto crazy techno driver.>Died.>Repeated whole process without dieing this time.>A few hours later, almost home.>Flipped my van 20 yards from home.>Used sewage truck to flip my van back over.>Got my van sorted, got sewage van stuck in middle of road.>Tried to use tractor to unstuck sewage truck.>Failed.>Thought it would be a good idea to use tractor to lift up car for easy accessibility to underside.>Fails, put the forks through front windshield, bent all the frame work on car.>Crashed car into the pit trying to roll it in garage.>Realised I've been playing for like 6 hours and hadn't tended to any of the basic human needs to survive.10/10 would play Scandinavian life simulator again."
,Recommended,516750,28330851,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Letax CZ,"Honestly I have no ♥♥♥♥ing idea how to assembly that car, but I can get ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥d and I have to do tons of tedious work to have money for booze.. Most realistic game ever."
76561198167403641,Recommended,516750,28366072,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Skylar,its hard but i like the truck
,Recommended,516750,28980545,Posted: 3 January,all,Roder777,Poop.
76561198228871460,Recommended,516750,29710769,Posted: 4 February,all,HeyJayPay,"This is an amazing game. Realistic car building, tuning and dri.....no, not driving. Actually, driving is the only part about this game that I hate. You can spend hours building and tuning your car but as soon as you drive off to go get some food from town, you spin off the road and die instantly apon hitting a tree. Boom. All your progress instantly vanished just because you held ""D"" for 0.00012 seconds too long while going around a corner. Other the the horrid driving mechanics, everything else is great.building: 8/10tuning: 9/10car part realism: 9/10driving: -10/10crashing: 10/10wanting to punch my screen in: 10/10"
76561198047945260,Recommended,516750,32674388,Posted: 23 June,all,Realistic (METOR),Soo is this game good ? Yes!!! it's really fun to play first things you do is a little boring some times like you bringing the car back takes a long time if you don't know how to do it but there is soo many videos outside that can help you about that anyways get this game it get's updates or some type of new contents in like 1 or 2 months and dev hotfixes if there is a bug the game is good the dev is awsome hell just if you don't have anything to do in game if you are bored just get in drive the car around it's really fun BUY IT!!!!
76561198076311295,Recommended,516750,26734657,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,OfficialTekniikkaPvP,Make multiplayer and in that racing with friends :)
,Recommended,516750,26394816,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Brian_Williams,"You know, with almost twenty hours of gameplay into this game. I'm ready to make a nice review.So I actually found this game a long ways back, months most likely. I thought to myself ""Aww heck yes, this game is gonna be great"" Well I found out that it came out on Facebook, when Roadkill picked it up awhile back and then just about a week ago posted that this game was out on Steam and it passed Greenlight. Yes!So I dialed up the card, took out my 3rd loan of this year and bought it just as my car was getting repo'd. Anyway. I spent maybe 30 minutes in this game. Told my friend it was a horrible mess and returned it. I bought CoD: WaW.. Then later I started getting jelous again. I wanted it again because it was very unique. So I returned WaW (I didn't care) and bought this along with a couple others. And man. This was the best re-investment I could have ever bought.I have died numerous times, going to fast, going to fast, beer bottle stuck behind the brake pedal so I can't stop (This isn't a thing but I think it should), falling in a septic tank. I have dented the car I was building numerous times. So much so that I couldn't put gas in it. I laughed when I should have been angry. I have never had this much fun with a game that's in Early Access. I'm looking at you DayZ!Anyway, I digress. This is a wonderfull game. It has a whole bunch of different nuts and bolts, leaving you scrambling for different wrenches and flat head screwdrivers. You can not insert something, like a piston and blow up the engine later. It won't tell you that you're doing it wrong. You're all on your own. You'll get calls from people telling you to suck their $hit up. And deliver them logs, and a fat guy calling you in the early morning to pick his drunk♥♥♥♥♥♥up from the bar, all the while you're drinking with a crate of 24 brewskis in the passenger seat as you down them one by one. You'll also have to budget your money wisely. Spend it all on parts now and don't eat or get the food and drinks now and save up some money for the extra parts you DO want.This game is also not for everyone. I know this review won't do it's purpose but others will. Anyway, I love this game, if we got this much content right now, I know there will be tons more later. I think currently the developer is a one man team I'm guessing. So it might take awhile but it will be worth the wait.Thank You."
76561198268769968,Recommended,516750,29416190,Posted: 22 January,all,OdiePodie,8/10
76561198120827590,Recommended,516750,29281455,Posted: 15 January,all,renz03,My summer car is a fantastic game.  I have always wanted to experience sucking poo from a septic tank!10/10 would suck poo againAlso extra points for the car building part of the game.
,Recommended,516750,29153414,Posted: 9 January,all,Exka,>drink>drive>die horriblya sublimely and thoroughly realistic simulation of life in Finland during the summer in the 90s.5/5also don't drink and drive.
76561198026077238,Recommended,516750,26240836,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,suntan,"Few games innovate on fun, and this is one of those games. The humor outshines any insane realism requirements the game throws at you. Well worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,516750,32109216,Posted: 1 June,all,norbert79,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! I just realised, that I didn't do any review on this yet... *Walks in*So thank you for the microphone, khm, is this thing on...? Let me open my glasses. *Starts reading*""Dear fellow Finish friends, Dear people of My Summer Caria!This game's journey has been an exciting one, bound with frustration, curiosity, joy, happiness and lots of alcohol. I remember the day, when I first started the game, I was amazed by the amount of parts, items and gizmos available.The focus was on the car mostly for myself at start, but with each step, each day I started realizing, that it has much more. It's not just a way of playing, it literally brought Finland into your PC. It captured the imagination of so many while offering a total freedom of gameplay not many games offer.Despite being a bit of comical nature the game actually captures the way how a young 19 year old boy could have felt left alone at home with nothing else to do, than to repair a car. It brings up memories, despite I was already hooked on the PC when I was 19.I would like to thank you Johannes Rojola for your creation, a world you built, a little something from your past shared with so many. I wish you many many more players and helpers to keep this wonderful world of yours alive.""*Puts away the paper, exits stage left*"
,Recommended,516750,26218936,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Ropsu,"Like Finland weather and mosquitos? Then you have to buy this game!Hate weather and mosquitos? Then you have to buy this game! (Mute ingamesounds then, noobs)Its very realistic to put items through walls and stuff but thats what we do in Finland."
76561198171803771,Recommended,516750,26515173,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,01antonl,"I love this game so much and I hope co op gets added to my summer car, and I hope more updates will come, this game is to fun to stop playing msc, its just to much fun. Now days I only play msc"
76561198078505104,Recommended,516750,32031155,Posted: 28 May,all,K I N G  S L A V E,Still not completed the car10/10 would not finish car again
76561198089026317,Recommended,516750,26727297,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,VB,"I strongly recommend this game to other people, it is very enjoyable and funny. Although there are a few glitches here and there, but thats a reason why this game is ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious. I rate this game 8/8"
76561197969773361,Recommended,516750,31626352,Posted: 8 May,all,[BIER]hu5a,Finnlanda Simulator for Car Freaks and nostalgia fans of 1995 Europe Countrys. Near everything are iconic and relevant for this time you can find in the game if you get your eyes open. Alot funny jokes implemented and it is a bit dirty or filthy overall. great work from the Developers and still incoming patches and fixes. keep it alife.i realy like
,Recommended,516750,32121376,Posted: 1 June,all,Calabresi W,"I can live in a game finally, I can die too, would live and die my entire life in it. 11/10It´s the most ""realistic"" build, tune, break and destroy, maintenance, upgrade car related, and life, pee and beer drinking game/sim I know, perhaps the only one, and it´s phenomenal!Waiting for ""My Winter Car"" in future, or more of ""My Summer Car"" add in future.Long live My Summer Car."
,Recommended,516750,32113967,Posted: 1 June,all,POWER_Gaming,very fun but extremely stressfull
,Recommended,516750,31714368,Posted: 12 May,all,Pain Enforcer ™,"great game, hard, funny♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198362101387,Recommended,516750,29820710,Posted: 10 February,all,ingamegamer,THIS IS A FUN GAME IF I WERE YOU I WOULD TRY IT
76561198063197630,Recommended,516750,30952871,Posted: 4 April,all,TIMS.,"Bought the game, did not like itFiled a refund, grantedGame removed from account, but can still run the game from the folder steamappsEasy.11/10"
76561197970652600,Recommended,516750,26367124,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Likeawizardssleeve,omg this game is an autism simulator
76561198083588893,Recommended,516750,26643474,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Comrade Nallepuuro,Im finnish and I approve of this game
,Recommended,516750,31708188,Posted: 12 May,all,Conor McGregor,its suck and i dont like it
,Recommended,516750,28770288,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Rat With Testicles,Everything in this game is perfect.
,Recommended,516750,30729608,Posted: 25 March,all,3lcr0,Rage inducing
76561198346445952,Recommended,516750,30673324,Posted: 22 March,all,SKYdoesRUSTCRAFT,KILJU
,Recommended,516750,26507093,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Master Yoda,finland
76561198140444081,Recommended,516750,26378999,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Pappakarhu,Choose permadeathbuild carcar works somehowdrive like a maniacbe cool and drink beergo to saunadie because you didn't brought beerbe sadwould do again 6/5
,Recommended,516750,31657016,Posted: 9 May,all,AlfaPhoxtrot,░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██▐░▄▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▐░░▄▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐
,Recommended,516750,26236946,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Roockstar,How to play:- Drive into police check.- Run over a police officer.- Pay fine.- Drive on.10/10
,Recommended,516750,26328709,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Delskiitot,this must be called life simulation..
,Recommended,516750,26568622,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,NathanX42,"I don't know anything about Finland other than it's near Russia, but from what I've seen playing this game it's not too far from Rural Kentucky.10/10 would drink peer and swear while being ran off the road again."
76561198080776504,Recommended,516750,27799579,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BOM CHICKA WAH WAH,"After 38 hours my summer car has 2/4 pistons left, the engine leaks all the oil immediately when I add more, I can't drive more than 100 meters with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and I just set the engine on fire accidentally. BUT I HAVE TWO KICKASS SUBWOOFERS AND A CD-PLAYER SO I CAN LISTEN TO MY VOMIT INDUCING 90s TECHNO TRACK COLLECTION UNTIL THE BATTERY IS DEAD OR MY BELOVED SATSUMA COMMITS SUICIDE!THIS IS SOME MERCILESS♥♥♥♥♥♥HERE! I LOVE IT!I rate this game a Teimo telling me about his wrestling career for the 9000th time/5."
,Recommended,516750,26502625,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,🍌,"The first time I played this game I had what was possibly one of the most beautiful moments in gaming that I have ever experienced.After exploring my house and fiddling around with some engine componentry for a bit, I realized I was getting hungry, and realized I should probably head over to the shop to get some groceries before it got dark. Setting off in my shitbox van, I promptly found that I was lost in the night. I forgot my flashlight, and was just about unable to get out of the van, my only source of light. And to top things off, I was slowly dying of thirst.After doing a loop of the freeway and receiving a very confusing fine from the police, I finally found the right exit and got to the shop. At this point it would have been well past midnight and it was closed. But then I heard it. Hauntingly beautiful music that I did not understand a single word of, inviting me into the pub next door. I greeted the barkeep, with his horribly misshapen face, bought a few peers, and settled in for the night.(I then spent the next three hours of my life repeatedly attempting to buy groceries, but dying every time.)"
76561198054794133,Recommended,516750,26305698,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Elmo87,"Well where to start? I think I'll go thru my experience bit by bit to give a feel for how crazy this game is.1st Try: So I start and don't really know what to do but there's some beer n sausages waiting for me so I think 'I'll put them in the fridge. I end up getting pretty hungry and thirsty walking around getting a feel for my surroundings and trying things out so I spend a good bit of time getting drunk and launching bottles across the kitchen. You see I don't know too much about cars either but I was like 'what the hell this game looks like fun'. So I look in the garage...mother of god there's a lot of parts which I think is testament to the detail of this game. I'm not Finnish either and I was about 8 when this game is based but I loved it. All sorts of weird stuff going on I think to myself. Posters in Finnish, people on the phone in Finnish, yeah thats right...I got called, a few times but I didn't wana get bogged down but then I noticed some more weirdness.One example of this weirdness is a feature I rather enjoyed...peeing...yes thats right, peeing. It took me back to the endless joy of postal 2 and peeing on passers by. Anyway I thought I could just pee here...in the kitchen or anywhere, but I thought, 'heck I wasn't some kind of slob I'll use the toilet'. Well after a good few minutes I was done and thoroughly proud I managed to pee resonably strait. I also began to get smelly and dirty but I kept walking around, it got dark, I got a flashlight. Nearly got lost. Then there was the van, couldn't get it started at first but with a bit of perseverance it stuttered into life and I just started driving. Then after I while I decided to see how much fuel there was...duh! Well yeah it was nearly gone by the time I checked, I was just so pleased to get the thing working. So that ended that.2nd Try: This time I actually looked at the map that was in the house and planned my next move, 'explore!' I thought. Well I got wind there was a boat somewhere and a big town on the other side of the lake so I got in the boat and after heaving on the starter a few times I was off. It took a while I won't lie, but when I got there in rain, thunder and lightning I was elated. I mainly went to find shops or any place where I could get supplies but I saw the pub. BINGO! Went in and got drunk. Basically realised the boat was too far away and that it would be a mega pain to go back. So that ended that.3rd Try: Well this time I was psyched, I thought I had it all down. I checked the map, saw a decent route to the main town (that I can't pronounce or spell) and made a mental checklist...left, right & right. Sorted. But I decided to take my beer, sausages and gas can...you never know, I could run out of fuel be stranded and need to get drunk to soothe my woes. It was all going so well, I was on the main road shifting up to the next gear then the next and hammering down the road at about 90 km/h. I know the van was a diesel but it felt like a steam powered tractor trundling down the road but I really did feel like I was in a piece of crap minivan. I saw the speed limit '100' and knew 90-ish was a safe speed and then I saw them, waiting for me. The FEDS! or cops or whatever you wana call them and I reckoned it'd be fine, I hadn't touched a drop yet and as I sailed by them I hear sirens blaring I was like wtf!I knew then I had two choices; pullover like a good citizen or irresponsibly hit the pedal and haul♥♥♥♥♥ Can you guess which? Naturally I felt I'd done nothing wrong, either that or the speedo was wrong but yes I got the hell outta there. Well actually I sort erratically rumbled up the road at high speed! (well a little over 100) and then I knew I couldn't out run them and tried to stop and pull over but the van tumbled into the ditch and hit a tree and smashed the windscreen killing me out right. My death was reported in the paper, I'd say I felt sad but I was laughing my♥♥♥♥♥off that I'd been playing for about ten minutes and somehow got involved in a police chase in a minivan and ended up dying horribly. So that ended that.Now I just need to learn how to put a car together or get to that town without dying, all in all I was pretty glad I got this and would recommend it even to people who don't know about cars cos it's a pretty insane free roaming 90's Finnish experience, no glitz or glamour, you just make your own plan and decide what your gona do. Its EA so yeah there's plenty missing and I think I'll recommend a few things after I play more but it's not bad for what the price tag is and has had me playing for a while. I think I'll play it again now, wish me luck!"
76561198012552425,Recommended,516750,26305857,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Hoodai,"10 mins ingame -OK, that livingroom table looks way too familiar....30 mins ingame -3 deaths trying to find a way to the shop...2 hours ingame -4 deaths trying to get to shop...5 hours ingame -Lets do some♥♥♥♥♥♥job....6 hours ingame -Oh, wait I should start building my car.7 hours ingame -been building a car for 1 hour, didnt know about the tool mode and the whole satsuma explodes to pieces,,.11 hours ingame -Just dropped my Engine in place and on my way to get gas for Satsuma, I hear bass sound coming towards me aaaand he knocked me off the road and I died. 5 seconds later... Notice you had permadeath enabled.... GG!10/10 would die again"
,Recommended,516750,26325370,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,GreaseGunner,You will never get more out of a game for your money.GOTY 2016 and all forthcomming years.If you disagree you just don't get it.Buy this game.
,Recommended,516750,26287158,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,JorgenSF,"Car Mechanic Simulator, GTA and Dirt Rally had a baby with slight fetal alcohol syndrome and it grew up to become this game, and it's fantastic."
,Recommended,516750,26427467,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Asator,"To make things short :This game is a ton of fun to me, I don't know why, but it just is!Yes, the game is still very buggy/glitchy right now (car parts just falling off even though double-checked the bolts, car body getting dents from pushing the car into the garage, once fell through the floor with the Sewege Truck and ended up spinning endlessly...such things)...however, this game was the most entertaining Early Access title I've played so far this year. About 27h on record right now and my car is just BUILT, but not even close to operational (had to restart the game numerous times though, dying from crashing into rocks/trees while fumbling around with the radio, dying from falling into the Sewer 'cause me hose fell in and I tried to grab it without looking where I was going).Can I recommend this game to anyone? Hard to say, depending on your gaming habits....If you're looking for a game to relax a bit after work before you dive into the salty waters of CS:GO or BF1 with your mates, this is definetly a good choice. Just you on your own, building a car, eating fast food, drinking cheap (well not really...it's Finland) booze and a lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! Especially if you spice things up with some happy Humppa music and evil finnish black metal (Horna is a weird fit for MSC) for the customizable radio station :DAll in all, solid 7.5/10, minus points given for bugs/glitches,the fugly graphics (usually not an issue for me, but c'mon lads. it's 2016 not 1996) and that it's not really giving you any instructions how to do certain things (starting up the van, where to find the vehicles that you need for your work etc.)."
76561198045358860,Recommended,516750,29805047,Posted: 9 February,all,"Johnny ""Big Bones"" Boner",P E R K E L EV I T T US A A T A N A
,Recommended,516750,26243139,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Ozrics,"Got drunk, smashed a shop window, unable to start my van.Great game, a lot of content."
,Recommended,516750,34118460,Posted: 8 August,all,High igartuat,i praise this game
76561197976769245,Recommended,516750,29052801,Posted: 5 January,all,Barricade,"1st Attempt:-Walked around the house for 15 minutes trying to figure out the controls-Saw a Christmas package on the floor-Opened it up and drank the vodka-Wandered around in a drunkin stupor for 5 minutes until I physically couldn't take it anymore and had to restart2nd Attempt:-Spent 30 minutes happily assembling my car-Phone rang and a stranger wanted me to deliver firewood to him-Saw a tractor, trailer and a pile of wood. So I begin chopping-35 minutes later I had everything loaded up and ready to go-About 15 minutes of driving after taking a wrong turn I found his house-I accidently pushed him and he fell over dead-About 5 minutes of driving I made it back home with no one the wiser-Starving and wanting to buy food, I got into my van and set off driving to the city-While messing with the radio the van slammed into a tree and I died.3rd Attempt:-Completed the entire suspension system on my car-Answered the phone of the guy wanting wood-Chopped wood and set the trailer outside my house for delivery first thing in the morning-Went to bed, woke up and made the delivery-Earned a cool 3 grand and headed back home-Took a steaming hot shower and got hungry-With cash in hand and a clean body- I was ready to hit the town-Got in the van and sped off to the city-Lost control of the van and slid down an embankment into a lake-Drowned10/10"
,Recommended,516750,29048398,Posted: 5 January,all,CobaltLightning,"So far I have died in a horrific traffic accident (really should've worn a seatbelt), drowned in a septic tank, and been electrocuted when I answered the phone.I relly should be angry that I lost all my progress with that last one, but instead I hace a stupid grin on my face.I look forward to finding other ways to fail building a car..."
,Recommended,516750,29043367,Posted: 5 January,all,Beazley (Alt),If u Guys Fix The Low FPS Probplem this would be amazing im not the only one experencing low fps even tho i exceed the specs
76561198116142639,Recommended,516750,31765107,Posted: 15 May,all,HTID13,best game just nead more car parts
76561198151031748,Recommended,516750,26341832,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mystic,"THIS IS THE MOST AMAZING GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED,  NUFF SAID"
76561198218745857,Recommended,516750,33541504,Posted: 14 July,all,Dovahkiin,"-spend two minutes figuring out how to open doors-look at parts of car------look up guide-finish the car and feel proud-drive to mechanic and get sweet tuneup and paint job-get hit by drunk driver-try to ALT+F4 on death screen-too slow-respawn back at house with car in pieces, no money, and van out of gas-ALT+F4 works now10/10 CTRL+ALT+DEL works better"
76561198040700025,Recommended,516750,26309392,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,rwind903,"Beat up some guy and stole his booze, got blackout drunk and stole a car and wrecked it on my way to the store for supplies. 10/10 GTA 6"
,Recommended,516750,29806343,Posted: 9 February,all,Silja (Ice_VTC),its a very good game
,Recommended,516750,33394390,Posted: 8 July,all,Seijaku.kun,"After playing Car Mechanic Simulator, I said to myself ""hey, similar but with open world mechanics!!"". So I got into the game, filled the van with beer. Drove completely drunk, giving the finger to bypassers. Completely wasted the van. Went back home walking, only to be thirsty again and having to go to the shop. 11/10 would waste my time again like that."
,Recommended,516750,26725115,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Krisu,goty
76561198056188758,Recommended,516750,26608997,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,TheMajesticPie,"Attempt 1 - Get in van to go to the store to buy food and what not, get stuck in a ditch and have to restartAttempt 2 - Get in van, get further than before, think its going well and then roll the van and have to start againAttempt 3 - Get in van, drive to town, miss the turn into town, try to turn in road, hit by car and dieAttempt 4 Get in van, drive to town, but all food and beer, fill up on diesel, make way back home, roll van and have to start again10/10 would roll van before even attempting to build the car again"
,Recommended,516750,32983126,Posted: 29 June,all,Minarelli ツ,Nice game!
,Recommended,516750,33185305,Posted: 3 July,all,SendNudsPls,nice
76561198068482973,Recommended,516750,33100218,Posted: 1 July,all,Rorius,A true finnish simulator.
76561198175554073,Recommended,516750,31980943,Posted: 26 May,all,ThePolishAstronaut,"-buys game-takes Uncle's Blue Van to the shops to get some food and parts for my car-sees guy in pimped up car with loud music.-being the first person i saw in finland (people are a very rare occurance in Finland) walks up to him to say hi-driver swears at me-in retaliation, i proceed to urinate into his car before flipping him off-tries to drive away, but instead spins in a circle, nearly hits my van, and then crashes into a bus,-10 minutes later, as i drive home, i see tire marks on the road.-wonders who would make them (AI in red and green cars are reckless, but not enough to make tire marks on the asphalt road)-sees guy from before upside down in a ditch.11/10EDIT: (Pretty much a part 2 of stories)-decides to try bus feature-sits down on bus and waits a bit-realizes i need to buy a bus ticket-just outside my window a guy tries to ovetake bus- me ""hi!""-guy gets clobered by sudden van and both of them go flying into distance11/10"
76561198052902384,Recommended,516750,26652350,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,ZNARF,Very good but no quick save
76561197985658084,Recommended,516750,26296481,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Heiskanen,Awesome game!
76561198194025567,Recommended,516750,26663924,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,skflatlander,"This game in Early Access is more polished than a lot of games that go to full release. Sure there are still some wonky physics, but not as often as one would expect. One has to understand that this game has a lot of small parts that interact with each other and would have been a ton of work to code and appreciate how good the game does feel.Now lets compare My Summer Car (MSC) to another exploration, survival, crafting game. No Man's Sky (NMS). The main goal of MSC is to build your car and upgrade it so you can enter a race. The main goal of NMS is to fix your ship, upgrade it and get the center of the galaxy. NMS has weird looking aliens speaking in incomprehensible language but you slowly start learning it from orbs. MSC has some ""interesting"" looking Finnish folk speaking an incomprehensible language that you never learn, unless you're Finnish.But enough about the similarities, lets talk about the major differences.In MSC you need money to buy upgrades and food. To earn money you do different jobs including cut and haul firewood, pump septic tanks and pick up drunks from the pub. To buy all the upgrades you don't have to do a lot of work (assuming you don't get many speeding or DUI tickets) In NMS you need resources to fuel you ship/ survival suit and money to buy parts for your ship / a better ship. To get this you shot a laser at {insert not so randomly generated rock/plant/gravity defying monolithic ore pile}. There is no other way to fix/power your ship and you have to grind and grind and grind just to get by.MSC has dynamic weather, time of day, and when it is dark it is dark. NMS has color filters and doesn't believe even space should be black. MSC has survival elements but you never feel ruled by the ""health"" bars. NMS you are constantly managing health bars to the determent of game play. MSC launched into early access with some glitches, but regular updates and feedback from the developer all for 1/6 the price of ""AAA"" game. Also side note this game runs smoothly at 144 FPS on my computer. NMS launched as a complete game with major and in some cases game breaking glitches, with minimal updates turning into none and no feedback from the developers. It also could get 60 FPS if nothing else was happening on the screen and I wasn't moving.In closing thoughts I have had way more fun playing MSC than many other games. It understands gaming. It has a vision and path, but allows you to explore and play however you want. It also allows you to fail. In NMS no matter how hard you tried you can't crash your ship into the planet. In MSC I can not count the times I have died in car crashes, and more embarrassingly falling into septic tanks."
76561197964490875,Recommended,516750,28063295,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Guybrush Threepwood,Awesome game as a swede i can relate to the enviroment and way of living
,Recommended,516750,28069549,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,anime fag ツ,"Lovely game, i need the badges for the awards alright!"
,Recommended,516750,33072392,Posted: 1 July,all,gdogwoof,"I beat some dude up, stuffed him into a sewage tanker passenger seat, drove into a tunnel and got hit by a train. Truly, this is the intended use of the game, and I have just won"
,Recommended,516750,26476578,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Danthe,The Finnish is the new Russian.
,Recommended,516750,28171530,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,NanShanker420,This game is called My Summer Car
,Recommended,516750,29443607,Posted: 23 January,all,Slyder,Even in it's current state the game is flawless !  Can't wait for more content.  Also will someone shut that F***ing dog up ?
76561198370476194,Recommended,516750,31303504,Posted: 22 April,all,RbgHacker4,the best game1 in my house is ghost2 my car is full food
76561198072772892,Recommended,516750,26248217,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,H4N5,SISU!
76561198076958104,Recommended,516750,29984296,Posted: 17 February,all,Indominus Rex™,Its actually really fun i recomend it 9.5/10
76561198131603143,Recommended,516750,29975333,Posted: 16 February,all,lelmar_2002,can u geys incorperat multyplayer plz
,Recommended,516750,29852789,Posted: 11 February,all,onfiremaverick,"was driving to the shop, had beer in my car with me, reached over to grab a bottle and crashed into a tree. 11/10 Would drink and drive again."
,Recommended,516750,26201435,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,rip finnmark men идиот,"Great game for small dollar (+ teimo vittuilu)Things i would like to see in future builds is more npc interaction and overall more points of interests (also smaller ones)  through whole map and of course, multiplayer, but that won't probably happen officially.But overall yes very good for now"
76561198340846699,Recommended,516750,30604319,Posted: 18 March,all,ryan8186,this game sucks. it won't let me drive any cars . if everything worked i think it would be awsome but right now i wish i could get my money back. DON'T GET THIS GAME NOTHING WORKS!!!!!!!!I was going to delete all of this but i was wrong. if you read down you will see what happend. this is a awsome game.
,Recommended,516750,33386125,Posted: 8 July,all,Sinx,The best survival horror game ever. 10/10
76561198120613874,Recommended,516750,26280810,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Ron - Dummy Craft Industries,"So this is the first time i have written a review... this game deserved it, it it truly ♥♥♥♥ing amazing, contains working on cars, eating drinking, peeing, washing, killing people, getting drunk, and dying. This is legit the most fun i had in a while, i played it for 2 hours and this is what happend...I worked on carI got thirsty and drank beeri went across a lake for food and drinksspent 5 minutes starting the boatnearly loosing the 200$ worth of food on the way backI drank more beer..I worked on carI broke cari worked on engineI couldnt take it back apart when i ♥♥♥♥ed upI got a phone callI drove to someones house to plung a toleton the way i found a guy with beerI punched the guy with the beerI drank his beer and freaked the ♥♥♥♥ outi drove drunk and killed another guythen i drove into a tree after accidently going off the road at full speed and diedI am madly in love with this game, best 13$ i have spent in my whole ♥♥♥♥ing life... I dont think i will have a life anymore with a game this good. I HIGHLY recomend this game to anyone.. anyone at all.. buy it for your ♥♥♥♥ing dog to be honest.End of review :)"
,Recommended,516750,33855429,Posted: 28 July,all,F12_OM,"If you think GTA V is the best open world game, sorry, you haven't know everything. This game is basically more than GTA V with sauna and the ability to pee. It's a 15 dollar game, but beats a 50 dollar game in a wide margin."
,Recommended,516750,29453187,Posted: 23 January,all,Fred,"Assembling the car is a great puzzle game in it's own right, and driving around the rural map is great for chilling out.Your car is♥♥♥♥♥♥ but you'll grow to love it.Some people say there's not much to do other than do odd jobs to earn money for more parts, but I feel like that's missing half the point of the game. Driving your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car is everything you've got.It is VERY rough around the edges. Basically anything that isn't a vehicle looks terrible, but in a charming way.It's definitely not for everyone, and I think it really helps to have been growing up in a similar environment the game takes place in.I've never been into cars but I appreciate the throwback to rural car culture, and I think everyone can laugh at the riced-out techno idiot ending up in a ditch with untz untz blaring at full volume.Very unique game. If you come in expecting anything even resembling a normal driving simulator, you'll be disappointed, but if you have an open mind or enjoy left-field games, you'll have some good fun.Some advice, avoid looking up a guide on assembling the car. I did, and I feel like I missed out on the experience and frustration of building an entire car without reference."
76561198258337301,Recommended,516750,26318824,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SleepyKitsune,Spent my last $13 on this game now i have no food but its well worth the hunger.10/10 would starve again.>12 Hour updateFinished the car got to drive it to town going down the interstate loose control and die.Go get van on way to rescue car get ran off the road by other car died.Got sewage truck to rescue both van and car flipped truck into tree and died......Got tractor and began the long drive to save car got to interstate got rearended by car died.........Go and get beer and take the boat to town made it to town ran to interstate where i hear loud music with lots of bass turn around and get ran over by street racer?6.2/10 would rage again10/10 would die again10/10 would play again
,Recommended,516750,33259278,Posted: 4 July,all,Lolimuse Broccolious,It's okay I guess.
,Recommended,516750,26545103,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,XxXxXxM1n3Cr4ftPu55yS14Y3RxXxXxX,"How to I begin?I woke up, with a passion to finish my dream car, spent the morning building my engine when i recieved a phonecall for a a bedload of firewood. (gotta make that extra cash for parts.)I proceed over to my wood chopping stump. spent a good most of the remaining daylight chopping and loading my van. Hopped on in and proceeded to drive but i had a panic spasm and punched my windshield out. Not a problem i can't fix later, this wood is my priority. I proceeded to kick it up to gear 3 on the dirt path but i started to catch some air and smashed into a tree and die. 10/10 would chop wood again."
,Recommended,516750,34113888,Posted: 8 August,all,L'Imperatore Pallido,P.E.R.K.E.L.E.! V.I.T.T.U.!
,Recommended,516750,26487872,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,[R.V]Michael1quad [YELLOW GIBUS],i would like to see this game with online to play with friends more car and fixs the glitches and find a way to fix dents or have away when building the car it dosnt dent and better driving and handling
,Recommended,516750,28834974,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NapalmSticksToKids,"I ended up drunk driving, flipping my van, and drowning in a pit of human excrement while trying to earn money.11/10 would drown in a septic tank again."
,Recommended,516750,26228125,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,KNGS,"Wake up in kitchen.Drink beer.Start building car.Drink beer.Car flips when you glitch inside it.Drink beer.Use hiace to flip satsuma around.Drink beer.Push car inside garage.Drink beer.Notice beer case is empty.Go get more beer from shop with hiace.Hatchbackhomo comes 150kmh towards you in dirt road.Lose control of hiace.Die.For real though, this game is the most accurate car building simulator done so far. Pretty realistic in all ways. I have enjoyed every single minute of it. And after 15 hours and a couple of knockbacks and deaths, I finally got my satsuma to move :)"
,Recommended,516750,30019766,Posted: 18 February,all,.BigSeyjaN,very funny and detailed game
76561198353395050,Recommended,516750,33006505,Posted: 29 June,all,Mutoumbo Nogalumba,Start up gameTake a while to build carTune car for perfectionGet smashed on schnappsSmash car into tree and die10/10
76561198368661365,Recommended,516750,34379748,Posted: 20 August,all,zaknerf44,it keeps crashing on me developer please fix this!
76561198272695976,Recommended,516750,28215923,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,jyair71,would lke controller support would be nice
76561198077367066,Recommended,516750,28217514,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Mercedes S Class 2017,Finnlabd simulatir 2016
,Recommended,516750,26202573,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Sepulchrum,The kind of game I've waited for all my life.
76561198042217341,Recommended,516750,26335974,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Maxamaicus,"driving down the highway at 120kph in a fully loaded poo truck, hear green devil's euro beat approaching. Just as he screams past,  swerve and smash his front left corner.He goes flying off the road, poo truck barley slows down. Brake and head back to the crash site and find him stuck on his side in a ditch with euro beat still blaring.Empty the poo tuck into his driver window while drinking peer and listening to my custom radio station."
,Recommended,516750,26249649,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Fleshmeister,"I was going to fix my car but i ended up in a 2 day drinking spree in a tractor involving burglary, gambling &♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥myself.I crashed and died the third day after vodkabreakfast and a hurry to the store for more beer.EDIT (This is the future): Just buy it, i mean. It will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, but the satisfaction when you finally get gold in the rally is awesome!"
,Recommended,516750,26249813,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,pyssyy :),best car game i ever played 10/10
,Recommended,516750,28737988,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Curtoast ツ,"Let me start off by saying that i bought this game with the intent to play some of it then get a refund and get a different game, just to try it out. And the game ran good, the first impressions were great. After the third time building the engine, because of deaths, i finally got the engine done and in the car with all the suspension done aswell. (ALL FLUIDS WERE IN THE ENGINE) At this point i am super excited, I finally get to go get it inspected. So i run in to my house to sleep and completely forget to save the game. Morning arrives and I run out to my garage and start my car. I let it warm up, throw it in reverse, turn around, and put it in 1st. Of course, I thought it would be a good idea to floor it and do a massive burnout in my driveway.I learned to never do that ever again....https://i.gyazo.com/b162cefecf681b425f97c3a4ceae7d62.jpgSo I thought, Well i just saved my game before this happened. So i just quit to the menu, and it turns out i never saved it....Conclusion: Good game. Played too much so now i cant refund. Forced to accept the fact that I destroyed my car under my own stupidity.   9/10 Realism"
,Recommended,516750,27784021,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Snail,It's a good little game. Never felt so in peace before.
,Recommended,516750,29979864,Posted: 17 February,all,ExiledRay,It is the best car-building-game i've ever playedThe only bad thing is that the rally is rigged9/10
,Recommended,516750,26243365,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,{RISE}Mittens²™,">driving down the highway>really need to get fuel, food, and liquid courage>hear distant bass""i wonder what that could be"">bass gets stronger>starts forming coherent noise>it's eurobeatfear.vlc>it starts poundling louder>the rain creates an atmosphere only comparable to the T. Rex breakout in Jurassic Park>the highway is empty with no obstacles in sight>all of a sudden a small green blip appears on the horizon>behind it is a giant white behemoth>eurobeat is deafening>all of my senses go numb>little green rice racer swerves into my lane head-on in his eurobeat toaster>i begin to spin out>the behemoth right behind him is a light-speed semi truck>in my last moments alive i grab a beer mid-spinout and flip off the eurobeat executioner>the semi truck annihilates my poor innocent van>my windshield is knocked into my neck, presumably severing my headTunge pää perseesees!"
76561197968380715,Recommended,516750,26337039,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Beneath The Wreckage,Top Gear Finland Special.
,Recommended,516750,26199700,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,melnikooov,"Cant find Fan beltbut,game 10\10"
76561198301058681,Recommended,516750,34379057,Posted: 20 August,all,RawSouce,10/10
,Recommended,516750,27397669,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[PG]Xapeck,"Grazy, fun and challenging game."
76561197993035194,Recommended,516750,28298369,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ziki,"cars [x], alcohol [x]"
,Recommended,516750,26356367,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Doostan,10/10 Channel your inner redneck
76561198063914544,Recommended,516750,26300645,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Comender Meme,"cops pulled me over for speeding, gave me a fine then while I was driving away they rammed me into a tree and killed me. GOTY"
76561198127718182,Recommended,516750,35069707,Posted: 19 September,all,r^USH,good
76561197994585496,Recommended,516750,26765799,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Roc,"Excellent, if only we could make kilju."
,Recommended,516750,31478559,Posted: 30 April,all,Rinnsanity,"Its more of an experience than a game really, as you can experience;-being drunk♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-building a Satsuma-getting fusterated at building said car-throwing sledgehammer through said car's windshield-finally breaking down and looking up a guide for building said car-finish building car-car not running smooth-tuning the carburator-not being able to tune the carburator correctly, so you'll cheat and order a mixing gauge to add to your car-taking the car to get it registered, only to have it fail and have to fix stuff-passing inspection-ordering more parts-ordering too many parts as the price is 20000 marks more than what you have-working like hell-sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥-hauling wood-dragging wrecks-making sugar wine (protip:check the cabin in the middle of the lake for a mixing bucket)-finally having the funds-paying for parts-going outside and going back home empty handed because your van is full of beer, or you brought your Satsuma, and there is a massive pile of parts to pickup-finally hauling the parts to the house (protip:Fleetari's has the coveted Long Springs outside his shop)-tricking out your ride-taking part in rallies-failing at rallies-adjusting your final gear and carburator for that sweet mix-winning rally-wondering what to do next-dying (permadeath players, go back to the top)I enjoy this game as I dabble a bit with mechanic work in real life anyways (diesel machinery, so im hoping for a diesel truck to build ingame someday). It's not for everyone though, but if you put some dedication into it, you'll eventually get your Satsuma to purr like a kitten. And when it does run right, you put a genuine grin on your face as you built that car with your own hands.Still early in development, a few bugs here and there, some things incomplete, though development shows no sign of slowing down, at least one sizable update a month to look forward to. If you are looking to buy the game, anytime would be a good time as the game is decently priced at 15 bucks."
76561197990267207,Recommended,516750,28520073,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,you are the training sets,MSC review:Pros:- Correct portrayal of redneck trump voters with their impossible to understand dialect.Cons:- This sequel is too similar to the original mad max movie.- The society and terrain are too dismal even for a post-apocalyptic society.- PerrrrrrrkeleVerdict: goty2016
76561198189103651,Recommended,516750,28299151,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Wonder Bread,"Omg What a game, okay so this might be cheap but i watched a tourtial and messed up the engine, i would run it and spent Hours trying to figure out what was rong? i went into the garage and checked, i saw a oil filter sitting there. I thought to my self and said What have i done, when it would run white stuff would come out and i watched this vid of GrayStillPlays he did a test about oil and how you have to drain it i went checked the oil there was none i was so happy to be able to drift in it too hand break is lit"
76561198143785905,Recommended,516750,33028353,Posted: 30 June,all,Hie202,10/10 Will sell kidneys for more car parts.
76561198097206505,Recommended,516750,31518662,Posted: 2 May,all,sonnybeach,Best game ever.
76561198120733385,Recommended,516750,31426082,Posted: 28 April,all,TheScaniaBeast,"This game is more of a survival at times! The damned green car can destroy your hard work instantly. But this just adds to the game, overall it's pure brilliance! An amazing game, that can be both serious or a♥♥♥♥♥♥take, quite literally! Would definitely recommend, fantastic game :-)"
,Recommended,516750,26235149,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,xDraga,"i drink beer, and♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the place."
76561197993172532,Recommended,516750,26235050,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Butthurt Joe™,Its sick
,Recommended,516750,32884062,Posted: 27 June,all,[PUB3]Cyphor,Drink beer. Build car. Drink beer. Pass out. Drink more beer.
,Recommended,516750,26233863,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,beef supreme,">build engine>notice you are hungry and thirsty>drive to store>feels like it takes ages to get there>finally finish my crusade>""store is closed"">go to bar and drink and gamble all my money away>start driving home in 5 promille intoxication>somehow survive until the last road>drive too fast to bump and fly out of window5/5"
,Recommended,516750,26234643,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,StarHero_LP,I like the game and i love the idea it's great but the fly or mosquitos or whatever insect that in the backround is/are are extremely annoying for people like me who are scared of insects but thats the only con for me.
,Recommended,516750,34851322,Posted: 9 September,all,Corolla,"Very good game,It's not just a Car Build Simulator,It's a Finland Survival Simulator.This game has so many details that let me sometimes think ""Is this really a one-man group made?"""
,Recommended,516750,30046796,Posted: 19 February,all,👌,10/10 would crash into someone and make a huge bloody mess again.
76561198061449032,Recommended,516750,30430048,Posted: 10 March,all,The_Ultimatefox,dont know what to say its a fun game but when i try to start the engine it fals off but i had efrething bolted on FIX IT
76561197970977142,Recommended,516750,34862036,Posted: 10 September,all,Dirty OldMan1976,"UPDATE: ONE HUNDRED HOURS OF PLAYTIME AFTER I WROTE THIS:YOU STILL NEED TO BUY THIS!!! TWICE!!!Give it to someone you love. ;)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------YOU WILL BUY THIS GAME!! Wether you like cars or you hate them. Wether you like driving or you hate it. Wether you like chopping wood or you hate it. Wether you like sucking crap out of sinkholes or you don't. BUY IT!If you want to complain about ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics let me tell you the world actually looked like this in 1995. I know you're probably too young to understand this but there was no DirectX12 in 1995.Building your car and tuning it and knowing every nut and bolt by their first name is so satisfying.Only thing I do regret about this game is, I hesitated too long before buying it myself. Don't make the same mistake.BUY! NOW!Here's a video for you:Complete build of the Satsumahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMmV131fMvU"
76561198354742099,Recommended,516750,34738788,Posted: 4 September,all,antzaman,best
,Recommended,516750,26246345,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Reid,>start game>drink some beer>put crankshaft into engine>jack up car>forget what i need to do next>get in van>take 15 minutes to figure out how to turn it on>take another 15 minutes trying to figure out how to move>start driving in a random direction>drink more beer>bladder full>dont want to stop and waste time&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥out the open van door>too busy drunkenly laughing at♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the door to pay attention>hit a rock>die>wake up in a cemetary>get blackout drunk at the local pub1000/10 would ruin my life again
,Recommended,516750,26246887,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,FpsGod,Its a shame the ♥♥♥♥ing driving feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also the cars dont have the power to get up any hill and the map is so confusing and i always get lost so i gave up. Also how on earth do u know if your at the right location if your trying to complete a job. The map also needs a dart for where you are at when you are at the house so you know what your starting point is. PLEASE FIX!!!!
,Recommended,516750,26246937,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,✪ lyd9x,sick game
76561198265017734,Recommended,516750,26288148,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,KronanXD Hellcase.com,Where is the console i have to fix the max fps level?
76561198012119244,Recommended,516750,26418604,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Puu,I hate this game. It's really good.
,Recommended,516750,26252298,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,gerry54,"""It is surely the spring of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;... Donald Trump is pleased"
,Recommended,516750,26290476,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,autism,One of the best WW2 strategy game out there! Recommend! Maby Cold War strategy game next Paradox?
76561198059172132,Recommended,516750,26418698,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TheLelli9,Realistic Finland simulator
76561198052377324,Recommended,516750,28457258,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Kahviaseta,This game defines pretty good the Finnish culture.My first day in this game1.  Get crazy phone call by some old chap who wants chopped wood2. Drink bottle of booze and some beer and get totally wasted.3. Chop some wood and curse everything about life4. Try to convince yourself that you are not drunk5. Get your fancy van and drink drive6. Lose the control of your van and crash it in to a tree and die10/10 This game is one of the funniest game I have ever played
76561197987684931,Recommended,516750,26381439,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mukke,5/5
,Recommended,516750,35479083,Posted: 4 October,all,ᵘᶰᵉˢ,love this game
,Recommended,516750,26239971,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Dick_Zenormus,"I don't have much time sunk into this game yet, but it is definitely interesting trying to figure out what to do.  Don't get drunk at first like I did.  You will never get fuel in that van.  I died because I stopped the van on one of the highways to stir my food and someone hit me and killed me.   Still can't figure out how to get the shower head to work and how to use the soap to reduce my filth, but that is what weekend marathons are for!"
,Recommended,516750,26206865,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Jymy Jani,I died from dehydration...In the middle of the lake5/5
,Recommended,516750,26207696,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Jekyll and Hyde,"THE MOST EPIC FINNISH GAME, Well are there any finnish games (hahah sorry finnish people) 10/10 car building, 10/10 beer"
,Recommended,516750,26671705,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,LuXus,Great game
,Recommended,516750,29970725,Posted: 16 February,all,Ange1walk.[E&A] ❤,"If you love getting trolled by a game... this is for you :DNo but seriously, it's such a different experience that no other game delivers, time flies while playing this.. literally flies, there is a fly (or flies?) in the game if you forget to take a freakin' sauna everyday, it will annoying you so much, you'll forget every single bolt/nut to screw in.11/10 even when i go to sleep now, i'm having this buzzing noise in my ears"
,Recommended,516750,34956942,Posted: 14 September,all,Pop455,THIS IS THE BEST GAME IN THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Can u add a turbo??? That would make it 1000000 times better!Keep up the great work! :3
76561198371386155,Recommended,516750,34593207,Posted: 29 August,all,(Fold) Im a Muffin,I'veplayed the game before but sold it bc I was laggy. I would love to get thisgame again but money is super tight for me i was woundering if i could get this for free if so i will bc on this game every day playing it when i get my new pc.
76561198048743440,Not Recommended,516750,28738842,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,quad4racing,"The concept and implementation of actually changing parts and working on the car is great and the most realistic car building experience I've ever had in a video game. Its honestly amazing and I applaud the developer for their work in this department. Unfortunately it needs more meaning, like I'm street racing it or something, upgrading and progressing through a story line. Their is a ton of potential here it just needs direction.As it stands right now this game is about fixing a junk car, taking showers, eating food and figuring out ways to get money for working on the junk car. Its boring and honestly too real, I do this in real life, and unlike when I do this in real life, when I'm doing it in the game, I'm actually not getting anything done that matters in the real world.The whole point of building the car seems kindof mute when I can just drive into town (with the supplied van) and take a hot rodded car I found in front of a shop with zero consequence. Why would I build a car when I can just go into town and get a better one for free? Why am I building the car at all???????The concept of actually changing parts and working on the car is great, but it needs more meaning, like I'm street racing it against other teens, upgrading and progressing through a story line. Their is a ton of potential here it just needs direction.I almost feel bad about giving it a negetive review, but for god sakes add some racing for cash and pink slips.  Add the ability to buy/sell other cars and parts with the ability to move other compatible parts from one car to another and I would be in love with this game. I can just imagine the garage with random parts every where and cars parked outside some running some with parts pulled off. It would be a really cool experience as you try to be the fastest at the wednesday night drags and illegal road races. All the while trying not to wreck or get stopped by the cops which will have real consequences on your financial situation.If the developer is reading this I highly recommend you play Street Rod 1 or 2, they are ancient games for DOS from the early 90s. With the concept of that game mixed with what you have done here for working on the cars you could have a mind blowing game."
,Recommended,516750,26198867,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,sampppa,"It's like GTA, but much MUCH more realistic."
,Recommended,516750,35175264,Posted: 24 September,all,Wobbly,"🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕./´¯/)🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕..,/¯../🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕./🖕./🖕🖕🖕🖕./´¯/’🖕’/´¯¯`·¸🖕🖕🖕./’/🖕/🖕./🖕🖕./¨¯\🖕🖕..(‘(🖕´🖕´🖕. ¯~/’🖕’)🖕🖕🖕\🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕..’🖕../🖕🖕🖕.”🖕\🖕🖕🖕. _.·´🖕🖕🖕🖕\🖕🖕🖕🖕..(🖕🖕🖕🖕..\🖕🖕🖕🖕.\"
,Recommended,516750,26199178,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Lefitys,"Guud geim, thänks to developpers for this geim."
76561198020314772,Recommended,516750,26293675,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,jornar,Smooth
,Recommended,516750,30909015,Posted: 2 April,all,FishSalad,"If doris smoked at ten pennies smoth baby buns youd get zuked harder then ur sis.Overall this game is a nan bait prank ruski simulater ruski ruski parkourYou drive boats into twin towers then expose your vna with a, buiU do a funnel cake♥♥♥♥♥pranko and do a gator bait nam hood gone wrong vape squad exposed dorisI would only buy this game if ur a dave & buster swed"
76561198035157721,Recommended,516750,26311693,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,HIGHsgtDeadman,Buys game. installes game. tryes to play game. game crashes. anity vires gose nuts saying and showing malwere 10/10 buy this game
76561198050890808,Recommended,516750,30057270,Posted: 20 February,all,Blacky2131,I guess that's how it looks like in your head when you flipp a vehicle in this game and nearly die in car accident:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-oFLPe3LdVQ&t=1s
,Recommended,516750,26272144,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Speedweed lives,"WHERE IS THE FLY?! IM GONNA GO CRAZY!!!! good game, though"
,Recommended,516750,28212912,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Chashmodai,- Hit a tree in 2km/h with your car and you die instantly- Fall from three km up in the air and you survive without a scratchREALISM
,Recommended,516750,26300260,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,✪ RoboY csgo-casino.com,One Of The Greatest Games I Have Ever Played! I Recommend This Game For Everyone Who Are Interested At Cars.5/5<3
76561198170090746,Recommended,516750,30760784,Posted: 26 March,all,LordDwightSchrute,perfecto 11/10 would die again
76561198111756959,Recommended,516750,29213713,Posted: 12 January,all,IBRAHIM,"From the Realistic side I give it 8/10Its lovely game but it needs more updates , Multiplayer will be goodMore maps , More cars , More ItemsFor Now I give the game 6/10Thanks"
76561198010907366,Recommended,516750,26427838,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Mikhail Reign,Best 1995 simulator going. Totally radical.
,Recommended,516750,26303009,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Lil' 2.lynns the slug-god🔫~ATH,"This isn't a game, it's a simulation of mid 90s recession finland where you are a redneck who loves beers and cars.Unfortunetly my redneck who loves cars also knows next to nothing about them because he has the brain of a 30 year old woman who loves pop music and the occult.I attached a bumper and called it a day.  Drank and crashed my van into a tree in the deep woods.11/10 will live this life again."
76561198065047270,Recommended,516750,26202053,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,mavepvp,We only need coop and its perfect
,Recommended,516750,33159198,Posted: 2 July,all,CodeNameAtlas,my summer truck
,Recommended,516750,28298277,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,IamTheSpy!,Peeing pyshics are realistic.10/10
76561198116512413,Recommended,516750,30560540,Posted: 16 March,all,srgtsue,plese add multiplayer
76561198069993039,Recommended,516750,26402941,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Keegan13590,This game should be called white trash simulator XD
,Recommended,516750,29476922,Posted: 24 January,all,Pimuli,"123 h in and almost every achi earned (only robbing Teimo left) but still very great game.Featuring fysics never wanted, shouting at people, drinking, building and driving worst car ever and buing stuff from internet.10/10 still in early access."
,Recommended,516750,32853863,Posted: 27 June,all,Ｐｏｒａｂｅｌｌｉｏ n,Hour 1: AssrapeHour 2: AssrapeHour 3: AssrapeHour 1000: You have died of assrape👍
,Recommended,516750,30590319,Posted: 18 March,all,Banana,"A wonderfully designed game about building a fully functionally car in your garage. It has survival elements including eating, drinking, dirtiness and fatigue. You start with a car body and parts everywhere. You will spend hours apon hours in this game just building the car, for you to then die and have to start all over again. It has a variety of vehicles including a van, truck, tractor and of course the completely buildable car. You can buy upgraded parts of the car to get more horsepower or just better looks. The two downsides to this game is its overall glitchiness and dull world but the good sides weighs out the bad. You don't even need to be a car guy to enjoy this game.UPDATE 1:Recently I discovered a bug within the game about the truck being able to run even without fuel. The developer responded within minutes of my bug report. It really shows that the developer cares for this game and puts a lot of time and effort into creating this amazing game.UPDATE 2:Get on Moped, drives down road, highsided the bike and got flung into the train11/10 -IGN"
76561198041582143,Recommended,516750,26229347,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Taavi,just awesome
76561197972585682,Recommended,516750,26200528,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Humppaporo,4/5 Torilla ei voi tavata
76561197995907524,Recommended,516750,26228438,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Pj⊕t⊕r Pajer⊕ ♥,Very funny game but so frustrating.
,Recommended,516750,26483439,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Big Cat,BREDDDY GOOD
,Recommended,516750,31540040,Posted: 4 May,all,HERRK3KKON3N [FIN],Very good yes
76561198094484718,Recommended,516750,31619844,Posted: 7 May,all,tha sh00t3r cat,I recomend this game so buy and if bad refund!so let me tell a story1. survive to shop2. get back3. drink beer4. fix car5. drink beer6. Take boat to shop and get lost on the water and fuel runs out7. Start over8. drink beer9. Relize u didnt need to start over if u quited without saving10. fix the car11. fak the car12. burn car13. drink beer14. play the game normalyI like this game because:1. This is in finland and i live in finland2. U drink beer and do stuff and drive and fix car to raceI recomend this game so buy and if bad refund!Hyvä peli (great game)
,Recommended,516750,26887220,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Blackadder,"Great game, a bit troublesome at times but thats the whole pointracked up the hours without effort"
,Recommended,516750,31354862,Posted: 25 April,all,ethanthecardboardknight,i love the game and also i would love soda to get add'd to the game
76561198285822292,Recommended,516750,34816812,Posted: 8 September,all,SPICY,spent 15 minutes trying to start the van and 1 hour trying to flip the truck satana/10
76561198138946050,Recommended,516750,34785667,Posted: 6 September,all,Phantom Antichrist,This game raised so much for 10 months. Insane game. It has everything. I downloaded a pirate version and 10 minutes later i was buying it! Love this game <3
,Recommended,516750,31957789,Posted: 25 May,all,huntedpony22,s
76561198203735983,Recommended,516750,26271422,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Blacksmoke,Drink beerEat sausagesReapeat 10/10
,Recommended,516750,26305386,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Andrew! ツ,Theres many names for this game>Car Mechanic Simulator on Meth in Finland>Wrench (Spanner) Guessing Game>What the ♥♥♥♥ part is this?>I Died!>Stop Calling Me Simulator>My Car Fell Apart Simulator>Living Off Beer While In A Sauna Simulator10/10 would spend 15 minutes guessing what wrench I use.
,Recommended,516750,26237530,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,That Gay Ass Homo,I love it! it's been so long since ive played a game for almost 12 hours straight.>Gets mad at engine>Eats 20 pizzas>Dies
76561198104236495,Recommended,516750,30848374,Posted: 31 March,all,Saeedsl,Pros:- Realistic driving- Murder- Death- Realistic Engine- Realistic Beer Purchasing Mechanics- Realistic Theft MechanicsCons:- Only 2 Radio Stations- Hard to pick up dead bodies- The starting scene is not what the average guy wants to see- Very time consuming to complete the engine and get the car running- Very easy to find the cracked versionOutcome:10/10 I'm finish again
76561198062175435,Recommended,516750,29472748,Posted: 24 January,all,Dagger Peepee,"This is probably one of the most dificult games I've played but never have I ever played a game that told someone to ""go to ♥♥♥♥♥ please"""
76561198375188679,Recommended,516750,31246599,Posted: 19 April,all,heytrace125125,This is a wonderful game!  The developer is great!  No complaints!
76561198124669030,Recommended,516750,26534926,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,CSI48,"Wake up , and build a car , Pee in the Sink , drink a beer , stuff you face-hole with Sausages... Go back and build the car more..... Take a Phone call and go pump crap from a drunk mans well ... drive back home while drinking Finnish beer and hit a tiny Green car along the way... get out and see if you killed him , a Truck kills you !!in the end , this game is fun fun fun , it is a sweeeet Simulator for the Mechanic in anyone , and if you're not a Mechanic , thats fine too , this game will teach you how to build a car , get drunk and pee on what ever you feel like.I Totally recommend this game.  Learning curve is very steep , but once you get the hold on what to do , you'll find this Simulator fun , Entertaining , and funny too.11/10Would pee in the air and drink a beer again !Buy this game and you'll LOVE it. Toplessgun , you are the man !!"
,Recommended,516750,33315958,Posted: 6 July,all,QuasarBarkas,"To be honest, I hated this game and could not simply understand the hype about it. I mean I could see why people enjoyed it and loved it, but for me, it seemed more like a fever dream than a game. I had a nightmare like this when I was 6, that I was left in my house all alone, in a forest, surrounded by weird noise things that would change the weather if you shouted. It gave me the ♥♥♥♥in creeps and even made me cry at one point. Hence why I have only 56 minutes in the game.Pros:Get to drive placesSludgegulpingBuild a carSwear and♥♥♥♥♥♥on peopleEverything is thought out wellCons:It plonks you in the game as if you know everything from the beginning.One twitch of a fanbelt and everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥Annoying NPCsGives me fever dream flashbacks.9/10. I would love it more if I hadn't been born.I would reccomend this game to anybody who have got the time in the world on their hands."
76561198046053088,Recommended,516750,26700013,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Wilizu-93,5/5
,Recommended,516750,33148269,Posted: 2 July,all,Killjoy,"Let me start by saying i'm still a noob at the game, so this review will not be very good.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You start the game at your house with a pack of beer, a sausage, and your van...-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You spend 20 minutes trying to start that van, and once you have it started you drive to the shops to get more beer.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------You drive for about 30 minutes and make it to the highway and some green car going 120 km hits you and you die.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Then you get mad and exit the game... only to come back 10 minutes later to die again.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------11/10  would die again."
,Recommended,516750,26472511,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Lerppa Kulli,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,516750,26242000,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,CougarBite,"Reminds of a game from the ""simulator/survivor"" era, you have to worry about hunger, thirst and so on.The ""simulator"" part of the game revolves around loving and building a car from a mere shell of a car. Each action needs to be completed manually down to the screwing in of screw to ensuring you have the right amount of brake fluid. What amazed me is when I got a car going without all the parts, great detail and thought that has been put into the operating of the car.As for surviving, you have a long drive to town and back to pick up supplies, the rest is dealt with in a childish humor way with you having to♥♥♥♥♥♥ and able to do this anywhere, tells a lot about a game when one of the commands is purely to swear. When driving around the car can easily lose control and break, this is the sticking point for people, I enjoyed the suspense due to the area being so large and having to walk very slow can take 3-4 hours (real time) to get back home.In summary if you enjoyed the overly complex simulator games that exsist to annoy you then you will enjoy this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0FrpGRifPmgLink"
76561198351542015,Recommended,516750,30430794,Posted: 10 March,all,"colo,_„salul",vreau bani in apoi
76561198298282846,Recommended,516750,29191099,Posted: 11 January,all,DEfire522,hey i love the game but can you make it muliteplayer
76561198101451511,Recommended,516750,26631247,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,pj16597,"I would of built that car by now if it didn't glitch out and me not saving,"
76561198278237998,Recommended,516750,29131047,Posted: 8 January,all,ryanpot223,I just when't and got the Fan belt and it will not let me take it out of the box i would like to kmow how to get it out or fix the problm. Thank you
76561197995902435,Recommended,516750,26228996,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,paske,5/5 maistu kalia ja makkara
,Recommended,516750,27020451,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eryylh,pretty cool
,Recommended,516750,26240728,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,emmkai,"So after countless times crashing the van off the road and killing myself just trying to get the controls down, I'm finally crusing along the nice paved highway. Seeing police officers, I slow down to a stop like a law abiding citizen, open my door, and am promptly rear ended and killed by another driver.And you know what? I'm not even upset, because of course I should've pulled over.Seriously, best game 2016 people"
76561198071187055,Recommended,516750,26297814,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Rutzki,"Might be the best moment in my gaming history when i finally got to drive the car i built from all the parts just lying around in the garage. Started heading to the shop for more beer and sausages, had to stop a few times to adjust the carburator but i got the engine put out power pretty nicely (compared to the van hayosiko). Bought the stuff i needed and filled up on gas and headed home to do some wheel alignment adjustments. Sadly i failed in driving the car on top of the stairs to the oil pit and fell down there myself while looking at the alignments. Now im stuck there waiting for death, wich doesent feel very nice after all the work ive put into it.Pros:- Feels like the countryside of Finland- A very well made car building simulator- For someone who isnt too familiar with how cars work and are build it can teach in a simple way the mechanics and basics of how front wheel driven cars work and are built.- Really nice gaming entertainment for those with experience from building carsCons:- Feels like the countryside of Finland- Bugs, a few of them gamebreaking sadly- Questing needs a little bit more handholdingWith this being the only game in its category (car mechanic sim fights in a lower division) i give this a 8/10 even it might really deserve a higher score for what it already is. The bugs need to be fixed and more content added, because this is the base for an ultimate car driving/building simulator."
,Recommended,516750,26304942,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Yung Letdown,"The devs put a lot of time and love into this game and it shows. Awesome game with a great sense of humor, easy to pick up and put down to come back to later. It can get VERY frustrating at times but sometimes you just gotta take a deep breath with everything y'know? Definately worth picking up if you enjoy(ed) Jalopy or Car Mechanic Sim! I'm looking forward to future updates!"
76561198168223063,Recommended,516750,26240753,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Moe Lester,"I got into my pedophile van, somehow got stuck leaning out the window, managed to start the pedovan and get the thing in gear. I went to the store and bought 3000 finland bucks on sausage and beer which I stuffed in my pedovan. Got halfway back home and the van flipped, sending sausage and beer all over my corpse.Restart, find out there's a sauna. Spend 30 minutes trying to figure out how to work the temperature knobs. Turns out the sauna won't get hot with the door open. Starved to deathGot back in the pedophile van, somehow managed to not flip it over. Then I got ran over by some ♥♥♥♥ blaring finnish techno music.10/10 would play finnish car building autism simulator again."
76561198121000553,Recommended,516750,26325550,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mickybrennan,i cant seem to add my own music :(
,Recommended,516750,26304439,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,tank1k,few minutes in and I have no clue what I'm doing 10/10
,Recommended,516750,30533882,Posted: 15 March,all,Will™,Just buy it.
76561198032655035,Recommended,516750,27362680,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cardmosquito,P fun
,Recommended,516750,26745301,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,X-RUSH.OwnZ-,Dark Souls in FinlandPЕRKELE/10
,Recommended,516750,30411837,Posted: 9 March,all,scotty-o,"It's one of those games you play when it's like 2 in the morning, and it's all quiet and all you want to do is build cars out of barely functional parts. I will say however that navigation in the game is a ♥♥♥♥♥ even with a map open in another window. If you are going to play this game you NEED a guide or else you are going to not get anywhere in the game. The license picture doesn't quite work too. Overall I give this game 7 smekles out 10"
76561198006120253,Recommended,516750,27912450,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Vintage_Green,"I feel like I learned something while getting wastedI built a car mostly by myself with very very little online help.Was awesome to have built my own car piece by piece.Top Gear Toyota Helix, my car smashed it soo much battery fell out.Put parts back in, still starts ♥♥♥♥ing love this gameConsRoads and Terrain needs alot of work very basic, and ugly trees with N64 tree walls.Needs a pause function.Needs more jobs, and stuff to do to make money.Fatigue is too fast."
76561198073566815,Recommended,516750,30934918,Posted: 3 April,all,Penisaurus,My summer car is a great game and I can't what to see were it goes when it is fully relased
76561198292540550,Recommended,516750,33323123,Posted: 6 July,all,zachslapper04,can you please add support for apple i played once on dell and it sucked
76561198061966178,Recommended,516750,33422974,Posted: 9 July,all,Black Man In A Tub Of Doughnuts,♥♥♥♥♥IT COOL
76561198214905669,Recommended,516750,33432515,Posted: 10 July,all,Poisonous,LOVE THIS GAME!!!
76561198312925999,Recommended,516750,29392069,Posted: 20 January,all,Zak_Attak42,its slow
,Recommended,516750,29414718,Posted: 21 January,all,Reed Spacer,"Highly recommended. Very fun game if you want to get into cars.This game offers much more than many other games of this type and really gives you the freedom to do whatever you want. It has its own survival elements and the car physics are realistic.There really isn't many games that gives you the satisfaction like this one. Spending hours building your car and finally getting it to start is an amazing feeling. You get a feeling like you accomplished something, and the game does not end there. You can purchase more parts, upgrade your car, get your car certified, and race it in a rally to earn trophies.For a game that has simple mechanics, you can really do a lot. The customization is great and modding is very simple.Although I wouldn't recommend most Early-Access games, this one has a great future ahead. The game is made by a single person and gets fairly frequent updates. Although the updates are only monthly, they tend to add a lot to the game.Overall, I think this is an outstanding game. There is really so much to do and is most definetly worth the money. For a game that costs $15, you really get much more."
76561198127451532,Recommended,516750,30674800,Posted: 22 March,all,spikeonaleash,"this game WILL p*ss you off, im not even kidding. it was designed this way !!! after restarting the game about 20 damn times i finally got the car running and driving and have it all fixed up for racing, now the part the creators added to the game in their way basically saying FU ...theres NO instructions!! you basically fly by the seat of your pants hoping you dont die by something extremely stupid like seriously i backed into a tree and died....i fell off the scooter and died....I DRANK MY OWN P*SS TO STAY ALIVE!!! but now that i have the game mostly figured out its an alright game BUT FU GAME CREATOR i dont know how many times i came super close to punching a hole through my 4k monitor !!!!"
76561197961023890,Recommended,516750,26200049,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Hatzen,amazinggot drunk and punched out the windshield by accident.
,Recommended,516750,32027944,Posted: 28 May,all,GOX GAMING,This game is awsome man the only thing that i dont like is building the car is very boring but after you like build the car and all that stuff its very fun to play around and drive i also like the new motorcycle
,Recommended,516750,32038397,Posted: 29 May,all,Slim,10/10 the best game would ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ again
76561198323935684,Recommended,516750,31987091,Posted: 26 May,all,DirpyFord,I do recomend this game but the AI don't know how to drive😒🤦
76561198354439218,Recommended,516750,32023645,Posted: 28 May,all,ZACKVANHORN15,what  i like about my summer car  is everything including the developer updating my summer car. Yes i do recommend my summer car to other people to play my summer car
76561198384917060,Recommended,516750,32048484,Posted: 29 May,all,wxsoo00,We need Chinese
,Recommended,516750,32127425,Posted: 2 June,all,snowFlake,"P*rkele, this game is good!"
76561198311189712,Recommended,516750,32102313,Posted: 1 June,all,๑ﭥBlackAlbino๑ﭥ,GodGame
76561198128234998,Recommended,516750,26530874,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,SRE70,AMAZING.
76561198143934385,Recommended,516750,29102182,Posted: 7 January,all,凸 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) 凸,Voi♥♥♥♥♥♥♥:)
76561198300800854,Recommended,516750,32038850,Posted: 29 May,all,osama_owk,i love it and my rating for this game is 8.5/10Because :1- graphic not very good2- some bugs in game
76561198245634956,Recommended,516750,30817118,Posted: 29 March,all,S.O Modding,It would be cool with a Volvo 240/242And buyable Engines for Datsun and 240/242AND TURBOS!!!!!!!
76561198356522966,Recommended,516750,32593611,Posted: 20 June,all,porkchopfahrenback,hard bunt good
,Recommended,516750,32816472,Posted: 26 June,all,Rosa Umbrarum,"Someone said this is kind of like Dark Souls. Yep. It's hard, but fair.Someone said this game is basically the dude version of Gone Home. An epic blast of 1990s nostalgia, well-crafted environment, no real immediate goals - yet instead of exploring a story about family relationships, you fix a car and drink beer. An assessment, I suppose.I have to say I really dig this game, if only for the lovingly crafted spoof of 1990s Finland and the general goofiness of the whole concept. But really, it's one of those games I have mostly enjoyed through YouTube Let's Plays. There's always more goofiness than I have time for, it seems."
,Not Recommended,516750,27361942,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RedWormCharlie,"SO far I spent an hour being frustrated at little glitches like floating parts and the frustrating controls. This game has great potential, but for now wait on it to get more patches to fix the wierd glitches that ruined my fun.I'll come back in a few months and see if anything has improved, as for now, it's not worth $15, it's not even worth a $1.50."
,Recommended,516750,26507412,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,CommanderPancakes,"Built car. Wrecked car. Built car again. Got drunk. Woke up on roof of barn. Went to pump some ones sewage.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on thier table.9/10 Must by if you like messing with cars and are up for a good laugh. My only complaint is the rate at which you get tired. Seems abit faster than it should. Other than that, it is a great game for being in early access."
76561198308473526,Recommended,516750,32905011,Posted: 27 June,all,nylex,i like how you can build the car but could you move the store closer to home add more steel able vehicles add buyable hosuses and car that you can build and building missions
76561198011185228,Recommended,516750,32927159,Posted: 28 June,all,Ouli,Brilliant game and active developer. What do you want more?
,Recommended,516750,32952596,Posted: 28 June,all,Robin,Very guud game
76561198349473107,Recommended,516750,28579977,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,ag163310,ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IVE PLAYED YET
,Recommended,516750,29805543,Posted: 9 February,all,Suruaku,"Katos päivvee, no mitteepä laitettaan."
,Recommended,516750,28711641,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pentagoni,I once was so thirsty that i almost dieded. Drank some♥♥♥♥♥♥and survived. 11/10 would go Bear Grylls again
76561198295590427,Recommended,516750,26361921,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,SilentGaming™,the best game i ever  played in a very long time....
,Recommended,516750,26595757,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,outranger,打开永久死亡期待着拿到全成就花上十来个小时把零件拼好（赞美伟大的拖拉机/叉车）调校你的化油器和正时，调好刹车和转向，倒好冷却液，机油，刹车油和离合油开上新车去商店寄信买零件被傻逼Techno viking绿车追尾，死讯登上报纸头条11/10从曲轴、活塞和缸盖开始拼装发动机的感觉真是太棒了。没有wikia页面的话根本没法玩。要拿成就就得打开永久死亡的选项，不过一不小心忘记备份存档的话后果很严重。可以，这硬核极了。冲着警察竖中指的感觉奇妙极了。只要车不碰到他做任何事情都没问题的（滑稽
,Recommended,516750,27748729,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Rin~,It's a fun game.. but the only downpart about it is that the language is in finish. would be better if you could change to english.
,Recommended,516750,26259197,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Attack Helicopter | CSGOGem.com,Day 2:Ran out of foodStill have full case of beerhungry.jpgTries to put car togetherThrows block acrost garageSmashes vans glassRage.jpgGoes insideDrinks case of beerPasses out watching TV10/10
76561198065254456,Recommended,516750,29574504,Posted: 29 January,all,woody_alek,One of my all time faves.
76561198218665447,Recommended,516750,26263559,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,snakey,Died because i blew up my bladder from not peeing 11/10
76561198171090175,Recommended,516750,28918318,Posted: 1 January,all,thatpotato455,its a good concept  but it needs som work
76561198111756454,Recommended,516750,28544898,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,fry646,"my summer car is everything i been looking forwerd to in a game. full customization, loads of fun for hours days months best survival car game i ever played ill recommend this game to anybody. love the game."
76561198105653015,Recommended,516750,26233163,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,hargen daz,tis game is awsome i would like to see steamwork shop support could you imagine the mods for this game loking forwerd to the updates.
76561198048965698,Recommended,516750,27906627,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jared Pascalious/Tasmaniac,Flip my car and die every trip to the store... 10/10 would die again.
,Recommended,516750,26267261,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,CUPNOODLES,感觉B站上又要有一拨主播玩这个了，芬兰生活模拟。对新手不够友好，建议你们等B站主播摸索完先。Finnish Daily Live Simulator 2016  10/10
,Recommended,516750,26612233,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,dwcj1960,this game is a blast! but if you could start off without a car at all and had to go to your local junk yard  kinda like slrr tow it home on a trailer dessemble it throw away what was bad order new parts or go get a parts car from junkyard  mabe it was wrecked gotta take it somewhere and put it on a frame machine. but im saying if you make a new one or another version and somemore cars would be nice like a 57 chevy or something thats world know and can be made generic looking so you dont have to get chevy on board or who ever mabe a pickup truck.but thanks for the game me and my buddys kinda started a mini cult on it.lol
76561198105375423,Recommended,516750,26495335,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Ratas,"For the price of half a beercase, you can entertain yourself while drinking a dozen cases of beer. Both real and virtual."
76561198055835606,Recommended,516750,28111136,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Supreme is a Respectable Company,^ The purchase button is up there silly!
,Recommended,516750,28315045,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,lod4wg602,gor some reason the engine hiest wont let me pick up the engine can someone help me
,Recommended,516750,27857027,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AllukaAleksi 変態,I bought this game this weekend and its awesome suomi simulator
76561198047188624,Recommended,516750,28685351,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RayCubed,"Great game, little bit of humor everywhere,YOU CAN TURN OFF PERMADEATH!!!(just tick the option when you're filling out the drivers card)"
76561198052292916,Recommended,516750,29712091,Posted: 4 February,all,heino.david,"Played 68 hoursGameplay: 4/5I won’t score the physics or technical aspects of the game because it’s very Beta still but I will say this for a game that was created by one developer I can only sit in awe and amazement. He achieved with one person what a company can’t do with a 1000 , make a game that is fun and keeps me coming back for more although I have restored backups more times than I wish to mention.There isn't a lot a car build Sims out there that I enjoy as much as this. The dev made sure that he kept you interested. Yes the physics is a pain in the back and yes trying to mount my original exhaust after I built my car is like trying to seduce mother Theresa. I would still recommend this game to any car build sim enthusiast. Try to not take it to serious and you will have more fun with this than most AAA titles"
76561198222630540,Recommended,516750,29747295,Posted: 6 February,all,MUSTARU classic|CSGOUpgrader.gg,It was pretty cool if this game was on MAC because my friend wants to buy it and if the developers will add a multiplayer this game will be better than GTA5!
,Recommended,516750,27987111,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,siemenlinko malfoy,Nääääääääääii
,Recommended,516750,26447239,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,KSTM,Amazing 10/10
76561198273666726,Recommended,516750,26572071,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,JR,i like the game but when i played i got out of the game and i tried to go back in but it wont let me play it tells me to contact the dev plz fix i just got this game today
76561198053020935,Recommended,516750,26229060,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,jootaka,It's 5/5.
,Recommended,516750,26838538,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Redbearcat027,"This game is thw most frustrating game that i have played: it made me lose 5 hours of progress, waste another 2 on looking up a guide for bulding the car, and then got me stuck in the middle of the road with no way to get out.And i love it."
76561198373731280,Recommended,516750,30991410,Posted: 6 April,all,turnerashley21,"love this game if anyone wants my save the link is in this comment. copy the link and download it drag it to your save game folder then replace yours with mine and enjoy playing on my save. the car is driving with rally tires, bucket seats, rollcage, racing muffler, racing exhaust pipe, twin carburetor, harnest, the car has been tuned ready for mot and tuned ready for the rally race leave a like if you like my save thanks guyshttps://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B0gXbu2cpih5ZDI5TzZ0WU1LQUk"
,Recommended,516750,31022886,Posted: 8 April,all,Sloth on meth,It's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,516750,31027727,Posted: 8 April,all,Kyle Brovlowski,I love this game i'd reccomend it to people with a sence of humor. It's well worth the $15.
76561198373577158,Recommended,516750,30537852,Posted: 16 March,all,EthanBingham123,its too hard i need help starting cars help me someone
76561198174885099,Recommended,516750,28275014,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mr.Burger.Boss,Super funn!!
76561198070347211,Recommended,516750,28284027,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,394824768,great game high recommended
76561198072019857,Recommended,516750,26238573,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Biostalker,what...the..hell..did..i waste my money on this time...lol.... only giving this a thumbs up because i cant give it a neturel rating
76561198031331602,Recommended,516750,28014217,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Whitelagoon,f
76561197987809304,Recommended,516750,28853578,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Paddle,"GOTY  2016 AND 2017 MAN ,BUY IT"
76561198392761464,Recommended,516750,33646720,Posted: 19 July,all,SplitGravity,"fallout 2 was a great game, thank you square enix for producing such a visual masterpiece !!!"
,Recommended,516750,28437181,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sajmonness,"Rage Game,Satana."
76561198055329614,Recommended,516750,26728246,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Tommy.P,Tipped the sewage truck over and don't know how to get it back over
,Recommended,516750,33490156,Posted: 12 July,all,Cloudy,"This game is absolute trash and plays like an MS DOS game from 1999, that being said its amazing and Id highly recommend buying it."
,Recommended,516750,26409584,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Raptor05121,">Buy game>Slowly learn game mechanics>First three hours building engine>Die in 45 minute police chase trying to find store to purchase belt>Life #2>Another 4 hours to build engine and suspension>Mount engine, it runs #feelsgoodman.jpg>Look at the clock, its 4:00am, I have to be up for work in 15 minutes>#itwasworthit.jpg>Be at work, boss tells me to put laptop away and get back to work>he looks over my shoulder, sees what I'm doing, spend 20 minutes explaining game>we work together to get engine running, entire office is at a standstill at this point>everyone is anticipating me to put on the finishing touches>die from starvation>Life 3>Now have 15 hours in game>Engine and suspension built in an hour>Run to store, get all supplies, car is running and moving an hour later>Driving car around, runs out of gas.>Take truck to store to get gas,>Eclipse a hill at 100kph and get in head-on collision, dies.>Life 4.11/10. Get this game."
76561198333123236,Recommended,516750,29935723,Posted: 14 February,all,Hobo Simpson Skinhub.com,it is fun but i cant use the spanners i open the tool box with f but i cant use spanners
,Recommended,516750,29937010,Posted: 14 February,all,Surge!,pretty good
,Recommended,516750,29929157,Posted: 14 February,all,Marius,Way more fun than it should be!
76561198093567598,Recommended,516750,29930150,Posted: 14 February,all,baymax,some glitches but other than that its good
,Recommended,516750,29934943,Posted: 14 February,all,Buns,u can♥♥♥♥♥♥on youreself i like it better than real life
76561198065827137,Recommended,516750,29187082,Posted: 11 January,all,Gameplay,"Getting into and out of your car is realistic, bending over and picking up stuff is too. Ordering from the store and then picking them up in boxes to bring home and unbox, install your new part. If you're not into beer drinking you don't have to drink it you can drink water. After you build the car you always have some fine tuning to do, and the upgraded parts help make things run better. You also have a summer job that you can take part in or not, you get phone calls for delivering lumber or draining sewer, the jobs are really cool, you actually take the hose off the truck and drag it to the hole and you see the liqiud drain away, than the guy pays you. You can chop wood, like really chop it and pick it up and put it in the big trailer. All the controls are there just like if you were in a real truck. You can only have one build on the go, I know that sucks but lots of parts to add to the car so you will have to take things apart and upgrade. I havn't done it yet but I think there is a rally race you can join. Also I know there is a really good Summer Car editor for those who want a more indepth look of every nut and bolt. Survival mode, skins, mods and you can also give people the finger if that's your thing. Bring your car to get it checked out or to the shop and have someone fine tune it. I haven't ran into any cops yet, also if you're in to doing your own skin for your car you can do that too. I must of spent 5 hours so far on just making a skin for my car, so simple. One of the achievements you can get is ""Drinking your own♥♥♥♥♥♥like a pro."""
,Recommended,516750,30576276,Posted: 17 March,all,JD,"First off, I am well aware that it's a game in development.  With that being said...  GREAT JOB!!!  This is an absolute blast to play, and the updates are rolling out quickly and (mostly) flawlessly.Maybe for consideration, could there be a small trailer to put the Satsuma on (with tie downs) that hooks only to the van?  Think of the mayhem that could ensue with a trailer on the back of the wobbly-wagon!!!  It would also look pretty rad to pull up to the drag/rally with your shiny car on a crappy trailer, being pulled by your uncles crappy van.  Just an idea.Thanks for the brilliant game!"
,Recommended,516750,26539846,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Opticz,Brilliant game.
,Recommended,516750,26537664,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,megis,- Starts a new game- First thing seeing is beer- Start drinking beer- Goes outside to the car- Starts up car- Starts driving while drinking beer- Arrives to the pub- Starts drinking more- Goes to the shop to buy cases of beer- Realize you spent your 3000 mk on beer- Quits10/1
,Recommended,516750,26540134,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Eemil,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i love this game put now it's not working :(((
,Recommended,516750,26539088,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Prinz Vladi (Pascalscher Soldat),BUY THIS GAME I HAVE PUT IN 4 HOURS ALREADY AND ITS NOT GETTING BORING BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! only thing it needs is multiplayer pls.
76561198057199253,Recommended,516750,29205664,Posted: 12 January,all,maloomjan,Being drunk in game and drunk in real life at the same time while driving that damn fckkning van sucks.
76561198350805352,Recommended,516750,28439526,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,colewilkerson95,my summer car will not load so i can use it
76561197999511997,Recommended,516750,27350544,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CountZio,The finest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in form of a game.
76561198076051848,Recommended,516750,26350477,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Bakedheadhunter,Great game! Simulator with survival features including Perma-death mode.
76561197986540316,Recommended,516750,29919156,Posted: 14 February,all,cizalladura,"Very adictive!!! One of the best car simulators ever!!! Open World, survival, racing, mechanics.... YES I would recommend to buy this game!!!!"
,Recommended,516750,26476900,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,BrinBrin,Note to self: Drink and drive
76561198302465671,Recommended,516750,29205458,Posted: 12 January,all,deadnight57615,Fix stuff
,Recommended,516750,26213129,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Dorr3l,"Kusin pihalle, ajoin kännissä hiacen puuhun kun koitin pomia kaljoja lattialta. 10/10"
76561198313488877,Recommended,516750,33076450,Posted: 1 July,all,lil buli,Fun game :)
76561198311286950,Recommended,516750,34575420,Posted: 29 August,all,maddnessgamin,"im not getting any updates, other than that its a good game."
,Recommended,516750,33012992,Posted: 29 June,all,Karder,I Hate Yellow Car
76561198138327750,Recommended,516750,33003419,Posted: 29 June,all,Bert,i really like this game but it needs more things to do maybe a golf cart should be added or something idk...
76561198369238798,Recommended,516750,33008689,Posted: 29 June,all,graeme.s125,i would like a rv put into the game or a new house to move into mabey closer to the town and will the car in fleetaris garage evere be driveable
76561197976701499,Recommended,516750,26745659,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Max Overload,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Simulator 2000. Enjoy the summer of 1995 in Finland. Cutting firewood, pumping sewage, and driving your drunk neighbor home in a van so dreadful that you'll be happy to build your own car from scratch so you never have to use the van again.There is a wonderful sense of accomplishment when you can make a peer run and make it home without dying in a ditch upside down in the van, or when you finally manage to get the Satsuma running and pass the vehicle inspection."
,Recommended,516750,28691765,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Churchburner McSatan,Spent a lot of time building car. Got car running. Drove car 15 meters. Parts fell out of engine. Drank booze. Got drunk. Fell down a sewer hole. Died. 5/5 would play again.
,Recommended,516750,26370089,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Dread-Beard,"Spent 2 hours painstakingly building the engine, ran out of sausages, chugged a few beers and started up the van, span 720 degrees on a bend, slammed face first into a tree.PERMADEATHI love this game"
76561198072831312,Recommended,516750,34501919,Posted: 26 August,all,ErmIne,this game was made by a demon person to suck the life out of anyone who plays it... I love it
76561198263123357,Recommended,516750,30864100,Posted: 31 March,all,MrAwesome7123 Gaming,if the developer of my summer car sees this can yuo add muiltiplayer i would like to play with my friends it would be convient like one person could make the car and somone can go to the store
,Recommended,516750,26301120,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Omae wa mou shindeiru,satana ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥is veri god i rekomend it veri mucch 9/11
,Recommended,516750,29475346,Posted: 24 January,all,Nerezza,"Let me start off by saying that the humor behind this game is crude. I also want to note that the crudeness is the mature sort, and puts this game at the very top of my you-shouldn't-play-this-with-your-kids-around list. Yes, even GTA games probably sit just under this one on that list.Car Mechanic Simulator has had my eye on it for awhile now, but frankly CMS doesn't quite have the Car Simulator aspect down. Case in point, you don't have to deal with brake fluid or coolant iirc. MSC goes deeper than CMS in a semi-ironic way, once you have your car assembled you still have to tune up the car to keep it running smooth.However on top of that, you can also call the game 'hyper-hyper-simulated' where it fully simulates said car... and then some more. You have to deal with your character's summer life where he's running errands for the family business (while they're on vacation) to make money, so he can buy beer and food to survive. At first this made me hesitant to buy, but now that I've tried it out I've realized the additional mechanics add to the car simulation, not detract from it..Yes, I said it, the life simulation aspect is a pain but it helps make the game just as much as the titular car does. You're going to be out in the garage pit, bolting your CV-axle to the gearbox, thinking to yourself: ""This game captures that stereotypical car-revolving summer vibe.""If you're remotely into cars, if you've played CMS2015 or had the urge to, and if you're into Dark Souls because you like to be tested (strange combination, huh?), then you'll probably enjoy My Summer Car."
76561198011878848,Recommended,516750,29442580,Posted: 23 January,all,Sir Filph,"I understand that it still in early access so I wont get a refund just yet but there is no settings for controller dead zones, when I let go of the stick, the dude keeps moving so driving would be annoying and driving with keyboard and mouse is not my thing, you can't yet look around using the right stick, so the dev needs to implement full controller support.Played nearly for an hour just trying to set up the controller in the pre-game and game menu's and only for the lack of analog stick dead zone options is frustrating, it does look a like a lot of fun.Glad find that this game also supports multiple USB devices, I was able to map some bottuns to my 12 bottun switch box.Above all I still recommend this game."
76561198285012906,Recommended,516750,29452861,Posted: 23 January,all,jaykritjones,MY SUMMER CAR IS HAD I AM ONLE 7 AND I HAV BELT THE ENGN I CAN NOT POT THE WEELS ON
76561198211668919,Recommended,516750,33290600,Posted: 5 July,all,MisterJohn,"controls are horrible. you have no idea what key to press so whenever you want to do anything, you bash the keyboard.accidentally making your Finnish character point the finger and swear in Finnish at whatever you're trying to do.just that is an amazing reason to buy this game.then you can get out of the car after trying to start it, which you wanted to pick your drunk friend up with and point the finger at it.then go to the kitchen and drink a few beers and then go to bed.just that is a perkeIe of a reason to get this game.basically. this isn't a car building simulator. this is a Finnish simulator.you will experience the life of an average Finn.just that should make you want to have this game."
76561198029066816,Recommended,516750,29480556,Posted: 25 January,all,Stevo,"TLDR version, game is hard; game is very rewarding. it is still in development.add your own music, build your own car, drink, drift, and seems like developers care about the game.in its stage of development, you still have a few days worth of content to entertain yourself with along with beating your times on the rally."
76561198026714441,Recommended,516750,33988776,Posted: 3 August,all,aastanleyhunt,This is so much fun. I love trying to interact with stuff and having it not work all the time.... no seriously they need to sort it out coz it makes you want do bang your head against the wall most the time
,Recommended,516750,26417016,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Sorsa,Great game if you like building cars & drinking beer
,Recommended,516750,29420030,Posted: 22 January,all,Gangsta Granny 🔫,Its a realy funny game and it is on youtube EVERYWHERE But  the this I HATE is you have to build the summer car i do hope they could a Done Summer car Buttion when hiting new Game and when you die i would like that you make up in your summer house and every thing is normal even the car you died in is at the house thats because you had a nightmere10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 out of 10
76561198345781522,Recommended,516750,31300223,Posted: 22 April,all,lisajohnson828,When I want to drive a car my game shuts down
76561198095714466,Recommended,516750,33254060,Posted: 4 July,all,InsaNe_Ali,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,516750,30267062,Posted: 1 March,all,kusjev,a very good game from our neighbors
76561198081888034,Recommended,516750,30276900,Posted: 2 March,all,AndrewH,I've only played for 1 hour and from what I've played it's an amazing game it's one of the best games I've played in a long time I can wait for more updates and bug fixes once that happens this game will be unstoppable best game to chill and relax while having a good time I highly highly recommended this game to people
,Recommended,516750,30358437,Posted: 6 March,all,alpha420,"it really is a fun game, i love cars and to build one? wow yes please.. this game really over-delivers what i want and i cant wait to see more from the developers. i really like this game but the only problem i am having is the framerate.i would really appreciate if this game was more optimized for garbage laptops/pc graphics.my rating is 96/100notebook: Dell Precision m6500cpu: i7 740QMgpu: Nvidia Quadro FX 3800Mand i dont think ill be able to afford a new desktop pc."
76561198128559452,Recommended,516750,30368936,Posted: 7 March,all,Chairman_Meow,Best Game ever
76561197960857468,Recommended,516750,30280351,Posted: 2 March,all,Mr. Spy,"I actually like this game.It's buggy.  It's tedious.  It's extraordinary annoying.  The bolt system is especially annoying.  Things just fall off the car.  There is a buzzing from mosquito all the time.  You have to set the sauna 15 minutes in advance to heat up before washing.  You can starve.  There is a map... At the house.  So you honestly forget which house you are going to and end up doing work at the wrong place.It's like reality in 1980 something.But it's awesome.  I mean, I built a car from parts and drove it a solid foot... It died after that, but still.  (I have to tune the engine)I've died from being stupid plenty.  I've hit a deer on the road and I think I killed Mr. Hitler.The game doesn't give you any instructions at all.  You almost require a second monitor that has the My Summer Car wiki page for bolt sizes.  If you just try to guess you will make yourself miserable.It's a mess, but it's MY mess.  I really enjoy this game."
76561198120558846,Recommended,516750,30358840,Posted: 6 March,all,Dominator1559,"+Really fun when building and tunning+has sauna and drunk finns+can build/customise your satsuma (datsun)+can drink beer,booze,eat sausages,+has 2 types of races (rally,on airfield)+can build your own ♥♥♥♥♥vagon+police stops only you,  and about  other cars hitting their cars , they dont give a fu.-drivemodel is , looks like, feels like driving 24/7 on smooth ice without any grip-you cant play for ♥♥♥♥s sake if you dont havent purchased yet steering wheel or mastered it. adjusting sensibility only makes your car clutchy and makes you fly out of the road pretty easy-you will get frustrated . when  it is building it aint that mutch of a deal, cuz it is part of it.. but when trying to ""race"" you will be frustrated by : how many attempts you tried and how many did actually took you to finish, which (if you havent found out or somehow idk) were atleast below 10th place . But if you win= the feeel is ♥♥♥♥ing nice (i am mostly frustrated and holding tears when i try it for 26th time so good luck)-permadeath is just a joke. noone plays with it because they are frustrated enough from game itself."
76561198342383696,Recommended,516750,30289352,Posted: 2 March,all,tinmanaustin2001,need help im trying to start a game but the drivers licence at the begenning i cant get a photo in there
,Recommended,516750,30357334,Posted: 6 March,all,TM' Chaio,This is the best game ever just think you build a car piece by piece in a game with wrench sizes gasoline oil whole bunch of stuff in one game
,Recommended,516750,30287260,Posted: 2 March,all,aemarble,"Learning how to do the most simple things in this game has brought me so much enjoyment. Great game, will reccomend to all of my friends."
76561198290379219,Recommended,516750,30293074,Posted: 3 March,all,Pumpkin Spiced LEz^,"Installed game, Built car, car didn't work, Got rage, threw computer out of window. My summer car best Finnish simulator."
,Recommended,516750,34114107,Posted: 8 August,all,advanXer,"After watching video a few youtuber plays this game make me fall in love with this game, it fun and very HARD but fun, It's like in real life, to developer continue the your effort, I support you. It's worth buying this game. I enjoy this game."
76561198086529422,Recommended,516750,30380224,Posted: 7 March,all,Fast Metabolism,Still good when you dont know♥♥♥♥♥♥about building cars I plan to waste more hours in future
76561198105297221,Recommended,516750,30323582,Posted: 4 March,all,Dirty-Boii  hellcase.com,Grant Theft Soumi. 10/10 would ride buss drunk again
,Recommended,516750,30356114,Posted: 6 March,all,music.ly user,Good
76561197963059442,Recommended,516750,30368065,Posted: 6 March,all,Monti James,Its fun. But its not. Worst roads in history...
76561198162348588,Recommended,516750,30407303,Posted: 9 March,all,braedan2014,ym racing exuast wont go in the car can you fix it?
76561198094349743,Recommended,516750,30272018,Posted: 1 March,all,jbartosevich,"This game takes no s**t from anybody!Seriously, it's brutal. I found more ways to die than you can imagine, and every time you die, the game erases your saves unless you remember to turn perma-death off. Yes, it's on by default. The game give you two different commands to make your character swear, and you end up using them, frequently. At least it teaches you what to say when you fall into a septic tank and forgot to change from the default perma-death.It really is fun though. As brutal as it is, it's the most fun I've had with a game for a long, long time."
,Recommended,516750,30274403,Posted: 2 March,all,Horizon,Good possibly be the best game ever
76561198050760423,Recommended,516750,30346907,Posted: 5 March,all,(WPS)Berry Blue Kool-Aid,"My Summer Car  is byfar one of the most pleasing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic car game i have played todate.Everday i wake up in my Basement in about two foot of water, I lay on my mattress that is made from cardboard from some sushi place and a few sticks, maybe about two. I lay and wonder if i should even get out of bed this moring or if i should lay here and sob about my situation until i fall back into a deep slumber. I of course choose to get up and proceed with my moring. I put on my favorite 21 pilots shirt and my cargo shorts, Theirs no need to put on shoes because i dont leave or like wearing wet shoes. I turn on my computer and sit down i get greeted with my Tracer and Rainbow Dash Erotic Fan Art i made for my dad before it all started. I proceed to ponder around my desktop which is cluddered with Horse porn and Hentai until i find my favorite game.... Call of Duty Advanced Warfare. I play maybe for 5 hours Rekting noobs and hear about this My Summer car game on steam from some noobtubing ♥♥♥♥♥♥. I proceed to look for said game on steam, I found it, go on my Favorite torrenting website, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Once it was done seeding i launched it and accepted my virus filled faite. and what i witnessed was the slovic equalivilent of a drunken Midnight 36 person orgy with a thousand ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. this game is the best video game experience i have had since honeyPops release. Going 120 kph down the highway in a sewage truck after downing 15+ beers has never felt so nice until now. And building your own Paul walker device is the most time ive ever felt like my father has contributed to my life.10/10 would cry and masterbait to this game again"
76561198093363903,Recommended,516750,30403185,Posted: 8 March,all,Bobbi,How many times have I stalled my car?
76561198046324523,Recommended,516750,26238661,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Joruzhia,Finland simulator 1995 crappy game.... but IT CAN be lots of fun.
,Recommended,516750,26228111,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,MysN-,"I am absolutely loving this game!But there is a major bug, i can only install 2 of the sparkplugs, please help me and fix this! I really, really want to keep playing!"
76561198168370360,Recommended,516750,32469360,Posted: 16 June,all,☯KeenAtom☭,Great casual game for filling time. Would recommend
,Recommended,516750,26485497,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Dipply,"Got into my van, Got drunk♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out my window, Killed a police officer then crashed into a tree and died10/10"
,Recommended,516750,28687492,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MichaelJG02,"My Summer Car, one of the only games in it's category, and one of the coolest. I love this game, It's amazing, you build a Datsun 100A, known as the Satsuma in the game, you have access to a Van, useful for picking up larger items in the game like car parts. There's a moped, and a septic tanker, and a tractor. This game is really good, and it is being updated with many new features"
,Recommended,516750,31508485,Posted: 2 May,all,SewegeDrinkinAsshole,"After playing this game for 2 hours.....First of all, I hate this game. But on the one hand, I love it.It actually means this game is ambivalent.[A Bad Feeling I Had]-Extremely Hard DrivingAt first I had to figure out how to ignite my rusty blue van.... had to google for it. A car's start button had to be pressed until it gets started. I thought after I succeed to ignite, everything could be done well.The developer was very cruel to me. After ignited, a lot more terrible things started harassing me...Bad steering made me concentrate more on the way I'm driving on. Roads there were very narrow, and I must pass them by to get to the supermarket so that I could buy more beers. Without a beer, I can't live on.-How The F*** Can I Assemble This Fu**ing Car!?Yeap, it was really difficult to build my own car. Trying to attach gauges on the dashboard, and failed. They kept falling out of the dashboard. Tried it so many times and finally gave up attaching it. Just started assembling the engine room, but I had to give it up immediately due to resistance of piston parts. The more I tried to attach them, the more other parts fell out.-Unexpected Death MomentsPerhaps the angriest part of the game is this. Unexpected, and unintended death. I really tried so hard to drive safely during the game. But all of a sudden, I died of heart attack when I was driving. What the ****! I cussed out indeed. It's not all I felt angry about. A.I cars on the paved road often crash into my car, and then I die.Sometimes reality comes and hits you very hard. That's the moment when we crash into a truck or other huge cars. We die in a flash, unless we have the second chance to undo our death(But that 'chance' doesn't actually exist). The game described our reality very well.-This Game Maketh Everyone F.a.g.g.o.tsI hate D.U.I. I don't drink or smoke. I'm a clean dude. But in the game, I become a f.a.g.g.o.t who drives a car under the influence. I felt very thirsty while I was riding my car, heading to the furthest town. Then I found a transparent bottle around an empty depot (probably it was located in front of my house) I swallowed it at a gulp.What made me confused was...... Booze inside the bottle. Holy balls. I got drunk right off as soon as I swallowed them all. I couldn't move my legs right, but had to move on. Got on my car, and started the engine. Unfortunately, just in a few seconds, my car had stuck in the gutter.... I pressed 'O' key to hitchhike an A.I's car but those robots ignored me. Spending so much time on the road and I wanted to die, so jumped into the moving car......................................................What the hell I'm talking about now[A Good Feeling I Had]-Customizing My CarThere are lots of decisions I could choose on my own car. This is the only positive thing I've ever found while playing the game.End of evaluation"
,Recommended,516750,34171257,Posted: 11 August,all,VikHit,my summer struggle
76561198335112784,Recommended,516750,31441609,Posted: 29 April,all,Kratoast industries,This is easily one if the best if not the best 15$ early access game i have played... I higly recomend it to anybody who is intrested in cars or just anybody who wants to have a good time because this game is hilarious.
76561198353970055,Recommended,516750,28745660,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,luckyapex38,i wish he had made this game for apple computers and while we have the option to play on widows computers because that would make this game 20 times better because im mac book user and i also ahve this really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ windows seven computer and it lags a bunch...
,Recommended,516750,28754883,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,compro,if you like the nit pick of chores in a game look no further this one has it all you are com-pletely responsible for your own well being in this game.  and your own sanity for that matter becuase running to the store for groceries is a kick in the butoxas you can see this isnt just a car game.
,Recommended,516750,28750350,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ImDavidZED,"One of the best games i have played, very fun and enjoyable. The only thing that would make this game perfect is if they add turbo.              Who would have ever thought a game that is only 300mb would he so good..."
,Recommended,516750,28736013,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JekkuMeister,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,516750,32547115,Posted: 18 June,all,Wuu,Really nice and fun game
,Recommended,516750,32767021,Posted: 25 June,all,Burhan_t1ma,its good
76561198178149051,Recommended,516750,26202159,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,FROOGO,cant play reported bug
76561198006599805,Recommended,516750,29913447,Posted: 13 February,all,Jessica Poison96,"Still in Building but I have spent the first 8 hours playing the first 20 mins of the game over and over and over. I haven't even started building my car yet.Many many ways to die and many are really stupid like turning around in the yard to deliver wood I was going 1 kph and my trailer touched a tree and I died.And.. my P.O.S. van was going fine on highway at 60 kph and it just jumped onto it's side killing me.. and I was doing 10kph and I hit a little white picket fence 2 foot tall and it killed me.here are some deaths that should have occered but did not.. Head on collision at 110 kph in pump truck 3 times.I had my high beams on and they came into my lane and hit me.You spend too long trying to get clean in a sauna not the shower..you can't shower. odd way to make you bathe.I'll play more once they add more to it and hopefully get a chance to play more and die less.the game is far too punishing for not being completed. suprise heres yet Another way you can die..P.S. I sure hope they don't put any of the crap cars I have seen people ask for like Audi's and Mazda Hatch backs they are grocery getters and NOT worthy of a new coat of wax let alone an power upgrade overhaul.They need real 80's cars like Irocs and Mustangs, or vintage Muscle.because when it comes right down to it EVERY RICE car in the 80's live under the same saying... ""You can't polish a TURD!""Sincerely Jessica."
,Recommended,516750,27855151,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,✀,sick blud
,Recommended,516750,32608403,Posted: 20 June,all,🐺Bendyツ,WOW WOW This game is great the best RP game ever this game is so fun you can do anything in the game its great anyone who likes RP servers in gmod will like this game better. The cars are great and the AI is great too. Also I want to drive the car that looks like a Saab
76561198414598406,Recommended,516750,35053004,Posted: 18 September,all,Tom,this is the best game ever its so good!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,516750,29794816,Posted: 8 February,all,markp,good game
,Recommended,516750,29302097,Posted: 16 January,all,viljami323,Oivoijoijjoi
76561198388928723,Recommended,516750,32660127,Posted: 22 June,all,kevinwb1966,good game
,Recommended,516750,32678185,Posted: 23 June,all,$c❂Ppp,good
76561198326121544,Recommended,516750,26358556,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,RodriAce,THEY SHOULD BRING CONSOLE BACK
,Recommended,516750,26357140,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Dennis?,This is just what you need in life!
,Recommended,516750,26356527,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,unfriendly player,10/10 Taught me more Finnish curses♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,516750,29019075,Posted: 4 January,all,s54,carburator simulator 2017
76561198170605867,Recommended,516750,29046523,Posted: 5 January,all,LRock,They NEED to make more vehicles to build. It would also be cool if you could fix every vehicle in the game. Everthing else is perfect with this game. (p.s. they should make like a ''my summer truck'' or a ''my winter car'')
76561198295114551,Recommended,516750,29058233,Posted: 6 January,all,dat brittish gammer,AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! game but... it WILL test your patince so take this as a warning its not for the faint hearted
,Recommended,516750,34586137,Posted: 29 August,all,Тони Gothly,"ive played a ton more of this game than it say's, i can honestly say this is just about one of the most funnest games ive played..., rewarding too.. and funny !. i recomand to any petrol head! :)"
,Recommended,516750,34620327,Posted: 30 August,all,Nukeslion,"This game is quite an experience, it feels at first like it might be kind of a garbage unity game but once you get the hang of some thing, it's a zen experience in which the game detects your mood and patience levels and the world adapts to it to punish you if you are impatient and reward you if you are mindful. The driving physics seems pretty great and makes me wish i had wheel/pedals/shifter etc. Putting together the car was pretty fun, try to go as far as possible without looking things up, then only look up the thing you're stuck on.Oh, please please please consider adding Linux support!"
,Recommended,516750,28899760,Posted: 1 January,all,Leiter für Kundenzufriedenheit,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!
,Recommended,516750,28217266,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,✪HyperHusky✪ CS.MONEY,Very fun when bored
,Recommended,516750,30628081,Posted: 19 March,all,Oxnard,I would love this game if they could make it in English language as well other than finnish.
76561198129747659,Recommended,516750,33942863,Posted: 31 July,all,B-B-B-BAKA!!!|Tame Impala,Finland Simulator what more could you ask for now if only we could get a slav simulator
76561197960322498,Recommended,516750,26234601,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,RaiD.fi,"First 2 hours and i was killed 3 times by my van, 1 time because was standing on a road like idiot and someone drove over me, First 5 hours in and i have already ""löylyttellyt"" (throwing water on hot stove in sauna) myself to death, gotten speeding ticket and forgot to buy necessary items from store to make my car run. Second run to the store proved again fatal because of very dangerously placed rock on my yard road.Time for more shenanigans with beer and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on random objects/people."
76561198160476192,Not Recommended,516750,35230737,Posted: 26 September,all,Duck-,this game needs to fix its ♥♥♥♥ing driving mechanics
76561197970574203,Recommended,516750,31249475,Posted: 19 April,all,Booties,Pretty damn amazing. 11/10 would buy again.
76561198057527699,Recommended,516750,31253063,Posted: 20 April,all,aasi™,5/5
,Recommended,516750,26816934,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Duckson,man i have now played this game a fair bit (i have built my car..♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in a lake and while i was driving druk and stole the muscele car and die becsue of a beast of a engine there is in that thing ) and yet i will still use my time to build one car steal  a new one and crash in the new one forgetting about the old one and wake up and start over :-)you gotta love this game :-) so much fun doing normal stuff :-)
76561198152065900,Recommended,516750,32751792,Posted: 24 June,all,✪ skeletor,"One of my most loved games, and I'm not even Finnished!"
76561198223250804,Recommended,516750,28451163,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,BTNetworks |Founder| Brayden,I LOVE THIS GAME I HAVE PLAYD 45H AND 30 MINLOVE THIS GAME
,Recommended,516750,26339803,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Smeler,"Perfect for those who have complained that the games are not contain enough interactivity.Прекрасно подойдёт для тех, кто сетует что в играх не хватает интерактивности."
76561198129126756,Recommended,516750,30540507,Posted: 16 March,all,Awesome speler,Great game. But has some bugs.
76561198185305197,Recommended,516750,28395505,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tommy Misaki,awsome game though tends to crash my laptop
,Recommended,516750,34593066,Posted: 29 August,all,[Vinesauce] Shwifty,"I want to start by saying,the game is in early access and is still being worked on,therefore don't be too quick to judge. I personally love the game, I've had it since it was released on Steam and I haven't thought ONCE about getting a refund.NOTE: You must build the engine, body, and suspension from scratch, meaning you have a car frame and an engine block. You build put the engine together yourself, so don't whine and cry if you don't know how to build a car and then automatically give a bad review. At least TRY to build it first, there're very helpful guides on Steam.Pros- Satisfaction of turning a bare boned car into a fast death machine- Fun mechanics/challenging mechanics that will keep you going for a bit- Responsive devs- Realistic features that will give you a challenge, or even say, ""Hot diddle, these devs know what's up.""- There's a testing branch you can activate to help test new features before they're released to the public.- Good ol' Unity aethstetics.- Survival mechanics like peeing, showering, eating, sleeping, drinking. You can also smoke to bring down your stress meter, along with chopping wood, having a sauna session, or even pressing a button to swear (smoking/stress is in testing branch only).- You actually work for your money by sucking people's septic tanks, delivering firewood, or maybe even driving a friend home from the bar at night.Cons- Game can get super hard depending on how you choose to play, as the developers want to make the game as true to life they can.- Optimization can be pretty bad after you fully build your car and upgrade it, nothing too dramatic though (just don't run other programs unless you have at least 12-16GB of RAM or else you'll drop around 30 FPS).- The game is far from done, so bugs and other things like that probably won't be fixed for a while, which isn't really a problem because there's no game breaking bugs, just some things that can make you super angry.- Some people of the community can be pretty edgy and toxic.- AI needs some work.TL;DR: If you're into fun survival sandbox car building simulators, go ahead and try the game out!"
,Recommended,516750,33614235,Posted: 17 July,all,Krallah,yes
,Recommended,516750,35478655,Posted: 4 October,all,luigi the chinese cowboy,All praise the mighty satsuma or else you will be punished!
76561198158791131,Recommended,516750,33861287,Posted: 28 July,all,morten-fisker CsgoGem.com,wahat do you do then your game dosent wanna upgrade
76561198264357461,Recommended,516750,30641818,Posted: 20 March,all,Dynchayyy,"My Summer Car is a simple but excellent game. I have a lot of respect for the developer as I think he started out as just one and he's developed the game really well since it came out, there are constant updates for the game either adding stuff or fixing bugs. I don't play it a lot anymore but when I do come back to the game, something new has been added which I like a lot."
,Recommended,516750,26203829,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Wegian,"Well what can I say ?I just recorded a 2 hour episode of me trying to build the engine and find food! 5/7I bought the game out of curiosity since I am a mechanical engineer, the game has a high level of detail to it when it comes to building the engine atleast (not done with that yet, died of hunger because I could not find somewhere to buy food, Maybe this could be something you order? As I found the town later and its really far to drive on those narrow roads, maybe make the roads a touch wider ?)The building of the engine is a bit wonky and a bit counter intuitive at points such as the ♥♥♥♥ing waterpump on all the car models Ive built so far in real life it hasnt been this hard to figure out at what point to connect the waterpump to the block, and also maybe make it so you can old a button to screw screws instead of the mousewheel ?overall great game and I am enjoying myself a lot! Make it easier to get food though, or let the player start with more than 1 pack of hotdogs"
76561198017906015,Recommended,516750,26207399,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Meatwad1666,what can i say its just life real life! get drunk and pee on everything!
,Recommended,516750,26207905,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,xX_AlfredBurns_Xx,"Took me 30min to start the van and drive it, I had to look up a guide. 10/10 I love to♥♥♥♥♥♥and eat sausages"
,Recommended,516750,35442419,Posted: 3 October,all,Jak0bs3n.,good
,Recommended,516750,35497488,Posted: 5 October,all,DogeEatYou,Much car... Such build... Fun map
76561198199711047,Not Recommended,516750,29518531,Posted: 27 January,all,tobias,make cheat
,Recommended,516750,29487939,Posted: 25 January,all,Spooky Spy,"Regardless that the graphics aren't the best, and the animations are stiff and limited, I love this game and would recommend it to everyone that likes building and maintaining a car in a game. The map may be smallish, but I would love for map extensions overtime. I still have fun role playing like, ""going to work"" when you go and suck someones sewer, or deliver logs. I can see many many things added that would make it better. I would love to be a tester for this."
,Recommended,516750,31350950,Posted: 24 April,all,Bonezee,10/10 would urinate on store clerk again
,Recommended,516750,26516780,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,↜༺ ☩ Frøstyß ᛟ ༻↝,"I strongly recommend this game/ simulator for these reasons:- Realistic car assembly.- Realistic Finnish squatting.- Realistic anti-mosquito spray!- Realistic time consumption.- Accurate Finnish life simulation.- Decent drunkness simulation, ""I know from experience.""- Save your game progress on loo!- Get drunk on boat.- Get drunk in van, car or truck.- Get drunk on side of road.- Get drunk in or outside of house.- Get drunk where-ever, when-ever. ""Drunkness is a legal once a day requirement in Finland.""- Able to Squat and drink near road while flipping off cars that pass by you.- Able to Decorate your car with bottles and trash.- Able to litter and whizz anywhere you desire, ""and you won't get in trouble for it!.""- Able to park your car on the side of the road to urinate, ""or urinate in car if you need to.""- Able to share a beer with your Finnish brothers, ""there is no woman in Finland.""- Swear in creative Finnish ways.-oikeasti mennä helvettiin!The developer has made this fantastic game, and has obviously put allot of heart into making this game as well as allot of detail.I'll like to say to the developer, strongly thank you for creating this game because I've had allot fun with it and really enjoy playing it, ""I'm hard to impress"".Keep up the good work, I can't wait to see what the next update could be!♥"
76561198080407327,Recommended,516750,26291728,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Pyro,Kunnon Suomi simulaattori.
76561198267545019,Recommended,516750,30037027,Posted: 19 February,all,TheMyCraftArmy,HELP ME ONE OF MY PIECES FELL TROUGH THE MAP HOW CAN I GET IT BACK????
,Recommended,516750,26270738,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,egu,Veri good game.
76561197969611252,Recommended,516750,32055660,Posted: 29 May,all,Reverend Spite,"GTA Sweden, but with less cops.Not sure how to categorize this one. It's like The Sims meets GTA meets Mechanic Simulator, except it's better than that.Seriously, if you're a motorhead at all, give it a shot. It's stupid fun, and much more awesome than it's price tag would have you think.Latest update made suspensions very fragile, it seems, but the dev is very active and I'm sure this will be sorted out by the time you get the car running for the first time, anyway."
76561198041161657,Recommended,516750,33861032,Posted: 28 July,all,Ed,THIS GAME F@CKIN RULES!!!ADD GUNS PLEASE  I WANT A SHOOT STUFFYOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO STEAL MONEY & STUFF ADD HOUSES TO JACK DEVS
,Recommended,516750,31461469,Posted: 30 April,all,Damien,Love it!!!!!!!!!!
76561198317029314,Recommended,516750,30947601,Posted: 4 April,all,trenthedges1,Best game ever
76561198316523381,Not Recommended,516750,27728070,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,zombietank157,dude your game crashed over and over i do not like that
76561198208487432,Recommended,516750,29993373,Posted: 17 February,all,Kotel,This game is worth its price looks weak but you can play it really long time :)
,Recommended,516750,28349762,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,NappiT® Since 2002,Nice
,Not Recommended,516750,28693243,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SpecialNeedsSpeedy,Really hard. Sauna does not respond correctly. Driving van did not work for me. Would re-purchase if they eased the gameplay a bit
,Recommended,516750,26302142,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Eucalyptus,gr8 game I r8 8/8 m8
76561198214420396,Not Recommended,516750,28840814,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Sonic_Mouse,Game crashed and could not play i meet all the specs but cant play
76561198259671001,Recommended,516750,28467821,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,☣UNKN0WN☣,Awesome game!!💪💪
,Recommended,516750,26524443,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,|m.berat|,super
76561198353595502,Recommended,516750,29368794,Posted: 19 January,all,^1Gaming^2LabYT,can you make it so you dont have to make the engine
76561198259344773,Recommended,516750,29683986,Posted: 3 February,all,檸蜜,a funny game
76561198132252149,Recommended,516750,30642387,Posted: 20 March,all,Izzet Firemind,"I love this game. I can't seem to get enough of Finland or my ugly little Satsuma. From the mement I started putting the engine together, I was hooked. Since then, the developers have done so much to improve the gameplay, and overall feel of the game. They are always adding new things, and fixing the buggs that are always so prevelant in these indi titles. The car building aspect alone is incredible, then add the fairly large finish world and it's activities, and you'll be entertained for hours. Do your inner petrolhead a favor, and get this game."
,Recommended,516750,26730522,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Sib The Squid™,"I was making it in life. I had my sewage truck..it was an honest living with selling firewood on the side. I had it all..I had a wife and 2 kids, Mary and my son and daughter Bob And Penny. But I lost all that on one..fatal day. It was a saturday..it seems my family had left me, that♥♥♥♥♥♥Bill betrayed me and ruined my marriage. Looking back on it now, I did drink a lot, beer was my life blood and now it was all I ever had, beer never betrayed me.A project I was involved with was the rebuild of a car..I can't recall the name..I just called it the shitbox. It took many days to rebuild..and a lot of beer, connecting it all by the grace of the great angel combustion. Suddenly the phone rang..I wish I never answered that call for it was the beginning of the end. It was a call, someone's septic tank was full, I chose to ignore it for a while longer. I was nearly done you see, the engine made contact with the body, like it was destined to be..I turned the ignition and the following sounds..explosions..and then the engine jumps at least 5ft out of the body from one final bang.I flew into a fit of drunken rage, the beer I had been consuming had betrayed me too. It clouded my mind, it was the♥♥♥♥♥♥ The♥♥♥♥♥♥was to blame and I was going to empty that♥♥♥♥♥♥only to unload it on the guy who pays me. I plowed down the dirt road doing speeds in excess of 80km/h. My arrival was the screaming of brakes and I got out to remove the cover..with beer in hand. I took a gulp and stepped forward..I was taken by the deepest fathoms of hell..as I sank in♥♥♥♥♥♥it all flashed before my eyes. Mary and her golden hair, Bob the lil' viking as I called him and penny and that dance she used to do. And Bill..♥♥♥♥ you Bill.This game will test you, it will drown you in♥♥♥♥♥♥just as it drowned me. It was a good death."
,Recommended,516750,27361208,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Deditated Wam,Very interesting... harambus would have loved this game ;( .  1/1 for harambe
,Recommended,516750,26490190,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Vaginal Thievery,Chugged a bunch of beer in my car and peed all over it.10/10 would drink and drive then pee all over my car again.
76561198340667067,Recommended,516750,26740820,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,COLCAS,i am mad becuse i biult the engine and i had to go th bed and when i went back on the game and the engin i worked hours on despawned they need to add a save button
,Recommended,516750,28036549,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,monk king,"drunk, alone, in finland, at night, in a ditch, with no gas, and no food"
76561197971256349,Recommended,516750,31741222,Posted: 13 May,all,Lucas Is Awesome,oOOOooOOooOOOoOOO
76561198132780231,Recommended,516750,26215158,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,LM,GG
76561198359637173,Recommended,516750,29671229,Posted: 3 February,all,ThatTrainGuy,"Now what can i say, this is such a good game. I would highly recomend it to anyone who is intrested in engineering or cars, but i would also say dont buy unless you have a great PC. Each update adds something new and exiting to the game so when you think your out of something to do...   a Mad Axe Murderer shows up!"
,Recommended,516750,26303641,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Yetti,"Spent an hour learning to drive.Found a guy sitting outside his house.Swore at him, no reply.Found his drinking well, lifted the cover,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in it.Fell in the well and died.GG10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥in my neighbours well again."
76561197971363107,Recommended,516750,29934936,Posted: 14 February,all,KillerSpud,Quite the fine Finish Life Simulator.
76561198278065926,Recommended,516750,30560480,Posted: 16 March,all,Baba Yaga,good
76561198394925557,Recommended,516750,33877768,Posted: 29 July,all,max.thomas,i can not find the buket to make kilji
76561198242523784,Recommended,516750,33872959,Posted: 28 July,all,CoolGuyJack,can you make the truck not use fuel beacuase it is stuipd to go refuel the truck every time please
,Recommended,516750,28195397,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,神Sir Awesome_Possum神,refunded it but found out how to fix the glitch a day later it was rather akward
,Recommended,516750,28199508,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,no.,"-Went to shop in van-died-well♥♥♥♥♥♥-get in sewage truck-drink drive-tips truck-well♥♥♥♥♥♥(get it ,♥♥♥♥♥♥-try to walk to shop-Diedover all, best sim"
,Recommended,516750,28853585,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,=LXN= IceGT,painua vittuun jauhonaama jälkeenjäänyt homo
,Recommended,516750,26248417,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TerhX,"Just like a ordinary day in finland 5/5 but more money for beer, so its like dream come true."
76561198277606461,Recommended,516750,29971941,Posted: 16 February,all,maximus_cha,really good game but it keeps crashing. i dont know why but i fyou know how to fix it please tell me in a comment
,Recommended,516750,26481676,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,cowe,Where is coffee?
76561198340826621,Recommended,516750,30476273,Posted: 12 March,all,VxR_2812,This game is very unque for enginers. It teachesthe young how to build cars from scratch.
76561198353458816,Not Recommended,516750,29238413,Posted: 13 January,all,kianabriggs2007,its crasheing
,Recommended,516750,26210896,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Stellar,Best game ever!Terveisin entinen kahden Datsun 100A omistaja.
,Recommended,516750,28486320,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Nikkechu,lol
76561198200269897,Not Recommended,516750,31797522,Posted: 16 May,all,slicersixeg,I personally wouldnt recomendi ts a game that is very fun to watch play on youtube but horrible to play yourself im trying to get a refund as we speak
,Recommended,516750,33040739,Posted: 30 June,all,ドリフト,Me being 30ish percent Finnish this was actually very accurate.
76561198101625932,Recommended,516750,33062100,Posted: 30 June,all,boolman,this game is very gud! although it is a horribe gaym it still guud! you will go to bed and wish you were dead after your 5748 atempts to build the engine and finally finish your car but you die without saving your game! now as i load my revolver i want to say all of these 80 something hours i wanted to tell you i never wanted to die so muc..........
76561197971263756,Recommended,516750,26235404,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Strider,if games could have babies this would be the result if Car Mechanic Sim and Jalopy got together in bed.
,Recommended,516750,30031677,Posted: 19 February,all,Minininja,This game is super fun. But the building part of the game is fun and not fun at the same time. driving the car and getting it inspected is the best felling ever. Buying the upgrades is fun and putting them on and stuff. delivering the car to Flettari and getting him to upgrade it is cool.. needs more canada still reccomend it.
76561198416074181,Recommended,516750,34516230,Posted: 26 August,all,rushblackwell,"to hard to start game,"
,Recommended,516750,28453948,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,hi,build a shitbox and make it not ♥♥♥♥♥♥ then delete some kids on the track
,Not Recommended,516750,26544227,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Daddy,This game does not work when I start it up and make my charcter the game freezes at loading I have tried many things to fix it but nothing works.
76561197971334747,Not Recommended,516750,30129362,Posted: 23 February,all,LibertyorDeath,I wish I could recommend this game in it's current form but as of right now there are currently too many issues. Many of the mechanics of the game are very hit and miss are very frustrating when you die because of it. You basically have to keep moving and trying to interact with some things until the game eventually gives you the option to interact with it.That being the said the game is fun when it works and I look forward to coming back to it when it has made more progress.
76561198172774145,Recommended,516750,29163083,Posted: 10 January,all,0.To.60.In.4.5,"My Summer Car is the ultimate car owning, building, fixing, tuning, maintenance AND permadeath life survival simulator"
76561198165719155,Recommended,516750,26239980,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ranger,10/10 would get drunk and drive again
,Recommended,516750,26199330,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Alpha,"I love it, but cant find out how to save..."
,Recommended,516750,26207449,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,skug,5/5
,Recommended,516750,26490623,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,Perfect.
,Recommended,516750,26394757,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Chuck Norris,Chuck Norris Approves!
76561198095208883,Not Recommended,516750,35506141,Posted: 5 October,all,Brendan Gaming,Remove ghost right now or else!!!. plz :)
,Recommended,516750,26198630,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Koda,"yes, nice game"
,Not Recommended,516750,29455780,Posted: 23 January,all,Skelitor,"Let me begin this review by saying that this game is actually very refreshing. It has a pretty unique and open-ended world, it's oddly immersive and tons of fun, but as it stands it's too overwhelming to a new player.I get the idea-- it's supposed to be a relatively simplistic approach to building a car, and allowing you to customize it realistically. The issue arrives, however, that some of the processes you have to do are too complex even by building-a-car standard.Let me explain: I'm no expert in cars. I am just as much a novice as the next guy. Upon sitting down with a mechanic friend, and reading various walkthroughs online to build this car, we've come to the conclusion that some things in this game just don't work for no real explained reason. You can bolt two items together, slap it into the engine block, and attach a 3rd thing to it-- but attaching that third thing BEFORE putting it into the block will cause it all to fall apart, even though the engine block doesn't interfere with the item at all. This type of conflict arises often and makes the already-tedious task of building an entire engine block even harder.Now, on-top of it, you have to bolt everything into each other using a series of spanners, which I'm very conflicted upon. I *love* the realism in it, but at the same time it brings almost all of the fun out of the game. You attach a piece. You attach another piece. Then you take off that piece because you forgot to bolt on the first piece. Alternatively, you bolt on a piece and find out that an entirely other tertiary piece needs to be bolted on first, so you have to one-by-one unbolt everything from the body and start over.People will disagree, I'm aware-- and I'm sure it's intended by the developers-- but the complexities of this game suck all of the fun out of it. You go into it thinking, ""This will be tough but we'll slap some stuff together and see what works"" but after about 2 hours of trial-and-error and you haven't even put the pistons into the engine, you realize that you'd rather have 15$ in your pocket then to keep trying at the game.I also gave it a shot at NOT building the car, and instead just exploring the roads. The issue with that becomes a very bland landscape and getting quickly and readily lost in the world with no gas, then dying on the side of the road from dehydration, and starting over.Don't get me wrong, I'm not ♥♥♥♥♥ing at the developers or whining that the game is too hard-- like I said, I think this game was made exactly how they wanted it to be made and alot of people enjoy the extra hardcore challenge, but as it appears to *me*, it's a game that takes an interesting and refreshing idea and turns it into a tedious list of grinding chores with ALMOST no reward to it's completion. It's not difficult-- it's just BORING. slow-paced, boring, and a bit annoying in its' mechanics.I will definitely give this game another try in the future, and would be *DELIGHTED* to get it at a discounted rate (I understand that 15$ isn't exactly extravagant, but it still feels like too much for this game) but as it stands, full price, I don't really find myself enjoying the game much longer, and cannot recommend it to anyone else."
76561198288725149,Not Recommended,516750,26761622,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,nugoroho634,"why mine is,crashed and crashed again?any thoughts"
,Recommended,516750,26200363,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Microwave,yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes
76561198020840337,Not Recommended,516750,35061335,Posted: 19 September,all,Jamie Vardy's avin a party,"Gimmick wears off fast, might become more enjoyable once polished but after forcing myself through all I feel is frustrated playing. Car building is rewarding but to die due to poor mechanics and lose all that progress saps it out of you."
,Recommended,516750,26513680,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,ItsRandel153,NOT WORKING FOR ME! TRIED TROUBLESHOOTING I WANT A REFUND AND ILL BUY ANOTHER GAME! BUT ILL STILL GIVE IT A GOOD REVIEW CAUSE IVE BEEN WATCH ALOT OF VIDEOS AND I THINK ITS REALLY AWESOME. IF YOUR GOING TO BUY THIS GAME MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THE REQUIREMENTS FIRST AND CAREFULLY CAUSE I OVERLOOKED SOME DETAILS
,Recommended,516750,28542391,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Lovensky,"This game was really fun when I first started playing, knowing nothing about cars and trying to piece things together slowly. Then got frustrating slowly over time with dying, car not working or turning on, twice. But once I watched some videos things got very fun again once I knew what I was doing and finally got the car to work, a very nice feeling when the car turns on and stays on, even better when the brakes work. I'd reccommend importing your own music into the radio so you can have fun car trips, making driving back and forth from the town a less daunting task. With more updares this game will turn out very well in time."
76561198105805420,Not Recommended,516750,28890535,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,ben1234567891000,game crashes everytime i try to load it...
76561198243507046,Recommended,516750,33026758,Posted: 30 June,all,ccpro,pleas emake this mac compatible
,Recommended,516750,26480567,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Savioja,👍
,Recommended,516750,26301195,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Tobi,If you don't know how to build engine ask nearest russian.
76561198045274419,Recommended,516750,30383616,Posted: 7 March,all,GTAHQHD,-Finally built my car.-Tried for hours to get it started.-It finally started.-Engine blew up.I love this game so much.
,Recommended,516750,30357048,Posted: 6 March,all,Sassy The Sasquatch^,Wag wan piff ting what's your bbm pin
76561198337898009,Recommended,516750,34535863,Posted: 27 August,all,STZ,i havent got the new uptate where the cigarettes are is this a glitch?
76561198102269834,Recommended,516750,28232488,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Maelstrom,Still not bored!
76561198115111830,Not Recommended,516750,30498831,Posted: 13 March,all,The Stool,i started the game ran smooth as butter but crashes every time i TRY to get in driving mode and its really annoying
,Not Recommended,516750,30535212,Posted: 15 March,all,BuddySmiles,"cool game but needs an option to turn thirst and other variables off, i like building the car from ""scratch"", but getting drunk off beers (and getting drunk off your♥♥♥♥♥ or running in the house every 20 seconds to drink from the tap suck when your thirsty."
76561198270956940,Not Recommended,516750,31921160,Posted: 23 May,all,TheEvilGuest,fun game just laggy
,Not Recommended,516750,34135110,Posted: 9 August,all,darraghman,good game but ever time i play i get killed by the green car wish there was an option to turn off but really recoumend it eidt: i will liake this game agin if they add option to take of the cars in game like it but it really anoues me thatt every time i play i get killed by allo of the cars i see plese make an option so we can turn theam of becouse this makes me rage but right now donnt buy fun but no fun f... this game
76561198009903018,Recommended,516750,29752398,Posted: 6 February,all,Corwin86,"I starting say: I requested a refund!So why recommend? Simply, was not (yet, maybe) my kind of game. And have some problem.But maybe waiting and check in the future)?The idea is fantastic, however the controls are... terrible.And I don't really like the game that put all on the ""funny"" side (that mean, is buggy, let's have fun!).And yet, at the same time, it have some of the more interesting ideas and design structures I've seen so far... but this need to be improved more.Also, more cars and contents are required, in my opionion.So, I recommend it (but I frankly don't share all this ""commotion"" around it...), but I suggest to wait some time and see how it improve."
76561198033322180,Not Recommended,516750,30186474,Posted: 25 February,all,Captain Cooked,"Get half way through building the shell of the car, ready to install the engine. Then the car glitches on garage door, flips on roof.Yeah, ♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198086833906,Recommended,516750,29473664,Posted: 24 January,all,Cpt. Fat Belly,I have only started to play this game and I have to say the controls are the worst I have ever seen!! My god fix this crap!I am not going to rate the game bad and may change this review after i check out a few tutorials but first impression is not good. Should not take 15 mins to try and put on a part!
,Recommended,516750,26538534,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,J3baz,>drink beer>go drive>wild police appears>oh fu*k>stop>some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ crashes to you>your car hits the police>police dies>get 1400marks fine from assaulting police>6/5 would try in irl
76561198145491881,Recommended,516750,26365534,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,LOGAN,Best SURVIVAL Game Ever Fell in a sewer and drowend would do it all over again best death ive ever had in a game 10/10
,Not Recommended,516750,28130262,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,VaporStrike,"The game looks nice, and runs fine as far as I can tell from my limited time in game, but I absolutely cannot play due to the terrible design choice of not being able to disable the infinite mosquito sound loop. Regardless of how much I sit in the sauna or how much bug spray I use, there's never more than a minute long break before the mosquito sounds are back. Until we're able to disable it somehow, I can't recommend this to anyone except those that enjoy going insane from repeated annoying sounds."
,Not Recommended,516750,31187914,Posted: 16 April,all,Bird,"No Real tutorial, and it seems like its for people who really know cars. It would be better if there was a tutorial and some guides as to what to do. Graphics are ok, but the physics engine could be really improved. Overall, it's a nice styled game, but needs lots of improvements. (I am aware that this is in Early Access)"
76561198088197508,Not Recommended,516750,29612737,Posted: 31 January,all,Mad Hermit,"Yeah.. Fun to watch, pain to play. I refunded this after less than 30 minutes. As a Finn I can feel the immersion, but the problems with the UI just.. no. Fix the deadzones at least. Vituttaa, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Edit: I'm happy to see that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is a censored word."
,Not Recommended,516750,34913714,Posted: 12 September,all,Lucas,This game is a mess. Here is a list of my experiences.Starting a new game after one had already been started requires manual deletion of files in the appdata folder.The bike spins out of control if you are not on the road or lightly apply the breaks.Interacting with objects is often a pixel hunt to find that one point on it that can be interacted with.You will often have to lay on the ground to pick up objects because interaction range is inexplicably short.The game does not communicate things to the player all that well.How much firewood is required for the delivery jobs? Where do you dump the firewood? Game tells you none of this.For explanations of the functions of objects or vehicles be prepared to do a lot of google searches.There is a horrible mosquito sound that plays constantly and you are supposed to use mosquito spray to stop it but having an obnoxious noise as a gameplay feature is just stupid. You don't start with the spray either you have to put up with it until you get some.The two movement speeds are saunter and brisk walk. If you are left without a vehicle then you might as well put on a podcast and weigh down the 'w' key.Also climbing into vehicles sometimes reduces the movement speed even more.Sauna does not work for me. Seems like an isolated issue but turning it on and throwing water at the rocks does not work at all. And I know I am working the sauna correctly because♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on it produces steam so it is definately on. Luckily they added the shower so it is not such a problem for getting clean.If you flip a vehicle you might as well start a new game because if you can't work the shoddy physics in this game to turn it on to its wheels then you are out of luck because there seems to be no other way to fix it. Though sometimes the physics will decide to catapult you skyward instead.My biggest issue is the lack of explanation and documentation. I would take anything. Even a word document. If the developer just spent 10 minutes typing out how some of the things work it would be so much better.Because of the game's design I often have a hard time telling when it is something I am doing or if the game is just bugged.This game has potential. I do like the idea of manually interacting with things and the realistic approach but as it is right now it is just not fun to play.
,Not Recommended,516750,34454207,Posted: 24 August,all,Ahravi the waff,"It's fun yes, but has some serious issues for me.I have an i5-4690K and a GTX970SSC. this game uses less than 1gb of the 4gb VRAM I have, I never go over 50% cpu/gpu usage or power load on the GPU. YET, I get display driver crashes on this game, consistently. While I can run Escape from Tarkov, and many other games, including ones that literally max out my cpu/gpu usage and power% AND even VRAM constantly, and run said games for hours without a display driver or game crash.That tells me it's the crap coding, not hardware issues.There are only two games in the world that do this to me. My Summer Car, and Warframe. Warframe it is/was a known issue for Nvidia users for a long time, on here no-one seems to have this.Considering this game does it with a lower load than other games I play, not hardware. It's been doing this since the game came out pretty much. Needs fixing.Now for gameplay. Truck still flips out randomly and makes you die or lose♥♥♥♥♥♥and can't flip the truck without some RNG♥♥♥♥♥♥pushing the truck for 15 minutes irl time. Phone bugs out and won't get calls for jobs or package. Parts of the car pop off or gets damaged randomly on save/reload/justplaying the game while not even touching the car itself. The truck will randomly reset the levers inside when you come back to it for no reason. The handbrake on the truck which was improved I admit, will randomly turn off if you, on foot, bump the truck the slightest way so it starts to slide just like it used to.These are known problems and just never get fixed. They've been like this forever.Oh and being ASE certified it takes way too long to put car together in this game. Trying to find the magic single pixel spot to put a part on is ridiculous in this game. And now your engine can be damaged but to buy new parts or repair it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Can't just buy a rebuild kit or engine crate with it disassembled and just rebuild the whole thing. Apparently you have to disassemble it and buy the individual part at the stupid mechanics shop."
76561198021616440,Not Recommended,516750,27875771,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Protecter Of The Change,I wouldnt recomend if you have no idea how cars work. I have to ask the developer to put in a way for people who dont know how to build cars to figure it out.
76561198378277879,Not Recommended,516750,32090086,Posted: 31 May,all,TEM,if you enerved very fast i dont rcomand you this game i cant drive
,Not Recommended,516750,28691326,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,AnyoneCrazy55,"It's a fun game. Just needs a map and maybe a little more traction with the wheels to the ground. I'll be checking to see if they update the game for this, seeing as I cannot get a refund. 3/5. I would not recommend. It is in an unplayable state. NEEDS MAP AND MORE TRACTION!"
76561198289945839,Not Recommended,516750,30201082,Posted: 26 February,all,REf,this game is fun for messing around with for a bit but a cant really get into the game and try to finish it
,Not Recommended,516750,28898770,Posted: 1 January,all,ALEX,nup
76561198244714186,Not Recommended,516750,28889847,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fat Boi With An AWP♥,"Terrible game spent 3.5 hours building a car and went to do jobs and drove my truck (was stopped) 4 feet into a tree and it ""killed"" me and i lost my save because i died this game is full of BS like that and i hate it"
,Recommended,516750,26459355,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,fishy,BUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZBUZZ
76561198313116328,Not Recommended,516750,31402327,Posted: 27 April,all,psmith4774,it ♥♥♥♥d up in the now up dat
76561198412970992,Not Recommended,516750,34585291,Posted: 29 August,all,kanem454,will not let me begin the game i recomend i fixed
76561198080952303,Not Recommended,516750,32226806,Posted: 6 June,all,HEAVY GUNNER,my game is laggy
76561198173453606,Not Recommended,516750,27592411,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,minimcmanno,TO REALISTIC
76561198105839200,Recommended,516750,33046111,Posted: 30 June,all,PwnK,Very good
,Recommended,516750,33044924,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr Spooks,Pretty good
76561198117367774,Not Recommended,516750,28292894,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Noikallus,"The game is a lot of fun, but the glitches are game breaking. I've had my car completely ruined by glitches twice. First time I built the engine one of my spark plugs dissapeared. Second time after about 15 hours of gameplay my car doesnt move anymore. It was fine, logged out and came back and it was broke. I've checked everything associated with the clutch and the gearbox and nopthing was loose of missing fluids.\Theres also many problems with the physics randomly shoting your car on its side if you walk into it.If these problems were fixed I think the game would be great fun, but as of now the glitches are gamebreaking. If a feature is added where you can repair your cars damage as results of glitches I will change the review to positive. But as of now I'm done with the game beacuse its way too frustrating to handle the glitches. I hope the game gets fixed soon, if it does it will surely be a grreat game."
,Recommended,516750,35035704,Posted: 17 September,all,MidPanda673,its great but can you put it on the apple platform pls
76561198321944174,Not Recommended,516750,33830396,Posted: 27 July,all,MOJO GAMING/VLOGS,it is a good game but not working for me it did work but it is not working now.
,Not Recommended,516750,28013568,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lycanthropic Paranoia,"Most the time your wondering what the hell to do. Moving around in the game is very slow and stiff. Theres only one way to assemble the motor in the game and its in the exact order they want you to do it. So most the time your just clicking around and nothing is happening. Snap to is very bad an almost non existant. Piston into the cylinder to attach to the crank? Good luck. Too much of a hassle, not fun at all. Graphics are kinda like a 90's computer game, would of been fine with that except the gameplay is horrible."
,Not Recommended,516750,35314716,Posted: 29 September,all,Ur_a_faget,"Its fun too watch other people play it but when you're the one playing it it's like somone Plugging a finger up you're♥♥♥♥♥""unless you like that sort of thing"" i mean the controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥and the map is just a mind ♥♥♥♥ overall if you're a buttplug and like this game then i have nothing to say"
,Recommended,516750,26199329,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,HHenex,50/5 better than better
,Not Recommended,516750,27493206,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lahm of Fÿrdlund,"Needs polishing. Some. Serious. ♥♥♥♥ing. Polishing. With barbwire and Dettol.After 12 hours doing jobs, buying food, drinking my own♥♥♥♥♥♥ working on building the car - I finally completed the car. Doesn't start because I tuned the valves incorrectly. Couldn't figure out how to take the cover off to tune them, without removing the engine. Decided to tow the car to the mechanic. Went to get in car and take the handbrake off. End up flipping the car in the process, because apparently physics don't exist or the character is actually the Hulk.This is the point where I lost it. Attached car to Poo truck. Towed it upsidedown to the mechanic at 4am. Lost both doors, and boot lid in the process. Bodywork was already ****ed so it didn't look much different. Mechanic was closed. Died of dehydration.It was not all bad though. There were many admirable qualities within. I have never experienced the depth and detail in the process of building a car in a video game like this before. Seriously well done. If the physics of the game engine didn't conflict with placing parts so much, this review would probably be vastly different. Also I found the handling of vehicles to be enjoyable. Changing gears, stalling, doing burnouts, drifting in the Poo Tanker,  cursing at other drivers.The other drivers. The AI needs some serious work also. Everyone is invincible. Except you, and the cops. So you can be killed by these suicidal maniacs who literally don't slow down for anything. I mean nothing. First death was by being rear-ended by some dude in a red car. The fact that it was on a highway and I was going quite fast didn't make the slightest difference. There was also a head-on in a later playthough because one of these drivers decided to overtake me - right into oncoming traffic. Three other cars joined the pileup shortly after. I gave it a moment and they all soon were slowly getting back onto their loops on the highway... as if nothing had happened.The character's 'needs' (hunger, thirst, urine, etc.) detracted from the whole experience I found. It was a nuisance having to stop what I was doing because 'apparently' I'm starving and thirsty and I'll ****ing die! Well it's too bad that your house is literally in the middle of ****ing nowhere and you're driving back from a job. *Dies as I enter the house* The meters seemed to fill up too quickly.Oh and I also walked into a cop and he died. No joke. ""Walked"".5/10 Needs scrubbing."
76561198169807139,Not Recommended,516750,29594864,Posted: 30 January,all,TezZilla,"This is probably the most fustratingly, buggy and time wasting game I've probably played to date. Yeah, ok the whole idea of a life simulator, based on building cars while maintaining your health. But come on, It's full of bugs which just makes me want to throw this computer into oblivion.You get thrown straight into the game, with no introduction of choice. You have no sense of direction in this game. It took me to look through forums to be able to go to the shop to actually get food and drink.I like the whole concept of building the car from the frame, yes.The thing I really don't like about this game, is how you literally have to start over if and when you get killed (which is pretty damn easy in the state of the game right now)The bugs are just stupidly annoying, easily triggered. I am really surprised how these bugs aren't sorted with the amount of attention this game has.For starters, the police flipped my van with the slightest touch. I get out, they aren't even chasing me. Okay. So I use the push feature to get the van with my supplies inside, back onto it's wheels. But instead, the van just bugs out and kills me instead. Boom, engine build just gone to waste. Time, gone to waste.Yes, this is rage text. But it just shows that this game will trigger you."
,Not Recommended,516750,35401811,Posted: 1 October,all,shisatum,"Firstly, I will say that the core mechanics themselves and the visuals are quite excellent, but I can't get over the flashbacks from this eerily realistic sound of a mosquito buzzing around my ears from the start, indoors, no matter what room I am in, unless I drive to the store immediately to buy repellant. It's a game-breaker for me.What if I want to just start assembling the engine? I can't simply mute the game without losing a great degree of immersion from losing the other sounds. You also can't pause the game, so prepare to spend a lot of time not being able to take a break.Good try, mosquitos, but you won't slip under our radar that easily. If this crappy sound were optional, I'd play the game.Problem solved. Without a negative status effect, it feels pointless, though. Unneccesarily annoying.It's not even like you go outside, and there are mosquitos, or they come out at dusk -- no. It's just fscking mosquitos everywhere, inside your house, in every room, from the start. Please fix that. Or at least put a can of repellant on the shelf in the garage."
76561198281529699,Not Recommended,516750,29883410,Posted: 12 February,all,rpm729,"Played at first and i couldnt move around, restarted the game and was working fine. came back to it and tried to open it again and i kpt getting an error message that read : ""The game crashed. The crash report folder named 2017-2-12-16844 next to game executable. It would be great if you'd send it to the developers of the game"". reset my computer completely and it read the same message but the last number in the one above had changed to 162530....I dont even know where to begin to send a message to developers. This happens before i even boot up the game, i cant een get into it. please if anyone could help me i greatly appreciate it. Thank you in advance. ............If i get it fixed i'll leave a positive review."
76561198367777280,Not Recommended,516750,30020596,Posted: 18 February,all,michael.leeann2013,it ceeps craching on me be for i play it and i just bot the game
76561198170092214,Not Recommended,516750,26540973,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Jon Arbuckle,I wish I could play this game. Unfortunatly it won't ♥♥♥♥ing work. The Start menu is all black and when i get in game the screen is all grey except the hunger and urine things at the top right and the crosshair. I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥as hell.
,Not Recommended,516750,26348439,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,ando pwnz,♥♥♥♥♥will be good if everything is fixed and you dont die i still havent made it to the shop will all my gametime
,Not Recommended,516750,28616656,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,AndyB227,The game looks fun but I can not play because I have an Intel GPU until this is fixed this will be my review (I am not saying the game is bad I am saying the developer(s) should include other graphics card options for more diversity of players)
76561198271671260,Not Recommended,516750,30214329,Posted: 26 February,all,jordanmarlin,i updated it and noew it keeps crashing
76561198118208822,Not Recommended,516750,33547941,Posted: 14 July,all,will,Too monotonous
76561198257604147,Not Recommended,516750,28688196,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,John McAleese,worst ♥♥♥♥ing game in the world hands down and ive played blood and bacon and even thats better also its 5x cheaper
76561198198856386,Not Recommended,516750,31811125,Posted: 17 May,all,jadencars23,this game is way to hard if your vilkle just taps a tree you die wich is stopid
,Not Recommended,516750,28678340,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,BlackkLynxx,Probably the worst game ive played ever! the controls are very odd and it takes some studying of the optons to figure them out. the game also gives no help what so ever in terms of how to play or where to go or what to do. i wanted to like this game and gave it multiple chances to redeem itself but it is just so badly done its practically impossible to play. the idea is 10/10 but the execution is the worst i have ever seen
76561198079948245,Not Recommended,516750,26492316,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,tunadude1,"This makes me sad...It looked like everything I'd ever wanted in a game, but one thing really lets it down.The controls are rotten. I don't just mean 'quirky' or 'difficult at first'. I mean absolutely incredibly awful. It desperatly needs an intro or tutorial"
,Not Recommended,516750,31651348,Posted: 9 May,all,Alex,"Can't move, crashes 1 out of 2 times I open it, tried fixing it,uninstalled/reinstalled, verified cache integrity, nothing helps."
76561198018578653,Not Recommended,516750,30623185,Posted: 19 March,all,Flatulant Nun,Too unstable to enjoy. Novelty wears off after 10 minutes.Might be good for apsiring mechanics as there is a fair amount of detail in the car assembly process.
,Not Recommended,516750,30531699,Posted: 15 March,all,Pablo Escobar,"Very good game, until you loos the gasoline can, then it sucks."
76561198082879860,Not Recommended,516750,35241087,Posted: 27 September,all,Corn Waffle,"the game was fun for a while but then it wears off, first i try to build my car, it does not work, bolts randomly unscrew themself and the front wheel ( every screw in the right front wheel well was magicaly no longer in place) falls off, resulting in the tire falling off and taking the exhaust and gas tank with it, i fix this but more and more parts randomly undo themself in my engine bay.i start again, everything looking good, huh i no longer have any brake's? check every nut and bolt related to the break's, nothing wrong the break fluid simply teleports out of my car. ok, guess i'll have to drive home using the handbreak, but wait now the car isnt revving properly and even at full gas it dies, fiddle with the choke and the carboretur, nothingat this point i simply cant reconmend this game due to the car inventing flaws on its own, wich is sad because the rest of the game is fun as all hell, but when the core of the game (your car) is literally falling apart before my eyes it ruins the game"
,Not Recommended,516750,35339641,Posted: 30 September,all,reddeth,"Game is fun, for sure. But it's so buggy it's completely unplayable. I haven't had a single game get truly completed because it's so damn buggy. This last save while jumping out of the septic truck the physics freaked out and launched the pumper about 80 feet in the air, landing on it's side. There's no way to reset the truck, and no way I can tell to flip it back over. I've tried pushing, pulling, ramming, swearing and throwing every vehicle I have available at it, and it's just stuck.You can have a buggy game, buggy games can be incredibly fun, but you HAVE to give some kind of tool to work around the bugs. A console command, keyboard shortcut, cheat code, ANYTHING! Just give me some way of putting the pumper truck back on it's wheels. Absolutely 100% do not recommend, as much as I love the game the physics engine is just broken."
,Recommended,516750,26199483,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Heze,Pelaisin
76561198028506199,Not Recommended,516750,28326809,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Bren926,"The concept of this game is great, and is even relaxing when it goes smoothly, but outside of the core game mechanic (which is building a car from scratch) the game does not work at all.Yes, I know this game is in Early Access, but for $15, players shouldn't have to walk across a giant map to pick up their food and car parts that should've been in the house when players start.In it's current state, this game is worth about $4. My Summer Car looks like absolute horse♥♥♥♥♥♥(Which, granted, doesn't matter as much as mechanics), and has absolutely no tutorial of any kind on any of the confusing mechanics."
76561197972479222,Not Recommended,516750,28359977,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,freakyness,"I really want to recommend the game as appreciate the premise but there are a few too many shortcomings at this stage.> There is no easy way to get your cars back to your house - perhaps this should be a paid option for someone else to return the car, or get it to repair shop if youve crashed it.> If all your vehicles are in no mans land, then you are pretty much stuck as walking around to them is EXTREMELY time consuming, if you actually make it to them before you run out of water/food.> Falling into wells during a septic tank job - the most annoying thing ever - and your truck stays at the same location, so you cant get back to it easily. Taxi/lift?3. Putting together the car is actually quite good and enjoyable. Yet, to get it running yet though, as the petrol tank was in my van, which I managed to crash on the opposite side of the map, and havent got another car to go and find it, as I started towing with the tractor, and somehow managed to flip both vehicles on their sides while towing.Overall its not bad, but I dont think its worth the full price tag. Get it on sale."
,Not Recommended,516750,28657252,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Dude,"Wow.. This game needs a lot of polish yet. A lot. Clean up the glitches and for goodness sakes, please add english audio. The UI to assemble parts is very touchy and parts will clip through other parts at times and other times knock them off. The driving physics are off too, which I found after spending quite some time trying to figure out how to drive that blue van (finally googled it, and found that the ignition is not visible, but can be found by hovering your mouse to the left of the horn, which doesn't make any sense in a left hand drive car either).At lease I got a couple laughs out of the game. When I was guessing what keys did what, I stumbled on the ones that flip people off and ramble poorly strung, yet hilarious dirty ramblings in a foreign language with subtitles below.Hoping I can come back and write a more positive review in the not so distant future."
76561198166883752,Recommended,516750,26199468,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Agent47,This is the game many have tryed to make-Amistech made it!Best game ever!``I am making this game because this game needs to be made.``-Amistech 2k15
76561198322645240,Not Recommended,516750,28690792,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,GhostHawk112,I HATE THIS GAME    I WANT MY MONEY BACK PLZ!!!
76561198246123762,Not Recommended,516750,28432288,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,silvester324,"This game has heavily disappointed me. It may look really fun on gamepay videos from other people and on the trailers. but when you play it, it really annoys you with everything and there are no explanations for how to build the car."
76561198129205744,Not Recommended,516750,28656606,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,tylerm21,"terrible game, the idea is great but its just a pain in the butt, nothing works out right"
76561198150029027,Not Recommended,516750,31113426,Posted: 13 April,all,RexKibble,"Sorry, but this game is appalling. I waited ages to buy it, and seriously wished I hadn't, it's so badly designed it's unbelievable. The hit boxes on all the items are too small and glitchy, really hard to interact with anything. The keyboard controls make no sense and I spend the 1st hour just working out how to eat, drink and urinate, never mind fixing any cars. Also, why does my character have 3 hands? I took a leak and got a thumbs up, which doesn't go away. Nope, sorry, don't like this game at all."
76561198010935866,Recommended,516750,26677549,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,^5Here|Am,This game is absolute trash.  Controls are impossible.  my characters dies before i can even get in a damn car.
76561197980694154,Not Recommended,516750,28953214,Posted: 2 January,all,Sir Drinksalot,"Would be a fun game if the only backround noise wasnt a god damn mosquito... seriously, NO ONE LIKES THE SOUND MOSQUITOS MAKE!"
,Not Recommended,516750,26528483,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,onetwo3ez [Road To GE],"This game has no tutorial, no directions on what to do first. I have no idea on how to even start the starter car because apperently how fast you can turn the wheel is more important than knowing how to start the car. Don't even get me started on the constant buzzing noise of the fly that only flies next to your right ear, and no options to turn it off, so have fun playing this game without sound. Don't buy this game unless you want to spend hours trying to learn the controls. Fastest refund request ever requested."
76561198271911223,Not Recommended,516750,29943690,Posted: 15 February,all,jazze.liljaranta.jl,♥♥♥♥♥est game ever because it crashes every time i open it
76561198127728376,Not Recommended,516750,31211822,Posted: 17 April,all,Willzuh,"Absolutely awful. A complete waste of money. No help from the beginning, too confusing, many bugs, it's just not worth 15 bucks...."
,Not Recommended,516750,33418709,Posted: 9 July,all,xXNitroGamerXx,I whould rate it 10/10 but it took me 18 hours to build the car just for my save to get deleted i say 2/10 plz fix the bug i wasted 18 hour s of my life on this broken beta
,Not Recommended,516750,29508551,Posted: 26 January,all,THS lil nut,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing impossible and the controls are horrible. The precision required to turn on your car or remove the parking brake is ridiculous. the game is unclear about everything and you have to rely on google in order to actually acomplish something in the game. There is a good game in here but at this time it's horrible.
,Not Recommended,516750,26496243,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,CaptainKaboom82,"Ok, id really love to play this game, but i downloaded it on steam on the 8th of November and i cant seem to get past the part where you enter your name. It stops loading then when i try to reload it steam tells me the game is missing an executable, so i follow the steps in the guide, and it still doesnt work. any help would be appreciated."
76561198368867916,Not Recommended,516750,30290651,Posted: 2 March,all,h.tragear,"just downloaded this game, downloaded pretty quickly which was good, get it started up go to play the game but the loading screen stays there then it just crashes. i just paid $15 for nothing!!!!"
76561198152817375,Not Recommended,516750,30241072,Posted: 28 February,all,Pekonimaisteri,"good fun for few days, then you just repeat things all over, good fun for a while but not worth the money.For a price of 5€ id be happy to own it"
,Not Recommended,516750,29932661,Posted: 14 February,all,Chase,Quite frustrating early on as you have to assemble the entire vehicle and that would be fine if not for the frustration in trying to interact with everything.
76561198116160661,Not Recommended,516750,26504805,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,aerial[PIZZA]kebab,"♥♥♥♥♥controls - first i thought this was good game, but now after 10 hours those truck controls are ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ me♥♥♥♥♥♥game overall dont buy"
76561197992595192,Not Recommended,516750,28490878,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,SethP2343,"Even though it's early access, I wouldn't recommend the game in its current state. Installing the game and configuring it is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Not to mention my anti-virus software flags it as a trojan. Now, I know it's NOT a trojan, but its just a bunch of little things that make it a BIG ordeal to try to get the game to launch without crashing. I will revisit this review once the game is able to launch successfully with no problems. Sorry to the dev, but I think one of the first things that should be focused on is overall stability: if 50% of your customer base have to spend hours trying to get everything set up, deleting files in the game folder, configuring their anti-virus, etc etc, then you should probably put a lot more time into making sure the game is runnable, THEN focus on features. Until then, this game is downvoted."
76561198270939787,Not Recommended,516750,31546890,Posted: 4 May,all,Thelovedr123,it wont work
76561198167333267,Not Recommended,516750,34662080,Posted: 1 September,all,psjbeech,untill the controller support is fine tuned ill have to give this a dislike
76561198365025405,Not Recommended,516750,29833308,Posted: 10 February,all,crash9,crashing
76561198274307956,Not Recommended,516750,34265626,Posted: 15 August,all,toddles31,my game is broken when will it be fixed????
76561197970680484,Recommended,516750,26380154,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Shane,"OverviewYour a handyman in a forest, a jack of all trades type character trying to save up money too restore and upgrade your summer car. that you can then drive around, enter the local rally whilst surviving and working for a living.GameplayThe focus of development is too provide a real life experience, so there are no manuals, instructions, waypoints, etc. The goal is to recreate a lifestyle where you live out your working life and take part in your passion of motorsport whilst maintaining and looking after you pride and joy in the process.They is not a major amount of things to do in the game once your car is completed, Missions become redundant as you have no need for money any longer beyond buying food. but what is there can be an enjoyable experience. The mechanics aspects are particularly in-depth. from tuning, too custom parts.Technical InformationMy Computer SpecAMD FX 6300 (6core) @ 3.50 GHzGeforce 960 GTX8GB DDR3 Ram(60fps+ on Maximum Graphical Settings)It does support steering wheels, keyboard, and joysticks...ConclusionOverall the game is fun, but the replay value is only as good as the amount of times your prepared to restart the game. I have my fingers crossed for this title, and im hoping the devs make many improvements and add more content because it really is very rewarding and is a very enjoyable experience for the most part.Score10/10"
76561197960630800,Not Recommended,516750,26588977,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Ethan,"Maybe the humor is good and all that, but the fly just made me crazy. Couldn't take it after minutes of puring water onto the sauna stove (that's obv. how to get rid of the fly) I gave up on this game.I came for the car assembly. I left because of the annoying fly sound."
,Recommended,516750,27099865,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,-=Zombine3D=-,Most detailed car building simulator and showcase of Finnish life in 1995 in a Finnish City.
,Recommended,516750,28200036,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Joku,EARLY ACCESS -ARVOSTELU────────────────────────▄▀▄─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─█─────────────────────────█─▀█▀█▄─────────────────────────█──█──█─────────────────────────█▄▄█──▀█────────────────────────▄█──▄█▄─▀█────────────────────────█─▄█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────────────────────────█──█─█─█─█────▄█▄──▄█▄────────────█──▀▀█─█─█──▄█████████────────────▀█───█─█▄▀─▄███████████────────────██──▀▀─█▄█████████████────────────█─────███████████───▀▀█▄─────────▀█────█████████───▀▀▀──█──────────█────███████───────██─▀█─────────█────█████──▄──────────▀█────────█────█ Look son███──█──────▀▀█───▀█───────█────█ a good Game███─▀─██──────█────▀█──────█────████─────────────────▀█─────█────████──────────────────█─────█────████─────────────▄▀───█─────█────█████─────────▄▄██────█▄────█────█████────────██████────█────█────██████────█──███████▀──█───▄█▄▄▄▄███▀▀██────▀─██▄──▄█───█───█─────███▄──────────██████───█───█─────█─██▄────────────▄▄────█───█─────█─███████─────────────▄█───█─────█──██████─────────────█───█▀─────█──▄███████▄─────────▄█──█▀──────█─▄█─────▄▀▀▀█───────█───█───────█▄█────────█──█────▄███▀▀▀▀──────██──▄▀▀────────█──▄▀──█──────────██────█─────────█─────█──────────██────────▀█────█─────█─────────███───────────────█──▄█▀─────────██──────────██───█▀▀▀───────────██───────────────█──────────────██▄─────────────██──────────────█─█▄────────────█───────────────█──██▄────────▄███▀▀▀▀▀▄────────█─█▀─▀█▄────────▀█──────▀▄──────█─█────▀▀▀▀▄─────█────────▀─────█─█─────────▀▄──▀───────────
,Not Recommended,516750,28918514,Posted: 1 January,all,davester14,"Edited; 01/06/2017:__________________________________________________________________________________I find this game both very enjoyable and frustrating at the same time.Many complain about the difficulty of putting the car together, but for me, that is not the cause of my frustration. The fact that you can die makes this game less of a simulator and more of a survival game. I'm not playing this game to have to drive across the whole map just to realize that by the time I get there it is night and the store is closed, meaning I can not buy any of the essentials that I had hoped to buy.This game is extremely realistic, which is good and bad.To the developers; I make the following suggestion:Please, make a tutorial for gods sake, I don't expect you to tell me how to build the car, I can find that online. Tell the player that they must travel to the store to get supplies to keep your player alive, because I wasn't expecting a simulator game to kill me if I didn't eat or drink right away, some labels on the map would be great too.Ultimately I do not recommend the game in it's current state. But will follow the progress of the game and update this review if the game makes some changes to make starting off in the game easier."
,Not Recommended,516750,29411699,Posted: 21 January,all,Hazencruz,"It's not a bad game, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥are all the little tedious steps required to do ANYTHING annoying as ♥♥♥♥.I can completely understand the goal of realism, and agree with it creating a unique and fun experience with the actual building of the car and the maintaining of your own health...but not only am I expected to (by some miracle) find the ignition while sitting in a car in driving mode, turn it, know its a diesel engine, know that I have to wait for it to prime, turn it and hold it again, then release the handbrake after finding it, but I'm expected to know with no instructions that I have do all of these things? JUST TO START THE ♥♥♥♥ING CAR!?"
,Not Recommended,516750,34506296,Posted: 26 August,all,.zle',"Well, the idea is great and the game is fun... But still I can't recommend it, because of the performance. It runs awfully bad, crashes sometimes and its just awful. It's kinda sad, because the idea of the game and the concept is great and is fun. Sadly had to refund it ."
76561198042874229,Not Recommended,516750,28459063,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Infinite Sandwich,The never ending mosquito and bird sound loops in the background are so annoying that I cannot recommend this otherwise fun game.
,Not Recommended,516750,29953021,Posted: 15 February,all,Dark Sun Gwyndolin,"It's a fun idea with a very flawed execution. I can't recommend this game right now.Everything is very slow. Walking is slow. Heating up a sauna to get clean is slow. Driving anywhere is slow. You'll spend a crazy amount of time travelling with absolutely nothing to look at or do for huge swaths of time. Tons of mechanics are just broken, including stuff that used to work that have been broken in recent patches. You will die of thirst while underwater in a lake. The shower and lake don't clean you inexplicably, but waiting a half hour for a steamy room to warm up, and then sitting in the steamy room for another half hour, somehow does? By then you'll be hungry and have to urinate, which will just make you dirty again.The sounds are awful and can't be turned off. Mosquitoes will assail you mercilessly and it's a half hour drive to town to buy a can of bug spray to turn it off for a bit. Dog barking will loop endlessly despite there being about 6 houses on the entire place and none close to you.Putting together the car itself is fun, but frustrating as well, as many nuts and bolts won't even be visible and there's no way to see them to size correctly. You'll just go through the entire catalogue of spanners and then drifting aimlessly over a badly textured piece of darkness, waiting for a green glow to show you where to tighten. Sometimes to reach you'll have to jump into your car, but that will sometimes cause the entire car to jump around, will cause body damage, and will even break your windshield sometimes. Snapping certain pieces on will sometimes do the same. The game can't even handle its own automatic responses.If you do buy it, I'd recommend waiting for a heavy discount and even then expecting not to have as much fun as you thought you were going to. This game is much better to watch videos of online, because the boring monotony of it all will be cut out for you. Maybe after another 2 years of early access it will be okay, but the developer seems to balance fixing bugs with adding half-working features, so maybe this will be another title that's never out of early access. Hopefully a better development team will steal the idea and make a game that is less walking simulator and more having fun with realistic car parts."
76561198137437260,Not Recommended,516750,29998885,Posted: 17 February,all,blackp,The game is very fun but there is alot of bugs and issues that could take your long hard work and game play to an end like how my got hit by an npc and flew out of the map I looked online and it said the car should reapear at the house but it never did and i also looked at the land fill but still no luck. The game is fun but upsetting how I lost 20 hours of playing and work to a bug/glitch. I do not recommend this game due to it wasting alot of work and time.
76561198336120001,Not Recommended,516750,28515269,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Captain Arrgh,"This is an ok game, it is so hard, the graphics SUCK, and if you crash or hit a tree you die, if you go in the water it doesn't even look like you are, THIS GAME IS SO FRUSTRATING! IT SUCKS, this game needs a LOT of WORK!"
,Not Recommended,516750,28570683,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,UltiBat,NO. JUST NO. DON'T GET THIS GAME. NOT YET. IT NEEDS A LOT MORE WORK PUT INTO IT.
76561198032906850,Not Recommended,516750,28235596,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,dragoonspirit,i can`t run this game.....on aktivate this game find kaspersky ever a trojan in this game after steamdownload ....it`s a bad joke pay monye for nothing
76561198321903457,Not Recommended,516750,29583375,Posted: 30 January,all,cookster3366,It's a good game but it's too dark at night and a loooooot of the time like I'm talking 70% of the time the piece of car and engine don't snap together
76561198134820369,Not Recommended,516750,28152557,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,KKong1,Can't play:(  unfortunately keymapping won't work and controls aren't responsive in-game.   Keymapping prior to game loading also has no result.
,Not Recommended,516750,29346613,Posted: 18 January,all,BlueBeefalo,"The controls and the physics system is terrible. It's nearly impossible to assemble your car since most of the parts just fall off anyways, you don't even know what you're doing for the first few minutes and driving a car just simply just doesn't work sometimes. It's a great concept like jalopy but it's littered with bugs. If you're planning on buying it, wait until it gets out of early access. I'll think on returning to the game when it's out of alpha."
,Not Recommended,516750,28962497,Posted: 2 January,all,Empress Dowager,"The map is too big, too lonely. I understand it's part of the aesthetic but it's gamebreaking.Also, I can't switch between my keyboard and driving wheel all the time. Make it so I can use a controller to control the player, at least.LOVE LOVE LOVE the concept, want to play, just needs to be more refined.Also put more work into the life management aspect. More food and etc. More interaction with people as well. As it stands this is for anti-social people, but I really think this could be a fleshed out rewarding experience"
76561198057691067,Not Recommended,516750,29136960,Posted: 9 January,all,Neuro,"I think this game needs a lot of work - amazing concept, but somewhat fails on execution. My first big beef with the game is the animation for fasteners isn't correct... righty tighty - lefty loosey; it's not that hard. The next big thing is that when using wrenches/spanners there's no size indicator; with all the different sizes it would be nice if there was some kind of indicator when a bigger or smaller wrench is needed. When it comes to actually working on the vehicle I can't find much compaint. The awkardness of some parts may not be realistic, but it's representative of some of the BS you'll see on your average car.I don't know if it's a physics issue or a control issue, but the lag on turning/steering is kind of rediculous. It's more like driving a boat than anything. Small steering adjustments are none existent - it takes large steering adjustments that, even at low speed, are severe. Prepare to crash a lot.It would be nice if there was something to soften the learning curve. Maybe put the shop/store near the start point so it doesn't take an endeavor to, really, begin playing the game. Also, add a mini-map. It might not be immersive, but it gives beginners a clue about where they are.I want to like this game so much. It has everything you could need, but really falls short in a lot of ways.Also, graphics are mediacore.Most importantly... the map is a giant waste of space. There's a giant lake that takes up 75% of the map. Get rid of the water and fill it up with track area. For a driving simulator, this game has the worst roads to drive on I've ever seen. You might as well be driving a model-A with bent rims."
,Not Recommended,516750,28638226,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Lucario,"The system requirements for the graphics you get is laughable. Something really needs optimising. But with that said, this is only an early access game. The rest of the game seems nice, this will probably be a very fun game when its ready."
,Not Recommended,516750,28097589,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,jeezus,Not worth the price.
,Not Recommended,516750,28479799,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,질 과학자,...the mosquito
,Not Recommended,516750,28644438,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,cerulean12,There's no tutorial or anything. I went into the game and had no idea what the hell I was going. The farthest I got was turned on the ignition and tried to figure out how to put the car in drive but couldn't.
76561198323884268,Not Recommended,516750,29709445,Posted: 4 February,all,RyAn,dont like it find it a wast of time and it crashes
,Not Recommended,516750,28702158,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,[HZ-HERO] Sgt. Ford F-150,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is bad1. No tutorial in how to play it2. 5mph into a tree and dead3. no help in tool selection when looking for bolt sizes4. there is no grip at all in driving5. just starting up the vehicals is just horridJust don't download this game.  Seemed like it had potential but the price not so much.  Uninstalling and gonna get a refund.
76561198174891982,Not Recommended,516750,29703768,Posted: 4 February,all,HLB.Gamer,spillet starter ikke
,Not Recommended,516750,29138095,Posted: 9 January,all,STORMER,just downloaded and cant even play as it continues to keep crashing. no solutions have fixed issue but will wait for an update to see if it fixes it
,Not Recommended,516750,28897856,Posted: 1 January,all,[BigD] JCNZL64,"Get this on sale if you like torturing yourself, I tried so many times to just get to the store to get a part for the car to finish it and either got crashed into by a stupid green car or would crash off the road on a stupid off camber corner.So much of a grind, I give up.  I enjoyed Car mechanic Sim 2015, its a grind but atleast all your progress isnt deleted every time you try and drive a car."
76561198191230655,Not Recommended,516750,28436022,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,12345charm13,This game could be so cool but controlls are so bad
,Not Recommended,516750,34907165,Posted: 12 September,all,smokey the bear,I would recommed if they add console commands back.
76561198052843934,Not Recommended,516750,29608836,Posted: 31 January,all,Cake,annouying sounds that cant be turned off and no help to start this game what so ever i know a few basic about cars and engines and still cant do any thing
76561198116741206,Not Recommended,516750,26530824,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,wizard_69,For me this game is not worth the money. Just trying to put the sausages in the fridge took 4 attempts. I couldn't even get the door open to go outside.
76561198148261995,Recommended,516750,30940826,Posted: 4 April,all,Keystone Knight,"hi every 1!!!! this game is SOOOO fun!!!! i bought this game(even though im not 18+, i did it ne way, if u dont like it deal w/ it. im mature 4 my age). My favorite part is buying and drinking alcohol!!!"
,Not Recommended,516750,31125785,Posted: 13 April,all,[JSH]DrakBehr (≧ω≦),Still unpolished. Better wait before devs screw you out of money.
76561197991753871,Not Recommended,516750,30957483,Posted: 5 April,all,DEM0Ns,Game crash when i press driving mode! :(
76561198009163774,Not Recommended,516750,29790022,Posted: 8 February,all,TripleC,♥♥♥♥
76561198328387212,Not Recommended,516750,28477162,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,gaminglucss,MY GAME DOES NOT WORK WTF
76561198181501517,Not Recommended,516750,29100137,Posted: 7 January,all,jesse_neilson,how do i move around in the game? ive pressed every button on my keyboard and i dont move at all
76561198243891430,Not Recommended,516750,27285451,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ryandemarie,"DON'T BUY THIS GAME....... when i bought the game i thought it was a cool concept and it is but the mechanics and the way the game is completely ruins all the potential of the game. It finally set me over the edge when i was drving my van through the dirt roads during the night and i got lost because there is no god damn mini map, i was looking for the nearest town which isn't clarified in the game. i was almost done with my car that you have to build and i ended up having to quit the game without saving which really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off because i lost every thing i did to the car. tell the developers fo the game to put in a ♥♥♥♥ing mini map and a save button in the menu..... this was my experience in the 2 hours i played the game, don't buy it."
76561198192930855,Not Recommended,516750,34958396,Posted: 14 September,all,James5468,i dont like how ever time i die it makes me start a new game
76561198366715988,Not Recommended,516750,33750117,Posted: 23 July,all,lewis.w.taylor,"Bought it today, played it for 5 minutes, crashed. Now crashes every time I try and open it."
76561198395500920,Not Recommended,516750,33900661,Posted: 30 July,all,kylehanthant,too laggy
,Not Recommended,516750,33960558,Posted: 1 August,all,chad701,"Controls really confusing, I was not even able to start a car, much less build one"
76561198169746027,Not Recommended,516750,35199335,Posted: 25 September,all,njbtransport,i just spent 3 hours building the engine and didnt save. i lifted it up on te hoist and then it gliched out and the engine went somewhere. if i could rate -1000000000000000 i would.waste of 15usd
76561198148642030,Not Recommended,516750,26707477,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Neltharion,"Junk Game. You can never push your car normally. You car will fly when you are pushing. Even you can fly sometimes. Moreover, you can stuck in your garage with a falling car on your head."
,Not Recommended,516750,34840245,Posted: 9 September,all,✔️ Groene Liniaal,"no toturial, if you do not have a lot of knowledge about cars do NOT buy this game"
76561198008297618,Not Recommended,516750,31731160,Posted: 13 May,all,fatcat1111,"Awful controls, but a fun idea."
76561198128012445,Not Recommended,516750,28643129,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Master Wolfie,how do you refund games again
76561197966633249,Not Recommended,516750,29653244,Posted: 2 February,all,denpo,"When each of you single action required to look up for a tutorial on the internet because the ergonomic doesn't make sense, you know you have a problem. However when such ergonomic is broken to the point you can't move forward into the game after only a couple minute of gaming, this is a disaster.Tried for a good 10 minutes to reach the tractor rear hydraulic lever, but I would never be able to. Followed step by step youtube tutorial, still unreachable.Every action takes ridiculous amount of time to complete, pretty much as long as it would take in normal life, but the days are lasting an hour or two in the games.The car building gameplay got me to buy the games, the whole rest of the game got me to get a refund."
76561198095993875,Not Recommended,516750,29304774,Posted: 16 January,all,Niels [NL],Spend enough time in this game to say that the concept is very fun but the amount of glitches and bugs are killing me. I end up having all my cars crashed in ditches or completely stuck. And when I tried to save myself from fatique and rushing to home with the van I somehow crashed it into a tree and died.This game will give you many ragequits and heartattacks.I threw my keyboard through my monitor.
,Not Recommended,516750,32226935,Posted: 6 June,all,NitroGlicerin,"Fairly cool little game. why the negative review then? well sadly it suffers from many many glitches...I was making a car (which as a mechanich irl I can put together) and I lost a shock absorber...while placing it in its spot (impossible to aim it right because you need to aim in obscure places to place it) it flew off, never to be seen again... meaning a full reset of the save because things that touch the ground apparently fly to the damned ISS. cool game if you have nerves of steel, if you dont like your games 50/50 bugs to content dont get it"
,Not Recommended,516750,33844594,Posted: 27 July,all,Your Local Anti-Christ,"Plagued with issues and making the car is a pain when a part refuses to be put on. Wait a while for when they fix the checkmark thing, I shouldn't have to spend 20 minutes looking for a pixel to click to put the exhaust on."
76561198117794592,Not Recommended,516750,29896254,Posted: 13 February,all,Panda,totally not worth any amount of money if youre ready for a glitchy game with parts falling off or just want to lose your van.i have made the damn car 5 times now and every now and then i continue after save and its just a wreck againi hope some day in the future they just make this game good cause the concept is great not how its made now
,Not Recommended,516750,28600567,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Skooma,Transporting stuff from store in boat and 75% of it just float over the side going in a straight line.LOL so random XD. Look at how random this game is guys
76561198261066527,Not Recommended,516750,31000007,Posted: 7 April,all,aaron30uk (6 digit 2ndacount),trying to play yet test illegal version lets me walk around yet when i download and pay for new game i cannot move atall wtf fix this problem pleaese
76561198261600147,Not Recommended,516750,26712440,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,rigs,carnt get to the shop so i ceep dieing its verry sad
76561198194000215,Not Recommended,516750,26497059,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,DHC2833,I dont even know how to start a new slot
76561198153285105,Not Recommended,516750,30287880,Posted: 2 March,all,coolcoryrules,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME I died and lost my entire save
76561198127368334,Not Recommended,516750,34002271,Posted: 3 August,all,smray21,"By default, there is a feature called permadeath.  Once you spend days playing and make one mistake, it erases your entire save."
,Not Recommended,516750,32819750,Posted: 26 June,all,FleeingNevada,It could very well be the worst thing since Pahat Pojat.
76561198269189655,Not Recommended,516750,35246763,Posted: 27 September,all,plymouth_roadrunner,stupid♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,516750,26545782,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Morty DA WIZARD,I love this game but your van and go off the road and you cant get back out coz the van spins out so you cant get the speed to get out.
,Not Recommended,516750,34623794,Posted: 30 August,all,Blank,"The devs refuse to add a non-survival mode and the community is cancer whenever someone asks to add an option against it. Its a fun gimmic for a little bit but for those of us who want to enjoy the games core gameplay it would be better to have an option against it. It wouldnt take anything away from the game if they simply added the option to play without survival. I get comments like ""it wouldnt sell well, it wouldnt be a hardcore survival game"". Even if by some miracle this game was actually a hardcore survival game(which it isnt) adding the option to play at a ""noob"" difficulty wouldnt take anything away from the hardcore experience, especially not in a game that completely single player and who's personal experiences would have no affect on anyone lese."
76561198067198869,Not Recommended,516750,30716411,Posted: 24 March,all,Monkey Mouth,"Very difficult controls, really vague mouse pointing and not very clear on how to do anything. Overall, at this stage, it's pretty abysmal.]However, I'll keep playing the game and possibly update this review if it improves because I do see a lot of potential in this. But at this stage I can't recommend it."
76561198010102675,Not Recommended,516750,28215654,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,SaQSoN,"With clumsy controls and without any built-in explanations on how to do things in this game it's absolutely unplayable. I wish, the developers whould first refine their game mechanic and only then add content to it. It could have been fun, but instead it's just pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Isn't worth 10 bucks, they are charging."
,Not Recommended,516750,30027207,Posted: 18 February,all,TheFettONE,"First playthrough reaction:I was actually excited to play this. Turns out that was ill conceived. Driving is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Literally cannot start moving without spinning out three seperate times. Physics are♥♥♥♥♥♥ Had to slam my car into my garage with my van because I was unable to push it with the convienient round wheels. I get this is early access but damn. Why does everything look like runny♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥in English? Can I get a few language options please? Why don't the Finnish in the game ever shut up?  I have to spend twenty minutes fighting to drive on the most narrow roads in Finland to reach a gas station to buy food so I don't die just so I can play the part of the game I give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about. I'm done, talk to me when this is a good game.Edit:Let me clarify this a bit (after having some time to cool down). My Summer Car is stressful. When one thing after another goes wrong you will be annoyed. Building the car was fun. Once I got to the point where I needed to go into town, not so fun. Ten minute drive out there to die from dehydration when I left with an empty bar is infuriating. You are placing in the middle of nowhere and have to figure the game out on your own. It is cool. I enjoy the aspect of figuring things out. But the other aspects of the game are just dull.I don't recommend this because building the car is all there is, and it is not necessarily fun.Cycling through the different sizes in your tool box to figure out which one works for the bolt that looks exactly the same as every other bolt is annoying. Not knowing how to build the car is annoying. Putting the pieces together can be difficult at times when things simply don't sit right. It's weird. It's early access. This is where the game goes wrong for me.I want to figure out the car but I am forced to interact with the dull and boring world around me. The area could at least be interesting, but its not. Thats because this is a realistic game in Finland you say? Bull. Real life is more interesting than this. Welcome to Finland population of five.Looking at the other aspects of the game. There is nothing when it comes to interacting with the other five people that is in English. Yet the pieces are labeled in English. The .jpgs used for the bags of chips are in English. Everything is inconsistant. Everything is just lazy. What is with the audio of a bug right in your ear. Even if you buy and use the mosquito repellant it doesn't make it go away. There is literally no reason to even hear the game.""Warning, this game is not for fainted heart."" that is not true. Faint of heart is blood, gore and truly mind twisting♥♥♥♥♥♥ This is an attempt to justify the state of the game. The game is not for those who want to deal with survival meters. It is not for those who just want to put the car together and enjoy it. The game is not good. That is my warning to those considering buying My Summer Car.Gameplay: The car building aspect is the best part of the game. It is diminished by the player being forced to interact with the outside ""world"". The driving mechanics are nothing interesting or special. Hell even other cars don't give a ♥♥♥♥ about you. There is no AI in the game. They are on rails.Open-World Aspect: The ""open-world"" is limited. Sure you can go pretty much anywhere but there is nothing there. There is the ""town"" a mechanic, a dirt airport, and your house. If I missed something it isn't anything big. There are other houses you go to to drain the septic tanks or deliver firewood for extra money. You can't go anywhere in the world because there is only one store which your entire living state depends upon.Graphics: They make me wish I was dead. Nothing else to say.Audio: You hear so much crap that has no business being in your ear. Constant sound of mosquitos flying in your ears, elk that don't shut up, and people who you wish never spoke. Also the swearing can't be real. If so, come on Finland. Get your head out of your fat stupid♥♥♥♥♥Replay: At this point. I see litte reason or desire to restart. The only reason would be to rebuild the car. But even that is lack luster a second time around. If you die and don't have permadeath on then you respawn back at your house. What ever vehicle you were driving stays where you were. Drove the van across town did ya. Take the septic truck and pray nothing happens to you.P.S. Game deleted my save and now I can't shift. Go ahead, keep arguing for the game. You are just wrong at this point."
,Not Recommended,516750,29350363,Posted: 18 January,all,߷TheSpoi߷,This game gets on my ♥♥♥♥ing nerves.REMOVE THE GIANT DITCHES THAT MEKE YOU RESTART THE GAME!ffs i have had to restart the entire game cause my car got stuck in it and then 2 hours of building a car later it gets stuck againso right now im not recommending thisif they add a update where you dont have to restart the game for getting your car stuck then SURE
,Not Recommended,516750,30065646,Posted: 20 February,all,strattongary14,keep getting game crashes cant make it out of the loading window
76561198170096286,Not Recommended,516750,30676133,Posted: 22 March,all,nwessel429,Dont know why but game kept crashing whenever i went to drive the van.
,Not Recommended,516750,30284899,Posted: 2 March,all,Come Sail Away U Guys,"I loved car mechanic simulator and looked forward to this game. But it's less about actual mechanics and more about staying hydrated with booze. Okay, but not enough mechanics for my liking."
,Not Recommended,516750,28143393,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,FF Drift Lord,I only recomend this game if you absolutly like shity controls XD
76561198269977916,Not Recommended,516750,30012608,Posted: 18 February,all,Yodamatt1,ComplaintWhen I get in the new game I can t movePlease helpSo angry :|
76561198282757626,Not Recommended,516750,29577162,Posted: 29 January,all,darwin0024,it crashes
,Not Recommended,516750,26494754,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,sseeley78,cannot pee
76561198067621682,Not Recommended,516750,29812380,Posted: 9 February,all,0sirro,"Sorry, but I do have a life besides Gaming, a different mode for people who are shorter on time wouldn't have hurt them(Skipping long drives, Easier money etc.), this way, it is unplayable for normal people.Especially because the biggest part of time you're actually using is due to different nasty bugs, it's annoying, sorry."
,Not Recommended,516750,31317259,Posted: 23 April,all,anthony fantano,I don't know what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm doing
76561198382740788,Not Recommended,516750,31190595,Posted: 16 April,all,brownwyatt404,so glithy on my gaming pc
76561198272084247,Not Recommended,516750,28989813,Posted: 3 January,all,gunslinger99,this game pisses me off alot for example i was on the virge of death i rush  into the shop from a long drive buy 3000 dollars of groceries and car parts start driving down the road and boom head on collision that i had no control over have to retart entire game
76561198112304952,Not Recommended,516750,34049299,Posted: 5 August,all,6 Meter kuk,>spend 30 minutes driving>touch curb>instantly dieOkay>Spend 3 hours building the satsuma>first drive>over heats>nothing is causing it>have to restart the gameLittle bit annoying>spend 3 hours building satsuma>first drive>perfect>get the suitcase full of money>Start brewing kilju>pass the inspection for the first time>Get the rollcage installed>start stocking up supplies>wake up one morning>start car>fanbelt squeals>its not the fanbelt causing the problem>get a new fanbelt>squeals>replace alternator>squeals>have to start new gameNow that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off
76561198327995512,Not Recommended,516750,35072021,Posted: 19 September,all,rileyhannahpaigemariehingley,i want a refund please its not working for me
76561198030727123,Not Recommended,516750,27588539,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ace00700,please read!!!!! this game has a glitch that when i go and start a new game and then it goes to the loading screen then during the loading screen it crashes!!!!! please fix this glitch.
,Not Recommended,516750,31356791,Posted: 25 April,all,wademaharg,"im actually♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i bought this, it is a garbage game no where near 15 bucks even bought it as a funny lets see how acurate this is and its more dificult putting a engine together in this game then it is in real life and being how i do it in real life as a job thats sad"
76561197967622612,Not Recommended,516750,31791046,Posted: 16 May,all,Schmuppes,"Let's face it: This game is really, really bad because of the horrible, horrible controls. If that can be fixed and building the car is not as frustrating, I might give it another go. Although it still is a strangely fascinating piece of software, I would not recommend buying it."
76561197991196573,Not Recommended,516750,29310897,Posted: 16 January,all,happyface921,way too complicated for nothing and no tutorial
,Not Recommended,516750,29995424,Posted: 17 February,all,HarrisTheJew,It says there is multiplayer in the tags but there isn't
76561198113929845,Not Recommended,516750,34809858,Posted: 8 September,all,Ozzy Osbourne,A ♥♥♥♥ing joke
76561198340691819,Not Recommended,516750,29972860,Posted: 16 February,all,jasonfreimark1,i cant even open the game it crashes right when i try to i uninstalled it twice and i need help
76561198053955175,Not Recommended,516750,31327792,Posted: 23 April,all,ANONYMOUS,CRAP this game has lots of errors
,Not Recommended,516750,29194807,Posted: 11 January,all,Getting Crunk Off Cuck XD,This game is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont waste you cash
,Not Recommended,516750,30278876,Posted: 2 March,all,✴ MolliBoss,Pelaisin jos sitä♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hyttysen ininää ei olisi
76561198342790728,Not Recommended,516750,29642083,Posted: 1 February,all,justin_wadden,i searched videos and help on how to drive in this game and nothing works i wasted 16 dollars.
76561198021076645,Not Recommended,516750,30044366,Posted: 19 February,all,recurf,"poor ui, poor controls, not fun"
76561198360306113,Not Recommended,516750,29331282,Posted: 17 January,all,johnscottmason50,help
76561198062033457,Not Recommended,516750,33100958,Posted: 1 July,all,DragonMazterLord040706,"The Game is too hard, not the car building.when you build the car i found it pretty enjoyable but when i had to drive to the city that part was the hard part. i needed food and some car stuff it took me 1 hour to drive to the city, i crashed the blue van and i respawed at home so i had to drive the scooter to the van, and then i continued my journey to the town and they i crashed again and had to take the scooter again, and when i finally got to the store, i died to dehydration, so i had to drive the scooter to the van yet again. and i tried to drive to the store yet again and this time i drove very slowly so i didnt crash again and they some other car drove into me and launched me off the road so i ended upside down, and that where i ALT+F4 and refunded the game.ATM i really dislike the game but maybe in the future i will check it out again"
76561198378329697,Not Recommended,516750,31031405,Posted: 8 April,all,bryanpenny08,jujuijiuyuyyygygjhhjujujujuujujuujujuujujujuujjjjuj
,Not Recommended,516750,26436268,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,jackaroo118,the game keeps crashing and it say to send it to the maker but i dont know how to         plzzz help
76561198145734862,Not Recommended,516750,28003029,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DividedCube,Way to difficult and has to much alchahol. Not reccommended for kids.
,Not Recommended,516750,30012331,Posted: 18 February,all,Cosmic,i keep ♥♥♥♥ing dying fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck
76561198078822563,Not Recommended,516750,35092190,Posted: 20 September,all,Dont mess with da monkey,So stupid game has unbeliveable amounts of bugs once i got stuck in a doorand fell out of the map
,Not Recommended,516750,33582509,Posted: 16 July,all,THICC BUTT,"This is one of those games you imagine you'll stumble upon while looking for old unity browser games, It's entertaining for maybe 10 minutes before it just becomes boring and frustrating""oh haha those crazy fins and their cars, this stereotypical finnish culture sure is funny!""It's mostly what the game has to offer, a joke. There barely is any redeeming gameplay and the gameplay you are presented with (building an engine, driving a van for 5 minutes just to reach the city etc.) isn't fun at all, just tedious and boring.It's a funny joke but it's not a $10 joke."
76561198141931464,Not Recommended,516750,30060609,Posted: 20 February,all,toM^,Controls way too over complicated.
76561198104785946,Not Recommended,516750,33323310,Posted: 6 July,all,Splooge,fun for about an hour until your realize even getting into town is a challenge. they add updates to everything but the mechanics of the vehicles. would be fun if i didnt have to waste hours upon hours just getting into town
,Not Recommended,516750,29356506,Posted: 19 January,all,Mastodon,Total trash.
,Not Recommended,516750,26765365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Captain Nsamba,"It would be a decent game, but theres this goddamn noise of a fly buzzing around you CONSTANTLY and it drives you MAD. literally the only reason i got a refund. I know you're probably thinking im just a wuss, but it gets into your head, and makes you do thinks you wouldn't normally do, like get a refund."
,Not Recommended,516750,31510790,Posted: 2 May,all,thepricewepay,"Ignore the dumb hype, this game is garbage right now. If it's finished it would be great but right now it's just awful. The thing is it will never be finished because it's just another Goat Simulater style, streamer-bait, barely developed mess. A great idea sold out for youtuvbe views (and huge sales as well I'd imagine).If you want WACKY, ZAINY content for your twitch channnel then get this,  if you want a driving game that works and is fun, get Euro Truck Sim."
76561198338060168,Not Recommended,516750,30718732,Posted: 24 March,all,King Wolf,Hi i love the game and it looks nice but in my copy when i goin to driving mode it crashes and i can not drive in the game
76561198027466041,Not Recommended,516750,31508025,Posted: 2 May,all,Swampylaban,"I don´t think i´ve ever played such a boring game in my life before. It´s probably fun for some people but not for me. The game runs smoothly (it should with those graphics) and it has a quite a lot of depth on the car part of the game. The controls are absolute wank and the handling is sloppy at best. It looked fun but when i got in to the game it was tedious, lifeless and overall not a positive experience."
76561198346536959,Not Recommended,516750,30151032,Posted: 24 February,all,AverageJoe134,"My summer car has very fun game, but it has very bad driving. Leave it to the youtubers to entertain us with this game."
76561198099665319,Not Recommended,516750,33137292,Posted: 2 July,all,The Nevada Master,it dosent give us a tutorial! i think this is only for engineers!
76561198271828428,Not Recommended,516750,30005751,Posted: 18 February,all,dannyhamilton,Rubbish Lags All The Time Controls Are Just Rubbish Game Is Just Crap I Want A Refund
,Not Recommended,516750,28244510,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Lividdog2,This game seems funny. BUT the things in the game are F@#kED. YOU LOSE ANY OF YOUR PARTS YOUR DONE FOR. AT THAT PONIT YOU SHOULD JUST START A NEW GAME! You cant order lost parts NO NO NO. YOUR F#$%ED! And the traveling IS stupid! THE ROAD IS THE SIZE OF YOU VAN YOU CRASH YOUR DONE FOR/ AND AND THE WALKING IS SO SLOW THAT YOU NEED TO DRIVE !!!!!! THIS GAME NEEDS TO PUT SOMETHING SO YOU CAN ODER YOUR LOST PARTS!!!!!!!!!!!! PLUS YOU CAN DIE FROM BEING DIRTY!! COME ON MAN. I SHOULD HAVE EVER GOT THIS GAME!
76561198089029737,Not Recommended,516750,30195416,Posted: 26 February,all,Fat nilkki,Very good game i love it !
,Not Recommended,516750,33087639,Posted: 1 July,all,B1RDi,"Not fun. Way too many glitches and hitboxes are horrible. Not worth the price even with the summer sale, I refunded it"
76561198119178098,Recommended,516750,30084958,Posted: 21 February,all,Lime,"≈♦♣◘○♠☺☻♥ ↓↓↓↓UUJ◄↕‼☼►{♫♫♫♫♫♫heres some random symbols. (not copyed and pasted) i can show u how i did it...First press ALT then press a numpad number, like : ALT and 5 = ♣I really have nothing to say about this game i only want people to see this.."
,Not Recommended,516750,26622472,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Peteral,"I cannot recommend this game. It is just too buggy and unpolished. I get that's a part of the ""charm"" in the game, but it is more annoying than charming. The game itself is also way too slow and boring to be enjoyable."
76561198250810930,Not Recommended,516750,31456859,Posted: 29 April,all,dessertDucks,no
76561198123360625,Not Recommended,516750,26447114,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,SpookyDoot,15 minutes and two youtube videos later and i still can't drive the F**king van
,Not Recommended,516750,26750998,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,~* BiZZ Keryear *~,"Absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥The physic is crap, (you are able to wreck a car by walking into it)the game lacks any sensible feedback, (so you don't get told why things sometimes works and sometimes not)it switches input schemes (most things are activated with a left click ... except those which are with right click ... for no reason)The nights are way too long and way too dark. (This region at that time of year [summer] has no nights at all, only civil twilight, which allows you even still to read without additional lights. And the sun is up for 19 hours... not in this game though, it has long nights where you can't see anything at all.)No orientation, (given that the game character lives in that place for while already, you ... as a player ... should be given clues where you are... you could find a map you could take with you ... on which you can make out your aprox location, or ... because you [the game character] know your region you live in  would have a mind map of said region ... which would be for the player a minimap)And worst of all it is not even a real game, yet. A bunch of minigames connected with a walking simulator ... of places which miles and miles and miles apart form each other.It could be a fun game .... maybe in two or three years ... if they sort the problems out. But I doubt they will.I asked for a refund ... a bit late beacuse I was an idiot and wanted to give the game a chance. (a few patches)Better be smart and don't buy this piece of junk."
76561198360918810,Not Recommended,516750,32279290,Posted: 8 June,all,blainemeyer21,i just got my car done and it took all my save away
,Not Recommended,516750,26703577,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,7th Ward Lord,"every time i put the jack under the car and raise it, it starts to slowly slide left or right until it falls off. The ""pushing"" option aka J, is a ♥♥♥♥ing joke, it either doesnt push it or flips the car over and sends it 5 feet away. And i can't even install the halfshaft into the damn car. Once those issues get fixed i might install again."
76561197970893776,Not Recommended,516750,30931229,Posted: 3 April,all,Herr Waffeln,"I wish I could recommend this game, but it simply is not ready yet. Perhaps when fully done it will be better, but the graphics are rather bad for such a new game, and the controls are somewhat confusing. I do have a hobby of working on/restoring old cars, so I thought it'd be right up my alley, but it is incredibly time consuming, and when I am playing computer games, I am rather impatient. Just getting the initial car together is not accomplishable (by me, at least) in under three hours. The biggest problem is that it just tries to mimic real life too much. For example, when one does finally manage to get the wheels and suspension assembled, the next step is to push the car inside a garage. The problem is that the physics are not workable. It is very difficult to push the car straight, and should you mess up, you'll have to restart. That's right - there's no save function."
,Not Recommended,516750,31040309,Posted: 9 April,all,LycanVeil,"At this stage, the game is unplayable."
76561198393180989,Not Recommended,516750,33296408,Posted: 5 July,all,gamerboyking858,keeps freezing
76561198020401707,Not Recommended,516750,29550215,Posted: 28 January,all,DragonFly67,"Most stupid game I have ever bought. This is no where near ready for any kind of release. This isnt even a demo. The dev states that this game is based on realism, yet you can build a whole car with mearly a small spanner set and a screwdriver, yeh right. There are no solid plans for this game in the future except for what it is.  It is buggy as hell and trying to grab things and hold them properly is just a real pain in the rear end. The game physics is nothing short of  non existent. This needs a lot of work to be anything decent and that could take yrs.  If it had more to offer I would give it a thumbs up, but since it is purely putting together 1 car with no realism whatsoever and thats pretty much it, I cant give it anything positive. Even the textures and modelling look bland. If its gonna be anything decent, you will surely have to wait more than 5yrs and I highly doubt this will go further than that in development. If you wanna play it for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles then it may be fine, but as far as a genuine car building game, it falls way short of the mark."
,Not Recommended,516750,33339600,Posted: 7 July,all,✓♕Ҝ¥Ł€Ž♕✓,most things dont work on the game -rep
76561198288292790,Not Recommended,516750,31850639,Posted: 19 May,all,patriotfan1,♥♥♥♥ this
76561198244285262,Not Recommended,516750,31511470,Posted: 2 May,all,chrismechanic2000,"looks like a great game, the idea is good, but the game play is aweful and annoying, i think i might refund this as i cant see me playing it any more."
76561198105392594,Not Recommended,516750,28645127,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Justin s,need a real map worst game i ever played
,Not Recommended,516750,26227108,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Burger,"Honestly this game is situational enjoyment. I enjoyed this game for about 4 hours but then I just stopped liking it because it's novelty just wore off. It's early access but I strongly believe that ""It's early access"" shouldn't be an excuse to cover the game's flaws. My Summer Car is one of those games that you really really want to enjoy, but you just can't given all the shortcomings.Before buying this game, keep all of this in mind.- You're going to have to look up information online for quite literally everything except the controls. This information is usually not well put together since it's a brand new game.- It's an early access unity physics game. The physics are pretty terrible. There are plenty of times where I had to reload a save because a part phased through the world, the car's frame bent severely because I stood on it, or there was a buggy mesh.- It will take 4 hours or more to actually build a car, that is if you're lucky and you don't experience any game-breaking bugs. The fun in the trailer begins when you build that car but ends very shortly."
76561198028207658,Not Recommended,516750,26412361,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,bmarci7,"Unfortunatelly, this game is not what I was hoping for :(I've stopped playing due to too much frustration.The main ""puzzle"" (constructing the car) is very nice and entertaining, and obviously lots of efforts were put in this part. I enjoyed this very much until I bumped into problems, like certain parts don't ""highlight"". I had to find the right angle and distance to put them in place. This also applies to bolts, when sometimes you have to try all spanners and none of them work and you just realize that you were standing too close or too far from the block...that's not fun.So I was almost ready with the half of the engine when I realized that I'm hungry and no food at home. I was off to the shop, and I got lost. While I desperately tried to find my way in the night, suddenly a police car rammed into me from behind and I went off the road and just died...The next day I decided to give one more chance to this game. So my first task was shopping. This time I chose dirt roads and luckily found the shop at once. I bought everything, almost spent all my money.With a happy smile on my face I drove back home. While on the highway all of a sudden I died without any reason...I was driving at around 80km/h and no other cars around...Overall, the puzzle part is fun and very well made despite of some ""not user friendly"" behaviour. The driving is not that much. I had problems with the van at high speed (over 100km/h), it starts whobbling.According to the changelogs this game is being made for more than two years, I feel this one needs lot more work to have a solid and entertaining player experience... :(I'd recommend this game but not yet."
76561198104503457,Not Recommended,516750,29830032,Posted: 10 February,all,BIONDO931,♥♥♥♥ this game do not buy it just keeps crashig over and over again
76561197988662247,Not Recommended,516750,26529646,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Clodius Rumpelstiltskin,the game is very badu want to play this game u have to b an xpert on simulatorsreally not for  new playersexemple...  build the engine was extremely not easy to do ...collisionand auto mounting dont work togetherthe game as good potential but it needs lots of work so if u want to buy it ....wait
76561198210540692,Not Recommended,516750,34596532,Posted: 29 August,all,|eX| chevy cayden,died and all my work dissaperd hate it
76561198023687979,Not Recommended,516750,34139635,Posted: 9 August,all,Question Mark,"Worth about 5$, if you like building cars. Maybe."
,Not Recommended,516750,35106325,Posted: 21 September,all,F1nalBal1,garbage controlls
76561198019317556,Not Recommended,516750,26522111,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Maggi,"Spendig like 10 hours to build your car's undercarriage (you know, you build your♥♥♥♥♥♥ then Alt+Tab to the YT Tutorial video), meanwhile trying to keep your finnish character alive by eating enough ♥♥♥♥♥♥ food bought from the store miles away, drinking enough beers, urinating regulary, and also trying not to die from the lack of the usage of the Sauna.Also while in mortal mode and started to build the engine parts together, tighten every ♥♥♥♥ing bolt, you realise that you should have bought that fan belt from the store (Lets say already you are in 20 hours deep in the same game). You jump in your shiny blue Toyota Hiace (along with a case of beer and some sausages) and go on your 'quest' for belt. Somehow you survived the route to the shop and time to return. On the way back home on the gravel road you engage a crest bit too happily (80km/h+) because of your joy of owning a new belt. The next picture you roll over into a tree and scream yourself to death by covered in blood. Game over, there goes your 20+ hours of gameplay, and you _almost_ completed your car. (Just kidding you will do this in 3 times a row).Conclusion:If you have a loving family, a job, maybe you also study while having those, and you plan to live a LIFE I would NOT recommend, because you can be addicted. One more bolt...One more try...Next time I won't start the day with vodka....etc etc.If you give a ♥♥♥♥ all about the upper♥♥♥♥♥♥I mentioned (family, having  gf, job, studying, improve yourself to be a better human being by constantly learning, struggleing and living in the real life) than this is definitely a great time killer."
76561198077727614,Not Recommended,516750,26252064,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,That Wierd Canadian,Game is fun until you died and spawn in a village you dont know where you're hous is and just die over and over trying to find it and no console acces so you cant teleport or stop de food and thirst meter if you just wanna build car like me. Please bring the console back it would be much better
76561198253590664,Not Recommended,516750,30068520,Posted: 20 February,all,robert1994kov,not a very good game. you waist a bunch of time and nothing works properly
76561198156713436,Not Recommended,516750,34699658,Posted: 2 September,all,sashahellsing,gona make this fast. the game is garbage  takes 10 clicks to do anything and  no tutorial in the begining.  i have so much more to say but i will keep it at that. Do not buy im gona ask for a refund
,Not Recommended,516750,26759047,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Gunslinger,Literally doesn't work.
76561198052358632,Not Recommended,516750,29241966,Posted: 14 January,all,Astraeus,Like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of jalopy.
,Not Recommended,516750,26249189,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,TheSTUBBYPenguin,"Game crashed after creating my character and sitting at the loading screen. Kaspersky flagged it as a virus and I had to make an exception to try and make it run. Even after this, the game crashed in the same place and could not even be force-closed until I restarted my PC.Looked like a fun game with some good humour, turned out to be a buggy waste of time. Not even ready for early access."
76561198073752160,Not Recommended,516750,33391578,Posted: 8 July,all,Bonifacius,"Way too complicated for a car game, much too realistic. The car mechanics and everything are extremely realistic and hard to pull off with a keyboard. Controls are confusing, too. You'd have to have an advenced knowledge of how to construct a car and how to operate it, and not everyone has that. Not a BAD game, but I'd wait until it's out of early access."
,Not Recommended,516750,26248857,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Rabbit,"Keyboard support is flaky at best. Key-presses often don't register, and I can't recommend this game until it's further along in development."
76561198318775688,Not Recommended,516750,33138130,Posted: 2 July,all,chevykiller,this game is crap and it is not worth the 12 ♥♥♥♥ing bucks
76561198343102457,Not Recommended,516750,26539722,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,dimi199491,i can't play my summer car workinig not can somone help my
76561197972646330,Not Recommended,516750,30254230,Posted: 28 February,all,N[o]Z,honestly a waste of 15 bux
,Not Recommended,516750,32427899,Posted: 15 June,all,Neurosys420,Super Mega♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198039021055,Not Recommended,516750,32611253,Posted: 20 June,all,PunchMuffin,no
76561198123770493,Not Recommended,516750,30042441,Posted: 19 February,all,RMcL204(explosive yapyap expert),THE VAN IS EASY TO TIP OVER AND THE VECHILE PARTS ARE THERE EXCEPT ONE CRUCIAL PART. I WILL SOON GIVE UP ON THIS GAME BECAUSE THERE IS LESS MOTOR WAYS AND DRIVING ON THE DIRT ROADS IS IMPOSSIBLE FOR NOW NOT TOCHING THE GAMES UNTIL REALLY GOOD UPDATESTHIS IS ROBBERY DO NOT BUY THIS VERSION OR OTHERS
76561198373478566,Not Recommended,516750,33685021,Posted: 20 July,all,dylancary0504,sucks because i was driving from the store one day than my battery died i looked into the engine bay the fan belt was off i bought a new one and the car acted like it had no tune because it would squeal and i bought a new radiator and it did nothing to cool down my car i would not reccomend this game it sucks does anyone know how to fix it cause that was my 20th time restarting to build my car
,Not Recommended,516750,32165344,Posted: 3 June,all,kupa<3<3,i dont like this game
76561198001739340,Not Recommended,516750,28738985,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rekluse,"The worst game I have ever played. If it was free, I still wouldn't want it. Buy automation or Car mechanic sim."
76561198351103279,Not Recommended,516750,30880845,Posted: 1 April,all,lukebrown42,its rubish my screen is just a black screen no corlor a tall so rubish
76561198181735885,Not Recommended,516750,30867469,Posted: 31 March,all,Sharks,Not the best and I don't recommend it
76561198312681540,Not Recommended,516750,32766780,Posted: 25 June,all,Nekomander HAPPY,buglarla dolu hayatımda gördüğüm en boktan oyun naparsanız yapın ölüyorsunuz almayın
76561198299637407,Not Recommended,516750,34405264,Posted: 21 August,all,Izaiah110,is there a way to save?
,Not Recommended,516750,26246401,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,萌新,"Sadly I can not get into this game. It always crashes after I named the license and clicked the “begin”.I feel I would like it someday if it gets more stable. But now since I cannot even get into the game, I won't recommend it.I will keep an eye on this game, waiting for its patches, for it becoming a really great game."
,Not Recommended,516750,30845559,Posted: 30 March,all,EvilFiend,Oh my god I bought someone's school project.
76561198011001784,Not Recommended,516750,33999347,Posted: 3 August,all,Dorg Borgus,"This game is impossible without guides, and guides ruin games for me. The car part, I understand. I don't know anything about cars. but that's not the issue. The mechanics are horrible and everything is confusing. I tried for twenty minutes to try to figure out how to take a shower. There's a sauna there that it turns out is involved but it actually needs fifteen in game minutes to get working. Turning knobs and waiting fifteen minutes to sit in a sauna in order to get clean when there's a shower in the next room you can't interract with isn't a logical thing that anyone would really think up of doing."
,Not Recommended,516750,26250825,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,p_nut_uk,"Game actually makes me nauseous, painfully slow walking, annoying fly sound that ♥♥♥♥ed me off after 2 mins, frustrating controls trying to just pick up a bloody pack of sausages"
76561198347737379,Not Recommended,516750,29036627,Posted: 5 January,all,bossbat237,i cant drive
76561198050003442,Not Recommended,516750,32845499,Posted: 27 June,all,The Hero of TIME,Not as fun or  good as it may look.
76561198063957055,Not Recommended,516750,26252958,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Skaukanen,Good game besides the fly ear♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥you ever 2 seconds
,Not Recommended,516750,26234294,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,itawtitawapudytat,"First off, the thumbs down is because of interface and controls almost soley, the actual concept feels like it could be pretty awesome.The game is about assembling a car from base components while managing food, drink, etc.  With no instructions of any kind.  Have Fun!  Seriously tho, it sounds like it could be a lot of fun for those of us who like that kind of thing.I don't know exactly what I was expecting, but I'm pretty sure it's not what this game is...  Not necessarily a bad thing.  Firstly, the 'survival' elemets feel like they take away from the game in a few ways.  I like the concept of needing to go into town for supplies to live, but a meter that fills up (all too fast) feels a bit off.  Then again, I've yet to encounter a survival game with food and drink that actually feels 'right' to me.The graphics and interface....  Need work.  Very typical unity issues (clipping through walls, walking is a chore, getting stuck on a slight incline because the default walking in unity is garbage, etc).Interaction points are sometimes near impossible to find(ignition on van has literally no visual cue to suggest it's on the left side of the steering wheel).  Range to 'interact' with things is a bit difficult to get over, even if it is mostly realistic, because of the previously mentioned movement issues.Currently, I wouldn't reccomend this game as it is FAR to 'early' in 'early access' to really be much of a game.  You'd be a beta(alpha) tester more than anything else.  However, it definately shows promise for the future."
76561198139737638,Not Recommended,516750,26634755,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,snuskis,this game sucks cookie!
,Not Recommended,516750,28153560,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Chaddt`,"For $15 you really don't get much. This game is 579 megabytes as of right now. While I can appreciate the difficulty of putting together an engine from a pile of parts, I do not, however, appreciate all the time I spent trying to figure out the simple activities of going to the stores and back using a map that is not in a language I can understand.Steps can be made to build at least the faintest of tutorials or instructions.Multiplayer could be built into the game in some way or another.As a mechanic I thought this game would be good for the people that have that DIY attitude with cars but I have come to realize what this game includes and others leave out. The uninteresting, repetitive chores you have to do in-between working on the car.There's so much to be expecting from this game when realistically it gives you not much.For $15 I tortured myself for several hours, got frustrated after having to google the simplest of guides on things that should have been pointed out in-game, and have pretty much lost interest in this game."
76561198257543686,Not Recommended,516750,26372113,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Nooch,"Just need to write this review to vent my frustration.I enjoy playing first person puzzle games such as antichamber, so I'm no stranger to very difficult games. But there's a difference  between difficult and absurd. Building and installing the engine was a challenge, but installing the exhaust was simply a joke, and installing the half shafts was completetly ridiculous. Once the spindle is in place, allow the half shaft to at least be installed, even if it falls out later. it's inconsistent and not enjoyable when parts of a game are moderetly difficult, and then out of the blue one small part is completely off the scale.It's also quite anoying and not very fun going through all the spanners just to find the right one. It ruins the flow of the game. Maybe different sized bolts can light up when you hover over them and be colour coded.Pointlessly difficult and illogcal car buliding (rear springs, exhaust, half shafts), combined with odd physics glitches make this game extrememly hard for all the wrong reasons. No doubt it can be a fantastic game, I really want it to be great, but some changes need to be made."
76561198003062435,Not Recommended,516750,26522123,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Curaew,suck
76561198405845646,Not Recommended,516750,34685405,Posted: 2 September,all,John Wick,12 Min of playtime and is pure♥♥♥♥♥
76561198261154335,Not Recommended,516750,29253310,Posted: 14 January,all,Sliced Cheese,doesnt work properly
76561198069211535,Not Recommended,516750,26489307,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,﴾Kn☻x﴿,Meh
,Not Recommended,516750,26426371,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Crozix,"It has potential, but unfortunately it has major issues that makes it more annoying than fun.Pros:- Car building was fun.- There are a few games set in Finland.Cons:- Physics can be a bit glitchy.- I can't find out how the Sauna works.Suggestions:- Sandbox mode (survival mode disabled)- Exploded diagrams (to help the player when they get completely stuck)When i begin to enjoy the game, there is something that makes me quit the game.I can't recomend the game at the moment, but i think this cam be a good game in the future. I will contrinue following the game and see if it improves."
,Not Recommended,516750,26270901,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Jonthefuzz,Every time i tried to work on the car car the game bugs out a through the frame 5 feet destroying it
,Not Recommended,516750,30845335,Posted: 30 March,all,Le Monke,"It's really funny when companies purposely produce ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games liek this as a kind of joke. It's not so funny when the game isn't ♥♥♥♥♥♥ for the reasons they want. Upon loading up the game, I thought I would have a happy Finnish car-making game. All I got was a grey screen with a hud on it. I am enraged."
76561198063322427,Not Recommended,516750,31495445,Posted: 1 May,all,Fastback,"I had to refund this game after 30 minutes of playing it. There's a constant fly noise that makes the game annoying and unplayable. I'm sorry, but you shouldn't have to jump over hoops to remove a stupid, annoying sound.The game would be fun, and it certainly has a ton of potential, but people have been complaining about the buzzing noise for ages and they want to keep it in for realism. Right, what about a fly swatter?All in all, I wouldn't support this developer as he's not listening to community feedback."
76561198117944746,Not Recommended,516750,26320779,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,fishbonz91,"I hate to be one of the few bad reviews on this game, but damn.  The physics engine has some crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥that happens when you try to carry car parts. I went to install the driver seat into my car and somehow my car did a backflip and smashed the windshield.  Good luck finding the controls because if you don't remember them from the key assignments in the beginning then idk where to find them.  Way too much trial and error.  I understand it's still in Alpha, but I've played plenty of alphas that were much better than this.  If they polish it up a little more in the future I may play again because its a great concept but it is entirely too frustrating with a game that relies so heavily on physics with problems like this. Oh and don't press escape looking for the save menu. Lost an hour of work because esc closes the game without warning lol"
76561198335402019,Not Recommended,516750,28521666,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,lukeskywalker1104,i buy it and in two days its not working I WENT MY MONY BACK
,Not Recommended,516750,26237101,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Bucky McDonuts,"Neat idea, however the game requires you to turn off anti-virus to run.  Otherwise the game crashes and is unplayable.  Returned it for a refund.  If I ever see a fix, maybe I'll change my mind on the game."
76561197969035241,Not Recommended,516750,26323112,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,[NW] Ghost_Rocker,"Soooo..Took me 2h just to get from the store and back without dying..I told myself i wanted to fix the car and drive it, then i realised it would only kill me again and turn out to be a waste of time.."
,Not Recommended,516750,26228299,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,boberro,"I'm sure there are people who love this game, I wanted to love it too. Still, it doesn't feel like a videogame, more like a chore. If there's a gem hidden somewhere in it, it's hidden too well."
76561198334384662,Not Recommended,516750,28496696,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,maxandchristian12,This game lags too much i wont a refund.
76561198115031553,Not Recommended,516750,31238962,Posted: 19 April,all,minior97,worst ♥♥♥♥ing game ever.......
,Not Recommended,516750,26596379,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,mattjpwns,"Controls barely work, what gameplay is there is tedious at best, trailer makes it look a whole lot more fun than it actually is. This is a $5 novelty at best, not a $15 purchase. Pick up on sale if you're bored."
,Not Recommended,516750,28413347,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bender05,I can not play this game can you help me
,Not Recommended,516750,30317956,Posted: 4 March,all,Vulcan,DO NOT BUY. this game is fun at the start but game machanics are so broken you cant enjoy it. i wish i didnt buy this junk
,Not Recommended,516750,26242055,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,CrashingTiger,"This game + Jalopy is pretty close to perfect for me. The car building, so far, is amazing. I love the detail, that mechanic simulator game should take notes. Almost a complete engine to build and car to assemble. Unfortunately, this game is still VERY early in it's Early Access phase. A little too early for me. Driving is wonky and just doesn't feel right. Graphics are rudimentary, but not in a cool retro-kind of way. Huge potential to be awesome. Refund for now, but it's near the top of my wishlist."
,Not Recommended,516750,26327811,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,G.,At it's current development I can not recommend this game based on it's1) Lifeless gameplay2) It's hard enough to build a car3) You just want to hit the bottle4) You'll want to punch everything and then p*** on it10/10Killed enough brain cells playing this.
76561198384447387,Not Recommended,516750,33865076,Posted: 28 July,all,Aaron_gaming458,not as good as thought played it and was bulding engine and kills me half way through needs to give use more stuuf like more food and stuff like that
,Not Recommended,516750,26326764,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Atreyal,Its a bit buggy and omg after 5 minutes i was ready to kill my headphones because of that damn fly noise.
76561198076680348,Not Recommended,516750,26499342,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sensible_Sandwich,"Its a waste of time, if you want to have fun with a car building/maintaing game i recomend JalopyI believe the game is boring but im also a♥♥♥♥♥♥head so..."
76561198118880023,Not Recommended,516750,28497461,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Balls of Steel,"I decided to buy this game after my friends repeatedly telling me to. I was excited for it after watching a few videos on it. But I will say a big ""NO"" to this game because I don't even come close to the start of the game. It crashes every time no matter what I do. I decided to reinstall it multiple times. I restarted the computer every time. But nothing works. It is a pile of garbage if you can't play it. I have wasted $14.99 on it. It is not even worth it, even if it was free.I don't really like to write reviews, but felt an urge to do so for this game.I would say ""STAY AWAY""from this game."
,Not Recommended,516750,33563328,Posted: 15 July,all,roadrunts,"it is♥♥♥♥♥♥ i hate it and it's way too hard to control.  it's terrible. the van is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥  if i could get my money back for this game, i'd do it in a heartbeat."
76561198333313417,Not Recommended,516750,29066486,Posted: 6 January,all,Joe Vlogs,u cant  evan move in it
76561198132476688,Not Recommended,516750,26232846,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Alf,"I like the concept, especially the permadeath and life simulator elements mixed in with the game. The execution isn't good though.This game is far from being complete. I haven't even played for 30 minutes and I've encountered several bugs. The interface is extremely clunky. Yes it is early access but the devs state this will be released in less than a year. Either it won't, or it will still be a bit of a clunky mess at release.This is something you get for the novelty, which I believe will wear off quickly."
76561198036642790,Not Recommended,516750,34341749,Posted: 18 August,all,ultra_porcupine,putting the car together is nothing short than a nightmare. bolts take forever to tighten. parts will not attached to engine unless you dance around for 10min to find the smallest sweet spot. have seen very little development in past year
76561198045447522,Not Recommended,516750,26277035,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,petey323f,Has potential but is very frustrating if you die you have only really one choice which is to start again as the game saves when you die and you respawn at home now but without your vehicle so really its pointless I have given this games fair chance but it has a long way to go befoe its worth its price if i could i would get a refund. I've played other games in their early days such as empyrion galactic so didnt have my sights set to high. !!!AVOID!!!
,Not Recommended,516750,26239405,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Anthony,Too vague no direction at all. like handing someone a bord game with no directions. could be good wanted it to be good isint curently.
,Not Recommended,516750,26226660,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Green Bastard,game crashes for me after a few mintues
,Not Recommended,516750,26277748,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Mechbunny.com,"No tutorial, incredibly hard to figure out. I spend just over an hour trying to get my car together and managed to get only the suspension on. I made one mistake and couldn't remove a part from car to get it back. After I finally figured out how to start van i flipped it on it's side in the middle of the forest and had to walk (incredibly slowly) back to my house.  Overall not very enjoyable due to the difficulty level and overall slowness of the game."
76561198221753824,Not Recommended,516750,33590577,Posted: 16 July,all,7777777,should be 15 pesos
76561198053268484,Not Recommended,516750,26242636,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,euthanized snail wheelie,buggy af
,Not Recommended,516750,26355256,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,TUFOM,I'm from Finland and did not like this game. Every game mechanic seems to be designed annoy you to the point you just wan't to smash swear button. Good for youtube lol's but nothing else.
76561198352096160,Not Recommended,516750,30249163,Posted: 28 February,all,ToAsTiTy,There is no tutorial.
,Not Recommended,516750,26407199,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,saxophonekid10,"I am disappointed with this game, you start with 1 pack of food and good luck getting any more food because you far from stores, and a 5 mile per hour crash will kill you, I would not reccomend getting this game at the moment, it needs time and work"
76561198202173877,Not Recommended,516750,26716609,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,mouse chaser,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I can't even move with any of the vehicles.
,Not Recommended,516750,28180011,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,LJ #vacouttanowhere,.
76561198387628190,Not Recommended,516750,31681791,Posted: 11 May,all,acerocks1229,this game doesnt work it is a waste of 15$ when i click on the launch it comes up as preparing to lanch my summer car total ripoff
76561198170193967,Not Recommended,516750,26477934,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,jhubbard7491,tried playing always keeps crashing not worth the price at all
,Not Recommended,516750,26608909,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,God,no
76561198017832588,Not Recommended,516750,26253375,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,MJ Gates,Definitely not there yet. User interface is lacking. Very convoluted controls. Waste of money at this point. I like the idea of the game but the implementation is not where it should be.
,Not Recommended,516750,26399681,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Jopezo,+finland- bugs and crappy physics
76561198192934403,Not Recommended,516750,32351820,Posted: 11 June,all,reecedring2015,I can think of 100 ways to hate this game one of them is you start the van up to go the shop  you put into first then BAAM! you hit a tree dead dont get me started on that yellow car tw#t plzz add guns plz
76561197992421834,Not Recommended,516750,26375889,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,sharky.dog,"Good idea, poor execution. The game is frustrating, but for the wrong reasons. It is ridiculously buggy - you can die due to a glitch, the save game can get corrupt, my van glitched, killed me and dissapeared, etc... The game is at a point at which the cheats shouldn't have been disabled, because you can go around some game breaking bugs with them. The content is also kinda lacking, and i don't really see much of a future for this game. Overall i gave it way too many chances and dissapointed me so many times. I regret not getting a refund right away, but you just don't see so many of the bugs at the beggining."
,Not Recommended,516750,32135673,Posted: 2 June,all,Murdera Uchiha,"Not as fun as the trailer makes it out to be, very boring,"
,Not Recommended,516750,26507456,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,CresserHUN#roadtomg❤,Nice game... Sorry not.... My car bugged. -8000 marka. Thanks! Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just download. -.-
,Not Recommended,516750,26651961,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,RangerZ,"The game is too confusing, no tutorial and so lost..."
76561198048257077,Not Recommended,516750,34202582,Posted: 12 August,all,ThorButt   1984,WASTE OF MONEY. CONTROLS NEED MORE AND A HOW TO LEVEL ON BASIC CONTROLS.
76561197985087318,Not Recommended,516750,26393498,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Mad_Medeiros,"Not good at all, I get it! its an early access game... I guess these types of games are not for me.my g25 wheel will not caliberate or work with this game... At all, the throttle doesn't seem to work nore does the steering at all...I crash constantly before making it into any city for food because I can't drive with a keyboardI can't get my controller to work as well.make it work with my steering wheel and my xbox controller and it may be worth it, but for now.. this game is straight up terrible and I'm annoyed I spent 20 bucks on it."
76561198351206922,Not Recommended,516750,32175879,Posted: 4 June,all,barnesdee51,I don't like this game anymore.
76561198093310663,Not Recommended,516750,32243772,Posted: 7 June,all,Croaton465,The game seems cool but at this point in it's early acess it does not even have a tutorial so it just pputs you in and you have no idea what to do so right now i would not recemend this game but later on when the game is more developed then maybe.
76561198399463548,Not Recommended,516750,33685163,Posted: 20 July,all,DMGL321,Can't Control the car!!!!
76561198313625257,Not Recommended,516750,31143308,Posted: 14 April,all,EMRamirez,BAD!!!!! i cant even make acar! the controls are crazy!
76561198068689014,Not Recommended,516750,32209580,Posted: 5 June,all,walkerb1500,Way too hard and impossible to play
,Not Recommended,516750,28125870,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ramshaw,peice of crap crap crap you cant even ♥♥♥♥ing open a tool box
76561198038685365,Not Recommended,516750,32224396,Posted: 6 June,all,calicovi,the handling is just crap i can never make it to town the dam road is to small and i crash and die
76561198237150350,Not Recommended,516750,32143913,Posted: 2 June,all,Gstylez0107,"Absolutely infuriating!Spend hours trying to figure out basic controls such as; picking things up, screwing gas caps, opening toolboxes. Check!Forced to bathe every 20 minutes or else you'll constantly hear the annoying sound of flys. Check!Endure hours of frustration trying to point at items that have horribly small click detection. Check!Forced to eat and drink at an annoyingly frequent rate. Check!Die because you couldnt figure out how to bind a key and lose hours of progress. Check!I hope this game gets cancer..."
76561198323173480,Not Recommended,516750,32118445,Posted: 1 June,all,Ross01,the worst game in the entire world. the command is so bad and  in my game the van doesen't go. so i can't play and i try for 4 hour i want a refund
,Not Recommended,516750,33059939,Posted: 30 June,all,✠ GitH ✠,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.. have to drive half an hour to go to the store.. i just cant refund because the time i take to know that is more than 2 hours... ♥♥♥♥ it
,Not Recommended,516750,32271454,Posted: 8 June,all,cam_132,"This game is so poorly made, controls are impossible to use, sounds like chewey takin a dump some times,♥♥♥♥♥♥poor graphics, bad game play and ALMOST impossible to play!"
76561198128870358,Not Recommended,516750,29491189,Posted: 25 January,all,Firebaugh1,worst game i have ever played
76561198353600416,Not Recommended,516750,29258277,Posted: 14 January,all,Scratnesss105,I HATE THIS GAME!!!! I CANT EVEN BUILD A CAR IT SUCKS
76561198275589134,Not Recommended,516750,30870019,Posted: 1 April,all,Michael H. 3M-27,BAD
,Not Recommended,516750,29113209,Posted: 8 January,all,Kysvai,Nah xD
,Not Recommended,516750,30069782,Posted: 20 February,all,Poseydabomb,it was so bad i wanted to returm it and i realized i wasted money on a stupid game that sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,516750,34236313,Posted: 14 August,all,NotYourTypicalBlobFish,No.
76561198353479243,Not Recommended,516750,34722380,Posted: 3 September,all,EF♔,it is crap
76561198083565518,Not Recommended,516750,26575144,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,army_guy_2020,dont understand the game there is no help what so ever the translations r so bad i cant play the game
76561198084939888,Not Recommended,516750,30626372,Posted: 19 March,all,ucragingbull,this game is possibly the worst game in my library.you cant even drive the starting van.
,Not Recommended,516750,32228213,Posted: 6 June,all,Chinesemen,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME THIS ♥♥♥♥ING FLY AT THE BEGGINING IS KILLING MY EARS.
,Not Recommended,516750,31472383,Posted: 30 April,all,Unwoundleopard,terrible game i wasted my money and my time!!
,Not Recommended,516750,31157069,Posted: 15 April,all,Stimpy,"This game is nowhere near completion. In fact, it's nowhere near playable. Everything, simply everything, is extremely buggy. The extent of the game is effectively walking around your house and opening and closing doors.I found it extremely frustrating to hopelessly attempt to interact with objects. To double check, I took a photo of the convoluted and confusing control mapping and tried every key to interact with anything I could find, for instance, the vehicle parked in the driveway. It's a mystery to me how others have made more progress than I did, but no doubt I lacked determination to do so. There's no instructions or any kind of clue as to what to do or how to accomplish that. In this very basic sesnse, there's not much of a game to speak of.Lacking any sort of game element, you're likely to enjoy watching the few YouTube videos of others having fun than trying to hopelessly figure out this mess of software. I thoroughly discourage you from doing so.This is the only time I've ever refunded a game on Steam. My frustration and annoyance was not worth the roughly 30 or 40 minutes that I spent trying to figure it out."
76561198372138460,Not Recommended,516750,34034291,Posted: 5 August,all,fabiocostache,Not Good!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198269006358,Not Recommended,516750,28281342,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Mr.Pineapple,"THE GAME DOESN'T EVEN LOAD! IT JUST SAYS,""My Summer Car isn't responding."" and the i close the game and open it up again and it says files are missing. This game is CRAP, don't waste $15 on it! PLEASE DON""T INSTALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *:^("
,Not Recommended,516750,35015235,Posted: 16 September,all,slevelneves,"Sometimes there are undiscovered games that are just waiting to be found and their glory be released on the world. A game where after you play it, you just look out the window and think about how great it is to be alive and able to play this game before you pass on to the great unknown. This is not that game. This game is the opposite of that. 1/10"
,Not Recommended,516750,26359025,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Mini Grim,"Slow walking, Annoying fly sound. Poor game controls. No ingame help with controls. Made using unity free. And no idea what im meant to be doing. Worst game this year for me."
76561198207810461,Not Recommended,516750,34768282,Posted: 5 September,all,TheCornProtector,gay
76561198163038157,Not Recommended,516750,26334788,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mr Bucke #GOJUL,"This is a very cheap game so its expected to not work very well, wich it doesnt at all. I cant start a car or even pick up a ♥♥♥♥ing wrench and my PC is very fast but maybe this will be changed in the future, you can noclip through a lot of stuff and   you walk slower than a snail slithers backwards so you get tired very quickly and the controls dont really make any sense."
76561198374413423,Not Recommended,516750,34418432,Posted: 22 August,all,ak.alflasy,It is bad game
76561198180193383,Not Recommended,516750,30483189,Posted: 12 March,all,corndogy2,i just payed 15 dollars for this and the game crashes on start up its def not my pc i have an alienware 880
,Not Recommended,516750,26272314,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,T0rstii,kasa♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198030809523,Not Recommended,516750,30954222,Posted: 4 April,all,hiddenm00,Stupidest game I ever purchased. Don't waste your money.
76561198139252287,Not Recommended,516750,28463722,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,maximusmonster,Ok I loved seeing people play this so I got it myself but it came with a virus but idk if it was just my PC or just my game but I couldn't play the game so I have to dislike
76561198263633059,Not Recommended,516750,26668245,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,caspergroenewegen68,he do not work
,Not Recommended,516750,30742503,Posted: 25 March,all,My Nigga,"This game is absolute trash. You finnish (xdlmao420) your car, only to drive into town in the van to pickup gas, and on the way home, flip the van 20 metres away from your house, then die of dehydration walking the rest of the way. Don't buy this ♥♥♥♥ing game, it's♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,516750,29463329,Posted: 24 January,all,ye,"I'm salty I have to refund another game just because its unplayable, not fun, and terrible.Here are the pro's and con'sPros:NoneCons:1. Can hardly grab objects, the mouse is always so glitchy so if your mouse is OVER an object only 1% of the time it'll let you grab it. Once you figure out crouching, its still terrible. When crouching is figured out, your mouse is OVER the object, you click it. It DOESN'T pick it up, you have to keep moving your mouse until it shows a grabbing symbol.2. Annoying sound: There is a mosquito sound that keeps going on and on, and I can't disable it. He forgot to leave in ""Disabling sounds"". That is literally the worst unity developer i've seen ever.3. Glitches: There are way too many glitches in this game, one where you can get launched up super high, another where your object disappears, and another where as I've discussed before, can't grab anything.4. Can't place onto car: When you finally pickup an object after 5 minutes, you try to put it in. Of course this requires crouching skills of the highest degree, and he DIDN'T make it ctrl. You have to literallly mash keys on your keyboard in order to find that, and once you can place its apparently unusable.5. Terribly made: When you mash random keys you may accidentally punch the air. This takes a lot of thirst apparently when punching the air.6. Super slow: When you walk, you go about 1 foot per hour. This would be fine if there was a sprinting feature... There isn't a sprinting feature... You have to walk super slow the whole game.7. Terrible Graphics: When I selected the best graphics I expected something epic(for unity), such as rust. Rust is a great example of good unity graphiccs. However, this game... Its terrible. You get stretched textures as landscape, and while you can configure graphics in the unity launcher there is still a ""graphics settings"" tab. There is even VSYNC options on the launcher, so a ""graphics"" tab would be uselessThis developer should rethink his life as a ""developer"". He probably downloaded assets off the unity store free and used those. However, if you wanted a game what you thought it was from the trailer, jalopy might be perfect for you. It doesn't have hunger, or thrist. Assembling the car is actually possible, and it's well made. Its worth the same price of this game, but its actually better. I'm gonna go buy that now when my refund comes in."
76561197977402560,Not Recommended,516750,32718031,Posted: 24 June,all,Spoonman,"played the game for a few min, got annoyed at the STUPID indicator for when you need to bath, I mean who in there right mind would add a mosquito sound, why would I pay money to listen to one!! you cant turn it down or off until you do a action in the game, refunded it, might buy again if the developers realise how stupid that is, so you can get on with the gameplay."
,Not Recommended,516750,34349198,Posted: 19 August,all,chief,i dont recomend this because i dont know how to build a car and i dont know how to start the van
76561198051628326,Not Recommended,516750,30579255,Posted: 17 March,all,Chrismreed,This game is so hard and glitchy i could not even build the car. dont buy it
76561198095804183,Not Recommended,516750,26441375,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Disneyforever,"-Loads-Game is running at around 10fps-Lowers graphics-Still around 10fps-Lowers to lowest setting-About 12fps-Oh well, have to drop screen resolution-30fps-Walks into garage-Doesn't know what to do-Have to look up tutorial on controls and other stuff-Starts building engine-Can't place bearings-Restarts game-Wrenches are broken, can't pick them up-Quits using ctrl+alt+del0/10 will be getting a refund"
,Not Recommended,516750,26545686,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Dwarfy,My favorite part was the refunding of the game!
76561198001329904,Not Recommended,516750,26298697,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nylando,>Wake up>Drank som beer and ate som hotdogs>Built the front end of the car from parts i had>Realised i needed some parts>saved the game>drive off in the van>drive 30 minutes before crashing in a lake>Stuck.exe>Reloaded>Tried the trip again>Got to the city (WOOOO!!!)>found a sewer and jumped in>ded.jpg>spawned home again>Van is gone>ragequit2/10 too hard
76561198272527529,Not Recommended,516750,30431481,Posted: 10 March,all,Jake Paul,this game is  junk!!!
76561198125061753,Not Recommended,516750,33057734,Posted: 30 June,all,𝑥𝑁𝑜𝑣𝑎𝑥 ツ,Fun if you like cars....
76561198331818986,Not Recommended,516750,30490991,Posted: 13 March,all,PURO_DANGER,THE GAME SUCKS IT PUT A VIREC in my computer
,Not Recommended,516750,29536400,Posted: 28 January,all,Aakkeli,Piece of crap
,Not Recommended,516750,26284289,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Hive,♥♥♥♥ing awful
,Not Recommended,516750,26666136,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Warhead126,This is by far the worst game I have ever played.  Save yourself $14 bucks and get a real game.  Don't listen to all the good reviews because this game was BAD!  This is $14 dollars when this game should be free.  I will be returning this garbage that they call a game.
76561198010994813,Not Recommended,516750,26273590,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,abdullah,the game wont work
,Not Recommended,516750,26232768,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,darkscratch,"very bad. no intro, confusing controls. no tutorial"
,Not Recommended,516750,26410472,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,FinVulGein,"The worst game ever made. a complete waste of money. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. all three of these apply. reasons?how about these.1-you cant find the ♥♥♥♥ing store,becuase theres no map2-reverse is non-existant3-you have to reach the store to buy things in order to build the car,i spent 2 ♥♥♥♥ing hours looking for the useless♥♥♥♥♥store,and never found it.4-NPC's. the NPC's run over your car. a truck crawled up my♥♥♥♥♥and rear ended me,then tried to keep driving,slowly pushing my van,when i tried to get out and look at what happened,another van came,and without even trying to stop,knocked my van into a ditch.5-theres no catalog translation,so i dont know what im buying.6-its hard and complicated to use the truck or tractor. i turned on the truck,and all it would do was beep.7-it made me cry,after spending 5 hours searching for the store and crashing. you have recieved the secret acheivment of making someone cry with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ video game they spent 15 dollars on, i hope your happy.DONT GET THIS GAME,I WAS PREPARED TO SPEND MANY HOURS ON IT,BUT I WASNT PREPARED FOR ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DRIVING MECHANICS,BAD NPC'S,NO HELP WHATSOEVER,AND EVERYTHING BEING A ♥♥♥♥♥ TO USE!!!-999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999/10"
,Not Recommended,516750,26225182,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,DarkEvilHatred,"How does this game have so many positive reviews? I understand there is some humor to the game and I did laugh a couple times at some of the stuff happening BUT I also had to laugh at the fact that this game is so bare bones, sloppy, and not even in English as their advertising video shows that it made me laugh also. In fact, I found it so funny that after an hour, I laughed my way to the Steam bank and took a refund. HAHAHAHA!TLDR : You will be bored of this game within a few hours! Wait for the game to have some real substance if you find it that intriguing."
,Not Recommended,516750,26216311,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jas Gripen hellcase.com,not working!!!
76561198286880885,Not Recommended,516750,26470504,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Fury_GTX,wtf i try to start the blue van but it just wont start i pulled the hand break but it wont move wtf
,Not Recommended,516750,32786889,Posted: 25 June,all,DavidReal Fire,:)
76561198014909296,Not Recommended,516750,26209961,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Krazeecain,"Imagine if Jalopy made you chop firewood, drive a top heavy van into town and back, and assemble the car in excessive detail before letting you go on your roadtrip.And that roadtrip doesn't really go anywhere.And you have to look for a wiki to know how to do all of that.That's ""My Summer Car"" In a nutshell. It simply isn't fun. But hey, at least you can urinate!"
,Not Recommended,516750,26204757,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,stewie2k,tried to open the tool box for the whole time this game was open if you want a game that will make your blood boil BUY THIS GAME
76561198304877305,Recommended,516750,30426902,Posted: 10 March,all,Penguin9816,This is a really fun game and a time killer. The only draw back is no map while traveling and not telling you what order to build the engine but I guess thats the whole point lol.
76561198292214923,Recommended,516750,26752198,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,RapidJosh,"Nice game and all, but with the recent update, NONSTOP LAG! Please fix this!"
,Recommended,516750,30426262,Posted: 10 March,all,Crow,"Most car/racing games focus on the driving, but only a few have put the focus on building/maintaining/accessorizing cars. This is too bad, since many car enthusiasts take great pleasure in the restoration, maintenance, and upgrading of their car. Equally as unfortunate is that most car games focus on supercars, hypercars, high-end sports cars, and race cars. Little emphasis is given to the cars that most normal people actually own and drive. My Summer Car fills the empty niche of ""a normal person's car game.""This is a ""survival"" game, but a better way to describe it is as a ""slice-of-life."" Sure you have to eat and drink every so often, but the process of driving to the store to buy beer and sausages or picking up the town drunk from the pub to give him a ride home is what gives the game its charm (and creates gameplay depth). My Summer Car is set in 1990s rural Finland and it's full of referential humor about '90s car culture and rural Finnish culture that will make anyone smile. You quickly get to know the local townsfolk and their quirky behavior. Just as important, you will learn the quirky behavior of your little '70s-era coupe and the bumps, twists, and turns of the dirt roads that connect your rural home to the surrounding businesses and homes of your area.After a hard day of delivering firewood or cleaning septic tanks, you will want nothing more than to just tinker with your car for awhile. Sure you might get frustrated and throw a part across the garage, but the reward of seeing your car start and run for the first time is worth all the headaches. The feeling of knowing that you assembled a car from an empty chassis to a completely working vehicle is amazing. For car nuts, it's the greatest feeling known to man.If you're the kind of person who doesn't even know how to change your car's oil, this game is either going to teach you a lot about cars or you will quit very rapidly. Do you have the patience to learn? To persevere in the face of adversity? Do you like challenges? This game will not hold your hand or explain anything to you. If you don't know how cars work, you will have to teach yourself. If you don't know how to drive a manual transmission car, you will have to teach yourself.The game will let you make mistakes that will result in irreparable, catastrophic failure and you have no way of knowing other than personally inspecting your own handywork. You can die of thirst, hunger, or in a car accident (and permadeath means you have to start all over). It may sound daunting, but the thrill of blasting down a dirt road at 140 km/h knowing that one wrong move will send you flying off into the trees (and certain, permanent death) is not something you can get from any other game of this type.Note: As of this writing, the game is still very much in alpha. There are bugs. Sometimes the bugs will kill you or force you to restart because your car (or a part) is bugged/stuck/etc. While these are rare, it can be frustrating to see your progress lost due to bugs. Bugs can also make assemblying the car more difficult and frustrating too. Keep this in mind before you buy. Personally, I have been waiting for a game like this for quite literally decades and I couldn't throw money at it fast enough.I was able to look past the imperfections to see the gem underneath, but if you aren't one of those people know that the dev is releasing about one patch each month and each one adds a significant amount of content and bug fixes. The game is already much more stable and playable than when I bought into it last fall."
,Recommended,516750,30422169,Posted: 10 March,all,TheKhmerDude,Great game.
76561198065014618,Recommended,516750,30622572,Posted: 19 March,all,Jaeger,Amazing game!  I would and will pull my hair out over it again and again ;)
76561198172295727,Recommended,516750,30621723,Posted: 19 March,all,johnmichele,"I love this game, but do not get if you hate a lot of bugs... Because it is still in early acsess, it is pretty frustrating. But still an amazing game if you can handle it."
76561198310300632,Recommended,516750,30614473,Posted: 19 March,all,brandonbrandonpiar,They should put in some mucle cars to build other wise it is a good game
76561198056659805,Recommended,516750,30608245,Posted: 18 March,all,Faust_mich_Papa,"It's a very fun game aside from some minor bug, other then that it's an amazing game"
76561198136341112,Recommended,516750,30607385,Posted: 18 March,all,S.S. Gam,What the hell?!
76561198074101400,Recommended,516750,30582664,Posted: 17 March,all,BallisticTitanY [BT]{Dec. 23 09},Amazing
,Recommended,516750,30628566,Posted: 19 March,all,Chevyrules83,Fun Game and I would Recomend this to anyone who likes car building
76561198087052654,Recommended,516750,30639475,Posted: 20 March,all,Snufas,Build a car.Crash it.Die.Repeat.10/10
76561197981426057,Recommended,516750,30642071,Posted: 20 March,all,Disciple0fHell,"If you like cars it is a lot of fun, doesnt feel grindy as far as getting money. Its just a drunken adventure to race your car."
,Recommended,516750,30633344,Posted: 20 March,all,Tiny Rick,"Opened the game, started building the car. Built the ♥♥♥♥er, but forgot to tighten all of the drive gear bolts. Made it alittle past the barn, then it fell out. Got the car back to garage. Tried putting it in garage, ended up on the passenger side sitting against back wall. Can't get it down, seems wedged. Thanks game. Started making Kill-Ju. Got ♥♥♥♥ed up off the♥♥♥♥♥♥Kill-Ju I made. Blacked out, got hit by green car walking to my house.10000000000/10"
76561198257350470,Recommended,516750,30426487,Posted: 10 March,all,Big Cotton,"Good game, I really enjoyed it until my computer couldn't run it >:("
,Recommended,516750,30653538,Posted: 21 March,all,Grillijononhirmu,"This sure is the one of the best games that i've ever played! The game is good even tho you dont understand anything about cars, but  you'll get the car to run eventually. The game is also good because i get to swear in real life, but also in the game.The car building and Finnish Simulator is an awesome idea for a game. This game takes time and is alots of fun to play."
,Recommended,516750,30643639,Posted: 20 March,all,Error -404,VERY WELL WORTH MONEY!
,Recommended,516750,30648725,Posted: 21 March,all,(Twisted_Haunt),Why did i waste so much time on this game? Because beer and cars = best thing ever
,Recommended,516750,30664756,Posted: 22 March,all,Fr3stY,"Really nice game. A tad complicated to play it the first hours, but it's one of the funniest games I've ever played :)"
,Recommended,516750,30755864,Posted: 26 March,all,HissingWhale933,Can be very frustrating when random things kill you like the van randomly exploded and flipped to the moon
76561198076224067,Recommended,516750,30570410,Posted: 17 March,all,Gamza,"Nice game, really enjoyed building the car. i just hate the part of constantly crashing my car. Every trip to town is very hard."
,Recommended,516750,30597241,Posted: 18 March,all,Memeboi_666,"I love playing this game, though it gets frustrating. It is very realistic, and you can do many things, like shopping for beer, building your car, taking your newly build car to the rally stage and destroying it. My one complaint is that the steering is very wonky. Since I'm not the best driver, its hard for me not to crash on the tight roads using my keyboard/controller. And also if you could make it so we don't have to use the mouse to look around that'd be nice. Thanks!"
76561198047735753,Recommended,516750,30597552,Posted: 18 March,all,PrettyCoolHuh,"Amazing game, yes it can be frustrating sometimes but the game is fantastic, you also may have to build the car 5 or so times before you finnaly get it XD10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26409476,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,dirtyalrock (Back To School),Great game love the graphics and the realistic building of cars from 20-30 years ago.
,Recommended,516750,30689424,Posted: 23 March,all,asko,Have played almost 50hrs and drived with Satsuma for 30min. Amazing game.
,Recommended,516750,30688773,Posted: 23 March,all,Deucebucket,This game is simply amazing! I cant wait to see what else is in store!
76561198353329572,Recommended,516750,30687104,Posted: 23 March,all,Myst1c Legend,"Amazing, so funny always laugh when I play this 1 thing for them to add is multiplayer"
76561198141747264,Recommended,516750,30508405,Posted: 14 March,all,Negative,Good game but those ♥♥♥♥ing haunted doors suck
76561198273656361,Recommended,516750,30512454,Posted: 14 March,all,scania man...   jj harkin,every ♥♥♥♥ING TIME THIS GAME CRASHES WHEN I ENTER DRIVING MODE
76561198050565684,Recommended,516750,30503338,Posted: 14 March,all,asmi4000,great game i really like how you have to biuld the car and not just have the car already built
,Recommended,516750,30495927,Posted: 13 March,all,WhiskeyGhost,"Takes time to get used to but gets addicting, however you better love walking... A lot...."
76561198189575986,Recommended,516750,30500552,Posted: 13 March,all,cabragh,just try it it is a good game
,Recommended,516750,28920399,Posted: 1 January,all,Eclipse,-Starts up first save-Walks around finnish house and finds beer-Drinks 8 bottles of beer in a minute-Realizes drinking makes you pee-Realizes peeing makes you dirty-Doesn't know how to work sauna-Hops in van-Accidentally punches windshield while trying to start van-Drives down to a fork in the road-Turns right because im right handed-Accidentally drives off the road into the forest-I fly out of the windshield-Respawns behind house-Finds finnish fuel truck-Realizes finnish fuel truck is actually finnish sewage truck-Drives sewage truck to van crash site-Connects sewage truck to van-Drags van down the road with truck-Tries to swerve to avoid green car-Van behind me acts as a flail and smashes car-Gets out of truck to see if man in green car is alive-Green car reverses into me and kills me10/10I didnt even start building the car.
76561198354299910,Recommended,516750,30499578,Posted: 13 March,all,#_xX_NO_LIFE_Xx_#,"this game will be anoying at the beginning but it will pay of with the satisfation of rallying your car as a finished product. Its great for those slow, boring days when none of your freind dont wanna hang."
,Recommended,516750,30707897,Posted: 24 March,all,T-Rennix,"This game, while highly ambitious, is highly taxing on computers, my computer seems to be well above required specs and i can barely get it running, due to the nature of the beginning of the game, it can be quite confusing on how you are meant to progress at the very start, the way parts are added is very finnicky and clunky and takes a lot of getting used to, especially at 20fps, while i hope this game is better optimized in the future, and while i love the premise, go buy SLRR. same thing basically, just  easier to grasp. if you love SLRR though, you will find enjoyment in this game,"
,Recommended,516750,26302865,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Timberwolf,"I went for a drive and my headlights fell off, so I had to go out later to pick them up off the road and bring them home. This is all you need to know about My Summer Car."
,Recommended,516750,26315106,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,gpv,Janky and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ in all the best ways
,Recommended,516750,26315393,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Brancki,Best ♥♥♥♥ing game ever. Eneugh said.
76561198123171404,Recommended,516750,26298679,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ITMechanic,so foor good hobe more content
,Recommended,516750,26313096,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,mich♥al,First moments - how to do something?! 12 hours later - it's so frustrating! I want more!
,Recommended,516750,26313663,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Tomatillo,Euro♥♥♥♥♥♥Truck Simulator 2017Worth every penny
,Recommended,516750,26333991,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,daarons,spent hours dying continuouslyfinally made it to the shops and stocked upcar about 90% completewake up in the night to phone callget shocked by lightning through phone and have a heart attack and diemfw pera death enabled
,Recommended,516750,26276326,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Classicsniper00,Did you ever want a Car Mechanic Survivial game?Really?Well for some f***ing reason here it is.And it's fantastic.
76561198111436501,Recommended,516750,26322858,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,TheColoredCow,"This is a really fun game (if you're into this kind of stuff.)This is how my first hours went.1. trying to figure out the controls (please add some volume settings.)2. flipping the van, twice.3. buying a load of food.4 after 3 hours of car building, actually finishing the car (sorta)5. going to some blokes house to pump up his sewage.6. trying to get the pipe off the truck because i was finished.7. getting hit by a random♥♥♥♥♥car and dying.8. REALISING PERMADEATH WAS ON AN I JUST WASTED 5 HOURS.RInse and repeat.It is a fun game. as long as you don't mind getting annoyed when you can't figure stuff out."
76561197964065734,Recommended,516750,26332894,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,[FIN]Hamstero,The one and only Finland-simulator.
,Recommended,516750,26323078,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Kapitan,"First let me state that I do no write reviews for games, Most of the time the more you dig into a game you start to find flaws.But this game, This game does not act like it is a AAA game, it does not tell you it is gold when it is s***. For starters just look at the quality scale.Before I give you a review though, let me tell you a story. [Scroll to the bottom to skip this lovely story.]I start my life off going for a beer and sausage run to town in my death van. I return, unplug my phone so no one will bother me. Then I get to work. I put the motor together, put the suspension together, then put the cars body together. I go to start it after filling with oil, coolant, and brake and clutch fluid. However I forgot the gas, So I go back to town with a gas can. Get fuel and start to head home. On my way back I go head long into a truck and die.Now the review.It is a good game.8/10 Controls are clunky at best, Busted the windshield out with a dashboard just clipping it in. It is in early access game though so it has bugs."
,Recommended,516750,26323609,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Jere,great
,Recommended,516750,26327610,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Grue,">Spend hours figuring out how to build the car>Literally have the built engine on the hoist ready to lower it>Get a phone call>Guy wants his septic drained>Need more money so go do it>First job I take in the game>The customer is some fat dude slung out in a lawn chair with sweaty pits>Drinking a beer>Says nothing>Remove cover from the septic tank>Drag hose over>Drop it into the hole>Try to pull some more in>Fall into the hole>Die a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ deathIt all returns to nothing. it all comestumbling down, tumbling down, tumbling down..."
,Recommended,516750,26286627,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Stephanov,o fugg not dis finlan agen :-DDDDDDDDDD
76561198051803073,Recommended,516750,26286831,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Susivasara,Nyt on pojat peli!Suomalaiseen tyyliin olen nyt jo puhunut liikaa mutta pysyn kannassani saattana.
,Recommended,516750,26276417,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Rootriver,0/5 Electric Sauna is not true Sauna.
76561198059693956,Recommended,516750,26276463,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sorry,Awesome just awesome
76561198118304226,Recommended,516750,26307054,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Michael Rosen,went to sleep on a friday woke up on a sunday in the middle of the night picked up the phone phone got hit by lighting couldnt move got freaked out quit game couldnt find saves drank bleach because i had the engine built
,Recommended,516750,26307513,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Live4Fun7369,☻
,Recommended,516750,26307657,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,trabajador  :^),The ride never ends
76561198076298807,Recommended,516750,27764186,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,quienton tarantino rolls,fun as hell-but also rage inducing
76561198080127808,Recommended,516750,27762777,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Csgorage.com | kickback.com,siq game .. 10/10 would finland again
76561198138296276,Recommended,516750,27637241,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Humanoid Typhoon,"Get in the van and head towards the town to try and find somewhere to get food and beer.Getting dark need to turn the headlights on....Won't bother checking, surely it's H......Immediently punch and break windscreen, can't see where i'm going, crash into a tree and die.Game of the year!"
,Recommended,516750,27641760,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Azuma (2015),Building a project car in real life is easier than this game.
,Recommended,516750,27649637,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ゴゴゴゴ [menacing],"A promising early access car simulator, challenging and satisfying. Great for learning the basic components of a car. Steering wheel and high functioning autism recommended, but not indispensable."
76561198029360475,Recommended,516750,27649365,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,^1C^2h^3r^4i^5s^6P^7e^8k,And the ''I thought this game was cool before it won an award'' goes to...
76561198041826943,Recommended,516750,27745800,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Paswalt,Day 1: What the **** am I doing. - DeadDay 2: Now I know how I can drive a Car - DeadDay 3: I think I will try to build my very own car!Day 4: Open garage. See 1 million little parts. Slams his head on his deskDay 5: Watch youtube tutorialDay 6: ?????????Day 7: Drives in his own car.....drunk......while peeing.....and insult every person you meet....[5|7] - Farming Simulator has better CARS: - IGN
,Recommended,516750,27759650,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Komrad,Best Finish Simulator
,Not Recommended,516750,27611897,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Flamewolf00,"Horribly unrefined, driving is completely terrible, and game is glitchy as all hell. realistic and fun to build things, but annoying to actually do anything else"
76561198248695832,Recommended,516750,27651971,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jonas4tw,A game about summer in Finland with mosqitoes. 11/10 would take a♥♥♥♥♥♥in sauna again.
,Recommended,516750,27612939,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ripleyy,"This game is one of a kind. One I always find myself picking up and playing because of its thoroughly entertaining way of building your own car to muck about with. All the while trying to stay alive driving to the store or to pump other peoples crap for money. Then, only to turn around and pee on them because your bladder is full. One of the most chuckle inducing games ive played."
,Recommended,516750,27612568,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Timzpe,Very good game.
,Recommended,516750,27657456,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Vladimir,"The only game that makes me go ""I could be at home, fixing my car"" when I'm out in real life"
,Recommended,516750,27726711,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Sir Beef McNugget,Finished the car.Take it for a drive.Loose controll.Crash into a tree.Die.Hours of work gone in a second. Accurate life simulator...
,Recommended,516750,27532619,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,drk,Gr8 game
76561198346299471,Recommended,516750,27722460,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,jpiker78,the game sucks
76561197979906279,Recommended,516750,27749409,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DJ G,Could be shetland in 95.... minus all the trees!
,Recommended,516750,27734807,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,IzakMC,"Watched the trailer and immediately knew I needed to play this game. This is basically a Top Gear simulator complete with alcohol and swearing. As a fair warning, you really do need to know quite a lot about building cars to fully enjoy. But even if you never manage to build the car, there is still a lot to love here."
,Recommended,516750,26615028,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Mr.Ankka,Ekan pelikerran perusteella tämä on todellakin vuoden videopeli. 5/5
76561198030734545,Recommended,516750,27740819,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dreamlord1979,"Really fun game. Original idea. I only have 2 complaints. 1 after drinking the vodka the effect lasted way too long and was WAY too intense. I started to feel sick in real life and had to stop playing. Stay away from the hard liquor. 2 it takes EXTREMELY long to fill the truck with diesel. I understand it is a large tank, but no one wants to sit still for that long when playing a game. Some people only have a short time to game and that is a waste of time."
,Recommended,516750,26481121,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,James,"Died on my way to get sausages, died on the way back from getting sausages. Somehow finally managed to get my car built; probably going to die driving that too."
,Recommended,516750,26472456,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,[REDACTED],"You spend a lot of time, then it starts, for a moment and then dies. Leaving you frustrated and angry while double-checking the whole engine. 10/10"
76561198066700234,Recommended,516750,26444987,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,StoopidSquid,"No idea what I'm doing, but I like it."
,Recommended,516750,26308388,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Flashman440,"Being results oriented I find the game tremendously frustrating BUT I am back having another go. Thankfully you can approach the game from different directions so you don't have to keep living a ground hog day because you die.Which by the way I have died alot. crashed the van, died (twice now). Got run off the road by the green car, died. ran out of fuel trying to deliver a load of wood with the tractor and couldn't be bothered walking back. tried to get drunk to respawn but not enough beer so I am so drunk I can't walk back. I just start again. found the bottle of vodka and drank it and couldn't do a thing. Watch the clock because it may be daylight but no shops open so you just wander aimlessly around town.I love the car building of which I have not done much, oh yeah I took a heap of stuff outside and after a while couldn't pick it up again. Save and restart the game and I could pick the parts up. Thinking of taking the sewrage truck job but figure I am just going to find a new way to die lol.This is the first survival type game I have tried and am warming to it. Give it a go if you like survival games and car simulators.EDIT: 17 hours in. Well I am dying a lot less and as I get more jobs done and build the car I am having a heap of fun. I am enjoying this game in its entirety more than I figured I would. The car building is excellent, lots of little details like having to connect brake lines that I appreciate."
,Recommended,516750,26448762,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Dr. Cyanide Ph.D,"So I was able to get the front end of the car's suspension put in, then tried doing the rear end of the suspension, then got bored.It was at that time I realized this is a game within a game, and decided to drive around the countryside with a case of beer next to me and pounding those things until I hit a tree. Then I came home and played My Summer Car. 7/10. It's okay.Serious review: This is a solid early access game, and while it still needs a nice amount of content added for variety and function, I can definitely see the potential that it has to offer. Its like Car Mechanic Simulator 2015, except open world. I picked this up for about $5, and even if the devs stopped updating entirely, I feel like my money was well spent. This is a pretty relaxing game, though I wouldn't be pulling all-night benders on it."
,Recommended,516750,26449200,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Ernst The Ace,A suprisingly in-depth game for only $15.
76561198017453575,Recommended,516750,26449215,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,CJ Gaming,A true to life game it's only an Early Access Game at the moment but i love this so much as you can see i have played a lot of it it was very hard at 1st but once i got my head in to it i found it good fun i have a running car it nice mods on it now the game really dose make you work to buld the car after you have had a 20 min drive to the shop to pick up beer and food o yeah and lets not forget fuel to then after you get back home you get a phone call you parts are ready so it's back in the van and down the narrow road again hopein and paying and saying no i'm not going to crash in the ditch this time 2 mins later dam done it again the same bloddy ditch trust me it's a long walk for the truck to tow your van out or the tractor you get to the shop after about 40 mins 20 of that was towing the van out pay the postal order then you find the boxes won't fit in the van so you put 1 in the frount and your winscreen brakes o well you say get back home after crashing in that dam ditch again start bulding the car after about 3 hours and a lot of blue words you get it bult and running yes at long last you take it for a drive but it's pulling the the left ok lets go and see the guy who fixes cars you ok after about 9 grand bill you get his glendale very fast car you drive back home on your way home you crash at high speed into the ditch again and die and you forgot the you had perm death on more bule words again you start again with prem death off this time yeah my 1st day on this game
,Recommended,516750,26448082,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,HOLOTAPE,I accidentally drove my car into a ditch and then died from dehydration while walking back to get a tow!  Highly recommended!
76561198035865217,Recommended,516750,26443212,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Wardiaper,"Every once in a while a very special game comes out that changes everything.  The right mixture of things that aren't supposed to work together - bad graphics, wonky physics, long boring drives, drinking beer, peeing, cursing, chopping wood, sucking sewage out of septic tanks, building and tuning a car piece by piece with an awkward building system, manipulating every control in a car just to get down the road, hunger, thirst, dirtiness, fatigue, Finnish speaking NPCs that look like they were models from a 20+ year old game.  This game should suck, but instead it might be (my) game of the year."
,Recommended,516750,26253211,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Suolatikku,"What this game is about?-Be a young finnish man in the 90s who just got their licence.-Notice you live in a small house in the middle of nowhere, at the end of a crappy gravel road.-Work a crappy job of emptying sewage of all your distant neighbors.-Everyone starts calling you, since their sewages are full.-End up pulling the plug of the phone, since it rings so much.-You can pee hands-free everywhere.-Theres a scrapped chassis of a car, and loads of parts in the garage. Pop open a beer and put on the sauna.-Look around aimlessly, take another beer.-Fall into despair after rolling few pieces in your hands.-Third beer.-Notice you have a work van on your yard. Try to figure out how it starts up.-Take fourth beer, also bring the beer rack in the car.-Notice youre pretty drunk now, time to get to the town to buy food. (and beer)-Take fifth beer when you drive the car into the ditch on the opposite side of the road.-Get tracktor, tow your van out of the ditch.-Sixth beer.-Put some pedal to the medal, and drive trough the road, no idea where.-Drink five more beers while driving, and Pee out from the window while driving.-while driving, dont notice that another car is coming in the small road on your front.-Die in a car crash.10/10 would pee out of the window again."
76561198124112988,Recommended,516750,26442562,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,PLAYB✪Y HANNA,♥♥♥♥ing awesome...! :D There should be something if you die in a car crash that you could get your car to home. Now it stays there where you crash it am I right?But still ♥♥♥♥ing awesome! :)
76561198089567399,Recommended,516750,26443895,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,wyattk1994,"Super♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Spent hours building my car, pumping crap from random houses and trying not to die from every little thing, only to die on my way to the store from some idiot on the wrong side of the road. I managed not to do a head on and he clipped me, my van lost control and flipped many times spilling all my beer and tossing me hundreds of feet away from my van.The game itself is a really good game. Just really needs a options menu to turn off some elements like the perm-death. Not fun. Made me rage quit and almost toss my computer across the room. Would really like a sandbox type option. Other than the rage, it is a really fun game and i'm happy i bought it.Edit. Just went in to the game again and found out i can turn off the perm-death. Now i feel dumb."
11262112621126211,Recommended,516750,26444707,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,JeefCake,bought gametried to build car suspensiontook 2 hourstrief to push car into garagecar messed upcar is now sideways and damaged to♥♥♥♥♥♥69/1337 would ♥♥♥♥ up again
,Recommended,516750,26441219,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Katten,"This game will require you to either look up manuals or go about brute force trying to fit your car together.You will have to:Go to the store to buy food and gas.Do actual work like draining sewage, deliver firewood or late night taxi for drunk neighbor.The game is buggy. It is sometimes a bit tedious, but non the less rewarding when you finally get your shitbox of a car on the road for the first time and when you finally can tune it with the parts you worked so hard to order.I recommended this to you if you're ready to spend a lot of time and frustration trying to fit together an engine or if you're ready for the frustration of troubleshooting why your car eats up oil like it was candy."
76561198068778696,Recommended,516750,26408047,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Analbag,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥! this game is going to be amazing when/if it gets done!!you get to build your own car and the detail on the building part is so cool. they haven't put a lot of time on the graphics but thats ok since gameplay goes before graphics in selling a game. they still need to add a lot of things but what can you expect from a early access game? however this game is fully playable and can be a ton of fun.
76561198161195793,Recommended,516750,26408092,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Your Grandma,"100% better than red dots♥♥♥♥♥♥of a car mechanic simulator. dont buy CMS15, the devs are lost, they never announce♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game, this games ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, really ♥♥♥♥ing funny too, you get to flip off people, drink beer and eat sasuages, what more could you ask."
,Recommended,516750,26408938,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Plumber boy's worst nightmare,Great game. But beware! ITS HARD. Just wait until the creator adds paying your bills!
,Recommended,516750,30901405,Posted: 2 April,all,quinz,Absolutely pure gold. Buy it.
76561198093183352,Recommended,516750,26409824,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Terminajuju,Very original and there are a bunch of thinks to do. I love this game !
,Recommended,516750,26202516,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Haddas (ASSEMBLY 2017),">Be Me>Eat Pack of sausage and drink a couple of beers for breakfast>Drive to the store in my tractor>Buy more sausages and 2 cases of beer>Drink whole case of beer while driving home>wrong direction>Stop at local repairshop to pee>Notice nice american muscle car&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥on owners lawn, flip him off and steal his car>Crash car, walk home>MFW My summer car game has been released"
,Recommended,516750,27821875,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Argeon,"This game makes you cry when you succeed and cry when you fail but not worry, there's nothing a virtual alcoholic blackout cant fix."
,Recommended,516750,27819978,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,The Notorious J.K,Yes veriveri nice
76561198083686348,Recommended,516750,27794008,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,not gay :),its alright I CANT GET THE ♥♥♥♥ING ENGINE IN THE CAR THO
76561197970692193,Recommended,516750,27774371,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Giant Crab,The only game that makes pumping sewerage enjoyable.
,Recommended,516750,27788666,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OnYx_Green,"lots of bugs, and randomly getting launched into the sky. still fun and frustrating to play haha"
,Recommended,516750,27831555,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,the beach,A true Finish experience. 10/10
76561198038221896,Recommended,516750,26561603,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,pönde,Brings back my childhood memories. Love this game.
76561198093958723,Recommended,516750,27829071,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,colio30,confusing.. but once you get the hang of it its worth every penny
76561198029358829,Recommended,516750,27768578,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Lord Daftwager,"Insanely frustrating, pointlessly mundane, and brutally unforgiving. Still strangely good though. Like, really good. I guess it's nice to have a game that I'm not guaranteed to succeed at. This game definitely doesn't hold your hand.Example. Got done on most of the chassis, most of the engine block. Literally short one part I think (fan belt). Look up where to get it. Pack up and get in the van. Hit small divet in 1st gear literally 50 feet from my house. WIndshield shatters and I die. 2+ hours of assembly wasted. Wasn't even drunk.I still recommend giving it a try, especially if you're mechanically inclined, or if you enjoy a challenge."
,Recommended,516750,27837367,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kaarnavene,helppoja hommia
,Recommended,516750,27475623,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FITY,Early Access to review is positive.
,Recommended,516750,27405215,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SCUMBAG,"Sometimes while playing this game i think to myself ""why am i doing this again?"" but the end result is so rewarding in the end."
,Recommended,516750,30919280,Posted: 3 April,all,The spirit of jazz,i get to drive with a case of bear as my passenger.10/10
76561198110868846,Recommended,516750,26302662,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Dark1pl1er,"My first week (ingame of this work of art)day one: i built the suspensionday two; had to drink my own♥♥♥♥♥♥like bear gryllsday three: almost died to the yellow menanceday four; sucked 5 sewage tanks of random peopleday five installed engine and stole a pair of long coil springsday six: gassed up the satstuma and prepaired to set out on a adventure to the vehicle inspection buildingdayyseven: last entry, three pistons blew in my satstuma in the middle of the forest, one missing presumed destroyed, found two dlown and ruined pistons and one bearring, cars' doneMy last words: tell my mom, i loved her pot roast11/10 would check for oil leaks again, and again...and again"
76561198241877816,Recommended,516750,27471562,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,violence help helper,5/5
76561198050421975,Recommended,516750,27478950,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,herra_kissa,Missed a bolt on the engine. When i was on the track the engine blew up. had to walk home for 1h. veri veri realistic
,Recommended,516750,27478119,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,аутист,The best simulator game i've ever played 11/10 maistuu salami
76561197991094956,Recommended,516750,27558709,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mordyn,Unpolished diamond! This game has higher than average learning curve but also huge potential. Already good amount of content and more coming steadily!
,Recommended,516750,27537594,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ፓኢዮ | UNIVERSAL ACE,"By far one of the best games iv ever played,It is sooooo stressfull at the beggining but once it runs its like wow... I did that :Dfor 15 bucks this is a must have game"
76561198047956501,Recommended,516750,27066702,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Nasse-Seta,Ihan♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hyvä
76561198107016243,Recommended,516750,26306267,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Joe Franks?,"Great concept and so far a great execution to get across the developers point, however personally I would hope for a lot more features to be implemented, to name a few- More items (drinks & food)- Working Washing Machine to wash your clothes (to aid with dirtiness)- Quicker access to the general store (maybe another road or so)- Easy mode for the car assembly (Showing bolts for example) or an extensive in game tutorial- Sprinting ability for the character- Sleeping ability for the character either on bed or in car/van- Key bindings for car functions (ignition/wipers/parking break etc)- Removal of ability to smash the windscreen with one punch- Removal of ability to make the car bounce/fly by just touching it or accidently colliding with a part- Smoothen out terrain near roads to make a slight tire slip off the road less deadlyAnd many more.I will closely follow this and hopefully this will become a great game to remember for years and years to come."
,Recommended,516750,26304174,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,XelardiR,BEST GAME EVER MADE! IS FINLAND SIMULATOR ++++++
,Recommended,516750,26301629,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,sessioN! ツ,Awesome game ! But if I have a save-game why isn't working after I die ? That's why it should be a Save-game ... and without console + this thing destroyed the game.
76561197976181503,Recommended,516750,26302249,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,sam_,"Rushed to buy beer for sauna, rolled my van and died in ditch. Tried to earn money and drowned in sewage well. Built my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car, went for max speed run, rolled it and died. Went to sauna, drank all the beers and woke up somewhere. 6/5 most finnish experience I've had."
76561197966878367,Recommended,516750,26302368,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,pedpi,"Boat and beer,  best game ever created"
,Recommended,516750,26286476,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,yxng doge,The game is awesome.But its annoying when stuff can drop through the ground.I was building my car and one of the most important parts fell through the ground >_<
76561197986757350,Recommended,516750,26287513,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Saku,Best game eu.
,Recommended,516750,26287653,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Trollvo,"5/10, I never lost my 10 mm"
,Recommended,516750,26285519,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nan,picked up the game and instantly put on 6 hours. had the car all painted and bolted together and on my way home from the shops with petrol for my works inaugural first drive i slid off the road into a house and died losing all my progress. 10/10 would swear about the wrong wrench size again.
76561197975329703,Recommended,516750,26213026,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Jaime Kubovski-Käki,"My Summer Car is ugly, buggy, and with controls that most likely will annoy the hell out of you, but it is also a magnificent piece of gaming art that so beautifully captures and parodies the rural Finland of the days of my youth. So many little details so well done. Radio persons and programs, songs, all those products you can buy from the shop, the references are endless. The problem is that so many of these little details and jokes can only be recognized by a Finn who lived through the 90s. I do hope that non-Finnish people will enjoy this, but I'm not really sure that they can ever truly enjoy My Summer Car to the fullest.Of course My Summer Car is not just about nostalgia and parody, it is also a surprisingly good car building simulator.  When you first start the game, your summer car project is just a huge pile of different parts that you may or may not even recognize. Putting all these parts together so that you have a working car is quite a task, especially for someone who doesn't really know that much about cars. But as you reach every milestone you set (and eventually have a working car), the feeling of success is very strong."
76561198088839811,Recommended,516750,26213048,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,☭Poppamies☭,GOTY 2K16
,Recommended,516750,26213064,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,CaptainD00M,the game is an awesome concept i hope that:-workshop mods-multiplayerwill make the game even better. the textures are bit dark for my taste but its not that badthings this game needs-running-save button-a map
,Recommended,516750,26213448,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Toje,"Amazingly Accurate septic truck simulator, unnecessary car mini game where you build a car on the side if you get board.But empting septic tanks then dumping the♥♥♥♥♥♥into the river, A+++++"
,Recommended,516750,27541489,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,STRELOK,"Most realistic summer simulator ever, you will:-assemble a vehicle (then crash it while drunk)-swear in Finnish-do♥♥♥♥♥♥jobs-middle finger everybody-get drunk just because-enjoy lazyness-curse mosquitoesWe all had a summer like this, only the girls are missing."
76561198020277834,Recommended,516750,27538908,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Masseis csgolive.com,Best finnish simulator in the history of time since harambes death
,Recommended,516750,26317087,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Memejäbä,This is BEST game i have ever bougth just like real life in finland!
,Recommended,516750,27992066,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez,"Absolutly love this game its fun, derpy and everything in between"
,Recommended,516750,27992225,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[AFKPc]_Blank_,"Ok so my personal opinion, if you like cars and mostly the mechanical side of cars then this game is for you.(DO NOT THINK OF THIS LIKE OTHER RUBBISH SIMULATOR'S)As i have a large amount of knowledge on cars and have fully built engines and such previously its quite nice to see how much the dev has included within the game. now this game is not by any means completely realistic. there are other parts that would be required when building an engine that isnt present in the game (timing the engine, using feeler guages to set the valve clearence, set the timing of the distributor etc) but most of those features would be very hard to implement so i cannot blame the developer. but i can say that he has grasped the feeling of building a car, building them does not mean that everything will go smoothly, things will fail and make you stress out but that is all apart of the game and its appeal.now obviously because this game is currently in Early Access it is by no means finish and is probably far from it. so you should expect the usual clipping and random issues, but for a very low price i really cannot recommend this game anymore. there are plenty of games that i have bought that surpass the 50 pounds mark that wasnt any bit as entertaining as this game is, so smiles per pound is definitely high.so to put my review into simple bullet points it goes as such;Pros:-Fun building system while also being complex enough to require effort-Other factors that you need to attend to (hunger and thirst) is good for braking up the gameplay to not make it easy-active dev, constantly looking to players for extra ideas that will be implemented in the future-the satisfaction when your car is fully running and extra modifications installed-large amount of humor to be had within the gameCons:-you can die abit too easily in the game, like 2 mph into a tree and you will die. but this will probably be resolved when seatbelts are added into the game-parts can go missing, now most of them should respawn but if the fanbelt falls though the ground it gets stuck just below the surface so you will have to scan the floor until it pops up-be prepared for allot of anger and stress when things dont go your way ;)-Performance isnt great - now i have 980's in sli, sli does not seem to be supported but the issue lies in that for some reason when the car is fully built and going at speed the game slows down to 20ish fps this is annoying because you start to notice the stutters and it subtracts from the game. hopefully this will be fixed but with this being down to the car its possible that it is here to stay untill further notice. other than that the game plays around 50-80 most of the time.So eventhough this game have a few flaws it isnt surprising considering the fact that it is early access and who can complain for 11 pounds!! (when i bought it)"
76561198071767565,Recommended,516750,27990481,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,A_Wet_Dog,"This game is great, it is very realistic and the car takes a lot of interest and dedication to finish building, aswell as the other elements of the game like jobs, modifying vehicles and keeping yourself alive by driving to the nearest town to get some supplies. It is an incredible game for someone like me who wants to be very in-depth about cars and wants some more to the game if I get bored of the car for a bit.However.. There are 2 aspects that really ruin the game for me, one more than the other. Firstly, the valve tuning process which isnt too bad but it is literally just a guessing game to get perfect and with the amount of distance that the valve screws turn with each click just makes the job ever-so much more of a pain and boring process. And the second point which is a game breaker. There are 5 vehicles that you can drive in the game (including the built car) and that sounds like quite a few but if you happen to crash and die (which is insanely easy to do especially with the terrible AI cars) in them or run out of fuel and you eventually die since youre stranded, then it is game over and you can't continue the game. Many times since the town is miles away, the vehicles are lost very far away from spawn which means even if you try your hardest to go and retrieve the vehicles, you will die before you get there and the game isnt able to continue, causing you to re-start despite turning the perma-death option off.I will rate this one of my favourite games (maybe my favourite of all time) if this mechanic was fixed because I have more than 20 hours on my save and after realising I can't continue, it has put me off the game completely as it means I have to fully rebuild the car without a proper chance to drive my current one."
,Recommended,516750,27975228,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,hopgop1,"Spent 2 hours going to the shop and back to get some basic supplies to build my car, only died a few times on the perilous Finnish roads, not bad. Spent a further 4 hours building my car wouldn't start first try, just some pathetic spluttering. ♥♥♥♥. Tried again. Nothing. I then tried a number of things, including pulling out the choke and forgetting, flooded the engine. [b♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SATANA[/b]. Now the dash lights won't even come on. Did some further research later, turned out that I hadn't screwed in the spark plugs. Screwed them in.BOOM. I excitedly drove my car down the Finnish roads, car pulls to the left a little, fine, until it pulls into an uncoming log truck and I die because I wasn't paying the game my full attention. 10/10 Finnish Simulator."
,Recommended,516750,27970280,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jim Med Kniven,this is the best game ever if you like survival games and building cars.the game is very unforgiving and there is no tutorial.otherwise very extremely funny :D
,Recommended,516750,27971943,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,A_r_t_t_U_,funny
76561198063365261,Recommended,516750,27971318,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,SeattlePoliceman,"My summer car is an interesting game. I cant say its a great game. But its interesting.PROS+Funny+Very in depth+Pretty realistic+Racing is funCONS-Requires a lot of patience and time when building your car, its very complex-AI drivers are kinda dumb-Game will get repetetive after a while-Map is very barren. There are not many places to visitI still cant really decide how much I like this game. But for what it is, its decent.OVERALL: 6.5/10"
76561198111200339,Recommended,516750,27999091,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,prizedcoffeecup,"ive played this game extensively. i recommend at least a try of this game to car guys. you never run out of stuff to do. remember though, if you like your family save often!"
66677755588885381,Recommended,516750,27996115,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,mangle05,good but you need to add a way to pant the van
,Recommended,516750,27996148,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Oldemar,World's leading Nihilism simulator.
76561197994229558,Recommended,516750,27999533,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,HoofBite,Early access to game is 5/5.
76561197970321339,Recommended,516750,27985225,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BLACKWINGNUT,very funny just like real life ROLF
,Recommended,516750,27985319,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shadow,Really Good Game! :)
,Recommended,516750,27985526,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Ancient Kek#FreeKekistan,5/5 kalja ja makkara maistuu.
76561198196279191,Recommended,516750,27989409,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NC4L24,"This game is amazing. It is very difficult at times, and yes kind of annoying, but that is all apart of the fun! It is also very unforgiving: You forget to eat, you die. You don't sleep, you die. You forgot to downshift when you were coming to a stop in the car, it stalls. You didn't tighten the shifter linkage bolts, it ain't shiften gears. No brake fluid, then no brakes! But anyway this game is awesome if you are into cars and surviving. This is a game that the community needs, and a game that I have been waiting for to be developed. There is certainly nothing like the experience of My Summer Car!"
,Recommended,516750,27832942,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dim Hall,"I have to say, best mechanic sim on Steam. Bravo. Even though it is specifically stated you did not create this game for fun, but out of necessity,its fun nonetheless. Fan-♥♥♥♥in-Tastic!"
,Recommended,516750,27088834,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RANDOMlagFTW,10/10 Finland simulator
76561198027674338,Recommended,516750,27245872,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lumpy_Custard,"Bought this game to learn more about car building. Also learned about taking saunas, eating sausages and driving a van in first gear all the way to the shops to avoid dying. 11/10"
,Recommended,516750,27272044,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,"""Gun Safety""","Build, Crash, Die - Story of the game."
76561198120251542,Recommended,516750,27271054,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LATE_666=D,Best game ever
,Recommended,516750,26976921,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bundy,id give it a cactus/11 for good meme
,Recommended,516750,27264576,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Janne36,Just get this.
,Recommended,516750,27267601,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FuggleNutz,"Just one more minute, 5 hours rolls by in a flash. Great fun!"
,Recommended,516750,27266466,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,PANPAJIC,Best Game of 2016 vodka/10 . Will drunk drive and dive into the trees again.
,Recommended,516750,27265347,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Haba,"On surface My Summer Car may seem to be a game about building up a car. But that is just a superficial illusion.In reality it is a work of art. And like all great works of art, it won't be created without blood, sweat and tears. Mainly yours.It will frustrate you, annoy you and eventually drive you insane.It is crude. It is autistic. It is buggy.At the same time it is an experience like no another. I'm not saying you will like it. But you should still try it. Just so you can tell your children that you were... there."
76561198010252686,Recommended,516750,27257856,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,5688,An Early Access simulator that is more complete than most games will ever be.
,Recommended,516750,27258192,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FairestExpert72,Not enough beer.
,Recommended,516750,26209923,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Ospa,"This game deserves the middle finger, but I have to settle for the thumb for now."
76561198103341563,Recommended,516750,27316269,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LawzurRRRR,10/10 You can stick your middle finger up.
,Recommended,516750,27316616,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mäh,"If you ever wanted to know how it is to be a car mechanic in rural finland, which is interrupted by picking up drunk neighbor and pumping♥♥♥♥♥♥out of sewers this is your game. Drive with horrendes speed through police checkpoints and show you skill on the drag strip. This game wont let you down."
76561198128944498,Recommended,516750,27338828,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SpaceBoxx,"Spent 4 hours figuring out how to chop firewood and deliver it to the drunk on the other end of the phone, after an hour of standing in front of his house trying to figure out how to unload the wood I find the ""rear hydrualic"" lever and manage to dump the firewood on his front lawn.Amazed with this game and my own persistence I see the man has a wad of cash in his hand for me, grabbing a celebration beer I walk over to him chugging it happily, when i finish i throw it right at his head killing him instantly, the money dissapeared and I proceded to get sloppy wasted off of his booze bottle and crash my tractor in a ditch in a drunken rage.10/10 would Finn again."
,Recommended,516750,27341096,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Obtains Kisses,"the game where you build a fully functioning automobile from the ground up, then die in a ditch on the way to the store in rural finland"
,Recommended,516750,27284406,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,messpace,Bought this game only yesterday and couldn't stop playing! Although it can get frustrating at times it's really addictive.
76561198028246019,Recommended,516750,27285657,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Futter,Get drunk and build a car. Forget to tighten a bolt and it all breaks!
,Recommended,516750,27308720,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,1randomkiwi,"A bunch of laughs interrupted by immense frustration.This game will test your patience.Currently this game has its little bugs, but it's still a fantastic journey."
76561198009767572,Recommended,516750,27309084,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,burnsie93,"Brilliant game if you're into cars and (attempting) building them, terrible game if you have high blood pressure! It is very frustrating to have to strip the engine multiple times if you have left one bolt the slightest bit slack. Also a routine trip to the shops turns into an extremely difficult adventure as if you dont stick to the road you will almost certainly crash into a ditch and die, which then spawns you back at your house will your car or van stays where you crashed it.Some improvements could be - the bolts could change colour or make a different noise when they are fully tightened. Be able to use the spray paint to change the colour of everything on the car. Add the ability to actually wash in the shower! Also when you switch the lights on in the house I wish they would stay on, I have woke up a few times and not been able to see anything because it is so dark, also there is no brightness adjustment so that would be handy too.But still it is a great game and cant wait to check out what the developer adds in the future."
,Recommended,516750,27810522,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,MrSimsFani,"I think this is one of best games made in Finland, and it is good game for guys like me who don't know anything from technical side of car, so great game. Suomi ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,516750,27812532,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,B0TT0M,6/5 pelaisin uudestaa
,Recommended,516750,27814078,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,C-Men,"The only game that had me laugh as i tried in futility, for fifteen minutes, to get the damn van started!Also the only game ever, keeping me awake all night in anticipation as i assemble the last parts on the piece of junk.I've never touched a spanner in my entire life, it took me a night to assemble the engine and another night to assemble the chassis and, dear me, the feeling of getting the car running was so rewarding!Until you realize that; the engine runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ your brakes are not functioning, gears pop out and driving it sounds like a gunfight.Then you fix it, and it's fun."
,Recommended,516750,28006483,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Casquet,I should move to Finland.
76561198034647031,Recommended,516750,28004391,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Nick Macc,"This game may have some rough edges, and ok the graphics are not top notch, BUT the idea, the beautiful eye watering idea of building a car truly from the ground up is breath taking, how I dreamed of a game for so long, Car mechanic Sim, was a great effort but this game takes the price for realizm.Heres my break down:Pros:- In depth building of the car(s)- Controls are easy once you get used to them.- Handling is pretty good- Wheel support, Clutch/brake/gas feel very real.- Actual mechanics of vehicle stalling- Good survival mechanicsCons:- Graphics and sounds- FFB Support- some aspects of the physics needs work- Some mechanics; when bolting parts or handleing parts needs work- Game can be glicthy at times car will move around while your in it, soemtimes send you flying 50 feet into the airAt its current state, i give it a 6/10 It's hard to give this game a perfect rating, cause DAM i want to, but from a game stand point it really needs some work, but again the idea, the concept is gold 11/10I'll be Sure to update this review once this game gets more and more updates, the very MOMENT this game gets some FFB support and better graphics....I'll be giving this game 10/10!!!"
,Recommended,516750,27908666,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,RadioActiveYeti,Fun game
,Recommended,516750,27907637,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mr Calavera,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,516750,27961116,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Sepizza,"This is one of these games where you get way more than you bargained for. A big pile of steaming AMAZINGNESS!!!What an awesome experience to take pride and joy in buiilding your own car from scratch all while maintaining a job and surviving everyday life necessities. This game tests your skills, patience, and sanity. No doubt is this game extremely fun and enjoyable but also a great learning experience for the unskilled in mechanics."
,Recommended,516750,27531687,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pickle VItamins,"Only one thing ran through my mind when playing this game:Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ I seriously have to build a whole carI thought I’d maybe, like, have to slot a few pieces into places, but even these pieces are in pieces. There’s no way I can do this. I’m terrible at everything. This garage will be my tomb."
,Recommended,516750,27473407,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sk8er 👻,Best septic tank pump truck simulator I've ever played. The driving is tough and fun and I love the mechanic aspects. Most pleasent suprise good game I've experienced in recent memory.
,Recommended,516750,27468647,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Gossgoss,"After several failed attempts and many hours later finished my car.  I Towed it out to get it rated.  Got rear-ended into a ditch by terrible highway driver, tipping my van.  Broke through windshield to get out.  Walked over to the offending car to flip him off and pee on his car whilst yelling obscenities to show my frustration.  He swerved toward me and ran me over.  Game over.  10/10 Will try again."
76561198151950275,Recommended,516750,27470301,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,UnRipped,"After hundreds of bottles of Kalia, countless packs of sausages and couple dead police men who i drove over on my trip to Teimon Kauppa i finally got my summer car up and running.  Then i drank more beer for my success and drove to the closest tree and died. THE END life well spent.10/10"
,Recommended,516750,27522775,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pedro,most dangerous shopping trip ever
76561198145573215,Recommended,516750,27514233,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ProFessionalKiller,Best Game if you like Games with Cars or Car Building or Games where you can♥♥♥♥♥♥around. but the only problem is: I CANT FIND THE DAMN SHOP. its on the other side of FINLAND or where ever the game plays in so my Guy has to constantly Die of Hunger but Game´s Geat 9.89/10
,Recommended,516750,27511931,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,mso,yes
,Recommended,516750,27554805,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Molotovi,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198052594221,Recommended,516750,27556143,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Still Zero #13,"Well, This game is diiferent than rest of them.And thats a good thing."
,Recommended,516750,27435204,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DuckStep3,Time tends to fly by as you play this masterpiece.Totally worth the money!
,Recommended,516750,27557832,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Týr,"This is really a one of a kind game and is really fun to play, however it sometimes becomes too realistic and you find yourself drunk in the middle of the woods without fuel, food or beer :-(:-(:-(:-(:-(:-(But you can swear in finnish so it's a 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,27558266,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Loshie,Died multiple times going to buy groceries 10/10
,Recommended,516750,27571589,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TourettesPanda,"Build a car, drink beer, eat sausage, suck up♥♥♥♥♥♥ pick up your drunk mates and end up in horrible car crashes.Spend hours working on a car, get mad it stops working, realise your engine is completely screwed.11/10 would Finnish Simulator again."
,Recommended,516750,27573570,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,zearey,its darki smell like♥♥♥♥♥♥im drunkmy headgasket is blownring ring ring ring ring
,Recommended,516750,27566507,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,darkkai3,Easiest way to sum up my experience with this game-Bring in help to tell me the instructions-Spent an hour on front suspension-Got hungry and thirsty-Killed myself driving to the store10/10 Would kill myself in a car building game again.
,Recommended,516750,27417126,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Nothing man,Completely realistic Finland -95 simulation
,Recommended,516750,27455830,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Linkka,"Simulator of the year, 5 slow-starting diesel-engines out of 5."
,Recommended,516750,27296802,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Medved,Nice Game
,Recommended,516750,27301075,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Larsu <{:D,gud
76561198100164250,Recommended,516750,27294843,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Lozzyklingers,All this game needs is some ♥♥♥♥♥...Finland..♥♥♥♥ YEAH!
76561197988865639,Recommended,516750,27315540,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rautsi,"Bestest kaljanjuonti, auton kokoamis, saunomis, kusemis, koskenkorva, makkara, Suomi, Finland, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ - Simulaattori 2016."
,Recommended,516750,27456907,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Smatchy,This is a neat little sim that looks to be quite promising.
,Recommended,516750,27437483,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[VIMTO] BESTY#275,Very fun game so much to do and so many hours to play. just if you crash and die then gg. I can see this game going very far
76561197997693320,Recommended,516750,26996860,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Borgenhaust,This is one of those games that skirts the fine line where you should be angry enough to ragequit but just have to try again one more time because each time you're a little closer than the last.It's easy to obsess over the puzzle aspect of the game only to neglect the open sandbox world until you're ready to starve to death in a pool of your own urine.  It's hard to go to sleep when there are so many small eureka moments.
76561198015894736,Recommended,516750,26886249,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ResidentZero,"Beer, beats and a one annoying bird.  Also a car to build."
,Recommended,516750,26915594,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RikkityTick,"The first time a Meme game was worth playing, a true achievment of mankind."
,Recommended,516750,26916355,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FloatyPoint,No other game has perfectly captured the struggle of finding the right f***ing sized wrench for the mother f***ing bolt.
76561198061345220,Recommended,516750,26917357,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,_____Sinister_____,Funnest game i have played in years.
,Recommended,516750,26412301,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Wibu,More Finnish than Angry BirdsMore survival game than DayZMore rally sim than Dirt RallyMore mechanic sim than Car Mechanic SimulatorMore humouristic than South ParkBest music and voice acting
,Recommended,516750,26716005,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,praise the sun,i want to play but it keeps crashing when i load my game please help
76561198075987248,Recommended,516750,26753260,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,The 4th Reich,10/10 Would ♥♥♥♥♥ again
,Recommended,516750,26755920,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Moist Towelette,">Be me>Decide to not work and go messaround with my turd bucket in garage> o♥♥♥♥♥♥out of beer>Journey to store>Go off ♥♥♥♥♥♥ euro dirt ""road"">end up in ditch in van>start cursing at the wheel and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on the seat on the upside down car>Bear Grylls achievement>Unflip pedo van and continue on journey>Get to store after very long time>owner of store talks about young people and them farting> o k>Buy everything I can afford, including 5 cases of beer and lots of sausages>Start journey home after stealing diesel>Pass polis while drinking and doing 20 over speedlimit>Polis ram off road>you cant arrest what you cant catch>Take half empty case of beer and run>on journey home, almost on the final road>hear car, too drunk to care>throw empty beer case at car>sweed gets anger and hits me>dies12/10 would go for beer run and become bear grylls and run from cops to be hit by car again"
,Recommended,516750,26756599,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,JamesWaterville,Amazing game! So much detail in the car building!
76561198028759418,Recommended,516750,26759700,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jake from State Farm,"Despite it's punishing difficulty and narrow focus, this game has suprisingly realistic gameplay mechanics and relateable objectives. My Summer Car perfectly blends the harsh consequences and surreal comedy of building a car in rural Finland."
76561198075313162,Recommended,516750,26685451,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,ุ ̝̬̩͓̯̠ͦ͒ͦ͒̀ͫ̚̚,"I've been looking for a type of game like this for quite some time. So I found this game and it's excellent! A lil buggy but that's because it's new of course. Good game as is right now, but hoping some new cool stuff comes in soon. Looking foward to future updates to this game!"
76561198156449069,Recommended,516750,26715649,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,uncle joee,very good
76561197978909241,Recommended,516750,26802794,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thescaryone,"This game is like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lovechild of Viscera Cleanup Detail, Car Mechanic Simulator, and Euro Truck Simulator. It's ♥♥♥♥ing amazing. If you're thinking of buying it, you should. It's only $15 and the game is excellent and getting rapid updates."
76561198059105314,Recommended,516750,26785744,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OceanSlice,"Completely suprised me, ended up playing it for about 12 hours straight at one point because its so good! If you like cars, you'll like this game a lot."
,Recommended,516750,26787314,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chris,my nakkimuki car (for the badge)
12342342342335423,Recommended,516750,26787572,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Renilo,fixed my car instantly crashed sick game
,Recommended,516750,26790365,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zerrod,"Aside the tedious part of actually getting the car to run, the game is pretty fun. Atleast as car person the cars felt pretty decent to drive even on xbox one controller."
,Recommended,516750,26866945,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✪ KUSH,Most realistic car building simulator ever. 10/10
,Recommended,516750,26823007,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,npChaos,"An exasperatingly, infuriatingly, vexatiously, expasperatingly specific game about rubbing wrenches against bolts for 4 hours before crashing your poorly built car into the woods.  All while consuming enough beer to obliterate your bladder.If you make it to the highway be prepared for techno-backed road rage, curiously stoic police officers, indecipherable road signs and the soul-crushing bureaucratic process of vehicle inspections.Oh and there's some wood to chop, septic tanks to suck, races to win, and sausages to eat.Can sometimes suffer from buggy physics, poor performance, and tedium from an elaborate not-quite-sim vehicle assembly.Don't forget the fan belt."
,Recommended,516750,26829309,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,chifu77,"driving in a poop truck on finnish rally roads, drinking PEER, what else do you need?"
,Recommended,516750,26835895,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tekenge,"Probably the most amazing game ever. I died 7 times going to the store the first time, and then died heading back. I learned how little I knew about cars as well, too. More challenging than Dark Souls.P.S.: Consider voting this game for ""I thought it was cool before it won"" if you're looking to buy.P.P.S.: ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197997620519,Recommended,516750,26842383,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,sorsimus,Exellent game. Just brilliant
76561198131381498,Recommended,516750,26846434,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kilimore,This is just amazing
,Recommended,516750,26871637,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bergotronic,Game will make you drink.
,Recommended,516750,26870254,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Baylo75,"I had a lot of fun with this game, Can be frustrating at times with the permadeath, but that ads to the fun.  Highly recommended"
76561198099782560,Recommended,516750,26560100,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Sx Väcceriinö,good game
,Recommended,516750,26807334,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,M/S,best rally sim to date
,Recommended,516750,26808937,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Aoki4444,"I hate how all the games are quite the same now.But THIS, this is one of a kind. It's not just car assamble game. Even though that's a big part of it.It's basically life of finnish man in the 90s sim.So you need to work, and his work is quite dirty, he cleans feces tanks, or cuts wood. You need to watch his hunger, thirst, tireness and keep him clean by going to the sauna.Oh you also gotta pee. Peeing is quite functional, like you can pee up and remove your thirst, or you can go pee on the sauna stones and ""enjoy"" the smell.Basically you need to keep track of everything, to have food, to have gas in your cars, and money.Meanwhile you assamble a car, starting from engine and right to the enterior. Dont forget to get it to inspection and get your license plates..There's so much into it, and so much potential, they keep updating it, so if you buy it you'll have many days of fun.TBH I didn't own the game when I first tried it, but I bought it the next day. No regrets."
76561197984991030,Recommended,516750,26806565,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jashka,Would recommend for anyone who likes to play games more than just few hours when it's finished.
76561197980643202,Recommended,516750,26830627,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Asesci,"My Summer Car is a video game set in the 90s Finland, back when the ""man and Hiace"" stereotype applied to sole proprietors and other freelancers. Beer was colder, men were men, and cars were built to last a lifetime. Although, in My Summer Car, the car you are supposed to build may not actually last a lifetime. At least not if you are planning to play as a ""mortal"", a variation of hardcore mode in the game, and love to put the pedal to the metal.But whatever you're going to do, My Summer Car is definitely a recommended purchase, especially if you are interested in Finland or the Finnish culture. The game is hilarious and surprisingly addictive. There's several activities that can be done and more are on the way as they are being developed.Right now you can: drink beer, drink and drive, go to sauna, drive whilst being sober (boring), chop firewood and transport said firewood using a tractor, drive a silt truck and empty people's cesspools for money, participate in a racing tournament, evade Finnish cops whilst being completely hammered, and much more!"
,Recommended,516750,26845197,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MoonMan,After playing this game I now have autism.10/10
76561198008915230,Recommended,516750,26850214,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sundae!,"Spent hours driving to a store, just to be slammed into by a drunk a**hole in a green car.10/10 would crash again"
,Recommended,516750,26846922,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Josh.,A game that's already better in early access than most AAA titles on release.
,Recommended,516750,26849541,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WhistlingWilly,Best game i've ever played.
,Recommended,516750,26875243,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,brundi,Kaliaa ja bensalenkkareita
,Recommended,516750,28405281,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Zanther,Would flip septic truck again running into techno dbag.
76561198116911641,Recommended,516750,28428667,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Birdalainen,Very good game
76561198145023275,Recommended,516750,28514435,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The12thDan,"Ok, this game is pretty sweet. I don't know much about cars, let alone how to put one together from the ground up. But, I slowly started to figure it out. The side jobs in this game are pretty fun and it adds another layer to the game to help further build up your ride. As of right now there's only the one car in the game that you can fix up, and hopefully soon they'll add in more. I paid $15 for this game and so far it's been worth every penny."
,Recommended,516750,27253614,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Subv1sa,Beer + sauna 10/10
,Recommended,516750,28490264,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,NahoJ,♥♥♥♥ings great game! but so many bugs and♥♥♥♥♥♥with the engine innstallation.. :( waiting for the game to get updated! :D
76561198247698610,Recommended,516750,28084971,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Daman3343,this is some thing annoying my anti virus software keeps thinking this game is malware and i dont know why plz fix this and plz make the van easier to control. and make a easyer way to lift the car.
76561198136006809,Recommended,516750,28526063,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jay GTA 5 190,sick game!i love to build cars and race them
76561198122405764,Recommended,516750,28209462,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,decypher4200,"I want to like this game so bad.. I mean there is a ton of stuff to love about it and on top of that it is cheap. However like other reviews have said this game is the most frustrating game I have ever played bar none. I have died bumping a tree slower than people walk, If you get stuck out at night well just give it up and go make you a sandwich and wait for morning because you will only be able to see enough to get you lost or killed. Does not need to be that dam dark devs.. Idk where your from but I have never had a night that I wouldnt be able to see a hand waving in front of my face. The sauna sounds like a good idea but in practice is just annoying. The other drivers on the road are out to kill you and that can be a problem if bumping trees will kill you. The towing mechanics need some work for sure and you should be able to call a tow truck to pick up cars that you have wrecked. That would be more real than what you currently have to do.The building of the car is really cool tho and tuning it for drag or rally or what ever mix you want is awesome too. This is already a really good game especialy for the money and could be one of the best ever made if they can address certain problems and get back to ""the fun"". Dont forget why we play games.. to have fun. simulator or not we do it for fun. If the game starts to feel too much like work well I might as well just go to work."
76561198085549973,Recommended,516750,28185011,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,STOPCAtt,"Early access but definately playable in its early state... This games got it all... survival, permadeath, simulation. You can get drunk and cut wood.. you can get drunk and drive. You can do anything drunk!  Clear septic systems build the best rally car to eventually compete in a time trial."
,Recommended,516750,28188455,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,cashiimo,"My first 6 hours of this game was a continuous session, in which a buddy and me copied 2 videos on assembling the engine. Many frustrating moments, many google searches on how to do stuff when you ""finnally"" give up. But once that small engine fits neatly into your engine compartment, all the pieces are there, and that car starts for the first time, it will ALL feel so worth it!And then the real game begins. You need fluids to keep the small car you have built, running. It would probably also run better with some tuning, look better without all that rust, etc. It definitely also run better with some new spoilers, that's just pure logic right there!But all that stuff costs money! And you have several ways of making that sweet, sweet mark. Pump disgusting goo out of peoples poo-well, chop wood and drive tractors, or drive your neighbour (that for some reason lives across the map) home from the pub after recieving a 0230 am phone call waking you up.But that is, IMO, not the main attraction to the game. It's the incredible detail into how the engine behaves, all depending on well you have put it together. My first mistake was not tightening a bolt from my fuel line into the tank, which made it loose fuel at an incredible rate. Some brakelines weren't tightened properly, and i went through 4 bottles of braking fluid before realising i should probably try rolling the car over the pit in the garage and have another look at the lines.All that kind of small details is what makes this game excellent. You will both love and hate this game at the same time, that i can promise you. A game worth it's cost at any price."
76561198191364338,Recommended,516750,28183712,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,"DONALD TRUMP, WALL COP",Really good game looking forwards to the future updates.10/10
76561198048144904,Recommended,516750,28152272,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,90bowdragon,I wish there was a pause button
76561198239637888,Recommended,516750,28204940,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Moschmaster94,"very great game, you can do so much stuff. i hope the devs keep it updated. so much fun. what a great game!"
,Recommended,516750,28202202,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Misse.TJTCS,good games makes you drink beer and go to saunaafter work must like relax with the kalia 3 beeryes
,Recommended,516750,28330827,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Nico(XXXX),"Very good game, fantastic idea and a fantastic execution! I hope the publisher implement some new things like a new car to build etc."
,Recommended,516750,28335729,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,ATOMIC-ZOMBAY,Its pretty fun they need to add to were when you find those old cars around the map you can buy engines to build and alot more parts like brakes rims all that so you can fix them up that would be fun need to add more cars that you can build to please!!!! would make the game way more fun one care and within 30 hours not fun anymore just boring but very fun game (:
,Recommended,516750,28330186,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,thetarget3,"Spent 37 hours getting a car built, died on the way to vehicle inspection.10/10, would play again."
76561198204043948,Recommended,516750,28321170,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,JDaddy,"Great game but.... there needs to be an option for more direction. Because there is no instructions in the game, you spawn and get a scraped out car and all the parts are in the garage. it is a very time consuming game and very difficult."
76561198089545928,Recommended,516750,28340644,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,MCM,"I woke up in my home one early afternoon with a case of beer and a pack of sausages on my kitchen table.Not really thinking anything in particular, I wandered around my house and tried to turn the TV on. I didn't know how so I decided to check out my room. I tried to turn the boom box on but no luck with that either.Eventually I end up outside staring at a body of a broken down car. A van is also close buy but I can't understand the Finnish on the side of the vehicle.I decide to go for a drive to the store, so I pack my sausages and beer and spend 15 minutes trying to start the van and another 5 minutes to put it in gear.The afternoon is waning as I follow a dirt path to where I think a town might be. A fork in the road. I can't read the Finnish signs but decide to go right anyway. Now, it's dusk and I'm still driving. I only see trees for what seems like miles. I realize I'm not paying attention and I begin to veer right off the dirt path before my vehicle descends head first into a shallow ditch.Uh oh. The gears won't work and I'm maxing out at only 5KPH. Something wasn't right.It's now pitch black and I'm in the middle of the woods. My headlights barely illuminating the dirt road. I'm in the car alone. Quiet except for a dog barking somewhere off in the distance. I try to turn the radio on but I can't figure it out. This simple problem pushes me over the edge and I begin to drink the case of beer sitting next to me. After three drinks, I devour the sausages.Now quenched and satiated, I resign to leave the broken van and walk. I grab my case of beer and leave. As I stray far from the headlights, the world is ungodly black. I look back. I can't even see the car anymore. To gauge my movement down the dirt road, I look at the tops of the trees to see that I'm actually making forward progress.The beer clanks around in the case, and the disembodied dog howl continues through the quiet summer night. I don't know how far the next town is and I begin to feel uneasy. I stop and have a beer as I consider my options.Then, I see a large antenna sticking out on the horizon, two steady red-flashing lights are affixed at the top and I soon remember the same fixture from earlier in the day. That's near my house!I stray from the dirt road and head towards the flashing lights. Among the trees, I am extremely aware of my anxiety. If only I could just get home.Heartbreak hits as I trudge to the edge of a large lake and realize the antenna is on the other side. I drink another beer and begin my swim. Twenty minutes later, my body is severely fatigued. But I'm so close to the antenna and so close to my bed. Surely, this will all be worth it.Finally, I clamour up the opposite shore and set a course through the woods when I realize something that confuses and frustrates me. The tree line is just a facade! It's like a virtual wall. What is this? How can this be? Is my life a set? Is my life just a Truman Show knockoff? I stand there on the shore, bewildered and scared of my own humanity in this...this...constructed world, this fiction. Beyond this existential worry, I am physically dying from exhaustion. Excepting of my new fate, I decide to drink the remaining 9 beers in my case all at once. I feel good. The world is spinning and it all seems petty now. I begin to mutter drunken gibberish while♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥recklessly. I flip off the sky and the fake trees and I'm laughing at it all. What a state. I left to go to the store and now I'm going to die alone and drunk at dawn on some secluded beachfront. I laugh again and I look across the lake thinking this might be my last view I ever take in. Then, I see my house sitting neatly between a patch of trees across a more narrrow section of the lake.I-I can make it. Wasting no time, I jump into the water and swim for all my strength. I can't see straight from my drunkedness but my course is true. After all of this, I'm actually going to make it! Yes, I can see it, the dock, my boat, my kitchen light that I left on as I expected to show up late at night - 6 hours ago. But no matter! It's almost middle morning. Thunder is rumbling closer and closer but I would be inside before the rain began. At last, I touched land once again. My house stood only 50 yards away. My body had taken a beating and I began...walking...really...slow...and...I looked at the...kitchen...window and...thought about how close I had come. But then, I collapsed. Dead. A heart attack is what they said in the paper the next day.The game is weird. But you will have your own unique stories to go with it. The anecdotes are fun and the simulation feels accurate and hilariously satirical. Don't play this like a regular video game, take your time and embrace the learning curve. Your most memorable moments will be when you lost a part for the car or forgot to eat, or ran out of gas 6KM from your home in the middle of the night. Go for this game. It's a uniquely fun experience."
76561198133233803,Recommended,516750,28521267,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,MomoSlayer34,"This game is really good, i have played it too much and i still want to play it more."
,Recommended,516750,26941431,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vikingsås,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ jumalauta♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Suprisingly fun little game. Buy it if you've got nothing to do and just want to tell someone to bugger off in finnish.
,Recommended,516750,26938339,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,☠☣MORDACZ☣☠,The game is great only one thing to add is multilayer.
76561198025502033,Recommended,516750,26950000,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,an annoying git,"Before I played this my car knowledge consisted of the Gran Turismo 3 intro video. After I played it I could tell that someones fan belt was loose just by the sound.  MSC would have taught me other things but I already knew how to pass out drunk in a ditch and get electrocuted.This game is far better than it ahould be, bless you crazy Finnish dev."
,Recommended,516750,26956553,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Witik_,"the only game i know of where i can build a car and then drive it to pick up a drunk man that has no shirt on and has♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥himself to bring him to who the hell knows where only to end up driving off the road and killing myself, 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,26948153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,OssQ,Can you get any closer to being Finnish than in this game? Probably not.
,Recommended,516750,26236919,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,itsBinq,I died to a phone after finally building my car whilst fully intoxicated... 10/10 Would Finland again
76561198084882744,Recommended,516750,27055091,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Verre,I first went to buy a case of beer from my local store. Then I managed to roll my car over in a ditch. Had to tow it back home so I could fix it. Then I started playing My Summer Car and the day was saved.
,Recommended,516750,27052402,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Synyster Nänni,En mä tätä kirjottelis tässä ellen sais merkkiä
76561197997086347,Recommended,516750,27040057,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,primusunit,"Just nominated this in the ""Most Original Game Idea""-Category for an Steam Award."
,Recommended,516750,30926458,Posted: 3 April,all,Turb0,"From what I gathered, the aim is to rebuild your dads car to a rally specification to rally it. Which is great because my dad is a rally driver, i love rally.However,Along the way I found the subwoofer and stereo in the catalog and decided to purchase.I installed them into my car and tested it.Being a basshead, I added bass boosted songs. This is where my speakers blew up, when you have a subwoofer installed the game enhances the bass on the tracks you've place in your Radio folder. It sounded amazing.Now this where I had a big decision, Rally or Bass?Undecided, I now have a Rally car with some extra weight to blast my tunes out. Not great idea realistically but still managed 1st place in the rally.In all seriousness though, for people who came to find a legitimate review, the game is a great game and very time consuming however one small hiccup and you've lost it all so I suggest making frequent backups. Very entertaining and keeps you busy constantly. Once your car is finished you also get a very proud sensation come over you in that you built this car all yourself and it works."
,Recommended,516750,26359702,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,DefaultPlayer,"Awesome game. Sad that its in beta/early access. The game looks great. 1 problem. At the shop id you choose items i think you cant put them back or anything, but everything else is awesome. Maybe a larger map? Be sure to watch youtube tutorials if your new to the game. I already built my car wrong10/10 Would listen to my character swear in finnish again. :D"
,Recommended,516750,26975564,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Her0,its just a very intreaguing game
,Recommended,516750,26980093,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Midds,Takes more time to stack everything neatly in the kitchen than it does to assemble an entire engine.10/10
76561198030289079,Recommended,516750,26999746,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kwik Kicks,Great game. Worth the buy if you enjoy a game you will probably die a few time in. Lots of exploring and problem solving to do with no help at all in the game. Very challenging and very satisfying.
,Recommended,516750,27034963,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,//,i wanna die10/10
,Recommended,516750,27093730,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rasmus,An unforgiving experience of surviving in Finland. My Summer Car is a game that makes you regret a simple thing like going to store to buy some milk.
,Recommended,516750,27104593,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darcas,10/10 got my first car started up and died cause the breaks were not working
76561198014388094,Recommended,516750,26221523,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,rane,ei voi muuta sanoo ku hattuu nostaa 5/5
76561198257479484,Recommended,516750,26246439,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Prako,"Me as a real mechanic,this game is REALLY REALISTIC. I really reccomend for the people who really intersted in rebuilding car and maintenance. there are a lot of parts to be assembled with. It needs patience though. Please make a MOTORCYCLE DLC !!!!"
76561198044619473,Recommended,516750,26252020,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Nameless,Can run skyrim on max settingsCan't run this game on lowest settings.From what I did play 10 fps out of 10. Will come back when better optimised
,Recommended,516750,27254047,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Prodigy,I'm not Finnish enough... yet.
,Recommended,516750,27250744,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HUUTISTA LASKEILLE,A nice game even if you aren't a petrolhead. The car building is fun and it feels so good when you finish building and tuning your car just to crash it in the rally and almost die :D
76561198075146527,Recommended,516750,27287224,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neighbor,Teimo is my spirit animal
,Recommended,516750,27350340,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Patchman,This game is so freakin awesome.  I feel like it was made for me.  If you like working on cars and driving games this game is a blast.  It is very buggy at times but I'm sure that will get better over time.
,Recommended,516750,27365513,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,D4rK H4r8in93r,"Have played this game for several hours now and I can say, this game is hilarious.  I would totally recommend this game to anyone looking for something to play that you can pick up and play for a few minutes or hours on end.  I can't wait to see where this game goes in the future."
,Recommended,516750,27362597,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DARKLY | K1LL3R KiTT€N,makes you cry hard
,Recommended,516750,27377014,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[ĜĞ] Fortune,I fell into a septic tank and died
76561198053771369,Recommended,516750,27377535,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Monast,"So much fun, I would recommend this to anyone remotely close to being a car guy or gal"
,Recommended,516750,27344864,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Boat,One of the few games that lets you♥♥♥♥♥♥in your own face out of frustration.
,Recommended,516750,27347697,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,o.g dan,"This game contains hours of fun. Always something to work on. If you want to fix your car, do it. If you want to pump sewage and make a few bucks, go for it. This game is absolutely amazing. game iz lit XDDDD"
76561198021967176,Recommended,516750,27386924,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Louis C.K. On Ice,I play alot of games and boy this sure is one.
76561198057470987,Recommended,516750,27385650,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Emo57,Very fun if you like building cars.
76561197980537013,Recommended,516750,27349446,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Paranlol,True to finnish roots of living the life
76561198021350348,Recommended,516750,27379397,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shambles,"This is one of the most unique games I think I've played. Drink, eat, build a car, and pump the sewage out of everyones sistern. Don't know if I speld that correctly, but I can't wait for this game to develop further. There's a lot of potential here. Definitely check this out."
,Recommended,516750,27371685,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ladder Guy,"Build a car while existing on sausages and beer, then♥♥♥♥♥♥in the radiator. 10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥in radiator again."
,Recommended,516750,27370100,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kenny Powers,I know how to build a car. But for some reason it took me longer to learn the mechanics of the game and to find all the bolts (which can be a pain the first time around) I hope they had more stuff to the game. Really damn fun!
,Recommended,516750,27357923,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jawsoflife353,"I don't even know where to begin with this game. It has everything, it is a survival game, it is a driving game, it is an economy management game, it is an amazing game. The whole idea is that you are a Finnish dude who has a car that is in pieces is his garage and you want to rebuild it and enter it in a rally. At your disposal, you have a few other vehicles: there is a semi truck with a sewage attachment, a tractor with a log trailer, a van, and a boat. There is also a muscle car you can find. The closest shop is about 6 kilometers away and that shop provides your lifeblood. Everything you need can be purchased there. Why are you reading this? Go buy it!"
,Recommended,516750,27358284,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Al Bundy,This game is pure awesomeness!
76561197972633680,Recommended,516750,27356873,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HennessyTranny,Best game in a long time. Will recommend to everyone. Good job guys.
,Recommended,516750,26779605,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,FlawFull,This is the greatest car building game ever! Great finnish work!
,Recommended,516750,26781178,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,el_Hessu,Puu käveli tielleR.I.P Hayosiko
,Recommended,516750,26781251,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Vihuri,Juu kan bild ö kaar and draiv it veri fast and dai on tö vei tu te sop to bai sum bier.
,Recommended,516750,26770312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[VeC] Jarzon,Gud gaem
,Recommended,516750,26769517,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,vilujesuz,5/5
,Recommended,516750,26333635,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Bear Arms,"If you like cars and have a lot of time and patience, get this game..."
,Recommended,516750,26896586,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zepe,Best of the best.
,Recommended,516750,26895416,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,anima vestra,If you think you know anything about cars you should buy this game just to realize how little you actually know and become a pile of dissapointment and confusion.
,Recommended,516750,26885338,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dolpªn,get car -> die car -> repeat )))))
76561197961713778,Recommended,516750,26878721,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zero5,I knew nothing about cars before this. I can now say that I know something about cars. Thanks My Summer Car!
76561198018862094,Recommended,516750,26908077,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B0rkk1,>Drink full bottle of vodka with one sip>Go drive>Try stay on the road>Avoid policesMaybe the most finnish game!
,Recommended,516750,26831539,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Construction Paper,I got drunk and crashed in a ditch.
76561198030873738,Recommended,516750,26833919,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,etmix,"It's great if you love cars. No tutorials though, so you are on your own (which is a good thing)."
,Recommended,516750,26856306,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BrynTwrog,Amazing beer drinking simulator. what do you mean im supposed to build a car? i thought i was just here for a sauna.
,Recommended,516750,27556679,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pettymyksen perämoottori,"If you have wondered how finnish summer looked in 90s you have come to the right place. Drink beer and eat sausages and build your very own car from the begining and have no guide and any idea what goes where, because you took it apart yesterday while under influense of alcohol."
76561198025552718,Recommended,516750,27607298,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Grahamchan,some good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,516750,27600929,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Hundred,"Somehow lower quality but, simultaneously better than most early-access games on steam. A bit pricey to be honest however, it has alot of potential."
,Recommended,516750,27627803,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MEGAHeinz,"Best Simulation game ever!!!!If you like Car Sims, and know a bit about cars and how they work, GET THE GAME-its hard, its brutal but passing the car inspection is great, and then the tuning starts.Very playable till now, a few bugs and glitches. but for EA it is pretty good!So, i stop writing now, have to fix my engine."
,Recommended,516750,27614960,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MAd,Kjeh kjeh 5/5
,Recommended,516750,27743316,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fy5x,"Quality Game, Legit simulator for nearly everything known to man kind... $15 well spent!"
,Recommended,516750,27682054,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Joe Lund,A very well made early access game that is alot of fun to play all day
,Recommended,516750,27683969,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,wooGz,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197993557226,Recommended,516750,27684865,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Plumpin' Cat,"2016 GOTYMany of the issues that plagued the initial alpha version release are now fixed and devs seem to be moving in the right direction. It shows great promise, throw your money at this company, this is what we need."
,Recommended,516750,27686700,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BlazinDays,"fantastic game, needs a little work around the edges but out of the many games i play on steam this one deserves an award, takes time, skill and patience for everything to run smoothly. frustratingly fun, and great feeling of success when everything finally works and the car fires over."
,Recommended,516750,27703670,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DeliciousThree,Best Gamer ever 11/10
76561198036357192,Recommended,516750,27688358,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,wergles,I'm loving it so far.
,Recommended,516750,27847909,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Go Gav Yourself,If you're into games with no directions and Finnish culture this is for you
76561198306310039,Recommended,516750,27869650,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DankSquidward,Best Game EVER!
76561198126261266,Recommended,516750,27868852,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Salty Pig,this game needed to be made and now i need another one. it is an awessome way to drink beer and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off all while having agreat time. good challange make you feel great about what you can get dont in a day of the life of a poop pumping drunk.  10/10 would pump poop again.
,Recommended,516750,27862936,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Fishtickles,Proof that it's not story or graphics that make a game great; it's all in the gameplay.Also this is how a early access game should be; feature rich at lanch with steady imrpovements released soon after.
76561198096224975,Recommended,516750,26635432,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Nightmare,"This could have vr to it and multiplayer could speedy up progresse or 2-8 player's.There much more to add it in there  also i see alot of good behind this type of game mechanic,I wounder if there's gonna be a apportunity of other car type to build in the future (possibility of upgrading the van and tracktor)?I see old warehouse and big ones too is there a possibility to get car part's by are self and  car shell's to start from zero once again ?Maybe if they have the time change the some skin layout around for better look's or optional and fill in all the need of this game has to offer in bigger  map or other map location."
76561198164427852,Recommended,516750,26746994,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,CommissionerRock,Great Game!
,Recommended,516750,26747566,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,POLYLE,"Only play mortal mode.At 28 hours, I finally completed the car and died 6 times. It was a wild ride!♥♥♥♥♥♥in the radiator, drink 48 bottles of beer while watching TOPLESS GUN and black out. Wake up in the woods and drive a boat to town, go to the graveyard and♥♥♥♥♥♥on your graves.Drain people's septic tanks and empty it on their lawn.Very very good. Buy game, early access and still excellent."
,Recommended,516750,26819731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Oldgrain,"Fun, yet frustrating when you forget to tighten that one bolt or forget to put in that one part and your car just explodes."
76561198089413825,Recommended,516750,26737770,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Tomtomi4,This Finnish good!
76561198089550147,Recommended,516750,26804575,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lordas Voldemortas,Hardest simulator ever.
76561198130370262,Recommended,516750,26803828,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,LtDew,Super funny game to play
,Recommended,516750,26804949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Deblobman,I have no idea what I'm doing. My buddy is holding my hand through all of this. And i still ♥♥♥♥ed it all up. 10/10 would ♥♥♥♥ up again. Hilarious and complicated and true to life car simulator that is worth getting in early access
76561198145387547,Recommended,516750,30868974,Posted: 31 March,all,RUINER,"I know more about cars now then most people who build them for a hobby...Get ready to be more proud at pixles then your failure son you neglect because of the amount of time you put into this game.Work, buy parts, work harder, SURVIVE, work your hardest, and fall down a sewage hole and DIE.This is the DARK SOULS of life sims, no more then a hard to save function in a game where death is around every corner.Work on your pride and joy for ten hours, then try starting it, and it dosent work!!! Go though it, make sure the batteries in place, and you lined up the belt properly, *Start engine* Get it reving, it dosent move, Fix more, Get it moving at a reasonable pace, *ENGINE BLOWS* ENGINE FLUID ALL OVER YOUR WINDSHIELD, SCREWS POPPING OUT ALL OVER THE PLACE LIKE BULLETS, *CRASH INTO TREE*. Lucky to be alive... Look at your child, smashed to pieces, longest walk home. start again..."
,Recommended,516750,26912957,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stain The Bed™©,"Building your car while getting drunk, I've spent many hours trying to build the car, It is finished, all done, starts but WON'T DRIVE, maybe I shouldn't of drank so much while playing this game (yeah it makes you want a drink everytime he drinks)"
,Recommended,516750,26909795,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sgt. spiderr,Melhor jogo da steam.
,Recommended,516750,26748183,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,BroSephari,Amazing game. You will love to hate it.
,Recommended,516750,26644738,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,XSpaceSquidX,15e well spend this is one of the few early access games that i have enjoyed so muchthere is some bugs here and there but what the hell most games that are out for years now still have a ton of bugs this one is just came out and is amazing for it's price.some more missions would be appreciatted.if you don't get frustrated too easy and you like driving around drink beers and eat macaroni after a day full of crap and have fun this game is for you
,Recommended,516750,26738898,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Ash,The death song is my jam. You'll hear it a lot.
76561197960276706,Recommended,516750,26711401,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Morbid Chef,"After tons of beer and frustration, get car running.Do lots of crappy jobs to buy all tuning parts.Take part in Suvi sprint, realizing you can't handle the car you've built (with a keyboard at least).♥♥♥♥♥♥on your vehicle and get wasted.10/10."
,Recommended,516750,26740358,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Pwnisher,Only managed to die 7 times before I reached town.
76561198331154920,Recommended,516750,26715877,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,rattyalice,"when i go in the game and i turn, i dont know if its my computer or what but it always laggs when i walk and turn."
76561198039976361,Recommended,516750,26910755,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WonderBallz,Not♥♥♥♥♥
76561198131496288,Recommended,516750,26908516,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,janbs C:,is nice yes
76561198017920009,Recommended,516750,26928797,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Genji,Thanks to this game I'm now a certified mechanic.
,Recommended,516750,26922672,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jaden,Definitely one of my favorite puzzle car simulator games! Even with some fun jokes in it! Masterpiece!
76561197985035132,Recommended,516750,26919105,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SiqAta,"If you don't take games too seriously and enjoy a game that is tough as hell, then this might be the one for you.This one puts your knowledge of internal combustion engines, your nerves and your driving sim skills to the ultimate test. Welcome to Finland in the mid-90's where roads are bad, life is cheap and job opportunities are literally full of crap.Great way to play this game is to try to match the beer consumption IRL while drinking in game."
,Recommended,516750,26931606,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,VinZe,"Intresting game, for car building, has potential, definetly worth a try !"
,Recommended,516750,26931615,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Brandonb56,Made a car took 7 hours.Got ran over by Mr Green and died 10 Seconds later10/10
,Recommended,516750,26935258,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Napkinface,"Do you like cars? Do you like beer? Do you like sausages? Do you like saunas? Do you hate mosquitos?If you answered yes to any of these questions, ""My Summer Car"" might be for you! Especially if you said ""Yes"" to saunas...just make sure to clean the rocks if you pee on them, ok?"
76561198090955422,Recommended,516750,26934219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Gagers™,"Great Game, though i cant do s**t in it because Im paul walker and cant drive.1st time> Crash van into tree by house, die, but permadeath is off> Go to get van, realize i have to sacrifice sewage truck> Build part of engine, car frame beat to pulp trying to shove it into the garage> Take van to town to get gas> Succesful trip> feel accomplished> driving home start breaking to turn> Keyboard breaking = slamming breaks> finish people cant drive> get rearended> roll 20 times> crash into tree upside down> die2nd play (permadeath enables because it doesnt matter, you die either way you lose something very important)> Start building car> 2 hours later, decide to work on frame and suspension> shove car into garage with van> car off center, cant get under the front for suspencion> try to put it on anyways> glitches and pushes car into wall> have to figure out how to get car out> Start pushing it with gear box> fail, just made it worse> car looks like a twizzler its so dented> give up, decide to get some food> succes, know to check mirros before turn> feel like getting muscle car cus why not, van takes 10 minuts to start> get muscle car, abandon van> drive home safe and sound> neighbor calls to be picked up> driving him home, speed past cops> cops triggered> try to outrun cops, too easy> decide want to see what its like to get pulled over> pull over a mile infront of cop> minute later hear the cop> cop doesnt even tap the break> rear ends me> both me and my neighbor fly out window> dead> so triggered quit game> to lazy to spend 5 hours to crash with my poor driving skills11/10 would drink and drive again"
76561198038428689,Recommended,516750,26933351,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Elvin,"I don't even, great game"
76561198311601360,Recommended,516750,27437511,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,pelimies00,this game is awesome
,Recommended,516750,27436555,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Best G18 NA,DUI simulator 2016 in a nutshell.
,Recommended,516750,27108878,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,TazDuiveltje,"The next best thing since running water!Just do whatever you like, but don't die."
76561197986280626,Recommended,516750,26980423,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jurisprudential,"There’s nothing quite like the adrenaline rush you get from speeding along a Finnish back road at 100km/h whilst knocking back another beer. Whilst driving a car you cobbled together with, I can only assume, car parts you acquired from the local scrapyard.5/7 - Would understeer into a tree again."
76561197994717629,Recommended,516750,27443047,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,m!3Zto,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator 5000
76561198059843614,Recommended,516750,26366053,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,KITE,到现在一辆车都没组装好
,Recommended,516750,26377724,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Thomass➫,good job vodka ! n1
,Recommended,516750,26377938,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,_ABTJ,"How do I get it to run on my 950m, I think its automaticly going on my intergrated graphics as I get 12 fps :/Thank You!"
76561197998453578,Recommended,516750,26374945,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Muso,"I love the concept of this game. Its got some work to do but its still great fun if not a little frustrating at times. The building of the car if fiddly and very hard to line up the car parts on occassion. The physics bugs out and flips the care sometimes as you are trying to work on it which is very annoying, but its really satisfying when you get it assembled and fire it up for the first time!I would like to see this game develop further with bug fixes and more content. It could lead to be a huge game involving lots of vehicles to build etc... I hope it does!If you are into cars, like puzzles and want to test your patience then buy this game!"
,Recommended,516750,26375428,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,RoÆther,"[[PLEASE NOTE]] to fully enjoy this game you should know some basic principles of how an engine works. I wouldn't say you have to be a mechanic, but without basic understanding of exactly how an engine works, you'll be lostIt is a good game, but needs workLong Review:You start out just like the description: with a garage full of random parts and the empty shell of your new car... along with a van, a packet of sausage, and a 24 case of beerOh, and you're in Finland :3Anywho, my game in essence went like this0. About 20 minutes working with my Anti-Virus (Kaspersky) because it thought the game was a TrojanLife 1. get some good work done on the engine, crash into a tree on way to store for food...Life 2. Attempt 2 to build engine... end of trying to go to store, flip van, and die of dehydration...Decided after this to try and just end up exploring BEFORE I made progress... which ended up in multiple deaths that can be summed up by this videohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7BiKZbKffkThe game has potential, and could REALLY go far, but it needs more to do besides just ""build a car"". One thing I would like to see would be the ability to work on other cars. You can find a handful of other cars in the countryside here, why can't I work on those? Also, maybe more places to go and more things to explore.In current state, 6/10, it has promise, but needs work and more features"
,Recommended,516750,26323740,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Migsu,"You should add more items to buy/find, more buildings, maybe a motorbike/ bike, more missions, events etc. It's already pretty good game even in the early access version!"
76561198159849014,Recommended,516750,26360835,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,ArgoniteAxe,"This game will make you mad like really mad. impossible to install part on the car without beating giant dents in it or knocking the windshield out. But at the end of the day its a great game  getting lost, drunk and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on cops its just good fun and worth your time IF you like cars and engines and survival elements like bathing and sleeping 9/10 would run off road and die again."
76561198090759687,Recommended,516750,26361155,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,sigveR,"Start building my car almoste done with all suspension and exterior, get hungry.drives to the store.get pulled over by a cop.some idiotic spedding driver hits me in the back.and i died...start over againreapeat x5"
76561198304666731,Recommended,516750,26362505,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,NorwayGamer2,♥♥♥♥ing amazing game it is worht it 100% some small bugs and things that could be improved but ♥♥♥♥ing worth it!
76561197965685051,Recommended,516750,26362641,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Teppo69,"Fixed my car, had a beer, went to sauna, had more beer, started the game, repeated everything in game.The most Finnish game/simulator by kilometers. 5/5 prkele!"
,Recommended,516750,26362874,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Boom! Headshot,Really cool little indie game. Check it out.
,Recommended,516750,26366555,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sarsam133,"It's the perfect match of very realistic simulation and cheeky humor. I suggest this game for simulation players such as farm sim, flight sim, euro truck etc.Your task might seem daunting at first with all of the shelves of parts but a simple guide will help you along the way. Also, perma death is only for people with balls of steel but I suggest giving it a try before you have a save you don't want to lose. Watch out for the green speed demon on the highway into town, he will take you out."
76561198211895483,Recommended,516750,26366594,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,bobbycarverton,"lopve the game so far.. but noticed some minor details that are kinda bugging me..-that  fly noise is nothing but annoying-no real tutorial-problem with starting the van maybe a bug (sometimes the van does not start)-problem with engine fitting-gameplaywise, its a little buggy with the movements of the character can't push the car if the engine is not in-should have a ``to do list`` so you dont have to write down everything you gotta do-needs a easier way to choose the right size of spanners-needs improovement on how to assemble the car (its really hard to do so without watching a walktrough)there is a lot of improovements to do to make this a fully playable and enjoyable game but they nailed down the concept of a backyard mechanic. i truly love the idea and give the devs full support for the game.please continue to work on it and update the game often.the devs are on the right way to something really truely good.thumbs up !"
76561197977487884,Recommended,516750,26364194,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Otis P. Jivefunk,"This makes me soooo happy, I have never had this much fun and frustration in a game ever and I LOVE IT! Please keep up the awesome work!!!"
76561197988540060,Recommended,516750,26364195,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,[MRA]GrayLobo,Off the bat i want to say this game is amazing realistic with conditions. If you dont know anything about engines or cars this will be a nightmare without watching some youtube vedios on it but lets just say after putting 50 hours into it over multipule lives (you can turn hardcore mode off durring the start of the game) This is one of the best perches this year for me. It's simply a very well made game and i highly encourade anyone who's play car mechanic and wanted more to come hear and give it a try. and for 14 bucks its hard to go wrong.
,Recommended,516750,26364217,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,oshie | ⚛,100% mechanic meme.
,Recommended,516750,26316048,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,SpaceMuffinAlex,Its not done. Its a lot more finnished than many other games though.Edit: finaly saved up enough for sick 3 peice race exaust. Go to get car registered. Fail because of exaust. Crushing realism/10
76561197972955547,Recommended,516750,26355777,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Miholu,"This is the most irritating game ever! In a good way though!Spend your day working on your car, and when its finally driveable,you'll end up upside down in a ditch only to do it all over again!You walk incredibly slow, and will most likely hate your life in the Finnish forest.Never the less, once you tried it you can't stop, its addictive.Sure its annoying, but its the most fun i've had in a game for a long time!"
,Recommended,516750,26832219,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sizzle =D,10/10. 100/100.
,Recommended,516750,26594103,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,FOX,Played permadeath twice died hitting a bump on one and hitting a tree on the other i built the engine on both saves and the frame the second at this point i decided to turn permadeath off i built the engine again but while building the frame i tightened a screw that would normally attach to the engine this caused the car to teleport to the engine and wedge itself inside the pit so i quit without saving so i could start the day over and avoid losing my car this is when i found out that the game has no auto save function f uck my life what a waste of time sleeping should save not pis sing into a toilet this game has a lot of potential but the current build infuriates me the map is too big making trips to the store seem like hours and your income source feels like an actual job despite all this i can't stop playing 10/10
,Recommended,516750,26591888,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Storm Funsoms,"at this given state, it was heart breaking to see the game being so hard to controll while theres even trading cards.. however, as long as the devs don't scam like the guys behind garbage day or towns, i'll be looking forward to this."
,Recommended,516750,26604589,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Henkka,I'm from FInland and i can confirm this game is accurate.
76561198147722475,Recommended,516750,26595258,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,jjudge95,"I love the game but i really want to know how you get out of the green car you can hitch hike from. i ran out of gas in the blue van and i htiched a ride and i could not get out because he never stopped, well he did stop after smashing into a tree and then killing me but idk bug? is there a command you say to ask to stop?"
,Recommended,516750,26614270,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,AirSix,"After 40 hours of playing my car starts!Great game ! 9,99/10"
76561197971416757,Recommended,516750,26617183,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Darth_MacGyver,"Woke up, fumbled with van and finally got it moving.Drank mystery bottle in woodshed and stumbled back into van.Hopped on the freeway and immediately get hit head-on by some techno-blasting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ going the wrong way.VehicularManslaughter/10"
76561197982978309,Recommended,516750,26614686,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Vile Creature,"I once promised myself to not get involved with Early Access games. Had to break that promise with this game.Well, what do i have to say about it then?I love it. Everything from the sounds to small details like working mirrors and reflections on windscreen.Yes, it is slow and frustrating and the physics are messed up every now and then.Yes you only get one car to actually build.And yes, the mosquitos and flies... they drive me crazy like they would in real life.But for a car nerd like me, this is a nicely detailed car building sim for the price of a quarter tank of fuel.And i love the way the home looks like. Really reminds me of my childhood home in some weird way =DClassic 80's finn decoration that would have still been available in the 90's.All in all a good experience, although very frustrating every now and then.Hoping that dev's would add some sort of a magazine where you'd be able to buy a new car to build, along with all the parts needed.  Would add a lot of ""replay value"". I mean there are already a few different cars driving around the area, so why not add more to build as well =)"
,Recommended,516750,26574690,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,agentosage,this game changed my life
76561198174083587,Recommended,516750,26574827,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Richard,best simulator Finnish alcoholic))
,Recommended,516750,26607552,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,SAND NI🅱️🅱️ER,"i like it alot, but it is kinda hard to understand it at first, one thing that i would wish they would bring back is the console"
76561198335278323,Recommended,516750,26607839,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,welshywelsh,"This is a great little game and the in depth detail is amazing!, it's a very fun game but once you build the car the game leaves you with nothing to do unfortunately. This game would benefit a lot from adding some more cars in for us to build, like that Vauxhall cavalier would be awesome to build and drive. Hope to see some more cars added so I can return to my summer car but until then I will wait and hope."
,Recommended,516750,26601183,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Tasty Pickles,awesome gamenothing morenothing less11/10 would beer again
,Recommended,516750,26605455,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,AntiK,GOTY.
76561198097761825,Recommended,516750,30909762,Posted: 2 April,all,Manuter csgoatse.comcsgoroll.com,Almost the russian GTA...
76561198073946493,Recommended,516750,26582580,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,poro78,The ultimate Finland simulator!
,Recommended,516750,26582840,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,The_Gambling_Yam,Great game but that stupid fly makes me want to stab someone.
76561198088044325,Recommended,516750,26571078,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Nick,"great game, just wish there was a way to turn off sound in game. or maybe im just stupid. anyways, its a great game."
,Recommended,516750,26571662,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,B O O L I N #StringinMonkeys,"Im going to start listing off the pros and cons of this game and at the end some suggestions.PROS:Really good mechanicsCONS:I hit a tree backwards 3 mphs and diedMy car frame keeps bending if my character hits itOther glitches that are explained in other peoples reviewsSUGGESTIONS:Adding more cars by going to a junk yard and taking a frame from there with a flat bed, also be able to grab parts from the junk yard with a few, parts from the other cars will be found on the catalog or the junkyard.Able to bend back frame if it was in a fender benderActually be able to buy the all of the things at the pubActually be able to take a showerAble to work on the van and every other carMore upgrade options (Different exhausts and headers, turbos, better air filters)On hand mapEngine swap options (V6, V8, Diesel)Turbos and Superchargers for both diesel and gasCo-op abilityPeople actually trying to steal your car parts if you dont close your doorsAI walking aroundUpgrade able houseBetter AICustomize characterWear and tear on the engine and parts so you'll actually have to buy and replace partsPaintable engine parts for more cutomizationWheels you can actually buy with other tiresMore things you can do for money (illegal)I rate this game a 8/10 for being in alphaYou guys should buy it"
,Recommended,516750,26573958,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,[TK!] (´･ω･`),"Spent 6 hours assembling an engine, didn't bother putting any other nicities on.  Went off a bump at 60kph, landed, broke all my brake linkage bolts and careened into the lake.10/10"
76561198002464844,Recommended,516750,27422722,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Bobi,"Awesome game, Most realistic ever and  the beer case, thats the best thing until the suicide cops come in."
,Recommended,516750,27421564,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vinkkari,I give this game solid 4cats/2dog
76561198086361892,Recommended,516750,27399465,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KrabbyDeezNutz,"My Summer Car review: Everything you need to knowI love this game, I've gone through sweat and tears (Mostly tears!) with this game and it keeps drawing me in. I dont usally post reviews but this game has had such an impact on me I thought it deserved a reviewCons:This game's not for everyone, especially those who consider themselves impatient as there's a large learning curve. If you dont give yourself the time to learn about how the game works {ie: The use of tools, How to fill up ""thirst"" &"" Hunger"" meter} you will end up hating the game for being too stale; theres a particular type of gamer this game caters too and you may not be it.The Pace of this game is ""EXTREMELY"" slow, so dont expect to launch it and be rally driving in an instant. As you can see even with the hours I've racked up on this game it was mostly trial and error with the engine building.If it hasnt occured to you, it is true what they say about a person needing to be a ""car buff"" or a ""Car enthusiast"" to really get 100% out of this game, but dont think that it alienates the ones who arent, as there are plenty of tutorials and guides online to help and aid with your experience of the game.Pros:This game is really enjoyable for those who are looking for a different gaming experience from the FPS's and MOBA's, this game caters well for those who seek a leisurely gaming experience with a dash of problem solving. (When I first played this game I sat through 6 cups of Green tea just trying to build the engine and getting it mounted)There is sooooooo much more to do than you may think, this game isn't just about building your car {Although it is one of the main parts of the game}, but rather you can do many activities like working to pay for mods.This game gives you a real sense of Role Play this may just be a personal thing, but this game really makes you feel like youre in a 90's rural Finland envirnment and you really feel like youre a guy needing to build his car for his own entertainment.Note:There arent many bugs I can really report onIf you cant be bothered learning how to play the way the developer intended, you could always visit a guide online which will set you up with building your car + a whole walkthrough on building it."
,Recommended,516750,27399830,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ninnynoo,Good game but god damn it pisses me off the driving is buggy some times and you go drifting off and crashing in the middle of no where and die
76561198067501209,Recommended,516750,27471120,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,maketzi,Most realistic car mechanic simulator.
76561198353733544,Recommended,516750,30799096,Posted: 28 March,all,PowerBandSam,"Great game for anyone that is a petrol head like me, this game is not only fun but very realistic with some things. However it can troll you hard, really hard. I fully recommended getting it but just be warned, it can test your Patience"
,Recommended,516750,30812015,Posted: 29 March,all,SmokeyJ0390,"This game is amazing to say it's alpha!  It's slow going at first but once you get the hang of things it's a lot of fun.  The amount of detail put in is crazy, really enjoyed building the car from nothing and was so rewarding being able to start it, tune it by hand and actually drive it :)   The physics surprised me too, couldn't believe how well the satsuma handles!  Really am impressed with this game and looking forward to seeing what else is added in the future, it can only get better!! 100% recommend, and no, I've not been payed anything to review, just my honest thoughts on an awesome game!"
76561198124049732,Recommended,516750,30771741,Posted: 27 March,all,Minerals,"My Summer Fu**ing Car. Where do I even start? The quickest I have ever bought a game after torrenting to test if it's worthy of my near minimum wage earnings. The quickest I have ever been too scared to get too far into a permadeath game. The quickest I have gone down a dirt trail before smashing my multiple hours of toil into a Finnish guy downing a fifth of vodka in his dumb motherfu**ing sh** mobile of fu**ing fu**. I HATE that fu**. He can burn in he'll. But somehow. I also love him. The troll he adds to first time players. Barreling over that blind hill the first time you take the dirt track to Perijarvi nearing 100kph. It was all intentional, and it works. Such a simple yet complicated game. I want more."
76561198288959668,Recommended,516750,30777930,Posted: 27 March,all,WolfMan220X,Great way to learn how to put a car together.
,Recommended,516750,30761850,Posted: 26 March,all,☣Malcolm☣,This game is just pure heaven
,Recommended,516750,30761752,Posted: 26 March,all,debugger,"Everytrhing is YES in this game !!!Pure fun and craziness.Big support to devs, just continue !!!"
76561198180898479,Recommended,516750,30744185,Posted: 25 March,all,sauli ja kaverit,pärre tekee höpöö
76561198294097824,Recommended,516750,28584048,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Owenater07,"It's hilariously realistic, stupidly fun, the most fun I had on a completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game and if that dosent sum up mysummer car than I don't know what does!The mechanics are real, and so is everything to do with the cars, yet the police and physics are so screwed up its actually alot of funI recommend this game to anyone who likes to be chill, and not get too serious."
76561198063014132,Recommended,516750,28587699,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SoplicaPL,"Great, great, great game! 100/10 and keep working :) Thx for last update and today Christmas suprise :D I laught so much :D  For me is the best game of 2016."
,Recommended,516750,28696657,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,C-244 Shawn,"With 6.1 hours on this game, I can say that I love it.Its a amazing game with mechanics, The only issue I have had is saving, I want to save midgame at times and I cant without saving and quitting the game, I would like to say this change!"
,Recommended,516750,28684589,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DC Studios,"Someday when I have children, I don't need to take them to driving school, I just give them this game..."
76561198070815443,Recommended,516750,30984653,Posted: 6 April,all,james,BRILLIANT game could do with a map HUD and it would be cool to be able to fill bottles with water
,Recommended,516750,26453215,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,T0mm1,"Saw new update!Found new car at Teimon kauppa, it was too loud so i gave it middle finger then i realize that i have parked my car just straight in front of it. Then i just see this yellow car, it starts and next what happens is this. Yellow car runs over my car and does some donuts and then it drives to tree.6/5 would give middle finger again"
76561198345839383,Recommended,516750,28702586,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TravisMAasness,The most unique and enjoyable game I've played in years!
,Recommended,516750,28581581,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,BrokenFrog,"Laughing, scratching my head, laughing, throwing my controller at the screen, laughing...This is the game that tore me away from 600+ hours of Skyrim!"
76561198196905254,Recommended,516750,28569138,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Idontknow1919,"Good game, very ridiculous, 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,516750,28592139,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Kudlaty,You will rip all your hair out due to that one bolt which is not tight enough and will leak all your break fluid out! - 10/10
76561198043076089,Recommended,516750,28600632,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ricefield Marauder,This game has taken my life from me but I don't mind.
76561198212710049,Recommended,516750,30982719,Posted: 6 April,all,CrazyDog2017,This is a really good game and not many games give u that feeling og=f building ur on car! i recomend this to any one and my friends!
,Recommended,516750,28605026,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ninky Zinky of the WhiteKids,Satana!
,Recommended,516750,28604800,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Benja'*',11/10
,Recommended,516750,30680811,Posted: 22 March,all,SatanicSpongebob,"Starts car, goes to fleetari to fix the car to fix, forgets its saturday (Fleetari is not there), goes home while thirsty with fleetaris car *DIES* 10/10 Best game ever (Also pls add multiplayer)"
76561198010765660,Recommended,516750,28432117,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Bumba,"God's work is hundskit in the shade of this masterpiece made of cute kittens and cinnamon.23p / 10pPS. Jos nää laitat siihe suomi kp:n nii, PERKULE, samalla myös RK! KIITOS"
76561198032346498,Recommended,516750,28657588,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sarah Mousekip,"Best game 2016, i can drink beer, put an entire car together all while driving to suck the sh** our of someones well. Not only that but I can hug my beer case friend, and p**s out the window while going 100 Kph on the way there."
76561198023285270,Recommended,516750,28047859,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Shadow,"I really like this game I think it has potential, it can be very frustrating at times and some improvements are needed, other ways to bring fatigue down would be one for me such as a coffee shop in the towns, that would help bring thirst down too, atm its way too easy to die especially if you're taking on jobs, maybe slow down the hunger, thirst and fatigue bars aswell, apart from that I think the game is pretty epic, building your car takes time but its totally worth it, I now understand far more about cars than I did before.also one other suggestion, have a towing service so if you die while on a job you can have the vehicle brought back to you that would be very helpful."
76561197991808816,Recommended,516750,28044559,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Soviet Comrade Duki,"Not a bad game, still has some glitches, or bugs. I don't care."
76561198159012966,Recommended,516750,27840064,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,saiz.,"Hard to play, but very entertaining."
76561198062615116,Recommended,516750,28000108,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zerosam,Hardcore car building game with include driving different vehicles and survive at the same time.It's a unique driving and survival experience that I have never felt before in this type of game genres.It's a Finland simulator at it's finest.I recommend this game for those who are up for a challenge.Good luck!
,Recommended,516750,28034501,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Jesteri,8/5. Best game ever.
,Recommended,516750,28032750,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,hiihtohissi.,98% of my time in this game I've been running around getting back Hayosiko from side of the road after crashing to a tree and dying. 6/5 would recommend
,Recommended,516750,28033704,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Dimi,Joku päivä mä kasaan sen satsuman. :D ehkä kesällä..
76561198062866415,Recommended,516750,28035635,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Crispedlist5,8/8
,Recommended,516750,28050440,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,pizzalele csgobig.com,i really like finnish in this 10/10 torilla tavataan
,Recommended,516750,28046267,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,mr_daemon,"At first glance, this may appear to be a car mechanic simulator, but it is in fact a rather difficult survival game that apparently embodies the Finnish lifestyle.Assemble a junk car while at the same time eating sausages, drinking beer (which you should carry with you on the passenger seat since it lowers both hunger and thirst), and do menial jobs like delivering chopped wood and pumping sewage wells to get money so you can buy more food and parts for your jalopy.Every aspect of this game is incredibly detailed and functional to the point of obsession.I'm honestly just really happy this game exists at all, there is nothing else quite like it."
,Recommended,516750,28051404,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,-  Amfi,"After 16 hours, my mouse wheel not working anymore."
76561198279816627,Recommended,516750,28122088,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,tom.wbly,nice game would reccomend to mechanics
76561198093323724,Recommended,516750,28139862,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,JORQA080,gaem of the year
76561198193260142,Recommended,516750,26589853,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,IngrownThe stig,GAME IS GOOD FUN
,Recommended,516750,28121316,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,RubberDuckyJr,Car Mechanic Simulator with booze and swearing. Great!
76561198131698383,Recommended,516750,28126341,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Kyle H.,"I have been playing for 25 hours and am on my 2nd save, so far i very much enjoy this game. There is enough detail to make it challenging but also not too intensive for some people. One of the biggest things i have found to be annoying is the""gremlins"" that undo bolts on a car that i have not even drove yet. Also destrying my body work with just leaning over with a part can be annoying as well but other than those things so far this game is great, i will enjoy seeing what comes next!"
76561197995153171,Recommended,516750,28103160,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,mokkiman,Passed out after finishing all the beers and waking up afterwards by the lake sky filled of lightnings.
76561198147045209,Recommended,516750,28106372,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hamm,"Its frustrating af! Drive out of the driveway in 1st with the van, spin around and crash in my house...dead, game over!Second attempt, manage to get to the store. Buy alot of beer and food, driving on the way home while driking beer and listen to funky finnish beats, suddenly there is a tree standing in my way, dead..game over!Thrid time everything is great, manage to get back from the shop, load the food and beer into the frigde, drink alot of beer and i..correct, i died!Still worth i tho!"
76561198142995194,Recommended,516750,28352316,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,TheRandomSeal,Great gamebut i would suggest to have either a controller or steering wheel if you dont want to fly off every roadI wish it wouldnt drop fps once getting in vehicles though....
76561198045847158,Recommended,516750,28422136,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Celtic5yamum,"Damn... my review is too long to post 'my story'.......... these are not cars, they are people... and they need love tooyou will get into all sorts of hilarious situations. If you're anything like me, you will come accross lots of problems, with most of your vehicles left standed around for multiple reasons.... you WILL create a master plan, and you WILL fight to succeed!Every little victory playts out like winnin a war, or the lottoe.... or both. Trust meIf you excuse me, I'll forget the fact that i spent an hour writing a long♥♥♥♥♥review that's too long to be posted, and get back to saving Bess (Septic truck, shutup) and Tristian (Blue van, shutup). Never mind the project car.... they NEED me!!"
,Recommended,516750,28439773,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,KissMyAsthma,"Imagine if Postal 2 and DayZ (the good alpha days anyway) crashed into Car Mechanic Simulator. You would end up with something very similar to My Summer Car.As a car enthusiast myself I was pleasantly surprised when I was able to construct a fair amount of the engine block without referring to a guide or video. I love the fact you're able to install parts in the wrong order, or even miss them completely. There is definitely no hand holding here.MSC is able to accurately depict what working on a car can be like with its perfect blend of frustration and charm. Sometimes that frustration is from the wonky physics and awkward collisions which is really the only weak point of the game. You spend numerous hours learning the things not to do in the game like how the shopping bag acts like a wrecking ball, or how bumping into your car will shoot it 10 feet ahead of where it was, all because you were trying to turn a single bolt. As great as the unforgiving nature of the game is, it does sting when you ruin hours of work by following the rules. There's a difference between driving recklessly and paying for it with permadeath than dropping your engine in an inch too far and the game having a hiccup with physics.The addition of tools would be a great update, I think jackstands and a creep would help solve quite a few issues. If you could bolt the car to jackstands like you bolt the engine on the hoist it would help keep the car in place and a creep would help get to the hard to reach places and parts. The handbrake bolt, exhaust pipe/muffler, brake lines, etc. would be more accessible and also visible to the players who are coming into this with zero experience working on cars.Wonky physics aside, MSC manages to accomplish something that so many games try to and fall short of. It's not easy, but highly replayable. Difficult, yet rewarding. And most of the time when something goes wrong it's the player at fault. The only way to improve is to learn.It will absolutely have more appeal to the gearheads, and it's hard to say if the gameplay would be as rewarding to gamers who aren't into cars.One of the better early access games out on Steam, the modest $15 price tag buys you a unique game you should not miss out on."
76561198030245453,Recommended,516750,28418057,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,crazycanadiankid,"Needs a lot of work,Don't get me wrong, My Summer Car is a great game.But, it has a few major flaws with it.for one, why is the green car always seem to be programmed to ram into you head on?It honestly is super frustrating, when I work real hard building a car, just for some shoddy programmed car to veer into my lane every time I pass him in the opposite direction.Would reccomend, if you are fine with constant frustration."
76561198281160463,Recommended,516750,28430744,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ribband,"Here is a summary of MSC in a few sentences. Go to shops, buy food and drink. Go back home and die on the way. Build an engine at some point and assemble a fully working car. 10/10 MUST BUY!"
,Recommended,516750,28391696,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Moe,Finland is the best and it beats the rest.Buy this masterpiece to glorify the finnish ways.
,Recommended,516750,28401126,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Seanmac2002,This game is really fun and entertaining for 40+ hours however it can get a little frustrating when you spend days on end building your car and tiny van taps you and your dead but you don't need to start over.8/10My rule is that if you can get double the hours from the price you payed it's worth it.
,Recommended,516750,28103573,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Lazejun,"Great Game, Challenging but its very Satisfying after you Achieved something, worth every Cent."
,Recommended,516750,28104235,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,YankeeCherokee,"A great game to play, with great developers and the community that developed around it.As someone who spends all of their free time working on cars, this game is very accurate representation of what it's like. The tedious task of finding the right size wrench, not knowing how to assemble parts, forgeting a bolt to tighten and having a catastrophic faliure on the highway. It's a lot more fun in a game then real life, let me tell you.The developers of this game are fantastic. Constant updates and plenty of humor and character are in the game. The TV show that comes on ""Topless Gun"" is a 12 minute 70's Finnish parody made by the developers and is a joy to watch.The updates that are made constantly are huge with completley new gameplay features that keep me coming back to the game.The details of the game are spot on as well, with the tuning of the carburetor and wheel alignment make the game all more intresting and challenging. Figuring out how to assemble the car is the biggest challenge, especially for those who don't know much about cars. However that's how it works in real life, with hours of getting frustrated to only make a little progress. But the satisfaction you get when things come together and the car is completle is pure bliss and excitment.The physics engine is a little quirky, and is very easy to damage/bend your car when trying to lean in or put a part on. This is my biggest gripe, as someone who is a perfectionist. It makes it very difficult to assemble the car, and needs to be addressed.A great game overall, with a perfect way to experience the perspective of a gearhead"
76561197970565267,Recommended,516750,26500718,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Kaun,Most realistic♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥simulator of all time.  5/7 Perfect score.
,Recommended,516750,26553091,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Schmeaglehunter,Awesome game
,Recommended,516750,26576314,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Gill,Early access onto highway is fatal.
76561198079716320,Recommended,516750,26576247,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,TheFinnishComrade,"By far the most frusttrating game I have ever played.First I tried to go to shop, drove to a tree and died.Started again and on the same trip drove ofroad and could not climb back to road with that Hiace.Third times the charm and managed to get tho the shop and bought everything, and 5 kegs of beer to numb the frustration, could not manage to get back to same road so found myself on some sort of airstrip and managed to flip my car to side going 100km/h....4th time desided to wotk on the 100a, pushed it in garage with tractor and went into the ditch to put on subframe, and found myself trappen in there by my car...5/5 Would starve to death anytime again."
76561198013648609,Recommended,516750,26573171,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,the reaper,"this is the game i have waited for since i was 5! i never was or is interested in car mecanic or car parts... but this game is more than just that, like you have to buy food and beer and freaking muzkido spray to survive and you must work for money to buy fuel and car parts, its more like a (Findland simulator) than just a car game!this game is the game for me, and even IF it was 60£, i still have bouth it :D"
,Recommended,516750,26555501,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,JeffTehBuck,I am a trained mechanic and this game is pretty awesome. The most you can be immersed in being a mechanic.
76561198097338862,Recommended,516750,26566978,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,@NoFriends,im sooo addicted to this game and i got my car looking sooo goood
,Recommended,516750,26506900,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,SenorAndrew,PERRKELE /10 ! FINLAND FINLAND FINLAND FINLAND FINLAND FINLAND FINLAND! :DD
,Recommended,516750,26570113,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,pyrater,"Good game, a one of a kind. Lots of potential, the only issue i have with it is running to the store is down right annoying and most of the game is not in english..."
76561198272039354,Recommended,516750,26570560,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Crocuta Struggle,awesome!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,516750,26547008,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,atom,Looks pretty good.
,Recommended,516750,26501181,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Darkireland,Iv never had so many problems finding my nut's
,Recommended,516750,26493443,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,STINDEBINDE,amazing game
,Recommended,516750,26568211,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ColinL,">Drive out to the middle of no where>Roll my car>Well S**t, dude11/10"
,Recommended,516750,26568333,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,jaskakaffe,Best purchase i have made. Very frustraiting but still funny.pros and cons+ it is in finnish+ you can drink lots of alcohol and eat makkaraperunat- you can't drink radiator fluid
,Recommended,516750,26649065,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Allspid,"It`s a fun game and if you like cars and would put down a lot of hours, this is the game for you :)"
,Recommended,516750,26636051,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,HAMBO,10/10 worth the money.
76561198120958424,Recommended,516750,26634262,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BlitzBunny,Maybe because I did learn how to make a car is why im frustrated. But Im willing to do this and then crash and burn in glory.
,Recommended,516750,26632964,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Kassu,The most addictive game i know
76561198127895079,Recommended,516750,26633239,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,samsara,Would drink and drive again 10/10
76561198349895954,Recommended,516750,30911596,Posted: 2 April,all,warlordhesu,i need help on startign car thoe its hard i turn on and with poop truck it only beep and tractordoes not move even with parking break off and van same to
,Recommended,516750,26634161,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,GhostSoup831,> dedicate 6-7 hours figuring out how to put car together> put car together> turn the ignition> car starts> successkid.jpg> put that b**ch in gear> press down on pedal> Loud banging noise> car shuts off> look under car too see a multitude of parts that have broken off> fml.jpg> grab case of beer and sausages and load up in passenger seat of van> proceed to drink beer and eat sausages while flying down sketchy dirt trail> lose control of van while reaching for another beer> colide with tree at 85 km/hr and fly through windshield> dead on impact11/8 would have lifes work ruined and die in dui accident again.
76561197962650320,Recommended,516750,26628289,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Mandrake,"1st game:Read some tutorials, figure I need to start by making a run to the store. Spend some time figuring out the car controls, get it going.The van is such a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ It handles exactly like i'd expect- crap. It's wobbly and twitchy and understeers everything.Get on the road (with directions), and it's a treacherous deathtrap. It's barely the width of your car and sometimes has ♥♥♥♥ing cliffs on either side. It winds back and forth and goes up and down suddenly.It takes ages to get through it safely and I almost flip the van several times.Finally get to the store. Fill up with gas, get all the supplies I'm told I need to build my hotrod. ♥♥♥♥ing Finnish wierdo guy running the store looks like he put his face in a blender, and he keeps muttering his ancient primitive language at me, but he's nice enough to put all my sausages in a bag so I don't have to put them all in my van one by one.Get back on the road. Realize I haven't saved yet, but I know I can when I take a♥♥♥♥♥♥back home.I feel like I'm getting the hang of the car. I'm keeping a steady speed, following every turn perfectly. I feel like a rally driver. Suddenly the road swerves right, I turn my wheel but i'm going way too fast. I fly off the edge of the curve sideways and smack right into a tree. My windshield smashes as my car gives a disgusted metallic groan and blood fills up my eyes. My player tilts his head back, exhales a painful wheeze, and I'm dead.I'm presented with a newspaper in Finnish showing a picture of my wrecked van and the title ""Young man dies in car accident"". A corny Finnish song plays. I realize I haven't saved yet.10/10"
,Recommended,516750,30568234,Posted: 17 March,all,Vobra,"so this is what its like to be finnish? fug im applyin  for citizen ship this year, game is pretty good!"
76561198081178067,Recommended,516750,30513413,Posted: 14 March,all,ArttuuM,Really fun game and it shows what finland is like. I think they should add North State cigarettes in the game.
76561198170052491,Recommended,516750,30509782,Posted: 14 March,all,andrewcarlson110,very nice game with a nice touch of being super realistic
76561198097017456,Recommended,516750,28356066,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,mxstylie,"Ok, so this game is on a whole other level. This game makes you want to say many bad words in many different languages. DAYZ, Dirt Rally, GTA, Mechanic Sim, Cursing sim, Redneck sim, WTF is this game... I think I've found my life at 25 sim. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is insane, awesome, frustrating, you get Arma'd, you get run over, you get ripped off at the store, you drink beer and then chop wood, then drive to the srore for more beer and bug spray and sausages, WTF, I love this game. Oh, and you get to build engines, cars, modify them, get run over, pee wherever you want to and then pump some♥♥♥♥♥♥for your neighbor because he is is a ♥♥♥♥♥ and wont pump his own♥♥♥♥♥♥ After all this, relax in your sauna because you're a Finnish superstar. 7hrs in and I can't wait to play again and die again."
76561198066408927,Recommended,516750,31082532,Posted: 11 April,all,Teddy Tommy Ear,If you want to experience the finnish way of life this is a must buy! WELCOME TO ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SIMULATOR!
76561198146486854,Recommended,516750,29253813,Posted: 14 January,all,LordMole,Great game
,Recommended,516750,31004436,Posted: 7 April,all,Henri,"Awesoome game , Just play it when you love cars"
,Recommended,516750,29260203,Posted: 14 January,all,Kunstgjødsel,"This game has taken my social life away ahaha. Its scary how addicted you get to this game, especially if you are into older cars and simulator games.Just buy it and try it, you wont regret !!!"
76561198093417971,Recommended,516750,29243457,Posted: 14 January,all,What's left of Obamacare,"I died within ten minutes, I drank a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of beer,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥on myself, then couldnt figure out how to cook. This game is real life."
,Recommended,516750,29436531,Posted: 22 January,all,the young beard,its good but it makes me want to blow my brains out with buckshot and the flys arn't helping
76561198141773432,Recommended,516750,28262827,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,zombiekiller3560,How do I turn console commands on
,Recommended,516750,28262851,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,✪ Chwy,"This is a silly little game with qwerky controls that are awkward at first, but once you get past all that it is a fun little game to pass time and believe me you will pass a lot of time trying to build the car. This game is fun and once they add more stuff i believe this game will gradually get better as time proceeds."
76561198025632506,Recommended,516750,28272866,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,The White Raven,"I like this game, i like its concept. It's very nice to have your own workshop in your garage and assemble you dream car piece by piece with this high level of details. And the best part is you have to survive in the while, eat, drink, sleep etc...and you have to work and earn money to pimp your car, this is great really. really, BUILD YOUR CAR FROM SCRATCH IS REALLY WONDERFUL! But, at least for now, i can't enjoy it at all. Maybe if the developer will read my review he will take into account what i'm writing and do something to ""improve"" this good game in the long run. Why can't I enjoy it at all? Because basically you already have all the parts you need to build your car, so it's just about assemble it. I wish i could buy more parts, essential parts, not only those for tuning. Would be nice to start with no parts at all and earn all of 'em, starting with something cheap, maybe just a junk, a rusty old frame from a junkyard maybe...and build it up slowly...and with time build better parts, upgrade motor ecc...and ofc tune it.... would be also very nice to have more cars to work with...like you can do with car mechanic simulator...buy old junks, repair them and sell them...would be very very nice...i know it's an EA and that's why i'm saying this, to have a chance to see these things in the final release. To me is a thumb up, because i really like the fresh concept of this game but for now i don't have too much fun so i decided to ask for a refund. I'll continue to follow the good work hoping to see what i'm asking  for in wich case i'll buy the game back for sure. Keep the good work up!"
76561198344591774,Recommended,516750,28166708,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,alexperduta324,it doesent work for me
76561198014746225,Recommended,516750,28181451,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,7Z-Epic-7Z,Rolled my car. Drank some beer. Rolled car again. 10/10 would roll car drunk again
,Recommended,516750,28181798,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Gabe Newell,Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ Just ♥♥♥♥ing do it. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,516750,28619536,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lors,Finally got my car running good and when I decide to stop at a DUI checkpoint a truck plows into the back of my car as soon as I step away. 10/10 thankfully I closed out of the game while I was dying so I still have my save.
76561198042026023,Recommended,516750,28630505,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Rmaul,It's got me understanding my own car a little bit better and cars in general. For someone who doesnt know♥♥♥♥♥♥all about cars it's fun.
76561197994083816,Recommended,516750,28627820,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Eight20,"I bought this on day 1 and it's such a good game, hopefully the devs keep on churning out great updates."
,Recommended,516750,28715210,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Heffer Spy's Sappin Mah Santry,Extremely fun if you like cars.  Love how it has a comedic feel instead of just building a car
76561198322867639,Not Recommended,516750,26264916,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,King MysTic,evrey time i turn i die in the van and i keep turing perminate death on on accident and i spent 4 hours building the car went to pick up some gas for it took 1 turn and died
,Recommended,516750,28721061,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,jdasuioafgjiop,good game
,Recommended,516750,28711524,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RiddeR,Hardcore AF !Havent had this much fun with a game in ages.
76561198069721175,Recommended,516750,29266808,Posted: 14 January,all,Pung Lasse Larsson,"I bought this game after a friend's recommendation. I didn't expect too much but I was baffled when I first played it. It is quite well programmed, includes lots of different game moments. You always have a lot of choices, the game is absolutely non-linear. It has a wonderful balance between frustration, hope and happyness. Born in the early 70s one feels wonderfully young again, gets back into the mood of endless summers, lots of time, low responsibilities and a vast range of possibilities. What shall we do today? While away the time drinking, sauning and sleeping? Take a fun ride around the fine scenery, practicing the handling of the awful vehicles you actually can afford (which have a wonderful physics. Fatality is always an option...)? Or - yikes - pump a few sewage pits to earn money for food, drink and some fine new car part? Or just get rid of a little adrenaline chopping trees? Or continue on that car that lies in bits and pieces in your garage and front yard? The world is your oyster!I love it!"
76561198134489777,Recommended,516750,29244051,Posted: 14 January,all,FLEX,Fun
76561197966988370,Recommended,516750,29267442,Posted: 15 January,all,Doc Holliday,"you can eat drink & drive,  curse,  flip people off,  punch people (and windshields...),  smash things with sledgehammer, build a datsun, eat sausage, and die in many glorious (and inglorious) ways...  whats not to like?"
,Recommended,516750,30429475,Posted: 10 March,all,Aandreas,"Ivanov Poope in My Summer CarHi Laddies & Mentalmen,Beware this game is full of Sh**I've over 40 hours in this game as I write, so I'm well enough qualified to talk about it. I think that is great value for money considering I only paid £11 GBP for it. A I will be putting in many more hours too. - I haven't even started building my car in the game yet. (I keep dying)..One thing to note - the game is a permadeath game by default, but you can actually change this right at the start. (Something I failed to notice). At the bottom of your driving licence, it says 'ON' like it is printed in black ink. Just click that before you start. Remember to add your name to the driving licence though!This is a great game. It has everything I wanted GTA games to be from a logistics point of view - re - you pick up things one by one and load them into your vehicle to transport them. (Although I was thinking more along the lines of boxes of produced goods / purchased or stolen).   Like the 'stealing the TV's mission' in GTA4.It's a pain in the a** when you go to buy food and beer when shopping, and then move bits of it around one by one, (I could easily carry two or three of those crates of beer at once if they were stacked and still have room for a few bags of potato crisps on top!Unfortunately, the game cannot distinguish between bulky-heavy items and stuff you should be able to carry lots of, in a box or a bag, - like in real life.  They only give you one plastic carrier in the shop (that's just like real life too come to think of it), where you buy food and drink.   But there is also ordering and collecting car parts from the shop, which is nearer my original thoughts.Groceries Shopping.I could stack 5 or 10 packs of sausages, balancing them on my arm till they are tucked up under my chin, or (oh yea, just use a plastic carrier bag).  Carry them to the van and throw them in, so I hope the devs give us carrying multiple small items ability;  So, like you've loaded them into a box, a plastic carrier bag or backpack, then carry that.(It's just one dev guy actually I think, but there are plenty of modders out there interested in making stuff for this game),This game is full of Sh**Literally, there is tonnes of it and your job, should you choose to accept it; is to suck the SH** out of people septic tanks.  You will be pleased to know that you get to use a septic tank truck though. Then, (since there is no apparent place to take the human waste yet), you can empty your load into someone's car, or over someone's head.Perhaps you could make the shopkeeper pay for his extortionate prices! - If so, kick open his shop door, back up the truck and let the poop flow into his shop. Make sure you already did your shopping for the day though!(Or you could tip the human waste on your fields)? - I hope they develop some kind of real (virtual) farming like in Farming Simulator, especially since they give us a tractor and trailer to start with in the game.  I wouldn't fancy eating fruit and veg that had been grown in people's waste though!You take on the role of a young man who is staying at his parents house for the summer.Your parents are away and your primary job is to keep the family businesses going, chopping wood into firewood for sale locals and providing a septic tank emptying service in the area too.These jobs earn you money to help you invest in and build you car. You will probably need to buy some custom parts and get the car professionally set up and tuned. All this costs money!There are other ways to make money in the game like retrieving scrap metal to sell to the mechanic or taxiing people about after a night on the town. I've never done those last two kinds of jobs yet myself though.Your main selfless activity, (apart from getting drunk and swearing all the time or giving people 'The Birdie' - is to build your own 'Summer Car', out of secondhand parts. The parts are ready and waiting for you in your parents garage, but you may have to repair and paint a few bits. (All of them in-fact)!Your ultimate goal is to enter a local rally race in the car you are building, but it has to be street legal first, so you have a lot of money to earn and spend to get the car up to ralley standard, especially if you actually want to win the race!Enjoy.."
,Recommended,516750,30721466,Posted: 25 March,all,JOXI gamdom.com,"When i'd rather play this than any other game in my Library, you know it's an amazing game."
76561198014296523,Not Recommended,516750,26201749,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Joe,RAGED QUIT AFTER 30 MINS......Dont play if you have a short temper!also.. the fly is f**king annoyingPlay if you're bored!
,Recommended,516750,26238077,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Atomic Waffles,"FIrst time playing. Hopped in my van, spent the next 20 minutes figuring out how to get it to work before driving it into the lake. Spent the next 5 minutes cussing in Finnish and chugging beer as my van slowly descended to the bottom floor of the lake and filled up with air. I friggin love this game."
76561198283885006,Recommended,516750,27562765,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PO|RT|AL,Awesome
,Recommended,516750,28623478,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,RIP Tom Petty 1950-2017,i was driving my newly built car down a dirt road at full speed when out of nowhere a green car smashed in to me at full speed killing me and f*cking my car. 10/10 fun and fulfilling.
76561197998622505,Recommended,516750,26498708,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Your opponent's teammate,So realistic aliens will study it to prepare for the invasion!
,Recommended,516750,26284236,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Zchooner,"Original:-Whether a Kaspersky Fault or not, i don't expect to spend hours trying to get a $20(AUS) game to work. It is a TROJAN- false positive , but positively a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ This review is to warn people who own Kaspersky anti virus not to purchase this game. It' won't work- you'll waste your time!Very sad because it looks interesting. Hopefully it's fixed by tommorrow or i will be asking for a refund!Edit:- 01/01/17Fixed issue with Kaspersky and runs flawlessly so far.....And what a great concept.Mechanical sim crossed with a driving sim, in a Sandbox.The mechanical side is very technical, which is a plus for me.It would Help to know your way around an engine, or otherwise it  is a great way to learn more about them.The driving side is not as good. It takes some playing around with the settings.It feels very dead zoney by default. That goes for both Wheel and controller. I have to admit i need to play around more with settings though.I mapped my win 360 controller with Controller Companion, available on steam for a couple bucks. Works a treat. Enables me to build sitting down on the couch.Great early access game. Looking forward to future developments. With a bit of polish this game can really be quite good.Worth the price. Bargain on sale"
,Recommended,516750,29322716,Posted: 17 January,all,♥ ♂ BeBeTo ♂ ♥,Is vary good game
76561198041423021,Recommended,516750,28947497,Posted: 2 January,all,zim zam the flim flam,"> read online it's best to go an buy loads of food before starting your car> die on the way to shop 7 times> 8th time, finally make it to the home stretch> accidentally veer off road> quickly press the breaks> slow down succesfully to 5mph> hit a tree> diedHopefully one day ill start building my car"
76561198035231948,Recommended,516750,26346798,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Dual Zubs,"The perfect way to sum up my first 7 hours:*Drank beer*struggled in the sauna for 1/2 the gametime*almost had car completely finnished*realized I forgot to buy an engine belt at the store*driving on highway someone comes flying down the wrong lane*end up swerving off the road, flipped the van, then died in that order.And now im back at square one.12/10"
76561198069238456,Recommended,516750,29751254,Posted: 6 February,all,Jeepers Creepers,"I don't want to downvote the game, but I believe that it definitely needs some new things. I want to see more things and concepts added to the game to make it more ""complete"". I will provide some ideas that I have so far that I can come up with from the hours I put into the game.Some ideas are:- more of a ""mechanic"" aspect. Fix other peoples cars. Perhaps there's something wrong and you need to find the problem, some cases can be harder to figure out than others. Some people may know what specifically needs to be done for you to fix their car and some not so much. You do these jobs and raise up that $. It adds "" mechanic projects"" for you to work on, able to work on many cars at a time if you like. Now you can expand that car part catalog for there may be some ""bad"" parts that need replacing (I havn't gotten too far in the car part catalog and may update this part if i'm wrong about its depth). Also obtaining those parts for your car projects will be an interesting process. This idea can go far in depth if you allow it too, and will make this game much greater in return. I just wanted to get the basic idea down, I may add more ideas later down the ""road"".- There needs to be something that just consumes up your cash more and more. Food, drinks, gas, and the little amount of car parts (havn't gotten too far in the car parts yet, but I believe there's not really many parts to buy or any reason to buy them) help with this, but I feel there's just something missing (what's being applied to the game is great so far though, keep it up), espicially for those in the end game with tons of cash availabe to them. I can't exactly specify with this idea yet, just add more♥♥♥♥♥♥to take your money. Pay the bills, maybe a cop will pop out of nowhere and give you a speed ticket (that process in action would be interesting lol), etc...Again, I'm still new to the game, but here's some ideas from what I've experienced so far. Things written in this post might be bound to change. But one fact will remain, the game is still incomplete. As we know from its early access stage. I usually don't go hard on these reviews, but this game is interesting and I quite like it, so I will be more ""strict"" on my vote to see it become something even better. Thanks.(Initially I downvoted. However, I will support the game with a thumbs up, I congratulate the makers, they're on too something, keep it up)"
76561198237021000,Recommended,516750,30716856,Posted: 24 March,all,DeniedDuck1ing,"I flipped my truck after hitting a oncoming car, which then caused a chain reaction of a bus hitting my truck, a red car car ( that i bumper checked earlier ) ram into it. I then John Cena'd my truck up, continued driving, then got drunk as fudge and hit a tree at maybe 100 mph. Good experience! :)"
,Recommended,516750,28111983,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,"Kombucha Mint ""Radio"" Hyde",♥♥♥♥ing exhaust pipes
76561197972890934,Recommended,516750,26263961,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,JalahPeeno,"Spent quite a long time drinking and flipping off drivers on the highway. Finally got a car together, started it up and revved the engine - it sounded so sweet. Now there is a hole in my roof. Apparently, I made an engine slingshot and not a car. 10/10."
76561198082302852,Recommended,516750,26465418,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Twenty10,"If you are an alien and always wanted to experience how life would be on this planet called earth, here you go! A perfect simulation of a finnish young male in the 90s.system requirements: dry humorsound - very goodperformance - very goodcar models - very goodlandscape - pragmaticmapsize - bigsimulation/realism - very highcontrols - could be betterThis is yet in early access for a low price so there is nothing to complain ^^"
,Recommended,516750,26566005,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Gravelore,Build engine blockDrink a beerWent for drive in blue car thats parked next to your frameDrive the tiny roads for 20 minfound a guy next to the roadget out of car to see this manIts a cop with speed gungo up to his face to flip him off and call him a wart on a♥♥♥♥♥♥get back in car feeling accomplishedGets ready to enable first gearscreen goes red and windshield is brokencar definitely flew a few feetHead rests against the dash followed with blacknessI make the newspaperYOUNG MAN KILLED IN AUTO CRASHIt was only Monday
76561198067151891,Recommended,516750,31189541,Posted: 16 April,all,haakonrg,This game is HILARIOUS!
76561198356077566,Recommended,516750,31205763,Posted: 17 April,all,alshepard5999,"Amazing game, although there are many glitches and things, the overall game is amazing the amount of things you can do surpasses many games!"
,Recommended,516750,30790849,Posted: 28 March,all,TheKaputus,Awesome! Best game ever. Finland is best.
76561198371474034,Recommended,516750,31291758,Posted: 22 April,all,edward.ismay,i love the game but my game wenever i go in to driving mode  the game crashesi still love the game
,Recommended,516750,31288222,Posted: 21 April,all,Rifagaru,"It's a big yep from me.Be warned, this isn't for the casual player."
,Recommended,516750,28731740,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Captain Hook the Biker Gorilla,">Attempts to build motor 5 times>1st time I got drunk and couldn't get♥♥♥♥♥♥done, restart game>2nd time, parts disregard laws of physics, restart game>3rd time, I disregard laws of physics and fall through the floor>4th time, I chopped some wood>Succeeds 5th time around>Need more items, friend tells me they can be acquired in the store>Insulting of the phone upon getting called>Get into van and drive off>Don't know way>Get lost in the forest in the middle of the night.>See guy stuck in the forest>Go out of van to insult him>Get ran over.>ROUND 2>Finds the right path>Gets killed by a lorrie as soon as I get on the real road>ROUND 3>Take tractor this time>Causes mass car crash>Tractor is upside-down>Gets out>Van flips tractor>Tractor flies off into the horizon>I attempt to steal one of the cars in the crash>Accidently flips car>Car flings me into the sky for a beatiful view of the map>Get run over as I land>Round 4>Trying not to cause mass crash>♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ drives in the wrong lane>Points finger and try to shake the car off my tractor>Get out to take a screenshot of the impaled car upon my tractor>Mass carcrash occurs>Tractor rolls off>Chase it>In the middle of a field in the middle of nowhere, I get back into the tractor>Get run over my lorrieI have yet to reach the storeGOTY 9/11"
,Recommended,516750,28722691,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NicoXoN,im enjoying it and yes and good nice yes
76561198020431226,Recommended,516750,28695336,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,MERQUIS,"i spent 2 hours working out how to use spanners, then the car rolled on me.already forgot how to use spanners...10/10 - wasting my life"
76561198086924623,Recommended,516750,28714326,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gopniks Brother,"You start the game, figure out the controlls. Go to the kitchen and grab a beer, you drink it and you bring the beer case with you. You jump into the van and waste your whole fuel tank looking for the highway. You get to the highway, and go in a circle twice before finding where the shop is. You fill up the van, go inside and purchase all the goods that are in there. You go to the regester and figure out you are paying more money than what you have. You go back to the house in that blue van still no fuel but you makle it. You know mechanical engineering so you build the engine with knowledge. You try and hoist the engine into the car but the car flips over. You find a tractor flip the car over but the body is wrecked. You take the poop truck to get some money so you can pay but you understeer on the highway and crash. Your guy yells in pain and a newspaper shows up saying you died, there goes your save game."
76561198177324454,Recommended,516750,28725793,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AanikGaming,This game is really fun and addictive.
,Recommended,516750,28728770,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,bweyant88,One of the most funniest games ive played! I myself played car mechanic simulator. That was fun. This game is basicly a finnish-middlefingiring-beerdrinking-mechanic-survival game! Really worth the money. Get it now in the winter steam sale!
,Recommended,516750,28703735,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,JakeTheGamer,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198067584699,Recommended,516750,28597061,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Megaladong,"If you love car sims, perma death sims, beer drinking sims, or sims in general you will love this one. 10/10 been stuck on this game since I bought it."
76561198183861174,Recommended,516750,28570455,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,matt2001w,brillant game needs more cars tho
,Recommended,516750,28571066,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,RacingRed CS.MONEY,"ALRIGHT *hits table like a ♥♥♥♥ing retard*LET's BEGIN!So basicly MSC is a simulator (if you die tab out and close the game imidetly +10 MSC pro skilz)You build cars from scrtach (built not bought bro)If it brakes... well♥♥♥♥♥♥lif it and repair it (so not a game for non-car guys)Money is auctly a thing (except if you are Putin hackerman)Survival is auctly a thing too (2 bad that you cant be like Bear Grilys, so you have to pay for gas and food)Satsuma is the fastest car! (to break down or to drive to the repair garage)Satsuma can be rally monester (yay more♥♥♥♥♥♥braking down)You will spend alot of hours on it (replacing all the liquids and setting up carburators or switching radiators 5 times)MODS! (cost a lot,car goes and breakes faster)YOU ARE IN FINLAND! Wich means a lot of volvos! (well♥♥♥♥♥♥you have a Datsun rip if you hit a mouse)So all in all i highly suggest this game........ Livin the life of a poor car enthusiast that sucks♥♥♥♥♥♥for cash"
,Recommended,516750,28913088,Posted: 1 January,all,firebirds24,i cant play it because it keeps on crashing!!!!!:(
76561198019028730,Recommended,516750,29072509,Posted: 6 January,all,Fidelacchius,Took me a half hour to figure out how to showerTried for an hour to start building car. Gave up.Took me a half hour to get my van startedWent for a drive. crashed into tree and diedGame over.10/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,516750,28884487,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jouhea Karma,Starts playing the gameIt's hell of a thunderstorm outsidePhone starts ringingAnswer the phone -> Die10000 volts / 10
76561198312152368,Recommended,516750,29075422,Posted: 6 January,all,Tyler gleaton    NOT COOL JACOB,the game in a update is shoud let us play with friend
,Recommended,516750,29087151,Posted: 7 January,all,WarningLowBattery,The ammount of detail and the things you can do beisdes building the car is just fascinating.If you know a more indept car building game then hmu!
76561198197726045,Recommended,516750,29087728,Posted: 7 January,all,Rock offroad,"great game just dont think you can go  and build a car after building the satsuma. but the game is a well developed game made by one guy who is active on the game updating it and even doing stuff on it for occasions. at first i thought my DELL inspiron 3000 series 15 would be able to run it smoothly but i was wrong it runs super smoothly even with all the setitngs on the highest they could go so i am impressed so i WOULD totaly recommend it to people looking for a game where you drink beer, build a rusty peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥and pump sewage for money. but if you think that it is not good as it is a early acces game YOU ARE ABSOULUTY WRONG it is a great game. but if there was a award for the most annoying sound in a video game in the world it would be the FLY/MOSQUITO that BUZZ'S around you non stop."
76561198016550622,Recommended,516750,29087753,Posted: 7 January,all,Assi Toni,"Amazing game, took me like 5 hours to build the engine and finding the right spanner for each screw, started the engine, forgot coolant and broke the engine. Wouldnt fill in coolant again 10/10"
76561198253743631,Recommended,516750,29146585,Posted: 9 January,all,silverdemon528,This is one of the most frustrating survival games I have ever played but it's still fun at the same time.
,Recommended,516750,29146969,Posted: 9 January,all,GOAT,this game...
76561198052425489,Recommended,516750,29152419,Posted: 9 January,all,FuzzaMuzza,best game ever!! totaly worth the money! :)
76561198217460292,Recommended,516750,28823261,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,sid3300,The game is good apart from when the car breaks some parts of it are unrepairable. For exsample my fanbelt keeps falling off and I can't fix it or get a new one. HELP!
76561198086763738,Recommended,516750,28947651,Posted: 2 January,all,KlippaTung,good game but please make co-op so i can play with my friend
76561198084609338,Recommended,516750,28947674,Posted: 2 January,all,Supervillian Plankton,Great game but i'd love to play CO OP to help my friends get started!
76561198078502968,Recommended,516750,28941888,Posted: 2 January,all,Debbie Harry,"Drowned in the sewage.""Oh ♥♥♥♥.""10/10 for dying in the dung."
76561198296288147,Recommended,516750,29112917,Posted: 8 January,all,BattleX Gamer,This does lag so be warned but over thaat this game is good
,Recommended,516750,29107305,Posted: 7 January,all,BRAAP♛,"So realistic it's boring.Seriously the survival aspect of this game is very intense and can kill you if not done correctly. Always make sure you're clean and in no need for a♥♥♥♥♥♥or a pizza. Not forfilling your needs can kill you.The building aspect is spot-on. No help, no steps, no color coating. Heck, you even have to find out what size wrench you need! Thank god there are guides on steam because missing a simple bolt can lead to malfunctioning brakes or loosing your steering wheel.In my opinion...+ Amazing Physics+ Graphics/Optimization+ Simple Controls+ Very diffficult game+ Wheel compatible- Glitches sometimes- Weird save system- Always having to eat, sleep, drink, pee and clean can make this car game into a survival game.*Disabled hunger, thirst, sleep and urine so I could properly spend time with the car.*Total time to build car: 3.5 hours with Steam Guide."
,Recommended,516750,27459234,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Brasilo,My Summer Love!
76561198319004615,Recommended,516750,33441892,Posted: 10 July,all,theimpatientmess,"love the game would recommend, just loose car parts way too easily, and cannot find them again, just needs a little shop where you can buy replacement car parts, engine, body, running gear, etc, apart from that, the game is amazing, it definately needs another car, but overall love this game"
76561198157557363,Recommended,516750,33401997,Posted: 9 July,all,TheMozGoz Hellcase.com,"It just came two white cars, on at the left side of the road and the other at thr right. I totally died. But great game overall.This game is perfect if you like cars, building cars and survival games.10/10"
,Recommended,516750,33401947,Posted: 9 July,all,BredMirror,This game is pure fun :)
,Recommended,516750,33402456,Posted: 9 July,all,CloudBreaker,I came for the sausages and beer.
,Recommended,516750,33419275,Posted: 9 July,all,killer666,"Very interesting game, lots to do, frustrating, funny, annoying, funny,my big  complaint, I find it really hard to enjoy, the game is terribly optimized, I exceed the system requirements and it runs like crap on my computer.... i get like 15-25 fps, it makes it really hard to drive... either than thatyou can drink beer,you can fix stuff,you can dierepeat..."
76561198329155115,Recommended,516750,33458759,Posted: 11 July,all,PurpleSlayer135,"My summer car, i dont even know where to begin, this game has everything to offer and to tamper with and to build assemble and dissembile and rebuild andexplore and work, highly recomend"
76561198355584614,Recommended,516750,33459312,Posted: 11 July,all,chase.gerton,This game is really cool and fun but can be a little too complicated. I didn't want to spend a whole day trying to put the car together and getting killed by things like trees going only 30 km/h is frustrating but overall I would give this game a five star review and recommend anyone that loves car games to play
76561198097880028,Recommended,516750,32287967,Posted: 9 June,all,ow en,"Step One - Go to chop woodStep Two - Find BoozeStep Three - Drink BoozeStep Four - Fill traler with chopped wood while♥♥♥♥♥♥drunkStep Five - Deliver Traler while still buzzedStep Six - Go HomeStep Seven - SleepStep Eight - RepeatSeriously though this game is really fun as long as you have somewhat of an understanding of how a car works and have a reliable guide. You need to be patient with this game. If you arnt, you WILL run into issues with your car. This is a great game to start up, and listen to your playlist while building up the car and ""relax""."
,Recommended,516750,33346089,Posted: 7 July,all,TheFlobby,"Never thought I'd chop wood and buy groceries in this game. Oh how much I love this game, even if I've currently only played for 4 hours."
,Recommended,516750,33434046,Posted: 10 July,all,beta,Knew practically nothing about engines. Putting pistons in backwards without a crackshaft etc.Now my Satsuma is certified safe for Finnish roads.10/10 would Satan again
,Recommended,516750,27129129,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Luisrodris,Infuriatingly fun.
,Recommended,516750,33461543,Posted: 11 July,all,SchisM,"My summer car is a brilliant yet frustrating game in which you basically build your own car... from scratch. It is insanely time consuming and you end up losing hours in this game. There aren't many things to dislike about this game but 3 things I personally would add in are; A quicksave feature, a portable map as in the early stages of the game it is hard to navigate and finally an instruction booklet to build the car should people want it.Overall great game"
,Recommended,516750,33473985,Posted: 12 July,all,Pickle Rick,"I drove with my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ car to the bar for some vodka, I drank a lot. So much that I fell unconscious and woke up in my shed with some beer next to me. 10/10 would do it again."
,Recommended,516750,33493348,Posted: 12 July,all,Streaxu,Just like home.10/10
,Recommended,516750,33491330,Posted: 12 July,all,Crosby,"This game is a struggle, it takes alot of time, it's alot more difficult than it looks, and I die alot. If you can master this game, than it is definitely worth the time commitment, and it feels awesome when you actually get some♥♥♥♥♥♥done."
76561198145340305,Recommended,516750,33508033,Posted: 13 July,all,Derekplays,Great game my only problem is that it lags for me but it happens when you have a potato laptop i rate 10 out of 10
,Recommended,516750,30577592,Posted: 17 March,all,our lord and saviour bill cosby,this game made me lose trust in japanese cars
,Recommended,516750,33530786,Posted: 14 July,all,Luna,Summary:Spend 3 hours building car. Finish. Get too tired and stop playing. Come back 3 days later and remember you wiped your windows and you safe is gone.I did that 5 times and kept coming back at this game it's so f***** good man.The beginning is slow but when you get used to it and get the mechanics you start to find enjoyment.
,Recommended,516750,30128810,Posted: 23 February,all,mallard,+rep swore at Timo and he said mean things to me
76561198293719642,Recommended,516750,31490897,Posted: 1 May,all,ryanb4234,i love the game i cannot beleve only one person made iti do have one problem my tractor is stuck in a tree and if tried everything can somone help me
76561198338802230,Recommended,516750,31494533,Posted: 1 May,all,Alex,I think this game needs a flat bed trailor and a pickup truck and mabee a camper that is like the cabin that can be hooked up by the pick up truck
76561198236679748,Recommended,516750,31492033,Posted: 1 May,all,★ JouleZ F*** Mumble Rap ★,So... the game is very funny and dificult the game engine is diferent and original and that´s is why I love this game but I think that the devoloper could add more cars or maps in other countrys because this game is called my summer car and it would be great to have diferent summers in diferent countrys I don´t know if you get what I mean but basically this game with more maps and cars would be 11/10
,Recommended,516750,31513217,Posted: 2 May,all,HowHard,"Amazing, just what I've always wanted! Please keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,516750,31420142,Posted: 28 April,all,Strike Commander Ausar The Vile,"Olen Teimo Ruokakaupan omistajasta Peräjärvestä.Joku Kesselinperän kaveri varastaa minun olutta (ja makkarat) ja pistä koko ""komea"" kasvoni, tappaa hänet, hukuttaa hänet viemäriin hyvin, jos haluat.(Ihmettelen, mitä sanomalehti sanoo tästä ...)Peräjärveläinen mies hukkui lietekaivoonI'm Teimo from Peräjärvi, owner of a grocery shop.Some guy from Kesselinperä keeps stealing my beer (and my sausages) and peeing all over my 'handsome' face, kill him please,drown him in the sewage well if you please.(I wonder what will the newspaper say about this...)Drowned man found from sewage well﻿*Im trying my best to make this review funnyR8 8/8 PLS NO H8 M8 OK?, GR8I wish i had enough time to play this finnish masterpieceAnd Google Translate helped me making this stupid review, so pls no h8 m8"
76561198179552349,Recommended,516750,31654505,Posted: 9 May,all,<No•Aim>™,"I have a problem , if i sit in car and go ""drive"" my game crash , how i fix it? / I try re-install , i try restar pc, nothing help still this problem /"
76561198339040486,Recommended,516750,31655563,Posted: 9 May,all,darrenhodgetts1,cool game love it
,Recommended,516750,31690688,Posted: 11 May,all,Firestorm,"Most amazing, Challenging game EVER!!!! I love the Car, A Datsun 100A, But could XBox controller Support be one the next things added? I use mine all the time and just get really used to it. Do you also think that eventually, you could add another Buildable Car? I recommend a Datsun 240z, Because they were Rear-Wheel Drive, as opposed to the Front Wheel drive 100A in the game. They were even the car DRIFTING was invented in!Just a few Recommendations, and I hope You listen!"
,Recommended,516750,31687851,Posted: 11 May,all,ThatTom,"Steering is glicky, brakes don't work, the engine blows up and the door fell of oh well another day in Finland. My Summer car is a fun game that has so much to do drive a car, a moped, a sewage truck r even steal the mechanics car plus the game does have issues and a lot of them but that is what makes the game the way it is"
76561197996609012,Recommended,516750,31665892,Posted: 10 May,all,Calswei♔,"WARNING: THIS GAME ISN'T FOR EVERYBODYAnd I really cannot stress that enough!This game is absolutly painful to play, the walking speed is unforgivably slow and the game is rlentless and unforgiving.Oh you wanna go sailing... JOKES ON YOU, you have just ran out of fuel with zero warning and now your only option is to swim back to shore with the aforementioned painful movemment speed. and if you had any important items in the boat with you well pick your favourite cause you can only carry one item at a time.The game describes itselg as having a ""autistic approach to car building""... ♥♥♥♥ ME is that an understatement!So with all this why do I still like and reccomend this game?Because with all this challenge comes a even bigger sense of achievment when things finally go right.not since Dark Souls have I felt such a sense of achievment as I did when I first took my newly built car onto the road.Get this game if you liek a challange, but beware, the game will make you question why you even started to try with it's absolutely painful punishment."
,Recommended,516750,31713487,Posted: 12 May,all,alexthegreat402,"Well I've had this game now for like two weeks. Clocked in about 42 hours already, thanks to being a man and playing perma-death. I always died on the way or leaving from picking up ordered parts. (much excite).This game is awesome, wish there were other cars to own, fix up, mod. Maybe with the full release here soon? **fingers crossed** It is def a fun one for car enthusiasts out there like myself. Even if it's not a ""racing"" game I really enjoyed putting the pieces together and tightening all the bolts, because working on cars is definitely not as easy in real life. Once all the parts are together and you start her up for the first time, or however many times you died, its just a sense of accomplishment that gets me. Like ""yeah, I did something!""It's definitely a one of a kind game, and look forward to seeing more stuff like this and this game expand as well."
76561198085776461,Recommended,516750,31718681,Posted: 13 May,all,Ctmnl,Love the idea of the game. Hope they will improve it.
76561198329945860,Recommended,516750,31730084,Posted: 13 May,all,dopey,Great game! all that it needs now is MULTIPLAYER. Please.
76561198253812409,Recommended,516750,31722682,Posted: 13 May,all,gillandrew,"Absolutely amazing, building my car and dying horribly hasn't gotten old yet. The bike is also an utter death trap, brilliant."
,Recommended,516750,31736998,Posted: 13 May,all,Lister,Really unique game. Highly entertaining and fun. And for such a cheap title it has better driving dynamics than most AAA games. Buy it. Then watch out for the green car.
76561198081923224,Recommended,516750,31746386,Posted: 14 May,all,James The Wolf,"oh god, where to start. this game is a bucket of fun, the amount of ways you can die is fantasitic, 100% recommend this game"
76561198349168518,Recommended,516750,31654550,Posted: 9 May,all,boomcgh,very good game but when ever i try to go to driving mod it shuts me out of the game! only work on the boat
,Recommended,516750,31736963,Posted: 13 May,all,Soggy,building a car is fun sataana ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198132234575,Recommended,516750,31402748,Posted: 27 April,all,Jumala ukkonen aka saatana,"If you liked ""Jalopy"" you'll love this! It's jalopy but with a hard mode"
,Recommended,516750,26976312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soup'um,"If you enjoy the kinds of games like Euro Truck Simulator 2 or Car Mechanic Simulator, then My Summer Car is the Dark Souls of both.On the ETS2 side, your first task is popping down to the shops in a van that can't go over 45kph and has steering that will crash you into a tree half the time unless you go under 25kph. On the CMS side, prepare to tear your hair out with a project car that requires down to the bolts accuracy to get the engine to turn over, let alone drive.The graphics may be a bit ""My Summer Unity Project"", and some of the systems may not quite work right, but it all adds to the appeal. MSC proves that if you infuriate the player in just the right way, it can improve the game instead of ruin it.If, for whatever reason, you need to get away from the life you're currently living, then this is the Finnish vacation you've always wanted.Just make sure you're ready to see that ""YOUNG MALE DEAD IN CAR CRASH"" screen a lot."
,Recommended,516750,29016412,Posted: 4 January,all,Näätä,Very nais game as a finnish person this 100% matches my day
,Recommended,516750,29279047,Posted: 15 January,all,GeneralSkibz,"This game is epic!Still early access so not evening is quite dialed in. ( lost a shock obsorber under the driveway slab, had to restart.) But hell, you restart so many times anyway and every time it's a 10/10 fun time.Keep up the good work devs!"
,Recommended,516750,31038035,Posted: 9 April,all,Allu,good
76561198277433398,Recommended,516750,30129684,Posted: 23 February,all,Sagging,I played it a little and just to let upcoming buyers know you have to be a bit knowing of cars in genrel. (sorry for misspelling i wrot this quick)
,Recommended,516750,30130069,Posted: 23 February,all,SKYGAMING1997,Needs fixing.The racing exhaust pipe will not stay bolted on. i get it bolted on it stays but after i save its no longer bolted on and is on the ground. even when i use the MSC Editor and cheat to get it on it still doesnt stay on at all. This is a serious problem to me and gives me a huge headacke (not like getting the exhaust pipe itself isnt hard enough to get on) Other than that its great so far but would love to see more roads in the future like paved roads. But mainly i would love for the glicth to be fixed before it gives me a even bigger headacke. for now ill use the old exhaust pipe and when the game updates ill try it again and hopefully that bug will be fixed.
,Recommended,516750,29734462,Posted: 5 February,all,Tang Fu Han,11/10 Getting On The♥♥♥♥♥♥Simulater
76561198278310635,Recommended,516750,29766610,Posted: 7 February,all,EmiTheCat2,nice. but the graphic not so god but is nice
76561198353518432,Recommended,516750,29772804,Posted: 7 February,all,Ben Dover™,It's a really good game I just have requests more cars a motorcycle or a few and a handheld map or a gps
76561198078131739,Recommended,516750,29804294,Posted: 9 February,all,tidyshark,"This game is pretty awesome. After watching a few instructional videos, I learned how to play it and it's actually pretty fun."
,Recommended,516750,29804842,Posted: 9 February,all,lil kek,"i REALLY like this game but its so ♥♥♥♥ing difficult. i hate dying becase ur ♥♥♥♥ed if you do die and then you have to restart the ♥♥♥♥in game. i once finished the car and went to the store to get a jerry can. i went to the store, grabbed my jerry can and went back. the last second befory my home i died, respawned, and my van disappeared. its a really fun game but quite difficult. even though i really like this game idk if 15 euros is the perfect price. get it when its on sale"
76561198039738544,Recommended,516750,26238056,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Goldfish,"I passed out with alcohol and woke up on Finnish woods next morning, aka Finnish morning woods, went back home to drink and my bladder exploded.https://youtu.be/CZsZk10v1_IMARJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
76561198298980981,Recommended,516750,29811633,Posted: 9 February,all,SAM_BURRELL_02,"This game is so fun. I didn't want to go to sleep for the first time in ages because of this game. There are a few bugs and glitches here and there, but what do you expect from an early access game. I highly recommend this if you are big into cars."
76561198115461397,Recommended,516750,31027325,Posted: 8 April,all,The_Frechiest_Fry,Made a character called VODKA VODKA then slamed into a tree at mach 8 speed10/10 would drink vodka again
,Not Recommended,516750,29808750,Posted: 9 February,all,Lewis_thegamer2nd,How do you even open the menu or Controls...
76561198043152937,Recommended,516750,29792232,Posted: 8 February,all,Lyrk,It is a great game with alot of potential but their are a few bugs and hickups but with alittle more calibration and time it could become a great game.
76561198127445347,Recommended,516750,29788868,Posted: 8 February,all,FrankHD,i own a junk♥♥♥♥♥camaro and have swapped the motor and other various mods and i can firmly say this is more difficult then real life i cant tell you how many minutes ive spent trying to figure out what size wrench fits on the bolts i eventally just deleted it cause im a ♥♥♥♥♥ try it out its mad fun tho
,Recommended,516750,28319494,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Pyhis Pahis,This is realism.
76561198019923479,Recommended,516750,30111077,Posted: 22 February,all,NoldoCelu,"This is one of the most infuriating games I have ever played. But it's an excellent motivator to learn about cars.You won't find a better car builder simulator (not even car mechanic simulator).The survival elements adds a lot to the immersion of the game, and the complete nonexistence of guidance will have you squeeling in fustration (just look at ""Many A True Nerd""'s playthrough on youtube)But it's addicting and rewarding when you finally get it. (unless you already know cars, in which case it's probably not as fustrating)"
,Recommended,516750,32054248,Posted: 29 May,all,YellowBanan,"Probably one of the most unique and fun games Ive played in a long time. Half the fun is thinking youve got your cars tuning just right and then your engine explodes.  10/10, also the new intro is fantastic."
,Recommended,516750,32092582,Posted: 31 May,all,RedWolf,Can drown in a sewage well 10/10
76561198475280587,Recommended,516750,32074122,Posted: 30 May,all,jackmack1,One of the best simulation games I ever playedTotally recommend this to anyone who is interested to play it
,Recommended,516750,32103748,Posted: 1 June,all,JimmiG,"The game is frustrating, but also rewarding. One of the most rewarding moments in my gaming life was when starting the car for the first time after having built it, literally piece by piece. It ticked, squealed and backfired, and could hardly steer, but it RAN!I'm normally not a fan of ""meta-gaming"", but with this game, you will need to consult guides and walkthroughs. You could guess at the number of bolts and the size of each, but it would take an incredible amount of time and patience. Even with a step-by-step guide, you will miss bolts and fail to attach components properly, only realizing it when they fall off while driving.The game trolls you at every opportunity. It's sometimes hard to determine whether it's deliberate or just poor game design, since there are so many annoying aspects to it, from glitches and bugs to frustrating game mechanics. To prevent save scumming, you only have one save slot and can only save at certain locations. If you happen to have a real life, this could mean abandoning your progress because you can't get to a save point in time. Be sure to keep multiple copies of your save files because sometimes the game glitches out, damaging your car or killing you.Visually, it's nothing remarkable, but having grown up in northern Sweden with similar nature and culture, I have to say it's quite accurate. Everything is exaggerated for comedic effect, but the feeling of a rural Nordic town in the mid 90's is spot on.The main focus is obviously building your car, and once you have the car and a few upgrades, there isn't much incentive to keep playing. There are a variety of jobs to do, but it gets grindy after a while, especially when you no longer need to finance car upgrades. The developer is adding more stuff every month though, so maybe there will be more activities before the game comes out of EA. At the current low price, it's hard to complain though."
,Recommended,516750,31447667,Posted: 29 April,all,Shinigami,"I recently bought Dark Souls III because I wanted some hard gameplaydark souls is nothing compared to the difficulty of this gamethe AI are out to kill you no matter where you areIf your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ driving skills wont kill you, a single screw missplaced in your engine will cause you to spin out in a 698536547890268934 degree turn, causing you to die because a pixel of a tree hit you"
76561198312628686,Recommended,516750,29350663,Posted: 18 January,all,RaBBiTSWYD,"Highly recomend. If your into building cars as much as cracking the ♥♥♥♥♥ buildiing one, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,516750,32187582,Posted: 4 June,all,Tobo,I've never raged this hard while playing any game ever.
76561198017258900,Recommended,516750,32209307,Posted: 5 June,all,✪PRP-02,Great game! Glad that its constantly being updated.
76561198193658662,Recommended,516750,33327463,Posted: 6 July,all,carlos429120,im kinda upset with this game ok i put my car in the shop and i got the call to pick it up so i did but i cold not get it out of ger so i bring it home by towing it and the phone ring the gye telling me to pick my car up but i all reddy have it at home and i still cant drive my car it seams to be gliched now the sad part about this now i haft to start my game all over agen i hope thay can fix this thanks
76561198219497907,Recommended,516750,33356895,Posted: 7 July,all,DragonSlayer,"I really like the realistic part of the game, being able to build an engine and then drive it!"
,Recommended,516750,33246418,Posted: 4 July,all,Bajkonur,funny and little bit brain teaser game which is trying to kill your character in every situation by often also funny cause of death :)
76561198193101565,Recommended,516750,33242830,Posted: 4 July,all,KehlV1276,my fav game!!! :D
,Recommended,516750,33215870,Posted: 3 July,all,FutboleroR10,10/10... would drink and drive again as I flip off everyone.
,Recommended,516750,33217656,Posted: 3 July,all,Sam Hammich,i hate this awesome game so much.
,Recommended,516750,33225832,Posted: 4 July,all,AFTON,My Summer Car is the kind of game you buy that does not have a story its free roam you can play and get into the game at any time its not like most games that you play through once and then again a few years laterThe Controls:The controls are like nothing i have ever played before but thats not a bad thing in fact the controls feel very natural you will most likely need to go to the control menu to see wich button is wich but once you know the controls it be fun to drive the cars or drink beer or throw♥♥♥♥♥♥around the driveway.Graphies: on the highest settings the game dosnt look like the most advanced thing ever but thats not why we play games we play them because there fun but they do look really good and the game will run with 60fps on the highset settings on most pc even if they are not gaming pcs (Tip: if your game is laggy on the highset settings them disable the shadows and reflections that way you can still play on hightest settings and get a good framerate i found that trick when i was helping my friend getting his game non-laggy)Overall i would say if you would like a game that you can always play and get into at any time and a game that has lots of fun content and just a game you can do all kinds of crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥in then get this gameand as a last warning you will need to be patience when playing this gamePS I might update this review as time goes on
,Recommended,516750,33216753,Posted: 3 July,all,gimguy711,"Solid 8/10 overall.Not for the faint hearted. Took 4+ hours and 2 restarts to build the car. Do yourself a favour and make a non-permadeath save; you will be grateful. While many of the negative reviews are true in saying the game is trash, this trash is art in it's own, beautiful, f*cked up way. It's early access, but I'm very impressed. There are some frustrating bugs, but they teach you fundamental skills anyways, such as backing up files, which I suggest you do in the case of a freak accident that will 100% happen during any playthrough. The devs have done an excellent job dealing with the issues by implementing resources in the game such as the landfill where glitched (through the map) items re-spawn. Personally, I find this a great alternative while they work on fixing and finalizing the product. ALSO, there is absolutely no tutorial. Period. So my suggestion, open up the in game browser and find a guide, wether it be how to build the car or just how to damn live. I'd say its worth the money, it sure has me hooked, at the time of this review, I have 17 hours played, a solid hour or so was time spent pi**ing (steam blocked the word, but replace the ** with ss), waiting for the sauna to heat up, or sitting at death screens.To sum it up, it's a fun game that will make you go insane at times, and there is not really any satisfaction with completing tasks, however, it is so charming that you can't help but go back for more.Note to devs; please allow an option to turn off the damn sound of flies when the character smells like a$$. Thank. Bless. Keep up the good work!"
76561198271997903,Recommended,516750,33301113,Posted: 5 July,all,kyler_barcellos,"ay, who knows how to screw in the spark plugs, ♥♥♥♥♥ not working"
,Recommended,516750,33390361,Posted: 8 July,all,Total newbie,"10/10 finnish rednecks!Best ""you are 19, parents are out of town, dont die drunk"" simulator.But you will die.More times than in any dark souls game :D"
76561198104112399,Recommended,516750,33383249,Posted: 8 July,all,Mexaniks,I wait long for this kind of game. It is very realistic simulator where you can build and  drive you own car. Just need to wait until it will be realised and oficial mods added.Thanks Amistech Games!
,Recommended,516750,33418418,Posted: 9 July,all,jeb kush,just pimp my car up
76561197994334451,Recommended,516750,27911761,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,lunaticdj,It's really good
,Recommended,516750,27919202,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,kot bliny,Best Finnish simulador :DDDDDDDDDDDD
,Recommended,516750,27919585,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,GAUDY PACK SHAWTY,vahvistamisesta
76561198033166355,Recommended,516750,27924969,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,tallitonttu,Best game ever!
,Recommended,516750,27925044,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Mirarara,"Came for the car building.Stayed for the beer.No, I stayed for the hardcore rally racing.The copious amounts of beer is really just encouragement.What other game allows you to build your own car, nut by bolt, then drive it to the pub to buy vodka, and then drunkenly try to avoid the DUI checkpoint by driving down dirt backroads. In the morning, you'll have to come back to collect the trail of car parts that fell off when you slammed into those trees."
,Recommended,516750,27915612,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,[3010] Sirius,"Difficult and unguiding, live the life of a guy in 90's Finland as he operates his poo-pumping and firewood cutting buisness. Face the trials of drink driving, unfriendly motorists, and the constant urge to pee on everything.Then maybe you will eventually figure out how to build the car.Took me maybe 2 hours, but I have a mechanical degree. Took my friends nearly two days."
,Recommended,516750,27931470,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lurigo,"This is such a fun, but also occasionally unforgiving game.Owning an old car myself, I was impressed by the amount of depth this game offered when it came to building and maintaining an old car. Everything from bolting the engine together and shoving it into the chassis, to bleeding the brakes and tuning the carburetor. It's really fulfilling spending a long time putting everything together, and ending up with a (mostly) drivable car. Customising it with mail-order parts is a really cool and period-specific touch.However, for people unfamiliar with cars and their inner workings, this might become confusing at times without a guide. After all, the Satsuma is effectively a 100+ piece puzzle with different tools to put each one in place.The permadeath survival aspect of the game adds a twist to the gameplay. Just like real life, you can't spend all your time on a project without taking care of yourself as well. Frequent trips to the store for supplies ensures you take a break from toiling away in your garage. That said, these trips can be dangerous at times, especially when you're in a hurry to get another case of beer to not die of thirst.There are multiple ways to earn money for supplies, parts and repairs. Chopping wood and doing sewage runs (haaah) have been my main sources of income, but one can also pick up drunk friends from the bar, or do odd jobs for the repair shop owner. Racing is also a lucrative source of money. I however have not yet managed to get my car rally-worthy, but it is something I look forward to participate in.All in all, a really fun game and time sink for car fans and people wanting something other than a jig-saw puzzle to assemble.Also, I need more beer."
,Recommended,516750,27871232,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pslyy,Authentic simulation of the Finnish summer.
76561198272267241,Recommended,516750,27935801,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,🏁🏁,Paras peli ikinä
,Recommended,516750,27932017,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Scrawl,You can pull the finger and swear is Finnish.10/10
76561198031832555,Recommended,516750,27925580,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,NDFarmer,"I'm a simple man, I see beer, I drink."
76561197976215813,Recommended,516750,27941309,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,NakedLemon Farmskins.com,"You can drink and drive, you can drink and sauna, you can drink and chop wood, you can drink and fix, BUTT mostly you can DRINK!"
,Recommended,516750,27917495,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Jeiku,"Fun game, Hard to get into if you're not into Cars or don't know the components of Engines, etc."
,Recommended,516750,27916016,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Locklear,The best game ever made.Mandatory that you buy this game and play it.
,Recommended,516750,27921912,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,FamousWolf,What a pleasant surprise this game was. I love playing it and watching other people play it on Twitch. Looking forward to see where this game goes next. Amazing what the developer has achieved.
76561198052324988,Recommended,516750,27921170,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Funniz,It's just an amazing game. It made me laugh for a good while.
,Recommended,516750,27921529,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vlodemort and da death deelers,"Want to swear, find 2nd gear blind at roughly 200kph and slam into a tree as the engine ♥♥♥♥♥ a piston instead.Want to shift, repeatedly hit swear button blindly and understeer into a tree while shouting ""VOIVITTU♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" instead.A true classic."
,Recommended,516750,27904084,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,somebodyoncetoldme,"Load in.Find beer and sausages.Drink 3 beers.Find disassembled car.Drink more beer.Find the van.Spend 10 minutes trying to start it.Put it in first and start driving trying to find town.Green car appears out of nowhere about to hit me head on,Swerve.Hit Tree.Die.10/10 GOTY"
,Recommended,516750,28325635,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Simon Bitdiddle,"This game is a lot like the title. It's a Summer Car. You play the game, have the fun and challenge of bulding this car and learning how it works in the world, earn yourself money to improve it, but after you get to the endgame, you're planning for the future.The car in the game is a summer car, it will be a bear to start in the winter, uncomfortable since there's no heater or defroster, and will be absolutely terrible in snow and heavy rain. You enjoy the car for it's time, but your mind will wander to the next thing, the next more reliable car and the next game.Buy the game for what it is, a stopping point that's enjoyable on your life's journey."
,Recommended,516750,29107351,Posted: 7 January,all,Potato Joe,"Most crap i have ever played.Would play again, 10/10."
,Recommended,516750,29001459,Posted: 4 January,all,Sgt.Derp. #FouchingRatard,"things you can do.Chop a bunch of wood.Get drunk and chop a bunch of wood.Build a datsun 100aGet drunk and and ruin a datsun 100aDrain a sewage wellGet drunk and fall into a sewage well and dieDrive to the shopGet drunk and wrap your diesel toyota hiace around a tree on your way to the shopOrder high preformance parts.Get drunk and order a bunch of usless pieces of plastic that say ""High preformance"" but in reality do nothing to speed up the car and only look cool to a 12 year oldDrive really fast and say ""POWWWERRR"" in a gravely voice.Walk around a bad neigborhood and say ""`Ello"" to a gang member and get shot.talk about a famous your where on the radioorSave alot of time and money and personel pride and buy this game and simulate all that in it."
76561198117323560,Recommended,516750,29129515,Posted: 8 January,all,ShixRazr,"You wake up get a nice breakfeast in you (alcohol and sausages), heat up the shower then go outside to see the beautiful car... Pieces I mean Pieces. After wondering why everything doesnt just snap together and realizing how in depth this game is you realize that you need to actually bolt everything together to the extent of adjusting the belt tensioner and valves. you spend 3 hours building the car to get it running to perfection than go to get it inspected and when your beautiful machine doesnt pass you decide to drive it around everywhere. Including racing laps around the town at mach 5 till you drop gears over rev the engine, blow some main bearings through the oil pan and get into a head on collision with a dumptruck.10/10 would spend another 3 hours building a car to destroy it again!"
,Recommended,516750,29017357,Posted: 4 January,all,Pablo Escobar,The only thing this game lacks is more things to do after you've played it for a while.  Next update should have more engines and cars to build.  Bring multiplayer and bring back the green thump thump car.
,Recommended,516750,28991101,Posted: 3 January,all,rockingrb1,"This is one of those games thats for a very nieche market, but it is absolutely intcredible with it's attention to detail.Loving it, looking forward to seeing where this one goes."
76561198271720315,Recommended,516750,28890273,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,keykorn,"holy heck, thats all i'v gatta say."
76561198022349842,Recommended,516750,29000366,Posted: 4 January,all,l0cc.com,life is freedom
76561198174292050,Recommended,516750,29156063,Posted: 9 January,all,PavloHD,"Honestly...from the time I've played this game, I enjoyed it a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton. I died a good like 7 times before I actually finished my car, and oh man did I enjoy every second of it. 10/10"
,Recommended,516750,29143729,Posted: 9 January,all,✪ Jansson,juu
,Recommended,516750,29181119,Posted: 11 January,all,icecreamscience,"OK, it is a bit glitchy on old computers, but the game itself is epic.I am a bit annoyed that the store is realy far away, so that makes it hard to build the engine for the drag car, but I'm thankfull  that the develepors fixed this glitch: you press the button to hijack and then push, you have 3 hands."
76561198138728000,Recommended,516750,29181344,Posted: 11 January,all,ArmordTransport,developers what can i do if i lost my gas can????
,Recommended,516750,29181368,Posted: 11 January,all,тяιℓℓ,1) spawn in confused as hell2) die of thirst by wondering what you need to do3) spawn back in4) get lost for a hour trying to find the town5) die getting to down6) give up.
,Recommended,516750,28902849,Posted: 1 January,all,SESFAWDFA,Cool😍
,Recommended,516750,28884281,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,MuffinLord45 - #TeamHeavyIsOver,"If you like simulators, this game is for you.If you like cars, this game is for you.If you like to talk about cars, this game is for you.If you like to drive cars, this game is for you.If you like to modify cars, this game is for you.If your entire life revolves around cars,THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU"
76561198341579963,Recommended,516750,28884723,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,codycalabrese322,IT sucks cause its very laggy and it makes me mad >:(
,Recommended,516750,28852628,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Papa_Bless,"this is a very fun and challenging game (even harder if you have next to no knowledge of cars and or driving) but even with that, its always fun to get drunk and swear at people"
76561198196057406,Recommended,516750,28832285,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,harampus,best game i have ever played
76561198343469603,Recommended,516750,28834966,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,thewoodlandgamers,Its fun driving the car and building them
,Recommended,516750,28829557,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,theScoon365 #newPC,got extremely hammered and chopped some wood
,Recommended,516750,28843675,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Unexpected Stag,"well what can be said about this gamepros:well thought out and detailed building processthe feeling of finishing the car is great, happiest i have felt in a game ever when i turned the key and it fired uplovely map even if the roads can cause a trip to the shop to be harder than thoughtthe food drink sleep and dirtness bars are good and give you a reason to drink beer and swear at phones.being about to♥♥♥♥♥♥up the side of the garagecons:some parts like the exshaust are tricky and somewhat impossible to fit in some cases, my first car it went on fine the second car i couldnt put it on and gave up in the endthe AI cars in the map are not only stupid but dont understand braking or slowing when you are in the way i was killed on the way to the garage with my new car in tow then went to inspect the damage in the♥♥♥♥♥♥truck and got run over again. this really put a downer on the car building as it worked and the only thing it needed was fuel but the jerry can wasnt working so thought i would take it to the shop to fill it up but that didnt happen.it would be nice to be able to take the map with you in your car, i had to look the map up on my phone to get an idea of where to go although i now know the way so this isnt the biggest issues.overall this game is great fun and given i have put over 10 hours in 2 days means it is well worth it now if i decide to put it down for a bit to morn the double death of hecker the♥♥♥♥♥♥collecter.this game does take time and some idea about cars but it is well worth it and im looking forward to seeing where it goes from here"
,Recommended,516750,30480766,Posted: 12 March,all,♈ rakPi ♈,"This game is amazing..I never see something like this, the guy who created this must be some amazing guy.. or Satana!"
76561198066131138,Recommended,516750,31095743,Posted: 12 April,all,Gaston,"I see SO many similarities to my own childhood in Denmark..... :-)This game is one of a kind, Grab it.."
76561198001249182,Recommended,516750,31115259,Posted: 13 April,all,Napo,I think this is a great little game lots of fun and laughs. If you like tinkering with cars and boozing it up then this game is for you.
76561198038640096,Recommended,516750,31116317,Posted: 13 April,all,CLAYTONIUS,"This is my favorite game of all time. I can't really describe the way this game makes me feel but it's fantastic. I recommend it to anyone. Though, try to figure out all of the issues you have with your car by your own troubleshooting and not by Googling it. That simply drowns out the adventure of the game. Figuring out everything by yourself gives your accomplishments SO much more value."
,Recommended,516750,31193738,Posted: 16 April,all,Becky,why is it so hard to drve van i cant get home without tipping the car can you please add option to make driving more easy
,Recommended,516750,30262111,Posted: 1 March,all,The_Dream,I love this game by far one of my fav car games. Challenge yes easy kinda but you have to know a little about a car in order to understand. Im sure there is youtube tutorials on this game.$$$$$ 5 stars
76561198203083313,Recommended,516750,30183764,Posted: 25 February,all,o|-} RottenBrit,this need a muilttplayer its the only bad thing grate game love it
76561198135400731,Recommended,516750,30183817,Posted: 25 February,all,Chowdic,This game gave me severe headaches cause no volume controls.
76561198180024722,Recommended,516750,30181397,Posted: 25 February,all,JxnAlx,"This is one of my favorite games now, It can be glitchy at time and frustrating but recommend fully to anyone who has a deep interest in cars."
,Recommended,516750,26549841,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,11Denver22,Crashed into a fence going 10 mph. Died and lost vanworst fence physics ever
76561198175696119,Recommended,516750,26402591,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Abzdot,loaded into gametryed to build an enginelost parts for enginegot in van to get more partssaw a really nice carstole itwent 80kmh down hilllost controlcrashedDied...100/10 very fun!
,Recommended,516750,31187990,Posted: 16 April,all,Curtis,10/10 #1 car game. verry realistic!
76561197979095986,Recommended,516750,29298772,Posted: 16 January,all,Sgt. Rock,"Being a mechanic by trade, a few things irked me, bolts threading in the wrong way for starters.Ok 1st, second and third attempts ended in death. Road deaths, mostly. Trees are evil.Read about option to uncheck permadeath; dont see it. I finally, after many many hours built my car, worked out all the bugs, well most, the brakes still werent working, and I had some overheating issues, but, BUT, I had built a damn car within a game, a working, functioning car, and I was tearing up my front yard with it- I can honestly say I have never been so satisified by a game, as it wasn't easy to get there. I finally start sucking♥♥♥♥♥♥out of sewers, clip a car on the highway at high speed, roll my♥♥♥♥♥♥truck, and get killed by a hit and run driver. Lose my save. I dont know whether to hunt the dev down like a dog or send him more money... I am totally and utterly confused and not sure what to think. Do it again? what the hell. Nothing better to do I guess."
,Recommended,516750,29311606,Posted: 16 January,all,:v,spend a few hours building a carspend a few more hours tuning a carspend a few hours driving a carspend 3 seconds killing yoursekf in a carrepeat
,Recommended,516750,26650138,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,skol600ml,"This game is for when you're relaxed, calm and happy and want to all those feeling be vanished in seconds.There is a lot of space for this game archive greatness, hope developers keep doing a great work."
,Recommended,516750,26235875,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Brainles5,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,516750,26237372,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Cpt CoolVille,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,516750,29318629,Posted: 17 January,all,Артемий,Very annonoying and enjoyable game. Still waiting for some more updates but the game is already awesome. Big thanks to the creator of the game couse he made an awesome game. As for one person developer it is awesome. I can recommend it to anyone who likes car.
76561198116562989,Recommended,516750,29323733,Posted: 17 January,all,Tiny Rick,"Very good, worth the money"
,Recommended,516750,26221071,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,hungryGamers,great game realy fustrating when you miss 1 thing for the engine and have to take it all down to put the 1 piece on all part of the fun even when you die going to the shop in the van by someone hitting you all in all great game cant wait to see where it ends up hopfully a diffrent choice of cars :)
76561198025189811,Recommended,516750,29368191,Posted: 19 January,all,ReaperMadness,"So Good, Lots of Content, A Fun Play>>> Hope They Add More(Cars, Engine's, Part's, Place's)Overall Badass"
76561198288910534,Recommended,516750,28527427,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,chevymom3,i love this game!!! please add a workshop! THANKS! And add more trucks and cars(not AI)
76561198228181596,Recommended,516750,29359646,Posted: 19 January,all,Esab Welding,6/5 great simulator
,Recommended,516750,29375621,Posted: 20 January,all,maxfelemban,if only you add multiplayer that will be great
,Recommended,516750,27073052,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Haukka,Yolo
,Recommended,516750,29314390,Posted: 17 January,all,StandingCow,Don't let the graphics and silliness fool you.... this game has a really detailed car building simulation.  Not only do you build the engine part by part but you also have to tune it to run properly.Looking forward to see what future updates hold.
,Recommended,516750,29308945,Posted: 16 January,all,The Sodomizing Salamander,"Pretty neat if you're a car fan.However, after accidentally getting myself drunk and rolling my van at least three times, I decided I was not a true Fin.Only heavy amounts of real alcohol can protect you from this...thing.[EUROBEAT INTENSIFIES]"
76561198094658534,Recommended,516750,29309250,Posted: 16 January,all,sanchez2783,Great game!!!! Top Shelf
76561198001797187,Recommended,516750,29300772,Posted: 16 January,all,TClark5950,This game is neat
,Recommended,516750,29302568,Posted: 16 January,all,Runar,So fu**ing frustrating!10/10 Best ragequit I've ever experienced.
,Recommended,516750,29304086,Posted: 16 January,all,shawncoolarmy,good game in all but can you make it to were when you die you have they option to respawn back home please unstead of restarting all overagain other then that its a great game.
76561198210365567,Recommended,516750,29305253,Posted: 16 January,all,rietschabeast18,"my game is very broken i have engine parts not existing, and my sauna doesnt work but other wise this is a good game"
,Recommended,516750,29290756,Posted: 15 January,all,Kestrel,Managed to kill myself by peeing in my own mouth.10/10
,Recommended,516750,29292863,Posted: 16 January,all,Lioumer,"One of my favorite games about cars..!! i need to see more from developers on next updates..I love to see and durability on the car parts.. and a computer or a shop, to buy the products to replace them... ( Just a idea ) =P"
,Recommended,516750,29294190,Posted: 16 January,all,trashbyte,"After several hours of sticking things onto other things, I realize I'm missing a part. I'll just go to the store to pick it up....It's been 12 hours. It's dark now. I'm lost. None of these roads look familiar. I've veered off the road at least five times now. I think I'm dying of thirst.I just wanted a fan belt.Finally, I make it home. I chug 4 beers and cram and entire package of sausages into my mouth before I drop dead.The next morning I realize I forgot to get food at the store...---If you like cars, building stuff, frustration, and/or dying, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,516750,29761404,Posted: 7 February,all,么 F^nk 么,Just buy it <3
76561198271059446,Recommended,516750,29435538,Posted: 22 January,all,Brian o'conner,i cant start the game im in new game when i click it dose not say start game need help
,Recommended,516750,29750313,Posted: 6 February,all,MSM.,its a game
,Recommended,516750,29749044,Posted: 6 February,all,Kettus15 Hellcase.com,Wow Ded man yellow car rip
,Recommended,516750,29728165,Posted: 5 February,all,The Lone Cheez-it,After 20 hours into the game I can finaly say that I have made it to the store.
76561198258904081,Recommended,516750,29589662,Posted: 30 January,all,datdriftdo #åkabött,This game is awzome!! But when dous a new uppdate come?
,Recommended,516750,29753419,Posted: 6 February,all,ToastinYou 5X-32,"Very fun game, love it!"
76561198010358858,Recommended,516750,29786030,Posted: 8 February,all,Walker799,"Drop wrench: PÈRKELE!!Car drops down in grease pit: VITO SÂATANA!!!Car breaks down middle of nowhere: @#!?%* Keyboard stuck in wallRinse and repeat.8,4/10 Pottsmellj"
76561198217154893,Recommended,516750,30118341,Posted: 23 February,all,victor hofvander,the best game ever!!!
,Recommended,516750,30018048,Posted: 18 February,all,DaddyMemeMaster,"This game is rewarding and frustrating at the same time and I really enjoyed the time I spent in this game so far, I did have some minor rage quits but I kept coming backI'll name a few good and bad things about the game-I guess the driving mechanics are realistic(I don't have any driving experience in real life so I can't really talk honestly about this topic)-a challenging game that requires a lot of perseverance-a nice soundtrack-almost everything is in Finnish, so you learn some Finnish words here and there(ofcourse, the important things are translated to English)-more than enough to do-very detailed car customisation/buildingthose were some of the things I enjoy about this game, now I'll name some things that kinda tiggered me-REALLY hard(took me 4 hours in real life to get the groceries)-the AI drivers are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s-almost everything is Finnish, although I also consider this a good thing, it can get hard understanding everything-the dying, you die a lotI defenitly reccomend this game, worth the price you buy it for"
76561198023222490,Not Recommended,516750,30109980,Posted: 22 February,all,MegaManX,"The game isn't hard to play.  However, I would like to see some UI improvments, and some useability tweeks.  Right now, I find the game difficult to control.  The map could use some updating too."
76561198330990405,Recommended,516750,29962544,Posted: 16 February,all,DOT.,gg
76561198141766096,Recommended,516750,30028783,Posted: 19 February,all,Stark,"23.1 hours i've played this game for. Here's my ten pence:- Van is too light, throws itself around constantly- Van first gear is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to drive in as you spin out- Truck is a bit thirsty on diesel+ The game itself- FPS degrades over time, it's noticeable when at the house. To fix it, i have to quit the game+ Building your own car- The hitbox (the dot in middle of screen) is a bit annoying and doesn't tend to register properly. To pick 90% of the items up, i have to crouch+ The items you can buy+ Graphics+ Physics- Unstable items, car flings into air sometimes when jacked up- Tractor doesn't work properly when using forklift- Items don't despawn (could be why FPS is bad)There are a lot of negatives that i've pointed out and i had more + and - but can't remember them. I still very much enjoy this game and i work around the negatives above. It's early access so that's fair enough. I hope to see the following new features in the future:+ New cars to build+ Planes maybe? A New suburb? Or planes to build? The reason i say this is because there is an airport but nothing to go with it+ New car items, possibly as flexible as possible when upgrading your car.+ New jobs+ Ability to upgrade van and truck ?+ Possibly multiplayer? Not sure how that would fit in+ Ability to run your own mechanic shop and fix other peoples cars?This game has a lot of potential. Especially if new features are added.Oh and to prove how serious i think they game is/may be, This is my first review ever AND it's very very rare i buy a game because i don't usually like them. I bought this one without hesitation."
76561198038452493,Recommended,516750,29995346,Posted: 17 February,all,Mohgew,"Fitted new wheels, a new steering wheel and some gauges to my car. Took it for a test drive, crashed into the water and couldn't push it out. Starting drinking beer to get drunk and teleport home to get the sewage truck to pull my car out. Ran out of beer, so started walking back home following the railway track. Walked at least twice the distance because I was drunk as a skund and was swaying all over the road. Died of dehydration the very second I saw my house. 10/10 would die with my house in sight again."
,Recommended,516750,30012531,Posted: 18 February,all,OxiCM,Wow.I'm a mechanic and this game is impossible lol.
76561198174312197,Recommended,516750,29768803,Posted: 7 February,all,Hasse,IT´S THE BEST FKN GAME EVER...i can play it all day long and dont get tired of it and its really nice for guys like me who also like cars. i recommend this game af HOWBOW DAHH?
76561198077823613,Recommended,516750,29768142,Posted: 7 February,all,EZ BUY MEME,it's okay
76561198188542823,Recommended,516750,29832342,Posted: 10 February,all,TheGamingWolf39,Great game I love it. But please add in a feture where you can modify the other cars.Thanks :-)
,Recommended,516750,29993317,Posted: 17 February,all,kaghy,"So far enjoyed My Summer Car.- Starts game- Decides to go shopping for food first- Doesn't know the route to town- Crashes into  a tree- Dead.....Very funny....No besides my first save, it's actually hard to build the car because it's finnicky at times to place the parts correctly and where the game accepts them to be correct.Do I recommend this game, Yes. But have in mind that this one is very time consuming because every little part and bolt has to be mounted by yourself!"
,Recommended,516750,29724356,Posted: 5 February,all,Zhan,A real accurate simulation of a rusty old car...... damn that thing know how to get to my nerves..... hahahaAnd it's realy easy to die....... realy easy..... realy....... for sure...... not joking....
,Recommended,516750,29722534,Posted: 5 February,all,NAP,"I get completely bombed every time I play this, and for that, sir, I salute you."
,Recommended,516750,29727867,Posted: 5 February,all,P A P A   A N T O N Y,This is one of the best games ive played
76561198027827437,Recommended,516750,29728125,Posted: 5 February,all,KoG Fisher,"Upsetting at times, but it is a pure joy with tons of moments of achievement! Highly recommend a controller for driving."
,Recommended,516750,29640814,Posted: 1 February,all,lirochett,"My game of the year 2016. Immersion to a new level, humor everywhere, difficulty is perfect. This game is absolutely perfect."
76561198112828317,Recommended,516750,29626995,Posted: 1 February,all,Davidteamfort,"Very interesting game. Car assembly is very detailed, AI is weird but funny, some elements of the game are implemented intentionally just to make a troll :)"
,Recommended,516750,29634468,Posted: 1 February,all,Darkpurple66,"I have never played a game like it ever before, its worth every penny. This game is a blast, it may be alittle hard to learn from the start but it's a blast when you do finally figure it out. 10/10! Love it! Working on cars, drinking beer's just doing whatever you want!"
,Recommended,516750,29559826,Posted: 29 January,all,rpc2410,I love this game but maybie a pickup truck wold be good
,Recommended,516750,29917806,Posted: 14 February,all,MytH,very fun but very frustrating
,Recommended,516750,29912814,Posted: 13 February,all,Atheist Church Mouse,"Amazing game, redneck finnish sim. money well spent exited to see were this game goes in the future. Litterly build a car from the ground up. no tutorial levels just strait into it. Also you have the super power to urinate any were you please. For instance i perfer to send my yellow liquid all over the guest bedroom. people always ask me hey why dose it smell like pee in here and i go well, its because i know you are the one who sold my son to somilian pirates and they say oh yea i did."
,Recommended,516750,29913593,Posted: 13 February,all,Pugs,A great simulator very realistic. Devs are still updating the game with new stuff. Had lots of fun building the car and messing around in the world.
,Recommended,516750,29860600,Posted: 11 February,all,That guy you hate,"I would REALLY like a menu option to turn the sound down so I could listen to my podcasts while Im playing. Its a lot of fun. Could use some polishing but I'd recomend it, especially if you don't know anything about cars, it can teach you a little bit about engines and such."
76561198202476685,Recommended,516750,29860943,Posted: 11 February,all,AustinXKiwi💠,simulation is amazing and fun
76561198272818020,Recommended,516750,29861373,Posted: 11 February,all,Rodimus,"Sadly my pc can't run this game very well... But in my oppinion its an amazing game, yes it may be that you don't have the patience to build the Satsuma but nevertheless its an comedic game for a slav ;)"
,Recommended,516750,29862754,Posted: 11 February,all,Ashes2007,"Umm. Ok suana is cool (Did I spell that correctly?). I shot my own urine through a basketbal hoop, accidentaly drank it, then... got a achievment? I Urinated on a person. Yay!. The pistons... wont fit, I get a check mark I click and then everything explodes. I drank a booze, quit playing for a few weeks. PURE MADNESS BOOZE. I hate you christmas present. Still great game!"
,Recommended,516750,29838257,Posted: 10 February,all,the_stig214,"This game is great. But they need to implement a autosave feature for , you know, SPENDING HOURS BUILDING AN ENGINE AND YOU GO TO THE STORE AND CRASH AND DIE. Good game otherwise."
76561198109723261,Recommended,516750,29870304,Posted: 12 February,all,pornhub,please add co-op thats up to 4 players or more. mabye you could make the map bigger i mean its still an early access.
76561198017249219,Recommended,516750,27981943,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aitor,"No other game would allow you to drink a case of beer while going 100kph in a septic truck, hit a police speed trap, flip the middle finger, yell profanities and escape without a ticket because a log truck rammed the police car. Most accurate Finland simulator out there. 85°Sauna/100°."
,Recommended,516750,29920057,Posted: 14 February,all,Bulbulator,This is the game that I was waiting for whole my life. Thank you.
76561198329686552,Recommended,516750,29918486,Posted: 14 February,all,Firephoenix,I think the game looks really good and from what I am seeing from alot of other reviews it seems to be okay but everytime I click begin a message just pops up saying the game has crashed
76561198035712827,Recommended,516750,26244592,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Raskis,This game is really what the life in Finland feels like... i know cuz im a from Finland... great game... many things u take for granted is harder than they look.... so the swearword(curse) button give great comfort :)  ... it is like to live in Finland.. it is so safe but yet so dangerous... its never boring... when u have alcohol... OMG such a great game... it isn't perfect to be honest but its only early access so it might be in the future :)  and u can make the game nostalgic or just cool/fun when u add ur own music to the car stereo..my only downside is how the hell to find my way to .. pleaces... i don't really know where im going so it is quite scary to take  the car to the town... cuz i might end up dead in a ditch :(   lack of road signs and maps... and its hard to know what time it is
76561198137661811,Recommended,516750,29885359,Posted: 12 February,all,nathan.meszaros48,i love this game so much!one of the best simulators out there.
,Recommended,516750,29892963,Posted: 12 February,all,Death Metal Dewtan,"This game has an unbelievable amount of potential. It has a good mix of a driving and mechanic simulator with a bit of a survival gameplay thrown in with the needs system, making a perfect game for me. There still is a lack of content, which is acceptable for this early of a game, but i am very excited to see where the devs take this game, hopefully with workshop support very soon."
,Recommended,516750,29938119,Posted: 15 February,all,IceWater,This is a good game but you need some nerves playing this+Really great concept but needs a little bit polishing+Realistic+I love the jobs you can doNow for the negative part-of you die lets say at the pub you reset at your home and the truck is still at town-fatigue is little too fastThis was my review and you may disagree with it but with all these things in mind i certainly would buy this game if you like cars and building them.
76561197979404637,Recommended,516750,29506858,Posted: 26 January,all,KanervA,36hrs and im done. But it was hard and good. Waiting for BIG updates!
76561198069408667,Recommended,516750,29428921,Posted: 22 January,all,Slipping,Kill me!
76561198064781560,Recommended,516750,29422173,Posted: 22 January,all,Magpie,"What a Game, Love it!!! A must buy for car lovers!"
76561198000418914,Recommended,516750,29524746,Posted: 27 January,all,Teddy,very good game has a lot of potential takes time but you feel like you have achieved somethink when its finaly all built
76561197999412669,Recommended,516750,29510409,Posted: 26 January,all,BangBang,"That house is haunted I swear. Dont let the title fool you. More like ""I Know What You Did Last Summer Car""Would sleep with flashlight again."
,Recommended,516750,29434868,Posted: 22 January,all,h4tfan,"Try->Fail. Try again->Fail. The obstacles needed to prevent a death are annoying, but the gratification from completing the car overshadow them. Food, Rest and Hygiene will kill you if unattended. Jeez, just let me have a beer and work with the car. The current development only allows for tear-down and build of 1 vehicle. I wish for more and hope this spawns a new era of car games to come."
76561198254142509,Recommended,516750,29378600,Posted: 20 January,all,димооон,Great game! Would be awesome if it had multiplayer :) !
,Recommended,516750,29273655,Posted: 15 January,all,Rookie,> Set out with the intention of building a car> Ended up having a heart attack whilst trying to work a sauna10/10 it's the spring of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for sure!
76561198059227666,Recommended,516750,29332696,Posted: 18 January,all,golden-dush,"This game can be extremely buggy, irritating, and plain out frustrating at times, but when you eventualy solve the problems of constructing the car, it can bring the most satisfying feelings ever. Yes, this game isn't for everyone but if you've got the money and time to play, I'd definetly recommend getting it. I find the game really captivating and pleasing!!Currently trying to pimp my car up in a non-permadeath game... I am not going to have some crazy death ruin my experience LOL"
76561198026903771,Recommended,516750,29333876,Posted: 18 January,all,J.R. Bussard,"Drive to town to get fuel for the pump truck.Run out of fuel on a dirt road in the middle of nowhere.Grab jerry can and begin several km walk to town.Get thirsty, come upon a swamp.Can't drink swamp water.Pass out and die of dehydration in a ditch.11/10 Would get marooned and die again!"
,Recommended,516750,29333913,Posted: 18 January,all,Gansir Beeb,"Ignoring the pervasive goofiness and weirdness of this game, My Summer Car is genuinely enjoyable and rewarding. Nothing beats the amazing feeling of getting everything together and finally starting your Satsuma, even with all the backfiring and ticking it does at first. I'd recommend this to anyone who enjoys mechanic-style games like Jalopy."
76561198339938059,Recommended,516750,29345642,Posted: 18 January,all,wildbuffalogaming,i love this game its so addicting but i cant wate untill thay put in multiplayer thx for the grate game
76561198357905337,Recommended,516750,29346233,Posted: 18 January,all,[PSL] legomaniac618,I love this game so much. These developers know how to make a game that you can play for days. I play this game whenever i get the chance because even though there isnt tons of things to do they made a fantastic game out of what they could and i love it so much!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,516750,29345155,Posted: 18 January,all,theguyfaraway,The challenge isn't the game...it's the interface. Really like the idea of this game but interacting with objects in the world is painful at best. I can feel myself age playing this game. I still like it though because I see the potential this game has.
,Recommended,516750,29344563,Posted: 18 January,all,Whopper,Spend hour assembaling car and engine get in car try and turn on. car wont start get out look at shelf notice fly wheel. kms
,Recommended,516750,29366861,Posted: 19 January,all,Colonel Kennedy,"I started this night out drinking, then getting drunk in game and smashing my windsheild out trying to install my dash. Got so hungry I needed to take the van in search for food and supplies, got lost and punched the windsheild out of my van.So far 10/10 best game."
,Recommended,516750,29375888,Posted: 20 January,all,EpicgameEveryday,Starts Putting Engine together all quiet. 5 min later Rain starts pouring down never bother to check for Any storm clouds.Answer Phone..... Get Killed10/10 would get Shocked again
,Recommended,516750,29380089,Posted: 20 January,all,Goose,Spent 12 IRL hours building my ride from scratch.Finally finished only for the engine to explode.10/10 would not sleep again.
,Recommended,516750,29386328,Posted: 20 January,all,Kizzle,"I start the game, buzz buzz, and clear out the garage. The phone rings and some dude wants firewood, buzz, so I walk over to the woodshed and spend like 10 minutes trying to pick up the axe. No dice...buzz. I see some flask looking thing, so I drink it. DONT DRINK THE FLASK OF STUFF!! Since I was now tripping balls, couldn't pick up the axe, and that damn fly wont stop buzzing, I load up some sausage and beer into the van and start on my way. About 3 seconds later I crash into a ditch and die.5/7 perfect score. Will try again later."
76561198197962328,Recommended,516750,29838108,Posted: 10 February,all,fionafhil,"goes for simple drive to get a few new parts, later ends up in huge police chase, hits tree pays 20000 marks and has to reinstall gas tank on side of road,    100000/10 would do again"
76561198190924950,Recommended,516750,29838712,Posted: 10 February,all,Golden Armor,i'ved watched 10 vids on how to start the van in the game  but it wont strat at all and the tractor and the truck also wont start
76561198271932265,Recommended,516750,29871034,Posted: 12 February,all,MEEF,i is verry fun. 8-10 can use some improvements along the lines. but so far great game guys keep the updates coming!
76561198352453676,Recommended,516750,29836871,Posted: 10 February,all,cruefestrocks,this game is hard as hellbut it is vary fun one of the most fun little gmaes i have played in a wile
,Recommended,516750,29884402,Posted: 12 February,all,GileLoldug,very good game
76561198164542104,Recommended,516750,28851449,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Chevrolet Suburban,1. Spends an hour trying to open toolbox2. Rage Quits3. Finds out you have to press F to interact4. Realize Car mechanic was a huge lie of how cars are5. Rage Quits6. Watch some vids7. Build engine8. Can't put in half shafts9. Realize you put disc brake in then half shafts10. Builds car11. Doesn't know to buy fliuds12. Feels like an idiot13. Rage Quits14. Takes van to buy fluids and gas15. Hits green thump-thump car16. Dies17. Rage Quits18. Takes sewage tanker to store19. Buys all the sausages20. Buy 10 cases of beer21. Realize you have 200 bucks left22. Leaves23. Goes home24. Builds car25. Actually runs26. Goes to store27. Saves and quits28. Comes back29. Gets call to suck sewage30. Sucks sewage31. Fall in crap well32. Dies33. Gives up34. New save35. Successfully get car running36. Earn lots of money37. Buy parts38. Car looks good39. Drives to pub to celebrate40. Gets wasted41. Thinks can drive home42. Gets home43. Crash into garage44. Respawn45. Drinks beer46. Passes out47. Finnish wedding achievement48. Wakes up at pub49. Dies of dehydration while drinking a beer50. Rage Quits11/00 would quit again
76561198131491740,Recommended,516750,30702062,Posted: 24 March,all,seekerbay01,"This game is fun and is a good car building simulator apart from the permadeath its a good game. I would strongly recommend this game if your are into drinking, car building, jobs etc. anyway this game is fun and has a whole variety of different things to choose from."
,Recommended,516750,31088060,Posted: 11 April,all,Garret Valkarion,"buy the rollcage and racing harness ASAP, thank me later."
,Recommended,516750,31073063,Posted: 10 April,all,MXGREEKO,great game and can't wait for more content
,Recommended,516750,27833850,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ternkoil,"I'm not sure how this game happened but I'm glad that it did. If you like cars and the idea of liking Finland in the 90's, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,516750,27284760,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MadMonkeyMOW,Great time waster but if you drive stupid you will die haha
,Recommended,516750,27349778,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Josef_Mengele☭,A drunken vulgar finnish car sim
,Recommended,516750,29763486,Posted: 7 February,all,technology,"The great ""VITTULAND"" simulator about building a very great Satsuma by peeing over it."
,Recommended,516750,27514685,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,PvN,Ihan hirveä jätkesahan tämä peli on.
,Recommended,516750,27769312,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Fingersticks,"Its like playing car mechanic simulator while drunk. This game lets you live a dream that you can actually plan for in your own future! Day-drinking and wallowing in your own filth, while loosely trying not to crush yourself working underneath a car thats worth less that the garbage you propped it up on. All while using a very basic set of wrenches and an equally basic sense of what you are actually doing.Did I mention you can also take a♥♥♥♥♥♥ What if I said you could take a♥♥♥♥♥♥on yourself, and everything else within spraying range? Just like the first house I rented.... Total nostalgia...Nominated for the ""I thought this game was cool before it won an award"" award. Pretty sure the last time i urinated in public while drunk in real life, I got an award too.... Think it was free trip to somewhere... I love traveling"
76561198187977441,Recommended,516750,30245650,Posted: 28 February,all,shadowXXe,GET this game or i will come to your house and eat your PC!!!!!!
,Recommended,516750,30245973,Posted: 28 February,all,Nervniy,Amazing way to waste your life and if you love cars you will love this game (tip: don't crash)
,Recommended,516750,28232440,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,2manyblueberries,The creator managed to fix the game for now.
,Recommended,516750,28363169,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,r0psu =D,"Very good Car Game. And ""Finnish Simulator"". But one big problem is you cant buy booZe"
,Recommended,516750,31141693,Posted: 14 April,all,Kupuntu,My Summer Car may look like a joke but it's actually a very competent car building game. I'm Finnish myself so this game feels like home to me. It includes many jokes and explains them well in English (though it definitely helps to understand Finnish but it's by no means mandatory). I'm really glad it has done so well on Steam.
,Recommended,516750,27078685,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ladeeZ,Very good finland simulator :D
76561198034287305,Recommended,516750,27558206,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mastermoe2,I started my car and the crankshaft fell out.10/10
,Recommended,516750,27300021,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,axperial,The feeling when your save is gone ;(
76561198076426118,Recommended,516750,26239957,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Rick Titball,"Assembled engine.Drank case of beer.Got hungry.Got in my van to go buy more food.On the way, hit a tree and died5/7"
76561198074997021,Recommended,516750,31128127,Posted: 13 April,all,Kitty,-got game for 15 bucks-installed-started game-made new save-figured out how to eat-tried to build the engine-lost the first cylinder-gave up-looked at map for a hour-hopied into van-figured out how to disable the handbrake-started the van-moved forward at turtle speeds-almost forgot about the booze-lost control-drove into a ditch-fliped the van-waited for a car to save me in the middle of the night-hunger was about to reach its limit-starts a new save-repeat11/10 would play again
76561198050178098,Recommended,516750,31126392,Posted: 13 April,all,Hoodoo Man,I love this game. And I hate this game. For instance why did they make the engine almost impossible to install?  Should be able to just lift it up to place it until the check mark shows up and move on. But NOOO! They make an improbable hoist and then expect you to figure out a way to get it on the hoist. Then when you finally get it on the hoist and push it to the car the engine falls off the hoist while trying to place it. And then suddenly the car  triple flips into the house and you are vaulted  into intersteller space. WTF?  That is just an example of the improbable if not impossible things that happen in this game.Which brings me to the fun factor. You never know what is going to happen in My Summer Car universe. That is precisely the reason I keep playing it. I laugh my♥♥♥♥♥off at some of the weird♥♥♥♥♥♥that can and probably will happen here. It is a quirky game that some how keeps me coming back for more abuse. If you are not at least in some part a Masochist I would not play this game. It does not play by the rules. And that in essence is why I keep playing it. And is the reason that I love it and I hate it at the same time.
,Recommended,516750,31132663,Posted: 14 April,all,Kalu,We are ready for My Summer CarFeelsGoodMan
,Recommended,516750,30910614,Posted: 2 April,all,NuVanDibe,"I spent all of my money on pizza and sausages, so when I found that my car had sprung a leak and I needed to top up my brake fluid, I needed money fast. I remembered that I'd received a phone call days ago from a drunk man requesting that I deliver firewood, so I proceeded to fill up my trailer with what appears to me to be 25 thousand pounds of wood that I'd chopped with my own two hands.On the way to deliver the firewood, I was nearly hit by a speeding train. Frustrated with the rudeness of the conductor, I turned back toward the locomotive and prominently displayed my middle finger in its direction, and remarked that it could ""go home.""After delivering the firewood, the buyer said a whole lot of things in a language I didn't understand and paid me 3,200 MK for the lot of it. After accepting this money, I knocked him unconscious and stole his booze, drank it, and drove back home with extreme difficulty.Apparently, you can't choose to just sip out of a bottle, you have to down the whole thing."
,Recommended,516750,31135936,Posted: 14 April,all,Daniel L,just wow fun to play and really sucks at the same time but its going to be fun when its done
76561198331181107,Recommended,516750,28278140,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,jactherippah,Must admit took me some time getting used to this game and how it worked but a fun game overall maybe some more upgrades could be added to the satsuma such as rally/race spec running gear or aftermarket body kits. Maybe even another car to build that can be bought form the mechanic??
,Recommended,516750,26308751,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Hamz,What My Summer Car Kameh Is All Abouthttps://youtu.be/rIZ3zs26RDQThis is all you need to know.
,Recommended,516750,31048597,Posted: 9 April,all,C r y s t a l  🅱 e p i s,"Unplayable without guides.  Makes the game not fun becasue all you do is watch a youtube video on ""How to build the Car in My summer car.""  All there is to eat is a pack of sausages so you die pretty quickly without finding the store.Pranked."
,Recommended,516750,31127973,Posted: 13 April,all,HarrythePothead,honestly a super fun game. The bugs that are in the game makes the game somewhat unplayable in some aspects but i still recommend it anyway.
76561198364917150,Recommended,516750,31128782,Posted: 13 April,all,PeePee Blaster,Berkali.
76561198043639506,Recommended,516750,26370687,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Wiffie the Pigg,"After hours and hours of hard work, sweat, and tears, everything fell apart and my life is meaningless. First ever 100% accurate life simulator"
,Recommended,516750,26377795,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,TwinKilla,"Things were going great, engine was build by day 3 and I was ready to put it into the chassis. Drunk fella rings me up and wants picking up. Get in van, drink beer, drive down road. Crashed into a tree 30 seconds later and died.Painu vittuun!"
76561198067556593,Recommended,516750,26346493,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Trondiver427,So I spent the better part of 7 hours working on my wonderful car had a fridge full of sausage and counter full of beer and I built and built. And I finished the car! It had some issues obviously but with some tweaking it ran... So I decide to take it on a joy ride. It's still pulling right a bit but hey thats ok a little fix later on no biggy. So I get most of the way to town and I'm almost at the end of the road! Speed up a little since i'm exicted..... And than I flew off the side of the road and died. 11/10 rest in piece my car and 7 hours of my life.
,Recommended,516750,26427262,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Paradoxyc,I know nothing about cars.I am having so much fun
,Recommended,516750,32205859,Posted: 5 June,all,Max,Amazing Game! Briliant For If You Want To Know How Your Car Is Put Together. May Need Internet tutorial for beginers
76561198350966194,Recommended,516750,32221194,Posted: 6 June,all,thomas.johnson60,Love this game
,Recommended,516750,27357862,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fat_birb_,i have 200+ hours............................................im god of msc.........
76561198301511550,Recommended,516750,32215588,Posted: 6 June,all,FlattenedTree33,"This game is one of the most accurate simulators that i have ever played but it is by far the MOST fun. I only have about 350 hours on this game but i can easily see myself hitting 1000. you have to build a car from the ground up and tighten ever bolt on the car. you WILL NEED to watch a youtube video on how to build this car because there is like 100 different pieces and 250 bolts to the engine ALONE. i am not going to lie there has been times where i have gotten bored of the game but those quickly changed because the developer comes out with updates PACKED with new content to play around with. You can die in the craziest ways, from drowning in a sewer well full of s**t to swerving on coming traffic going 200kph in the car YOU build from the bare frame up to rally car. Also you rise up from a low life that runs a sewage and lumber company to a rally champian that built his own car! I cannot lie sometimes this game makes me want to take my fingers and stick them into my eye sockets but thats the fun of the game and i wouldnt have it any other way. I would highly recomend this game to anyone who is into crash simulators, survivors, or any game where you have to build something without any form of direction. So if you are reading this to see if you should buy the game or not then stop right now and go and buy the game, you will NOT be dissapointed. I also recoment watching some youtubers while you play. I learned how to build the car from WhyBeAre but i watch Graystillplays for fun i love his my summer car videos :D"
,Recommended,516750,32243634,Posted: 7 June,all,NACK,Spend hours putting blood and sweat into a pile of trash that eventually becomes a fun little car.  Bask in the glory of your freshly painted new whip crusing around rural Finland whilst chugging beer.  Weep in utter agony as your new baby careens into a tree because you took that turn a little too fast.  Enjoy the finer moments that is sewage work; like pulling a feces covered hose out of a hole or accidentally falling in said feces hole.  Bathe in the remorse and regret of having your head gasket blown from driving a little too hard as your limp the machine back home.I love this game and can't wait for the next update!
76561198394736347,Recommended,516750,32246975,Posted: 7 June,all,quadbikefan,The game is great but it lags a lot on my laptop
,Recommended,516750,32246755,Posted: 7 June,all,[NSI]Baron von Napalm,>Guy makes fun of me because im driving a septic truck to the store>Back said septic truck into his car>Empty septic tank on his car and proceed to flip him off10/10
,Recommended,516750,32239921,Posted: 7 June,all,peterkeuning,"Mother♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Some say that this is the Dark Souls of car building/survival games (how oddly specific). I think it's the other way around: Dark Souls is the My Summer Car of RPG's. It's hard af.It's so incredibly hard this is not just a game; it's a test of patience and intelligence. There are more than enough tutorials about how to build the car, if you still can't do it you're just stupid and this isn't the game for you.And yeah, it's glitchy and full of bugs. But who the hell cares? That's part of this game. Nobody complained about Goat Simulator being the very definition of bugs."
76561198281486499,Recommended,516750,32231401,Posted: 6 June,all,The General Lee 01,This game is fun. But it could use more cars. Like a pickup truck or a four wheeler or you know more cars. this is a hard game to it can be stres full. i like it:steamhappy:
76561198073815395,Recommended,516750,28181434,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Hank Hill,"Great game that has a lot of potential. A feature that could be added is engine swaps, or the ability of painting engine parts (such as the rocker cover), and the racing muffler in game"
76561198186542695,Recommended,516750,32157152,Posted: 3 June,all,bzyt,"After many hours playing this game I wantede to write a review.My Summer Car is a excellent game if have a lot of patiente. I WARN YOU, YOU WILL RAGE QUIT MANY TIMES. There is no intriduction, you will to find out everything yourself, but there are good guides. The most frustrating part of the game is the constant grind. First of you need to build the car an dthat is a slow process, believe me. Then you can (need) to buy upgrades for the car, these are expensive.  When you have done all that you need still keep the car maintainenced which is frustrating because your car can break down any moment. You'll have to buy food and beer from your own money. Plus there are crazy people. There is a yellow car that plays annoying music an dgets angry really quick. There is a bus driver that will run you over....The there are the jobs. There are tree tipes of jobs you can do. You can chop up logs an dbring it to a guy (takes about 30min to complete). Then there you can empty septic tanks. The third method is to bring kilju to a drunk guy.You do all this for two reasons:One you want to complete the game's objective: Finish the rally and win it.Two: you want a nice looking car.This game will make you both angry and it will reward you , but you will need to be patient."
76561198212236069,Recommended,516750,32174021,Posted: 4 June,all,k0daX,Very steep learning curve but it delivers on the sense of realism and painstaking detail. It's pretty good and needs a lot of patience and tolerance for annoying insects :D
,Recommended,516750,32220843,Posted: 6 June,all,☠ Carlio ☠,Very Good
76561198001480027,Recommended,516750,32303997,Posted: 9 June,all,Talking Donkey,Very funny and addictive game that I can't stop playing.Can't wait to get more stuff to work with.
,Recommended,516750,32294949,Posted: 9 June,all,Trølla Pætur,Great game but needs multiplayer mode.
76561198133802399,Recommended,516750,32282256,Posted: 8 June,all,Hightech Rednec | gamekit.com,"driving on the dirt in this game is like driving on a sheet of ice covered in oil. physics just need to be changed. large open world map. murphy's law simulation. very realistic necssities, and much more. it has its flaws and its perfections. over all good game"
76561198065399265,Recommended,516750,32399541,Posted: 13 June,all,idc till next patch,FeelsGoodMan Clap
76561198093600766,Recommended,516750,32401749,Posted: 13 June,all,tpantall,im gonna be blunt if you can not stand death after death after death do NOT!!! buy this game butif you can handke that then you found something to waste your life on ive layed many hours of this game and still have not finished the dang car but everytime i try i get farther and farther then when your done you can do as you please. So in conclusion if you can stand death 100% GET THIS GAME!!!!
76561198339834600,Recommended,516750,32404255,Posted: 13 June,all,drakeboss6,I can't move or get to settings screen pls help me but I would love to play and like videos i have seen of the game
76561198038639483,Recommended,516750,32406404,Posted: 14 June,all,Luna Sakara,"Suprisingly accurate mid 90's car building simulator. Have a beer, drink your own♥♥♥♥♥♥ die on the way to the store. 10/10"
76561198125074526,Recommended,516750,31280933,Posted: 21 April,all,lilmaxjoe,"While I WAS having fun the first 20 hours, the last 5 hours of my playtime have been trying to recover and play through some glitches. Overall, I have had a blast with the game, but it seems with the last update that it might've (somehow) broken some of the roads. I am randomly driving down some of the dirt paths when the septic truck just randomly stops and kills me. It almost seems like there is a tree that didn't render on part of the road.Overall, the game is a fun experience! I am enjoying it, but I cannot recommend it right now due to some issues. If you do decide to take the plunge, just make sure to copy your save so you have it if it glitches.Edit 6/12/17:After writing this review, an update was released and the game seems to be running like itself again! I am having none of the issues that I was having before. I can now say that this game has made its way back onto my favorites list. :D"
76561198326406915,Recommended,516750,32376512,Posted: 12 June,all,A Chelsea Smile,Like the best game of this era in car gaming?
76561198137051465,Recommended,516750,32373738,Posted: 12 June,all,ThE GhOsT,Nice game10/10
,Recommended,516750,32384278,Posted: 13 June,all,L0LB3N,"Forgot to install pistons while building engine, took a while before realising why it wouldnt start10/10"
,Recommended,516750,32386505,Posted: 13 June,all,Peräsen Ville (Ternic),Veri guud ralli gaem.
76561198131406335,Recommended,516750,30661771,Posted: 21 March,all,Australian Stig,Good game but still in the middle of early  acess  you may have  lag or game crashes as still working progress at the moment  10/ 10 how the game looks at  the moment i would recommend this game but you may want  to save  your money  and wait for to be fully complete so that you don't have  a game crash or lag right in middle while you are  trying building your car
,Recommended,516750,32333495,Posted: 10 June,all,Damian,satan!
76561198317423170,Recommended,516750,32353341,Posted: 11 June,all,Sewage JO,"I absolutely love this game.  I don't know why exactly, but I do.  :)"
,Recommended,516750,32366327,Posted: 12 June,all,The Gimp of War,"The game has so far blown my expectations out of the water and into finland. I can't even describe this game without making it seem bad; but it's not, the game has its ups and downs and I've rage quit it a couple times. I guess its time to describe the game, bare with me as it may seem like im throwing shade at the product but im not. The game starts you in Finland with a decent sized house with empty rooms that serve no purpose at all and outside you're immediately greeted with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ blue van and a naked frame of My/Your Summer Car yes the car has no parts on it you need to construct the car yourself the good news is that all of the parts but one (could change in future) are in your garage and it may take some googling to get the car completely finnished (pun intended) if little to no knowledge is present about building cars and engines. The game gives you a cataloge to order performance parts for your car and just to get enough money to buy all the parts you have to grind some missions and the missions aren't quite what you'd expect but still fun in some sick twisted ways. This review is long enough so I'm going to start wrapping it up. I did miss a lot of the things this game has in mechanics such as survival style gameplay: that has food, sleep, water,♥♥♥♥♥♥?), and permadeath option. All in all the game may; in the long run, seem not worth the effort and really repetitive but the game is actually genius as the deep meaning behind the game is that life of a finnish sewer man is a long repetitive one that may not feel worth in the end making the game which tells his story worth every bit of cash that is requested."
,Recommended,516750,32326271,Posted: 10 June,all,JonVdub,"If you like bulding cars you need this gameit takes time but its worth it you will find yourself lost liveing your life as a swearing finnish guy bulding a 90s car drining beer and eating sausage .Its very realistic . I have had it set on fire ,wheels have fallen off,brakes have failed and i have died many times but it just makes you come back fighting for more !The dev keeps updateing it with newer features so there is loads more to comeThers plenty of fun to earn money to spend on beer and car parts draing peoples poop is best i thinki was bought here by Car mechainc Sim if you are to then buy this now you will never go back !"
,Recommended,516750,32623870,Posted: 21 June,all,Coastliner700,Its alrightI hate how i die just for dodgeing the green carbut overall its alright The car build is difficultLag is no moreI like the busMaybe less hard controlsMaybe dont base it in finland or on dirt roads 3 miles near themios shop.Overall Rating: 7/10
76561198165467108,Recommended,516750,30295958,Posted: 3 March,all,YENOM,"This game is amazing and i love it. It is just the type of game i have always wanted. The driving is perfect and much more... The game got a ""im a grown up"" feel to it wich is rare in game these days.Pros:Nice scandinavian hausok graphicsPerfect/realistic drivingfustrating in the fun wayyou can give people the fingeryou can swearyou can drink and drive (It is not fun to drink and drive in real life kids)You have to build the car yourself*And the list can go on and on...*Cons:Garbage saving sytem (you have to go to the toilet when you save, and the the game automaticlly goes to the menu.F*CKING ENOYING DRIVING AI (You may die on the road a lot of times because the drivers are f*ucking blind and have no breaks on their cars)It takes waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay to long to drive to the store. When i was almost there i got hit by a car. *hammered my fist into my table 4 times while screaming""But The good news is that the game is only a early acces so it can be fixed a lot !Great game ! But it needs to be fixed a little: 10/10"
76561198311802043,Recommended,516750,31219875,Posted: 18 April,all,Lukasarm,please optimize this game for amd laptop if you fix it im gona give you a cola bottle
,Recommended,516750,31224913,Posted: 18 April,all,falseprophet,"i've never died so many times trough so many different ways while constantly beeing chased by mosquitos as in this game. you need to be at least slightly masochistic to play this, but serioussly i love it. the game plays in 1995 finland. you are a young man building a car while your parents are away. you need to buy vehicle parts which are quite expensive. to earn money you travel around and empty the sewage of a couple houses, chop wood, find wrecked cars and sell it or mix up stuff and sell the booze. there is a survival system aswell in this game so you need to pay attention to your food, water, dirtiness, urine and fatigue level. it is quite a big open world to play in with npc drivers, two shops, some sort of public transport and a lot of secrets. it is somesort of a love / hate relationship you start with this game. there is more then enough content for the asking price!"
76561198279945827,Recommended,516750,31225570,Posted: 18 April,all,Buymymixtape,drunkeness
,Recommended,516750,31227061,Posted: 18 April,all,huntleysheep,velly good game! i had some problem but the easy to fix. so do not let that problem stop you from buying the game.
76561198209865313,Recommended,516750,31331599,Posted: 23 April,all,Tcootis129,-Built car-started car-Blew up piston cause of loose bolts-criedThis is a 100% accurate car building game.As someone who spends alot of time with motors and cars this game will give you headaches.
,Recommended,516750,31322487,Posted: 23 April,all,The_BLUE_Guy,10/10It is Finnish 90s simulatorIt is the best survival gameIt's a fun gameYou build a car thereI would buy this game againBest game I have ever played
,Recommended,516750,31318684,Posted: 23 April,all,Tom ム,"this game is super cool and for its low price alot of fun, there are alot of updates and i am super happy with each update :)if you are busy and dont have time to build the full car just get a savegame from internet xD"
,Recommended,516750,31345591,Posted: 24 April,all,GDarolith,"This game is really curious. I admit that the controls and overall quality of physics, etc. are all a bit difficult.The thing is that you can get past that.The game itself offers tons of challenge, dropping you into a life that you either live or die in. You get pretty much no direction other than to build the car, which is pretty detailed.The best part of this game is that it captures real life in a disturbing way. You have to eat, but if you run out of food you need to go into town and pick up groceries. Don't forget to do some work and fill up your gas so you can keep doing the interesting things in this game. (Namely mechanics and Alchoholism)Honestly, is it a great game? Maybe, maybe not.Is it a great experience with hilarity and a great community? Definitely.9/10Would definitely learn how to be Finnish again."
76561198146623634,Recommended,516750,31345199,Posted: 24 April,all,caleb.baker500,"So far I have crashed all of my vehicles in the same place. lost my moped, and crashed my car 5 seconds after getting it running making parts fly everywhere, and died by falling in a sewage well.10/10 would reccomend"
76561198073094235,Recommended,516750,31350183,Posted: 24 April,all,PB,This game felt extremely clunky at first and I had a few issues so I requested a refund. I accidentally left it open over night so it had too many hours to refund so in my library it stayed. I thought since I'm stuck with it that I might as well enjoy it. I learned how to start the van after about 5 minutes of trying. I drank some beer and quickly realized that I needed to pick up some groceries. I got my supplies and looked up a guide on how to build my car. i built it after a couple (irl) days of work and it finally started. The car almost immediately burst into flames so I had to do some research and inspections on my car only to find a loose screw which made the airfilter loose. I got my car to run and passed the inspection. Now I'm happy the refund didn't go through because I'm now pumping septic tanks to save up for my new car mod. 10/10
76561198081008429,Recommended,516750,31230226,Posted: 18 April,all,izimujack,"Absolutely fantastic game, this game satisfies my extensive car knowledge and tendancies. I would love to keep playing, only problem is, the game will no longer launch :( ive even reinstalled it, changed drives and it still wont even open the config screen. I can launch it through its directory but then i dont have steam capabilities. Im sure its just part of the teething process but its still having issues sadly :("
76561198341678523,Recommended,516750,31229372,Posted: 18 April,all,Pepe For Presidente,"Amazing, I stopped having something to do. The game requires perfection though while building vehicles, but that is the most satisfying part. Overall, this game is amazing in all ways, even the weird little niceites, and I highly reccomend this game to everyone to play."
76561198315576621,Recommended,516750,31229807,Posted: 18 April,all,OptimizedSquid4,"I think this game is amazing but I feel personally its too much of a survival aspect, I feel it should be focused on building cars and that the thirst and hunger stuff gets in the way of having fun for me"
76561198055465418,Recommended,516750,31248324,Posted: 19 April,all,SuperDuty,There is no other game like this that you can build a car and race.
76561198104775633,Recommended,516750,30212383,Posted: 26 February,all,Canineskeleton,"I was on my way to the pub/store. Got hit by a truck in the datsun, i drove the van to where i died i tried to tow the car and the van flipped, and i couldn't get the van flipped back over and i was 3 miles away from the store. I started to walk and about 3 minutes later i see a cop car and i thought ""Yay they're comign to save me!"" Turns out THEY WANTED TO GAVE ME A TICKET FOR NO REASON5/5"
,Recommended,516750,32828441,Posted: 26 June,all,E se ele corresse?,THE BEST GAME EVER!!!
,Recommended,516750,32897423,Posted: 27 June,all,Jayabb2,"Good Game, I have watched 5 to 30 video's of My Summer Car, Its a good game, You need to have the paitnece to play the game."
76561198173370642,Recommended,516750,32625101,Posted: 21 June,all,The_Beach_Whale,"-Opens game-finds sausages-puts them in fridge-They get stuck between the fridge and the wallRestart-Get the sausages in the fridge-Got in the van to get parts-FlipedRestart (x100)-Got in the sewage truck-Went to the house-Fell inRestart (x20)-Got car running-Wouldn't go into gear-Threw a rod-Won't start againThats where I'm at now, after 20 hours, I'm back to square one. I bought it full price and I'd recomend you wait for the steam sale. It's like self-induced groundhog day but more fustraiting. Buy if you love working on cars with dark souls level of difficulty. Don't buy if you don't know about cars or like hard games."
76561198271655623,Recommended,516750,31283790,Posted: 21 April,all,goc2011,i love it
76561198117318483,Recommended,516750,31001331,Posted: 7 April,all,[Sigi eSports] Bobin Marley,I like this game
,Recommended,516750,27626478,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,HiddeN,"Overall the game is good.Strongly recommend to people who are car enthusiast, mechanics.Game is based on fixing your car, modifying it, then racing it or dying in it.Its made to have a great time."
,Recommended,516750,33027350,Posted: 30 June,all,TheLexoPlexx,Learned finnish today and how to assemble a car. 10/10.
76561198388552446,Recommended,516750,33019450,Posted: 29 June,all,shugarsmatt57,it lags for me
,Recommended,516750,33017657,Posted: 29 June,all,My Parents Biggest Faliure,"Here is my ""My Summer Car"" experience>Looks around in house>Finds garage>Realizes that playing ""Car Mechanic Simulator 2015"" actually helped alot>Needs food and Fan Belt so goes on shopping trip>Hits side of house>DiesSECOND TRY>Goes to garage>Half finish engine>Gets Hungry>Goes shopping and hits tree 5 seconds down road>DiesTHIRD, FOURTH, FIFTH, AND SIXTH TRY>Goes to garage>Half finish engine>Gets Hungry>Goes shopping and hits tree somewhere along the road>DiesSEVENTH TRY>Getting kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of at this point, having sunk 20 hours into this game already>Goes directly to store>almost get killed by yellow car guy>almost killed by oncoming traffic>almost killed by trees>Forgets Fan Belt>Buys fan belt and goes home again>Builds engine>Builds chassis>Starts car>Doesnt work>""calibrates"" carborator>CAR STARTS ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!!!!>Downshifts on highway going 130>Loses 90% of engine assembally10/10 would drive back and forth from sanity to insanity againBut seriously this game is amazing and ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious. Buy it but be prepared to want to punch a wall."
,Recommended,516750,33017923,Posted: 29 June,all,spar,"Jalopy but with more detail, drinkable beer, and the ability to swear in Finnish."
76561198262167495,Recommended,516750,33099028,Posted: 1 July,all,gabs24,ok
,Recommended,516750,33088459,Posted: 1 July,all,Manuel,Drive & build & survive & drunk & dying Simulator 2017 GOTY Edition + More Beer DLCWewy guud geme! 55/44 -IGN
76561198055272026,Recommended,516750,32842609,Posted: 26 June,all,Wone_Loaf_of_Bread,I like it but holy crap does it take forever to tip a vehicle back over because everytime you drive it feels as if your skating on ice8/10 make flipping vehicles easier please
76561198243537598,Recommended,516750,32899315,Posted: 27 June,all,InfernoDeathz,Can't get the van moving11/10 will keep trying
,Recommended,516750,26891345,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DapperRyan,Get beer.Get Sausage.Get car parts.Attempt to build car.Fail.Die in head-on collision.Try again.
,Recommended,516750,32929596,Posted: 28 June,all,Dion,"Awesome game, but need dedication to build the satsuma"
,Recommended,516750,32984308,Posted: 29 June,all,BadRedDragon,"1# Start the Game2# try to build the car (don't know how it must looking at youtube for tutorial)3# Car is done, only missing part's4# driving to the shop (die By crashing in to a tree)5# lost your Van need to get it back, by using the little bike6# made it back to the (van) Drive further to the shop7# made it to the shop, buy the item's you need and 5 crate's of beer8# save the game-close it- go to -this pc- search for locallow- make backup for the game-restart the game9#driving from the store to home (luckly made it save)10# build further on the car11#car complete12#made new backup from the game file13# drive the car (don't have Roll cage and Gridles)14# drive 80Km/h then crash in a tree and Die15#Respawn home (close the game without saving)16#putting back the backup file in the locallow, restart game17# try it again...18# making money by brewing sugar wine19# sell it make money, buy better car part's20#you car is now totaly Great and you finished the Game21#♥♥♥♥ing around by placing the car at front of the train, game standing still for 3 sec because it is the best game FF22# drinking beer in the car the hole timeMust i say more thing's about this Amazing Game ?"
76561197983505513,Recommended,516750,32977761,Posted: 29 June,all,Werner,Tractor sucks. Mechanic Steals and dump your car god know where. try to fix the Satsuma die of Hunger. Reload continue fixing the satsuma die of Thirst. Reload Continue work. die of Heartattack. Reload and finaløy you are done go get car inspected to get license plates find out you are missing the god damn Warning Triangle. Drive the map around 10 times looking for it before you say ♥♥♥♥ it go home and see it on the back off the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Tractor. Try to deliver wood to a guy who needs firewood in the middle of summer. Discover that the tractor cant even get up simple hills without either you have to change down to low 1 or just slide back down the hill. 10/10 would play again
76561197986375480,Recommended,516750,32979362,Posted: 29 June,all,𝐄𝐁𝐄𝐋𝐓𝐎𝐅𝐓,Soumi♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ satana
,Recommended,516750,33116167,Posted: 1 July,all,EndangeredProdigy,"This is the game I play when I just want to chill and listen to some podcasts.  Also, the eloquent speech patterns of the townspeople in this game really soothe my soul.  Hearing the store owner laugh warms my heart and makes me want to die all at the same time."
,Recommended,516750,31789825,Posted: 16 May,all,[FIN/ENG] Duuberitin,"DISCLAIMER: This is an Early access review, made on 16.5.2017This game is perfect for people, that already have knowledge of cars. The game is a challenge even for experienced people. You basically have to build the whole car by yourself. (if you didn't know that already)Features:- Force Feedback Support- 6 Driveable vehicles- An extensive map.- Permadeath, which can be switched on or off- lots of different jobs.AND MORE TO DISCOVER!There are good sides, and bad sides to the game. As of today(16.4.2017)Pros+ the driving mechanics are pretty good for a unity game.+ a good amount of challenge.+ great humor.+ lots of things to doCons- the graphics are not good.- lots of opmimization issues.- lots of physics-related issues.- lots of misc, small bugs.( here i have to mention a bug, where if you wake up with a hangover, the speaking sounds switch the side to side in your headphones.)Here was my review, I would recommend this to a veteran car guy."
76561198325419821,Recommended,516750,31829557,Posted: 18 May,all,the real name,"i always get crashed when enterd drive mode a blue van, please fix that. anything else is goodmy speci7 7th gen 2.8 -3-8 ghznvidia gtx 1050 2g8g ram(asus fx553gl)"
76561198039615204,Recommended,516750,31825817,Posted: 18 May,all,yezo,A unique game with a lot of details.
,Recommended,516750,26637925,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,ᶳᵃᶢᶩᵃᶤᵣᵃ,"first attempt:took me hours to figure out how to get the engine together,lots of guides,got it halfway together and the camshaft popped out.second attempt:got the engine together more,forgot a main gasket,another hour lost.forty-second attempt:the engine is complete,its bolted down,i start it up.it screams death, bangs like a gunshot,sprays coolant out the radiator,thendies.forty-third attempt:i say ♥♥♥♥ it,lets go grocery shopping.groceries obtained, gas pumped.T-boned at the intersection,thrown into trees,dead.its been 84 yearsthe engine is bolted,it doesn't sound like a banshee,stalls often and makes some bangs.progress."
76561198055430912,Recommended,516750,31792896,Posted: 16 May,all,Igor,Perfect life simulator!!!
76561198087773542,Recommended,516750,31823336,Posted: 18 May,all,jamesNewman,"Amazing game.   It's a blast if you know about cars, and even more fun to watch people who don't know anything about cars try to put the vehicle together."
76561198328753084,Recommended,516750,31820320,Posted: 18 May,all,mr.jaber,The game crashed every time i try to drive a car when i press enter to drive the game get crashed
76561198047348389,Recommended,516750,31887942,Posted: 21 May,all,OwlBeHawkward,"It took many beers and many lives to get from my house into town, but now i can finally live long enough to need more than a flat of booze and a single package of sausages.  (yes i did turn off the mortality)"
76561198048753505,Recommended,516750,31880483,Posted: 21 May,all,Commander in Chief Rick,"If you like this game you would love this show ""The Reassembler - 1. Lawnmower""Look it up, i hope the devs get ideas from the show =) oh ya 10/10 game is the best build it / life sim ever"
76561198122944962,Recommended,516750,31869564,Posted: 20 May,all,Alyngwen Clævyan,"Aaaarrrgghhh no! No no no! That doesn’t work, don’t… DON’T TOUCH IT… FFFFffffff….*punches table in order not to destroy laptop because I punched the car with the motor block which went sailing through the air while the car fell into the pit*Strange start for a review, you might say, but if you’ve heard anything about My Summer Car (or maybe you’ve already played it) you know the reaction above is… pretty much on point.I think it’s quite safe to say that very few games that have ever been made have managed to be both so much fun and painfully frustrating at the same time.Described as “an autistic approach on car building”, My Summer Car is just that and more.Apart from the huge frustration that comes with building a car from scratch – and I mean this in the most literal sense of words – you will have to overcome other day-to-day frustrations, too.The story – after a rather disturbing intro where you’re being born on the backseat of a car – starts in the summer of 1995 somewhere in Finland. Your parents have gone on holiday without telling you anything and have left you home alone with nothing more than a note on the fridge telling you not to drink beer. (Yeah, sure mom!)As a quick “pick up and go” tutorial for the mechanics I open the fridge, throw the sausages in there, pick up the crate of beer and try to cram that onto one of the shelves, too – who wants warm beer? – and then chug down my first brew before starting to explore the house.A bit woozy because I obviously haven’t eaten yet I explore the living room, bedrooms, toilet (which is your save-point), the shower and sauna (for some reason Finnish showers seem to be mostly decorative rather than for cleaning purposes), and last but not least the garage.And old, stripped car is standing on the driveway, and the garage is full of neatly catalogued car parts. Let the fun begin!As this is, in its own strange way, a survival game I decide it’s wise to first drive to town to get some supplies (which, by the way, you’ll have to buy and you only have 3000 Kronen, which means you’ll soon have to start doing side-quests as well).The map is actually quite big as it turns out, and driving the van – my first pick because of the space in the back – is easier said than done. Also here the developers have taken the realism to the extreme meaning you’ll have to get in the car, enter the drive-mode, find the ignition, start the car, take off the hand-break, shift into gear, and maybe even turn on your lights depending on the time of day.Driving to town took me about 10 to 15 minutes or so (quite a while, at least) and upon arrival I quickly found the petrol-station/grocery store.Again, the (autistic) realism shows its face as I can’t simple fill up the tank but actually have to crouch down to open the small flap and then (seriously) have to scroll the mouse-wheel to turn and take off the top before I could start filling it up.Paid inside, got myself a load of food, beer, milk, et cetera, threw everything in the back of the van and drove back home.On the “highway” the – what is now called – “yellow @$$h0l3 car” overtook a truck, crashed into my van and I died. FFFffffff……After restarting the game I got him back, though. I took the truck out for a spin, emptied someone’s sewage-system, saw the yellow car standing at the local pub, backed up the truck, jumped on top of the yellow car’s bonnet, and opened the valve spraying $h1t all over his ride. Suck on that dude!Fun, yet incredibly frustrating game. Must have!"
76561198297726970,Recommended,516750,31538118,Posted: 4 May,all,AlexTurner,Probably the most fun you will have playing a game ever. If you like cars then it lets you build up an old classic car bolt by bolt the game play is hilarious as well as you need to buy food and complete jobs for money to buy car parts and stuff. Probably the best game I've ever bought I love it so much!
76561198064874349,Recommended,516750,31557488,Posted: 5 May,all,Motherless Miscarriage,"My summer car, what a♥♥♥♥♥♥show of a game that had me coming back for more and more till i spent 9 hours wishing i was dead at 3am.My summer car is a game sent in Finland in 1995 where you have to build a car bit by bit…yes over 300 parts wish to put in the right place and then bolt tiger using tools, my god it takes some time but thats not the half of it, you have to try and drive it like a real car, fill it up, try and win races, pick a drunk dude up from the pub…yes that really happens, this game as so much depth and will take you a good 20 hours to really sink your teeth in to.Its a shame the game looks like someone looks like pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ you get a whole 3 shades of brown and my god do not talk to me about the whole hunger ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t…you have to drive to the shops to buy a fan belt and food at some point in the game and ♥♥♥♥ me it took me 4 try till i finally did it.First time i took the blue van and was speeding and crashed it in the lake…then i tried to take the boat but died of hunger half way across the river, then i took the tractor as i was running out of vehicles as i refused to start a new game as my car was half done i just needed that fan belt.But it was to slow and took me forever to drive in and i died on the way back…but i had not put the hand brake on before i died so the tractor rolled in to the lake…then i finally did it…i got the fan belt, i got the wheels on the car, i got the engine in, and then as soon as i tried to push the car in to the garage it went over the boot lid that was lying in the mingle of the garage and flipped over causing the game to glitch and put my car on its roof.I then hooked my car up to the van to drag it out on its roof cuz ♥♥♥♥ me I’m building this car at 4am as my life is truly going down hill.I get the car out and try and flip it over but its no good..after this i closed the game and do not think i will ever touch it again…fun game but need a lot of work…8/10"
76561198089072911,Recommended,516750,31570115,Posted: 5 May,all,Musickiller,"Любовь с первого взгляда!))) Супер штука! То, что я искал давно - можно покопаться в машине (собрать, разобрать), можно покататься (с хорошо симулированной механической коробкой), или разбить тачку о поезд. Та-да!Надеюсь, игра будет и дальше развиваться, но на 200-300 р. и то, что уже есть - хорошо, я считаю."
76561198329694356,Recommended,516750,31567094,Posted: 5 May,all,SlipperyRug,how to respawn when die and i cant drive please help this is best game
,Recommended,516750,31409394,Posted: 27 April,all,BigGuy4u,It is good and I like it.
,Recommended,516750,31413824,Posted: 28 April,all,ZugZug,Great game. So glad someone made this.
76561198119036313,Recommended,516750,31411004,Posted: 28 April,all,Captain Cuntflaps,"Honestly the funniest, most frustrating game i've ever played. Absolutely love it!!"
76561198286752691,Recommended,516750,33642570,Posted: 18 July,all,mino9991999,Even though this game has so much humor in it the attention to details are amazing! You really have to keep an open mind with a lot of the quirks such as cars or tanker truck hoses becoming possessed. I would also recommend you turn permadeath off the first time you play. At least until you get board of all the other things in the game.I won't lie...there are many infuriating times when goofy physics will either kill your character or make things break on the satsuma that shouldn't. But just have fun with it. This is an open world game and makes what you want out of it. Just look at the let's play on the youtube channel GrayStillPlays....Freakin hilarious!
76561198153211292,Recommended,516750,33634558,Posted: 18 July,all,yousuckatpool187,Absolutely love this game.
76561198271965961,Recommended,516750,33620368,Posted: 17 July,all,nmooney83,This game is very cool but for some reason the Satsuma dents to easily. I hope that gets fixed.
,Recommended,516750,33663953,Posted: 19 July,all,Dick-Tator skin.trade,my summer car is a very fun game if you know what you are doing with cars.  if you are a beginer like me then this game can be challenging but it is very satisfying to complete your car.
76561198065482054,Recommended,516750,33702798,Posted: 21 July,all,John Bronuts,"Amazing game, there is so much to do.1. First day tried to build the engine worked out later that night i also put together the car,2. second day dropped the engine in the car and took it for a test run made it to the store on my way back found out the head gasget was destroyed.3. Third day fell in the poop well.4. crashed into the guy in the green car and ended up killing some cops."
76561198245046214,Recommended,516750,31875303,Posted: 20 May,all,Arthur Maxson,i realy like this game and i have just got my car running
76561198183297379,Recommended,516750,33572784,Posted: 15 July,all,the4x4king,"This game is the only game that brings you the satisfaction of building a car and having it start. My Summer Car provides many difficult challenges throughout constructing your Datsun 100A and preparing it for the weekly Saturday rally. These tasks a as follows: Urinating, trying not to die of thurst, trying not to die of hunger, sleeping when you are fatigued otherwise you will have a heart attack and getting every thing perfect on the car (tightening every bolt  as tight as it can go). Overall this is an astonishing game and if you can not build a car in real life then this is the next best thing. The only idea i can recommend is adding Steam Workshop to this game because imagine the endless possibilities.I hope you have enjoyed my review and do buy this game it has a low price of $14.99. Thankyou for reading. Sincerely -James Waterworth 16-07-2017"
76561198106289484,Recommended,516750,33568139,Posted: 15 July,all,Wild Gamer Boy,i love this game it feels realistic and pmeradeath mode too
,Recommended,516750,33546958,Posted: 14 July,all,Kristian,"Tämä käännösohjelma tarvitsee päivityksen, ennen kuin voit käyttää sitä"
76561198145177412,Recommended,516750,33544531,Posted: 14 July,all,TheRampagingCow,love this game but be prepared to spend a lot of time trying to get your car working have built the car 4 times and I have finally got it running perfectly. The only things that I dont like about the  game is your can't adjust the audio and some of the controllers are bad (trying to push your car). But very good game for the $ and they keep updating the game.
76561198014098113,Recommended,516750,33560555,Posted: 15 July,all,Logiwonk,"This game is grindy, painful at times, has mediocre graphics and I absolutely love it. It makes you feel like getting the car running is a big accomplishment, it teaches you about how enginers and cars go together, and the humor is amazing. This game will appeal to people who have the tenacity to stict with Dwarf Fortress and who like survival elements but are looking for a change of pace. I've never played a ""Driving"" game before and this single title has me considering buying a racing wheel/shifter/pedal set. You can play and enjoy with just mouse and keyboard but the driving will be a lot more satisfying with an actual wheel. All in all, a gem.Also, learn to curse in Suomi!"
76561198157173104,Recommended,516750,33548376,Posted: 14 July,all,Joelk111,Excellent game. Can't wait to see what is done with it in the future.
,Recommended,516750,33582187,Posted: 16 July,all,GreenBarrey,"The most realistic car building game I've ever played!If you love building cars, or just wanna know how a car is built, then get this game!10 / 10"
,Recommended,516750,33583278,Posted: 16 July,all,Space Commander Nemo,"Its like if someone took a beta version of Postal, translated it to Finnish, and added cars.This game is fantastic on so many levels. If you're a gearhead at all, you should love this game. If you like dry european humor, you should love this game. It is exactly as difficult as you make it. If you're... lets say, over 21 and understand what life as an adult is like, then you'll probably be fine; drive roughly the speed limit, don't get yourself killed, etc. Basic functional logic applied to a video game. Boring as you imagine, but fun if you know how to make it.If you're a child who is used to save-points and is imbued with the mindset of virtual invincibility, you will hate this game. This game is actually pretty good at recreating what it's like to have a crappy job, a car that barely runs, and hardly enough money for beer. So... Well... I mean, I think it's fun... kind of. Till you fall in a sewage well or get run-over by that yellow car.C'mon, just look at the website. If that doesn't sell you, I don't know what will. The top graphics setting is ""Goldeneye""."
76561198077029857,Recommended,516750,33591530,Posted: 16 July,all,Stang,"Fun game, Challenging and entertaining once you get a hang of it."
76561198300090806,Recommended,516750,33600047,Posted: 16 July,all,gary,is farming if you cant laugh dont join
,Recommended,516750,28337468,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Papa Deis,DeerBra is everywhere 10/10 can put ear♥♥♥♥♥♥in game
,Recommended,516750,29325549,Posted: 17 January,all,WolfyBoy,"Very fun, tons of hours and a car lovers dream. It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥if you let it. its a rewarding paticence test. It will be a great game i garenette"
76561198285103392,Recommended,516750,33676983,Posted: 20 July,all,nikthompson84,best ive ever played
76561198024253552,Recommended,516750,33654780,Posted: 19 July,all,BoomBap36,Satsuma is my spirit animal
,Recommended,516750,33667794,Posted: 20 July,all,Karl Marx,"My Summer Car. Where to begin. I bought this game knowing that I would need to know some bit about how engines are put together. Luckily for me, I enjoy the whole premise of being a mechanic and have played a boat load of Car Mechanic Simulator 2015. Yes, Car Mechanic Simulator doesn't compare to real life however it has taught me a great deal about how engines are built and thus why I wanted this game. Now, although you die ALOT if you aren't carefull on the back roads and the game can be very frustrating when you die for the most stupid reason but at the end of the day the bigger moral is: Don't speed. I love this game and I will continue to play this game even if I can't make my car legal and have to keep restarting. It's frustrating like that but it's an overall fun game. I do recommend."
,Recommended,516750,33672924,Posted: 20 July,all,curry beef,built carstarted itfell apart10/10 would break computer again
,Recommended,516750,33642445,Posted: 18 July,all,Karlambda,"WARNING::: DEVELOPER DOES NOT WANT THIS INFORMATION OUT! HIGH LEVELS OF CONSPIRACY ARE AT HAND!!vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvMy Summer Car appears to be a finnish car building/life simulator.You, the player,(upon arrival) find a note on the fridge from your parents, statingthey are on vacation and for you to rebuild the Satsuma. They also mention no drinking beer.As one might see on YouTube or Twitch, the game is pretty funny and quite frankly, just downright silly.However I have quite the conspiracy theory about the REAL plot of My Summer Car.Most players will find themselves sleeping through the night. This is mostly because light is very important to the gameif a player wanted to survive. (i.e. being able to see cars in front of them on the road)However few players actually decide to stay awake during the night and those few may have a story to tell..Staying up late in your house is, to be honest, creepy on its own. However strange occurances happen at night and at night ONLY, and while the developer may brush it off by saying its a bug, I personally dont think so.The player is given a boat they are allowed to operate not too far from the player home. There is also an island located at about 10:00 PM facing the lake. The player will find on this island a camera, a lantern, a bucket,(for brewing alcohol), and misc. items such as fish traps.Focusing on the camera. This may not be associated with in-game occurances but it sure does set the scene. Taking pictures with the camera is quite similar to that of a disposable camera. Hit the shutter, flash goes off, and a picture is taken. Looking closer on the camera you may notice how errie the filter actually is, not to mention various stains on the lens itself. Why would the developer add such an item to such a game?Going back to the house. At night the player may notice strange occurances such as telephone ringing, even if unplugged, doors opening and the TV playng rather disturbing noises for the setting. This seems rather fitting to be a mere ""bug""SO, here is the REAL plot I have gathered in my mind.You are a finnish citizen who has had troubles with their parents ever since birth. (Opening scene)One day your parents left you a note on the fridge as they were leaving for a vacation. You snapped and murdered both parents in the house. (Either this for the character was truly insane and wrote the note themselves) You then continue life in FInland, doing various acts for people to try and maintain a ""healthy"" lifestyle. However during the night your parents torment you for what youve done to them. The island acts as a safe haven in case your character ever needed to flee, or it acted as the hiding spot for when the character murdered their parents.Just a conspiracy from such a huge fan. Dont say I didnt warn you if you try and confirm this."
,Recommended,516750,33679034,Posted: 20 July,all,Lord Loss,Went to get food got killed two times. Never made it would buy again 10/10
,Recommended,516750,33642693,Posted: 18 July,all,Mathias [Bloodaxe],Build carDrink beerWork for moneyDrink beerDo something wrong in building carFlip off some peopleHead blows off of block when starting carSwear in FinnishStart againSuper fun Finland simulator!
76561198119576679,Recommended,516750,33766942,Posted: 24 July,all,hayleeninthevale,i think this would be a good game to buy but there is one problem and that problem is that it is windows only because of this i think the developer should make the game IOS compatable
,Recommended,516750,29389435,Posted: 20 January,all,The Pirate O' 87,"I love the game, but I can't drive. I have the ignition on, handbrake off, whatever, but when I press w nothing happens. I can't get anything to work. So pretty much I'm stuck with a useless piece of s--t. I wish I could have my 15 dollars back...EDITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTSo I found the problem... It was my own stupidity! I didn't know to fullyHOLDthe ignition for a few seconds. Sorry for taking your attention to this problem, it was in the end my own stupidity! This is a really good game that I do reccomend!"
,Recommended,516750,27648190,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Theviljame,Best game 2016 nuff said
76561198354045547,Recommended,516750,33742817,Posted: 23 July,all,stevengerrardLFC,i find it a very cool game because its a game that you can work on  cars and thats what type of games i like in my opinionso i rate it one of the best early accsess games on the steam workshop
,Recommended,516750,33708099,Posted: 21 July,all,Lexus GS430,Flipped my van on the way to the shops and died of starvation. Totally realistic.
,Recommended,516750,33732676,Posted: 22 July,all,Fart Sauna,This is the most hilarious and fun survival game I've ever played. Figuring out how the put the car together is original and rewarding. The sense of humor is unique.
,Recommended,516750,33744594,Posted: 23 July,all,cheifwhat,"Realy good, challenging fun"
,Recommended,516750,33744449,Posted: 23 July,all,Randy Magnum,"Every couple days I fire this game up and usually die in the first day in game. Usually because someone hits me while I look at a map (there is no in-game map) and try to figure out where I am. The irony on that is, there's like 3 roads, but they're 50 miles long (not really) so it's easy to get lost in the boring scenery. Kinda like the real world. So...do NOT park in the middle of the road. You will die.""Early access on to highway is fatal"" Yes...that.It takes a long time to get to the store.  It takes a long time to get to the anything. I have not built a car. I have not completed a job. I have gone to the store and back. Opened the grocery bag on the table and the contents exploded around the room. Does the food spoi? I spent an hour putting each individual item in the fridge. Went to pick up a drunk guy. I died on the way. Eleven hours of play and I haven't completed a single thing except now I dispise the opening scene...which is just bad to begin with. Thankfully you can skip it.It's an early access game being developed by a single person (as I understand it). The graphics are poor, there are really no character animations. Plays kina clunky.It's still fun to spend some time on though. Not my go-to game of choice. I am hoping development continues and the final product has attractive graphics. Game play, of course, is the most important, which it has great playability. It's 2017 though, the graphics should be better than Half-Life 1. As it says though, it is early access so we don't know what the final product will provide. Definitely worth the purchase during summer sale."
76561198110696644,Recommended,516750,33752148,Posted: 23 July,all,Canadian Bacon,10 stars. We need more games like this!
76561198320621979,Recommended,516750,33756011,Posted: 23 July,all,kim.baldwin,"This game is amazing, despite the lag but if you have a good computer it wont do it....... YEA"
,Recommended,516750,28491793,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Елена Малышева,10перкеле из 10
76561198275496048,Recommended,516750,33803841,Posted: 26 July,all,job.vdboom05,"this game has game mechanics no other game has, which makes it one of a kind"
,Recommended,516750,33839908,Posted: 27 July,all,GetRektM8,"Game is awsome to play,Hope there will be more updates soon."
,Recommended,516750,33845111,Posted: 27 July,all,naterade1,"pretty sweet game, wish it was better optimized for older dual core pcs such as mine, runnin an old pentium d 945, game seems pretty realistic, never been to finland but im sure its pretty spot on"
76561198349514734,Recommended,516750,33773867,Posted: 24 July,all,GHOST,Good game how ever you need a lot of time because the car is hard to build showering is stupid because you go into a sauna to do it you♥♥♥♥♥♥when ever u want when u first start you need food but you dont know how to get to town they should add a map also when building the car your gonna lag a lot because of everything that is around you and the garage it doesnt come with a tutorial to teach you everything your gonna need to use YouTube to learn how to do everything
76561198258430305,Recommended,516750,33774999,Posted: 24 July,all,goldminerpete,"infinity/10 would reccomendThere is nothing to hate about this game, you should get it."
76561198122817042,Recommended,516750,26329065,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,MADDOG,best god damn game ever
76561198223364560,Recommended,516750,33824420,Posted: 26 July,all,Norm92586,Idk why but its addicting and fun. And i highly suggest if you can't find a game to play in your library then get this one
76561198399127220,Recommended,516750,33871487,Posted: 28 July,all,KingAB24,"the game is great but make,so u don't die from touching a tree"
,Recommended,516750,33914040,Posted: 30 July,all,JJx,SO FUN!My Summer Car by Amistech is a great game and includes so many things to do.There is no game like My summer car. The real fun begins when you get your Satsuma done.There are some annoying bugs that can really ruin your day but however its such an complicated gamebut still this game is worth the money.Go ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Who cares about school lets enjoy this FINNISH masterpiece
,Recommended,516750,33913753,Posted: 30 July,all,Cousin Vladek,Well first i got into the game i was left alone at home with a case of beer and some sasuage. GREAT! so i start building up this engine my dad and mum left me and all is good until i start geting real hungry and thirsty and i ran out of supplies :(. Well its all good becuase my uncle lets me barrow my car. Going out to town some crazy guy speeding hits me directly in the front... All well so i start this proccesses all over again. becuase permadeath. Well rinse and repeat like 3 times and a whole day wasted in frustration luaaghter happieness and any other emotion you can imagine so yes 10/10 would play again.
76561198406347278,Recommended,516750,33920623,Posted: 30 July,all,It's not delivery it's,My summer car is a really fun game if you are a person who loves to build things and likes a challenge my summer car is just for you this game gave me something to really focus on and challenge me through out the entire time I was playing the game overall this game is really fun and I can wait until the next update comes out.
76561198303923745,Recommended,516750,33917553,Posted: 30 July,all,PeopleLion,"Great game wants me to break my dear but great game.*Note to devs,in the next update do u guys think u can make a mod were the car is already built for u and filled but not upgraded so people like me don't break there head building car.If u do this thank u so much :)"
76561198341059010,Recommended,516750,33888340,Posted: 29 July,all,ameerskhan96,"I've been playing My Summer Car for about 5 months now, and so far its great. For one man to develop a game like this its pretty damn good. If you haven't purchased the game you should be aware that the game isn't by any means easy and does to some degree require you to have some sort of knowledge in cars. As far as gameplay goes, its stellar, but I do ask that one day the developer decides to reslease some sort of dlc or addition to the game where you can build more than just 1 car, and also add more aftermarket to your vehicle as well!"
76561197971315052,Recommended,516750,33352489,Posted: 7 July,all,pvdp,"Wel, I died 13 times before I could even start with the car!Until now I enjoy the game but I have to say that the long drives are a bit dull.This is where the dieing takes place!O and why o why is there a fly?The puzzle  (struggle) to get the car drive ready is awesome (painful)!For now I give this game a big 💥Yippee it runs, doesn't drive do!OK got it to driving mode!Well that was that, broken almost at the first road cross.Back to the drawing table!Back at home, engine smoke investigation!After many hours I discovered the problem.Got the broken part out of the engine,  took it to repair shop.Don't go to repair shop in weekend, really don't!OK got it repaired and back in car.Ad some fluids to the engine and of to town to get my  plates!Wel I didn't get themAfter some time I wanted some upgrades,  this started my story over (the broken engine part of it)Still give this game a big👍After a while I went back for the plates, it seems you need a stock car to get plates aaaaaaaaaaarg!My story started over again!Still big 🖕, I mean  👌Wel got the plates, car doesn't start anymore.Got it back home, engine back out of the car.Take the broken part to the repair shop.Got a brand new part and put the motor back in the car?And.......O, forgot the oil, made it back home without overheating.Got it working, at last.Going for a rally.I think I need more money😭"
76561198130243072,Recommended,516750,33773358,Posted: 24 July,all,alekss495,"Complex. fun. only for players  with patience.Yeah, sometimes you want to throw you pc out of the window.But when you build your car, start it, pass inspection you will love the feeling.10/10."
76561198150075463,Recommended,516750,30037375,Posted: 19 February,all,TyreShredder,"Well, I sat down, drank a crate of beer, jumped in my truck, and headed out to the store for more beer. I came across a police road block, and because I was intoxicated, I err.... Ignored them. A cop's dead body got stuck on the front of my truck, had 2 cars after me. Got to the shops, went in and bought some food, cops waiting outside. I raced to the pumps and filled my truck. Truck engine died so I attempting to rob a car, the guy in a car smacked me out. And then I played some My Summer Car and I guess it was fun."
76561198158605903,Recommended,516750,33889618,Posted: 29 July,all,Thijs1239 (Dutch Farmers),Awesome game
76561198177091995,Recommended,516750,33868075,Posted: 28 July,all,Clammey,"The Point Of This Game, Is that it was hard"
,Recommended,516750,33942476,Posted: 31 July,all,AwesomeGamer,I LOVE THIS GAME ITS SO COOL BUT WHAT I DISLIKE IS THE FOOD AND WARTER THINGS ARE TO FAST AND I DIE ALOT CAUSE OF THAT BUT OTHER THEN THAT I LOVE THE GAME
,Recommended,516750,33938430,Posted: 31 July,all,Iridium,"I just now realized  that I hadn't left a review of one of my favorite indie Steam games ever. Definitely my favorite car game, even if I don't have as much time spent in this as in others.Quick highlights: you empty sewers for money, you drink heavily, you♥♥♥♥♥♥on command. Oh, and I guess there's a car to be built, whatever.Hugely recommended."
76561198128717256,Recommended,516750,33981309,Posted: 2 August,all,WV Hillbilly33,Love this game its fun but the dang permadeath just ruined it i finally got everything going good then the game just throws the dang green car striaght at me from the other side of a hill n kills me please either take permadeath out or put in an option to turn it off.
76561198093796531,Recommended,516750,33964128,Posted: 1 August,all,yomustdie94 l csgopoor.com,"good game but all i need now is the damn console back, i bought the game to screw around and mod stuff. not to do work or loose a van that i need to get back to my house and have to walk 10 miles to get there only to run out of hunger or have to mutch fatigue(idk if thats how you spell it)"
76561198367589399,Recommended,516750,33966602,Posted: 2 August,all,mhmdgamer123,"Please, the designers of my summer car They remove dirt road and remove drilling"
,Recommended,516750,33958509,Posted: 1 August,all,Asodite,"first playthrough got the motor half built, had to head to store for weiners and beer and hit a bump and boom permadeath!this game is freaking amazing!15/10"
,Recommended,516750,33973970,Posted: 2 August,all,FinnPlaya™ #23,5/5 kaikin puolin
,Recommended,516750,33969971,Posted: 2 August,all,Artryom,"This game has a lot of potentialthe developers are starting to include backstories and unique characters in the game, which creates an atmosphere of realism. It feels like Finland in 1995.9.8/10"
76561197974092499,Recommended,516750,33981823,Posted: 2 August,all,iluvmicompoter,Best game!
76561198273235953,Recommended,516750,33984228,Posted: 2 August,all,xKoSx Lizard TradeSkinsFast.com,its a really good game but is it is a little herd to get the hang of and you have the build the car to be able to drive it but is a really good game
,Recommended,516750,29619246,Posted: 31 January,all,RustyyMagic,"This game is the most frustrating rewarding game. You will have problems but when you overcome these problems you will realise that your accually smarter than you think, thats why its rewarding. I personally enjoy just crusin around in the ""The Little Satsuma That Could"" that i freshly built. #LOVEtoTHEgreenTHUMPthumpCAR 10/10 recommend to anyone into cars or just learning abit about em or just learning anything about Finland"
,Recommended,516750,34133815,Posted: 9 August,all,Deano El Diabeto,defoooooooooooooooo buy it now like
,Recommended,516750,34176788,Posted: 11 August,all,TomSerious,Best Game I played in a long time.Love it!
,Recommended,516750,34162141,Posted: 10 August,all,TurtleMonkey,"Don't let the iffy control scheme and 2012 graphics scare you away,This game is LOADS of fun.Don't compare it to games like Car Mechanic Simulator or really almost anything elseThis game is a rare gem- it is wholly unique, it is challenging, it has a wonderful development team that is very in touch with the community. It is hilarious, and also infuriating, but never fails to keep me entertained. I absolutely love the game, and am excited to see any future games by the developer.I love My Summer Car"
76561198364933345,Recommended,516750,34198661,Posted: 12 August,all,mediastreampc,"Please can you add other cars like a Nissan Syline, Mitsubishi Evo, Subaru Imprezza. Ford Escort Cosworth, Renault 5 GT Turbo and be able to strap bigger turbos on the cars plus superchargers.This game would be spot on then!"
76561198293755750,Recommended,516750,34182525,Posted: 11 August,all,CusackComeback,Very good game definitely worth the money
,Recommended,516750,34181178,Posted: 11 August,all,Mr Björkfjörd,This game has so much charm to it.Very fun and amusing.
,Recommended,516750,34152909,Posted: 10 August,all,BennyS,Best game everthats all you need to know
76561198300647880,Recommended,516750,34142736,Posted: 10 August,all,Борат Сағдиев,Great game. I like. Is Nice.
76561198130025141,Recommended,516750,34137057,Posted: 9 August,all,Dicc Chocolate,ETERRRE-TERRRE-Fleetari
76561198088573517,Recommended,516750,34162657,Posted: 11 August,all,HornyPrawny,This game is RIDICULOUSLY underrated and should be way more popular than it already is. I really love the character design as well as the gameplay. I am also loving the fact that the Dev(s) refuse to fix some of its bugs because otherwise it will lose it's charm and character. 21/10
,Recommended,516750,34222335,Posted: 13 August,all,Lucy,"The van is probably the best vehicle you start with, which sucks because to make money, youre not gonna use the van. The car you build is probably the best, if you can get past building it without a guide (good luck). when you send your car to get repaired in the shop, the mechanic gives you his car to get home. you remember the top gear episode where they hooked jeremy's brakes to his horn so everytime he hit the brakes, he honked his horn. the mechanics car is like that except he hooked his steering up to his acceleration. if you try to move forward, youre going to go forward and to the left or the right.if youre just here to build a car, i recommend downloading a trainer, and using this guidehttps://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=814389237"
,Recommended,516750,31673307,Posted: 10 May,all,Rocco,"This game has my heart its in my top three favorite games of my life (Fallout 3, My Summer Car, and The Binding of Isaac.) Its a hard game dont get me wrong ive gotten mad at it often but as soon as you get the hang of it and actually know what youre doing its really fun. Always excited for the next update with this game the devs are great."
76561198315305760,Recommended,516750,34928291,Posted: 13 September,all,Bob Lee Swagger,Good game
76561198055981159,Recommended,516750,34927913,Posted: 13 September,all,❮❮❮grey❯❯❯,Absolutely love this game! Takes some time to get used to all the manual tasks but thats part of the fun!10/10 Would recommend anyone who likes difficult yet extremely fun and interesting games! :D
,Recommended,516750,34979047,Posted: 15 September,all,ポロクマ,"This game its addictive, game has some bugs but actully that makes the game even better, I highly recommend this game if you like simulators, love how you have to build the engine and pretty much all of the car, im currently in my 10+ hours and havent manage to finish my car because stuff keeps getting in the way and i easily get distracted with random stuff while playing, i can gurantee that you will get your money worths out of the game,"
,Recommended,516750,34949242,Posted: 14 September,all,BÖÖÖTT EE GÖÖÖTT,"Good game but would be nice with support for linux and better performance. when i have built the car i get around 40 fps.i have an i5 6400, 8gb ram and a gtx 1070."
76561198302811696,Recommended,516750,34961814,Posted: 14 September,all,21centrygameplayer,"I do recommend this game because the overall gameplay is very fun and there is so much to do, but there are some bad things about the game and I will list a few of them.1) You literally can't have a decent gaming computer it has to be a super gaming computer to get good fps2) It is very hard to build the car unless you know what you are doing3) There are only updates about once a month for major ones, and during a month there will be smaller updates usually for bug fixes.If you don't agree with my review that is you opinion, and this is my opinion and also don't go hatting on me because I listed some bad things about the game, it is an overall epic game that is definietly worth it."
76561197981272060,Recommended,516750,26239038,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,VulcansHeart,I had a pack of sausages. I just had a pack of ♥♥♥♥ing sausages! Where the ♥♥♥♥ are my sausages?!
,Recommended,516750,34987222,Posted: 15 September,all,<Salt>Greenshirt5000,Hard Like hell but it is gud
76561198014515260,Recommended,516750,34982485,Posted: 15 September,all,fullyflared,"Great game, as long as you don't get overly frustrated with its quirkiness which is actually a part of the gameplay. It's a fun time waster and you actually feel a sense of accomplisment when you first get your car started. If you want a game that's not serious and just something new to mess around with I highly reccomend it."
76561198366055969,Recommended,516750,34982685,Posted: 15 September,all,sniper,a good game if you love cars
76561198189421650,Recommended,516750,34998705,Posted: 16 September,all,envy hexiv,"Very fun indie game. for the price, and the quelity its amazing. I get about 110 fps while playing this game. If your into cars this game is for you. If your not into cars, i hope you know how to build a engine. And a suspension. 10/10 ign (nah just kinding ign never gave a 10/10)."
,Recommended,516750,34979409,Posted: 15 September,all,PokeyJr,Quality game.
,Recommended,516750,34980250,Posted: 15 September,all,Jdxtreme,Really fun game
76561198141143238,Recommended,516750,35084755,Posted: 20 September,all,I'M B̀A̵C͟K,i'm just gonna say i ♥♥♥♥♥♥ like this game but can you add a full motercycle like a yamaha r1:
,Recommended,516750,35124090,Posted: 22 September,all,Not Daddy-O-Forbes,My summer best game. Would recommend.
76561198133149707,Recommended,516750,35182183,Posted: 24 September,all,Bobtodd,"At $15 this game is very fun, I couldnt be happier. I havent had problems with bugs at all and really any driving game on a keyboard (for me at least) is always clunky and hard. If you like building, driving and racing with a sewage job sim mixed in, this game cant be beat."
,Recommended,516750,35144946,Posted: 22 September,all,Zâthra the Defiler,Best drunk driving simulator.
,Recommended,516750,35153828,Posted: 23 September,all,Blackbirdie,"Surprisingly the most fun car game i have ever played.Building the Satsuma, doing jobs, flipping the van over and smashing that yellow car idiot into a tree, is really fun in a life sim way.I thoroughly recommend this game, It's a blast!"
76561198134680218,Recommended,516750,34000903,Posted: 3 August,all,kenny the fox,i  love my summer car  it is  so fun to play # me
76561198094171361,Recommended,516750,35160671,Posted: 23 September,all,MEGA MONSTER,"LOVE IT!! At first glance, the game can feel cheap and abandoned but, but as you start to play through it, you're blown out of your seat by the level of detail that goes into the mechanics and physics of the game!! I totally understand that this is still early access and I'm totally stoked on the tons of content still to come! Thank you devs for a game that is versatile, yet maintains an objective (that I haven't even started because I'm too busy drinking and dumping sewage everywhere!). I definitely recommend this to anyone (i.e. Destiny 2 zombies) that are willing to take a break from the mindless grinding games to play something a little more intuitive."
76561198353742970,Recommended,516750,35153068,Posted: 23 September,all,lucas,the one of the best best games in my life
,Recommended,516750,34224116,Posted: 13 August,all,wr2champ,I have no idea how to built a car. I tried to attach the dashboard but then somehow I cracked the windshield. This game is much fun :D
,Recommended,516750,34228670,Posted: 13 August,all,bigmoney2JZ,"I was not prepared. This is a very detail-oriented game. Highly recommend for car enthusiasts. No tutorial of any kind, controls are kinda buggy, but otherwise it will drain hours out of your life. I just started and took me nearly an hour to understand what the hell i am even doing."
76561198039633028,Recommended,516750,34231938,Posted: 14 August,all,Munchie5608,"Fidel says yes. Many approvals from dictator green army guy who single-handedly with a few other people including his brother Raul overthrew the American-backed dictator Batista who was a much worse dictator than me, myself.I have brought many an agrarian reform for my country and this has enabled us to prosper greatly despite having trade embargo enacted against my nice new regime.Car reminds me of limousine as is high tech with bumper bars and fuzzy dice.Good game highly recommended, 4/4.75 Cubas."
76561198011618898,Recommended,516750,34231939,Posted: 14 August,all,Garmoo5608,"Abe lincoln Agrees with Fidel Castro.  Green Army guy of many yes's has total Abe Lincoln Apporoval!Watching Premier of My summer car at Fords theatre where I was struck in the back face by a bullet which enabled me to open my mind  to the awesomeness tht is my summer car.I love the real life physics of being able to♥♥♥♥♥♥anywhere at anytime really remind me of my younger days in a  log cabin,I Highly recommend this game  15/50 states"
,Recommended,516750,27629700,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NicE,"I used to be a player like you, but then they removed the fun part, and by that I mean the Gifu (for example) used to be op af! You could drive that thing into anything, no matter what speed, and you would survive. But then the game had to be a bit more realistic so that feature was removed and, with the latest update the game got much more realistic, so realistic so that I stopped playing it. I don't find it fun anymore, it used to be a fun game where you would build a car and go to the store, which was an adventure! At that time I was new to the game and it was really hard to just get some milk, but then it was all good and I had a lot of fun playing.Conclusion: What the ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,516750,34301362,Posted: 16 August,all,tezza_02,it takes a good game to get me hooked on and wont to keep playing and playing and playing      and  this is one of them   very well done !! good job!  hope the updates and final release is just as good   !!
,Recommended,516750,34279949,Posted: 16 August,all,TingelTangelTom,"My Summer Car is not a Videogame. My Summer Car is a way of life and the perfect opportunity to take a vacation while you're on vacation IRL.The game makes you work hard for your rewards, especially when wanting to enjoy sauna on the island, and it takes them away from you again whenever it likes. It will make you question the existence of a loving god. It will make you question the point of your real life. It lets you catch a glimpse of how heaven was envisioned in Finland back in 1995."
76561198318615619,Recommended,516750,34324581,Posted: 18 August,all,McDonald Trump,ITS A GREAT GAME I LOVE IT TO BITS AND I HAVE NEVER EVEN TUCHED THE SERFES OF CARS REALLY
76561198272599190,Recommended,516750,30984314,Posted: 6 April,all,RedKing_Snake,Best game everIk finisht my car in two days thats how much i like this gameKeep coming with the updates please
76561198273268733,Recommended,516750,33583997,Posted: 16 July,all,My Summer Car,The things I like about the game is that you can build a car and do other things. The things I dislike is that there a lot of glitchs but the game is still a very good game I recommend this game to people that like to build cars.
76561198318634255,Recommended,516750,34266059,Posted: 15 August,all,ShooterZ,"Really nice game and an entertaining one, i definitely recommend it if you like driving cars and exploring, the map is pretty big, and has plenty of nice vehicles."
,Recommended,516750,30318492,Posted: 4 March,all,Barry  @Just Gonna send It,Drives down Dirt road at speeds over 80Km/h doing jumps and lives.Hits a tree at less then 10km/h dies.
,Recommended,516750,34300308,Posted: 16 August,all,kanna,drink beer and get madrepeat until car is finished
,Recommended,516750,34329575,Posted: 18 August,all,PrettyZeeko™,"Dunno why i bought it...I tought it's gonna be fun...well...building a car from scratch,not my talent. but good game...if you are a mechanic."
,Recommended,516750,34332834,Posted: 18 August,all,Roald,"This game is frustrating as hell, but when you get the hang of it, it's actually quite nice.It took me a  few tries before I actually managed to build the car, but afterwards, it was amazing... Until all hell broke loose.The engine was overheating and leaking both oil and coolant, i could not figure out the problem. After driving a while, it got hot and blew a piston. I did manage to fix it by rebuilding the engine, but still, frustrating as hell.It is early acess tho, so physics aren't the best but it's playable. Just make sure to save often. If you die, you can alt+tab and quit the game and it wont registrer since this game has no autosave. Worth the price"
76561197977994056,Recommended,516750,34334079,Posted: 18 August,all,Eiw222,Car towing sim ;)
,Recommended,516750,34333306,Posted: 18 August,all,Drunked Noob,"This game includes an intricate and surprisingly realistic system for building, tuning, and upgrading an old car, while at the same time maintaining a vulgar and goofy sense of humor."
76561198285253980,Recommended,516750,34337006,Posted: 18 August,all,StevenHenn29,"Love the game but, I see on youtube people playing it with cigaretts and stress meters and stuff like that but mine doesn't. I don't know if I'm doing something wrong but could somebody help me."
,Recommended,516750,34317461,Posted: 17 August,all,Frosty's Pringles,How the ♥♥♥♥ did my sausage stash end up in the lake?
76561198349242533,Recommended,516750,34340361,Posted: 18 August,all,kaitlynbell27csgogem.com,great game
76561198075174089,Recommended,516750,34495541,Posted: 25 August,all,Kratos,it good but i have no adio
,Recommended,516750,34480870,Posted: 25 August,all,ZereLaatikko,Finland simulator with beer 10000/10
76561198401321236,Recommended,516750,34489669,Posted: 25 August,all,neilpatel2703,It is a great game to play and learn abit about cars and how to drive a manual car and also learn about the life of 1995 in a village.
,Recommended,516750,34498216,Posted: 25 August,all,- Stupify,"Great game, lots of effort put into everything."
76561198041741843,Recommended,516750,29793790,Posted: 8 February,all,stubbie08,You can drink your own pee. Bear Grylls Simulator 2016
,Recommended,516750,32399465,Posted: 13 June,all,[5K-314] Nugget,I love this game! 10/10! Fully recomend to people who like Sadisim or have a Abnormally Large amount of tolerance. I have/Like Neither of those things so the first week of buying this game I had to buy a new keyboard as well.
,Recommended,516750,34472214,Posted: 24 August,all,Jebediah CornFlakes,The game in 4 Sentences1: Get wasted2: Drive your car to your nearest settlement3: Get hit by a man in a yellow car4: Spend all of your money on beer and gambling
76561198127192236,Recommended,516750,31950552,Posted: 25 May,all,adkescZOMBIE,I am ashamed to say I refunded this some time back because I could'nt figure it out..After some time I watched some tutorials on youtube and decided to give it a chance again..If I hated it I would just remove it from account..I am so glad I gave it another go..One of the funniest times with a game in quite some time..Love it now! I regret ever getting the refund and very happy I bought it again..
76561198337560821,Recommended,516750,29865487,Posted: 11 February,all,J. Ware | A-17,the game will not work for me it crashing when a launch it
76561198164441254,Recommended,516750,34532335,Posted: 27 August,all,ItsBurn2016,when i am at the job of emptyig shitwels i always have to save and resrart the game cuz its not sucking just one at the time
76561198349121627,Recommended,516750,34565030,Posted: 28 August,all,Teimo the shopkeeper,"Love the game, hate the yellow car guy."
13589746523145698,Recommended,516750,27998798,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Aceshooter,"Get drunk while driving anything, have fun I love this game to bits I cannot seem to stop playing. Reallly this is the best game ever made. Also since I am also taking a class for being a mechanic, this falls right under being realistic with building a car. Very Recommended for anyone that is looking ffor a complicated game with either funny moments or devastating moments, both are fun either way. Great for challenges and I always come to this in order to calm down or just to have a bit of fun flipping people off and making them crash into other cars."
,Recommended,516750,31860498,Posted: 20 May,all,ALEX THE GUY,its a little bit hard to make your car (because im a freaking noob with all games). but i like that i can take a♥♥♥♥♥♥at the cashier in the store :)
,Recommended,516750,34442121,Posted: 23 August,all,ŘØĐŁΔĜ | The Spicy Engine,"Is a very good game, its fun and have good car mechanics and physics. I recommend ;)"
76561198388925124,Recommended,516750,34689838,Posted: 2 September,all,JoGeliZ [FIN],This is best game ever!
76561198358057292,Recommended,516750,34671893,Posted: 1 September,all,discodan,i love my summer car it is the best simulation game i have played
76561198165833260,Recommended,516750,34684853,Posted: 2 September,all,*GoldPlayer *™,Hello when i get this shower and cigarette update maybe some one know how to update ??
76561197991088934,Recommended,516750,34691788,Posted: 2 September,all,Mythodical,"This game is truly a gem on steam. There is no other game where you build a car from the ground up, take it out for a spin with a 30 rack of beers, and make newspaper headlines for being a dumbass.The amazing part of this game is how it immerses you. You are basically a teenager in bumble ♥♥♥♥ no where. Left to your own devices you just tinker with your car,♥♥♥♥♥♥everywhere, and drink ridiculous amounts of beer. What else do you need in a video game?If you have any interest in cars or really odd simulators with intriguing detail, then you have found your game."
76561198113403435,Recommended,516750,28696258,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,foxd25,game will not update anyhelp allready reinstalled the game
,Recommended,516750,34701243,Posted: 2 September,all,Dylos,"My Summer Car (MSC) is basically a survival simulator, you have the basics; hunger, thirst, fatigue but then there is also your urine / alcohol limit. You are first introduced to your house, with a completely stripped down car outside. There are many things in this game that seriously try to kill you and if you have permadeath on then your stuffed! This game is definitely a great game in my opinion.NOTE: Just don't push the car too far to it's limits, who knows what could happen"
,Recommended,516750,34696303,Posted: 2 September,all,Saxvi,Awsome! this game is the best thing ever! love it! U need to buy this right now!
76561198383869325,Recommended,516750,34698145,Posted: 2 September,all,celinelperreault2101,very god
,Recommended,516750,34709012,Posted: 3 September,all,Silent λ,"Don't let the games graphics style and wonky controls deter you. I wouldn't buy this game unless you are willing to dedicate   a bit of time to ACTUALLY building a car, theres no doubt that you will inevitabley get either confused frusturated or♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at your car because it won't start for some reason. There isn't any in game tutorials so you need to rely on the community which is full of guides on how to build your car, or your actual irl knowledge. Besides building a car theres other activites to partake in, Brew some sugar wine in your laundry closet, pump the towns ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s for some extra cash, drive a drunk home at 3 in the god damn morning. After all I would reccomend this game for people with patience, give it a try."
76561198314217677,Recommended,516750,34793730,Posted: 7 September,all,✪ 33DU csgobig.com,Best game. Add possibility to clean and/or paint car parts like the rocker cover so it would look better.
76561198149707446,Recommended,516750,34802820,Posted: 7 September,all,The_Shadow,Love this game... Played it a bit too much ...
76561197995991397,Recommended,516750,34619625,Posted: 30 August,all,Mr.Pickles,"This may be my favorite game ever. I am not joking. I even dreamed about this game in a multiplayer world' where there was a big city wit economy, even pvp, racers between players, stealing, rading.. then i woke up and i actually felt terrible about it was only a dream, last time i felt like that was when i felt in love with a girl in a dream and then banged her' and woke upPlease dev. I love you. Make this game online, it is possible and it could make you ♥♥♥♥ing rich' and for does money, hookers and cokaine. Think about it ... hookers and cokaine !"
76561198173063090,Recommended,516750,34843743,Posted: 9 September,all,Seymmelb,buys gamestarts game on crappy laptopgets 20fpslooks around and tries to figure out controlsfigures out controlsgets in vantries to start itdoesnt change gear out of neutral of take off handbrakechanges gear and relaease hand braketries to drivegets ditacted by petcrashes van into tree at 10mph and diesmoral of storydont have a pet whilst trying to drive in the game
76561198059587015,Recommended,516750,34854182,Posted: 9 September,all,TO05XY,goood game
,Recommended,516750,34848595,Posted: 9 September,all,ElPipila,Hey to the dishes and dishes to the dish washer
,Recommended,516750,34848482,Posted: 9 September,all,Blu,"Died twice, crashed into a tree and drowned in the van, haven't managed to make it to the store yet. 10/10 would die again"
76561198361323691,Recommended,516750,33430573,Posted: 10 July,all,firezombie528,this is a great game to kill time and maybe cure your boredom
76561198198605654,Recommended,516750,34356757,Posted: 19 August,all,DontAsk,"Personally I think the game's driving in general on a keyboard is difficult; I don't know if it is any better with a controller/ steering wheel, but steering/ turning on a keyboard is challenging; for even the simplest routes at least 6 fingers have to be on separate keys, and  that's just for the most basic manoevres - on top of that one needs to use a third hand (!) to control the mouse for vision direction, picking up items etc. Also, the road surface quality is lousy at the beginning on the unpaved routes, but that's probably on purpose. This isn't meant to be a total arrogant dismissal of this game, as I expect it's great fun once I've mastered the 'basics' - it's just that I'm not sure 'basics' is the right word!"
76561198155968861,Recommended,516750,34356223,Posted: 19 August,all,TheGhostGamer,"Game has the most potential I've seen this year.  The detail, the in depth mechanics, all it needs is a good deal of polishing graphically and a bit more environmental interaction and this could be the best $15.00 I've spent all year."
76561198235494972,Recommended,516750,34359738,Posted: 19 August,all,Ver Gang Films,Idk what they did but this game is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198399931297,Recommended,516750,34350732,Posted: 19 August,all,alfienicholls10,excellent gameplay love it :)
,Recommended,516750,34436225,Posted: 23 August,all,gamerpaddy,"this game is like a finnish dude that fked car mechanic simulator, dirt rally and himself while he was alone.its a piece of art"
76561198143555616,Recommended,516750,34463296,Posted: 24 August,all,Diki carinaGTS,I can just say that this the most realistic car fixing game ever and that i am speechless on the amount of different car parts and things that can go wrong its realy realistic
,Recommended,516750,34615686,Posted: 30 August,all,DoAsInfinity,SUGOI GAMUUUUU DESUUUUUUUU NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE?
,Recommended,516750,32423338,Posted: 14 June,all,Lost_CauseYT,"Dark Souls 90s finland edition, i highly recommend it but as for ratings i'll give it 4/10 its good but not complete yet so wait for it to come out"
76561198407372075,Recommended,516750,34606823,Posted: 30 August,all,fishfilits,im not getting the update on my summer car where there is smoking and stress bar?is it out yet or not someone help!?it would be awesome if they added a second floor to the house or added a shop to buy pets
76561198271520803,Recommended,516750,34616152,Posted: 30 August,all,Россия - мой город,my game isnt updating :(( i dont know why doeh
76561198243923646,Recommended,516750,34618738,Posted: 30 August,all,Sausageface69,I love this game so much but you really need to add a turbine or supercharger!!!
76561198042796896,Recommended,516750,34620040,Posted: 30 August,all,sebastianyeah,"Overall is a good game, is diferent, it has things to do around. it does gets a bit old over some time but the creator is constantly adding stuff and fueling a bit the interest and fun.Only problem is, creator keeps releasing closed beta versions and none are sent to the paying customers. Then you see this bunch of videos of the new features and you are just stuck with an old version just hoping that the creator remembers some day theres people paying here for that."
76561198048376487,Recommended,516750,34650843,Posted: 31 August,all,MY MOM!!!!!!!!!!!,I would say this game is pretty fun and thats coming from a person who knows almost nothing about cars. Some things can be challenging but i would say its a 10/10.
76561198295996027,Recommended,516750,34655797,Posted: 1 September,all,Lachlan cushway45,Love itJust make it work with mac OS
,Recommended,516750,34596243,Posted: 29 August,all,Greenguy103,!0/10
76561198202199949,Recommended,516750,35065460,Posted: 19 September,all,Lord Death,"I do enjoy this game, However after about 45 minutes I do start to get motion sick even though I have changed the FOV in the game to 90. All of the voices are Finnish and the english subs dont make any sense, so it would be nice to get an english voice mode. There are a few things that this game could still use like wrench sizes and maybe a repair manual to help speed up the process and know what steps are next. I build engines and cars as a hobby and this game is pretty accurate, without all of the little specific details like torque specs and assembly lube. All in all I would recomend and support the dev. this game can only get better."
,Recommended,516750,31383902,Posted: 26 April,all,Daddy,"Smoke cig, chug a case of beer, spend 5 minutes trying to tighten a bolt, then ragequit when you die on the way to buy the  fan beltworth the money"
,Recommended,516750,35074431,Posted: 19 September,all,Zakkrey,This game hates me
,Recommended,516750,34922440,Posted: 13 September,all,skrinlexromero,"Got my car stuck in a lake, had to fish it out with a tractor because my truck was halfway across the map stuck in a tree. Finished the car and the brakes dont work, shrashed it trying to drive it. so i cant take it to the mechanic because my truck is dead on the other side of the map so i insulted everything peed on my van and started over. 10/10 would play again lmao"
,Recommended,516750,34942581,Posted: 13 September,all,Wolfie,"Great Game. I learnt alot about cars and Finnish summers. Constantly Updated, And always more ways to die ;)"
,Recommended,516750,35061146,Posted: 19 September,all,nokau,"I'm really not familiar with Finland and many of the jokes here, but other than that this game is quite unique so far, as there's yet another game let you actually putting together a car piece by piece only to find out that there's loose bolts inside the engine so the hood and pistons went flying and there's nobody around to help you in the middle of nowhere, starving, thirsty, and probably crazy drunk.Until there's more games you can fundle your cars freely to make it's engine poops parts, spits fire or simply seized, this is the only thing around!"
,Recommended,516750,35061268,Posted: 19 September,all,Big Red,10/10 would crash omw to the grocery store again
,Recommended,516750,35030752,Posted: 17 September,all,CloneWarrior85,"Was born on a car,Grew up to be a drunk scum,Took father job,Died in poop sewer.Would play again 10/10"
,Not Recommended,516750,27495908,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Guido,A game with a good survival/crefting idea. I managed to wrench my car together with out much problems but I haven't  gotten very far. It's very easy to get killed and have to start over again. The driving is hectic and scary.Edit: OMG the intro is so stupid it by far tops the recently added train stupidity.
76561198110574780,Recommended,516750,29095642,Posted: 7 January,all,sl0wwy,good game yes
,Recommended,516750,35081420,Posted: 20 September,all,egi,Absolute gold. Regular updates with new stuff and an absolute blast to play.
76561198148143881,Recommended,516750,33953945,Posted: 1 August,all,SKEET0,great game funny world and a lot of things to do rekomend 11/10psst if you don´t buy it i will find you and torture you till you buy it :)
76561198061603865,Recommended,516750,35220941,Posted: 26 September,all,Jozzn,Two buttons for swearing.
,Recommended,516750,35217981,Posted: 26 September,all,The caliphate has risen,This game isn't for people who can't take♥♥♥♥♥♥up their♥♥♥♥
76561198169700701,Recommended,516750,35164512,Posted: 23 September,all,strangerpanic21,is good
,Recommended,516750,34891483,Posted: 11 September,all,Josef Stalin,quando vc constroi o carro vc sente o prazer de estar dirigindo seu carro q vc monto do seu jeito MUITO BOM!
76561198055684649,Recommended,516750,34899915,Posted: 12 September,all,Übermensch995,Bets car game
76561198389591689,Recommended,516750,34825068,Posted: 8 September,all,shaggyboecharlie,my summer car is a good game i love to go around and do stuff in the game but a few days ago i quit playing it because i died because my muscle car with the american flag on the top of the inside of the car dicided to do donuts striaght into a fence.
76561198424643801,Recommended,516750,35262689,Posted: 28 September,all,BlackTrashBags,"Fixed up my car for the first time and gave it a test drive. Within 10 seconds I ran off the road, rolled it and died. 10/10"
76561198071488970,Recommended,516750,35372353,Posted: 1 October,all,Emperor Karl Franz,i love this game but dont play it if your stressed making that car is a ♥♥♥♥ing nightmare everytime i put a part on another falls off D:
,Recommended,516750,29441398,Posted: 23 January,all,BlackPhoenix,"Now.... nowIf anyone asks you what the meaning of the word 'perfect' means to you, point them to this page, immediately.The Satisfaction of hearing that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little inline-4 turn over for the first time almost brought a tear to my eye and sitting here typing out this review is bringing that feeling back, but knowing you put each bit in the right spot, tightened down all of the bolts and this the result...15/10 would do a front wheel drive burnout againand againand againDon't even get me started on the drunk driving."
76561198348788395,Recommended,516750,35365610,Posted: 30 September,all,ford19404,great game
76561198321574990,Recommended,516750,35364904,Posted: 30 September,all,Racer45,I like the game but it would be nice if there was a real two truck like a flatbed so you can tow the car or whatever around better and in good shape
76561198330935426,Recommended,516750,35373797,Posted: 1 October,all,KodokHUman,It is very entertaining to mess around with the car
76561198384869780,Recommended,516750,35332139,Posted: 30 September,all,ADAM,so cool game i loved it its awesome the best game ever!!!!!!
76561198144493711,Recommended,516750,28680449,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ThingOnFire.,"I think it's called ""My Summer Car"" because you won't live to fall because of your failing liver."
,Recommended,516750,35400965,Posted: 1 October,all,alexanderprice2003,My Summer car is the best game that i have 10/10
76561198067816470,Recommended,516750,35399089,Posted: 1 October,all,Anthony_Tedesco,"I love this game! It's extremely fun, especially for people who've had experience working on real cars. It's intensely addictive. At $13.00 it was an outstanding buy."
,Recommended,516750,35395761,Posted: 1 October,all,FlyHunter,realy nice game with alot of tuning and pimping options. when you forget to tighten a bolt properly your car can get on fire. ore fall apart.
76561198253753354,Recommended,516750,35401519,Posted: 1 October,all,EthanTheGreat,What do I do when fleetari steals my ♥♥♥♥♥uma and Its not where he dumps it near his shop?He took it from me when it wasnt even finished but when I looked for it I couldnt find it. Would it be at the junkyard?
76561198428525052,Recommended,516750,35322507,Posted: 29 September,all,nicscottvlogs,I have one question for you. Why is the game so glitchy?
76561198406772729,Recommended,516750,35354638,Posted: 30 September,all,jvolk42,Best game if u can fix the car and know what u are doing its soo much fun with rally races and everythin im addicted
,Recommended,516750,35355630,Posted: 30 September,all,Jayjoe #Billy4Prez,SPENT AN HOUR DRIVING TO THE STORE AND BACK AND THEN PICK UP THE PHONE AND ♥♥♥♥ING DIE. REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561198414579264,Recommended,516750,35406749,Posted: 1 October,all,antto.i.suhonen,Very good game
76561198156299387,Recommended,516750,35417643,Posted: 2 October,all,صبر,Awsome game for poeple who can't focus on one thing for too long :P
,Recommended,516750,35419486,Posted: 2 October,all,48jimmie1™ {TS},This game is so great
,Recommended,516750,35494840,Posted: 5 October,all,[Reign] C0mpl3X,"I love Simulation games and I always have but this takes your experience to another level, with a great Dev. and community this game is very fun to play and many new features are being added. Seing what level it's at right now for it to only be in early stages, I cannot wait for it to be released fully!I highly recommend this game however it is very hard."
76561198321428669,Recommended,516750,35451887,Posted: 3 October,all,Smurrffi,Good game :)
76561198056710367,Recommended,516750,35498820,Posted: 5 October,all,DisappointedHedghog,"Amzing Game, Buy it!"
,Recommended,516750,26777460,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hyagh,>Start building your car>Car is finished :)>Drive it to the town to get it licensed>Lose control of your car>Hit a tree>Die>Permanent death is on>Lose your car and save :/>Start new game>Start building your car
,Recommended,516750,26526868,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,rogue matiz tyres,a really great game especially when modded it just adds to the satsuma experiencealso i didnt get this for free there was a box so i ticked it :>
76561198342680433,Recommended,516750,35508915,Posted: 5 October,all,Bofa_Deez_,"game needs a free mode ware you can do as you want and build the car without worrying about death or money , im confined to my house now ... car cant leave garage /wreck die repeat 9999/ rage quit ......"
