user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,517710,32157843,Posted: 3 June,all,[OC]Mag!cGuy,"Absolutely bonkers. It's always been so, but I still can't believe my eyes after the graphical revamp they did in May. The game is incredibly beautiful, fluid like crazy (I got this weird feeling of having more than 60 FPS, on a 60Hz monitor) and thrilling as hell.In the first environment, you will discover how technical and precise you have to be in order to try and do the best times/rankings. In the last ones, you can't care about that: the tracks are so hard, yet actually possible to do with training, making them incredibly fun.Oh and by the way, the music is beautiful.I deem the amount of different ships and all the liveries/colors to be absolutely enough. The cash needed to buy them is collected fairly rapidly, you won't have the feeling to go on an endless grind. Just do the career mode, even rush it, you'll have all the money you need.As for the DLC: buy it. Driving the track in Class IV is the most breathtaking experience I have ever had in a driving game, and god know I played many. As for the music, the choice to make it instrumental-only is well done: it makes for epic races.So, yeah, absolute thumbs up, this game deserves far more success than it's got as of right now."
,Recommended,517710,32375305,Posted: 12 June,all,FrostNineveh,"Easily the best racing game I've ever played, and here's why:Pros+ Fast. REALLY fast.+ Amazing tracks.+ Coolest racing vehicles I have seen in recent times.+ Literally the best music currently in video games. Period.+ Arcade feel is sculpted to perfection.+ Clean and polished with amazing optimization. No issues. Nothing left out. Finished game that works well.+ DLC is actually good DLC.+ Challenging races keep you occupied for hours.Marry F Zero and Hydro Thunder and you get this wonderful piece of art."
,Recommended,517710,25309823,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,SiGM4,"Absolute blast! Best Wipeout successor! However a shame that I don't have a 360 or ds4 controller. I tried it on m/kb and my Steam Controller but this game MUST be played on a classic controller with 2 analog sticks, it's crucial to get the most control out of it for pitching and strafing which you will need to do. A lot."
,Recommended,517710,32377239,Posted: 12 June,all,Asympatric,"-Pros-- This game is beautiful!- This game is fast paced, sometimes it's even hard to see what you're doing or what's going on XD .- This game provides a decent challenge that will keep you coming back for more.- Plenty of tracks to choose from, they also are themed to a specific planet and are VERY well designed.- Split screen local multiplayer, but only limited to 2 players.- Online works rather well, there's no lag between other players that's immediately noticeable.-Neither-- Your ship handles like it dances on ice, I know that the developers are trying to make the physics more realistic in that a hover ship isn't going to grab the ground very well. This is in the ""Neither"" category because it is both a con and a pro. It sucks to have to constantly fight your ship to keep it on the track, but it's also realistic and provides a real challenge. This is here just to INFORM others that your ship feels like it's on ice constantly.-Cons-- This game will make you rage if you aren't a calm person. Some of these tracks are specifically designed to throw you off the track just to kill you. Got a tight turn coming up? Yeah lets just get rid of the guarding rail so that you fling off and die just to remind you that you haven't memorized this track yet. Now this isn't true for EVERY track, but there are some in this game that have turns that are there just to upset you is you aren't paying attention or have yet to play that track.- Not a lot of ships to choose from, there are four tiers of each though. This honeslty isn't a huge gripe as you'll probably be able to find one that you like, but there is a desire to be able to choose from more ships.*** There really isn't any penaltly for slamming into the walls / guard railing on turns. If you try to drive / fly cleanly on a track, you will get a worse time than those that are slamming into the wall going 1200+ kmh. You can learn how to drift, but you have to know how to drift each turn for each track and have it memorized which takes a very long time and a lot of practice (Isn't very friendly for noobs or casual players). There should be either more of a health penalty for hitting walls instead of just taking ""Some"" health away or there should be a much greating speed penalty for hitting walls. ***- The controls aren't very self explanatory to those that haven't played these types of games before. You will learn them eventually, but it might make you frustrated at first."
,Recommended,517710,25374739,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Sebakan,"Man, when I saw the word Redout the first thing that come to my mind was Wipeout, then I saw the trailer. Ten minutes next, I was playing it, and I loved it."
,Recommended,517710,25702898,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Dado Brando,Now THIS is Podracing.
,Recommended,517710,32800626,Posted: 25 June,all,Tonballsy,"If you like Wipeout and/or F-Zero, you know what to do."
76561198244363032,Not Recommended,517710,29256868,Posted: 14 January,all,UbivTnomal,"I deleted my original review and put a few more hours into the game to see if some of my original crits could me remedied through practice. After a few more hours into it I can safely say my problems aren't me not knowing the tracks well enough or the car I chose, it's the game.Pros- Art direction is good with a really polished look.- The better track designs are well designed*- The music works. Some cuts are good others are totally forgettable but it could be worse so this is a ""pro.""- Good sense of speedCons- AI is absolutely terrible. At first I thought i didn't know the tracks well enough to compete and hit the walls too many times to catch up. But after spending some time in the Pure Time Trails and getting in the top ten in the leaderboards in a couple or tracks and the top 50 in others, I saw first hand that racing against the computer is broken. If you lose first place during a race or last man standing, forget about it. You simply can't catch up. I tried different loadouts in the car, different tactics during the race. No go. I absolutely could not catch any car ahead of me after I lost first, second or third place.- No racing game is good when it favors hitting the walls instead of tactical driving to get the best times, which is exactly what RedOut does. That's exactly how I broke into the top ten on the leaderboards. I was trying to race with precision initially, breaking and taking turns trying not to hit the walls. The game actually punishes you for this as you have to break the car down so much to the extent that you simply can't compete. The cars simply drift too much for it to matter and you almost have to come to a dead stop at times. The times posted trying to achieve perfect laps will never be very high and in some cases you simply can't get the gold medal for events. Once I started hitting walls I noticed that I maintained more speed going into turns as opposed to breaking into a clean turn and boosting afterward. Totally backwards and not how a racing game should play unless it's something like Twisted Metal.- The cars drift a bit too much making them a chore to control. Even with mag/grip upgrades my car would drift too much even when turn early AND strafing. It's not as bad as Formula Fusion where the controls are so bad you'll be lucky to finish a race let alone win it. But for this to be a WipeOut/F-Zero clone, how do you screw up the controls even early in the game?RedOut is trying very hard to be a F-Zero with WipeOut art direction. But anyone that's played WipeOut and/or F-Zero and gotten good at them knows the controls are very tight. RedOut's controls simply aren't that good. To ask the gamer to navigate rollercoaster tracks at high speed with cars that drift too much even after upgraded, AI that cheats to the extent that you can't catch them  and hitting the walls is a way to win is just sad. What's worse is that with some practice I was able to compensate for the floatiness of the cars. But the suspect AI and sloppy wall hitting tactics ultimately killed it for me. I regret this purchase as I was looking for something on Steam that could compare to WipeOut or F-Zero. RedOut isn't it. Don't let the pretty graphics fool you. You'd be better off emulating  WipeOut Pulse or F-Zero GX. Both are better games. RedOut is a bad imitation in a very pretty wig."
,Recommended,517710,26204545,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Dr.Doctor,"Got to the last event in the career mode.  Couldn't blink for 30 minutes for fear of crashing and burning and my eyeballs were aching.  Totally worth it.Some other cool moments came up too somewhere in the middle of the game where you finally get the driving mechanics and you're drifting consecutively through two or three zig-zags without missing a beat.  What a great feeling of control when you're just nailing turn after turn.Ship designs are to die for, and the whole aesthetic is simply amazing.  F-zero style graphics with Wipeout design choices and gameplay to do both proud."
76561198078338341,Recommended,517710,32668761,Posted: 23 June,all,zer0cypher,"This game has splitscreen.Say it again?SPLIT. SCREEN.Yes, even that's good enough to recommend this game despite my low, low game time."
76561198045737800,Recommended,517710,28524283,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Mark,"F-Zero GX is my favorite game of all time. I have kept a GameCube set up and ready to go since GX's release just so I can play it. In fact, it's the only GameCube game I have ever owned. My GameCube exists only to play F-Zero GX. And every night before bed, after donning my GameCube in its protective cover, I kneel over my pillow and pray that Nintendo will make a faithful PC port so that I can cease taking the Xanax I need to ease the ever-present anxiety that my GameCube will one day stop working, thereby rendering F-Zero GX a mere relic of history.With that out of the way, let me say that Redout is not F-Zero GX. It is far more like Wipeout XL than it is like F-Zero. Unfortunately, this means that it is not the game it could be. Every way in which this game deviates from being more like F-Zero GX in favor of being more like Wipeout XL is a way in which it fails to live up to its potential. That is because Wipeout XL is exclusively worse than F-Zero GX. This game begs for tighter steering and more precise strafing. It pleads for modular vehicles and tuning options that introduce sacrifice rather than serve merely as strictly beneficial upgrades. It demands best-time ghost saves that can be raced against.Those things being said, this is truly the best futuristic racer I have played since F-Zero GX. It is fast feeling. Really, really fast feeling. Ironically, this is rare in the world of racing games. Although in terms of mechanics this game is more Wipeout XL than F-Zero, in terms of quality it is far more like the later.---------------------EDIT: I almost forgot: The most annoying feature of this game is that F-Zero's control scheme isn't an option. Would it really be so hard to offer a control scheme with R and L strafing and the button for boost on the controller's face? Would it? Unfortunately, I have not mastered the the ""4-fingered shoulder grip,"" so boosing means having to sacrifice my ability to left strafe for the duration of the boost. Super frustrating (not really that bad, but still... it's the principle). Just let the user define their own inputs!"
76561197970347698,Recommended,517710,32897836,Posted: 27 June,all,Mart,"Always enjoyed wipout back in the Playstation 1 days but i saw this during the sale and had to try it. Turns out to be a great game with a top soundtrack.DLC in this game is a great example on how it SHOULD BE DONE, DLC is not a few skins/models but a good box of content for the money you spend.Will enjoy this game for many more hours."
76561197970371316,Recommended,517710,25309715,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,neonxaos,"[UPDATE] The rubber banding I experienced at first is only a problem in the beginning, it seems. After some ship upgrades I have been able to beat opponents by more than ten seconds. Still enjoying the handling and feel of everything, although I wish the career had a little more character - some rival portraits would have gone a long way, for instance. Still, the game so far is pretty much what I hoped for, and I hear there's even a proper time trial mode on the way. I will add my final thoughts when I've progressed far into the campaign and played some multiplayer.[First impressions] - game is extremely pretty; an explosion of colors and sexy futuristic shapes. The controls are tight and demanding. Really does feel like a cross between Wipeout and F-Zero. I'm a little worried about the AI though, it seems to have a lot of rubber banding."
76561198086418143,Recommended,517710,25317633,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Sarthos_Jacruga,"Where to start?...First and foremost, this game NEEDS to have a Demo. This genre will have the most critical and skeptical players of nearly any game genre out there. I'm sure, me saying I think it's amazing is overshadowed by the experience we all had with F-Zero, Wipeout, and many of the other gems this genre holds, as well as many experiences with clones and wanna-be games... But, here we go…Also, if you've made it this far, there will be no Too Long; Didn't Read skip phrase here. This review will be long, but I will give as many examples and comparisons as I can. With that all out of the way, let us get started.This game, as I see it, relates to several other gems of the genre, as well as some outside of the genre, and is overall a great Anti-Gravity racing game. I would compare it to F-Zero, as well as Wipeout, as many others have, I'm sure. However, I would definitely compare it to the N64 Star Wars Pod Racing to some extent, as well as Hydro Thunder (Both the N64 original, as well as the XBLA sequel). This game would also be comparable to any of the great Racing Sims out there (Gran Turismo, Forza, Assetto Corsa, Dirt Rally, Etc… Whichever you like best.)Redout takes most of the greatest aspects of all of these games and puts it alongside a great sensory pleasure of fantastic, stylized graphics; an amazing soundtrack (Which we ALSO need to be able to buy) and tight, responsive controls.From F-Zero, it simply brings the Speed, as well as the difficulty. In terms of speed, the first class of craft you can pilot reach roughly between 800-1100 KM/H, Which is comparable to F-Zero, and is naturally the slowest class in the game. This wouldn't be so staggering if the fastest vehicle in class 1 only filled up the 'Speed' stat only 1/5th-1/4th of the way (Depending on upgrades). The majority of Class 3 and up Crafts have near max 'Speed', as well as near max 'Acceleration', which, though I'm far from acquiring, I would assume is beyond insane.From Wipeout, there are the power-ups, however done a little differently. Instead of picking them up mid race, you equip them to your craft, which is an interesting decision, but it fits very well within the game.From the Star Wars Pod Racing, it takes a somewhat similar overall feel. Craft collisions are a huge part here. You either race to wreck, or race to avoid, and either is very manageable, so long as your reactions are quick enough. There is also a simple Boost mechanic, limited by a constantly recharging energy pool, which also fuels your power-ups.From Hydro Thunder, there is not just the visually stylized Craft. Unique, varied choices not only in looks, but they all legitimately feel different. Some have similar stats, but they all handle very differently from each other.From the Racing Sims, it brings a level of realism. This game is Challenging. It handles like a twin-stick-shooter, but it's a racing game. You HAVE to use both analog sticks simultaneously (And I would definitely say a controller is a must) as well as have at least a basic understanding of how to take corners or you will fall behind very fast. This game's idea of failure isn't when you die, you must restart, but more so watching your opponents lap you when you get too cocky on one of the harder tracks. This game handles very well for an Anti-Gravity Racer, and though it is unique, it is what I suspect will set the new standard for what this genre should aim for.The only downside I have for this game would be the requirements for it. I meet minimum requirements, and still, the game runs very poorly. I will say, however, this game easily is the game I will build my next PC around. It is playable on the lowest settings for me, but it is quite obvious this game, brought to its full potential, is quite the benchmark and indeed, beautiful.I would definitely argue this game will be what defines the Anti-Gravity Racing Genre for the next generation. The tracks are technical, the FOV and sense of speed is beyond anything else on the market, the controls are tight and responsive, and there is plenty of content to keep you playing, as well as Online Multiplayer. In terms of a Racing game: 10/10. Overall, stacking up against any other game: 9/10. Easily a staple in my library, personally. One that I will come back to quite consistently."
,Recommended,517710,26450728,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Elaine,"At first I wasn't completely sold on Redout the strandard modes were nice and the races fun at times but it lacked a spark.That all changed when I played the Boss race mode though. If anybody remember's and liked that old Hot Wheels movie (Hot Wheels World Race Highway 35) your in for a big surprise. The moment I played the boss mode it was like a wave of nostalgia washed over me it was like I was racing in the very races of that movie. The jumps, the teleports, the amazing tracks, the items all came together to create this nostalgic masterpiece. This game is without a doubt the BEST arcade racer of 2016!I've only just gotten to the level two cars and the difference between level 1 and 2 is CRAZY.  The amount of speed the level 2 cars have over level 1 is shocking to say the least. I'm having a hard time imagining what the level 3 car is going to handle like never mind the level 4 cars!PROS:-The adrenaline rush is intense with pulse pounding speed.-Amazing Graphics/Art style-Stunning race tracks with loops, jumps, teleports, etc.-Great stylized hover cars they each handle differently-Lots of game modes-Beautiful soundtrack (Still waiting for that ost guys)CONS:-Needs more tracks: What they have is gorgeous but there's only 4 areas; lava, desert, artic, jungle. We could use some underwater or space themed ones.-More cars: Again there's nothing wrong with what they have but more variety is always nice.-Multiplayer is a bit of a ghost town a times but since i never bother with multiplayer your milage may vary.Suggestions:-Could use a radio where we can play our own music while driving. Helps set the mood a bitI give the game a 9/10!Amazing detail and love were thrown into the making of this game.For those who don't know what hotwheels movie i was talking about:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNwNlOGiLdEEDIT: Now all i'm waiting for is for these guys to make an IGPX mech racing clone. If it's anything like this it will be amazing to say the least.UPDATE: This game has earned my ""Woooooah dude"" award nomination of 2016."
76561198055814197,Recommended,517710,33015413,Posted: 29 June,all,Krauvando,"In general, in this game you will:- Constantly fly at over 1,000km/h.- Choose between 4 classes (speeds) of ships, among different teams, with a total of 28 ships.- Decide between dozens of color/patterns for your ships.- Buy over 100 upgrades, including upgrades for the upgrades themselves.- Realize that an arcade racing game doesn't need items in the middle of the race.- Face complex yet very precise movement involving both joysticks.- Make so many loopings that you won't see what's your position anymore.- Deal with over 100 events in Career mode.In the game tracks, you will:- Deal with random sandstorms while racing.- Do jumps of over 3km.- Fly inside frozen crystallized mountains and ice lakes.- Fly around gigantic jungle trees.- Fly through natural forest waterfalls.- Fly into the colorful sea world.- Fly into active volcanos, next to lava waterfalls.- In case you didn't get it the first time: FLYING INSIDE FREAKING VOLCANOS DUDE.- Fly around breath-taking crystal mines.- Fly inside the remains of a broken ship in space (DLC).So honestly, if I didn't convince you to buy Redout with all these things, then I fail to see what would convince you."
,Recommended,517710,31545638,Posted: 4 May,all,Ebichu,"""Now this is Podracing!""-Anakin Skywalker"
,Recommended,517710,25518912,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Gene Parmesan,"This is the UE4 revolution at its most apparent. In nearly every way this is a perfect game--easy to play, difficult to master, beautiful levels, a constant rush of excitement and real speed. To address some other reviews, the AI is a challenging system, not an unfair one (I am a Wipeout fan prior to this and get gold medals approximately 2/3rds of the time).The instant adrenaline games, the true pick-up-and-play games have been neglected for too long. Finally we are able to start putting the fun back into gaming and it starts with Redout.Edit: After 10 hours I've nearly finished the career mode, that's pretty fantastic for a WipEout clone. I need more games like this."
,Recommended,517710,25378304,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Calorie Mate,"Redout is the Wipeout successor you've (probably) been waiting for.I say 'probably', because there might be one or two things you find off-putting.Let's start with the elephant in the room:the difficulty.A hurdle that many people feel too high to overcome when starting out. Now the first four races have rubber-banding, but after those four events there'snone of thatanymore. The devs have already stated that they're adjusting this""welcome gift""to make it easier for players to get into the game.Unlike Wipeout, Redout doesn't feature pick ups based on rng. Instead you choose one active and one passive power up before the race. This gives the game a bit of a strategic approach to races, since you can choose the tools that suit you best(you're able to boost by default.)And choosing the right powerups for your purpose has asignificant impacton the outcome. It's able to change the result from""wtf I don't even make bronze""into""You can't lock up the darkness""mode. So I cannot recommend enough to experiment with powerups everytime you feel stuck.Another thing that might seem off-putting is the weight of the ship. Particularly in relation to bumping into other ships. Getting a bump from a boosting ship from behind, might give you a spin that turns you 180° in the other direction. This is especially annoying since it breaks the flow of the game. A grave injustice to AG racing across all boards. However, the devs stated that they're working on that, so this point might very well be moot in the near future.One thing I personally find a bit weird is the upgrade system. There's onlyoneupgrade per stat and per ship(four in total.) Meaning that after one click, you're done with upgrading it. In most cases, you buy all the upgrades the very moment you buy your ship, making the upgrade system a bit arbitrary for a feature. I feel like upgrade tiers (I-V for example) would've done the feature more justice. The way it feels now, is that there's an upgrade system, just so the game can advertise with an upgrade system. As a feature itself, it's fairly underwhelming.Now for the good things though, and here it gets pretty straightforward actually. Speed, handling, visuals, music, AI, content/race type variety, and especially track design(the volcano tracks are some of the most amazing tracks I've seen in a game, AG racing or not), they're all top notch.Racing at high speed through a sandstorm against the well made AI feels as great as you want it to feel. If there's ever been a love child between the feeling behind Star Wars' pod-racing and general AG racing, then this is it.In terms of race type variety Redout comes with the following:Regular racesTournamentsPure events (no powerups)Time TrialSpeed (time trial with a speed threshold. Every second you match or are above the target time is reduced from your lap time.)Score (gain points for position, boosts and perfect laps.)Last Man Standing (last place gets eliminated each round)Arena Race (no respawns, last one alive or first place wins)Instagib (increased damage and no respawn)Survival (race until you explode. Pass checkpoints for score but beware of the mines on the race track.)Boss (multiple tracks tacked together by teleporters. Yes, it's as neat as it sounds!)Redout isn't a Wipeout clone, and does not want to be. The ship handling is fairly different, there's no airbrake but rather floaty strafing/drifting and the speed starts out much higher than in Wipeout. Redout is aiming to make its entry as a top grade AG racer, and as far as I'm concerned, the devs succeeded. With Wipeout off the grid since Sony closed its studio, 34Bigthings are in a position to corner the AG racing market with a new genre staple. And if this is any indication of what they're capable of, then I can only hope that Redout isn't a one time endeavor for them."
76561197963762578,Recommended,517710,25310625,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ArkhamUK,"At Last. A game that feels like Wipeout 2097. They have nailed the control scheme, the atmosphere, the tracks and even have done quite well with the soundtrack to. The speed is addictive. If you spent hours playing Wipeout 2097 back in the day, then this is what you have been waiting for.In VR it works well but as always, start with the lowest graphical settings to go for that killer frame rate then up it slowly to what your system can handle without any jarring. Personally I tried it on the lowest settings on my 3 year old PC and only the Oculus DK2 but it ran really well with no issues (make sure to up the max frame rate option in game).As a bonus i felt no sickness or nausea but so far VR has not added too much to the experience but it was nice to get some depth perception that may have helped at little in control. But of course you are not really looking around just facing forward to handle the speed. I found it better to play with the camera view showing just the nose of the craft to give you a point of reference in the VR space and look out for the loops though as I instinctively kept looking up so dont strain your neck with the adrenaline :) It also appears that your progress in VR mode will be separate from your progress in non-VR mode."
,Recommended,517710,25358918,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Cubetwok,"I remember playing F-Zero GX on the gamecube years ago. It was a great, extremely-fast paced racer that had numerous tracks, a great soundtrack, and lots of replayability. Unfortunately, Nintendo seems to have left F-Zero on the shelf in an undisclosed basement and we have not seen much hyperspeed hovercar racers in a long time, let alone on the PC platform.Suddenly, I heard about this game 1 DAY before it launched, claiming to be a ""tribute"" to games like F-Zero. Having played it for several hours, I can say it's a solid tribute, though not without a few cracks.Let me get my criticisms out of the way first:The difficulty of this game is all over the place. Most of the time, I had no issues getting goldor platinumon my first attempts. Sometimes, the events were challenging, but still doable. However, there are a few events that are ridiculously hard,especiallythe first pure race that you are allowed to do. I don't mind a hard challenge, but you shouldn't kick a newbie's teeth in when...There is no tutorial to explain some of the mechanics. I know the loading screen tips told me to pitch up to avoid scraping on the ground, which would lower my speed, but I don't know why I should avoid blackouts or redouts or if there is some trick to improve my pure racing performance. I also didn't know I could upgrade my vehicle until I saw someone's gameplay video. Basically, a little hand holding for new players would be much appreciated.The AI seems a little finicky. Some tracks, it manages to perform well to be really difficult to pass (hence the issue with pure races), but on other tracks, it slows down heavily at certain bends that makes it way too easy to stay in front.However, despite these issues, I'm willing to overlook it as the rest of the game is really well designed.The game has a really cool sci-fi look, almost like a simulation.The controls are great and feel similar to F-Zero (with a few tricks of its own).The SPEED is aaaaaaaaaAAAAAaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaawesome!Really great track designs, with some having really cool moments.Excellent dynamic soundtrack.I hope the developers can continue to work on this game, as I would love to see it just tweaked a bit more to become even better. It's not perfect, but it's probably the closest we'll get to an F-Zero game on the PC."
,Recommended,517710,25389334,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,haschischtasche,"Description:It is basically the aesthetics and verticality ofWipeoutmixed with the strafe from the firstF-Zeroand the speed fromI don't know a game that feels even remotely this fast. If you like any futuristic racing game you should definitely buy this.Three upsides:Feels incredibly fastDoesn't hold your handVery vertical track designThree downsides:More or less requires a controller because you want a second stick to be able to have analogue controls for pitch, yaw, strafe and accelerate. It supports keyboard/mouse controls, just saying that you will be considerably better off with a gamepad.Vertical bends are often poorly telegraphedA few events combine multiple tracks into one via teleport gates. You can not see the next part of the track until you get teleported, which often leads to you grinding the wall of a bend the first time around. It's tough to learn what is coming because those events tend to have extremely long lap times (three minutes and more)."
,Recommended,517710,25333431,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Xero | Syndicate,"Put F-Zero, Megarace, Wipeout and five tabs of acid in a blender and you have Redout. The music, the atmosphere, the vehicles and the speed are all very well done and I played for 3 hours straight before I had to stop to lower my pulse.This is what a futuristic racing game should be. This is going to be a hit."
76561198140299850,Recommended,517710,33245224,Posted: 4 July,all,foofaraw,"“REDOUT: Enhanced Edition” is (oddly enough) advertised as a futuristic AG (anti gravity) racer that’s a throwback to the “past” of computer games, perhaps because today’s DEVs feel players don’t want something new in their futuristic racing games. Fortunately, this reviewer/player is neither hampered nor guided by those comparrisons, and so this review (and reviewer) will ignore them generally, presuming experienced players are far more knowledgeable. However, since potential REDOUT consumers are clearly expected to know earlier racers well enough to base this purchase specifically on that knowledge, I will touch on gameplay only superficially, and place focus on where this game is less than perfect and may dissapoint players. (In many ways, REDOUT feels like a game BEGGING to be completed contextually.)REDOUT starts hard, yet very creative and beautifully designed, and that’s its genius The bare bones game (clearly a misnomer) contains 25 individual tracks, but REDOUT doesn’t even BEGIN to stop there. (Each of the 3 current DLCs contains five more.) The progressive Career Mode is broken into four levels, based generally on difficulty (based on the speed at which the races are typically run.) Level One has eleven “events”, but keep in mind that any individual course is far more than simply a straightforward race against the clock. They can be: ”Races” against as many as 10 or more AI opponents, an obstacle course where the goal is to avoid impediments at speed, “SPEED” - a very difficult objective to maintain as much race time as possible above a certain speed, “Points” races of as many as FOURTEEN laps and many opponents, “No Respawn and Increased Damage” races, “Pure Time” races in which powerups can’t be used, “Last Man Standing” with an outrageous number of opponents, a single “Tournament” containing as many as SIX full events, Arena races (staying intact), and “BOSS” runs, where all five course in a classification (geographic area of the fantasy REDOUT world) are all linked together for a VERY long and arduous race indeed. So, while there are 25 tracks (minimum game), they are transformed into NINTY-SIX separate events (plus DLCs.)REDOUT has created an amazing world, and once a player learns how to “see” the track as they race it, progress comes very quickly, and with great personal reward and satisfaction. Pretty much any event can be run at any time, and in any sequence (once each level is opened by an essentially unconnected process), so experience is at each player’s direction, need and pace. One of the more interesting aspects to this player is that a car will seemingly increase in speed without limit (until unintentional contact is made), so that a slower car may actually be likely to be the winning car for some players in certain circumstances. (The leaderboards confirm this, as many slow cars have amazing times.)Since it’s expected that players understand the realities of this type of game (such as upgrades and powerups), instead I’ll focus on some of the disappointments players may face unexpectedly. The balance in REDOUT is generally acceptable, but often disappointing. (Since I have only myself to compare to, I shall.) Though I have 47 Gold Medals (some quite difficult and/or lucky), and 32 of them are in Level 2, I still have one Level 2 event I have been unable to acquire ANY medal in (even though several Silver Medals were acquired on the very first attempt on this level.) This particular event is Explorer’s Chrono Survival, an “target avoiding” event, and of the other three of these I’ve tried, all produced medals (including a silver on Level 3.) For some reason, perhaps deliberate, the accomplishment level required is higher on this event than on any of the others. And while unable to obtain this specific Level 2 medal, 2 of the 4 medals I obtained in a very limited time on Level 4…..are silver. Anyway, take it as you will. (Just don’t get me started on the merciless and seemingly unnecessary “spinning tubes”, but I accept that as a personal shortcoming.)It seems an odd choice, though clearly deliberate, that in the instances of BOSS events there is typically a course included that has never been seen before, so that the only way to gain proficiency through Career Mode is to play an extremely long event to newly experience 20% of it through almost certain failure. Still, it appears to be a deliberate choice. (I say “seems to be deliberate” because the DEVs are only rarely sighted on the discussions. Having been a moderator for a game where the intention was to make contact with every player/issue as quickly as possible, this feels unnecessary.)It also seems unfortunate that DLCs are calculated into each player's full ""career"", even if a player doesn't choose to purchase them, and up to a week before they are even available (in the current example of MARS.) Want it or not, any player not acquiring the DLCs will find their careers compromised both in comparrison to other players and a 100% rating.{EDIT 7/7/17 - According to today's update, issues with the speed and level of financial and experience awards referenced in the following paragraph have been corrected. Thank you.}REDOUT players are given opportunities to acquire money with which to buy and upgrade ships, either by winning events or acquiring and satisfying “contracts” with ship builders. In the process of acquiring money and equipment, experience points are also awarded with which to reach all four REDOUT game levels. But since game levels are turned on with points obtainable at any level rather than by opening locked levels, there is the feel of something “missing”. (The way I chose to play, I was permitted to go directly from Level 2 events to the final Level 4 events without accomplishing, or even attempting, anything in between. In fact, I did exactly that out of curiosity, skipping some 50 events, and about 70% of the game, considering DLCs.) In a related aspect, it seems players as lame as myself weren’t considered to be an audience for REDOUT, so no experience above Level 35 was considered or included (or seemingly, needed), so I maxed out experience and game levels while still well within Level 2. As such, I spent a full week of playing without gaining “experience”, yet still earning money that is of absolutely no purpose or value (at least not at this point.) The experience levels were re-instated with the most recent update, but to what end is anyone’s guess. Anything harder than game Level 4 will find few players, and there currently are no ships beyond Level 4.While these issues may be mine and mine alone, one is not. It very common to misjudge distance in specific places on some tracks, the result being that driving into a wall, then grinding against it, occurs again and again until that location can be remembered by the player. Keep in mind that, annoying and destructive as it may be, it can be overcome through experience-based knowledge of each track.All in all, while REDOUT has the look of a AAA game, it feels like an indie that cries out to be fully AAA. OF course, there’s much to REDOUT, and for more types of players than I’ve included in this review. Much of the value of REDOUT depends on how much was paid. For full price, I can imagine the aspects seemingly “less than complete” might be significant. For a sale price, I think that almost anyone would be well satisfied for the hours of fun and challenge REDOUT is sure to present a player interested in this type of game. REDOUT is obviously a labor of love for its DEVs, and to be fully appreciated, should be the same for its players."
76561198050527746,Recommended,517710,25310676,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Vip,"After seeing TotalBiscuit's review I was quite intrigued.A modern F-Zero/Wipeout..And they nailed it for so far I can tell (roughly a hour in).Graphics are colorful and up to par with modern games.The soundtrack suits the game.You like speed and racing?Try this.It's one hell of a blast..Playing this on a 5820k @ 4.5 Ghz with a 980ti on a 1440p 144hz monitor.And well..I'm not maxing out at 144hz,so it's quite taxing on full details."
,Recommended,517710,25371170,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,bigman,now THIS is podracing!
,Recommended,517710,25494579,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Donkin,fast
,Recommended,517710,28303404,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,1 E,"This is one of the best racing games I played in the last few years, although it has somewhat little content, you always want to improve your record time and keep getting better.+ nice graphics+ good performance+ tuning is simple and makes an actual difference+ good music+ really good track design+ challenging gamemodes and KI+ the sensation for speed is awsome+ frustration kept to a minimum, I never felt demotivated while playing, even when I get messed up by the KI drivers / drive really bado content is not really huge, replayability makes up for ito some more statistics would be nice- I never found any online games (can't really blame the game, though)- the interface is a little messy- inconsistent difficulty (sometimes I give my best and end up last, sometimes I drive sloppy af and get first place)In my opinion it is worth the price, at least when you are into these kind of games (F-Zero, WipeOut, etc.).If not, wait for a sale, pick it up and try it, it does it's thing really well."
,Recommended,517710,32881248,Posted: 27 June,all,Mubarak,I feel like everyone should buy this game. Even if you don't like racing games (I don't.)It's the feeling of speed and thrill that makes it super fun. Also graphically it's so good.Get it.
,Recommended,517710,27587718,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Syrsly,"A great Wipeout-inspired racing title with optional VR and split-screen 2-player!I gotta say, ""I love this game so much right now.""  Redout is providing me some of the most beautiful visuals I could ask for from a racing game, and its controls are pretty simplified and user-friendly.  The UI is both easy to read and easy to navigate. (Some players may find the power-ups menu slightly confusing, but it's really not bad.)  The sense of speed with this game is impressive.  The time attack mode is challenging and worth your time, but yes, there's a mode with AI racers.  I've played a little of the multiplayer and it's leaps and bounds better than the AI in single-player, so much so that I never stand a chance at winning.VR performance is low but manageableI bought the game primarily for the VR experience, but I kept the game for the non-VR experience.  I'm a little disappointed with the cockpit model, but there's a no cockpit, no ship camera mode that works very well if you can get past the motion sickness aspect of it.  The game does not support the Vive controllers but for some reason supports Razer Chroma... a funny choice, that was.  An Xbox 360 or Xbox One controller works well for this game (in VR or without VR), and I personally recommend going with an Xbox One controller.Razer Chroma lighting support is cool but ultimately just a gimmick.Redout is the first game I've seen to incorporate Razer lighting effects.  It's a cool feature, but it doesn't seem to follow the game's music's pace very well.  When the music is fast-paced, the lights are a steady, somewhat slow speed, so it's not quite as awesome as it could be in this game.  The keyboard controls are also not the optimal way to play the game.  You'll want to play this game with dual joysticks.  That said, Redout inspired me (partially) to get my Razer products (mouse and keyboard), and the Chroma keyboard effects, while mostly a gimmick, add something extra to this game's aesthetic.Both free and paid DLC... but it's hardly worth paying for.To me, DLC is one of many ways to continue supporting a developer's passion for content creation, but this kind of game shouldn't be charging $7 for a few extra career mode events and a couple extra ships.  I feel that the DLC of games like The Witcher 3 have spoiled me.  At least, the DLC isn't just a bunch of skins, though... oh, wait, that's a thing, too... well, kind of.Trading cards and tradable game items!Yeah, almost everything has trading cards nowadays, but Redout has in-game usable items which can be traded on the Steam marketplace.  This is actually a rare thing even though Team Fortress 2 has been doing it for a long time.  If you get Redout, be sure to recoup some of the cost by selling the in-game items as soon as possible.  The value of these items decreases very quickly as more players get them and more people play the game.Overall, this game is well worth the $26 I spent on it, and the VR features are a nice bonus, even if I never really want to use them.  You will have to have a powerful rig to truly enjoy its spectacular visuals in VR, but it'll run fairly well on a modest gaming rig without VR.  Tuning the graphical options is fairly easy and can result in nicer performance for low end rigs and VR purposes.  This game works great on both my Phenom II rig and my Ryzen rig."
76561198061630960,Recommended,517710,32664360,Posted: 22 June,all,attilalendvai,"It's hard to believe it's been close to 20 years since I first enjoyed the thrill of high speed hover racing courtesy of WipeOut on my PS1, and WipeOut2 a few years later on PS2. Now, after being a PC-only gamer for some years (and not bothering with PSX emuation) a VERY FAST, very slick hover racer comes to PC, complete with powerups, cool ship designs, awesome tracks (and music tracks), and pseudo-robotic voice over. It's a great genre which may think gets old after a while, but once you get into sci-fi hover racing, forevermore, every now and then, you'll just wanna scratch that hover racing itch...and RedOut does that in spades. Got this on a Steam Summer Sale. Great value."
,Recommended,517710,30719954,Posted: 24 March,all,Whoota,"So, this one time, a guy on my Facebook said that his game was finally released. Being sceptic, I assumed it was going to be another eight-bit graphic indie rush job. Yeah- no. It was Redout. A fully fleshed out Zero-G racer. Shut up and take my money.Redout is a three dimensional racing game. You take control of a futuristic pseudo space car which magnetically sticks to an aggressively winding and looping track and try to be the best pilot at roughly 800km/h. Not only do you take corners and bends, but you also need to mind your angle when taking slopes. It’s a very involving and definitely a hands-on game. Very engaging; not for the faint of heart.When you first try the game you’ll quickly become acquainted with the wall and your best friend the respawn prompt. Your ship has a durability bar, and hitting the wall, ground or other racers will quickly drain it. Learning to fly this machine is key and until I had read a guide on Steam on how to corner I was grinding my ship into scrap at every other corner. The key is to understand the strafing mechanic. You can adjust your alignment to the track ever so slightly, but in the corners you can use it  curve round the apex neatly and initiate a little drift for effect or you can correct your exit and make a swift boost onto the straight. Practice makes perfect and flying a race without ever touching the walls might be worthy of its own exhibition in the Louvre.The ships come in four classes, from fast to “my face has come off”. Every ship controls slightly differently and at times you’ll find use for even the most skewed vessel. Each ship looks simple on level one, but become much more alien and ornate on every level. Although they look like tricked out polygons, you’ll be too busy going fast to care. The music is on the mark. Satisfyingly pulse pounding and energising. Some tracks stick with you, however, the selection is limited.The tracks are the true stars here. With five different environments and with about four different tracks on each, you’ll quickly become familiar with many twists and turns. Hairpins and sudden drops are part of the game. Insane airtime and submarine sections are also par for the course. There is as much up and down as there is left and right. Learning the tracks is immensely rewarding because the AI is terrible at big hairpins, so knowing when to pounce is the key to winning races.Breaking up the monotony are a slew of race types. From regular races to time attacks, as well as elimination, speed limit runs and super races that connect all tracks from one environment into one super race. Making your way through career will take a pretty long time. You’ll be rewarded for every medal and you will keep going to better yourself after buying a power-up that just made all the difference. However, afterward I found very little else to do because online appears to be pretty dead. I only found one other player and he wasn’t even on my level.In short, Redout is blindingly fast, unforgiving, long, rewarding and fun to play. However, the learning curve can be a big turn-off of many and linking your available machines to your career process might be hindering online. However, the sheer exhilaration and tight experience make it very worthwhile."
76561198035510210,Recommended,517710,28759662,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,MahkVei,"THIS. GAME. IS. AMAZING.it seems easy from videos, and some  of the class 1 races are at first but thats not even the start.first, the right analog stick function: IF YOU DONT FEEL FULLY IMMERSED WHEN YOU HAVE TO TILT BOTH DAMN STICKS TO MAKE A TURN AT 500+ MPH, ♥♥♥♥ YOU DUDE.that♥♥♥♥♥♥had my eyes so stuck to the screen to make sure i hit every turn perfectly!! its so good!!! it makes the challenge feel real. and you truly feel a difference in ships anti gravity grip settings and speed and acceleration. they truly feel like hover CARS!! sure you my hit the walls alot but if you work and focus, you can  be a very driver redout driver. its not hard. but it really does requires a true racers focus. they did PERFECTLY. It feels like hover forza lolsecond; the AI. OOOOOOO THE ♥♥♥♥ WEEEEEE. those AIs are some feisty sum♥♥♥♥♥s, but they make your heart race like now other.. seriously, i did a race five times back to  back and the last time i was in  GT Lunace up against a Hussar and the dude made my ♥♥♥♥in hands shake. BUT I ♥♥♥♥ING BEAT HIM  AFTER 5 TIMES!!!!! AND THE FEELING WAS LIKE WINNING THE DAMN LOTTO!!! and  that was just one of the HARDER class 1 races i thinkthird: NO RACE NAV: now tbh, i was kinda disgruntled with this but  then i l began to appreciate it because i start realizing the nav is all in the track. you just have to put on your racers docus and PAY ATTENTION. dont be afraid to break in turns, just make sure you lean with everytihng you got and use boost to come out. USE THAT ♥♥♥♥IN BOOST MAN!!Its just good game yall. if you like f zero g and  forza, check it  the ♥♥♥♥ out. peace XD"
,Recommended,517710,33191117,Posted: 3 July,all,Breach(),"It's pretty much exactly what it claims to be, a spiritual successor to WipeOut, F-Zero, etc. Just go in understanding that it's similar, but its own beast, and you'll enjoy it as much as I have."
,Recommended,517710,31372590,Posted: 26 April,all,petezel,"This game is legit so fast it will melt your brain, in a good way - and you'll keep coming back for more. It is hard enough to be quite challenging later on and not too easy so that early races appear to be timewasters. Online play better than AI if you find anyone to play against.Bottom line: if you like it hard and fast, get it and get racing, 9/10UPDATE 1: The game has been re-coded and optimised and runs smoother than ever!UPDATE 2: more DLC has been released and it has all been on point, I will gladly keep buying them if tthe devs keep producing content of this standard.Literally a dream come true, I LOVE this game."
,Recommended,517710,25685103,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,iorek VRnison,"Sorta rhymes with Wipeout, looks like Wipeout, sounds like Wipeout, feels like Wipeout, plays like Wipeout.This is an eager love letter to the Wipeout games, and it pulls it off. This is the Wipeout VR we were never going to get.If you wistfully remember pouring countless hours into Mega Mall, or pinning Icaras and Feisar posters on your wall, or wanting to work for The Design Republic... this is your game. Do it.Especially with a Vive."
,Recommended,517710,25407955,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,DriftNinjaElite,"At the time of this review, I'm about 25% into career mode.So far, this game is on par with Wipeout and it kicks things up a couple notches in terms of speed and crazy tracks. Handling is a bit more like F-Zero, and can take a good deal of practice to get used to. I'm having a lot of fun playing this one and feel that its worth the price.Pros:- In-depth Career mode. 4 race classes, ship upgrades.Current Best Speed is 1,410mph. Yes, you read that right: MPH. You'll see those speeds on Class 2.- Passive and Active ""Weapon"" perks which are also upgradeable- Trippy looking race tracks with jumps and boost pads.- Fitting OST- Cool looking ships, some unique designs.Cons:- FPS drops on some tracks, usually near portals.- AI is a bit strange, tough some races and easy others, unpredictable driving patterns.- Has a higher learning curve then some games, but you do earn money if you lose.- Older computers will not be able to run this. I'm running it on low settings with 60% resolution.Things that would make this game epic:- Track Builder. So many games lack this feature, and i think having the ability to create, share and race yours and tracks others have created could be epic.- Custom OST - Allow us to race to our own music if we choose to.At its current state i would give this game a 7.5/10. Let the positive history of all the reviewers before me speak for themselves. I'd love to see what else devs include for the game in the future."
,Recommended,517710,31224493,Posted: 18 April,all,Russ,"I am blown away by the racing mechanics and the physics in this game.  40 hours played so far and it's not getting boring.  :D  I have been waiting for a ""finished"" AG racing game for years."
76561197988893361,Recommended,517710,25586452,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ƒorte,"TL;DR: The game is great, git gud and come play :D |9.1/10 overall|(Also, this is currently based mostly off career mode, havent played online aside from with friends)I don't review often, but after reading the literal garbage review of this game on PC Gamer (still unsure on that decision in the first place) I decided I should try and at least put some positivity back into this game to that crap being served up by those bribe-♥♥♥♥♥s at PCG.This game is fun, like serious fun. Best recommendation I can give, convince one or more of your friends to try it out with you and just have fun exploring the beautiful worlds, listening to some tasty jams, and tearing through whichever beautiful track you chose at approx. 1000 km/h. More on that:Gameplay: (A-) So you jump into game and woosh, R2 (or RT or w/e it is on keyboard controls) and you're flying down the track in your brand new Class I car. You're already going crazyballs fast, and then you think ""Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥..if this is a Class I car, how crazy fast is this gonna get?"" Oh it's gonna get really fast, you press another button and fwoosh you found your turbo boost buttonand suddenly you're going about 200 faster than you were about an instant ago. This game is FUN to learn and get better at.Honest simple answers, the controls aren't as tight as they are in some racing games, but for all the boohoos about tight controls HEY.......shh. You're barreling up, down, left, right and every other damn way the game can manage on a hovercar...that drifts...at stupid breakneck speeds. Yeah, there might be some wobble. It's k, the chance you might go offcourse to stab the nose of the vehicle into the side of some poor, undeserving mountain is half the fun.Between upgrades, vehicle choice, powerups (both passive and active), dual stick controls, a bunch of different courses, brifting and boosting, there is a surprising amount of depth to this game's mechanics.Music: (B) The music of this game gets a solid mark, but falls just a bit short...lemme explain. The music in this game, for the most part and to my knowledge and opinion, does its job. And the fact that I have to phrase it like that hurts a bit, but it is on the nose. The music is high energy electronic, that pulses and drops and feels perfect when it lines up with a loop or a huge boost or a huge jump. It doesn't get annoying too fast and thanks to the intense visual portion of the game, the but that the music falls short for the gameplay is overwritten by the strict attention you have to pay to the track.TL;DR: Not bad at all, but nothing stellar.Career Mode: (A) It doesn't beat you over the head by making you run the same track over and over, you don't have to grind for decades to get in-game money, in fact your money is even buffered by career events that award somewhere between 8-50k in-game (lowest and highest I've seen). Has some super fun ""BOSS"" tracks (Don't look em up, save the fun <3) that will make you say ""woah"" out loud, even if it's just under your breath or whatever. Pretty much all my game time has been in career mode, and more hours are gonna get dumped there. Moral of the story: A career mode that showcases everything the game has to offer in a raw, no hand-holdy way. Oh and to comment on it as most have, yes the AI in this game can be downright brutal, but it isn't fun if you win every time, eh?Other Notes: FREAKING PATCH NOTES. Seriously, this came as a surprise, but hey, not too shabby to have a game get mostly BALANCE patching, with a couple of bugfixes of course, just one week after launch. Plus the peeps at 34BT seem to have a pretty decent correspondence with the community. Not stellar, but the fans gotta reach out too. :3Plus, while the phrase seems to mean less and less every day, this is a smaller developer, trying to bring us a fresh, fun game that, obviously, a lot of people sorely missed. I know I did.Overall, this game is a beautiful homage to a lot of hyper-racing games of old, it's fast, it's fun and it's waiting for you to grab yourself a copy and start breaking some speed records. I'd give the game a solid 9.1/10 overall.And for anyone who read any (or heaven help you all) of this, hope it helped, thanks kindly, and much love. <3 -FmD"
76561198130352267,Recommended,517710,26665090,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Nordic Taktx,"GET IT!!!!!! Best anti-grav race game since the days of wipeout (for all those old enough to know what that was). Great soundtrack, graphics, playability and vehicle upgrade system. GET IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't miss out for your chance to crap ya daks. Only thing I would like to see different is introduce a first person in cockpit flight mode. Well done to the developers on this hope to see a few more updates in the future."
76561198022906204,Recommended,517710,25317232,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,forysta,"The first VR game I've felt compelled to write a review for and so far it is *so* good. One of the best plug and play seated VR experiences I've had and one of the few VR games that feels complete and robust.Channels Wipeout in all the right ways, controls are responsive, challenging AI, smooth multiplayer.If you are at all considering this game on the VR front don't hesitate if you like arcade racing a la all the classic console series. (Just use a controller!)I WANNA GO FAST!"
,Recommended,517710,25390913,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,MooX,"As a big fan of AG racing games (Fzero X my love), I was very enthusiastic when I saw that release on steam, and I haven't been disappointed.The game has very good graphics and the speed sensation is awesome. The tracks designs are inspired and the different ships controls feel great. At first, the game can seem really hard, your first races aren't gonna make you pleased, but if you persist you'll find a very rewarding progression.I love it, the career mode is fun and the online mode is a great plus. That first time when I unlocked a platinum medal made me so excited, feeling my own skill improved.A must have for any arcade racing lover."
,Recommended,517710,32716296,Posted: 24 June,all,Vince,"It looks great and has a nice soundtrack as well. You may need a controller to enjoy this game. There are no remap options for mouse/keyboard and you are stuck with WASD controls only.I myself have always used arrow keys, so this is a problem when playing a racing game at breakneck speeds. It looks like it would be an outstanding game if they could provide more support. The last mention regarding this issue was Sept 2016. It just wasn't meant to be for me."
76561197963925371,Recommended,517710,25365660,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MadSkullz,"This is absolutely flawless.To my knowledge, this is the only time a game has exceeded it's ""spiritual ancestor""; Wipeout was a fantastic game, but is clearly beaten by this awesome experience.Track design is flawless and wonderful. Ship design is solid, music is passable (though lacking some of the heady heights of wipeout '97), but the environments, depth of gameplay and tracks make for a simply unbeaten game. Heck, even the game modes are incredible - Boss mode in particular.10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,517710,25629563,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Bolossom,"Great skill based hover racing game. The more time you put in, the more you get out of it. Getting a hang of the controls feels extremely rewarding. Plenty of Pros and most of the Cons are subjective/could be fixed with an expansion or patch.Pros:-Tight responsive controls-Well designed tracks with plenty of verticality-High skill ceiling-Around 20 different tracks-Excellent sound design responds to your gameplay-Plenty of different vehicles and classesCons:-Few music tracks, becomes repetitive-4 track themes. Could be expanded for more variety-Only 3 control schemes, no custom key bindings-Lack of balanced powerups. You will end up only using 4 or 5 of the total 10 (12?) options-Limited vehicle customization. Just pre-set color schemes. There are a good number of these, but something like custom colors, or custom logos would be really niceOnce again, very good game, the Pros definitely outweigh the Cons, and I look forward to the dev's continued work on this game, especially if it can address some of the Cons."
,Recommended,517710,25391189,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,☵➘Immune❖2AIDS➚☵,"red·outˈredout'nouna reddening of the vision resulting from congestion of blood in the eyes when the body is accelerated downward, sometimes followed by loss of consciousness."
,Recommended,517710,25546077,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Neith (SectionSkyly),"Redout is a futuristic anti-gravity racing game, very much inspired by games like F-Zero and Wipeout. For those who may not have played a similar game, you race in ships that hover just above the ground on tracks that defy gravity with loops and huge jumps. Since you have no contact with the ground, the physics are very different to regular racing games and require you to think differently as you approach different parts of the track. Each ship can 'strafe' left or right, which allows you to very noticably change the angle of your ship mid-corner. Learning to use this is crucial and does take a bit of time to adjust to, particularly if you're more used to the airbrake system used in F-Zero and Wipeout. You can also adjust the pitch of your craft's nose, which leads me onto the title of the game. A 'Redout' occurs when too much blood rushes to the brain from negative G-Force. In the game this means that when you suffer negative G-Force you need to adjust the angle of your nose to prevent a redout, which makes the entire screen turn red and makes it difficult to see. You can also blackout through positive G-Force.There are several game modes. Race (does what you think), Time Trials, Last Man Standing (the last place ship on each lap is eliminated), Survival (your ship health drains over time) and Boss (which is a series of tracks chained together through teleporters). There are also 'Pure' races where no powerups are allowed. I should point out now that Redout is HARD. Particularly in the first few races it really feels like the AI rubberband but I've seen arguments for both sides on this. You need to be on the top of your game to even place on the podium until you've earned enough for ship upgrades.Visually the game is beautiful. Even on lower settings it looks amazing and the sense of speed when you're racing is the best of any racing game I've played. The interface in menus is a bit clunky but its a minor complaint. The soundtrack is a bit of a mixed bag but mostly adrenaline-pumping which suits this genre of game perfectly.Complaints are few and far between but there are some areas I'd like to see improved. The options menu is incredibly sparse (there is no option for Window mode in-game and you can't manually rebind controls). The difficulty is going to put off some people, and I genuinely think that the first few races need the AI nerfing as it's really punishing for newer players. It would also be nice for a wider variety of tracks and ships. There are a good amount of tracks but only 4 locations so the scenery gets old pretty fast. Likewise there are a few different teams and each team has a few ships but within a team all the ships look very similar, as opposed to something like F-Zero.Overall though I'm a massive fan of Redout. If you even slightly liked F-Zero or Wipeout you will probably love this. Get past the difficulty curve and it's incredibly rewarding. Between this and BallisticNG the anti-gravity racing scene has really come into its own again."
,Recommended,517710,25390438,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Anonymoose,"Wipeout/F-zero fans rejoice, the genre of ultrafast and ultrabrutal racing games is ALIVE. It's easy to learn, hard to master, and doesn't forgive mistakes. Optimization is good, VR support is good, and DLC is pretty spectacular. Dev team is also amazing, props.Only down side is the lack of control mapping options. Not a big deal, the controls are mapped very well as long as you play with a controller."
,Recommended,517710,25403308,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Mr.Squishy Ginger™,F-Zero & Wipeout's Baby. Must have.
,Recommended,517710,29390382,Posted: 20 January,all,WindyMan,"(Review amended on May 12, 2017. See below.)Anyone that is a fan of the futuristic racing genre needs to buy Redout ASAP. I didn't care so much for FAST Racing Neo on Wii U so I was hesitant to dip my toes on another indie game in the beloved genre, but the demo and a Steam sale made me give it a try. I am glad I did.Redout is aiming high when it says it's trying to honor Wipeout, F-Zero, and other games that define the genre. You can see the influence of these games and others through the different ship manufacturers. Thankfully, the tribute is more the superficial, because this game delivers a pure racing experience. It ticks all the boxes it needs to (asethetics, lore, velocity) but more importantly it manages to be something new and unique.The best way to describe the gameplay is that it is a twin-stick racer. Like the twin-stick shooter, using and mastering the two joysticks of a modern controller is absolutely necessary to do well in this game. (An X360 or equivalent gamepad is pretty much required to play well.) Like in the Wipeout series, you can control the pitch (nose angle) of your hovercraft. However, the circuits in Redout take the vertical aspect of track design to absurdity. You will be turning up and down just as much as you will be turning left and right, and the game's control setup respects this.It's preferable that you learn the default control scheme, where you steer on the left stick and control pitch and strafe on the right stick. (Wipeout-style controls are available, but I wouldn't recommend them. Also, you can't customize anything unless you use the Steam client's controller config menus.) There's a learning curve with the strafe controls, which aren't like airbrakes. After you begin to understand how strafe can be used with, against, or without steering inputs, it offers fine-control abilities unlike any other game I've played.There's great satisfaction when navigating a complex set of horizontal and vertical turns without slamming into the walls. That's not to say you will ever get good enough to not graze/hit walls constantly. Shield management and collision avoidance is part of the game. This can be frustrating, as well as can the disoriating blackout/redout effects when you fail to pitch on extreme vertical changes. However, it makes it all the better when you finally discover the right timing of turn, pitch, throttle and strafe to make it through a hard section. It feels like you're really piloting a true hovercraft.The main attraction of Redout is the raw sense of speed it offers, and critically, the stable 60+ framerate it maintains under all circumstances. The only other 60+ game like this I've played that lets you go unlimitedly fast without a performance drop was F-Zero GX on the GameCube, and that game was bloody impressive. Redout is five times more impressive than that. The visual sensations of speed and direction change in this game can get so overwhelming, turning down/off the motion blur in the options is a must in the higher speed classes. There can be a game where too fast is too much, and Redout is that game. (That's a good thing.)My chief complaint about Redout is the (current) lack of multiplayer options. There's no local multiplayer. There is online multiplayer, but with the relatively small playerbase finding players when you want is impossible. Being an indie title, I have some hope that the upcoming console releases (PS4/XB1/Switch) will enable PC crossplay of some kind to help boost the online population for everyone. I would also caution how tracks don't always standout from the background environment, which makes reading ahead difficult until you can half-memorize the tracks. (You will never completely memorize them.)My bottom line: If you want something new in the racing genre, Redout is for real.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -May 12, 2017 - Review after v1.2 Update and Neptune DLCI wanted to add a few notes about the state of the game after the latest update and first paid DLC pack for Redout.First and foremost, this is not a game that is being left out in the cold by the developers. They released a free track pack (Europa) a while ago, and now they've brought a massive update with performance improvements, local multiplayer support, and now some new tracks and a new team/vehicle in the DLC update. There's also a difficulty setting to make AI opponents easier or harder, which is lovely.The new tracks are epic! Zero-G anti-gravity racing in outer space is not something I knew I needed until this update. If you can find an online game that's got a host with the new tracks, you don't need to buy the DLC to play them. Swell!Addressing some of my concerns from my initial review, online games are easier to find now that there is an official online community day (Saturday) and the 1.2 update shows you how many players and game lobbies are online at all times through the menus. There might not be a lot of people online at once, but these additions make it much more likely you'll be able to group up on a whim and race.The only thing I might say as a nitpick about Redout, or perhaps just as a neutral point of fact, is that although it is very good, very fun, well-supported, and feels as if it has a healthy future ahead of it; the regular price for the full game ($35) and DLC ($8) feels a tiny bit on the high side. Still worth it, in my opinion, but I still feel like it could have been a hair cheaper. If the game had launched at $30 and the DLC was $5, that would feel more sweet-spotty.Anyways, I would say that if/when Redout goes on sale, which it often has for as much as half price, anyone interested in it would be a bloody fool to skip it. Even at full price, though, it's brilliant."
,Recommended,517710,32926059,Posted: 28 June,all,FriendCalledFive,"Well, it has taken a lot of years, but Wipeout and Wipeout 2097 have finally been dethroned.As an old gamer who was an adult when the PS1 and Wipeout created a stunning racing genre, I have seen a lot of pale imitations over the years, including all the sequels after 2097.Redout nails the high velocity racing, with better handling and controls than Wipeout IMO, matched with some awesome tracks, that are as good to race as they are to look at.I am only an hour into playing the career, so I probably have a lot still to see, but my only critique so far is that the ship weapons/countermeasures aren't remotely as good as Wipeout, offensive and defensive stuff happens, but it is largely coincidental to you hurtling down the track at insane speeds, where you finish is down to your racing, not the weapon side of things. That said, I prefer races that are just plain races without Mario Kart toys, so it isn't a big issue for me.I have played it in VR, and it works well and just within the tolerences for nausea (surprisingly), but you are stuck with an in cockpit view that isn't as practical as the chase cam you can use in 2D, so I stick to playing it in 2D.The music is decent, but I have to admit to turning the volume down and cranking up the Wipeout 2097 soundtrack in the background for pure arcade racing bliss.All the thumbs up from me."
76561198039337300,Recommended,517710,25393600,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,James,"Saw a game that looked like F-Zero X, my favorite racing game of all time. Bought it, went to some lengths to set up my crappy wireless 3rd party ps3 controller, and got it working. Put on the full OST from F-Zero X, and played.Best climax I've had in my life.In all seriousness, the game is a blast. It's challenging, won't hold your hand any more than is sensible, and has tight controls. So when you lose, you have no one but yourself to blame. Definitely worth the asking price, as I've no doubt I'll be getting my money's worth out of this one.Edit: Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ Starting at the class 2 tier, the AI really makes you sweat for those ♥♥♥♥ing gold medals. I love it."
,Recommended,517710,31710257,Posted: 12 May,all,Mando,"Fast, hectic and at times nauseating (in a good way!) sickbags at the ready.Very capable engine and smooth pyhsics which will fly on almost any capable hardware, ive played it on an i7 2600k & 970 at ultra @1080p in excess of 90fps and now with a 7700k & 1080ti FE it breaks the FPS counter :P DSR 4K downscaled has to be experienced!enhanced edition update has improved the game no end :)"
,Recommended,517710,29795773,Posted: 8 February,all,๖The Notorious™,"An amazing hover-racing game, brings back a lot of Nostalgia from  the WipEout series, nonetheless great game with outstanding visuals and OST."
,Recommended,517710,25324074,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,zap2323,"If you liked Wipeout, you NEED to get this."
76561197978687554,Recommended,517710,33813563,Posted: 26 July,all,zero gravyon,"I initially approached Redout with some skepticism as to would it actually be able to redeem it's promise of high speed racing while remaining fluid to control and good looking. After the first hour+ I believe it's now safe to say that Redout has blown my expectations out of the water as it is EXACTLY what it promises, and perhaps more.The game's visuals while occasionally simplistic look very beautiful and smooth, the AG craft having good variance between individual craft models and different racetracks having unique themes. Combined with the soundtrack being intense but not too hard on the ears beats that fit very well to the background, this game captures the look and sound of those futuristic racing games that came before it.But the main points of the game are speed and control. The game's speed is phenomenal and the visuals show it as the track and lights blur around you to the point of sometimes it being hard to see where to turn. Luckily there are handy turn signs well ahead of any hard curves that could otherwise devastate your health.Control remains in your hands with several different ways of moving. You have your basic turning that decreases your speed the harder you turn, you have the ""Wipeout airbrake""-like drift on the right stick that allows some movement without turning the ship itself, you have the standard brake and you have an energy pool that can be used to get instant boost to help with recovery. Like in Wipeout you can also adjust your pitch by tilting the stick forward and backward, to adjust your jump length and prevent scraping the track on tight ramps and loops.Returning to the previously mentioned energy pool, this game opts for a different approach from the standard randomized pick-ups that you find on the track and instead has you buy your weapons or protective tools, of which you can fit one passive and one active on your craft before an event. You then use your actives by depleting your energy, if you choose not to use the boost that you can trigger at any time at the cost of energy. Each ship has a different level of energy pool and recovery, some opting to sacrifice responsiveness or durability to use their abilities more often, while some forego abilities in favor of raw speed or armor. This gives the abilities more of a tactical edge instead of them being luck of the draw.All this combines into an excellent game that so far has not revealed any major issues. If you love WipeOut or F-Zero, definitely consider getting this game. It's worth it!"
,Recommended,517710,25312133,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,0x29A,Wipeout 2097 was 1996...20 years I've been waiting for this.♥♥♥♥ing Awesome!
,Recommended,517710,28962180,Posted: 2 January,all,Rings,"This is the coolest, fastest racing game I've played in a long time. I've played F-Zero GX in the past but that game was more about twitch reflexes while this is more about learning to control the different ships to properly make turns without losing too much speed.However, I have to be honest here: the price of $38.69 is way too much given that you can get many other games to the same degree of polish as this for much less. I feel the price is the sole reason this game does not have a big playerbase. I had to go through hoops to find people to play online with. Many of my friends are interested in this game but do not want to purchase due to the price.It was a very nice treat to be given 5 new tracks in a new environment, which essentially gave us 25% more game, but unless there are 40 tracks total I feel this game deserves a nice price cut to give it more exposure, and give us more players to play with."
,Recommended,517710,28565335,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,NCLR,"VR ReviewReviewed on ViveThis is one of the most immersive VR games as of yet. Only a small space is required as there is no roomscale and it can be played sitting without the need for motion controllers. I used an Xbox One controller. It's one of the first VR games that isn't just a shallow tech demo or wave game. It boasts a career, online a quick play mode. In the career you can play a variety of maps in different gamemodes such as race and time attack and win contracts to upgrade your ship with money earned. There a quite a few different camera angles which is nice, such as bonnet view, cockpit view and third person view. I find that bonnet view is the best for VR in my opinon if you're going for the best time, but cockpit view is more immersive. The game itself pays homage to titles like F-Zero with a kinetic, gliding playstyle that makes you feel like you're in Star Wars.It's a must have for VR.I also want to add that it performs extremely well. I could run it at maximum framerate on normal settings at 150% upscaling with a GTX 970, i5 4690 and 16GB RAM."
,Recommended,517710,30867724,Posted: 31 March,all,The Relatable One,"Just to get this out of the way, I've always been an F-Zero guy. When my best friend introduced me to F-Zero X as a kid who loved Nintendo games, I got hooked. The super fast gameplay, all of the hovering machines and the race tracks that twisted and turned through the air grasped my attention and imagination like nothing else. Since the last iteration in the series, F-Zero GX was released in 2004, many have tried to emulate or to recreate the feeling of pure speed and adrenaline that those games embodied, and many have come close, but few have perfected it.So, how does this fare then? Well, it certainly gets speed right. Right from the get go, the first thing I noticed is that this game doesn't take speed lightly. Right from the get-go in the lowest tier of the game's different machine speeds, the speed is INSANE. Machines fly around so fast that you get tunnel vision, with no extra added in visual effects (aside from a bit of motion blur). Little posts on the road fly by at speeds that make other ""fast"" racing games look slow at times. This is great and all and really adds to the experience, along with an awesome visual look and soundtrack. Graphics are super clean and look great even just sitting at the start line.But, this game is different than F-Zero, and as such, the opinions some have of it may be different. While F-Zero is much more about an arcadey, tight, fast paced racer with slight combat mechanics added in, this offers a slightly more realistic alternative. Don't get me wrong; this game is still very much arcadey. Flying hover craft machines flying through an Alaskan tundra-turned race track isn't what I call hyper realism, but the momentum of a hovering machine going at break-neck speeds was clearly taken into consideration. Machines will slide and continue with the momentum you'd actually expect, which is where the more realistic aspect I mentioned earlier come into play. This dynamic creates a gameplay more centered around maneuvering your hover craft through the courses than it is knocking other machines off the track.So, because of this added in realism, the game becomes a lot more about mastery; requiring you to carefully learn the dynamics of your ship and the courses you race on, finding the best ways to carry it through in the quickest time. It's really quite fun and the presentation really carries it to awesome heights. The feeling of shooting off of a jump in some of the Alaskan levels at speeds exceeding the thousands while an awesome climax in the music plays gives a feeling of extreme and just pure awesome that I haven't felt in a racing game in years.With all of that said, it's with a big yes that I recommend this to you. While it is on the expensive side, I can see fans of arcadey racers and fast paced games alike having a blast with this, despite a not-so thriving online community. If this goes on sale, certainly do not hesitate to give this a try, as it really has some great content. F-Zero may not have another iteration for some time, but titles like these certainly do the genre justice."
,Recommended,517710,25420505,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Kronark,The best sci-fi / anti gravity racing game I've played since F-Zero GX and Wipeout HD. I honestly never thought I'd see a game in this genre hit such a high quality benchmark again. The ship handling and track design is excellent.If you have any fond memories of the anti-gravity racers growing up do yourself a favour and pick this one up.
76561197981960841,Recommended,517710,25676027,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Fer a cause!,If only racing wasn't such a Niche Genre...
,Recommended,517710,25632457,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Vivisector,"If you're like me then you're not so happy that Nintendo doesn't care about F-Zero and Sony shut down Studio Liverpool so there's no more Wipeout. Sure, you've explored older crazy fast racing games, and maybe you even picked up Fast Racing Neo on the WiiU, but that's still not enough. Then a ray of light shines through the clouds, and suddenly you are bathed in the glory of Redout.Inspired by crazy fast racing games of yore but with ideas and ambitions of its own Redout is a fine adition to the family of AG racers. With a large amount of even types, 6 ship types to pick from with 4 tiers each, an equippiable (and upgradeable) passive and active skill for those non-pure events, and 4 stat categories that you can upgrade, 4 track themes each with a multitude of unique feelings tracks, a seemingly Wipeout inspired soundtrack but with compositions set to fit the track rather than on a playlist, VR support, top-notch visual presentation and a feeling of speed I've been wanting to experience for a long long time Redout is a must buy for any fans of the genre, especially those wanting this type of game to make its way back to PC.My only two complaints are that you can't place bots in online multiplayer matches (So that is only 2 other people are in the lobby you can still fill out the other slots until new players join) and you can't fully customize gamepad controls. Why isn't LB set to use your active power-up? Why X?TLDR; I've had a fantastic time with Redout, its full of great stuff, futuristic racing fans should pick it up."
,Recommended,517710,26532677,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JJRcop,"Furiously fast, floaty, fantastic, with some frost!Redout is a game where you go really fast on antigravity speeders in the future, like, really fast. (And you have boost on top of that, too)Redwine's controls are very floaty on purpose, and it doesn't really feel that much like a car. It definitely feels like you're floating. You aren't completely disconnected from your direction of travel, though, it's just more distant than usual. In Redwood you can race in a bunch of modes on tracks located in Cairo, Egypt; Alaska; Abruzzo, Italy (kinda), and a Volcanic region, with each increasing in difficulty in the order I listed, kinda... This is because each region also has its own difficulty curve with the available tracks in the region, which you unlock as you progress in the Career mode.For weapons, Redwire has some, but they are not directly offensive. For example, there is a beam that allows you to drain the boost energy from an opponent and use it to fill yours, a passive shield that hard counters the previously mentioned beam, and a more powerful boost that lets you go much faster, in exchange for dumping your entire energy pool into it all at once, to name a few. You definitely won't be shooting rockets at people or leaving behind spikes, though. These power-ups are not pickups, and are equipped before a race starts. There are also passive powerups that you use to accompany the active powerups, with things like making your boost more efficient, increasing grip, making you respawn faster, etc. This is on top of being able to buy upgrades for your ship. There is also a ""Pure Race"" mode that does not allow powerups.Redcard has online multiplayer as well, but not split screen. The online multiplayer is rather dead at the moment of writing this review, I hope it picks up. There will be split screen in the future, as the devs have mentioned before, but for now it's just you and the AI, or online people.What I really, really like about Redalert is that after sort-of getting the hang of the floaty ships, turning early etc, it is an absolute blast to play. I love the feeling of speed, and the floaty ships actually makes it feel more fun to drive.I definitely recommend Redflag to anyone who thinks this will fit their interests. But if the floaty ships don't do it for you, don't get it, because they are not cars, get a car game instead."
,Recommended,517710,26409376,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Snivets,"I am a big fan of WipeOut, starting with Pure and progressing through HD and Fury.  I was the kind of guy who got golds on all career events in that game.  I was a bit wary of this game not meeting my expectations, and other than the radical graphic design of all the team names, this game totally lives up.For those worrying about performance (hitting and maintining 60FPS is absolutely key in these AG arcade games), I have a GTX 670 and this game defaulted to all Epic settings (ha) and maintains 60FPS without even a hesitation.  It's funny, because I would hazard a guess that it runs on Unreal, which is nothing if not optimized.I would love a pure Zones mode, but that would be a straight rip-off of WipeOut, and the Score mode here isn't far off..."
,Recommended,517710,31459462,Posted: 30 April,all,BlueLightning,"It's game coming from my dream 3 years ago. It is modernized F-Zero with separate Health and Energy barControl:Pretty good key bindings with keyboard but unmappable (A-)Graphic:Awesome, every detail come alive, even EMP camera effect (A+)Story:Short campaign, no story, but it also means time required to unlock all things (C+)Gameplay:Pretty balanced, all ship team has strength and weakness (stat balancing).Upgrades like easy to buy as campaign progress, can make perfect ship collection within a team from base class I till latest class IV with upgradesa ship can upgraded 4x, 1x each in 4 category: Accel+Speed, Grip, Endurance, energy pool and refill speedAbove with 4 active powerup and 1 passive powerup full upgraded in just 4 hours of gameplay.One active and one passive powerup may active on a time for non-pure event. And pure event means upgraded ship + skill to multiplayer, ready in 4 hours(A+)SummaryIt's great game, buy itScore: A- (87/100)Oh, Super speed ahead, DO NOT BUY IF YOU ARE NOT READY TO GET THE ADRENALINE GOING..."
76561198214496291,Recommended,517710,32481884,Posted: 16 June,all,S3THSPARILLLA,I feverishly sweat when I play this game 10/10
,Recommended,517710,27715590,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Caxx,Very nice racing game but should update U.I
,Recommended,517710,34540286,Posted: 27 August,all,CelestialArtisan,"As my German teacher would say, ""Das ist sehr gut!"""
76561198013564709,Recommended,517710,31334795,Posted: 24 April,all,Jan Michael Vincent,"Very cool game, recommend buyingIf you get car sickness, then definetly have a bucket near by"
,Not Recommended,517710,32931844,Posted: 28 June,all,NFG,"Redout looks amazing, sounds great, and runs like a dream on my mid-tier graphics card.   But.I wish I could say I loved it, but while it started off brilliantly, it escalated too quickly.  At first, tracks were more or less open, with corners you could see coming and few vertical elements.  In short order however they became wickedly twisty and applied too many vertical segments where vision was extremely limited, and curved tracks (or vertical curved tracks) where controls got squirrely.  Before two hours play had elapsed, the game demanded near-perfect runs to keep up with CPU racers, and if the track couldn't be memorized and mastered sufficiently, it was a frustrating ricochet festival, over and over and over.The design was fantastic, the graphics fun and fast instead of realistic, and when the music hit the right notes it was a sublime experience.  But ultimately it threw awkward tracks at the player too often, and ramped the difficulty up too quickly."
,Recommended,517710,30791235,Posted: 28 March,all,Reagnidom,It's really good. It's just too bad that there isn't enough people for multiplayer.Buy it when there's a discount.
76561198048135425,Recommended,517710,33335534,Posted: 7 July,all,KaiserZorn,"now THIS is podracing!on a serious note: this game is fantastic! for me it surpasses all the competition. it's a pretty pure racer, so if you love f.e. fast racing neos gimmick or wipeouts weapons you may find redout a bit lacking. the locations are very imaginative and the courses are very well designed; boss tracks (where all 5 courses of a given location are merged into one super-course) are simply the most exciting  thing this side of zone 50 (wipeout HD). even the soundtrack and retro-poly look work really well."
76561198199779867,Recommended,517710,25341052,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Al And Paris,"Finally someone put Wipeout on PCI've been on the lookout for a decent Wipeout clone ever since I first got a PC. Redout popped up as a new release and I figured I'd download it and if it wasn't good enough I could refund it. Well, no need to have worried, it's fantastic. The all-important feeling of speed is certainly there, the tracks are exciting and fiendish, the ships beautifully designed. There's an upgrade system to the ships allowing the player to improve their current ship and also buy new ones from the same stable. Rather than picking up weapons on the track, you purchase them (and also performance enhancers) - one to be triggered at the user's discretion and one to act passively throughout the race. These additions can also be upgraded using the in-game currency you earn from racing.It's not an easy game, there is a learning curve to each vehicle and each track. However it's not so difficult that a little applied playing won't give you the feel of the jet that you need to place well in the races and time trials. Different restrictions are applied to events to add even more interest to this pedal-to-the-metal racer. On top of all this, the whole game is gorgeous, even down to the loading icon. The Trance-like background music is pretty much exactly what one would want as well.A special thank you goes to 34BigThings for coding it such that you can INSTANTLY replay a track without it having to reinitialise. I really appreciate this, it bugs me no end when I want to replay a level in a game and it takes just as long to start as if I'd chosen a new one.I absolutely love this game and if you're a fan of Wipeout or F-Zero or both, you should grab it immediately. To my mind, it is an instant classic."
,Recommended,517710,25727893,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,DogmA,If you love F-Zero and WipeOut...and if you love WipeOut and F-Zero then get this game now...This is excellent anti-grav racing...completely worth the cost and a worthy successor to the gigantic hole left behind in the genre...
76561198024632017,Recommended,517710,25644828,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,QP,"Redout is probably one of the better futuristic racers that came out in the past years. This game nails the feeling of fast rather nicely and you will go fast rather frequently unless you flat out suck at the game. There is a fair amount of teams to pick form. Each has their own unique design and performance and there will be one that will fit your play style as well as upgrades and augments that will help counteract your ships weaknesses. There isn't that many different locations but each location has a fair amount of tracks all varying in style and difficulty, In terms of visuals, absolutly stunning low poly graphics that make excelent use of relfections. Now the downsides, I have three main complaints. The first is the difficulty. At first it as rather difficult but then it became stupidly easy. I don't know if its because I'm that good or the AI sucks that much later on but each race becomes a time trial no matter what the game mode might be. Another issue is a lack of conistant multiplayer. There are maybe one server once in a while and the players that do race are not very good. The last is the ""weapons"". The weapons are minor inconvenaces or flat out useless except for the boost upgrade that lets you use all of your energy for one big powerful boost. In the end, 8/10"
76561198007143476,Recommended,517710,25387578,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,ZatOne [GTribe],"Incredibly fast, brutally difficult, technically sound, and amazingly beautiful. Played Wipeout, F-Zero, or the Star Wars Pod Racer before? Feel right at home with this one. No hand-holding included. If it wasn't for the adrenaline-killing, killjoy voice of the announcer after every race, this would have been perfect. Still a great game to recommend."
76561198024270997,Recommended,517710,25311469,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,loupfu,"Anti-Gravity, very high speed, good aircraft model, upgrade system, passive and active items, excellent gameplay and mechanics, very challenging and lot of skill required, awesome racetracks, beautiful artistic direction, very well optimized, solid netcode, great soundtrack and very good fx !!To buy eyes closed, but open them when you are on the track (friend's advice) !"
,Recommended,517710,25313101,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Burg Man,"This is the kind of game people should think about when they envision PC gaming.Insane Graphics, Ridiculously smooth running, FAST AS HELL.11/10 without exaggeration.Get this game."
76561198287980771,Recommended,517710,29516166,Posted: 26 January,all,AURICOM,"To be quite honest this is my first Review.If you were a big fan of games such of wipEout, F-Zero, and other games in the futuristic anti-gravity racing genre then I highly reccomend this game. This game takes some getting used to if you havent played a hardcore anti-gravity racing game for a while but you'll come to enjoy it. All in all the setup of this game is spectacular it the tracks are challenging and the ships even have there ups and downs. The bots ingame are a frustrating yet fun part of that challenge. In higher ranked ships the bots are a god awful annoyance. I solely like the fact that there are only two dlc's for the game and that its not p2w (pay 2 win).  The price for the game is worth it also i reccomend buying the enhanced edition over the regular game itself."
,Recommended,517710,25374540,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,umuthi,"If you played wipeout and fzero in the past and are looking for a modern game to scratch that itch, then this is the game you are looking for. Great game!"
76561198059434820,Recommended,517710,25311753,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Palico HinDae,"While I love this game, there are issues with it. Primarily with the AI.First the positives:Excellent handlingGORGEOUS graphicsAMAZING soundtrackRuns extremely smoothlyCustomizable quick races, have 8 laps against 7 opponents!Gametypes!As listed, the game has been clearly cared for during development. Excellent handling, a wide variety of gametypes in case standard racing gets a bit boring, and visually pleasing throughout a lap.Soundtrack is amazing, PLEASE GIVE US THIS SEPERATE.Now the bad:AI is too goodBoost is spammableCollision is a little wonky sometimesThe AI is way too good on this game, one mistake, even a graze on the wall can result in a 3rd becoming last place. Also this may be just me but the bots will get very aggressive on the last lap.The energy boost, while a great feature, is too spammable. It doesn't seem to matter if I have a full energy bar or a tiny portion, I get the same result.The collision needs work I think, I get varying results from a little bit of sparks to being spun out from the same kinds of collisions.Overall, yes, this is an amazing AG racer in the same vein as F Zero, and the kinks are there but can easily be fixed in my opinion. Worth the buy!"
76561197977653787,Recommended,517710,29368866,Posted: 19 January,all,cactus22minus1,"I try/buy pretty much every Wipeout clone that comes out, so this was a no-brainer. When I first played it, my impression was that the game was gorgeous, but I didn't really like the controls becaue they felt too sluggish and stiff. So I didn't play it much at for several months, got distracted with other games. Then I dove back in and realized I was only using half of the control scheme. It turns out, the right stick is *critical* to gaining full control of your ship. It's basically like a strafe. Once I got this baked into my brain, I fell in love with this game and realized it's easilly the best thing since Wipeout, if not better! Where many clones fail, Redout succeeds: track design. Not only are they pretty, but the satisfying nature in which curves are shaped and linked give them high replay value. It's a total thrill all around, worth every penny and more.Oh and one more piece of advice: Turn off the motion blur! It makes it a lot more difficult to anticipate the track ahead of you. Everything looks more crisp when it's turned off, and you won't be hitting the walls as much."
,Recommended,517710,25389705,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Ceol,"Brand new to the FZero/WipeOut genre of racers. I took a chance after I saw a streamer play Redout, and I'm loving every minute of it. The art style is delightfully simple. The frame rate seems very stable. The music is awesome and gives you a great rush when you're doing really well on a track.Some feedback for the devs:Personally, I would love a short tutorial on the mechanics. I played a bit of Mario Kart, so I was somewhat aware of strafing around turns, but with no visible feedback that my strafes were helpful, I wasn't sure (until I ran the same track a few times) that it was even doing anything. Maybe something that just runs through what each of the markings on the track mean as you go through a run, and some tips/tricks.Currently, your powerups are bound to the X button with seemingly no way to change. This forces me to take my thumb off my right stick to activate them, which is a pain with ones like the Magnetic Grip that's useful to activate going into a turn. But what's strange is, the RB isn't being used by anything. Could the powerup button be swapped to the RB?There are a few missing words and odd syntax/spellings, like the ""Do You (sic) wish to"" bit when you want to go back to the main menu. Not the end of the world by any means. Just something I noticed a couple times.All in all, I was glad I dropped the $31."
,Recommended,517710,25777061,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,mzn,"Would I reccomend you pay $35 for it if you aren't a big racing fan? No.However, it is the closest to a F-Zero type racing game that has come out... Well, since F-Zero.It's challenging, engrossing, fun, and gorgeous. It's a fantastic racing game that I will play for many more hours. The AI is actually challenging and the handling of ships takes practice to master. The courses are extremely varied and there's no lack of creativity. I don't feel like I'm doing the same thing over and over at any point.But again, it's $35 for a singleplayer arcade racing game. I personally have had a thirst for a good racing game recently since there has been none (thanks NFS for sucking), so this quenched it thoroughly. However if you aren't big into the racing genre or a fan of F-Zero, wait for it to go on sale.Otherwise, definitely purchase it. I see myself getting a good 30+ hours out of this before I start to get bored of it/not play it frequently. Tons of courses and ships to master.EDIT: There is a multiplayer mode, but I have yet to be able to find a single match with other people online, which is why I said it is a singleplayer game. Which is fine, because it excels at what it does in SP. I think the game just doesn't have a big enough playerbase to consistently find MP games."
,Recommended,517710,32904408,Posted: 27 June,all,Gin,"I remember a few years back I played Wipeout, but mistakenly never payed much attention to it. My mistake, I've been searching for a similar game forever.I found the holy mothertrucking grail in the meantime.Amazing graphics, fluid gameplay.I would like more colors and customizeablitiy (I'm sure I butchered that) for the cars."
,Recommended,517710,26226449,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,rlphtrcy,"Exhilarating ... music and graphics, perfect for those that need an adrenaline rush ... highly recommend this!"
76561197972331255,Recommended,517710,26608088,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sam Urai,"If you loved WipeOut then you'll love this. The tracks are amazing and the flying feels great. It has a slightly different style of handling compared to WipeOut but you get used to it quickly if you've played AG racers before and it feels very fluid. The career progresses at a nice pace and there are many ships and powerups to purchase and upgrade. I have fully upgraded my tier 4 starting ship after 3.6 hours, so it doesn't take too long and once you have enough credits you can purchase the other ships and upgrades.Tracks unlock as you progress and are extremely fun and well made (aside from a few dodgy jumps). There are boss races where you race each track from a particular area all in one go by travelling through portals at the end of each section. The longest ones i've done take about 4 minutes per lap and I think it's a really great idea.The AI rubberbands as people have said although they do often collide with walls and end up stopping. I prefer the AI to 'cheat' and give me a good race though, it certainly makes the races intense. My main gripe with the game so far involves the collision between ships which often ends up completely spinning your ship around in the worst cases. Try to avoid contact with other ships as much as possible.Defintely the best AG racer i've played in a long time, it has so much potential and there seems to be a decent amount of content at the moment.Highly recommended to any AG racing fans!"
76561198023307252,Recommended,517710,26639733,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,FriendlyGamerGuy,"TLDR: Game is a very fun fast paced racing game and well worth what it costs for what you get. I recommend it for anyone who enjoys racing games.Full explanation/review:I'm 2.3 hours into this game and already am loving it. I was just searching Steam for a fun racing game that stood out to me, because I've had an itch to play one recently. This game definitely scratches that itch and furthermore excels in the fun factor. I also wanted a racing game that didn't include combat and weapons in it, and while the ships in this game can have some offensive abilities like an ""EMP"" to slow down other ships by draining their energy, it's done in a way that makes sense and adds to the game nicely.If you are considering buying this game, here's some pros and cons for me that might help you in your decision:Pros:- Fast paced racing that is exciting.- Feels great when you nail the turns and pass the other ships.- The graphics aren't exactly realistic but are visually pleasing even though most stuff is flying by really fast.- Learning the game and it's tracks is fun and gives a sense of accomplishment once you do start winning.- The music in game is pretty cool too!Cons:- It can br frustrating when other ships bump you and fishtail you.- It can also be frustrating when losing a lot and retrying the same track again and again.Although I will say the cons are probably present in any racing game, and if you are losing a lot you can go back to easier tracks or ones you know better and work towards upgrades to help you progress.Some information about other things in the game:- The user interface is nice in that you don't really have to take your eyes off your ship to see your health and energy, both of which usually heavily influence your strategy and tactics while racing.- Your ship has a health bar, energy bar and power ups you can use.- You lose health when bumping the sides of the tracks or when you don't angle your ship correctly when going through loops or down steep drops.- Energy is used when you use your turbo or some power ups (turbo is a speed boost all ships seem to have by default, and your energy regerates when not being used, making it good to time using it effectively).- You can unlock power ups after you level up your pilot a bit (level 3 i think, which is easy to get to).- There are two categories for power ups, Active and Passive and you can only have one of each equipped at a time.- Power ups can be leveled up themselves 4 times each.- You gain in game money/currency by completing races in Career mode (and potentially online mode, but I haven't tried that one yet).- The in game currency is used to purchase higher class ships with better base stats, the active and passive power ups, and to upgrade the power ups.- There seems to be a lot of tracks to choose from/to unlock, so I can't see myself getting burnt out on that for a while at least.- I used an xbox 360 controller to play this game so far, not sure how it plays with mouse and keyboard.To sum things up, if you want a fun, fast paced, pleasing to look at, feels good to progress racing game, this will go above and beyond at satisfying your needs. At first I thought it was a bit pricey (at 34.99 USD), but I couldn't be happier I added it to my library. I usually play ARPGs or RTS games but sometimes I need a good racing game to play and after not having had one to play for a while this was a site for sore eyes.I think this game is worth what it costs and is a real blast. 10/10 In my opinion.I will update the information in my review if I find I am incorrect about anything in my review or if my opinion changes, but I doubt either of those will happen."
,Recommended,517710,32707219,Posted: 23 June,all,Masterwabbit,"Me five minute before purchasing - ""Okay, let's see how well this can scratch my WipeOut/F-Zero antigrav racing itch.""Me five minutes into playing - ""SO FAST! KICKIN' SOUNDTRACK! LOVE IT!"""
,Recommended,517710,25660509,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,mFTm.OZReM,"While this game doesn't have missiles, it still has non-stop fast-paced racing action in enough flavors to keep it interesting.I bought this game because I effing love WipeOut. The high-speed racing looks amazing with the ""low-poly"" stylization of the game.As the game progresses, it gets harder requiring more and more skill to handle the insane courses at high speeds. Twists and turns that need drifting, climbs and dives that require pitch control; all of it while racing against the clock and/or actually good racing AI that is challenging, not cheap.If you like AG (anti-graivty) racing games, and yearn for one on the PC that isn't emulated, hop on this train."
76561197991027123,Recommended,517710,28158968,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,The Jerk,"This is the fastest racing game i have ever played, I think. You can really feel the speed and it isnt that forgiving for mistakes but you sure can make things happen really quick. It is really fun and the tracks are most often not too long. It is easy to learn but i bet it will take time to master!I really recommend the game if you like fast racers and challanges!"
,Recommended,517710,25382992,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,SuperToxicBeast,"I've been looking to get a racing game for a few years, but have been on the fence for every single one that came to PC lately. When I saw Redout I instantly got hooked on it. The speed, and style cought me with amazement and I had to get myself the game.I have never been interested in this genre of racing where there is ""Anit-Gravity"" and every ship feels like your sliding an ice cube on glass, but... This game FEELS SO GOOD.The AI is challenging, but rewarding when you beat them! You get this sense of accomplishment when you beat the stupid AI that beat you nearly all the time! I'm allways playing on the edge of my seat. I love how this game isnt geared for you to win, Its geared for you to play.Overall this is an amazing racing game. The game doesnt teach you well on how to play it but its very simple... I play with a keyboard. Well worth the full price in its current state.P.S. The Podracer sold me in the trailer :D"
76561198006578838,Recommended,517710,34701766,Posted: 2 September,all,Revoran,"TL;DR:Pros:* Lots of content for the money* Feels super fast* Looks pretty* Runs smooth 60FPS for me* Amazing soundtrackNeutral:* This is focused on racing not combatCons:* Not much story, just a few bits of flavour text"
76561197970779072,Recommended,517710,25313198,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Kuzeeee!,"Big fan of Star Wars Racer and F-Zero GX, disappointed by Fast Racing Neo, I love this one! It's fast and it's fun, a very good surprise!"
,Recommended,517710,25696551,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Cephy,"Redout is a great newage throwback to the old F-Zero style racing games. The visuals are amazing,There are 20 tracks across 4 worldseach world having its own beautiful landscape and each track having its own little features to it. The tracks get progressively more difficult as you continue through the game, and there is a steep learning curve for beginners. Recent updates have nerfed the AI in the first couple races but after that it gets pretty hard and fast.The controls feel a little loose and sloppy at fisrt but you get used to them and the game gets really fun as you learn the tracks and zip through the turns.There are 5 classes of ships each having 4 tiers of ships that race a lot faster each tier, so 20 ships total.Each ship has a few upgrades that you can purchase helping it preform better and can have the color patterns changed between 7 different paintjobs.The AI is harsh, there are a few races that I have no chance at keeping up, but other races I find very VERY easy and get goldor platinumon most of the races. There is some rubberbanding with the AI in a couple races, other races the AI is just brutally fast and you have to be 100% on point to keep the lead.Each time you get a new ship it's a unique feeling as you tear up the tracks faster and faster. When I hit the last tier it was a lot of fun going super fast, and a little dissorienting at times. You have to control the pitch of your racer as you go around loops and banks to prevent scraping your nose or tail on the ground, It's a great feature that isn't too rough to manage in the later tracks once you've ran them a few times.There are several active and passive upgrades to buy each can be powered up a few times to work better.Personally I enjoy the turbo boost with the magnetic stabilizer, it can create some really fast ""OH S%&#"" moments haha.The achievements aren't too hard to get either, which is nice. With their most recent update it fixed the one achievement not being able to be unlocked, so you can 100% this now.All in all I give this game a 9/10, only reason it's not 10/10 is because of the different AI behaviors in some maps.TL:DRGreat game, go fast AF, hit ramps, upgrade, get rekt by AI, restart races several times but have a lot of fun doing it. 9/10"
76561198078172747,Recommended,517710,29746541,Posted: 6 February,all,Squidpotato,"Extremely underrated game, it also hurts itself for not having a proper random track option and better supported multiplayer, otherwise one of the best fast-pace-racing experiences I've ever had. If you are searching for smth like that, look no further."
76561198054316613,Recommended,517710,29903527,Posted: 13 February,all,E-Dragon,"Played the game for 17 hours now and I'm very happy with those 20 bucks I spent on this game in the recent sale.UPDATE: I have >100 hours now and it's still fun to play and there are still occasional online races with the Discord people.Career consists of a ton of events ( I still haven't even finished all of them ) which can be time trials, races or something else and very often under special conditions or goals, so it is a little different every time which is a great idea to keep the game interesting and not dull after a few hours especially with a slowly growing increase of difficulty and speed from class 1 to class 4.Aside from all the different machines and classes, you can also choose between different powerups adding a lot of customization for your own personal preference.The controls are pretty well designed. Turning and strafing are responsive, however you will slide on harsh turns from your momentum taken into the curve.The tracks are all on 5 different locations which all look pretty cool and interesting alone. Together with some really awsome soundtrack it creates a great atmosphere.Online is not very active anymore, but there's a discord where you can gather people together for a decent race.So if you are a fan of futuristic racing games and if you are not absolutely terrible at them the you will definitely have a lot of fun with this game."
,Recommended,517710,25701298,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,❤ＣＨＫ❤,"Literally addicted to the speed.Need more. Need more speed. Give me more speed. Faster!Take that how you will, This game is bloody good."
76561198069516144,Recommended,517710,25450486,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,DOOM,"NEXT GEN WIPEOUTI love this game, and here are the reasons:- The the soundtrack is a gem, sets the tone of the race and is well produced- Great variety of racing ships: about 24- Great variety of tracks, in different locations- extreeeeemly good looking game. Just check the screenshots, what you see is what you get- easy to play, difficult to master- great control scheme if using a controller- Quite hard, mostly the Pure Races. This gives it TONS of replay potential to grab a few more gold   medals for more credits- The difficulty makes it extreemly satisfing to beat the AI in career mode, also quite rewarding with many customisation options for the ships with abilities and powerups- Abilities and powerups allow you to customise your racer to you racing style - Agressive with turbo, Patient with extra grip ectBut, as with any game there are flaws:- Initially the difficulty was TOO HARD. I got thrown in the deep end and was crushed for about 20 races in a row. However practice pays off, and so does studying the race track.- Almost unplayable without a controller unless you are a god- Hardly anyone online, so no online races- some bugs with the AI at the start line, where the spin out and crash into you.- The AI's ships seem mush stronger than yours, they almost never crash and have to respawn. Also when they bump you, you are out of the race instantly as you WILL spin out, no matter how fast they are going or how hard they bump youI am really loving this game so far, played about 7 hours and not even a 1/4 through the career."
76561197980137997,Recommended,517710,25335884,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Grifter,"Fast and beautiful! I've never learned tracks so quickly before... your brain activity and reaction time is spurred into such high levels while playing this, you feel like a superhuman.1st lap, explore2nd lap, improve3rd lap, exploit10 /10 would increaze again."
,Recommended,517710,25435767,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,TN Hoff,"A New Dawn For AG RacingRating:5/7 (✩✩✩✩✩) Highly RecommendedIntroduction:Redout isn't shy about stating its influences: ""F-Zero, WipeOut, Rollcage, and POD""—and while name-dropping is a dangerous game, I'm pleasantly surprised to say these folks can back it up. Now, I've never had the pleasure of playing POD, but I did enjoy Star Wars Podracer & even Megarace back in the day—and I think those had their share of influence over Redout as well. This game reminds me the most of F-Zero, but it does a lot to scratch my WipeOut itch as well—and that's really been my favorite AG game since the beginnig. There's a lot of love—and nostalgia—for the AG racing genre... and that means high expectations. There are some big shoes to fill.So does Redout stack up against all these legends, especially at a time when expectations are high for a competent new entry into the AG genre?Yes.Yes it does.AG Racing TL/DR Bullet Points:Excellent sense of speedUnique, technical controlsVertical axis as important as horizontalGreat hovering feelBeautiful graphicsA Stand-Out AG Racer:Nostalgia for the AG genre has been boiling for a few years now. F-Zero hasn't seen an entry for over a decade, and after the close of Studio Liverpool (formerly Psygnosis—the creators of WipeOut), hope for an up-to-date ""AAA"" AG game has been teased at best. Some independent community projects have been looking promising, and the hype train has been dooting its way through Kickstarter for some time now—but nothing truly solid has really been happening.Then, out of nowhere,Redoutbusts in the door, lays its cards on the table, and drops the mic through the floor.Quietly in development for 3 years, this game bursts onto the scene fully-formed, and totally righteous.One of the best things about this game is that despite its roots, it has a clear identity all its own. It reminds me of F-Zero. It reminds me of WipeOut. It reminds me of Podracing. Of Megarace. But it isn't any of them, and doesn't imitate any of them completely. Redout has its own look, its own feel, and its own control scheme. It manages to be novel, unique, and stand out from the crowd—all while staying familiar and true to the AG genre. I don't think I could be more impressed. It sure isn't what I expected, but man am I pleased.Handling:Probably the very most important part of an AG game, and certainly the definitive aspect of the genre. F-Zero set the standard, and there are endless debates about which entry in the WipeOut series has the best feel and controls. It's clear that WipeOut was inspired by F-Zero, but the game had a feel all its own—and the same is true for Redout. So what makes it stand out? Verticality.The tracks in this game have loops and twists the likes of which I haven't seen since X-treme G on the N64—and Megarace on DOS PC before that. And this time they aren't just there to look cool—nailing an up or down transition is just as important as nailing a turn in Redout. If you fail to pull up on a steep incline, your pilot will start to black out, and you'll scrape the floor. If you fail to push down on a steep crest, your pilot will red out (the game's namesake); the screen will go red and it seems like you momentarily lose some speed and grip as well. Unlike most racing games, Redout will have you thinking up and down just as much as left and right.Another very unique thing about Redout is the control scheme for turning. You've got the basic turn on the left stick like any other AG racer after the early 32 bit days, but instead of opting for a left and right airbrake system, they've done something a little more interesting. Instead of modifying your turn with directional braking, the ship has strafing thrusters—controlled by the right stick (alongside pitch) by default. There is an air-brake, but it isn't directional—and in the words of Captain Falcon, ""Real men don't use brakes."" The developers claim that every single turn in the game can be taken without using the brake—once you get good enough.The best way I can describe how to use the strafe is to think of it as the second half of your steering limit. Once you've maxed out your left stick, start moving the right one. There might be a better approach, but this is what has really started make everything click for me. If you just jam both sticks at the same time, the ship kind of wobbles and slides—but using the right stick to modify the turns deliberately not only pays off, it's essential.Difficulty & Challenge:On the subject of gitting gud, Redout is a highly challenging game—I would say moreso than most games it would be compared to. At very least, the learning curve is a lot more steep. It took some time to get used to the ""strafing"" system, but once it started to click, it started to become natural. The controls really didn't start to sink in for me until after about 7 hours of play, but they never felt unfair. It was clear I just wasn't doing it right. And once I DID start to get it, the game went from pretty and fun tosatisfying. I started to access that hyper-focus euphoria that draws me to these high-speed games in the first place.Powerups & Upgrades:There are tactical powerups you can use in this game, but I hesitate to call any of them ""weapons."" The closest thing to a weapon is the EMP blast, which temporarily disables opponents' energy—tied to powerups and the boost function. Other powerups include an extra-powerful boost, a repair drone, extra shields—things of that nature.You get one passive slot, and one active slot—powered by the ship's recharging energy bar, also used to power the boosters. Passive slot powerups can do things like increase your health, speed, or grip—among other things.Tracks:Redout has a satisfying array of 20 tracks across 4 environments; desert, snow, jungle, and lava. As stated above, these tracks have a lot of vertical changes. There is a wide range of difficiulty represented across the tracks. They range from wide-open, high speed tracks with slow, swooping turns to tight, complicated, and highly technical cat's cradle nightmares that require absolute focus, memorization, and accuity. Even within the same environment (say, ""desert"") there is a satisfying amount of track variation.Ships:6 distinct teams, and 4 speed classes with their own unique ships. Each ship looks and feels different, and each team suits a different play style. Each ship can be upgraded directly in 4 areas, in addition to the powerups; thrusters, magnets, shields, & energy. Each one will upgrade one or more stats such as speed and acceleration or grip. The designs are a lot of fun, which leads into:Graphics & Art Style:The art style in this game reminds me of what I imagined whenever I looked at cover art for arcade games in the late 80's. It has a fairly low-poly ""arcade"" style, but each facet glistens in the light and reflects its surroundings. It reminds me a bit of this one old arcade game... Stun Runner; except Redout looks like the idealized version of what that game was trying to be back in the day, graphically speaking. 80's / 90's low-poly arcade / Lawnmower Man type stuff. Bright colors. Shiny surfaces. Blistering speed. It's gorgeous.The graphics in this game are absolutely beautiful, and provided your system is beefy enough, the gameplay is buttery smooth. The options are reasonably scalable, and just about any modern system will play it reasonably well.Music:High-speed electronic music that reminds me a bit of later F-Zero games; totally at home in the genre.Conclusion:If you've been itching for a fun, challenging, and very fast AG game... your ship has arrived."
,Recommended,517710,29752817,Posted: 6 February,all,Takoyaki-San™,You know we don't have many Anti-Gravity racing games on PC.Redout is a good one at that.
76561198133769938,Recommended,517710,25323295,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Snake Plissken,"I started off liking this, then the honeymoon was over, then we had a second honey moon for some good ole sexci timeThis game is seriously not for the feint hearted, too many complaining abt AI rubberbanding, the trick is how you upgrade your ship and which one you useWhile there is minor issues, the game overall is highly recommended for anyone who has played anything from Fzero to WipeoutThis game is brutal, but it's worth the perserverance, just a shame so many people are just not patient enoughhttps://youtu.be/8Ogurif9wYwMy own music though, game is fun, hard and imo rewarding"
,Recommended,517710,25318411,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,draugr,Absolutely overwhelming sense of speed. Invokes old memoreis of playing Star Wars Episode 1: Racer.
,Recommended,517710,33623330,Posted: 17 July,all,Taf79,"Slamming on the boost when the bass drops and going +1500 MPH.Seeing the screen peel back like a fish-eye lens.The sound of the wind blowing past your machine.Passing by a group of other racers.Flowing with the pitch and turns of the track perfectly.The shaking of your machine from the intense speed.HAPPENING. ALL. AT. ONCE.If you have ever played F-Zero or WipEout and enjoyed it, you owe it to yourself to get this game and try it out."
,Recommended,517710,30863961,Posted: 31 March,all,Ember Sparks,"If you enjoy F-Zero or Wipeout, Redout is a must buy.Make sure to crank up the volume for its epic soundtrack!"
76561198111311884,Recommended,517710,28162445,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,davidapea,"Who the hell are 34BigThings Studio? Never mind. This game is absolute boss! This is by far, hands down, my favourite racing game. This is so satisfyingly fast with tough AI to keep you on your toes. (#GitGud) This is a spolier alert for you: The controls are NOT like F-Zero and Wipeout; you MUST have analog sticks (If you have no VR) to play this game properly (i.e. XEOX Pro Analog Gamepad-USB), but hot damn I cannot express this further: Buy the damn game.I hope this has more interesting content coming soon like selecting your favourite tracks because this can be an awesome francise if treated well without having to waste it.I wonder if Nintendo's tongue got caught by the cat as if this game makes the F-Zero franchise out of date? 9/10"
76561198006652591,Recommended,517710,25335022,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,WizardHat,"Finally a Wipeout successor that doesnt suck, easily the best that has been."
,Recommended,517710,25335519,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dab on dem goombas,"Feels and plays like Wipeout. Looks great, feels great, sounds great. Fukken 10/10"
,Recommended,517710,25337472,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Meph,"AG racing, this game has perfected it. Has a system where you have to strafe to perfect corners, really fast and really fun. But from my online experience when you're in first the host is just going to leave and quit the game. They need to punish people who do that. Kinda sad to be honest, but redout is one of the best AG racing games i've played."
76561197960275516,Recommended,517710,25351424,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,rek,"The controls, visuals, sounds, gameplay, feeling of speed... They nailed it. Races are long enough that the last lap feels tense but still short enough you are only slightly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if you screw it up. The cars are responsive, the graphics are smooth, and the maps feel fair. While the odds of you getting a perfect race are excessively small, and you always have room to improve, you can see what's coming ahead of you and the game is designed to encourage you to push your speeds. The menus are quick and responsive and there are no long loading screens between retries, so even if you have a short attention span it's very easy to keep saying ""one more try"".This game is damn good at being what it set out to be, so I feel safe calling this a black and white recommendation. You either want this kind of game or you don't. If you do then there's no excuse not to buy it. If you are unsure I'd recommend TotalBiscuits video on YouTube, it shows what the gameplay is like and he does a good job explaining why it works. You should know after that if it's something you'd enjoy or not.UPDATE: So, good news and bad news. The good news is this game is good enough that I just spent about 7 hours playing it the day I got it. The bad news is in that time I've already unlocked all class 4 ships, fully upgraded all of them, and easily took golds in the final career races. Now, I'm not really that good, so usually I'd say it's time to jump into multiplayer where certainly I'll need to keep improving to play with the best - but sadly the multiplayer seems to be completely dead. I've checked a few times today and never seen more than 4-5 people in games I could join. Given that it's been peak hours on a 3 day weekend, on launch week, I'm going to assume this must be because of some sort of bug limiting access to multiplayer. Hopefully that's not a long-term issue and there continues to be more content, because this is definitely a game I want to play more."
,Recommended,517710,25335080,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Snowglow,This is the most satisfying racing game I've ever played. I haven't been this glad to give a game studio my money since Besiege.
,Recommended,517710,25345516,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,MentalEdge,This is an AG racing must-have.
,Recommended,517710,25809609,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Kaisersoze,"Growing up with the F-Zero and Wipeout series, there have been dozens, if not hundreds of games that have tried to capture that futuristic racing gameplay and feel. None of them have hit a bull's eye on what made the F-Zero and Wipeout games classics....until now.Redout is the F-Zero/Wipeout sequel that we never got and that's high praise.Using the Unreal Engine 4, Redout is a tour-de-force of eye popping visual design, exciting gameplay, tight and responsive controls and blistering framerates.The two stick controls work to perfection in controlling your racers with the ability to hug corners or pull up or push down the front of your ship, making hills or tight turns come to heel.The track design is outstanding with a great variety of visual goodies, loops, corkscrews, huge jumps and big banking turns....basically fantastic rollercoaster type tracks. You'll even encounter sandstorms, rain and other weather elements that add to the look, feel and play of the tracks.Worth every bit of the asking price! 5/5"
,Recommended,517710,25401160,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Sock,"Playing this on a Acer Predator Z35 with a GTX 1080 at 200hz Ultrawide resolution.... it's probably my favourite gaming moment I've had all year, if you have high end hardware this game is a must."
,Recommended,517710,25313617,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Spectre,9.999/10 Perfect futuristic racing experience.
76561197990597328,Recommended,517710,25312900,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Mayrbek,"If you're a fan of wipeout like me and played that game to death in your childhood or like fast paced racing games then this is the game for you.The music, the visuals, the movement are like a orchestra which support eachother and make the game feel like a masterpiece.PROS+visuals+stellar soundtrack for fast racing+they nailed the movement for this game which many imitators lacked.+feels nostalgicCONS-crashed a couple of times during races"
,Recommended,517710,34221616,Posted: 13 August,all,Mayron,"Uncompromising, fast, tough and satisfying driving experience. Just as the description says. If you loved WipeOut back in the day, you will probably love this one as well."
,Recommended,517710,27985029,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Farroxi,"The sense of speed in this game is incredible. It's the first racing game I've played where it actually feels like you're going at the speed it tells you. I used to love the Star Wars podracer game for PS2, and although this game isnt a Star Wars game, it really captures the feeling I think that game was going for."
,Recommended,517710,29767539,Posted: 7 February,all,Godvernment,"Those who've played Wipeout now have a chance to experience roughtly the same gameplay again, but on PC and in VR!Redout, from the developers of Wipeout, is a high-octane, futuristic racing game with time trials, challenges and races. Sharp turns demanding strafing, loops demanding gripping and many different vehicles and vehicle brands to unlock and choose from will provide hours of fun. It has a full list of graphical options to tinker with to get the best out of both performance and Redout's stylized visuals. This game also supports HTC Vive and Oculus VR, though it is not mandatory. Single player campaign and online multiplayer are available and it even has support for 21:9 aspect ratio.Please note, if you're going to play in VR, you're going to have to turn down most, if not all, the graphical settings. Some don't mind this, but I found it a bit disappointing seeing as how I was running it on a high-end pc. Also, this game does NOT have weapons like Wipeout did, so don't expect those either."
,Recommended,517710,25320646,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Kita,"Redout is like every great futuristic racer played at once.If you enjoyed the SNES F-Zero, you'll love the drifty handling, while the modernized controls make it so much more intuitive to play, you'll be skidding your AG machine like Dr. Stewart in no time.The powerup system reminds of Extreme G 3, and it graphically feels like some time traveller from a future past where Sega won the console war. The lovingly polygonal ships appear so beautifully gouraud at times, contrasting with the shining, brightly painted metallic circuits screaming past you faster than you can think ""golly this is pretty"". Even though you can count the individual vertices in the ships, there are some absolutely gorgous vehicle designs here. No none'a that ""aerodynamic spaceship blob with wings"" crap here. You got a BSG Viper, a podracer, a Thundercougarfalconbird, a flying spike, and a antigrav Lamborghini. Each speed class has a new model vehicle, and the vehicular designs' insanity only increases proportionally with their ground speed.If you loved gems like Aerogauge and Fatal Inertia, you'll enjoy the game mechanics and physics here, and you may find powerup system to be to your liking, allowing you to configure each ship to suit your racing style.But back to how fast this game is:You will mutter ""♥♥♥♥"" under your breath as your brain attempts to comprehend how fast this game actually is. There will be times when you just give up and bounce off the walls because your thumbs cannot keep up.This is perfectly normal. Continue playing and the machine will come to you, and the speed you desire will be yours. The tracks are gorgeous and flow very nicely, and the excellent dynamic soundtrack makes every race a pleasure. It's fun to go fast. It's fun to crash. It's fun to bump and rub with the AI (when it can keep up!)This game is excellent."
,Recommended,517710,25327898,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,neems,"Absolutely badass racing game. If you like the mag racing genre, it's a no-brainer. One thing I will say is that I actually prefer it on flat screen to VR, which I wasn't expecting. I will of course be doing more 'research'."
76561198092593096,Recommended,517710,25358021,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Lavahanje,I absolutely love it. The games that inspired it are clear but Redout still manages to remain it's own intity. As I sit and wait for an F-zero that's probably likely to never come ( but who knows!) this is an amazing alternative.
,Recommended,517710,25375004,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Clockwork Dragonfly,"I haven't played a whole lot of racing games aside from Mario Kart. This was a fantastic place to start!The controls are responsive, and add a lot of depth to the game, and it looks great, just the right amount of detail as it goes flying past you at the speed of sound. This game really captures the feeling of speed that a game like this needs. I'm simply loving it so far."
,Recommended,517710,25417154,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Accel,"Finally, a new game to fill that sweet hyperspeed racing niche! My cravings for a new F-Zero have been satisfied."
,Recommended,517710,25408115,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,delsen,"I can't overstate how good this game is. Like some other reviewer mentioned, I 100% have no buyer's remorse with this game. I haven't spent $30+ on such a solid game in a long time.Anyways, on to the game. The gameplay is incredible. The sense of speed is phenomenal, especially when you get to the 4th tier. To give you an idea of how fast this game is, my highest reached speed is 1,547 mph, and it sure as hell felt like it. Redout will test your reflexes for sure.A lot of the negative reviews here complain that the ai is too hard. The ai is challenging, but if you're up for it, they get easier as you get aquainted. Mileage may vary, but I soon found the ai to be inadequate and too slow once I settled in with my favorite ship and upgrades after a couple hours of playtime. The track difficulty also ramps up at a sensible speed in the career mode.The visuals.Redout is highly styilized, and the visual design is extremely consistent. The color palette is beautiful and deliberate. The map design is crazy good for all 4 worlds, functionally and aesthetically.The game also runs very well on my Radeon HD 7950; the Unreal Engine 4 is clearly well optimized. Specifically, on highest settings I get 60+ frames until too many particle effects show up. But that can probably be chalked up to my old♥♥♥♥♥specs.Soundtrack is meh, it get's old after a while. I recommened turning off the ingame music and playing on some of your own. I recommend some edm; hitting 1,000 mph when the bass drops is exhilarating.Basically, buy this game if you like fun but enjoy rewarding challenges."
,Recommended,517710,33276016,Posted: 5 July,all,WalkieOnTheBeach,One of the best racing games i've ever plaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,517710,33753389,Posted: 23 July,all,Redtrailx,Really Really Fast.Try the Demo!!
,Recommended,517710,25366782,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Drakira,"Its been a while since I have had such a great racing experience.The Graphics , Gameplay & Difficulty is AAA quality.This is the next evolution of adrenaline packed racing action as seen in Wipepout & others.With everything maxed this game just runs at like 200 Fps with an GTX 980 and looks absolutely gorgeous.If your a fan of Wipepout / FzeroX or basically any adrenaline packed racing game its a must have.No Bugs .. no Framedrops .. just awesome !Buy it already..."
,Recommended,517710,25353058,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Esbeesy,"I usually don't leave Stream reviews , I just kind of vicariously soak up the humour or butthurt (see Goat Simulator and NMS, respectively).But this game, just wow.  My eyes are bloodshot, my hands have cramped up, my XBONE pad is about to crack and I think I might have blown out my o-ring.10/10, thanks for the high blood pressure."
76561197970338886,Recommended,517710,31487036,Posted: 1 May,all,Zitrax,If you liked wipeout you will like this.
,Recommended,517710,25356031,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Salix,"Beutiful and Brutal SpeedI'm not one for racing games, but this game has me in there! It doesn't feel like a race car without wheels, it feels like a hovercraft. It is difficult. The ""Magnetic"" powerups are a must to prevent drift unless you're good at drifting #imNoGoodAtDrifting Controller required. Worth every penny. Expect about 2-4 hours of gameplay. Great for casual play on a busy schedule.Srsy tho~ that speed makes meO-oooooooooo AAAAE-A-A-I-A-U- JO-oooooooooooo AAE-O-A-A-U-U-A- E-eee-ee-eee AAAAE-A-E-I-E-A- JO-ooo-oo-oo-oo EEEEO-A-AAA-AAAA"
,Not Recommended,517710,29618167,Posted: 31 January,all,FissionMailure,"Poor man's wipeout. Graphics and art style are nice and very unique, great sense of speed, lots of tracks (although many pf them share a similar look which can be confusing). The game just isn't as refined and as challenging as any Wipeout game. The game is just too simple to complete. It let's you hit the sides of the track with no real penalty, you just bounce off like a pinball. You get gold after gold on the first try of most tracks, even later on in the game, it's not engaging. The developers seem to compensate for this later on by throwing in really tricky blind corners and jumps that twist and throw you off the track, which just seem like a gimmick to impress you on your first play of that track. I'm left feeling unsatisfied and I await Formula Fusion hoping they do a better job.Maybe get this on a good sale, not worth the full price.Edit: I plugged in my dusty ol' PS3 with Wipeout HD/Fury and it's still the better AG racer by far. Redout is blindingly fast in comparison but HD/Fury makes me feel like it needs my complete concentration to maneuver the ship, whereas Redout only needs my concentration because of the speed, not because the racing is engaging or challenging."
,Not Recommended,517710,29754998,Posted: 6 February,all,kevspace,"I've cleared Master Mode in F-Zero GX but I could never get the hang of Wipeout's floaty physics and momentum-killing wall grinds. If you're like me, be warned: I crashed hopelessly into a difficulty wall after less than an hour, which isn't super satisfying at this asking price. It's certainly more polished than the other games like it, but if asked how to modernize this genre, I wouldn't have said ""more realistic physics."" This is a hover racing game where your floating ship can even grind against the ground, with most turns at speed demanding flawless fiddling of both triggers and every joystick axis. It's pretty, it sounds good and it runs great, but I guess I'm too old and my spare time's too precious to find this kind of frustration fun anymore."
76561198258860797,Recommended,517710,25317774,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Lambda Red System,"First off the game plays flawlessly with max settings on my computer which is something to commend nowadays for PC games (glances at No Mans Sky).The game itself is quite pretty visually and the ship designs are cool and exactly what you would expect from a futuristic racing game of this style.The gameplay is pretty fun overall so I'll just point out some things that are kind of annoying:The AI seems to rubber band worse than Mario Kart 64 (I've also beaten F-Zero GX on Very Hard so trust me on this one) and rams you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥sending you all over the track. The ships are all very wide and the tracks are comparitivley narrow.The strafing is grossly inferior to the feel of F-Zero GX and there are no techniuqes such as quick turning, shift boosting, power sliding as far as I'm aware.All the ships kind of have the same loose floaty feel to them as well and don't play significantly different to one another as say the Blue Falcon from the Black Bull or the Hyper Speeder.It's a good game; however, it's not F-Zero GX good, but I doubt even Nintendo could make that game again."
,Recommended,517710,25319179,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Stravaganza,"Great WipeOut clone with great mechanics - The VR system lacks polish.VR: The game has some not-so-great VR camera choices, one of them being that the world and 'ship' feels like it is glued to your head - moving the whole world around you, instead of just your own point of view.This makes the VR portion of the game feel like a tacked-on stretch-goal from a kickstarter campaign.Overall recommending this game, because everything else feels and looks great about it - it is just the VR that disappoints."
76561198266725730,Recommended,517710,32915048,Posted: 27 June,all,Rusty Shackleford,"As close to Wipeout as you can get on PC, 10/10!"
76561197960466072,Recommended,517710,32748925,Posted: 24 June,all,Kette,"If you are looking for a real good Wipeout alternative, here you go! It easily holds up to the genre  top class. Audiovisually a total blast! Gameplay & controls feel perfect."
,Recommended,517710,33091938,Posted: 1 July,all,Based_Ganja,"This is the type of game that is miles better once you get your hands on it. The sense of speed is AMAZING, the driving mechanics AMAZING, Soundtrack AMAZING , DLC AMAZING, IT EVEN HAS SPLIT SCREEEN!!! WHO IS EVEN DOING THAT THESE DAYS!!. THe only thing that is not amazing is the community, or lack there of i should say. Its hard to find online matches cuz only about 100 people play this game which is a DAMN Shame because this game is really good. That's not a huge letdown because the normal A.I is actually pretty difficult. No matter who you are, you will hear the announcer's condecending voice when she says, ""Silllvur medal awarded *meh"" and you will cream your pants when she says"" GOLD medal awarded.This is a must buy on sale for fans of f-zero games and even just racing games in general cuz its kind of sim-like since you have to brake for turns like a pro.Overall i think this is one of thebest hidden gems on sale RN. If you are even curious about this game you should just download the DEMO i bet you will like it like me ^_^"
,Recommended,517710,33055319,Posted: 30 June,all,game-bell™,"VERY GOOD if you want something like f-zero rather than wipeoutVERY FAST if you enjoy supa fast gaming and dont have a seizure. it is fast. really fast like space ship colorful hyperdrive jump fastVERY TENSE  because no comeback mechanicPRETTY CUSTOMIZABLE with variety of vehicle, powerups, passive and active, complement to ur drivestylePRETTY PRETTY like really colorfull rainbow dreamland hypersonic gotta be fast thingy. acid in rollercoasterPRETTY DEEP with strafe and elevation, braking to drift or grip cornering, boost managementBAD AI on veteran and redout level. on redout level AI tend to collide with each other but thats it. on veteran AI just perfect. the way to beat it just to powerup and perfect run. on rookie level ai just.....trash, cant cornering, crash land, collision.BLAND UI like really bland, grey background with white letter. REALLY??THATS ALL YOU GOT? minimalistic ui is actually good in fast gameplay like this for no distraction. but in menu ??damn its bland.so is it good?? YES for gameplay and music, NO for ai and menu uii like f-zero. this is more like f-zero on steroid acid rollercoaster with tipsybit of defensive combat system."
,Recommended,517710,32707797,Posted: 23 June,all,Neomania,"A solid racing game that feels amazingly fast, and runs equally well given how beautiful it looks! Definitely deserves attention, especially when it's on sale!Edit after playing online multiplayer: From a first experience, the community's great! The difficult and skill-based nature of the game encourages good sportsmanship, and the people I played with were happy to swap to weaker ships to encourage new players."
,Recommended,517710,33385468,Posted: 8 July,all,OOPMan,"If you need to buy one racing game, then make it RedOut."
,Recommended,517710,25353721,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,TheJML,i've played like half an hur of this game and it nails the speed feeling. Really cool. Not a fan of the art style but gameplay over aesthetics!
,Recommended,517710,25329465,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Mr Jammin,"I've been a big fan of anti-gravity racing for 20 years now. The original Wipeout blew me away, F-Zero X gave a new meaning to speed, Extreme G broke the sound barrier, and everything since has been largely disappointing ever since, except maybe Repulze on Android. I recently dug out my Gamecube and have been playing F-Zero GX and XG3...And then I discovered Redout. I eagerly awaited it arriving on Steam and bought it the minute it appeared. It was as good as I hoped for.The sense of speed is incredible. Nothing in recent years has conveyed anything close to the classic games but this absolutely nails it. Screenshots do not do this game justice. The graphics are absolutely amazing in movement. The sound is spot on, exactly what I was hoping for. Wipeout got it exactly right with the soundtrack (Chemical Brothers etc) and Redout has a modern adrenaline pumping soundtrack that fits the speed perfectly.However, I discovered something problematic to me. I am not a hardcore gamer, in that I don't have countless hours to invest in a game, and I found that a couple of hours into Redout I got seriously stuck in the final few Class 2 races. I couldn't even come close to getting a medal, and not having the time to invest in the game means it went from fun to frustrating. I ended up reluctantly asking for a refund as I just couldnt see myself playing the game again if I could never get past those races. I would still recommend the game wholeheartedly, however in my circumstances I ended up disappointed."
,Recommended,517710,25768439,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Harpotos,"If you're the type of mad ℃unt who yells ""let's speed up"" at your ship's A.I. when it says you've only got 5% hull left, then this is your type of game."
76561198009054939,Recommended,517710,33756502,Posted: 23 July,all,Incarnate Inc.,"This is my first racing game, and maybe because it was made by racing game fans for racing game fans, there were a few things that I had trouble finding when starting off.  I didn't realize that you could: Change the color of your ship (crucial to aesthetic victory), upgrade active and passive upgrades (better swappable upgrades), buy ship-based upgrades (better ships by default), or most importantly, display health and boost status while in 3rd person view (there's a menu option that has to be manually turned on).  I still don't know optimal boost mechanics and the convex pipes introduced in the Mars DLC are impossible to figure out. A controller is basically required to be successful.That said, this has been one of the best purchases I've made.  The community is small but good, and the maps are exhilerating and challenging.  Going for gold or platinum on all of the maps is not at all easy.  It's fast.  Really fast.  I'd forgotten what it was like to get an adrenaline spike from a video game.  Redout did it for me. I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,517710,25438113,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Alendrik,"Although i had no previous experience with F-zero or Wipeout I still LOVED this game. The only downside to this game is how it lacks a tutorial but after messing around a bit you start to learn new tricks. Overall its just a fascinating game. recoommend 100%Edit: After putting some more time into the game is still love it. They(devs) are constantly adding new features and bug fixes to the game to continue its climb to the top. As of now, this is possibly my favorite racing game of all time and in my top 10 of favorite games overall. its a great exhilirating experience that pushes you to your limits.*Note* when you begin to look at harder levels it will be frustrating. Especially once you get Europa (and Neptune from what ive heard). and it can be visually tiring at times for extended periods of time."
,Recommended,517710,25348325,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,GomGom,"As an early fan of wipeout 2097 I can say : GREAT GAME.Fast, tough, run as smooth as my brain can handle, great gameplay, very satisfying and rewarding, amazing tracks, mezmerising soundtrack (you're naighbors are gonna hate it) and, and... yeah. Great game. Did I mention how FAST It is?What cons can I find... Humm ah! : Online, you have to go through a lot of the career mode before adventuring online... You'll need class 4 ships (the fastest ones) to compete against the others because ther is no matchmaking whatsoever... DUMB. The developpers could have simply forced us to choose a class before playing or set the class for every one according to the highest class available for the less experienced pilote? Oh and yeah, go through the career mode to make money. You won't get money online as your dad says.I'm not that huge fan of the ""Alaska"" tracks which are messy in my opinion but I guess some might find them funAnd finally : 4 envireonnment with 4 or 5 tracks, hummm... might have been more. But quality definetly primes over quantity here and I respect that choice. Oh, and there's only 5 diferent ships with 4 ""speed"" called classes. The higher the class the faster it goes. So that's technically 20 ships but only 5 different gamplays in the end. But I'm just stating the facts here because in the end, that's all you need. These are 5 fundamentaly distinct gameplays, different enough so you'll always find a ship faster or better suited for the event that may let you get that hidden reward if your worthy...That's a solid 7/10 for me. 8 or 9 if they fix the online matchmaking, 10 if future updates comes to widen the choice of Tracks/Ships or simply content."
,Recommended,517710,29998926,Posted: 17 February,all,Enigma Solovar,"A Love Letter to Futuristic High Speed Enthusiasts in Racing game formThe game is good at giving you a ""slow start""But the learning curve can be quite toughIf it's ""gotta go fast"" and there have to be cars that float in the air, here is your winner.This game start inIT'S ""slow gear"", but when you go this fast, you kind of end up being happy that the top speeds this game can take, isn't what you have when you started.Because it really helps you prepare for the almost brain mashingly fast you'll be going later.The feeling of Speed this game give off is damn awesome.Super Tight Turns, in it's later gameThis might Turn you off, this might Turn you on, depending on what kind of switch or button input you haveThis game have damn tight turns sometimes and I do feel that a player, new to this kind of speed game, might feel like some of the turns in the later game are a little unfair... but for aFuturistic High Speed Enthusiast such as my selfI feel it was what I kind of expected...So you better be damn ready and figure out how to make tight turns damn happen! Right the damn nowThe feeling of turning right while strafing left, while inside a in a right going almost 180 degree turn and then hitting the boost forMAXIMUM SPEED OUT OF THE TURN, is so danm awesome!Power Up's, two of a kind: Passive and Active!Jus' Find a combo you like mmmmkay?Not much to say about the power up's other then that.Some power up's works better for something's then others, just read them all and find what you like or what you need.The Competition: Other Options for games like this?Looking at Anti-Gravity Racers...There was another game like this on Steam... it's been a long time since I had any play time in it and seemingly I can't seem to find it any more, but then again, I do also remember it as just a discount cardboard cutout of F-zero GX, a Anti-Gravity Racer game on Nintendo's GameCube from forever ago.In my opinion the only real modern Competition to Redout isn't even on PC... it's a game called Fast Racing Neo... on the Wii U... and after that it is it's predecessor Fast Racing on the Wii... who potentially both will be moving down a spot to make place for Fast Racing's 3rd instalment... FAST RMX for Nintendo Switch.........Damn... that makes me feel like 34BigThings have cornered a niche market for Anti-Gravity Racers on PC... that's damn smart actually.Conclusion:I really like this game... I see a decent amount of good and or decent racing games on Steam...The games learning curve might be hard for some to crack, but I personally didn't find it too be too difficult.But to find an Anti-Gravity Racer, that is current ""gen"" and as good as this, you have to look outside PC.The BEST: Anti-Gravity Racer on PCTENTout ofFLOOR: Will Drive Agent!"
,Recommended,517710,33134009,Posted: 2 July,all,Sabrewylf,"Great game. You get exactly what you see in the trailers, none of that is rendered.The game is what old school fans of F-Zero and its ilk have always wanted, a few times over.Don't expect to find an online match by just hopping on, but there's a small, passionate community over at the official Discord who are always down to race."
,Recommended,517710,25693662,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Rukumouru,"Everything good about F-Zero and WipEout in one package. And unlike many pretenders, this one handles like a dream. And THAT is what's really important. What most other games don't quite get right, this one absolutely nails.Looks and sounds amazing too, which is always a plus!"
,Recommended,517710,32688035,Posted: 23 June,all,Killzone729,"I will make this as short and sweet as I can. Seen this game on sale this morning (Note: it is worth the full price) and immediately liked what I saw for both gameplay and reviews. Just 10 minutes into playing I knew I made the right choice in purchasing. So much so that without being far into the game I already purchased the DLC tracks.The game is very much like F-Zero, Wipeout and any other futuristic racing game you could think of. If you are in the market for something fast and fun then this is perfect.Controls are great. With a controller the right stick allows you to strafe to help with keeping out of the wall for fast turns and you can tilt back to bring your nose up for steep inclines to prevent ""bottoming out"". Very nice feature that adds to mastering the tracks.Pros:-Great Camera Options-Fast and fun (Easy to play, hard to master)-Great track designs and color themes for each location-5 Base locations with 5 tracks in each (25 tracks) (2 DLC locations for 10 more tracks)-7 teams/vehicles with design and color options from the start, upgradable (at least 1 team is DLC)-Each team has 4 class of vehicle-Active/Passive abilities (1 of each during a race, also upgradable)-Different types of events i.e. Race, Time Trial, Last Man Standing... ""Pure"" events with no Active/Passive-Plenty of replayabilityCons:The ONLY Con that I have at this time is that there is no Tournament in Quick Race with you and the AI... I enjoyed the first tournament in the Story and would love to make a huge tournament with all the tracks and a full field of 12. Hopefully this gets added as an option later.There are multiple modes including Story, Quick Race, Splitscreen, Online (Public/Private but seems to only have 2 modes at the moment) and a full leaderboard for each track and class of vehicle. The leaderboards inform you of what vehicle/active/passive and upgrades other individuals have if you are looking to shave off time.This was supposed to be a quick review but I wanted to be informative and helpful as well. I am sure I've covered the most important stuff at this time so I will leave it here.10/10 Best futuristic racer I have played since F-Zero GP Legend. (Over 10 years ago for reference)"
,Recommended,517710,25354772,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Arcanous,"Probably the best anti-gravity racer of all time. With great physics and feeling of speed, delivers an awesome experience. What's more, you can enjoy nice visuals with a flawless performance; I've yet to experience a single framerate drop. Haven't tried out the VR aspect of the game tho, as I lack the hardware needed. Gamepad is highly recommended."
,Recommended,517710,25400728,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Sky Captain,I love WipeOut HD and this Redout nailed every aspect of it.And it's faster!
76561198031560299,Recommended,517710,25336296,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,shawz0311,"Man, this plus Formula Fusion on Steam,... AG is back baby, two thumbs up!"
76561197998127483,Recommended,517710,25704796,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ditto,it's like an o r g a s m that never ends
76561198062289502,Recommended,517710,25808714,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,technomagie,"Ein würdiger Nachfolger von Wipeout. Sensationell wie das Gameplay ist, die Grafik ein wahrer Augenschmaus, die Geschwindigkeit der Hammer und es ist einiges an Skills von nöten um mit Gold abzuschliessen. Bin begeistert!!!!Don't break! Seriously the track design is crazy, to get to top you need skill and boy is it fast! This is exciting and breathtaking.If you want a fast race game, this is it. I dare say the best hi-speed racer so far, beats Wipeout!!!The dlc's are fantastic, awesome work, ideas and race designs, lovely done which increases the joy and pleasure playing Redout."
76561197989523271,Recommended,517710,25313575,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,RypeL,"Finally a good AG racer on PC. Fun racing, great graphics and very good sense of speed."
76561198167804429,Recommended,517710,25314004,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,OXENFORD,"So far, and I say this very cautiously, might be better than wipeout."
,Recommended,517710,25314498,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,TheRealTNT,"Just a quick review giving my first impression having only a little game time.  For me it is a great game so far.  The graphics are great and run smoothly, the controls are good, the music is good - just about everything is good.  It kinda reminds me of the classic Star Wars pod racer game, but it is a lot better !  It's sort of a mix of Wipeout and other games of that type, and I am initially very impressed with it.  I'll be playing it a lot more and so far recommend it to people who like this sort of game."
,Recommended,517710,25314658,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,[AV] Ring of Tequila,"Absolutely insane sensation of speed, great pounding soundtrack and wide variety of vehicles. Everything you need for the perfect speed junkie game."
76561197962076591,Recommended,517710,25318087,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Iron Wolf,"Played a few hours of it, and my thoughts are: Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing good.More or less, if youre a fan of F-Zero and games similar, then this game will do it for you. Fast paced, interesting tracks, and the soundstrack is quite possibly some of the coolest♥♥♥♥♥♥Ive heard in a while. Seriously, if the soundtrack was on sale, Id buy it. But the feel and play of this game is pretty solid, enough to keep me entertained and trying tracks over and over again just to get gold medals or figure out the courses. Its pretty satisfying. And visually its pretty damn cool to look at. Even if you spend most of the time pretty much tunnel visioning on the track, there are some cooler visuals here and there thatll still catch your eye.The upgrades and different ship types give a bit more customization for each race. There are six or so, and the game gives you one for free, but you have to purchase the others with in game currency you get from winning races and time trial events. Upgraded versions of the cars with better stats are more expensive and require a 'racer' level. But if youre really trying to get those golds, youll generate more than enough cash and level to get them when needed. As for differences between the cars, you'll probably gravitate to 2 of them from the get go due to a nice balance of stats and etc. Though (as of yet for me) Ive not yet figured out where some models would even be used due to having very extreme stats in weird places. Also, You cant win every race with just your favorite car, however. Youre going to have to swap models and mods if youre looking for gold medals, because some cars handle certain tracks and events better than others. Which is fine. Means you gotta get used to a whole group of them and get some sound judgement when needed, which adds to the depth of the game a small bit.The tracks themselves are fairly diverse in layout, with some fairly complicated ones you get pretty early on. Theyre all well designed so that you can definitely race on them and do well enough, but if youre looking for first place or gold or better medals and what not, youre going to have to practice them a bit to get the feel of them and make sure you dont collide with walls or the ground. The difficulty to me feels tuned just right, never stupid hard, but hard enough to keep you trying.I think the AI is probably the only thing Im currently a bit put off by. Dont get me wrong, I like the AI. It definitely gives a challenge (atleast for me), but man they can pull some comebacks right out of their asses at times. Still, its not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly broken, but to me it does seem they adjust a small bit to how well youre doing.Another issue is, maybe its just me but, they dont seem to give you much explaination of how certain game mechanics operate, other than in some pointers between load screen. If youre super familiar with racing games similar to this, I doubt you will have any issues figuring out controls and getting through things quickly. But for someone a bit more casual, certain things are going to seem hard to understand, like pitching up or down on ramps or loops so you maintain speeds. A bit of trial and error though will get you through most of it, however. So as long as youre paying attention, youll figure it out.One last tidbit here, before I forget. A controller is recommended. You could do this with a keyboard, but its awkward. An xbox360 controller is what Im currently using, and it works pretty damn well. So just keep that in mind.Overall, this is a pretty damn solid game. Im really impressed."
,Recommended,517710,25311796,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Xippilli,"Redout is the HTC Vive experience I've been looking for. The only thing that could possibly make this gam better are things it doesn't even need. Proper joystick/throttle/footpad support, custom soundtracks, and Workshop racetracks would make me sink hundreds of hours into this already brillaint masterpiece, and guarantees I'll outright buy copies for my friends."
,Recommended,517710,25334444,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Slauce,Thinking of fast
76561198066395927,Recommended,517710,29277853,Posted: 15 January,all,Icarus,"It's hard to find true gems nowadays and Redout is one of them! Btw, if you will release Redout on GOG some day, I would buy instantly this game again! :D And soundtrack is awesome!"
,Recommended,517710,29370732,Posted: 19 January,all,Dick Kickem,Worth every cent!Let me start off about the sense of speed in this game holy crap!I tried running this at lower graphics settings to see if it was some mumbo jumbo via post processing effects but now it somehow has an even better sense of speed with motion blur turned down or off!Not going to lie i didn't have much in mind for expectation for a game that Claims to be a tribute to f-zero  but it nailed it!pros: Amazing sense of speed!Great visuals even at lower quality it still looks nice!Controls are super tight!Music is amazing love the cairo themes!Cons: Ship Control learning curve is tough at first but once you figure it out it almost comes second nature.Skill tree for power ups are a bit odd (felt myself wondering if i had things equipped or not)Conclusion: Get this game you won't regret it!
,Recommended,517710,25359464,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Kyoto-Moto,"As one of the best Wipeout HD players I can recommend this if you miss the days of Wipeout and the such. The handling methods aren't as good for aggressive steering and the such as it feels a lot more floaty/drifty (I think that's what they were trying to go for), but it still feels super good, runs super smooth and looks super good.9/10"
76561197993187133,Recommended,517710,32346703,Posted: 11 June,all,pigofwar,"Great gameplay, great visuals and soudtrack. Highly recommended for future racer fans."
76561198047170676,Recommended,517710,25373933,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Chronarch,"If you played wipe out, this is what you have been wainting for. I can believe it took so long. Supprisingly polished too."
,Recommended,517710,33572118,Posted: 15 July,all,pistatic,"Ever got that feeling in games when you thought""Holy $#!t, I don't even know what's going on, but this is AWESOME!""This game has it.And after you master the controls of your ship, it'll feel even more awesome."
76561197998739025,Recommended,517710,29788311,Posted: 8 February,all,SeEnCreaTive,"Yes I recommend this game BUT, very big but. Im only giving it a thumbs up, becuase A: My god it feels good, and B: they seem to be updating it. So hopefully some of the issues are fixed eventually.Pros:-There is no better feeling AG racer out there. Seriously that good. Basically the sole reason for the positive instead of negitive review-While the art style isn't my thing, they nailed it. Graphics are great-Diverse tracks-They took AG racing into the next gen-Powerups are simplistic, making the focus on flying. Which I like this approch much better-The pitch mechanic is fantastic.-Skill ceiling is rather high. There is a VERY fine line of balancing speed, and slide in a corner.Cons:-AI, elasticband-y, VERY inconsistant, do things that make 0 sense. You're going 1250km/h in a class 2? (close to absolute max speed) How about an AI wizzing by, so fast, they not only get ahead, but SERIOUSLY far ahead. So far in fact you can't see them, and you WILL NOT catch up. Some races Im so far ahead its rediculous, but if I restart, fly even better, there's nothing I can do to catch up Im so far behind-There are times where I get lightly tapped out of no where in a ""tough"" ship, and go for a spin for no reason.-Walls don't slow down nearly enough. Many many corners its best to hit the wall.-Power ups don't give specific numbers. I have 0 idea if some of them even have an effect, or to how much. I BARLEY notice a difference with the energy drain. EMP says it freezes energy pools, but all I see is it slows them down?-Menu lags some times, sub-30 fps.-Balance issues, ""Max speed"" stat on ships makes very little difference, a 50-100km/h difference from the fastest and slowest ships, making acceleration a much bigger deciding factor. In fact I hit the highest speeds with the ship with the best energy, which has one of the lowest top speeds.-Translation issues. One contract says ""Get a metal using xxx ship"". So I got a metal.... Got the reward, next contract says ""Get a metal"" So I get a metal, Turns out I needed gold, failed the contract and fined. Few little awkward english sentences here and there, I can't remeber off the top of my head, not a big deal.-New Europa tracks, maybe its becuase I haven't played them much, but either the camera doesn't deal with tunnels well, or something to do with the phyics, but flying in tunnels is the worst. The Europa tracks are brutal.-Drafting, there's a power up that says something along the lines of ""Improves slipsteam abilites""... I dont see ANY slipstreaming at all to begin with... No matter how straight the track, and how perfectly I am behind the racer, 0 speed increase-Ship to ship collisions are awkward and inconsistant.That's all I have for now, Ill update it when I think of more. But yes that's a lot of cons. Yes I still reccomend it. Maybe not at full price though. I have hopes that they will fix it."
,Recommended,517710,25420408,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Rox,"The description doesn't lie. Redout manages to be a near perfect blend between Wipeout and F-Zero, with some clear inspirations and homages to other, classic futuristic racers of yore. There's even a pod racer in there...So how does it fare? In short, amazingly. If that's all you wanted to hear, you can stop reading this review now. If you're into specifics, then read on:Redout captures the same sense of speed that got me hooked on F-Zero and Burnout, integrates futuristic looking environments into the intricate circuits just like I remember from Wipeout, and controls just as sharply as you could ask, with a slightly innovative use of the right stick (with the default control scheme anyway) to strafe and pitch. Controls that may feel familiar to you if you're a long time fan of the futuristic hovercraft style of racing game, even in their new execution. The method of strafing to the inside of turns to regain traction, or the outside to extend a drift, felt close enough to how I used to play F-Zero GX that I'm sure some of my old skill carried over, although the added importance of pitching up and down in steep slopes, to avoid blackouts and redouts and preserve momentum, introduced enough additional finesse to keep me challenged from the get go.There's also a small set of powerups that you can unlock and choose from between races. These are unintrusive enough to not get in the way of a ""pure"" racer like myself, preferring the weaponless likes of F-Zero over more combat oriented racers, but perhaps still offering enough to keep you interested if you really did like messing people over in Wipeout. None of them are downright weapons, though; Your most offensive tools consist of an arc that drains a nearby opponent's boost meter and adds to your own, and an area EMP blast that freezes your opponents' energy pool for a second to give you an advantage when clustered up.As for content, I just unlocked the class IV events in the career, so I'm most of the way through the game's single player mode, but even having gone through oodles of different races with a surprising amount of variation in game modes (without any that feel unnecessarily gimmicky, fortunately), I'm still tempted to go back and clean up those silver and bronze medals the game taunts me with whenever I open the event list. Even though the career is divided into classes, limiting which class of ship you can use, you're free to hop back and forth between old and new events or even win the same one over and over if you really feel like you need to grind for cash to get that one upgrade you're missing, or buy another higher class ship before you take on the new division. I can't speak for the multiplayer as I've not yet tried it, and I don't put as much importance on that as I do single player content, anyway. What I've gotten so far has been more than enough to justify the price tag.Redout scores high marks on aesthetics, as well. The lush and conceptually quite detailed environments and ships carry a charmingly hard-edged, polygon shaded look that gives the game an almost retro feel, but the crisp, high-detail tracks and special effects, fueled by Unreal Engine 4, remind you that you're very much playing a modern game on a modern machine. My GTX 980 has no problem keeping a steady 60+ fps on max settings no matter how intense the action gets, probably in large part thanks to the deliberately low-fi models.The music fares well, too. Though I have yet to come across any single song that really sticks with me, there's no doubt the smooth trance soundtrack helps carry the experience in the same way as the simple-but-interesting visual design, keeping the pace going without getting in the way. I'd like to give the soundtrack a listen, if there were any way to do so outside of the game.All in all... God, where'd this game come from? Why is it so good? I'd ask why it even took so long for this to finally happen, after so many near misses over the years since the GameCube went out of style, but it's become increasingly apparent that it simply takes a heck of a lot of skill, talent and passion to make a game play as well as this. So good on the developers for pulling it off. If there's ever talk of an expansion or a sequel, I'm already on board! Especially if there'd be more of the lovely little tricks this game pulls, like how some of the tracks have teleporters that allow them to connect back up with themselves without tediously looping back around, letting you get to the exciting part quicker, over and over again. Or how the ""boss"" variation of the tracks take all of the circuits from any given environment and link them ALL together, nigh-seamlessly, via those teleporters, to create a gigantic, never-repeating endurance run through the entire area all in one race...I find it hard to stop typing about Redout, which I suppose makes the bottom line: I recommend this to anyone who likes ridiculous speeds. If you've ever enjoyed Wipeout, F-Zero, that Star Wars pod racing thing, Extreme G or anything like that, you probably owe it to yourself to give Redout a shot."
,Recommended,517710,25908755,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,J-Billions,This is hands down one of hte best racers on VR! This is a must have for anyone who likes racing. It has deep replay value as well.
76561197975297552,Recommended,517710,25421275,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,FISTSofChowMein,A fully finished VR game that isn't EVE:Valkyrie or Lucky's Tale. Play. Smile. Try to blink between rounds.
,Recommended,517710,31713066,Posted: 12 May,all,0Blueaura,very well done game with exceptional soundtrack. love to the devs who keeps it alive with new dlc just released. good luck for the future!
,Recommended,517710,25414189,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Sculelos,"Fast/Technical/Beautiful. Truly a next-gen, hovercraft racing experience."
76561197993754794,Recommended,517710,25390418,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,MRKILL,"For those who loved F-Zero, this is a great game. It's the only other game I've played to match F-Zero for speed and delivers a visually stunning experience with a great soundtrack."
76561198041329274,Recommended,517710,25417883,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Le´N3rd,"This Game is a blast. This might be my favorite racing game at the moment and i played around 1000 hours of Trackmania. I higly recommend this game for anyone who enjoys extremly fast paced racing games.Positives:- The feeling of Speed is absolutly perfect. I have never played a faster yet controllable racer in my life- The Graphics are amazing. Not over the top yet colorfull and flashy.- The Controll over your Racer is incredible. ( You do need a controller though, without it this might suck since you need both analog sticks.) At first you will crash into every wall but when you realize that you absolutly have to utilize the second controll stick you dont need the brake at all.Negatives:- No lokal COOP. Its sad that this simple feature is missing. There is online play, though with a small playerbase- The AI is godlike in the early levels and way too easy in the later levels. This might be the biggest downside of the game. The first levels are simply hardly beatable in a satisfiing manner and when you get further into the game the AI seems to fall appart a little. They just cant take the curves as well as a human beeing could. This needs adressing especially since the multiplayerbase is so small.In conclusion this is the fastest racing game i have ever played and remindet me a lot about StarWars Episode I Racer. I cannot compare it to Wipeout since i have never played it. If you like fast racing games with a high skill ceiling this is the game for you. 8/10"
,Recommended,517710,25346943,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Akio Mitsuko,"It's high time we got a real Wipeout-equivalent game for PC. There have been some wanna-bes but Redout is the real deal. Highspeed racing, beautiful and huge tracks, great sense of speed while playing, online multiplayer and a lot of ships to pick from!Beware though, it's much faster and therefore much more difficult than any Wipeout you have played!"
,Recommended,517710,25418953,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Musouka,"This AG Racer is laser focused on 2 things:1) A brutal sense of speed: Never since the last dozen or so races in Need for Speed: Underground 2 has a game reminded me that I can, in fact, stop breathing and blinking for 2 and a half minutes without even noticing it.2) Giving you complete control over your ship: The ships hover without ground traction (so consider that or say hello to the wall), slopes will make you lose speed (so tip the tip of your ship downwards as you go down) and inside loops will grind the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of your ship against the track (so tip your ship up). It's so nerve wrecking it should earn this game the tag of Survival Horror.So pretty much is like driving (a Ferrari at full speed without brakes) on (very hard) drugs. I imagine."
,Recommended,517710,25414255,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,StoomPowered,Buy this game. It will enrich your life.
,Recommended,517710,25319163,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jūbei ☕,"I changed the status of this review from negative to positive.VR support weighs heavy on the price tag, because while you don't even have VR, you will be buying that version as well. The graphics aren't luxurious: flat polygons and a few background models with small environmental effects like a dust storm on the track that shortens your view distance. The light scattering is wrong in complex background architecture and the textures are pixelated. (You are supposed to drive past this stuff at immense speed, not look at it in detail like I did. You won't notice some of the graphical flaws in general gameplay, but it still doesn't justify a raising of the price tag while the pricing decision was made.) The content size (20 maps and multiplayer) is fine. However, overall its more like a 20€ game, not a 30€ one.Also not to mention are very little bugs and localization errors.The AI of the bots is very bad to race against and not fun to compete with. Its rubberbanding mechanic is getting denounced by many other players on the community board. No matter how many turbo boost you may use: at the end of a round you may still come out 3rd. There is no skill that makes you win in the career mode. Your place is decided by how much the AI  f#!%s with you. A gamble, if you will.Scratch that, the Bots are fine!I was taking another look at it and most of the whining on the community boards is coming from users not upgrading the correct power ups. Once I was getting a nice hint by a friendly fellow which power ups he uses and recommends I had no problems with the Bots at all and they just vanished behind me. If you encounter a feeling of Bots rubberbanding or adapting to your speed every freaking time: Try the magnetic grip and accel power ups. AND do not forget to upgrade those. Enjoy your lightspeed podracer.This game can be played with keyboard and it doesn't feel disadvantagious. Though, I suppose playing with a controller would increase immersiveness.Do I recommend this game? Yes. I do! Its fun! You can wait for a discount of about 10€. The pricing decision is just a bit decieving at this moment."
76561198077484968,Recommended,517710,25412372,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,gotta go fast
,Recommended,517710,25472471,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Drake Iddon,"TL:DR: this game rly gud, get itInitially i refunded this game due to the annoying spinout mechanic, however after realising that:1. there is indeed strafe and pitch in the game2. having SLI on for some reason disabled half my controller inputsI picked it back up with full contollsThis is eerily close to wipeout 2097s handling, but outstrips it in the racing focus and track design instead of being combat focusedThe sound track doesnt let it down, volcano I sound track is easily my favourite but the others arnt far behindup until this point, Tech De Ra had been my favourite track out of any AG racing title ever since its addition in wipeout pulse, but its 9 year reign is now at an end and has been replaced with the redout campaigns final track of its final tournament, the Ultimate SRRL Endurance volcano boss track, just over 4 unrelenting minutes (per lap) of fast twists, sharp undulating turns, blinding loops, drops, obscured hazards and jumps, taking you from the surface deep into the depths of the volcano, to the ocean it neighbours and back again was the most fun i've had in an AG game for a long long timeI never write reviews for games, but this game is worth it, along with every penny it costs"
,Recommended,517710,25353335,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Glyph,Top tier music.Top tier visuals.Top tier maps.Top tier ships.Adrenaline.
,Recommended,517710,30807247,Posted: 28 March,all,Wolfıe,"Disclaimer: Redout was my first AG racing game. I can't say how it compares with Formula Fusion or Wipeout 2048, this review is entirely based on my experience of the game as a newcomer to the genre.Verdict: 8.2/10.Review machine: Intel i7 6700K, Asus GTX1080 Strix OC, 16Gb of RAM. Asus 2560X1440 144Hz Gsync monitor, game running at 2560X1440 and 120Hz. I spent my full playtime using an Xbox One ""Elite"" Controller.Flaws:>Controller Reliant. It's absolutely reliant on a gamepad of some kind, without two analogue sticks the control scheme and driving physics fall apart. I can understand that this partially a limit of the genre itself, but I still have to strip half a point in penalty. A PC game should work on PCs, without 3rd-party devices. Buyer beware.>Flat SFX. Given how good the music is, I was quite disappointed with the ship, ambient and powerup audio. It's not exactly bad, it's just really flat and not interesting. Redout's audio focuses entirely on music, it works, but it's a little disappointing in a racing game.>Occassionally counter-intuitive track design. Most of the tracks are absolutely on-point, but a couple have killer corners that take lots of trial and error to get right. The worst offender is Spinning Pipe, which I still haven't managed to get my head around.Strengths:>Very easy to learn.... Redout is surprisingly intuitive, I came in having never played an AG racer before and within an hour I felt fully comfortable. The twin-stick control layout feels really intuitive. I can strongly recommend this as a casual game.>...but surprisingly hard to master. Although it's easy to learn, the skill ceiling is set very high and the game offers a satisfying challenge. The AI is competant and can usually keep up, some of the bonus challenges and fiendish and the track design always keeps you on your toes. It never feels dumbed-down or casual, the Class IV ships are downright terrifying on technical tracks.>Well balanced. That balance continues to the ships themselves. Each model has a unique playstyle, and yet they all feel about equal. I tested all of them around a control Time Trial, and they all lapped within a few tenths, across all four classes.>Great track design. I can't imagine creating tracks for ships this fast was easy, but Redout nails it. With the exception of Spinning Pipe I've enjoy just about every track. I particularly loved the Egyptian courses, they're fast and open with some classic corners and long straights.>It's crazy reliable. During my play of the game I encountered a grand total of one crash, and didn't notice any serious bugs. I didn't test optimisation, but given it ran flawless and loaded almost instantly on my PC I'd assume it's relatively good."
76561198048124132,Recommended,517710,27462696,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Cibra Malus,There are hover-cars.They go fast.10/10
,Recommended,517710,30370636,Posted: 7 March,all,Mithril,"Like wipeOut? Missing that Sony gave up the best speedgame in the world? Have no fear.. Redout is here to help!. If you love wipeOut, you owe it to yourself to have this in your collection."
,Recommended,517710,25437292,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Mogul,"Would like to start off by saying I have been asking for a AG game to come onto to the PC for years ever since I got into WipEout back then as a kid, but on this day my answer was finally answered with Redout. Deinfetely one of the most enjoyable, beautiful, and fun modern AG game that I have ever played. If you like highly aggresive and punishable races similar to games like FZero and the WipEout series, then this game is most certainly for you. Just don't expect this game to hold your hand as it can be pretty much be deemed as hardcore racing. I also do like to add that this game also has a really superb soundtrack just for the cherry on top!My only major complaint at the moment is that there is no borderless window feature or the option to change window size at all, but that can easily be patched in a future update if the developers so choose. (I'm just a bit nit picky with these features if I don't see them.)In conclusion, welcome to the family, Redout!"
,Recommended,517710,30699364,Posted: 23 March,all,Maugan,"A masterful example of racing in its' purest and rawest form.  It walks a very fine line between challengingly enjoyable and frustratingly sadistic.  The minimal graphics are beautifully presented and suit the setting of a post-apocalyptic Earth.  Ship and track design are where this game truly shines, with each team being unique, and each track offering its' own unique challenges to overcome.  Control system does offer something a little different to the AG racing genre, and mastery of this will only increase your enjoyment of this game.  But be warned, with a very steep learning curve, this is definitely not a racing game for beginners.  This is not a game you dabble in like a dilettante, you either to commit to the premise that Redout puts forth, or you don't.  You are either in or out.Strap yourself in then....you're going for a ride.Before I continue, I want to make one point abundantly clear.  This game IS NOT for beginners.  If this is your first time playing an anti-grav racing title, believe me when I say, you WILL need to try a different game first.  In this case, I recommend any of the WipEout games or F-Zero, on an appropriate emulator or console, if you can track one down.  The reason I suggest this is that these titles, while having similar, albeit basic physics, will prepare you to play this game, because of their shallower learning curves.  If you consider yourself a ""gamer"" because you play games on your mobile phone, or bought a console because gaming is ""cool"", you need to go back to playing Candy Crush or Farmville.  The rest of this review DOES NOT concern you.Redout is an AG racing game for hardened veterans, or racers looking for a good challenge.  Posers and dilettantes need not apply.  In fact this game does not even want you if you are anything representing a ""fake"" gamer.  For me this game embraces the hardcore, hardened gaming veteran.  It welcomes you with open arms, before bending you over and spanking you repeatedly with the paddle, and somehow making you want more.  For me, Redout wants the hardcore gaming community onboard.  Which is a refreshing change, given that so many titles these days are dumbed down to appeal to a broader fanbase and drive sales.To channel Jeremy Clarkson, this game is like trying to shave your testicles with a chainsaw while an axe-wielding psychopath is trying to get through the bathroom door with an axe.  And yet for some crazy reason, I don't care!Getting to the point, mastery of this of this game is not measured in metres, but in microns.  While the basics of the controls of this game are similar to most racing games (accelerator, brakes, and steering), mastery of this game will comes from mastering strafing and pitch of your ship.  While it's a small innovation; doing away with left and right airbrakes like in WipEout and Formula Fusion, and replacing it with left and right strafing, and pitching up and down, on the right stick of your controller; it is inspired.  Essentially strafe and pitch are for me minor adjustments, with more standard controls handling the big stuff.  Balance and master these things and you are well on your way to consistenly winning gold medals and winning races.Put simply you will need to master the controls, master your ship, master the tracks, and even master yourself to get the most out of this game.  If you can, you are in for the ride of your life.  Even if you, like me, can't quite do those things (I'm a little too old for a racer such as this), but have the patience and perseverence, and willingness to respect this game for exactly what it is you will be rewarded with a racing experience that is sublime, almost transcendent.Has racing nirvana been achieved?  I think it has.But, you have to accept this game, and the premise is offers, as a complete experience.  It is all or nothing.  You cannot focus on one or two little flaws, which this game does have, and still expect to enjoy this game. Being picky will interfere with your experience while playing Redout.  For example, the graphics are for me beautifully presented, but they are minimal.  The soundtrack fits almost flawlessly into the background, but could do with some variety.  The controls are deceptively straight-foward, but are hard to master completely.  Each team has a unique take on how you will tackle each track, but you could argue that they have to each be raced a certain way, and might not be flexible enough for some.  The tracks themselves are designed in such a way that will challenge you every step of the way, but will be way too hard for some.This game is greater than the sum of it's parts and always will be, and for me THAT IS THE POINT!"
,Recommended,517710,30677454,Posted: 22 March,all,h3.,"Whaaaaaaaaaat. This game is completely nuts. Takes a bit to get to grips with the pace of it but once you do this game is awesome. Great fun but so intense I had to keep my sessions short. Worth every penny for me though I can see myself coming back to this plenty in the future.(The ""survival"" races are terrible though. Feel incredibly unnatural and you can't take any decent line without hitting the obstacles. The one part of the game I think just feels kinda weak.)"
,Recommended,517710,27752851,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Pyrus,"What a great little game! Given I never played F-Zero or Wipeout, I was super curious when a friend pointed this game out to me, and it was money well spent! It has a pretty decent learning curve, and it looks fantastic! I'd love to see the game get more ship types and track locations, but its great fun as is. This game deserves a larger playerbase than it has though, for the online is pretty barren."
,Recommended,517710,26938328,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeZilla,Best WipEout successor so far
76561198048815433,Recommended,517710,30177655,Posted: 25 February,all,highman242,"This game is just tooo sweeet!!!! brings back memories of F-Zero,Wipe Out just awesome and in VR HTC nothing but having a blast so far very competitive and the tracks are all awesome!"
,Recommended,517710,27743230,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Szadek,"Ship goes fast, colors go bright."
,Recommended,517710,25604292,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Nuckalovski,"♥♥♥♥ this game is fun, hey"
,Recommended,517710,27263210,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Guren Kamui,WipEout+F-ZERO=RedoutIt's a wonderful game!
76561198009081274,Recommended,517710,30209443,Posted: 26 February,all,sasha_guskov,"There are lots of racing games! We even had some racings with a story-Toca race driver and a few NFS games, Driver etc..But there are no futuristic racings, and I always enjoyed them a lot.I really enjoyed Wipeout 3 on the first PS and Rollcage, I enjoyed fantastic Ballistics(oh how i wish hd remaster), of course i liked our ukrainian Hoverace(thats game from the creators of the Stalker, strongly advise to you)I even liked russian Lagsters, even if it were quite average...But this is what I really wanted...a real new Wipeour-gorgeously beautiful, super fast and running quite well.....Especially thanks for the nice music, of course its not a killer-techno like we had in the Ballistics, but its ok....I would like some more maps, but its great anywaysIf you want to show somebody something really beautiful on your new monitor or a videocard-run this game, thats totally insane. Especially on the 34 inch ultrawide monitor...Strongly Advise."
76561197970665890,Recommended,517710,25355260,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Jimbob,Now this is podracing!
,Recommended,517710,25316434,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ensoph42,In my first race I squeeled like a little girl and nearly fell out of my chair. 2 thumbs up; will squeel again!
,Recommended,517710,25320577,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Mr. Bones,Good spiritual successor to Wipeout. Bots are a bit suspect though.
76561197972483058,Recommended,517710,25447902,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Trepanator,"Recommended on SALES <10$ you won't be disappointed.Graphics / Speed feeling is good if you like the graphic style (enven if ships might look ugly)Lots of game modes, online works properly4 themes races with enough tracksOK soundtrack for that type of gameThe only big issues i have with this game are carreer mode and gameplayCarreer : interesting to upgrade and change your ship, challenges. But AI feels cheated, dont think you can get gold everywhereGameplay : Feels smooth in theotry but is a mess, it is better to bump into walls rather than trying to take properly the turns, strange ""alignement"" of the ship during jumps, strange behavior while turning also in several cases the ship looses too much speed in turns. I do also have frame drops with GTX 960 + Core i5 3550 8GB.That leads to my concern with this game's marketing : redout is a good but too expensive (30$) inde game. NO redout is not the new fast speed racing game : Fzero has WAY better gameplay, Wipeout is way more technical, rollcage fans will prefer GRIP, POD had a well defined graphical style (not a cubic synthetic environnement). Redout is using UT engine well but gives nothing new or better ..."
,Recommended,517710,28726833,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mahou☆Shoujo☆Bruce☆Chan,"The ship handling and physics feel perfect, everything is very smooth and responsive. Being able to strafe on corners is incredibly handy for nailing a good line.The art design isn't to my taste personally, I'd rather a pseudo-realistic style like Wipeout, but it is well executed and aesthetically pleasing, similar to one of those low-poly unity art games that litter indie game sites, but with way more polish and style. I love the little animated bits of the ships, such as the glowing flywheel thingy on the Hussar.In it's current state, the game is extremely unforgiving and more than a tiny bit frustrating, one tiny mistake can ruin the race, which is fine, but the AI loves to shove you out of the way and flip your ship around, making some races be down to to luck rather than skill."
76561197982510927,Recommended,517710,32881062,Posted: 27 June,all,Corvus Corax,"10/10This game is the Yin to F-Zero Gx's Yang - It's more subtle and nuanced. Extremely addictive, with a very rewarding sense of speed.The track design is gorgeous."
,Recommended,517710,32975559,Posted: 28 June,all,cahoonai,"Absolutely awesome racer that i ummed and aahed about getting but totally glad i did, really great. Has that 'just one more go' feel in spades...I tried this on vive about a year ago and got insantly nauseous, so i went with some trepidation over to my headset for the VR version. Now i dont know if they have done something or my tolerance has gone up? but....SWEET JESUS...in vr in the cockpit its red??out the best thing ive played in VR.Like being IN a podracer...Amazing."
76561198056068208,Recommended,517710,25349296,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,PixelBuff,"Great future/AG racer that fans of the genre owe it to themselves to try out while waiting for the final version of Formula Fusion to release; Beautiful tracks, a nice robust Career mode that lets you purchase and upgrade ships by earning gold, something I find many future racers lack. Really nice.My only complaint (and a small one) is the ships, in comparison to the detailed tracks look a bit low-poly and boring, I know they were going to a 'stylistic' look for the ships but I found they don't mesh well with the beautiful tracks, and compared to the fantastic looking ships of say Fast Racing NEO or Formula Fusion I think they could have looked a bit better. Minor complaint that many people who appreciate the overall style won't even care about.Check it out, great to see so many nice future/AG racing games coming out after the great wipEout drought."
76561197964062996,Recommended,517710,25342580,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Gillies,"Good game, if you grew up playing wipeout you'll enjoy this game heaps, but don't bother playing it in VR. It completly looses its sense of speed."
,Recommended,517710,33936539,Posted: 31 July,all,Unicronicorn #TF2SP,"I came to this game with a nostalgic F-Zero mindset, but was amazed to find the game might possibly be better than all the F-Zero titles I loved.The controls are TIGHT.  The gameplay is challenging and rewarding.  The visuals are ♥♥♥♥ing beautiful!I haven't been this drawn in to a racing game in years, and I've been completely addicted for the last 3 hours.Multiplayer is extremely fun as well, and the in-game ships you use are custom tailored for what ever play style you choose.I'd recommend this to every adrenaline addict out there!"
,Recommended,517710,33936824,Posted: 31 July,all,Swampy,"This game is awesome! A serious must buy if you love sci-fi AG racers!The level designs are fantastic, the car designs are fantastic the whole game is fantastic!"
,Recommended,517710,28900844,Posted: 1 January,all,Snozzle Wozzle,VERY good game that is very challenging at times.If you were a fan of WipEout then this is for you.I have nothing more to say :).
,Recommended,517710,33935175,Posted: 31 July,all,iBUYPISTOLS,"A solid arcade racing game. Controls feel good, graphics are nice, lots of tracks to choose from, and it has a career mode. VR isn't very enjoyable, though, due to a lack of MSAA, which leaves alot of distracting particle shimmer. Aside from that it's a quality racing game."
76561198000359319,Recommended,517710,33917260,Posted: 30 July,all,Afraid to Die,"Wow... just wow...If you were a fan of F-Zero and F-Zero X, this is the modern re-imagening you've been waiting for.  Extremely intense gameplay, surreal soundtrack, and very colorful artowrk (zooming by you way to fast to truly appreciate).I'm afraid to try this in VR mode because I think I'd get motion sickness..."
76561198057590719,Recommended,517710,33981671,Posted: 2 August,all,dunninger,better than Wipeout!
,Recommended,517710,25886047,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Thrallord,An amazing spiritual successor to old arcade AG racers such as Wipeout and F-Zero! Full short review in the video below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdSkyBsa8Wo
,Recommended,517710,25930192,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Grow Wings,"Pretty damn good. For the amount of stuff being rendered, and the speed (oh god, thespeed), it runs very smoothly. I've been noticing that many new games start lagging on my setup when I try to stream music or videos while playing. No such issues with Redout. If you do have issues with framerat, the setting are highly adjustable and you can disable portal graphics, which apparently cause lag for a lot of people.My only complaint is that not enough people are playing this. When I saw the trailers I thought everyone would be at least as excited as I was. But I've yet to find anyone doing multiplayer. Quite a shame."
,Recommended,517710,26191158,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Stuchi,"WipeOut and PodRacer have always been my favorite racing games - and they're both very dead. This is the first time I've seen someone make a clone that is not only very good, but ADDS to this miniscule genre.There are good visual queues to let you know what kind of turns are coming up, which means you can actually enjoy a track the first time you play it. This is important because of 'boss mode' which links parts of different tracks together into one giganto-track. What would have been a random maze of crashing becomes a test of reflexes and skill.There are real reasons to use each of the different ships, due to the boost mechanic being well thought out.People will complain about the 'weapons', due to the fact that they weren't really meant to be weapons."
76561198087318204,Recommended,517710,26279806,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,QuiltsNThings,I wanted to drive fast.  Redout helped to facilitate this desire.  Love it.
,Recommended,517710,26281482,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,f3lik]x[,"Probably the best futuristic racing game since Wipeout Pure/Pulse (or Fury).  Looks great, sounds great, handles amazing and is also AWESOME IN VR"
76561197971030623,Recommended,517710,26344388,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Possum,"This game has a wonderful feel. Both in apparent speed & control.  Is a bit grindy in carreer mode, to get the money for all the upgrades, but this is only a minor bother and doesn't impact how engaging it is."
,Recommended,517710,26368956,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Hezb0,"Awesome game, insane speed and hard to master. This is a real challenge! A must have for all futuristic racers fans :)"
76561198007101562,Recommended,517710,26437037,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Drenix,"If you got a Vive and your VR leg's (that is... dont get sick anymore no matter how you move) get this damn game now.It has the best of what you've come to love from FZero & Wipeout but in VR with what feels like speed's you've never matched in any other racing game set in a neon future.Warning your Vive wont sit perfectly on your face due to the ear to ear smile and constantly saying i need to go faster.9.7/10...as would love joystick and throttle support for ultimate immersion and these users to be only connected to others with same peripherals;eg: keyboard, joystick, controller and wheel users matched with each other of the same for peripheral for equal opportunity in races with scoreboards reflecting the the use of what peripheral was used making it more competitive."
,Recommended,517710,26485213,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ⓦⓞⓡⓛⓓ ⓟⓔⓐⓒⓔ,"Great zero-gravity racer, gives the player a great feeling of speed and is decently difficult. Would highly recommend picking it up if you're into this kind of thing."
76561198046956462,Recommended,517710,26496653,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Apelsinsaft,"Redout - A fast racing game that is actually fastIn a racing game, going fast is the highlight of your play experience. Whether it's drifting though a corner at break neck speed or taking that boost that sends you flying, the rush in a racing game comes from scenery flashing past and the track twisting before you almost before you can react. Some games capitalize on this more than others.Games like Star Wars Episode 1: Pod Racer or F-Zero capitalize on this sense of speed. However, speed isn't just what's on the speedometer. When tracks blow past the player almost before you've even recognized them, and decisions that are made in the split second you're given are not enough for a perfect time, you need to see ahead of the track, learn the track, to truly master it. Going at full speed results in smacking into the walls, slowing down results in the opponents catching up to you, leaving the player no choice but to balance on the knife's edge.Redout takes a very similar approach and the speed is apparent in many aspects of the design of the game. The racers blaze through the tracks at supersonic speeds and taking a corner at high speeds means you have to drift harder than Takumi Fujiwara. Boosting either via boost pads or pressing the boost button (or the BIGGER boost button, if you're into that) blows up your field of view to the point where you almost feel like the camera can't keep up with the racer. All of these little bits of design and polish add together to create a virtually unparalleled experience of speed. Seriously, no other racing game has gotten it as right as this one right here.Graphics and PerformanceThe artstyle is a colorful simplistic low-poly affair. It's nothing remarkable, but this isn't really the point either. After all, it all becomes a colorful blur at the speed you're blazing through it anyways. The simplistic graphics help with distinguishing things like curve indicating arrows or just the track itself against the background, and all in all, it doesn't look too shabby with the generous application of Unreal shaders and effects. Most importantly however, it runs at a butter smooth 60fps on my i7/GTX980 with only minor frame loss while travelling through dense particle effects.Sound and MusicThe sounds convey what is going on fairly accurately and generally sound OK, although some of the audio cues for certain special abilities could be a little more distinct. What really sets this game apart here however is the fantastic soundtrack and dynamic music system. The soundtrack is a blend of intense high BPM techno and guitar riffs, almost bordering on eurobeat at times. It's such a throwback to old school racing game music, and fits so well with the feel of the game, that i'm inclined to say it's the single best game soundtrack of the year.SingleplayerThe singleplayer modes are nothing to really write home about. There's the career mode, where you'll buy and upgrade your racers in between races and maybe take on bonuses for sticking with certain brands or testing out upgrades, and there's the quick races where you can customize the event however you want. The different events are varied and actually pretty interesting; there's generic race events (time trial, classic races, endurance races), elimination (last place contender every lap is eliminated), ""boss"" tracks (all tracks in a region tied together with teleporters for a ridiculously long track), survival (EMP mines sprinkled all over the track, go through X amount of checkpoints before time's up), arena (no respawns), instagib (super fragile racers), and tournament variations of the above. There's no real storytelling or narrative, just you, the track and the opponents.MultiplayerHere is unfortunately where my review takes a turn. There is a fully-featured match making system and custom lobby system for online play, but, and this is in my opinion a huge minus, there is no split screen mode. For a game which is such a fantastic throw back to futuristic high speed racing games of the past couple decades, it's such a shame that there's no way to play local multiplayer. The developers have expressed intents to implement it eventually, and considering that they are aiming for a console port it's extremely likely that they will actually carry through with implementing a split screen mode. I'm just sad that it wasn't in the release version from the get go.As for the online multiplayer, it's extremely rare to find a game and equally as rare to have somebody join yours, so it's not something i'd bank my purchase on.ConclusionThis game iss fffaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaast"
,Recommended,517710,27556505,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,LeopardEnthusiast,"I'm enjoying the hell out of it.  The music is good, the controls feel like flying an actual antigravity craft rather than a car with invisible wheels, the tracks are well designed, it runs great on my machine (i5-2500, R9 280X at the time of this review)...  I really don't have anythingbadto say here.  More tracks would not go unappreciated, but I wouldn't exactly say there aren't enough of them either."
,Recommended,517710,27607246,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blue Dragan,Awesome game. All the different twists and turns feel really nice with the massive amount of speed. This definitely helped with my F-Zero itch.
,Recommended,517710,29746531,Posted: 6 February,all,The Blazing Sloth,"Not sure why everyone is complaining about the game being overly difficult. Yes, it's challenging, but I wouldn't say it's unfair. Maybe I'm just really good, or they're just really bad. Either way, there's not a lot of content, but the core racing is fun. No real story or anything, just a bunch of races. Pick it up on a sale if you're looking for a good, fast racing gameNow this is podracing"
,Recommended,517710,29753256,Posted: 6 February,all,error406,"I got this game because I wanted a good quality racer to play in VR that wasn't as much racing sim as say project cars is, but overall I think I had more fun just playing it normally on a TV/PC that in VR. It's good in VR and all but it didn't give me the immersive feeling I was looking for. That said, I really enjoyed this game a lot (played many more hours than recorded, but have been offline) and if you're looking for a good current wipeout style game then by all means pick this up - especially if it's on sale!Anyway, I generally don't agree with the comments made in the negative reviews - especially the other vehicles being too hard - it still has NOTHING on the frustration Mario Kart causes when getting blue shelled 2 seconds before the finish line then coming 7th... but yeah to be fair it would be nice if the other vehicles didn't peel away so fast for no apparent reason sometimes or offer more in the way of AI difficulty settings...Only thing I'm not a huge fan of is having to angle your ship to not hit the ground on hills etc but that's just me. Still, even that's not too bad when you get used to it.All in all very pretty game, great use of UE4's colour toning throughout, well worth the money!"
,Recommended,517710,31769133,Posted: 15 May,all,asu又,"I'm just writing a review because Iwantto recommend this game right now. It's so good. Before buying, do remember anti-grav racing is a niche and try the demo. Also there's not much fluff, like a big story mode or such, even though there's some background lore for you to read and explore if youwantto get into it. There's a bit of customization and you basically collect different ""skins"" (just different colors/painting as far as I know, not sure though) for your shipmodels through playing. However, first and foremost it's just straight up racing. Donereallygood though. It's fast, it's fun, it looks good. Everytime I play I have an absolute blast and gotta try hard to stop me from playing and not squeeze in that ""one more run to get a better time"" or that ""one last event"". Devs even update the game in addition to releasing DLC content. Splitscreen mode for playing together locally got added just recently for free. You do kinda have a point if you're asking ""why wasn't that implemented on release"", as this is a great game for it, but that's not the point. It would've been a legitimate point to criticize the game for before the patch, but the devs are actually delivering on these things and that's great. The game's kind of expensive, but I definitely feel it's worth it, if you're looking for a fun and fast experience."
,Recommended,517710,31782078,Posted: 15 May,all,Supernova,Great racing game. Be ready to go hella fast.
76561198051614361,Recommended,517710,32679822,Posted: 23 June,all,DREAMBOX,My hands are actually shaking.wut
,Recommended,517710,32701529,Posted: 23 June,all,SmallKoreanSeal™,Do yourself a favor and buy it now that it is on saleWhy? Good mechanics and aesthetics.. they manage to get the futuristic racing experience to you...Hope to play it on VR some day :(Edit: after playing 15hrs+ ive noticed some good stuf... you upgrade to other classes wwhich are faster and race at 1000 km/hr reaching up to 1500 (faster than sound..) you get niiiiiiice upgrades for boosts and the online races are just awesome. DLC are worth too they have great laps (the ones alrdy in the game by default are great too).Im not into racing games but this is just gold
,Recommended,517710,32753143,Posted: 24 June,all,Radi0raheem,Fantastic.  Exactly what I was hoping for.  Bravo to the devs.
,Recommended,517710,26090442,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,borbak3,"Well, after playing for 37 hours, i can say ""THIS IS THE BEST ANTI-GRAVITY HOVER CRAFT GAME IVE EVER PLAYED"". The game is fast, requires skill, and the tracks are just butt-load crazy. At first you think the ai is WAY to hard, but then you get to realize, its just you who suck.It takes some time to get skilled, but the fun never leaves. I LOVE smashing in to barriers, thats how fun it is, even when you suck ;)"
,Recommended,517710,32708245,Posted: 23 June,all,blakedmc1989,OMG i just can't stop playin' diz game! it's one of best games i've bought so far! i love it 2 death! i reccomend it 2 everyone who wants a fun racing game 2 play :D
,Recommended,517710,32710711,Posted: 23 June,all,Wi ing,"Holy crap this is a throwback to Wipeout and F-Zero! It was eerily on the nose when I opened it up, and I seriously got goosebumps when I played my first race in Redout.The single player career mode is just as challenging as I remember Wipeout's was - don't expect a cakewalk. I haven't yet tried multiplayer yet, but I've seen people arrange matches on the official discord."
76561198076816262,Recommended,517710,32712174,Posted: 23 June,all,HALO,"Pretty visualsGreat speedsMore fun to play with friendsOverall, I don't regret buying it."
76561198016203112,Recommended,517710,32733159,Posted: 24 June,all,Oblivious,I needed a modernized jet moto. Excellent for what it is.
,Recommended,517710,32758630,Posted: 24 June,all,beacuase...,"Absolutely gorgeous game. The lighting is incredible and the game does a great job at selling a sense of speed. It might be one of the best looking games I've ever played, while at the same time running flawlessly. I have a 1060 6gb, and with settings at their highest and resolution scaling at 200%, I've so far only encountered one track that gives me a drop in FPS, in two very specific locations. Apart from that it works perfectly.My only gripes are to do with difficulty and longevity. As a massive WipEout fan, I wish that weapons and pickups were a thing. I understand that Redout isn't trying to completely emulate it, but unfortunately I don't think I'm the kind of person to keep coming back to a purely-racing game.As for difficulty, I'm not complaining that the game is too hard. More so that it feels strangely inconsistent. I'm using the hardest AI difficulty, veteran, and I'm finding that in roughly half of the races, I can pull out in front by the end of the first or second lap and stay there without pressure for the rest of the race. Then, I'll have events where I need to replay them 4 or 5 times and barely scrape ahead on the last straightaway. This feels like a track-specific issue to me - as if the AI is much worse at performing on select tracks.Overall, absolutely solid game."
,Recommended,517710,32776082,Posted: 25 June,all,MrStealYourMemes69,"I don't think I can go back to normal racing games after playing it. Everything else simply feels way to sluggish in terms of speed when compared to Redout. You will, at some point, get mad at the game. When that happens, however, play around with the upgrades and I assure you that everything will work out. The tracks at first are very easy, but they quickly ramp up in difficulty (♥♥♥♥ Europa)."
,Recommended,517710,32779682,Posted: 25 June,all,bristol_flyguy1980,"Didnt even know about redout until I had been playing omega wipeout on PS4 and was looking for a pc alternative. This is a fun game and can suit any time i.e. you can go into quick races which are fun or even career or online play. If you are into this genre of racing games then you wont be disappointed, or even if you are new, i recommend picking up this little gem. The graphics are nice and the game runs really well for me. Hope to see more DLC and it would be nice to get mod workshop support as well so we can create tracks and share them."
76561198032995830,Recommended,517710,32782543,Posted: 25 June,all,GunnyX,"This game has a great esthetic. The handling and speed of this game make it a must-buy for anyone liking the classics like wipeout and extreme G. The soundtracks just tops it off, it just fits."
,Recommended,517710,32797549,Posted: 25 June,all,GAIN TRAIN,This game is amazing. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,517710,32800269,Posted: 25 June,all,de_buff,Makes the wait for the next F-Zero less painful.  Very fast and fun futuristic racing game that is a steal for the sale price.
,Recommended,517710,32818786,Posted: 26 June,all,Kanga.exe,"Fun and addicting. While it lacks a little in compared to other racers such as F-Zero, its still very fun and worth the price. Plus the score system and leader boards give a lot of replay ability"
,Recommended,517710,33382730,Posted: 8 July,all,Vashts6583,"Really scratches that racing itch.  Still have a ways to go to really get comfortable with handling and unlock the rest of the craft, but it's so far incredibly fun.  The tracks are all quite unique and challenging, and I enjoy how the tracks are all used for various types of races throughout the campaign.  Can't wait to sync another 10+ hours into it."
76561197993206389,Recommended,517710,33389779,Posted: 8 July,all,kamih,One of the best racing games ever made.It's as fast as it is beautiful.
,Recommended,517710,33399031,Posted: 9 July,all,SurbaSix,"Considering the large amount of games being produced these days and the seemingly declining quality, especially with the dive into paid Alphas/Betas, I can easily say this game was worth my $35. It's been a while since I've played a racer as gripping and whiteknuckled as this one!If you've never played Anti-Grav racing games before, this is going to be quite a difficult adjustment given the change in physics (and spacial disorentation for some) but the more you stick with the game and learn how to improve each corner and perfect your particular play style, the more rewarding it will become.As an added bonus, the developers gave us several different styles of races, instead of the monotony delivered by much older (and even newer) racers. Be careful buying this game however... I'm currently having difficulty fighting the itch to race when I should be studying for exams. ;)"
76561197972512955,Recommended,517710,25388015,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Anihil8,"If you enjoyed any of the Wipeout or f-Zero games, pick this up. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,517710,32544745,Posted: 18 June,all,GCE | Regis,"A beautiful and fast anti-grav racer with a lengthy single player mode, decent track variety, and an excellent soundtrack. The single player difficulty is a bit easy with fully upgraded ships although some tough missions will require careful play and creative customisation."
,Recommended,517710,32663058,Posted: 22 June,all,nded03,"I'm pretty stoked that AG racing games seem to be making a bit of a comeback, and of the ones I've played so far this one might be my favorite. Menus are a bit awkward to look at and navigate, but that hardly matters once you get into the game which is hyper fast with impeccable controls, gorgeous visuals and a surprising variety of courses and vehicle upgrades. Judging by the pace at which the devs have added things like local split-screen, DLC track packs and even a major graphics update, they seem to be supporting this game for the long haul which I appreciate.My only major complaint so far would be the soundtrack. What's there is good, but there just aren't that many tracks and it can become repetitive after a while. I'm sure there's more on the way, but an integrated custom soundtrack system would be nice. So long as we're pretending the devs read these reviews, Steam Workshop support for user generated ship models could also be rad.But yeah, check this game out."
,Recommended,517710,32979771,Posted: 29 June,all,PotatoLord27,Fast fast fast fastFast fast fast fastFast fast fast fastFast fast fast fastFast fast fast fastFast fast fast fastFast fast fast fastFast fast fast fastFast fast fast fastFast fast fast fast
76561198050236303,Recommended,517710,33395951,Posted: 8 July,all,Jinxie,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=80DtQD5BQ_Areplace the word ""band"" with ""game"", and ""Tenacious D"" with  ""Redout"". I EFFING LOVE THIS GAME. IT IS THE BEST GAME EVER. PERIOD.hey devs, can you make another track that will turn my stomach inside-out, with a soundtrack that is befitting of snowboarding on satan's♥♥♥♥♥down a rocky mountain, while shredding an epic guitar solo, with volcanos and bombs blowing up behind me?I GOTTA GO FASSSST!!!!"
,Recommended,517710,25329468,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Beesoldier,"""When you're on the edge of your seat, your head going back like you're actually feeling the speed""this is a game that doesnt let you get off your chair.THAT SH!T IS GOODP.S.: SPEEEED IS KEEEEY"
76561198105244917,Recommended,517710,33472296,Posted: 11 July,all,Seeker Knerlum,"Arcade racing at it's finest! F-zero was one of my favorite games on the SNES and I missed the chance to play F-zero X back in the day. If I had known about this game sooner I would have purchased it day one! It's already one of my favorite games of all time in a genre that barely exists anymore. I highly reccomend it.---Pros---Great SoundtrackDecent variety of ships to choose from with upgrades and customization.Gorgious tracksVarious game modes, (Time attack, battle, race, pure race, etc..)SPLIT SCREEN!---Cons---No track editor (As of yet.)Not as many ships as I'd like but still a good veriety.Can seem a bit floaty at times with how your ship handles.Not as many upgrades as I'd like to have but better than nothing, which is what I'm used to."
,Recommended,517710,32787865,Posted: 25 June,all,Supersonic Stork,"Redout is one of those games where you truly feel the numbers on your speedometer. Teams and powerups work together to offer a variety of racing styles, be it the opportunistic, boost heavy ASERA, the tanky, sustaining Koeniggswerth or the fragile, fast Sulha AG. Track design is interesting and each map has a quirk of it's own, but what makes the game feel amazing is how they link together in boss races, cycling through every track in the map within the same race. Most racing games use music to enhance the experience, and Redout NAILS this. Music can vary between fast paced DnB with wailing guitars, orchestral epics, or more Neurofunky DnB, needless to say, if you like DnB, this game does a lot of that.The game has drawbacks too, albeit relatively minor ones for me, but your mileage may vary. One glaring issue is the low number of players, but the AI and tracks are fun enough on their own to warrant a purchase. The other issue is how easy races become after unlocking a few upgrades, even on veteran difficulty. But the worst offense is the terrible performance on AMD cards.Overall you should buy this game if you're looking for a fast paced, fun arcade racer. Try the demo if you're not sure. Oh and EPILEPSY WARNING."
,Recommended,517710,33057422,Posted: 30 June,all,Wacko,High speed racer you need to play. PC's F-Zero. Good graphics and super fast gameplay.
,Recommended,517710,29770201,Posted: 7 February,all,ZinCCe,F-Zero and WipeOut had a baby
76561198019895062,Recommended,517710,29775525,Posted: 7 February,all,[FTZ]_Hinduhitman,Awesome game. Very reminiscent of the F-Zero series. The one addition to this game that would make it even better - Splitscreen co-op.
76561198184774551,Recommended,517710,29776830,Posted: 7 February,all,healthZERO,"Played a lot of the demo till it went on sale. Smoked a bit, Drank a bit. Played doom 2016 while this downloaded. Played 10 races. Way over stimulated. Gonna try the same thing again when I get a vive. Will update after,  pretty certain I will vomit. 1 yes box clicked."
,Recommended,517710,29772470,Posted: 7 February,all,Doc Nacht,"Having played F-Zero GX, I really love the fast paced racing.My only complaints:Increase the lateral speed of the drift, and make the ships a tad bit more grippy.I would also like request a minimap of the tracks."
,Recommended,517710,33862989,Posted: 28 July,all,[BeJu]scpxi,"if you have had fun with wipeout or f-zero games this is a game for youPROS:-graphics are great (i'd reccomend to turn off motion blur and disable v-sync. Optional if you want to change your fps limit)-controls are pretty good and snappy (im using the keyboard, though for someone who's really new to this type of racing game i would recommend a controller for the comfort)-soundtrack is nice and energetic, not really my thing but it fits with the genre-AI difficulty will keep you on your toes (you can change the difficulty)-has split screen multiplayer-has a variety of race modes and vehicles to choose fromCONS:-playerbase is kinda not there for online multiplayer. Best if you have friends join in (though the career mode is still enjoyable)-the deluxe edition does not include all dlc-not epileptic friendly (more of a warning than a con)other notes:-As of this writting i have only played about 7hrs but have unlocked (not purchased) the 4th tier vehicles on normal (redout) difficulty-unlike wipeout where you pick-up powerups, you are instead capable of equiping them before a race."
76561198068139632,Recommended,517710,34672628,Posted: 1 September,all,VectorCorrector,If you miss the days of F-zero and other high intensity hig speed racers this game is for you. Perfect level of challenging and rewarding would love for online to be easier and more populated by the single player alone is worth the money.
,Recommended,517710,34761093,Posted: 5 September,all,Azrael7,"Love this game! I have being searching for a fast pase racing game for PC similar to the likes of Extreme-G and Wipeout, and this games just looks mind blowing at high refresh rates, 144hz in my case, and in comparison with the disaster I belive was wipeout 2048 for the Vita always strugling under 30 pfs (poor control I felt as well), even the PSP held 60fps flawlessly on Pure & Pulse (much better control than 2048 in my opinion) Back to Redout :), the tracks, the areas, the weather, all awesome! Verry good control, and nicely design ships!"
76561198024646006,Recommended,517710,30032726,Posted: 19 February,all,Tael,"Redout is a really fast paced racing game, that offers a long campaign (even though that it´s simply a chain of different races you need to complete - without much of a narrative), onine matches, and an abdundance of different race types.You probably got all that through the other reviews so I´ll cut this short regarding the general stuff.1. CONTROLS: ""Is it too hard? Is it simply bad design?""The controls in this game take some time getting used to, even if you already played games like WipeOut before.As someone who played mostly Trackmania or Distance (or even Mario Kart :D ), it was a challenge to get used to this style of racing. If I had to compare it, I´d say it´s more like playing Grand Tourismo with a wheel, instead of the other aforementioned games.Bottom line though, once you get used to the game, it loses most of the frustrations you first experience.BUT let me say this: This ain´t like NFS with crap mechanics like the rubberband function.IF YOU FALL BEHIND, IT´S SUPER HARD TO COME BACK.2. GRAPHICSYea, pretty nice.3. MUSICNot my jam, but I can dig it.4. ConclusionIf you like fast paced racing games, you don´t dislike challenges, and you are a nostalgic WipeOut (or even Star Wars Hover Car Race!) fan - you´ll get your fun out of Redout.Only sad part is, that there aren´t too many players playing online."
,Recommended,517710,33277971,Posted: 5 July,all,Exon,"++Great game, generally good difficulty progression, active devs, great feeling of speed, decent graphics- DLC seems to be a bit intrusive, MARS isnt released yet, but still the tracks show up in my menu and ask me to buy the dlc... Also: AI behaviour can be frustrating at times, almost always turning you around when they hit you.personal rating: 9/10"
76561198116691119,Recommended,517710,25315259,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lerikrubio,"So far, this game is absolutely wonderful. The controls are tight and the graphics are breathtaking. I don't have to emulate XGRA or F Zero anymore to play something ultra fast paced!The only problem is the stuttering I get from time to time. 1080p@60 stutters quite a bit and 2160p@60 is impossible with a gtx 1070 and settings on epic. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt since it's the first day of release, they're a small company and I'm asking for too much when I say I want 2160@60 on epic settings.Anyway, buy it. You will not regret it."
,Recommended,517710,25441117,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Onxhi,"If you like F-Zero, Wipout or Extreme G series (any AG Racing Game), this will not disappoint you. Amazing game! gameplay well made, great design and good graphics!, challenging and well optimized. Give it a try! and then at that price? You can't miss this game!"
,Recommended,517710,25516800,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,blaz,"Spectacular AG Racer from the Italian guys at 34BigThings, probably among the fastest racing games I've ever played. The intense feeling of speed is backed up by a good enough soundtrack, visually stunning tracks and responsive handling. The game features many interesting game modes, online play and a lot of different cars and power ups to customize your car. More content is coming along the way to make this game even better than it currently is. It needs a bit of balancing, but it's doing great so far.The best take on the genre in years. If you love this kind of games, it's definitely worth 30 bucks and many hours of your time!"
,Recommended,517710,28960969,Posted: 2 January,all,Ralis,"I can't stress enough how much I've been enjoying this game lately. As someone who grew up playing F-Zero GX on the gamecube, this game feels extremely satisfying when you manage to nail that ""going fast"" moment. The tracks are beautiful and fun to race on, and the VR support works like a charm. I can see people getting a bit motion sick from it, but it hasn't affected me at all, and is a lot of fun to play in VR. If you like anti-grav racers like WipEout or F-Zero, then definitely give this game a shot, I don't think it will let you down."
,Recommended,517710,32836380,Posted: 26 June,all,Tycho5ive,The most freakin fast video game I've ever played. Upwards of 500 MPH and you will feel every one of them. Well done developers.
,Recommended,517710,25394171,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Henry Sommer,"One of the Best racing games I've ever played. Redout has an intuitive but nuanced control layout. Dual stick turning, with both normal and strafing, is a genus move. Takes no time to learn and it will be a while till I have it masted.Also the art style is something right out of the Redline anime handbook. It genuily help you feel like you are going too fast for your own good. It gave me a genuine shot of adrenaline going top speed through those turns.If you have ever enjoyed anything from F-zero to Diddy Kong Racing, Forza to any other car sim. Get this game."
,Recommended,517710,25352895,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Calibrono,Awesome feeling and awesome looking antigravity racer on PC? All my monies!
,Recommended,517710,28348893,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Azias,It's like wipeout without weapons and more skills.
,Recommended,517710,29075510,Posted: 6 January,all,Zesty Aardvarks,"I like Redout a bit, and by that I mean I love it. I love the ships, I love the tracks, I love the environments, I love the more polygonal look, I love the way it handles. I love how the tracks twist, coil, and weave through each other like a roller coaster on steroids. I love the evolution of each racing team from the slowest vehicles to the fastest. I'm just itching to tell people about it and show them.For a more in-depth look at the game and its mechanics and stuff, I recommend checking out 'The SRRL Compendium' guide on the community hub.If you like to go fast, if you'd like to try a different set of controls, Redout is perfect. I think what pulls people in but what also pushes people away about Redout is the speed and controls. From the very first event you're accelerated faster than the speeds at Formula 1. It takes a bit of getting used to, but once you get into it, it's relativley smooth sailing... Sailing nose-first into the mouth of a volcano at mach 1. The default option controls a bit more like a plane than a car, appropriate since these vehicles are more like jets than boring ol' wheeled cars.The soundtrack is pretty hype, and matches the pacing of the game quite well. There's really only one song I'm not too fond of, but it's not bothersome. I love how different parts of the song will play at different moments, even out of order, and timed perfectly building up climaxes throughout an event.There's some pretty good cosmetic customization at the moment, 9 different color schemes and 3 different patterns for your ship, and even more that you can unlock each day. No microtransactions, just play some and see what you get.However, I'm sitting on almost $3 million in-game currency after getting all the upgrades for everything a while ago, perhaps they could make cosmetic items unlockable by using in-game currency?There seems to be some bugs and crashes that occur like settings not saving, but the only one I've experienced is a delay in the countdown audio.This is a game where I force myself to sit up nice and straight with the screen farther away than usual. I get so giddy sending my ship careening down a straightaway, off a ramp, and into the air at 900mph. It's quickly becoming one of my most played games on Steam, and the most fun I've had playing a game in a while."
,Recommended,517710,25874373,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,PatTheDemon,Solid racing game does the F-Zero/Pod Racer/Wipe out era of games justice.
76561197967711683,Recommended,517710,28084511,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Chiefson,"Reviewing about playing it in VR on the HTC Vive:Really awesome. So much fun, great VR experience without only relying on VR specials but beeing an actual game! Only Doom3 Mod could do that so far for me.It was just what I was looking for.  I wanted to play some seated VR game, in a cockpit or similar, so mostly racing games or space ships would apply. So after trying Project Cars I was disappointed, looked bad and had bad performance (GTX 1060 6GB @ 2012MHZ GPU/9100MHz VRam, i7-2600, 16GB Ram). This game has it's own graphics style, futuristic and flashy, so no high details are needed. Therefore it runs quite well with the right settings, so 95% of the time smooth, only a little stutter (45FPS with reprojection, but I turend it off for this game, better have ~80FPS than 45FPS imo) when a lot of objects are on the screen at once.So you drive this really crazy fast pod-racer on crazy routes that feature loopings, screws, tubes, jumps, boosts etc. Now imagine that in VR. You turn your head to the ceiling to see whats coming in the looping. Free way, so you push the super boost to go even faster. Oh, and class II ships are even faster. So are class III ships. Did I mention class IV ships? New all time speed record. New personal best lap time. New furthest jump. It's all pretty cool and motivating. Btw I don't get any motion sickness, but I never faced that in any game so far. I ♥♥♥♥ing love the feeling of speed in this game. I play without ship or cockpit, just the tack and HUD, but in many reviews I saw people complaining about missing external view of the ship. This is very much possible, maybe implemented in some patch.You can tune your ship or buy new ships according to the game mode, which I think adds positivly to the game.Some Cons, to stay fair:Some game modes are less interesting than others (Boss-Mode so far on of the coolest).Loosing in a row can be annyoing (but hey, it's a racing game).Enemy driver ♥♥♥♥ing you from behind sometimes gives a Mario Kart feeling. But the AI is very fair, no cheats or rubber band as far as I noticed.Still a lot of GPU-Power necessary.TL/DR:Great game, great in VR, SPEEEEEEEEED, get it."
,Recommended,517710,29020291,Posted: 4 January,all,✪DяZZ✪,"Fantastic Game! Really takes me back to the F-Zero X days of N64 :) Really good feel, great soundtrack, really gets that same sense of speed I got from F-Zero X back in the day!Great game for some high octane thrills."
,Recommended,517710,28520101,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,DANNICS,OVER 9000/10why the hell wasn't that game at the GOTY Awards 2016!? ;D it would definitly win an award for best futuristic-racing game :)for me it's one of the best games 2016btw the delevolpers are cool dudes
,Recommended,517710,25493731,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,BangdUrMom420Yolo,Remember fzero x? take that and spice up the looks a bit. amazing fun.
76561198027185444,Recommended,517710,29370772,Posted: 19 January,all,Praetor_Mooneth,I could't recommend this game enough. Its brain-meltingly fast and beautiful. Everyone sould buy this game so that we (the gaming community) can see more excellent content from the people at 34BigThings as soon as possible.Thankyou for your fine work guys.
,Recommended,517710,25435768,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ⒷⓇⓊⒸⒺ ⒻⓄⓇⓉⒺ,"It's like WipEout HD with better graphics, an interesting artstyle, some nice new concepts, some nice new power-ups, a mix-up of the norm and, sadly, worse music. I got immediately hooked and I played it for two hours straight right off the bat after it was done downloading.From the start it has a nice little selection of vehicles, the campaign works as it should, it has a different system than expected when it comes to power-ups; They're not as much weapons as they are tools. Sure, some drain enemy vehicles' energy, but other's may improve your grip. You don't get these power-ups on an in-stage basis, you buy and upgrade them between missions, and stick with them or switch them out whenever you wish between missions. There aren't only active power-ups, there are also passive ones that will just work constantly. These can also be upgraded and switched about.One thing I also noticed was the speeds at which you go. Billions of blue blistering bubbling barnacles, the speed is high. It can be a little bit -too fast-, but with a bit of breaking and strafing, you'll be on the right way fast. I should also mention that -USING A CONTROLLER IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED-.Presentation-wise, this game is very, very pretty. I start feeling slight motion sickness when there's a lot of motion blur, so I was happy to see that turning down the quality of the motion blur seems to lessen the blur itself. The game might be hard to run for older computers as the post-processing is advanced and a lot of the effects and particles are pretty heavy. The artstyle of the game has a slight polygonal twist to it, which I like.The only negative thing about the presentation, I would say, is the music. The music on certain levels even had vocals, something that I personally believe the game could do without. I'd hope the team takes some inspiration from WipEout and adds some new/switches out some tracks. Sure the tracks are upbeat, but they lack some of the harmonic badassery that the forementioned game's soundtrack posesses.All in all, I'd say that this game is a must play for anyone who is into WipEout, veterans and noobs of racing games alike, anyone who wants some true speed and a true challenge. I'd just suggest that the team would change certain things, like adding a grid for campaign level selection and adding new music tracks or switching out some old ones. I'll gladly buy any future DLC for this title, and I'd give it, all in all...[AN 8,5/10]Meaning it could do with some improvement, but it's a fantastic product from the get-go."
,Recommended,517710,26097929,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Sphinctus™,Do you like F-Zero?Do you like Wipeout?Do you like stupid fast flashy space racing through Futuristic courses?Do you like Mind blowing beautiful graphics?You will like this game. I guarentee it. This game is AMAZING.
76561198066362482,Recommended,517710,28214610,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Snootchie Bootchies,had to return because it stopped working on my machine for some reason but im re buying because i want to keep on playing
,Recommended,517710,28893893,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bonsewswesa,"The best thing I can say about this game is that it made me want to play Wipeout. I feel like I'm a good way through the game and understand how it ramps up. It's a pretty good antigrav/arcade racer (if a bit clunky) but it serves as a reminder that there will never be another Wipeout.Good:- Visually gorgeous, simplistic style with great effects- Decent music- Good controls/sense of speed- Interesting track designs- Motion looks amazing at 144hz*- With enough speed you can take a jump and fly up to the edge of the skybox- Boss mode is something I've never seen before and is legitimately interesting.Like many racing games, Redout re-uses locations for different tracks but in boss mode, you switch between tracks in the same area multiple times DURING the race, leading to very long laps and also meaning you need to be familiar with them beforehand as the track switching throws you into different parts of each track in a strange order.Poor:- Redout/Greyout mechanic does nothing for actual gameplayWhen hitting sharp declines or inclines, you're meant to pitch down or up respectively so you don't see a colour tint effect for half a second. The only time this matters is on extreme inclines so you don't scrape your ship against the ground.- No rebindable keys, not even an alternate layoutI would have liked to make the arrow keys turn and A and D strafe, seeing as that's how most games in existence use WASD.- Music tracks are assigned to specific race tracks, which repeat constantly. (1 song per track)Some of the songs also have distracting beeping noises that sound like a low health alarm or something.- Some of the worst A.I. I've seen in a racing game.On tracks full of tight corners they get left in the dust and frequently hit walls but if you pass them in a gentle/straight area (even with a fully upgraded vehicle) regardless of your speed they immediately rocket in front and 'magnetise' to a distance about 5 car lengths ahead, and will continue doing that until another series of tight corners.- Uneven difficulty curve.The first 10 or so events I didn't see another driver outside of the start of the race, then suddenly the aforementioned rubber banding kicked in. Track designs also do not flow well, especially in Alaska.- *Graphical settings do not save.Every time I launch the game I need to raise the max fps, turn off motion blur and turn off v-sync.- COULDN'T TOP SKYNYRDEverything in Redout that tries to emulate the feel of Wipeout, from the announcer to some of the menus to the ship designs, just makes me want to play Wipeout instead. Which I did, and after playing more Wipeout Pure on PPSSPP it's GAME OF THE CENTURY"
,Recommended,517710,25473218,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,JamieTheD,"Fast, varied, visually appealing and with just enough challenge to draw you in, RedOut is a Future Racing game I can point to and say ""This. This is something you should aim for.""Gold is achievable without too much struggle, but you can still♥♥♥♥♥♥up enough to lose a race. Tracks are *mostly* clear, and the controls are simple, which is good, because the speed is pretty blinding. It has tactical elements in terms of powerups, different handling styles, and even the use of the turbo (Spend a little bit now to recover from a sharp turn or collision, or wait for it to fully recharge for the hardest boost on a straight?) , and the Contracts (Where the game asks you to win, or just play with a certain craft and its loadout for a race or two, in exchange for rewards) encourages learning how each craft works, incentivising experimenting with the game.The sound is clearly differentiated, the music is varied, and the craft evolve while remaining visually clear due to their relatively low polycount and different designs.I have very little bad to say about this game, and it's mostly to do with the tubes of Abruzzo, which are one of the few unclear track features. Well worth the time and money."
,Recommended,517710,29062662,Posted: 6 January,all,★BigShot★,"Just some thoughts on this one:- slick with good production value- VERY FAST racing where everything literally goes by you in a blur- play against AI or Online- has a simple career mode (no story, just levels that get unlocked)- has various quick race / practice modes all can be played against the AI- very colorful- getting good is all about 2 things: memorizing the tracks & improving your twitch skills- might not have lasting appeal for older more mature players as I can see myself getting bored of this within another 10-15 hours tops- purchased on sale but due to its simplistic & restrictive nature I personally feel it's somewhat over-priced for what it is and how much play time I'll actually end up getting out of it.I recommend it, but ONLY on a good sale and likely best suited for younger players.*Played with Xbox360 Controller"
,Recommended,517710,27979642,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MRTAKEOUTFOOD,Great game! has local coop. supports ultrawide.  10/10
,Recommended,517710,28478493,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Thijzzemans,"Oh boy, has this game improved since alpha.I run it at epic settings and it looks awesome.This is totally the racing game i wanted.It's like fzero and that other game.Pro: fzeroCon: 30 euro's"
76561197975788162,Recommended,517710,29141630,Posted: 9 January,all,Lewis - A2A,"Quite simply its wipeout but for your modern gaming system. Its totally amazing, the developers mught as well have called it wipeout 2016. Works great on monitor and totally stunning in VR mode with various HUD views including an in cockpit type view.Game starts off quite simply to jump in but gets harder as it goes on rewarding those who essentially train in the various ships and tracks. Add in customisable power ups per ship, customisable ships in stats and looks and you have a brilliant game in the classic anti-grav racing genre.If you ever liked wipeout this is a must buy."
,Recommended,517710,25368937,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,eggzrule,"Great game, definitely reminds you of all the classic zero-g racers, but also brings it's own elements to the genre.  Would recommend to any fans of this style racing game!"
,Recommended,517710,29754809,Posted: 6 February,all,Pete-za,LOOKS AMAZING on the Vive and is a lot of fun. There's a lot to this game and am so impressed with what i've seen in the first two hours. A total keeper and I will definitely get it on the Nintendo Switch as well.
,Recommended,517710,28951888,Posted: 2 January,all,Roamin,"I usually don't into racing games, but if you like some of the more retro hover racers, you'll likely be hooked onto this game. Not standing at full retail price (currently $34.99), it's more than worthy of a grab especially if you're tired of games and half games in the [Current Year]. The VR half of the game is a little odd on my rig with a 6700k i7 processor with a GTX1070, the game tends to break solid framerates-- which is odd since the game runs butter smooth at 1080 60fps in 'epic' settings without breaking a sweat. Perhaps I'll look into a solution and update this with it in the future, but it's a solid twin stick hover racer.[Edit: On the vive, the settings need to be set to low to keep a consistent framerate]"
,Recommended,517710,28779708,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Eddy,Very fun racing game similar to Star Wars Pod Racer and Wipeout.
76561197992846615,Recommended,517710,28566402,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Über-Beast,better than wipeout fury in every single way.-You can upgrade liveries- custom paint- cusomize livery loadout- unique visuals- super fast- str8 dope
,Recommended,517710,34843705,Posted: 9 September,all,shahil786,"This is a very well polished racing game, one of the most fun ones I've played in a while. If you liked anti-grav racing games like F-Zero or Wipeout, this game should be right up your alley. The graphics are surprisingly better than I thought, and the controls feel very comfortable (although there's a slight learning curve to it). There's tons of maps, to the point where I still have many that I haven't played yet. There are lots of teams, each with 3 models for each company along with different skins for the cars as well. You can use your money you win from winning to upgrade your car's stats and add a passive and active ability. Honestly I'd recommend buying this game if you want to get a racing game.However, even though I recommend it and think this game is definitely worth buying, I feel obligated to mention a few cons with the game. The multiplayer is almost entirely dead, so don't expect to play it with others. There is a discord server for Redout though, if you're willing to find some people to play it with. Also, something about the game feels hollow. The races can be different gamemodes, but I feel like there's soo many modes that almost every 3 races there's a new mode being introduced. At least you have lots of options when you want to play your own game, but it just feels weird having to do certain objectives on a new map you haven't played much or at all. It's honestly not that big of a deal though. It almost feels like the campaign is used as a demo for all the different gamemodes that were added to the game. Also, randomly while playing you might receive a contract from a company to win a certain amount of races with their team's car. I guess this was meant to introduce variety and make people try out other vehicles instead of sticking to one, but it just didn't feel like a fleshed out concept at all.All in all, I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone who loves racing games. You can tell the devs put a lot of hard work into making this game polished and work well. It's not completely flawless but I think it'll scratch that itch for most people."
,Recommended,517710,34844778,Posted: 9 September,all,Cheeselover,"I don't get motion sickness often. But after playing only 11 minutes in VR. I now feel extremely sick.Well done game, well done indeed."
,Recommended,517710,26042721,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,roflBeck,"Guys, quit playing Forza and get on this! No 30 FPS BS here. Redout basically marks the beginning of the comeback of futuristic racers. It handles kind of like a slippery F-Zero, and it lets you Go Faster Than Ever. Seriously, I've reached about 1300 MPH at times. Even the low classes let you go like 800. Anyway, it's got VR support, which is in no way a requirement. I don't have VR hardware, this is a blast on a regular screen."
,Recommended,517710,25422172,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ScrotieFlapWack,"What a great game. I loved WipeOut on the Playstation and also had WipeOut for my PS Vita. This game pretty much has it all, online multiplayer, great controls (takes some getting used to though), ranking system and also awesome graphics.If you liked WipeOut then get this you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,517710,25376941,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Zenya-san,"Perfect anti-grav racer!  For anyone who loved Wipeout, Pod Racer, Xtreme G, etc.10/10"
,Recommended,517710,25328084,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Steven 'strajk-' Borges,Amazing.Absolutely Amazing.
76561197997146406,Recommended,517710,25327148,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Mikapi,My first impression of this game is that it's fun as ♥♥♥♥. To steal the first place at the last moment during a race is a incredible experience.
76561198044333867,Recommended,517710,25356204,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Goin' over that cliff!,This is a really nice F-zero (and other old racers) inspired game. The controls feel amazing and have some depth (they don't feel too arcady). The (Ships? IDK what to call them) look really nice. Every model handles differently and look unique.Overall a cool game that is definitely worth your time if you enjoy F-zero like games.
76561197973222894,Recommended,517710,25406851,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Armchair Action Hero,The best fast-pace VR racing experience hands-down. One of my favorite VR games so far.
,Recommended,517710,25356437,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Supreme_Court,"This game is not easy. Unless you are quite accustomed to these kinds of games or are some kind of superhuman, you will not win your first race on most of the tracks. Heck, I didn't even place my first few tries. Every track takes a couple of runs to get down, and it takes a little bit to get used to how your ship handles and how to use the pitch. But it is still great fun, especially once you start getting the hang of it.I wish it was more in the $20 range, but for the intensity of the races, the gorgeous visuals, the great sound, and the amazing sense of speed, I'm not too upset with paying $30. At the time of this review it was $35 and 10% off. If you aren't really sure about it, I would recommend waiting until it's under $25. But if you're willing to take the risk with the price now, you will most likely not be disappointed.Edit: The AI is kind of cheap sometimes. Whether you hit them or they hit you, you are usually the one spun off to the side or turned around, not them. And they WILL pass you. The rubberbanding is real. But if you keep at it and get used to the tracks, and figure out the best times to boost and when to pass, the sketchy AI isn't so bad. Still, I hope it gets patched some."
76561197971020703,Recommended,517710,25402346,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Lostarot,"Race Faster Than Ever...I think the developers tag line sums this up quite nicely, and I have to say they are not kidding - This game is seriously fast!I've done a video where I mainly gush over how good the game is.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXLl5oSu01g"
,Recommended,517710,25408313,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Duffking,"Initial impressions of this are extremely positive. A lot of these sorts of games feel quite like knock-offs, getting the look right but not realising there's more to these games than just going fast. There's a pleasing amount of drift and slide to the ships, requiring careful airbraking and lifting off to keep your speed high around the tracks.Speaking of tracks, there's 20, all of them so far quite spectacular. Rather generous for the price, and also quite a few ships to choose from.The AI will likely seem quite tough at first, there's some slightly over-aggressive rubber banding on display for the first few races which is then disabled from that point on. But in both cases the're very beatable as long as you don't spend all race grinding the walls and boost sensibly."
,Recommended,517710,25413229,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Mr Icarus,"Pretty damn fantastic, everything I wanted from a futuristic racing game, tight controls, ridiculous race-tracks, silky smooth visuals and a great soundtrack. A must if you're a fan of Wipeout or F-Zero GX. Check my video review for my full opinion.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaNqH04uo_U"
,Recommended,517710,25404200,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,VERY fast doggo,"First impressions are very positive. Handling feels good, it's a polished product, and has a decent career mode.The handling was easy to pick up, but seems nuanced enough that I will need to practice a while before I get good. Lots of ways to take corners and it takes skill to maintain a good line.Career mode involves earning money and XP from events, and spending money on new vehicles and upgrades. There's a good variety of game modes and it's keeping me interested so far.I haven't tried multiplayer yet, can't speak on that."
76561198007076178,Recommended,517710,25315000,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Alphapie,f-zero for VR...do i have to say more?
76561198164368348,Recommended,517710,25312349,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Micaiah,LOVE IT!!! BUY it if you love F zero x
,Recommended,517710,25314990,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Smuggo,"Feels like a spiritual successor to WipeOut. Just looks right, feels right an sounds right.A decently challenging campaign from what I played so far with a lot of different race modes and great tracks."
,Recommended,517710,25317669,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Moorudel,"Played it... loved it... It's an amazing experience xD. Being playing the career since I bought it and it's 1AM now. The thing is most of the player base is already sleep in the rest of the world so I can't wait to try the multiplayer when more people start playing.Fully recomend the game. Awesome music and visuals, tight controls and a variety of ships to choose, mind you, try them first before choosing your carrer ship. Also play around with the different control settings and find one that suits you. The AI is actually chalenging, even without powerups. Tha gameplay feels fast and responsive, I've missed games like this since I played F-zero (the gamecube one).Well gotta keep racing xD"
,Recommended,517710,28383511,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,FROZEZONE22,great game makes me miss wipeout even more and angry at sony for closiong liverpool
,Recommended,517710,31758687,Posted: 14 May,all,MartB64,"If you're looking for a PC based Wiprteout replacement, this is it!Adrenaline filled action racing - great fun :)"
76561198002618116,Recommended,517710,25390735,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Chris,"This brings back many fond memories of Wipeout for me. Not many games have caught that thrill of going absurd speeds on winding tracks, but I can honestly say that this game hit the nail on the head! Also i should add that there are control presets you can chose from / swap to on a whim. Basically if you want the classical wipeout controlls, that is just 3 mouse clicks away.My only gripe with the game as of now is the npc / difficulty / catch-up mechanics. no matter how hard I push it they can always boost past me and when I boost I don't gain on them at all. Hopefully the AI will get some fine tuning in the comming months which will make this game perfect in my eyes.Kudos to the devs, a 20 man team, for making the racing game I've wanted since Wipeout! Can't recommend this enough!"
,Recommended,517710,25318116,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,☭Comяade Яed☭,"I love it! It's the modern day F-Zero. After buying my HTC Vive I had started to become a little disillusioned; as cool as VR is, a lot of the games kind of suck. But this game has definitely revitalized my faith in VR.I strongly recommend this game and I really hope to see a lot more development on this game in the future."
76561197992859831,Recommended,517710,25313551,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,FootupYazz,i like it
,Recommended,517710,29361399,Posted: 19 January,all,Blunder,calling this game an f-zero or wipeout clone doesn't do it justice. this is honestly one of the best racing games on steam and it's criminal that it has such a small playerbase.
,Recommended,517710,25389232,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Bloodenguts,"Saw references to both WipeOut and POD and immediately purchased without reading any reviews.(Would impulse buy again!!)NOTE: If your trigger finger isn't completely numb at the end of a race, you're doing it wrong!PRO TIP: Go faster."
,Not Recommended,517710,29786225,Posted: 8 February,all,Wolfie,"A very good tribute to the original AG-racing games.  Personally however I cannot recommend it at it's normal price (£26.99) or even on a 40% deal like current (£16.19) unless you are extremely into the AR genre.  Unlike the original Wipeout, Redout does not really care about collisions with the track walls but does care about SPEED.  Regardless of what walls you hit, you'll find the fastest way to complete courses and beat opponents is simply to hold acceleration at all times and crash into certain corners because letting go of the throttle for even a second to avoid walls will cut your speed dramatically without really improving your cornering.  This, alongside the fact that when an opponent hits you your craft will spinout without affecting them (ensuring your loss) and potentially lacking replayability are why I have refunded Redout.  It's a very very good looking game, it's just not for me.  (And none of my friends would ever buy it at this price to play it with me :( )"
76561198025879047,Not Recommended,517710,30712733,Posted: 24 March,all,Socrates,"Fun game that, with updates, could be great BUT....BUT the VR implementation is strange. The scale is completely off to the point that when I'm playing it feels like watching a 360 movie instead of real 3D. I can't seem to discern one depth from another. So, when in cockpit view, looking at the dashboard of my racer is the same depth as the distant scenery. It makes the whole experience feel really lame because I enjoy the gameplay, but I gon't feel like I'm ""there"" while playing. So as a 2D game it may be worth it, but not as a VR game."
,Not Recommended,517710,33352369,Posted: 7 July,all,KillSlim,"Fails at the first hurdle: No key rebinding! As someone who sorely needs this basic functionality in order to play the game more comfortably, it pains me to negatively review this game because it is good, but this is a really basic option missing.Edit: Sorry, I could not care less about your negative/funny ratings for this review. The game is much harder for me to play due to an injury and I cannot compesate for it due to lack of key rebinding. Installing 3rd party software to make macros as the developers suggest is what you do for a ported game from 1998. I can't remember doing this for any other game I've played in the last 10 years."
76561198003792830,Not Recommended,517710,29746072,Posted: 6 February,all,Senov,"AI is extremely rubber-bandy and probably cheats. Campaign is not that fun, since you can have nearly a perfect race and still get 5th place. I really want to like playing this game, but it's just tiresome and frustrating."
,Not Recommended,517710,25727733,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,The Buttblade,"I wanted to wait until I had more playtime on this game before I say anything, but I want to do it now because it's so frustratingly jarring an issue.The AI in this game is ridiculous. It takes an otherwise fantastic game and drags it into the dirt. Pure races are pure frustration, because the AI will remain ahead of you, and if you think you've caught up? They rubberband right past you. You cannot imagine how annoyed it makes me to watch as I can never catch up. If you bump into an AI, you will lose profound control over your ship, while they get away scott-free. If the AI bumps into you? Have fun being turned to face the wrong side of the track.The only events where I genuinely enjoy myself are time trial events, because I feel like I have some modicum of control for the output. If I don't make a time? Practice my turns. Tighten the opportunities for when I boost. Experiment with different powerups until I can find the one that suits the track I'm having the time trial on.Normal races are fine. At least you have tools that can afford you leverage over the AI. (Better use the Slipstream Enhancer though!!!)Pure races are a nightmare. Winning a pure race is left to blind luck. Either the AI is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥; bumping into every wall and sending themselves careening over edges. Or the AI are virtual incarnations of Bobby Allison, and you will NEVER catch up to them, no matter how hard you try.My suggestion is to bake slipstreaming into the central mechanics of the game. Do not make it a passive powerup. Slipstreaming is absolutely REQUIRED if you would like to feel like you have a chance against AI that decide how the game goes for you. As of right now, pure races are an absolute gamble. Whenever I win a pure race, it's because I've thrown myself at it a hundred times until the stars aligned. Whenever I lose a pure race, I don't feel like I could have done anything different in order to win. I just try the race, play the exact same way I did, and hope for different results; for the most part this has worked.I understand that rubberbanding is the only way that makes racing against AI difficult, and in order to make this a fun and challenging game, you cannot compromise regarding that. What you can do, however, is to implement something that allows you to even the playing field. Baking in slipstreaming is the perfect solution; you do not have to remove rubberbanding, and it places the onus on the player to remain at the tails of the other racers should they want to secure a better position in the race.If you can fix this, I would be able to recommend this game to other people.The game is nearly great. Being a speed demon is fantastic. The ships are weighty and they all have their own identity. The tracks are fun and the environments are gorgeous. Pure races, however, are asinine and incredibly frustrating, and they take up a large amount of the events that you are required to do."
,Recommended,517710,27334592,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aetos,A better F-Zero than Meroid Prime: Federation Force.
,Recommended,517710,25354438,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,hugrr,"Awesome, love it"
,Recommended,517710,25351555,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,𝓗𝓔𝓛𝓛RED🔥🎃,Worth every penny. This is the best arcade racer since Burnout 3.
,Recommended,517710,28153990,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,SW. Arisen~,Awesome game
76561197977520814,Recommended,517710,28963485,Posted: 2 January,all,Kaneda0082,"This game is awesome. It's really difficult though. So if you want to scratch that itch of the super fast racing genre, then this is perfect. I need to practice more though. I can't stop from hitting the walls constantly."
,Recommended,517710,28983091,Posted: 3 January,all,[SG-X] Avernikas,"Even better than wipeout. Extremely fun, get it."
76561198262972110,Recommended,517710,32801877,Posted: 25 June,all,biubiubiusama,we need skin!
76561198023184174,Recommended,517710,25904868,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,darkstarnorth,great game
,Recommended,517710,25900864,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,RobRoy,"If Redout is to hard, you are to weak."
76561198002682943,Recommended,517710,27951815,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ansumana,"Spiritual successor to Wipeout, in every possible positive way.  Not as combat focused, but I consider that a positive.  Hover racing at its best."
,Recommended,517710,28995794,Posted: 3 January,all,BrianH1988,"Read: basically in the initial impressions phase, but have had the game since shortly after launch, as it came recommended by TotalBiscuit.Despite being advertised as an arcade game in style, Redout has physics and ATD that absolutely beggar belief. The details are incredible, the effects are sexy, and the gameplay is tight and ridiculously nuanced. This truly is a worthy heir to the zero-G racers of old. There's a reason I only have four hours so far- the game launched in a somewhat awkward state in regards to the AI and everything drove a little too well- was quite frustrating. A few patches later that seems fixed and the game may actually be finishable for the Career mode even if you're not a god at the game- or at least that's the impression I get from the early content. Will update when I get much further in/finish the current content. Make no mistake, this game is not for the faint of heart. Hopefully the devs justify the price point by continuing to add content- the first major content update in a very long time just dropped so hopefully they aim to continue adding new content to the game completely free of charge. Solid game, not-so-solid price at the moment.To the devs: Adding 'enhanced edition' is a good way to get people to notice you updated it. It's still the same core game though, so it might be considered a little bit disingenuous and misleading."
,Recommended,517710,28231122,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,YuRi-HFZ,Such a fun game! Wish there were more people playing the multiplayer but that's not the fault of the devs
76561197966076413,Recommended,517710,28282611,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,.RoaRk.,"Relatively new to AG racing games and never before has a racing game made me want to ""git gud"" quite as much as this. Gorgeous, punishing, and white knuckle."
76561197965740181,Recommended,517710,29414433,Posted: 21 January,all,peepin ur gurl,I played wipeout and f-zero religiously as a child.This game is a dream come true.
,Recommended,517710,29412713,Posted: 21 January,all,Beesnipes,"I remember playing Star Wars: Episode 1 Racers on my nintendo 64 as a kid, and actually from just about half a year ago (I rebought the game). Once when I seen a review on my Facebook feed from PC Gamer on Redout, I was curious. Within the very first minute of the game trailer I was drawn in like a fly to delicious fruit. It seemed like someone finally made a bad♥♥♥♥♥Anti Gravity Racing game into the modern times!I will tell you, this game does not dissappoint. You feel like a pro from the very beginning, all the way until you get to your first 'difficult' race. Once you hit that race, you'll know. It's like,♥♥♥♥♥♥man I don't know if I can even win. Then the learning curve starts with you finally starting to understand the strafing mechanic, such as drifting is an important role on tight turns in this game. Easy to learn, I started having a blast once I truly learned how to play this game and race at insane speeds. That being said, I'll set a pro's and Con's list.Pro's: Visually Stunning.  Physics seem great.  Insane speed. Race track variety, Ship variety, and upgrade varieties for your ships. Optimization! and last but not least, Mechanics.Con's: Sometimes if you nudge an npc, (another ship) as your passing by, It will completely screw you over and throw you into a 360. Aggressive AI! Lastly, the game doesn't seem to save my framerate option in the settings tab, so everytime I start it I have to change it to 120.As you can see, the Pro's heavily outweigh the cons. I mean, you might need to restart a race 6 times because of aggressive AI, but that makes it so much more rewarding when you hit that finish line in first place.TL;DR: Mechanics are great. Feels like a modern Star Wars Racers game with new features. ♥♥♥♥ing Amazing. I would pay $50 for this gem if I had to. Very optimized, and just a masterpiece of indie racing games."
76561198024872640,Recommended,517710,25328826,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,BlueNexus,"Highly recommended. I've never had such an incredible feeling of speed in a game! Brilliant soundtrack as well. As a note, for the first four tracks, there's a lot of rubber banding - After that, it's great, though. Very highly recommended."
76561198059882148,Recommended,517710,25333889,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Drakir,Having a blast but there are still quite a few bugs left to be fixed.My game freezes every now and then and becomes irresponsive/frozen. Sometimes my xbox one xontroller stops qworking with the game. Vr has to be more optimized.BUT PLEASE FIX THE GAME OPENING VR WHEN WE CHOOSE TO PLAY NON VR. ONLY SOLUTION IS TO UNPLUG THE VR SET.Thank you for this great game !Hope there will be added content or DLC.But please fix the game first and polish it a little. It's really a great game. It'd be a shame if due to some minor issues and bugs that the game goes by unnoticed.Thanks for all your hard work !PS: I still recommend the game as the good outweighs the bad. But if you don't have the patience to deal with these issues you should buy ot after it gets patched.
76561198050246034,Recommended,517710,25334544,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,donatelo200,Very fast and very brutal. I highly recomend if you played F-zero as a kid or even if you didn't.Perfomance wise it runs at a cool 144Hz 1080p  for me on my 1080 and that is all I can ask for.
,Recommended,517710,25339438,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,extra medium,finally a good non-sim racing game on pc
76561197996719954,Recommended,517710,25355075,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,danmaku,A real successor to Wipeout
76561198000916663,Recommended,517710,25324850,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Happy-chicken,5 minutes of redout gives the gaming fix of 5 hours of most games
76561197991824207,Recommended,517710,33376865,Posted: 8 July,all,vectra,"Got it during summer sale, best deal ever.Fast, damn fast"
76561198007905021,Recommended,517710,25320153,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,MaG3Stican,"I have not played racing games since psx times when games were fun to drive, had lots of content and no dlc.This game is the first to have given me a fun gameplay like no other with the intensity and learning curve all racing games should have.Graphics are amazing."
48151623422455642,Recommended,517710,32673876,Posted: 23 June,all,✅CoolDude ✅,real fun gaem xD
,Recommended,517710,28362460,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,.exekutiv,"Plays awesome, looks awesome, and scratches the itch for futuristic racing I've had for a long time."
,Recommended,517710,28469514,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Wayfall,"HiI have been looking for a Wipeout kind of game for pc and when this came out i was overjoyed. I loved Wipout on PS1 and the PSP years ago.This game is a big lot of fresh air for a pc racing game. The games looks clean, sharp and amazingly colourful. The ships looks very similiar to the ones in Wipeout. The course are gorgeous, i'm current on the jungle maps, theirs so tense and i love the pitch and drift stick controls for going around corners and going up round loops.The game is tense and so adrenline fueled especially if your using a xbox one controller and high end speaker/headphones, the music is amazing!.I am running this on an i7 4790K stock and a MSI GTX 1080 8GB manufacturer OC'd which is displaying to a 2560*1440p 144HZ Dell Gsync monitor. Max settings i'm getting 100-120ish frames so the game is silky smooth.Best pc racing game ever!"
76561198291930536,Recommended,517710,34544006,Posted: 27 August,all,Bionic Flatline,This is an awsome game. Fast paced racing just like the F-Zero series. Although I have little time playing this game its still a good game. Love the graphics of it too and awsome soundtrack.
,Recommended,517710,25432837,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Wasp,Official: I hate Roland.
,Recommended,517710,28585751,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Whammy,"this game so good, i paid MONEY for it"
,Recommended,517710,26127616,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,[HoG] Jabba The Hunt,"Takes the best from wipeout, f-zero and pod racer."
,Recommended,517710,34665123,Posted: 1 September,all,Stereo | Skraa (back on sunday),Loving the game and the story behind it. Highly recommended. :D
,Recommended,517710,25502610,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,DroppinClouds,"I didn't even know I liked antigrav racing games. I fondly recall playing Star Wars: Pod Racer on N64 as a kid, and loving it. This seems like a modern rendition, only scrapping the concept of gravity in favor of mind-bending turns, upping the ante with the flight mechanics (You must use the right joy-stick for strafing, and nose up/down. Mastery of this is crucial.), not to mention it's been dipped in a sexy coat of Minimalist aesthetics.I have never felt faster, and a clean lap has never felt more gratifying to me. I purchased this for 30 bucks, and I would reccomend anyone pick it up. If you see this as low as 15, or 20 bucks - just GO! It'll be worth it! I have played big budget racers that haven't garnered NEAR 30 hours of play time. I just picked this game up, and I'm at 30 hours. I will play more. I got a value here."
76561198038781395,Recommended,517710,25330903,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Eli-Marx,"WARNING: played♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ full volume, in the zone and had 3 epileptic fits and a mini stroke i think.Definitely recommendill be playing again once im out of this coma !"
76561198267513676,Recommended,517710,25341413,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NAILUJ,this game make's wipeout look like a foot raceagen very very GOOD
,Recommended,517710,25589088,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,soumik234,awesome game. :D Must buy :D
76561198012922116,Recommended,517710,28531042,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tokamak,This is what the PC needed. I nearly bought a console to experience a good gravity racer. Glad I found this first.Make sure you have a (Xbox) game controller though.
,Recommended,517710,28536815,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,mindfaQ,"Finally an awesom F-Zero-like racing game on the PC. It is an arcade racer, but with some nice mechanics (drifting while turning opens up some synergies, like taking sharper turns by timing it right), active powerups, boost. Difficulty is fine. I really like the visual and audio representation. I like how the sound changes and gets more pumping the faster you go.Developers keep supporting the game so far. That brings me to the negatives. The low player base makes it hard to find / play multiplayer matches. So if you don't have friends that own the game (I'm not sure if the demo offers online play), then you are kind of limited to single player and comparing your driving skills to other drivers on the leaderboards.Still... I've had a lot of fun with the game so far and can recommend it :)."
,Recommended,517710,28537370,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,hydranmenace,This game is worth it just for the patch notes. Don't believe me? Go read them.
,Recommended,517710,29096977,Posted: 7 January,all,Tim Drake,Love this Game.  Closest to F-Zero on PC!!!
,Recommended,517710,29104199,Posted: 7 January,all,kozuo,"If you enjoy oldies such as F-Zero, Wipeout, and maybe even Extreme-G, you'll love this. Must play with a controller."
,Recommended,517710,25505939,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Drikanis,Now THIS is pod racing! (sorry)
76561198019295601,Recommended,517710,33918074,Posted: 30 July,all,ZombieKilla,gud
,Recommended,517710,32309493,Posted: 9 June,all,churai,Super fast with a perfect learning curve.. those class IV tracks are insane!Soundtrack as also amazing -- well matched but also dynamic in it's own right.
,Recommended,517710,32321837,Posted: 10 June,all,Mason,Probably the best Futuristic Racer on steam right now.
,Recommended,517710,32572571,Posted: 19 June,all,Neptas,Unique racing experience.
,Recommended,517710,26488062,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Milfsniffing Jizzpiggy,SPEED AND POWER! this is one hell of a awesome game. stop doing what you do and buy it.
76561197971411710,Not Recommended,517710,32979370,Posted: 29 June,all,Inconmon,"Great visuals, great controls.Can't recommend in good conscience, as you can't just race with your friends. Instead the Devs make you unlock ships, tracks, etc via a career mode. Want to just race your friend? You got 2 maps."
76561197996766578,Recommended,517710,25345645,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Rakilonn,"This game is a nice Wipeout-like with everything you expect from a Wipeout.Pro :- Strafing- Nose control- Weapons- Crazy high speed tracks and diverse environement- A lot of game modes- Customization of the ship (not a lot of options but enough to be interesting)- Run well on an old PC with nice graphics- The first league is quite fastCons :- rubber band AI : on some tracks if you do poorly, the AI will do poorly too which breaks the immersion and get a feeling that the AI is cheating when you do really well on the same track.An option to disactivate that effect would be nice and have an AI difficulty in function of the league of the ships, and not in function of the actual performance of the player.Side notes :To play with a Dual Shock 4, use DS4Windows.  X360ce doesn't work for me and others.The weapons system is not like in Wipeout : you don't collect weapons on the track in this game.On the physics part against AI, sometime I'm hit in the back by the AI and I do a U-turn. That's annoying but I did it to the AI too so it's only fair. The AI is not impossible to move on a railroad, like in some others racing games.I'm also glad that the design is not a ripoff of Wipeout. The devs did a great job with their own ideas and didn't fall into the trap of making a clone."
76561197970465123,Recommended,517710,25345458,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Billy13,"Videos will show you they nailed the graphics, soundtrack and sense of speed, so all i need to tell you is that they nailed the handling too - the dual stick system is simple and intuitive, for example you can steer sharply into a corner then move the right stick in the opposite direction to drift around it.Very, very impressive game. I don't usually make impulse purchases but who doesn't need another futuristic hover racer? and this one is done right."
,Recommended,517710,25506273,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Erufen Rito,"This review is from the perspective of an F-Zero GX fanatic. Back in the day, I completely unlocked every single thing and beat every single challenge and won every single race the game had to offer. I sourly regret the fact that Nintendo will most likely not be making a new F-Zero game.Redout is an incredibly fun game. The sense of speed is instantaneous. The tracks are fun and keep you on edge.The controlls take a while to get used to, and they do feel a bit slugish. I tried with a keyboard and mouse, and a controller, and in both cases, going plum straight is nigh impossible. Microcorrections are not enough of an issue to even raise a statement, but do know that they are there.One thing I can say is that the AI seems to be allowed to cheat to be ahead of you. The AI can crash into you, and you take the beating. If you try to return the favor, you take the beating. The AI doesn't ""race"" you, it's programed to do laps within a time range, and it will do whatever it can to do so. That includes outright cheating and going faster than possible on the corresponding ship.The game has a very interesting momentum sistem, which I can see as being a very powerfull tool to go even faster.Over all, I absolutely love this game, and I will be investing a lot of time into it.The only downside is that, in the 1.7hrs I've played, I've spent about 0.5 of those looking for an online game. I only ever found one, that had 4/12 players in it, and the race had already started. Once they were done, there were no open games to join. So I hosted one, and no one joined.It needs more players, so share the game, buy the game. Lets play.Gotta go fast!"
,Recommended,517710,31349385,Posted: 24 April,all,[Ratchet Miles],"The game is pretty comparable to Wipeout, however, I wish there was a simlified control scheme. For example, instead of making me remember to raise my ship in a loop or sharp curve, it'd be nice if the game could just do that for me so I can focus more on steering. I also don't like the topology in some places. The game has some really good graphics, but there are some places, especially when talking about the ships, where they look like PS1 models. I just wish there was more detail."
,Recommended,517710,29752628,Posted: 6 February,all,[V101] Zach Wilson,great game if you want to get VR noobs to throw up in front of you
,Recommended,517710,25367222,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Nemull,"it have an appareance of wipeout, but only thattheres no background, the traks are just a line of poligonal colors, and shacking effects,too much effects and low physicsother issue is that only the 360 pads works in game.the music was kind dissapointing and the lack of narrator kills the feeling of playing human races.if you are looking for a wipeout sucesor this is not your game, is a good futuristic and colorfull race sim but just that not wipeout."
76561198013776287,Recommended,517710,25316286,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Shake!,It's fast!  It's Fun!  It's Redout!
,Recommended,517710,25321278,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Vandre,FAST.
76561198248170178,Recommended,517710,29774152,Posted: 7 February,all,BonzerJimmy,Very Cool
,Recommended,517710,34822152,Posted: 8 September,all,asapfgd,is very good.
,Recommended,517710,35229452,Posted: 26 September,all,outspaced,"Looks, feels and sounds spectacular."
76561197972031024,Recommended,517710,28113777,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,sertz,"Followed this game for a while before picking it up, was a huge fan of the Wipeout games on Playstation game consoles, so the bar was set pretty high.Anyone who has played Wipeout knows that game has a distinct feel to the physics and weight of the ships, its fast, unforgiving and brutal. But once you master the nuances of the controls, it becomes less frustrating and more satisfyingly  challenging, but never unfair.Thankfully this game holds up beautifully to Wipeout. The ships are somewhat simplistic at the start, but with customizations and paint jobs you can apply later that becomes less of a gripe. The tracks are detailed and feel fast, and the controls give a very good weight and feel to the ships. The tracks are a blast to play as well.Essentially this game took the best aspects of Wipeout, focused hard on those aspects (ship feel, fluidity, physics, speed, skill based racing) and put out a feature-limited but very polished racer.My only complaint at this time is lack of replay options or a photo mode. The graphics are incredible... It would be nice to have a replay/photo mode to show them off!"
,Recommended,517710,25315678,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Jaimy,"Great game that filled the void left behind by POD and Whipeout. Good soundtrack, great speed and volocity."
,Recommended,517710,25372559,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,red,"If you're a huge fan of Wipeout, you'll love this. Use a controller."
76561198063362823,Recommended,517710,25356562,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,FrenchFried,"Okay so i dont write many revies but if youre looking at this game and you liked wipeout or any other anti gtav racer just buy the damn game its a really fun fast paced game that makes me remember why i loved these games. if youre new to these types of games, ant you like to go fast in a racing game buy the game.TLDR: if you wanna go fast BUY THE DAMN GAME"
,Recommended,517710,25390591,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,MasterShake,"I recommend the game still. I just didnt have any luck with the controls. I tried about 80 min and all 3 control schemes, just didnt like it.  And cannot customize the keyboard controls.  But im sure its a blast for those who got it to work."
,Recommended,517710,25327465,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,✪ Fried -iwnl-,THIS IS SO FAST !!! SOOOO FAST!!!!!!!!!!
76561197990489649,Recommended,517710,25394659,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Bot Space Taxi,"Great game!Has several different types of racers to choose from, each with 4 classes of upgrades. Very fast, addicting, and satisfying - especially when you take that high speed turn that you can't see coming because you crashed there last time. You don't think it couldn't get any faster until you move up a class.Amazing variety of tracks - From long stretches into hairpin turn to loops and twists where you can't see the next turn unless you've raced it before. The environments are beautiful <3Event types from time attacks, races, and elimination.Great game! Definitely recommend it!!!"
,Recommended,517710,25358268,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ExiledLie,This game is awesome.
76561197984039108,Not Recommended,517710,32938468,Posted: 28 June,all,Dreiraben,"I basically just got the game because I am a huge Wipeout fan and the game is kinda advertised as an inofficial wipeout succesor, which it isnt. It is not a bad game in its own rights, but it copies heavily from other titles without being better than them in any aspect. I love the ship desgin, the race track and the surroundings are rather mediocre, as is the music. The game tries to focus on ""skill"" over ""luck"", but with hardly any input options, I dont really feel like a skilled driver when I win a race. And if your ship should ever get destroyed you can basically restart the round because there is no comeback mechanic. Once youre on the last place you wont win, period. I dont really see the audience for this title. Its too boring and repetetive for ""skilled"" players and too frustrating for casuals. It lacks the magic that wipeout created with its futuristic setting, awesome music and competetive gameplay. Id say test the demo and make up your own mind, but the demo is garbage, it doesnt get you hooked at all. One ship, one mode, one track - and its the most boring ship on the most boring track...."
76561198021427722,Not Recommended,517710,32841599,Posted: 26 June,all,Fedas,"While I haven't played the game very long, the soundtrack is amazing and the gameplay seems very good.However, uncomfortable controls with the inability to rebind any controls is a dealbreaker. It's 2017 and the developers have not include customizable controls. There are posts, most dating from last year (some from September), requesting rebindable controls. Honestly, it's just kind of sad."
,Recommended,517710,25315076,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Nalessi,"Awesome modern take on the old wipeout series. The sense of speed is phenomenal.Technically flawless, runs very well. Lots of content and a cool soundtrack. A must buy for anyone interested in futuristic (hover) racing games!"
,Recommended,517710,25311674,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,MonkeyJug,"Redout will Sortout the men from the boys!This game is phenomenal!  Absolutely stunning and beautiful in every regard.  The sense of speed is like nothing you have ever seen before.  Finally, THE true successor to Wipeout has arrived!"
76561198075787025,Recommended,517710,25315045,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,SheepamongWolves,"Pitch up when you go up. LB gives you a boost. It's pretty but also heavy on my eyes the sparks you get when you don't pitch up on the loop I can't look at it. Turning effects to low helped a little but it's still to flashy. Music is very chill. I'm not sure yet if I'm going to keep it since I can't look at those sparks. If there is one gripe I have in Video settings you can't change resolution, so what ever your monitor is set to, that's the way you will play it."
,Recommended,517710,25312530,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,[GE] miru,VRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFXIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVRUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMVRUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF10/10
76561198287441980,Recommended,517710,26196353,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,MysticReverie,"Super smooth and superfast wipeout style racer.It's pretty hard and  takes fast reactions for sure, I personally can't be bothered to practice that much..My days of playing wipout style games into the small hours are behind me.. I think.Still.. if you're up for the challenge and the thrill... this game delivers."
,Recommended,517710,25322462,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,no bully,"definitely wait for a few patches and a sale. a good game, with a bunch of really hard to ignore problems hanging off something that would otherwise be great.the ai, when not teleporting right on your♥♥♥♥♥because they fell too far behind to keep it interesting, seems to be a bittoogood at the game. it never really comes down to a question of whether or not you ""beat"" the computer, it will always be wether or not they ruined their own runs by getting in the way of another cpu, or you will be sitting in last place, eating what was their dust a few minutes ago, wondering why that light tap on the wall that did nothing to the cpu might as well have put a brick wall in front of your car. in short, a fun game with really wonky collisions, some mechanics that are in dire need of explaining and a tutorial that never get either, and a really really really broken boost function. the game will never ""cheat"", but really often will look and feel like it is."
,Recommended,517710,28240992,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Draylynn,"The maps are fantastic fun, it's pretty and it seems the music changes sometimes based on activity on the track.Career mode is a blast, random 'contracts' popping up, skin colours to unlock (and trade with friends) etc.I have yet broken the sound barrier, but I hear it's possible, there's even an achievement for it.Plays well on a PS4 controller w/ Input Mapper.This game can seem immensely difficult at some point through the career, but some maps aren't plug an' play and you have to learn them. Quite a few 'what the fudge' maps I ran into I had no trouble with after learning them in 'Quick Race' 'Time Attack' with 10+ laps for good measure. You do hit the walls quite a bit, but it's not impossible to avoid them, there are breaks, learning to drift and learning to take your finger off the accelerator once in a while to circumvent the track (something a lot of gamer's seem to struggle to do). Some maps will also play easier with different vehicle configurations and some may just take more practice.I'm not usually one for racing games, but I love this, reminds me tons of Wipeout.My irks;- More everything, maps, music, upgrades, ships... I can't get enough.- Multiplayer communication options (voice chat?)"
76561198035761512,Recommended,517710,25324751,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,rexy,"THE SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED****ing hell sh*t can move in this game.  Well…. one thing is for damn sure, if you nicked ya school teachers glasses and white board marker, they sure aint gonna catch ya if you’ve got one of these rocket thingos.DEAR DEVS:  PLZ ADD 30 PERSON RACESOn a serious note, perfect.  Spot on work from devs.1237 kmh / 10  ( face ripped off )"
,Recommended,517710,26049702,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Jon Cage,"Tis' fast, yes."
,Recommended,517710,29751561,Posted: 6 February,all,ClockWork,great game
,Recommended,517710,29953698,Posted: 15 February,all,CarnivoreS,2 wordsBUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198062290760,Recommended,517710,25469612,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Fulcrum,It has a podracer in it.10/10
76561198204406799,Recommended,517710,25358563,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,scobypete,This game is great and has a lot of replayability -  highly reccomended!
,Recommended,517710,25355444,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Spliffy,"If you love the  F-Zero games, you owe it to yourself to play this one. You'll probably also need a gamepad."
,Recommended,517710,25384526,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Azaldian,"I've been looking for a game with an overwhelming sence of speed for some time now and I've found it! Redout is well worth the $35, it's an absolute blast. The controls are easy to get used to, the AI are competitive, and most importantly, it has online multiplayer. On top of all the game has to offer, from what I hear they will be updating the game in the future! I HIGHLY recommend this game to any racing fan. Great buy."
,Recommended,517710,25361698,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,CrowdedWorlds,"An incredibly worthy successor to Wipeout gameplay, with its own take on a few elements."
76561198007248397,Recommended,517710,25310941,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,craig r,it has good speed and difficulty
,Recommended,517710,25835059,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,namphibian,Its not wipeout its f-zero with more edm styled graphics. A perfect blend for me. This is good really good if you have the brains to cope with the speed.I am the type of person that rather boost at 1000 km/h with 5% hull than try and save the ship.Carpe Jugulum.Go for the throat.
,Recommended,517710,29514368,Posted: 26 January,all,eurallis,"If you are ready for an upgrade ftom wipeout to something a bit harder but just as enjoyable on controls, music, and feel of speed...this won't be a let down for you.Honestly the only 2 nags I possibly think of for this game are...1. the constant speed might take away the art of the ship you're in.  In wipeout I always felt like I appreciated looking at my ship as well as the track, and to this day the ships in it stick in my mind.  It just seems like you're always looking ahead way further down the track than what is right around you. (maybe after playing longer the ships will stick more into my memory)2. the woman annoucing could have a bit more polish to it.   It doesn't feel quite futuristic enough.Like I said though, these are just things I'm trying to find wrong with the game.  I can only play a few sessions at a time because I have to unstick my hands from the controller and relax a bit.  They really did a wonderful job here, and I look forward to more of thier games or expansions."
76561198000315168,Recommended,517710,25622945,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mind Reaver,"Updated: As of 1.0.4 this issue seems to have been fixed. I can finally play this game to it's fullest :)It would be a perfect game if it wasn't for the fact that it freezes on two different computers at the beginning of each race or the completion of a lap.I'll update my review, when this changes but for now it's a no go."
,Recommended,517710,25497325,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,LunchboxDOTinc,"i got dizzy and had to take a break....those words literally sum it as one of the best AG Racers i've come across in a long time... all the comparisons floating around to wipeout and the likes of F-zero GX are justified, and it honestly feels like the lovechild of the two, tighter than wipeout, looser than F-zero... and thats exactly where i've always wanted an AG racer to sitbuy it, don't even wait for a sale, but if there IS a sale and you pass it up, more fool you"
76561198006572006,Recommended,517710,25503991,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Fenris,"The AG racer I've ben waiting for since Wip3out :-) High speed, technically challenging, wicked tracks, smooth, bright graphics, and great music - not for the easily put off, but perserverance pays off!"
76561197995825753,Recommended,517710,25506134,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,s279961,"This game is awesome in VR in my Oculus Rift! I definitely recommend this for VR!It is a great arcade-like VR-compatible racing game in contrast to sims like Project Cars and Assetto Corsa. I particularly love the combination of high speeds with very interesting tracks and environments; the inclusion of loops, dips, and jumps is awesome. As others have said, the progression of ship upgrades, ""weapons"", and tracks keeps it even more interesting than the initial racing experience already is.If there is a con, I would say the high contast colors tend to blend together in VR and can make already-challenging tracks even harder to race well on. It can also be a little harsh on the eyes after a while in the HMD. It isn't a major gripe, but an overhaul of the colors/outlines would be appreciated."
,Recommended,517710,33084342,Posted: 1 July,all,namnatulco,"Liked Wipeout? This is the game for you. The graphical update compared to that series actually increases the feeling of speed, and the game will have your adrenaline rushing from the first few seconds of the first race."
,Recommended,517710,28775524,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Unreasonable,"Fun game, about time an FZero styled game came out"
76561198037916749,Recommended,517710,25334109,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,{0100Venetas1100},"This game gave me the same feeling F-Zero GX gave me the first time i played it.Immediately threw up again, 10/10.Cockpitvision is nice though."
76561197995457543,Recommended,517710,25465564,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,AnthonyWeiner,"See other reviews for why the game is good.Big downside IMHO is lack of documentation. No tutorial, no explanations of how you should be driving. All trial and error. In a game so difficult that it asks you to play perfectly, this is a big deal. Took me forever figuring out how to play optimally - completely unnecessary initial frustration phase to the title."
,Recommended,517710,28392877,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Slymayer,"td;dr : This game got the perfect challenge/reward balance and it feels just amazing. If you wanna go fast, try hard and progress, just go for it.There is no doubt Redout aims at enthusiast players who grind fast-paced games in general, wether they're racing games, HL surf, or speedrun FPSs. The game becomes very difficult each time you increase your class, but it's also rewarding enough to keep me thirsty for more. If you're into tricky race games with great graphics, overall feeling then just go for it. You'll have both fun and hard time beating the AI once you reach a level that matches your skill but don't worry : you'll progress as long as you train consciously enough.Protip : Try to look as far as possible. Always focus on the NEXT corner, anticipate as much as possible or you woun't be able to keep up with your own pace."
,Recommended,517710,28359064,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,chiefBongRipDankCloud,"A fantastic game - if you’re looking for a fresh AG racing experience then this is for you.Your eyes will probably start watering if you get stuck into one of the 'Boss' type events which are basically 10 straight minutes of trying not to blink.Good graphics with a neat aesthetic that is just gorgeous to look at, which does a lot to make you feel like you are traveling at Mach 1. The game is engaging and I hope to see more content in the way of modes and tracks in any upcoming patches.My only gripe is that you can't rebind your keys (as of 1.0.5) so you are stuck to either WASD + the Arrow Keys or an Xbox 360 controller."
76561198041115663,Recommended,517710,32912141,Posted: 27 June,all,King Dickie,now THIS is pod racing
,Recommended,517710,26303289,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Minikeks,"Review without VR:You want racing? You want super-sonic speeds? You want glider-thingies? Get it!Okay seriously though. It looks great, it sounds great and it feels great. Sure the AI is a bit confusing. One time they seem to be way faster than you and other times they are just so damn far behind. Not sure what to make of this.Review with VR:... No. Just.. no."
76561198015568224,Recommended,517710,33787029,Posted: 25 July,all,Sludgeviper,"Not gonna give the thumbs down, but this not a replacement for Wipeout. Wipeout is on the Omega Collection which is 4k, 60fps on the Playstation Pro. I had a complaint with that HD/Fury title  in which double tapping left or right airbrake caused a double dash for. And that was pretty much the gamebreaker for me seeing as how I only tapped the brakes in PS1 Wipeout to to do Phantom class."
,Recommended,517710,33354208,Posted: 7 July,all,Lee-Laa,"Great game so far, really high quality. Game is really hard at first, but you adjust to the tracks and speed."
76561197987486284,Recommended,517710,33351705,Posted: 7 July,all,Cetnik,Great Wipeout-style racing game. Beautiful graphics and addictive gameplay.
,Recommended,517710,34126597,Posted: 9 August,all,codewing.de,"Fast paced racing with great scenery and good music, sometimes even great."
,Recommended,517710,26785314,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,caden,gave me a headache 10/10
,Recommended,517710,34216526,Posted: 13 August,all,Zaxo,"tl;dr 10/10, game has a demo to try out the mechanics, negative reviews are usually the reviewer being trash at the game and blaming the game instead of accepting they're trashThis game is everything I wanted and more. My only criticism of it is that there's no sound effect for breaking the sound barrier. I don't want a sonic boom, but the audio cutting away so you only hear the inside of the cockpit combined with a visual distortion effect at the edges of the screen would make the sound barrier something meaningful instead of just another number.Salt begins hereMost of the negative reviews can be explained away by the reviewer being♥♥♥♥♥♥at the game""Can't catch up to the AI"" The AI don't cheat, they race like normal, you're just bad""Awkward movement"" Movement's very fluid and smooth if you properly utilize strafing, considering strafing is just as important as actually turning""Game favors hitting walls instead of racing well"" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I have yet to find a situation where it's preferable to grind against a wall, considering how much speed it bleeds away. If you look at some of the best times, they're not wallgrinding to gain speed like you would in, say, F-Zero GX at the end of the race.Game isn't easy, but it's fair."
76561198097716080,Recommended,517710,30051373,Posted: 19 February,all,Jojolole32,good game
,Recommended,517710,30364702,Posted: 6 March,all,Akarinata,"A manifestation of the best AG Racing has to offer.Redout is a modern, polished revival of a small, anomalous genre that saw its rise in the '90s with the release of Wip3out in 1995. Since then, there have been a handful of follow-ups, with only another handful of its ilk released since, and of those, most were from the same era of its rise; and Wip3out itself only having seen one large release that wasn't on handhelds since the PS2. There hasn't been a good AG future-racer to fill the gaping hole of the genre in the time between the last release (a good 7 years )...until now.I will admit, the first time I booted it up, I was still skeptical about the game meeting the high standards childhood nostalgia had placed on a new game supposedly paying direct tribute to the great games of yesteryear that it names. With GRIP's recent Early Access success earlier in the year, I decided that before I make any judgements, I should release give it a few spins- and holy S H I T, was my skepticism unfounded. Boasting uncompromising speed, tough tracks, and rapturous music for the adrenaline-junkie veterans of the genre, the game lives up to exactly what it advertises and more, being gorgeous as all hell, and having a soundtrack that absolutely exceeded my expectations. And even then, they're still updating the game with free content as it comes, which, by the way, had arguably some of the best music, and less arguably, the most stunning racetracks to breathe in during what little time you spend on the track.In a few words- Don't hesistate on this one if you're even considering it.P.S. Do your future self a favor and buy the Deluxe Edition for the included OST, too- It comes in both mp3 and lossless formats."
76561198144216292,Recommended,517710,33637320,Posted: 18 July,all,Sun and Rainbows,"Dope AF. Fast AF. Takes me back to when i was a young ♥♥♥♥, ♥♥♥♥ing around with F-Zero and Extreme-G."
,Recommended,517710,33734723,Posted: 22 July,all,✅3xpl0its,8/10
76561198398471721,Recommended,517710,33677681,Posted: 20 July,all,MacheteWolf,It's the best at being fun and difficult at the same time. Expect flashbacks to the F-Zero days.
76561198048331337,Recommended,517710,29854339,Posted: 11 February,all,Ralts,Love it! the music is epic
,Recommended,517710,28611712,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Wrath,"Fast.Fun.Challenging.From the first test build I played back at EVO to the current build of the game this dev team never ceases to impress me.Plenty of content, great machine variety, and challenging Career mode to make this one of the best racers I've seen on steam in a while! A must buy for fans of the genre."
76561197970558615,Recommended,517710,28617488,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,BBBrox,"Better than I expected.  Everything I wanted from a super fast, crazy track, WipeOut style racing game.I think that if you enjoy Wipeout type games, then you'll enjoy this.  It is pretty much exactly what you can expect from the trailer.  Plus... a FREE DEMO to try too.    I tried the demo and realized that yep, the devs seem to have done it right.Oddly though...playing in VR doesn't live up to my dreams.  I think Radial-G is a better VR racing game (the 'tube' track world works great in VR).   The Redout demo actually let you try the VR version also.   Even knowing that I probably wouldn't be playing a lot in VR, I still needed to have this game.  (Who knows, maybe the VR will grow on me).Great game.  Recommended.Happy racing all."
,Recommended,517710,28616962,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Reality Spasm,this fast paced whipeout tribute will test your reflexes and probably give you a seisure. 10/10 still play.5 times harder in VR.
,Recommended,517710,25429077,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Hydra.a,"Imagine Wipeout but faster, harder and with a higher skillcap.That's what this game is.And I love it."
,Recommended,517710,25384951,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Lurkz,"I love WipeOut and this is as close as you can get to a modern WipeOut on Steam at the moment. It has a few minor issues (first races have angry rubbery AI issues, some stuttering in VR from FX), but all in all it is fun to play... FEEL THE SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEED :D"
,Recommended,517710,25386129,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,On3iRo,"Finally a good AG racer again. I have been on the lookout for a game like this for years. Where Formula Fusion is bland and unfinished this game has the polish a good WipeOut clone deserves. Music, handling, tracks and speed are amazing. The graphical style is pretty unique, but I can see how this might be unappealing to some. For me this is the best racing game in years."
,Recommended,517710,25467622,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Doge,The best thing about this game are how the unlimited FPS works on a high refresh rate monitor but also there's a really complex racing gitgud included.
76561197964866568,Recommended,517710,28617030,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Crusader_bin,"So far the game is good as it is, but in VR - it is damn amazing!In first person perspective it is fully playable, maybe even better than normally!Fell like a freakin live torpedo-man! Damn!I highly recommend, my VIVE finally has a game that can ACTUALLY BE PLAYED DAILY!F- YEAH! :DDo I recommend this game? FFS YES! ESPECIALLY for VR!"
,Not Recommended,517710,27385932,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Akka,"You will get bored of this game very fastThere's 4 tiers for every car type.http://steamcommunity.com/stats/517710/achievements/Only fifteen percent of people even reach halfway through the campaign mode to break into the third tier. 85% of people, the OVERWHELMING majority get bored and quit.Tracks only occur in 4 Mario-themed background environemnts: Dessert, Jungle, Ice, and lava.Every track is the same copy pasted theme. Jagged corners, some of which you can't see over crested hills.The real killer here is the turning. These machines grip absolutely NOTHING like in any game I've played before. You will slam into the corner of every wall whether you want to or not. Even the highest level players can't avoid contacting the walls.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8s0BtP_57AEven the best fall prey to them. It's absolutely maddening to tap the corner, lose your speed, and watch as the AI speeds on past you. You can always hit the brakes to navitage the corner, but even then the AI still breezes past you like nothing.The hp of your ship slowly regenerates over time, so long as you don't incur any damage. In most tracks this means you don't recover any hp at all since you're married to the wall.I've played and am a huge fan of F-zero GX, Wipeout, and even Extreme G all across mutliple generations. Redout is a frustrating variant of these games with a control scheme that prohibits the player from navigating turns properly.You're denied the experience of even seeing the Jungle and Volcano levels until you grind for hours like an idiot. Enjoy only seeing the desert and ice themes since the other two are locked behind nearly impossible races.I really want to enjoy this game and its graphical splendor. Breakneck speeds tearing through winding roads in flying machines with kickass music is hard to mess up. The poor turning and controls against imposisble AI is a dealbreaker."
76561198053074633,Not Recommended,517710,25874571,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,estomail,"Very unbalanced difficulty. I could manage the first 13 levels without major problems by upgrading my ships, everything fine. But the 14th level ""Coast Pure / Abbruzo: Bridges"" is just not possible. Tried it a lot of times with different fully upgraded ships but I have absolutely no chance to get a better position than 5. Just not possible, no matter what I'm doing. And I don't see anything I could improve at all. That game definitely ends here for me (and I'm nobody who gives up early - I completed Darks Souls III 4 times). Nice game in general but that imbalanced difficulty level destroys it."
76561198017946533,Not Recommended,517710,32797158,Posted: 25 June,all,Dogishappy,"No HOTAS support, and keyboard controlls feel off for a game of this type. I tried using buth a 360 controller and the steam controler but neither feel natural as i am constantly moving my thumb from boost to the joystick for the strafe mechanic. my pointer finger is also easily fatigued by games that require a constant press of the shoulder buttons. From an accessability stand point alone, i cannot recomend this game."
,Recommended,517710,25464831,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,AYOMEN,REDLINE
76561198012027144,Recommended,517710,25564923,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Darkronis,"Best Pod racing game ever! any one that complains its to hard can go suck on a lollipop, im sick of the easy mode games of the present gen."
,Recommended,517710,25498685,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,FunkyFinzy,"Very solid arcade-ish antigravity racing game in the vein of Wipeout (that I actually remember playing on PS1 back in the day). Runs smooth, looks gorgeous with a style that sets it apart, controls great, and the difficulty is challenging and actually requires you to learn the tracks and handling properly. It's not too difficult once you get the hang of it though. It doesn't have weapons but you do get powerups to slow opponents down (or other benefits like turbos), doesn't feel like it needs them though. Very few games like this for PC so far. Soundtrack is alright too."
,Recommended,517710,30286927,Posted: 2 March,all,Mergoyle Skoyle,Gotta go fast!
76561197970556559,Recommended,517710,35167496,Posted: 23 September,all,Purrrrrrrrrrrr,A fantastic anti-gravity style racer.Good ThingsLots of eventsUpgradeable cars/shipsA weird post apocalytic settingand the bad thingsSome of the music is straight of the 90's techno music (And that is terrible)Some events will require multiple tries to win.
,Recommended,517710,32339037,Posted: 11 June,all,PXG John,"Would totally recommend based on the fact it definitely feels like a WipEout game, but the issues still stand with controlsand the unforgiving AI. It's okay. Definitely not worth £26.99 but it's definitely a WipEout game of some sort."
76561198087997174,Recommended,517710,28326309,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SonStarWind,FAAASSSSSSTTTTTT ITS FAST!!!!ALSO GET IF YOU LIKE FAST THINGS!!!GIT GUD GIT FAST!!!GIT FAST GIT GUD!!!OVVVEERRDRIVEE!!TUUUURRRBBBOO!!
76561198037080732,Recommended,517710,25388744,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Gentleman,Outstanding. The best anty gravity racing ive played since wipeout. O had to refund it coz my pc only could run it at 20 fps/ 25 fps.  Ill insta buy it when I buy a proper rig =D
76561198064480010,Recommended,517710,28592414,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tom Renegade,I made a full video review with the HTC Vive and without.You can check them here if you are interested!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AV-7t5vNogwThanks for watching!
76561198013931021,Not Recommended,517710,25925785,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ultra_vi0lence,"Short and sweet;The game was great when it was released, had piles of fun. Sadly, they've jumped on the nerf train, like so many development studios seem to do just enough time after release when you can't get a refund. Nerfing speed upgrades in a game where you're supposed to drive fast (ISTR this being the reason the developers said they didn't want to add weapons and be like Wipeout) -- makes great sense. The game might be fun again if the developers get in touch with reality. I somehow doubt it, though, if they thought the changes in the last patch were a good idea. Perhaps if they spent more time listening to the players, and less time making banal, unentertaining meme videos for the patch releases..."
76561197976193117,Not Recommended,517710,25915224,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,MANDRAC,"The game is really nice, it plays well, feel great and sound great. However the dificulty of the game is extremely weird. Some race are extremely easy and all of a sudent the dificulty turn insane. Once you reach the jungle level the game become near impossible and if like me you're not an extreme tryhard ready to redo the same race over and over and over for hours until you master that particular track with pixel perfect trajectory then the game end here for you. It's sad really."
76561197983346586,Not Recommended,517710,32727618,Posted: 24 June,all,sauros1,Returned it.  I bought it for VR but immediately got the impression it would be better on a normal high def monitor.  You're going so fast there's no time to enjoy the textures or look around with your VR headset. Also the low resolution of today's VR headsets means that the textures are very pixelated creating a strobing effect as you drive which adds to the nausea.
76561197993668194,Recommended,517710,32875541,Posted: 27 June,all,Barbar O'Rhum,Speeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed !
,Recommended,517710,29755697,Posted: 6 February,all,Gnarlison,10/10
,Recommended,517710,32929092,Posted: 28 June,all,eX1ar,good♥♥♥♥♥♥9/11 would fap again
,Recommended,517710,32875758,Posted: 27 June,all,Xocezert ☑,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPLrwqd4eXY
,Not Recommended,517710,25353056,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,St1mpy,"Okay, my first review wasn't very helpful apparently, so here goes again.Do not buy this game for the Vive support.If you liked WipeOut, F-Zero those kind of games, and are fine playing it on a monitor, then I recommend it. You will enjoy this game.But if you saw the Vive logo, and want a proper game in VR as opposed to the many short experiences available,this is not itVive support is lack-luster. There is no room-scale here. It is a seated experience with no motion controls. A wireless gamepad is needed. Loading screens appear like a sticker stuck on a bike helmet, and random spurts of the VR dashboard.This game is badly optimised for VR. Whilst my PC can run 4k content, it struggled on the Vive with many settings turned down.Extreme Motion Sickness.I am not being dramatic by saying I had to recouperate in bed after playing this game. If you know or have achieved VR legs, then maybe you will be able to handle it, but I ended up with sweatiness, nausua, itchiness, dizzyness. I have played many other VR experiences just fine, but without a constant frame of reference, it just made me feel sick. Not pleasant to play at all.No 3rd person view at all. This game is 1st person only on the Vive. The ship designs may be lovely, but I had no visbility of my own ship.Notice I haven't said anything about the gameplay itself, but that is not why I am writing this review. I was able to manage 17 minutes before I needed a breather."
76561198144057137,Not Recommended,517710,32710101,Posted: 23 June,all,Ostler,"Visually everything looks like plastic, there's no depth to anything.Tracks frequently lead into blind dips or obscure visibility around corners making the game more about track memorisation than anything else.Ships are poorly balanced with no sidegrading.UI being fixed to crafts with no option to just have an on-screen UI is dumb.Soundtrack is pretty neat, though."
,Recommended,517710,32330464,Posted: 10 June,all,KrK ColeusRattus,A quick look at Redout in VR:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tifumD0gDTo&feature=youtu.be
76561198020934519,Not Recommended,517710,25557707,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,leqesai,"I wish I could recoomend this game. It really is pretty awesome. There are some fundamental problems with it, however, that push me over the edge a bit when debating whether or not to recommend.First: The difficulty is ridiculous. I feel that this game is hard not because the tracks are difficult but because the enemies are just not scaled very well. Early on you're clearly being outclassed by better ships. At least that's what you think. But when you go back to earlier missions with better stats the enemies are just as unforgiving.This leads me to believe that there is an in-built rubber banding AI. This is a complete garbage way to make the game difficult.Second: The sensetivity of the joystick (maybe its just my controller) feels really ""off"" in the menus. I've never really encountered a game where the slightest nudge on the joystick makes menu items tick. What I mean is, if you're navigating the options menu and are going up/down you need to be really careful to be straight up/down. Any slight deviation will result in a diagonal input which changes settings. This is an annoying little problem I have with the game but is worth noting nonetheless.I think Redout has some serious potential for being a fantastic game. Hell, it really is a great game. Except for the horrible AI. Oh yeah, the forced time trial stuff and general padding of the 'career' mode is annoying as well. There's a lot of the game that kind of works against itself. It shines when racing against others but has you doing solo stuff pretty frequently. You get boosts early on that don't even work until getting to the appropriate races.One other thing that is a gripe (though not really a fault of the game. More of a ""I wish it was like XXXX""). I've not encountered any races so far with very many racers. The description says it is like F-Zero. Where are the 30 person races?"
76561197993437321,Not Recommended,517710,32795496,Posted: 25 June,all,Carm3D,"Where's the beef?I was sooo close to being thrilled with my purchase.  The feel is great (though not perfect), the sense of speed and music is fantastic.  The chunky polygon aesthetic is not my thing but I was willing to overlook that if the gameplay was there.As of writing this review, the game's Steam store page says this:""Redout is a tribute to the old racing monsters such as F-Zero, WipeOut, Rollcage, and POD.""It is misleading to mention Wipeout as this game has no offensive weapons!  What a disappointment.It would be like me telling you I was going to prepare you an authentic italian pasta meal and then give you a plate of cooked pasta with no saurce on it.Also while turning in the cockpit view the craft does not bank turn anywhere nearly as much as Wipeout does.  Refund requested."
76561198002076509,Not Recommended,517710,25943580,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,superwinkel,"Love the game, but the developers keep tweaking the difficulty. Upon firing it up today I found that my class 4 and 3 ships were noticeably slower. Not to mention, despite nearly perfect laps, I can't break out of last place. About a week ago I was really digging this game. My placement within races was satisfying, and if I ever ranked low I always felt like it was within my grasp to try again for a better position. Now the difficulty has become soul crushing.The game is awesome, but untill the devs stop screwing with it I'm done.At that point I'll come back and write the positive review I want to post for this game."
,Not Recommended,517710,25644957,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Darthluke,"Reviewing this from a VR experience. Its not the pod-racing experience i thought it would be. Even in VR you are stuck in a 3rd person perspective. When you do switch to the closest thing the game has to a 1st person perspective, you are not sitting in a cockpit of anykind. mroe like you become the ship. Im running this game using a GTX 980, and its still to fast for me to keep up with. However, The game is extreemly fun when you are playing on the regular screen, fast paced, reminds me a little of Track mainia, just a little more.... flowey I guess. The ships are hard to control, but fun to master.Summary: The VR is disorienting and disapointing, dont buy it just cause you want to race in VR. But playing it on a regular monitor is fun, just not $35 fun."
76561198042030755,Not Recommended,517710,29493904,Posted: 25 January,all,DarkKatalyst,"Redout is both a frustrating and fun game, although often times more of the former. The maps in Redout are poorly designed, and the only way to stand a chance is to memorize them. There are many important points to make where the track designs fail:Randomly placed verticality mechanics exist in most maps, requiring to steer up and down, sometimes while steering vertically too. Some of these parts of the tracks are marked, others are not, making it a poorly communicated mechanic. Failing to adhere to this mechanic cause damage and slowing. Verticality controls are a completely unnecessary mechanic that just adds bloat, confuses the player, and disrupts the racing experience.The maps do not match the handling of the vehicles. The prime first example of this is a track called Kamsim, where at the end there’s a 180 degree turn that is impossible to make without scraping the walls. Similar flaws are found in almost every track, and increase in frequency the higher the tier. Even with ship stats maxed out, brushing against or slamming into walls is a common occurrence.Hills going up and/or down sometimes obstruct sharp turns. This makes the game feel incredibly unfair, and requires memorization of entire tracks to minimize crashes. Notice I said minimize, because again, some turns are realistically impossible to make without slowing down.Which brings me to my fourth point, does this game want me to slow down at turns or maintain my speed? This isn’t communicated, and slowing down punishes while also disrupts the experience.Arrows are inconsistent with their communication, and don’t properly distinguish sharp turns from slight turns. There is no clear indication to the player if they should begin drifting, or just make a small adjustment. Now imagine this in combination with point 3.In the higher tiers, the tracks form an enclosed tube that makes navigation impossible and leaves the player spiraling out of control. The lack of control means that when the tube opens up to a flat normal track, luck appears to be the main factor that prevents the vehicle from flying off the track.Finally, some maps are so busy in aesthetic design that they can obstruct the track, and/or cause one to lose sight of where the track is up ahead.There are some good things to say about Redout, mainly that the few best designed tracks are very fun to play and provide a reasonably fair challenge to master. The vehicles also feel very fluid in their handling, although the default input controls are unintuitive. Even the Classic setting for input controls don’t make sense because the triggers for drifting are inverted. The settings don’t save after closing the game either, and after some digging I saw that this has been a problem for a month, and while the devs do give instructions for fixing it, it is embarrassing that such a basic problem exists in the first place.Redout has power ups, but they are mostly useless, confusing, and poorly designed. A single power up is equipped before the race begins, and it can be rarely used since they seem to be tied to the energy system that allows boosting. Using the energy to boost is often more valuable than the powerups. If you are coming into this game expecting fun powerups that can be grabbed while racing, you will be disappointed. Personally, I am very unsatisfied in the power up system and would have vastly preferred a system like WipEout’s.Depending on the tier, AI are either really bad, or so good that once they get ahead, catching up is impossible. Since traditional power ups don’t exist, races in Redout quickly turn into a struggle to drive as efficiently as possible to overtake opponents.Redout needs to undergo many changes and improvements before I consider recommending it. To sum everything up, 34BigThings needs to rethink many of its mechanics, adjust tracks to be fair (or increase every ship’s handling much higher than what is current), reduce the visual noise and obstructions, introduce proper signage for the intensity of turns, and have a hard look at their AI. I would also love to see the power up system to become a more traditional one, because it would add a lot more variability and excitement to races."
76561198032075412,Not Recommended,517710,31853173,Posted: 19 May,all,sephrial,"Spent 90 minutes trying to play this game on the HTC Vive.  It's so frustrating that it won't let me change my view in the menus, so unless your room is pointing in the right direction, you cannot play this game.  Not sure why the developers couldn't add a keyboard shortcut like Elite Dangerous to fix this.  To make matters worse, going into the main Settings menu and ""trying"" to click on the button to Recenter View did nothing.Soooooo....yeah, really cannot recommend this one for the Vive!"
76561198025063844,Not Recommended,517710,32831972,Posted: 26 June,all,edshugeo,"Game freezes on start with VR on HTC Vive. Doesn't appear to be a universal issue, so my recommendation is, if you like the demo and purchase the game, play it to make sure it works, so you can refund it in time. Not unusual for me to buy a game and then let it sit in my library for a while. With the 4.8 hours list in the stats above, not sure that was the case here, as that's a long time to spend on a demo.In any case, the demo was fun, but can't recommend the game, until I can actually play it."
76561198045518868,Not Recommended,517710,33428447,Posted: 10 July,all,BigJowls,"Great game BUT I Bought for VR and it looks ABYSMAL. It's like a completely different game. I do enjoy it on PC and think its great and would recommend, however Its pretty unplayable on VR. The colors look pretty bad, graphics are blotchy and it doesnt feel like a first person racing experience. Also seems slower on VR (probs so people don't puke idk)."
,Not Recommended,517710,25771414,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Mumra,"Fails to capture the glory of WipeOut. The last WipeOut I played was WipeOut HD and in the end I had everything unlocked, and gold in almost every event. Yet in Redout I can't even quality in the very first AI race. I know it's supposed to be challenging but please, a little difficulty curve to ease players in before things get faster would't hurt. Secondly, the VR support (which I partly got this for) is awful. The game doesn't switch to the correct FPS for the Vive, you have to manually adjust it if you don't want to feel completely ill. Loading screens have no perspective and so mess with your eyes. A lot of text is unreadably small. In-game the HUD is just plain positioned wrong, HUD stands for Heads-Up Display, yet I have to move my head too see important details like the boost bar. Refunding this one sadly."
,Not Recommended,517710,28025665,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Superchomp,"This one isn't VR-ready. To my eyes; it feels like you're looking around a projection ball instead of being present in the VR elements. Having to use a gamepad instead of the Vive motion controllers disconnects me further; I may be sensitive but after 3 laps on the test track, I wanted to barf and still do."
,Not Recommended,517710,30210104,Posted: 26 February,all,siddNullus,"Frustrating ""grind"" physics leave little to enjoy in a racing game that requires twin-sick precision and perfection.   The difficulty curve is very high, even for seasoned gamers.  I can't recommend this based on the time investment this must take to achieve even basic competency."
76561198059817003,Not Recommended,517710,29743848,Posted: 6 February,all,jazzcath,don't buy it AI is horrible frustrating as hell
,Not Recommended,517710,31907135,Posted: 22 May,all,Aphex Pesuto,"It's unfortunate that I can't recommend this game anymore, since it's the closest thing to a PC version of WipEout we'll ever get. Or F-Zero.I really love this game, the vehicles look great and amazing, but the stats don't seem to matter much, especially when the AI still manages to be somehow faster than you. Yes, even if you're in the fastest vehicle, with max upgrades available. The tracks look amazing and beautiful, but my eyes can't take any of the beauty in, when all I'm concentrating on is that AI that's somehow still in front of me, even though both of us are curbstomping the competition.See a pattern? Even in WipEout, you could win through sheer skill, even with gimmicky vehicles, but this game? Good ♥♥♥♥ing luck beating one specific AI that somehow manages to finish a lap as soon as you hit the second-to-last lap. I don't know if the game is just buggy, or it they're try to make the AI be challenging, but when a whole race hinges on whether or not a single AI racer decides to somehow travel faster than you ever could, rather than you versus 6 other racers, I just can't find this game enjoyable anymore.Most of the reviews are just praise and don't add any constructive criticism to the game's systems, but when the AI literally makes it impossible to attain a gold medal, cause it decides that only one AI racer gets to be a challenge, while the remaining 5 just get to sit back and be useless, is beyond me.Until they fix that, I just recommend you get a PS4 and get the WipEout collection whenever it comes out, or better, just emulate the PSP/PS1 WipEout entries. Or get a cheap Vita and play WipEout 2048. There's better (and much more fair) AGRacing games out there than this."
,Not Recommended,517710,26293010,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,⎛ SnowLured ⎞,"This is NOT Wipeout. Not even close. The controls are sluggish, tracks are chaotic in a bad way, and I think the huge difficulty is present as a result of poor design, and not the intentional result of creating a game which is as hard as this is. It's a cool concept, but after the first couple hours it all goes to pot.I'll check back in in a couple months, but since the tracks themselves are a part of the problem...I don't see this game's difficulty and game design being fixed. Stranger things have happened though.tl;dr Wipeout HD was a hell of a lot better..."
76561198076419523,Not Recommended,517710,28688436,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Big Al,It's not much fun when you're the only one playing online.. :l
76561198025303605,Not Recommended,517710,30895426,Posted: 2 April,all,Jaximilian,"I'm very annoyed with this game.I want to love this game, but I cannot get my game pad controller to work, and so I've been forced to play with Vive and keyboard. It's awful and I hate it. If the gamepad would work, I would probably play this constantly.*game pads: ps4, steelseries wireless/bluetoothThey work with Steam Big Picture mode, but as soon as the game starts, it completely ignores the gamepad."
76561198072667963,Not Recommended,517710,28339610,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,patrickmac110,"I somewhat enjoyed it, but I feel that it's a bit too fast to control the vehicles well and I'm not sure if it's just the limitation of resolution from the ""screen-door"" effect or not enough AA or just too many flashy colors, but I can't make out things in the distance well in order to calculate how I should steer the vehicle. If these are things they're working on, I feel it's worth the asking price in the future!It is a great game and I think it's getting better (everything is new in VR, and constantly getting better as devs learn)"
,Recommended,517710,25412625,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Tek,"Disappointing. Shallow.The graphics are high resolution but low poly, so there's not really much sightseeing to be had. The online mode is doomed to fail, since success is locked behind playing the single player Career mode to unlock powerups or at least better ships, without which you're just going to be cruising in last place all the time. A game flying under the radar like this can't afford to limit online multiplayer so badly. No wonder each lobby is like 3-4 players at max, only 6 days after release. The game doesn't even populate the remaining player slots with AI racers.It's all just such amateurish game design. Yes, you can assemble a video game, but do you have the insight, the vision, the direction? At least one of you needs to be an idea guy who understands what makes or breaks a game.The game itself is a rehash of WipeOut. It looks the same from a distance, but when you inspect it from close, you see several things missing. There's no twisted tracks with breakneck curves to master. There's no style, just low poly nondescript environments. There are no pickups, only pre-equipped power ups. There's nothing much here for F-Zero X fans, either. It's a straight WipeOut clone.This game is just a bare bones attempt at cashing in on PC players who have heard of, or maybe even played a good console racing game before and are eager to have something like it on PC. Indeed, a PC player could be tricked into feeling excitement at the modest speeds and difficulty offered in this game.However, if you played one or two games like WipeOut HD, Jak X, Crash Team Racing, Burnout 3 or NFS Underground 2 like me, you'll find absolutely nothing new, exciting or invigorating in Redout. And even for those PC folk who want a racing game, I'd sooner recommend DIRT Rally, than this pointless little game.And a message for the devs: The low-poly, smooth environment really defeats any sense of speed you tried to convey. Without complex geometry to speed through, there's going to be a lack of adrenaline."
,Not Recommended,517710,28869563,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,fzeroman,"Game could not run at start of raceGot FATAL ERROR in game engine each time,Got no help from 34bigthings on the error.Had to refund the game and was very disappointed i couldnt play it."
,Not Recommended,517710,33236672,Posted: 4 July,all,Goyo,Not for VR. Don't even try.
,Not Recommended,517710,29776431,Posted: 7 February,all,Fritjof,"Terribly janky for a VR game. I don't usually get VR sickness, but Redout managed it. (GTX 1080, i7-6700, 32gb ram)"
76561198011725453,Not Recommended,517710,25514686,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Hobio,have to refund. this game is no where near what i was expected. no sensation no dynamic feeling.
,Not Recommended,517710,28632603,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Phreezer,"First impressions:I'm pretty let down. This game should be listed as partial control support as it seems to only support the xbox 360 pc controller. I have a logitech F310. Not only that, but as of right now, it's impossible to remap the controls...in 2016.I bought this game after watching a couple gameplay videoes and got very excited. (I wooke up christmas morning and it wat the first thing on my mind in fact). I love the genre. I WANT to love this game, but until the devs implement some control freedom, I gotta give a thumbs down. Players shouldn't have to find something like the x360ce emulator to control this game..."
,Not Recommended,517710,31460421,Posted: 30 April,all,Qopzeep,"I want to love this game, but it's just too flawed.TL;DR:the game is buggy, laggy and it's track & game design choices are badly thought out. It's not a VR version of WipeOut, if that's what you're looking for.Set-up: Vive & GTX 1070.Vive and WipeOut, two of my favourite things. I was so hoping for a VR version of Wipeout. I would get a PSVR for that. But then they announced it wasn't going to happen (yet). I cried. Then I started to look for alternatives, and found Redout. Is Redout the VR racing app that WipeOut fans need? The answer:no. Not even remotely. Here's why:Bugs:This game has a few. For instance, when you choose a race from the track menu, the track will start loading. But ouf of the corner of my eye, I can still see a part of the track menu. It's as if they stuck a huge, grey rectangle in front of the menu. Another, nauseating bug: after you finish the race, you get a scorecard with your results, etc. These cards are super jittery, they jump every few frames. It's not a tracking issue: I have no problems with this in any other game, nor within the other menus of Redout itself.Menu layout:Speaking of menus: the menu layout of Redout is confusing. If you select the menu to view the controls, the control scheme is projected away from you, making it harder to read. Not game-breaking, but totally unnecessary. There are load times between the different menus. I didn't figure out I even had the option to choose other verhicles (the menu item was unclear), until I spent all my money on upgrades.Optimisation:I have a GTX 1070. Granted, it's not the best of cards, but it certainly holds its own in every game I have (I don't have super sampling enabled). This game lags to♥♥♥♥♥♥when you either go a) really fast, or b) fire any weapon that comes with an animation. Seriously, if I fire my EMP gun, the framerate drops to below 25 for seconds, which is nauseating. I went into the graphics settings to see what they had picked for my card. Surprise:they hadn't set any default values for my card!Everything was on 'epic' or 'high'. So I put everything on 'normal', but it didn't make an ounce of difference. As soon as I fired my weapon, gone was my FPS.Track design:This is ultimately the worst flaw of this game. I loved playing WipeOut because its tracks were clear, well-thought out and super tight. It was your own fault if you screwed up. Not so for Redout: tracks are confusing, they change color, directional arrows are placed in weird spots and they don't really tell you anything about the sharpness of the curve. There are flashing lights everywhere, the tracks makes unannounced turns, there are disorienting portals. It's just a mess. But it doesn't matter anyway, because:Tactical driving:Or better yet, the lack thereof. You simply don't have to do it. I just kept my finger on the acceleration constantly (except for a few hairpin turns) and just used turn & strafe. ""But what if you bang into the walls?"" It rarely happens if you strafe correctly, but even if you do, it doesn't make much or a difference. In about 15 races, I died twice. Your health regenerates so fast, it's not a problem. Oh, and I won most races, the rest were silver medals.HUD:This may be a personal issue, but why on Earth are we sitting on top of the front part of the vehicle? I want to sit inside the cockpit guys! DUH! I want to feel like I'm driving the thing, now it's just a weird version of Playstation 1 first-person view. The HUD itself is strange too. All your metrics (health, energy, speed, position) are too far to the edge of the HUD. I can't look at them, because it takes my eyes away from the track. Whenever I want to check my position, I crash. It's dumb.Lack of powerups:Therearepowerups in this game, but you have to buy them before you start racing. And then, you can only equip one active (guns, shield, etc.) and one passive powerup (better grip, acceleration, etc.) at a time. There is nothing to pick up during the race, you have to stick with what you've chosen. There are these weird force fields you can fly through during the race, but it's not at all obvious to me what they do. They don't appear to regenerate your energy, nor do they give you a noticeable speed boost.Loading times:Full disclosure: I didn't install the game on an SSD, but on a 7200 RPM disk. So that may have something to do with it. But everything has a loading time. Not just the tracks: if I go to the options menu, there's a loading screen! If I go into the racing menu, there's a loading screen. I don't get that.Even though Redout has its merits (vertical loops!), I cannot recommend this game. Hopefully, it will get a massive update in the near future, but I'm not holding my breath. Playing Redout made me realise (again) how excellent the Wipeout series is, and that it takes a lot to make a racing game great."
,Not Recommended,517710,29310641,Posted: 16 January,all,philosiraptor117,multiplayer is totally broken
76561198048784817,Not Recommended,517710,29772465,Posted: 7 February,all,wizardpower,only vr game I played where I felt sick. Dont just buy for the vr setting.
,Not Recommended,517710,33724265,Posted: 22 July,all,Joost,"Nice graphics and looks polished, but it's rather boring in single player. There's an extensive carreer mode but there are so many tracks and I get them so quickly after each other that I never really feel like I'm improving or trying to get better. Just an endless series of easy maps.There's a special mechanic where one stick is for steering and the other for strafing. Interesting, but after playing for 3 hours I still have no idea how to use that usefully. I just press both sticks at the same time at all times and it gets me through the carreer easily. I assume this mechanic is interesting for pro players, but for beginning players it seems like it might as well not have existed.Also, cheap and weird deaths at jumps and tubes."
76561198324937640,Not Recommended,517710,25404540,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,BroteMcGoat,"VR capabilities are not there. Yes the trailer and concept are amazing however Redout simply doesn't look or feel good in VR. Even with max graphics settings on the Vive, the menu screen alone is too blurry to make out half of what anything says. On a monitor, sure, this looks and plays great but I'd still wait for a price drop."
76561198025441373,Recommended,517710,32886158,Posted: 27 June,all,NitroGuy,........................
,Not Recommended,517710,26051481,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tyroil Smoochie Wallace,I think this game might be damaging my eyes as I can't play for more than 15 minutes in VR without bad headaches and it looks like I am playing the game with a sheet of cellophane wrapped around my face.There is nothing for my eyes to focus on properly and the text bluriness is the worst I've ever seen in VR.
,Not Recommended,517710,33038832,Posted: 30 June,all,HIGA2,Underwater chrono
76561198027012404,Not Recommended,517710,25333998,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Starglider,"I really wanted to like this game, I thought, ""At last! someone has done a modern version of wipeout 2097!"", but my thoughts soon turned to, ""oh dear, ummm ok not like wipeout 2097, nooooo!"".Cornering:Wipeout had air breaks, this has a brake and you usually slide into the wall or slow down and move into last place due to turning too much.Feel:It has this hover, glide, glass feel to it, no controller shakes on collision with opponents or walls, it just feels too smooth it lacks the clunk, the tactility that Wipeout 2097 has/had. Sound effects don't have the contrast they need to be on activation to enhance the feeling also.Controls:There is no controller vibration on collision, turn left and right is fine, nose up and nose down is a waste of time, it's just slam it all the way up or down when something interesting is coming up. They should have built Wipeout 2097 and then if they were going to change anything gone from there.Sound:The music is fine, effects are lacking, they are a bit flat. Colliding with the track barrier or other vehicles for example doesn't really give you much notification via sound.Gameplay:One minute I'm first, next I'm spun round facing the wrong way, in last wondering what happened there? The AI needs work. I like the desktop camera angles available to you, they are fine and what I've come to expect.GUIQuite good considering it's Unreal Engine 4, GUIs from UE4 tend to look all the same but I quite like the way they done theirs.Graphics:Looks good, can't complain there, nose up and down grind effect could be done better.SummaryThe game just doesn't have any feel, it's an over polished demo of some good and bad vehicle models being moved around quite nice looking tracks. Cornering sucks, AI sucks, it lacks any feeling which is sad as it's got the speed. Sound effects are bland and blend into the background, there's no controller sensation. Wipeout, if you hit a wall you had the clunk of metal and thud noises. Crashing in Redout conveys as much a sense of urgency as a mouse click, needs controller rumble, needs different sound effects for crashing and collision and scape, they need to be way louder, collisions should be tactile, not smooth as butter or instantly overkill with a full 180 spin which happens in 0.01 seconds. I can’t see myself coming back to play this over and over like I did with Wipeout 2097.ADDITIONAL 04/09/2016Ok, I've just spent a little time with the game in VR and well here's what I found (My spec GTX980 i7 @4Ghz 16GB Ram):1. Menu area was showing signs of stutter, dropped everything to normal was fine then2. Camera positon wasn't as bad as what I've read in other negative reviews3. I didn't notice much stutter in game, only happened a few times and it was nothing to really bad4. Opponent overhead tab titles, there something seriously wrong here as I don't think they are in the correct location and the sterescopic rendering for them is incorrect as it makes my eyes go crosseyed if I am close enough to them, verry distracting and irritating5. Effects of going through full wall things also have the sterescopic rendering issue (or whatever you call it), it's incorrect and makes your eyes go cross eyed.VR SummaryI really wish I hadn't watched a developer interview for this game as the guy was saying stuff like it's the best VR experience he's ever had and how amazing it is, as I was expeting the best and what I got subjected to was something that was far from it. If they fixed the sterescopic rendering bugs and do a bit more optimisation maybe a 6/10 for a VR but then it comes back to the actual game which is... well see review above... My best VR experience is still Asseto Corsa."
76561197988877429,Not Recommended,517710,25360521,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Zorgster,"The game looks nice but needs some refinement.At first I was havuing issues with the game freezing up randomly and then refusing to load at all. I reinstalled the game and then it seems the problems have gone, so it must have downloaded incorrectly the first time.The game doesn't seem to have any difficulty adjustment and the defauilt difficulty is way to hard at the beginning. While playing so far, I have only been able to get a bronze on the first level and can't get further than 4th place on the second level. Getting 3rd place (basically Bronze or higher,) is the minimum place to finish in order to continue. Considering the fact I am usually pretty good at racing games, it shows the difficulty is set way too high. This is going to put off a lot of people and as it stands right now I can not recommend this game. The difficulty of the game either needs toning down a bit or having some kind of adjustment possible.Unless you are a real hard core Gravity Racing fan, I would not suggest you buy this game in it's current state.EDIT: - After writing the review, I decided to give it another try and the game is refusing to load again. It really needs fixing. In it's current unplayable state I have no choice than tell you not to buy it until the problems are rectified and I am going to have to request a refund. It's a shame as I was actually looking forward to playing this game."
,Not Recommended,517710,31877189,Posted: 21 May,all,dr_esamamer,I didnt enjoy the game graphics or the control system. I think that the developer asking price is quite high for such a game that simply lacks in graphics and controls.
76561198060502104,Not Recommended,517710,32313856,Posted: 10 June,all,iightfyre,"Meh.  I was hoping for more.This is not as visually stunning as people claim.  I have a top end PC and yes I play with SS at 1.5.  But it still just doesnt look that good.I fired it up, gave it an hour and probably wont go back.  I loved Wipeout in its hayday and was hoping this would bring back serious nostalgia but it simply didnt.If I want to race, I'll load up Project Cars instead.  I feel it is superior in looks, feel, customizability and controls."
76561198237735502,Not Recommended,517710,33442502,Posted: 10 July,all,kyle.murray100,Making this game work with vive controllers so you don't have to sit at your computer would be incredibly easy. My PC is outside of my play area so this game doesn't really work. Honestly any game that makes you use your keyboard while wearing your VR headset is idiotic. I am returning this and will rebuy if vive controller support ever happens.
76561197976985427,Not Recommended,517710,34708606,Posted: 3 September,all,fla56,"DOESN'T WORK / MULTIMONITOR SUPPORT BROKEN-from the forums this has been a problem for 1yr+, not the best way to impress your high-end users(!)"
76561198115883601,Not Recommended,517710,29072808,Posted: 6 January,all,Gmork,"nauseating, impossible to play."
76561198090444266,Not Recommended,517710,32979975,Posted: 29 June,all,Mr.OldSpiceGuy,"super fun  but the community is dead, and bots can only take you so far :/"
,Not Recommended,517710,25337351,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Rambo-Mc-Mut-Nutts,"I had high hopes for this only for it to be shattered on the first few races.The game just somehow feels wrong, the handling is like pushing an ice cube on glass. There doesn't fell like any skill is needed. The tracks feel uninspired, being really dull and lacklustre despite it's somewhat pretty minimal visuals. Way to simplistic for an anti-gravity racer and in all honesty it really feels like an over blown mobile game."
76561198037182574,Not Recommended,517710,25465753,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Gorokron,"Opens up a black screen and SteamVR reports it as the special edition ""RedOut: Unresponsive."" Pretty good VR Title."
76561197970796649,Not Recommended,517710,25385010,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TomNewDelhi,"i bought this expecting wipeout... its not what i was hoping, The game runs well maxed out however i felt it looked a little plain, the whole VR side of it was pretty lame, yes i could look up and left or right but i didnt really see the point, there was no ""in the cockpit"" view, just what i call bumper cam and then chase cams.If you like racing games i would suggest another title. this to me wasnt all it appeared to be in the screen shots.."
,Not Recommended,517710,25398085,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Truxton_Dogyuun,If you are used to Wipeout and Expect wipeout dont buy this! It's not handling like wipeout. The handling is super confusing and weird. The AI is sometimes faster but significantly faster at the end of the Race. Shame i was hoping for Wipout HD in 2016 grapics but got bummed out. I hope i will get the refund-_-
,Not Recommended,517710,25464438,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Sacrieur,"This game is nothing like Wipeout. There are intentionally no weapons, and I overall found the game mechanic of redouts to be annoying, not challenging.It's a pity a game with so much potential was ruined for me by a couple of critical game design decisions."
,Not Recommended,517710,25339453,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Tetrajak,"While the game certainly is the best spiritual successor to its inspirations currently available on the market, those of us who like a difficulty curve for the purposes of learning will be sorely disappointed. Be warned; this games AI is merciless in its perfection from the very start, and there is nothing you can do to adjust that to your liking. Where the Wipeout series had different speed leagues and (later) the ability to adjust the AI difficulty, this game has only one speed and only one AI setting, both of which are unforgiving. If you think you were good at any of the games it lists as inspirations, you're a lot better off than anyone who has never played them; this game is not for newbies to the genre, and it scoffs at even the most experienced Wipeout players.TL;DR I got a refund for this game as it suffers from game developers getting too good at their own game and setting the unchangable difficulty to extreme."
,Not Recommended,517710,25366909,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,nbranch1311,Game literally made me sick. No cockpit view which would have helped with sickness. Controls are kind of weird.It really is like wipeout or f-zero but i personally could not get used to the sickness... and im not even a motion sickness sort of person
76561198160723419,Not Recommended,517710,26189322,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,tornwingss,"got a refund on this one. The videos look great, but in VR even with all the graphic settings on max, this game looks like it was made for windows 95.  probably a great game to play normally but if its the VR experience that you want i dont reccommend this one at all."
76561198031997765,Not Recommended,517710,31498872,Posted: 1 May,all,phosvfx,doesn't work - crashes - don't bother
76561198372483279,Not Recommended,517710,32925351,Posted: 28 June,all,Rich Cassini,They should not call this a VR game because it needs a keyboard and manual controllers - extremely dissapointing when you have an HTC Vive - unplayable without a keyboard - waste of money
76561198083991760,Not Recommended,517710,25717807,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,kangaskon,not the type of game I would recommend unless you wish to break your computer the controlls are unresponsive and very awkward (even with an xbox one controler) this makes it hard to dodge walls witch dramaticly slow you down the courses do not help in this matter since they constantly jerk you about producing large amounts of lag making it almost imposible to tell where next wall is going to be. also if you slow down a little bit or die it is almost if not imposible to catch up to the AI. The only redeeming factor is the art design which looks like a basic collage level game disigner and programing and let me tell you that I know more first year programers that can do a better job than this and it will run better too.
76561198141983663,Not Recommended,517710,32098846,Posted: 31 May,all,kotaiviktor117,"If you want WipeOut on PC, look somewhere else. This is an F-Zero reboot, has nothing of Wipeout's dynamics and feeling."
,Not Recommended,517710,25319913,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,DExUS,"for VR - NOOOOOO  , the game was not designed ground up for VR, and it is not a good VR experience.for standard display, YES , game is good and feels like our beloved wipeout with few twists."
76561197970252486,Not Recommended,517710,25337884,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Esop3D,"Being a Wipeout fan back in the PS days I was excited to see this game. But, after playing was disappointed. For me, this game feels stiff and very static. I don't get the sensation that I'm actually controlling a vehicle like this, it's more like a roller coaster ride? Without a chance for the tracks to present a challenge... I got bored fast. This is by no means a bad game, it's just not what I hoped it would be."
76561198123957774,Not Recommended,517710,25684878,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,adjeepnavy,I bought this game for my HTC VIVEI have a top spec pcIntel I7 6800kGeforce GTX 1080 founders edition64 GB Ripjaws ramGigabyte Ultra X99 MoboLiquid cooling3 SSD Drives 3 TB totalI am running this game on Epic settings (the highest) This game looks like Sh*t in VrI have been involved in Vr since oculus announced the DK1 I have the DK1 DK2 CV1 and HTC VIVE I know VRThe graphics are absolutely terrible in VRyou can find better graphical racing games on the DK1 I am not joking in the slightest.This game is nothing but a cash grab for VR. This game is complete Trash in VR DO NOT BUYIt is DEVS like this that give VR a bad name.
76561198313713939,Not Recommended,517710,35107768,Posted: 21 September,all,437583973,"The female voice sucks,ship design is terrible."
76561198086495372,Not Recommended,517710,25330226,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Dani,"I know I've played it for not too long, but I immediately realised that this games is not for me (hence, not for players like me)All I've seen while playing was a plethora of lights, rays, sparks, etc. Didn't understand what was going on or why as for example, on racing though the loop on the first unlocked circuit. Every time I passed through it, everything went dark and there was some lightings hitting the ground coming from nowhere. Crazy and confusing racing which I guess is what many players wants, but definetely not me.Then, the camera options were quite simple and dissapointing to me. You can choose a lower POV so close to the ground you can't see anything. Then, another view from outside top of the vehicle and finally another one which is almost the same but a bit further away. It's a shame not having a cockpit view on a VR game.Would I recommend it? I'd do only for players whom love this genre. Unfortunately Steam only allows me to judge between Yes or Not, so thinking only on players with my profile (have a look to my library to see what do I like to play), I can't recomment this game."
76561198046327342,Not Recommended,517710,34864882,Posted: 10 September,all,Beloved,Broken game.
,Not Recommended,517710,25337183,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,V3G4N0,"Can't play this game on a triple monitor setup (5760x1080), the FOV is terrible (very close) and there is no way to adjust the screen resolution."
76561198008075082,Not Recommended,517710,25470806,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,adanathel,"Attrocious difficulty curve. The controls are bad. Even with the guide not matter how much you improve your time you cannot even take a position besides the last in the first race. It is like nobody play tested this thing. There is no sense of progression, you never feel you improve since no matter how much you do the A.I. will still always be better than you. To bad because this had potential...I really have no idea why people like it. It is nothing like wipeout, it is nothing like F-zero....There even if you were attrocious player you could have fun. This game is completely different on that respect.There is absolutely no sense of satisfaction in the beggining at least. And i am not going to risk the ability to refund just to find out if this changes later. I have no idea what they were thinking not giving a player some slack at least at the start..."
76561198027629519,Not Recommended,517710,26052600,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,kor-khan,worst vr game I ever seen.need tons of improvement.
76561198080192258,Not Recommended,517710,33104988,Posted: 1 July,all,helios.vmg,"The tracks are too twisty and the steering is too unresponsive to do anything but slam against the walls constantly. It's impossible to find a race line because a lot of time the visibility is too poor. It becomes just a memory game because no one can react fast enough to the turns.It's a shame, because otherwise the visual style is pretty and it really enhances the sensation of speed."
,Not Recommended,517710,25319578,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Puppymang,"I really wanted to go fast but found it difficult to do so. The game has a lot of content locked for the sake of progression which is fine but none of the upgrades seem to be specially impressive. The biggest game changers are the higher level vehicles and you have to pretty much grind races to gain levels in order to unlock them, if you have the money for it.As far as performance goes it looks great and runs smooth using a freesync display at 144Hz.specs: i5-4690k, r9 390, 16gb ddr3 and i was getting about 100fps on average.My only issue so far is that vibration doesn't work, if its there at all, with the xbox one controller.If it was 15-20 dollars I would recommend it but seeing as the online is already a ghosttown and a lot of stuff is locked behind grinding I'll have to refund it for now."
76561198007742882,Not Recommended,517710,25373560,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,bfg001,unplayable.
76561198001217584,Not Recommended,517710,29894289,Posted: 13 February,all,alex,terrible graffics
76561198006086629,Not Recommended,517710,25327301,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,АлександрНевский,"Pease of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Never buy it for VR. Totally unoptimized, resolution for a tetris screen, 3d effect doesn't work on various interface screens and this makes me sick"
76561197977267103,Not Recommended,517710,31713869,Posted: 12 May,all,Conspiracy Theory,"Am a lefty & play all games left-handed.I dislike anyone or anything that discriminates against Me or Leftys in general (especially if some sjw tool says its immoral or illegal for me to discriminate against communists, dodgy Immigrants, Feminazis, Zionists, child-molesters or gays etc)...So I cant find REMAPPING Controls for this game.I connected a Logitech GT Wheel.... But nothing happens, and I cannot find re-mapping for it....... that would not be so bad......BUT.... the Devs have had the time to knock out some DLC without considering the controls issues FIRST.So, with a heavy heart, DownThumb this game. Am unable to enjoy (Thumbs up) a game I cant play."
76561198044826349,Not Recommended,517710,28543136,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Burnered,Few words as possible - mostly boring and nothing new or great about it especially with this price tag.
76561197995317762,Not Recommended,517710,28739628,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LooseButthole,In the demo you race against yourself you don't even have AI opponents. I don't know why they would hide the basic element of racing- competition.... It's super boring. This demo sucks.
,Not Recommended,517710,25357217,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Frontier Proctologist,"Not sure why they ripped off Star Trek, and has potentially exciting gameplay, but I feel there could've been more done.Daring Shortcuts, wider tracks, obstacles...Great for F-Zero nostalgics, but that's a little bit of a niche isn't it?What about us Sonic R lovers?Also, you can't start a race immediately, you have to wait 120 seconds,even if both pilots are raring to go. Can't skip it.Sanic Ball will forever be the racing game for me..."
,Not Recommended,517710,25310552,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Vic20,"Woooboy, this game makes me sad/happy. On the one hand its got all the art style and music you'd expect or want from a wipout clone and handles really well, but damn if the resolution in VR makes UI and anything more than 50 ft (in game scale) ahead of you a low rez mess! I want to love this game, but it NEEDs a rez boost or better AA, because the so called ""Epic"" level AA present in the game is anything but!"
76561198032002202,Recommended,517710,30517540,Posted: 14 March,all,Nah Yeah,"*First Impressions*If you enjoy wipeout or F-Zero you will enjoy this game. It has the same feel in terms of race tracks, sound, and general theming. The control scheme i think works well for the game, but doesn't feel as tight as something like the old wipeout games where each turn required good use and timing of air brakes. This is something i would like to see improved upon but really is a minor issue in comparrison to an otherwise great game so far.Highly Recommend"
76561198047576698,Recommended,517710,30792412,Posted: 28 March,all,Gorgen Trui,"Amazing racing game.  Best racing experience I've had since the demise of Wipeout!I have loved pretty much everything about it except one thing.   There is this infuriating situation that keeps happening :  When you hit another ship or it hits you, often it make you do a 180.   Drive me nuts.The rest was amazing, lots of races, cars and modes, fantastic music, etc.  Very challenging too, but fair.  You get better when you start knowing the races and it gets very technical when you go fast enough to get redouts and blackouts.I am now done with all the gold medals, but discovered late game that there are platinum medals, so it's I still get to play some more even if I'm technically done with all the events.Loved the game, go buy it!"
,Recommended,517710,30699787,Posted: 24 March,all,[M337],"came for the speed. stayed for the speed.edgy crafts and high speed races will make you enter a whole new dimension of speed.did i mention its fast?well its hella fast.gameplay is smooth and streamlined (and fast)leveling up the ship is easy, all the ships have their own playstyle and mechanics, find your own style.career mode is very easy yet challenging for unprepared players(pick the right upgrades), online community and gameplay is great too.no bad players and no salty encounters (so far)its fast.its easy.its good.10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,517710,25386733,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Petchalxande,"Fantastic game, a worthy Wipeout successor!"
,Recommended,517710,25386833,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Nailcannon,"This game is intense. I have been playing it on the Vive. The sense of speed is immense and the aesthetic is gorgeous. The career mode is very good at getting you adjusted to the learning curve until eventually you're careening at full speed through the huge winding, curving maps flying by the seat of your pants. I actually have to take breaks from playing because of how much my hands hurt from strangling my controller during the insanely fast paced races. Taking a set of turns perfectly at full speed feels awesome and there is a very high skill ceiling.The variety of the ships is nice, and I love the low-poly simplistic visual style. The game features four tiers if racer from a good variety of ""companies"" and each ship can get rudamentary upgrades to each stat, with an upgrade system that allows you to fully flesh out any aspect that your ship is weak in.My only complaing with the game is that I'm getting a lot of artifacting on the vive. It doesn't occur on the 2d monitor version. But in certain fast paced areas like the parts where you're nose it pitchine down very quickly there is an annoying flickering. This may be a limitation of my hardware(4770k/Fury X), but turning down the graphics settings helped a decent bit.If you're a fan of this type of racing game(Similar to F-Zero and Whipeout), this game is for you. It truly is a worthy successor of the genre."
76561198013769765,Recommended,517710,25387094,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Poulpe Friction,"Based on the hour and a half I spent on this game, so far so good.The difficulty is off the charts (which is good, I did not expect the AI to give me a hard time on the first levels), the handling takes a bit of practice but is excellent, and the game is FAST !Keep in mind that the racing part is what made me buy it, there are also powerup races, but I found them to be more based on ship improvements rather than pure attacks.Recommended !"
76561198035582174,Recommended,517710,25379741,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,project25011,Feels good to support a futuristic racer on PC. Looking to more content.  Hopefully Micro Transactions and FTP mechanics don't rear their ugly head.
76561197961091790,Recommended,517710,25382144,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,StoneFish,"Really want to love this game.  It's very close to being what want to have in a Sci-Fi VR racer.Sept 2016SETUP: Vive ; Alienware 51  B class rig with 980Ti ; Xbox one controller ; no tweeksGOOD: Feeling of speed ; Field of view ; AI ;  level of difficulty ; Menu interface ; OptionsCOULD USE A TWEEK:1.Contrast of track visuals to background visuals (very hard to focus on vital info vs. eye-candy) and it's all coming at you very fast.2. ""Flight feeling""  The feeling of mass is not quite there.  Between turning the ""wheel"" 20% and 50% feels like a dramatic change in the handling of the craft.  Again Mass of craft does not feel like a real craft.  One feels as if we have to learn the way the programers are thinking vs how a real object would handle.  This seems most apparent when aproaching a turn with the track highly banked.  One expects the center of gravity to move to the floor of the track but the craft still slides around further than expected.3. Track visuals ;   any ""S"" curve is a mess of visuals.  The track at times seems to melt into inself.  The border rail will appear only when its too late to avaoid.  You just can not judge any proper appex. The translucent textures are bluring with the textures behind them.I did try tweeking the options.Don't get me wrong.  I enjoy the game. But I feel as if the race feel would be great if..... just the track was in a black void   or,  Track surface did not constantly change color and texture. Yes, visualizing and memorizing the track is part of every racing game, but now I feel as if I have to memorize the second turn as red with blue streak down the middle , turn back when blue streak changes to purple and you loose focus of the whole track when getting to close to the blue border wall,; unless the border wall turns red, then just get ready to hit the boost after the craft comes to a stop because you are going to hit the wall.ah.  Sometimes it really is fun to race within an acid trip kaleidoscope, but at other times, YIKES.Final thought.  BUY this game.  Its fun and trippy.  If you like speed and a learning curve this is for you.  If you smoke a bit of weed I image this would cause you to loose track of what day it is.The people that built this have done a great job and should be supported.  Everyone gets better at what they have a passion for, and you can feel the love that was put into this.;Add mass to crafts;Track colors should be a seperate group / dir from background colors;eat more fruitStoneFish"
76561198101362595,Recommended,517710,25382203,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,CarletoFromMars,"That's an amazing racing game, for those people who like speed and crazy tracks, I really recommend this EPIC game <3 Besides that the soundtrack is also fantastic!"
,Recommended,517710,25380896,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,skinneejoe,"Good game, however it needs a tutorial built in. Took me a while to understand what a redout is and how to use the pitch and strafing effectively."
,Recommended,517710,25405966,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Arulas,Now this is pod-racing!
,Recommended,517710,25406880,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,FERNANDO,"Everything I could have wanted out of a modern AG racer, with my only complaint being how much the AI can rubberband.  Devs are also being pretty receptive to feedback so that might change in the future."
,Recommended,517710,25475385,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Infernicus,"OH MAMA I'M GOIN FAST. Put on some eurobeat and grab your tofu boys, we're goin in hot. Best racer I've played on steam."
76561197970426139,Recommended,517710,25476218,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Toran Blackwater,"8/10 - Finally PC got its very own WipeOut!Redout is pure speed paired with excellent controls. Thanks to the design decision to make this racer a low-polygon game you’ll get an impression of speed that’s hard to be found elsewhere. Thanks to the incredible speed and the beautiful UE4 effects you’ll hardly notice the low polygon count while racing. The physics of the Anti-Gravity (AG) racers feel right too, a thing most WipeOut clones failed to do. Push two magnets together and you get an idea how a hovering AG-racer should behave. 34BigThings got it right!Breaks? Who needs em?!Kudos for the course design too! All courses are carefully build with one goal: you don’t need to break to master them. The precise and reactive controls allow you to steer and strafe (an active slide to the left or right). By skillfully combining these movements you can master sharp curves without a touch on the breaks, a very satisfying flight experience (like a hairpin in Rally - just much, much faster)!I highly recommend a controller to master this beast of a racer. While mouse and keyboard are okish, you struggle to maintain all the controls with the same precision of two analog sticks.With Redout PC players finally get a worthy AG racing game. The sheer speed is just breathtaking. After my first 30 minutes I took a little break and played Forza 6. In comparison, chasing over Bathurst in a Porsche 959 almost felt like driving through a residential zone.Positive:Extreme speed and performanceExcellent steeringAdaptive/dynamic SoundtrackRacer upgrades and racer mods7 different race types, 20 tracksModerate priceNegative:No Resolution settings, the game uses desktop resolution as standard (might be a problem for some users), can be changed manually in ini. Will be fixed with an upcoming patchHigh learning curve: the game starts at incredible speed right away and so do the A.I. racers. On the other hand they don’t get much harder on higher tiers.(34BigThings will address this is an upcoming patch and slightly lower the AI difficulty in the starting tiers)Controller functions are not fully customizable (there are three controller layouts)Played on:i7-2600k, GTX970, 16 GB RAM, PS3 Controller (with DS3 tool)"
,Recommended,517710,25475830,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Tory,ai is op punishes you for using break/pitch to turn.multiplayer is basically dead.controls are good.music is ok7/10I prefer emxtreme G style.
,Recommended,517710,25459977,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,gumkus,"Wow factorFast. Really fast. With bright, imaginative visuals this game feels like what I imagine going into orbit duct-taped onto a rocket high on LSD must be.VR game?And I have not tried it with VR yet (a little scared of this experience, to be honest).Seriously - if you are like me, and skip over VR games - this is a complete product on its own. It is very pretty on a standard monitor, and performs very well in my case (gtx970, max settings).RacingOn top of its frantic momentum, it is a very satisfying racer, with a good variety of event-types. At times, the challenges require enough thought to earn a 'puzzle-game' tag, which adds to longevityControlsGamepad recommendedHow I enjoy itIt keeps me focused on the screen. It is very attention demanding, but has a very good flow, which ends up relaxing me. Great for 5 minutes, still great for 2 hours of intense racing. If you want to put everything around you on pause get immersed in something head to toe, go grab this.SharingGot my finacee (non-gamer) to try it. She does not know how to use a controller (and this game uses both analogue sticks), and still got into it improving lap to lap. Game does not hit you over the head with tutorials, but applies same basic as regular driving when it comes down to principles on taking corners etc. Plus, the speed and visuals make it attractive enough to keep trying to improve.PriceVery cheap for what it has to offer. I probably will be comming back to this every now and then, even after my initial infatuation wears off. For now - I'm still hooked.DownsidesA pretty shallow progression system, with no customization (same progression path for all vehicles) - not much of an RPG. varied tracks and events make up for it."
,Recommended,517710,25432941,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Parseccc,10/10. That's it.
76561197961168784,Recommended,517710,25436382,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,n0qtrnL,Sci fi racer which doesn't resort to cheap tricks like 'blast your opponents with lasers'. You actually have to race. The gameplay and music screams 'F Zero and Wipeout had a kid'. I will buy any DLC they put out for this game. 34 clearly 'gets it'.tldr: OMG just buy it.
76561197971896207,Recommended,517710,25445100,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Xenotone,A better Wipeout game than most Wipeout games
,Recommended,517710,25447605,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,madskater5,"Amazing game that achieves exactly what it is going for. If you like the games the description references, you will love this one. Really satisfying driving and level up experiences. As soon as I hit play, I couldn't put this game down for hours. Highly recommended if you have been looking for that arcade racer that we have been missing."
,Recommended,517710,25380567,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Senfgurke,"After a few hours of play I can savely say, that this game lives up to the hype around a real F-Zero/Wipeout successor. The sense of speed in this game is absolutely stunning and is a lot of fun.The tracks are well designed. At the wormholes that connect different parts of the tracks and at other parts there seems to be a bit of a framerate drop, even when I lower the settings (when everything is on lowest, it seems to work most of the time, but c'mon!). Also I have to say, this game is quite hard. And it can be frustrating at times, when you fly a perfect round and then some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AI rams you from behind and you lose everything...And now, the biggest flaw of them all: IT HAS NO SPLIT-SCREEN YET! Now, I know, the devs have confirmed it to be released in a later patch, but SRSLY wtf? This game is MADE for split-screen!So if you are like me and want to play this in split-screen, maybe wait a bit until the patch is out. For everyone else, that loves F-Zero, Wipeout, etc. I can recommend this, if you can overlook the minor flaws..."
,Recommended,517710,25342328,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,lazybin74,"okay, I'm going to change my review here.first I couldn't get Redout working in my Oculus, when I start this game from desktop icon but later when I launched this game from SteamVR, I was able to see screen from my Oculus. ( I got some error message so had to remove HMD once and re-insert)so I would say, it still has some compatibility issue but can get it working.there are other game that I couldn't run in SteamVR although it say it working.. so perhaps this is better than those (Detached for example). anyway, so far, Project Car on Steam shows best compatibility and hope that Steam and developer can do better on Oculus interoperability over time"
,Recommended,517710,25344672,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Marika Tachibana,Best racing game I have seen so far!Its FastIts FunIts Stunning10/10 Would Win Again
,Recommended,517710,25346284,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,zumi,"Only recomended with caveats, it's worth a try if you like the genre. I refunded it as I just didn't enjoy it, but I don't think it deserves giving it a negative.I really wanted to like this and quickly persuaded myself to buy it. However, Wipeout HD Fury is agame I played the crap out of, and hence is the yardstick. Redout controls very well and I appreaciate the skill ceiling; it's not hard to get into the flow of things, even though the slowest ships are much faster than Wipeout's. I didn't play enough to explore all the tracks admittedly, and it's good there are differences to Wipeout in the control, but I'm finding myself really missing the other modes and setting up jumps with your pitch, barrel rolling everywhere to chain up the boosts and clearing massive sections of track.To be completely honest I'd prefer to play HD Fury again. Redout looks far more up to date graphically, but having gone back to see videos of HD Fury, the backdrops are better and it doesn't look THAT that much worse considering how intensive Redout seems to be. My 660 is getting long in the tooth, but I had to drop down to 1600x900 windowed to get sold 60fps with most things on normal and epic view dist. I've seen sub 40fps hits in places. It doesn't look that perceptively worse at lower settings which is good.Unfortunately, to me Wipeout HD Fury is simply a more complete game, which I hope is a point that Redout can reach eventually.Some other minor negatives are the lack of resolution options in the game, it has custom resolutions, windowed and borderless available in the config files only. More detail on what the graphics settings actually do could be useful, eg. for post, High and Epic appear to add depth of field and ambient occulsion respectively. As it's a game you need a controller this is being VERY picky, but mouse control in the menus would be nice. The music is fine but not as good as Wipeout's always was."
,Recommended,517710,25339103,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,VRxTonyxDe,So wow it's fast its immersive it's pretty sweet..  Controls are a bit tough to navigate tight turns without crashing but that's probably on me.. I'm a crappy race gamer lol.. All in all I most definitely approve
,Recommended,517710,25337772,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Inspector Spacetime,"This game is really great, however, I am going to preface this POSITIVE review by saying that I would NOT recommend this game for VR. I have a Vive and I very rarely feel the effects of VR sickness. I can see how some may get sick easily in this game, though I have not felt any sickness while playing it. However, that is not the issue. The fact is the low FOV of the game and low resolution of current gen VR hardware make this game much more difficult and a lot less enjoyable in VR. The sense of speed isn't nearly as apparent and it is much harder to do well as you cannot see very far ahead. It runs well (for me at least) and the visuals are fairly clean but I still do not feel like VR is the big seller for this title–just a novelty addition. I would not buy this game if I was looking for my next VR purchase.Now to the positive. This game is awesome. The sense of speed, the slick controls, and the sheer skill required make it instantly worth the purchase. It's not your average racer. As someone who has played only a little bit of F-Zero and never touched Wipeout I am finding this game absolutely incredible (if it matters, my favorite racing game was Burnout 3 on the PS2). It runs buttery smooth and the aesthetic is excellent. The soundtrack is amazing as well, sort of like a souped-up psy-tech-trance groove that meshes perfectly with the gameplay and is enjoyable to listen to. There is a ton of content and plenty of different vehicles to fit a variety of playstyles. There are also plenty of tracks with very unique and interesting layouts. It is a game that makes me actually want to TRY and get gold medals and not just accept a slow time that allows me to simply progress through the campaign. Right from the first race I was hell-bent on improving my time around the track and I am normally not super perfectionistic.Generally you can expect a single race to last from 2-4 minutes depending on the mode, map, and your skill level.You absolutely NEED a twin-stick controller to play this game. The controls are great but an xBox controller is definitely the way to go. There is a fairly comprehensive options menu and several different controller layouts, however the default is very intuitive.IF you are looking for a fun, fast, and intense arcadey racing game, this is definitely a viable option and I would heartily recommend it. A+++ 34BigThings"
,Recommended,517710,25337064,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Flatline,This game can feel really awesome! Since the game sadly does a bad job of teaching you this: start turning before the curve and drift towards the outside. Once you get the hang of it even slightly this game becomes way more fun.
76561198021674276,Recommended,517710,25367156,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,snierke,"Yes! This is it! Love this game. Love the graphics, love the handling of the vehicles, love the tracks. Reminds me of Wipeout from the PS1 era."
76561198035632819,Recommended,517710,25719940,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Haymaker,Feels FastLooks SharpRuns Great
76561197998510258,Recommended,517710,25549924,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Ash,"Outside of F-Zero I have never played the games Redout was inspired from. The thing is, you don't need to. This game is amazing all on its own. Difficult but fair, and fast as all hell. Perhaps one of the fastest racing games I have ever played. The minimalist anesthetic works perfectly and some of the tracks really are works of art. A few minor glitches but the devs seem to be working on that. Solid 9 out of 10. Worth every penny. Fun to play on massive amounts of caffine."
,Recommended,517710,25556460,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,One Eyed Slugger,Great GameVisually Appealing with brutal but rewarding difficulty
,Recommended,517710,25534981,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,MacHaggis,"Definitely the best twitch racer I played in a long time. If you like games like wipeout and f-zero, you wil love Redout.Really crazy map design and the game manages to keep surprising you with new stuff as you progress through the campaign. Awesome soundtrack too."
76561197991594919,Recommended,517710,25535853,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Acenan,"I have been waiting a long time for a successor to the PS1 Wipeout 2097, and this is definitely it. Unmatched speed and control."
76561198067130955,Recommended,517710,25535880,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Jimboheppy,"With ~6 hours in this game I found that the immediate learning curve was quite forgiving until I reached the class ii races, where I found that any event with demolition disqualification to be very grindy, either because I needed to buy a new racer or play very cautiously, often finding myself being destroyed halfway through the last lap, not to say that's entirely bad.Pros-Fast gameplay-Fun variety of tracks-Nice variety of racers-Great progression system (Buying and upgrading racers and powerups in tiers)-Lots of game modesCons-Too much wall damage-I need to get gud"
76561198047627788,Recommended,517710,25510478,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Quicksilver7514,First and foremost this game is a breath of fresh air in a very stagnant racing genre. If you are like me and loved the Fzero and Extreme G racing games of old then you'll love this. Don't expect some futuristic racing simulator. This game is all about speed and lots of it. You will need to have lighting fast reflexes though in order to get the best times due to the fast bends and the requirement to pitch and tilt your craft at the same time as steering in order to minmize damage and keep your speed up. Last thing to note there is the option to pruchase upgrades to your ships passive abilities and weapons along with the ability to purchase faster and stronger ships with money you win from races. Enjoy!
,Recommended,517710,25446855,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Canon,"The game is great. It's a beta but it's still great. There are bugs with it, though it seems most of the common ones have solutions which you can find on the bugs section of the discussion.The gameplay is like the racers in the 90s. Fast paced, brutal and futuristic. I've been looking for a game similar to Extreme G2 and this is the closest I've gotten in years. Watch the videos, if it looks like you'd like to play then get it. Everything you need to know is in the videos."
,Recommended,517710,25532170,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Child in Time,"Best game this genre has seen in a long time.  The speed is so tremendous that I litterally have to catch my breath after holding it for so long while playing.Some critiques, though:I dislike the racing vs AIs. It is difficult to describe, but it feels much less interactive than Wipeout despite having active powerups.  I don't feel that I'm actually racing against anything.  It is simply just another time trial with ghost cars instead of time benchmarks.Tangential to this, in the campain, there are several events that I don't care to play.  The maps and pods are so perfect that I just wanna run time trials and speed runs. Unfortunately, the campain has very few time trials and mostly features (what I would consider broken) races.  So I am forced to play the same few time trials to unlock all the other maps.Lastly, the campain releases new maps in layers that roughly correspond with your racing tier.  However, it is never smart to play these maps in the tier that debuts them because they are often very technical and requre practice in a lower speed tier.  I wish they had just released time trials of these maps in a lower speed tier first so you could work your way up while still earning campain credits.Other than these logistical issues, this game is near perfect.  Buy it and have fun!"
76561198070528367,Recommended,517710,25533467,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Slaylem,I'm not too far along yet but I'm having a blast! I struggled the first day because I just could not understand how to steer my ship. It turns out that you have to use both sticks. There's a really helpful guide on the community for this game so make sure you give the user who posted it some props after giving it a read. It changed everything for my ability to stay on the track. I went from consistently placing last to almost always taking first or second. The game is really fast-paced and runs well on my somewhat dated rig.
76561198061083316,Recommended,517710,25454640,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Sun Levi,"Awesome visuals, fun to control & intense racing! More features & content would be nice but overall it's a fun game to play!"
,Recommended,517710,25410559,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Lexa,"So far, Redout is everything I'd hoped for from a modern AG racer. It's like the handling and some of the style of Wipeout was married to the insane speed of F-Zero and this is the result. It looks absolutely gorgeous and the feel of the controls is perfect. The track designs are great and fun to get to learn. I'm not too far into the game yet, but the difficulty curve seems pretty good so far. I like the fact that there are different powerups available to mix up the gameplay but none of them are particularly frustrating to be hit by, unlike the offensive weapons in Wipeout or kart racers. Nothing gets in the way of the fluidity of the game.Only downsides at this point: graphics requirements are pretty high, the post effects can sometimes obscure the gameplay and make it hard to see what's going on, and there's no customisable controls (just three preset control schemes). A few people have commented on rubber-banding, and it seems like there is some, but not enough to feel unfair. The tracks are totally linear, and I miss the split paths and open areas that were sometimes found in Wipeout, but overall their design is outstanding. Gravity is basically ignored; the tracks loop and twist everywhere.Overall, I can't recommend this enough. It's exactly what I wanted."
,Recommended,517710,25482498,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,AaronVonBaron,"10/10 gameI have been trying to find a game like the old Star Wars Ep.1 Pod Racer (1999) and this is it!Racer heath, control of pitch of the engines, and visuals make this game stand out! Love it!"
76561197996510348,Recommended,517710,25341837,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NoZart,"Revising my review to reflect what i have learned.Yes you can test drive vehicles before you buy them - it still feels clunky to test drive first and then again ""seriously"" after you purchase it. Just unlocking the vehicle classes would suffice and make progression snappier.Some things still are not up there and the controls persist to be an issue for me as a wipeout veteran, but the game has one redeeming feature which raises it above: VR support. Today i played it on the Rift a bit and for antigrav-racing and VR fans there is no contestant out there to this game - the speed and the winding tracks are really exhilerating. This is one of the few games on Steam that offer VR support and feel like a full blown game with appropriate amounts of content and a progression system. A third person cam of sorts would be nice.Else, some issues with controls (no free button mapping) and uneven AI and the music can feel lacklustre sometimes (it misses that adrenaline pumping oomph) But all in all i recommend this game as a VR-Title because of the visceral speed feeling you get."
,Recommended,517710,25481170,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Herms,"This game is not for casual racing game players.There is not difficulty setting on the AII see a lot of people talking about them ""rubberbanding"" But they don't realy do that, They just don't fogive your mistakes, no mater how small they may seem, if you take a corner to wide, if you don't manage your boost well, if you bump a wall, they will pull away.This game is fast, and unforgiving. I LOVE IT!It looks great it feels great and its difficult all aroundPros:-Fast pace, don't blink type racing.-Beautiful visuals from start to finish on every race-Nice variety of vehicles to choose from all with upgrads and new appearances-20 tracks and a ton of different race modes for each one.-Challenging game play with a new approach to cornering and hills-Great sound track and SFXCons:-Very difficult-The game throws you into the mix with no real direction (this i could personally see as a pro but that just me)-unforgiving AI-Will not run while my ark server is running in the background.-I have heard the VR isn't the best but haven't personally tried it. (Don't much care for vr in any game any way)Overall, if you love racing games and you love a challenge, I can't recommend this enough. If you are easily frustrated by Challenging unforgiving AI you might want to avoid it."
,Recommended,517710,25477210,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Turner,"Do you miss Wipeout or F-Zero? If yes, buy this game.A clone of neither of those, Redout is a unique take on the genre. Amazing sense of speed, heaps of race types and campaign missions, 6 vehicle manufacturers with a unique ship in each of the 4 speed tiers (total 24 ships), and online multiplayer.The race type 'Boss' combines heaps of segments from different tracks into one huge 3-4min lap track. It's so much fun.AI are a bit wonky though. Annoyances at their best. Complete chumps at their worst. They never feel like real competitors."
76561198028069407,Recommended,517710,25626303,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Kominous,"Fast, fun and beautiful. Absoultely worth it."
76561197979810963,Recommended,517710,25614638,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Jona.in.pdx,"For VR, this is it.  Probably the absolute best archade racer in VR right now. If you love rollercoasters, you will love this game in VR.Motion sickness has not been an issure for me at all. But I've done some pretty hard core flying in real life. That said I've run into real motion sickness on some titles. Not this one, but it is super intense playing this game. And it's fun.The graphics in VR look nice with little issue. And the controlls are unique and there are 3 otions for the way you controll the ship that suits your style. I went with the L & R side drag brakes on the triggers. It make way more sense.Other games like this are Radial- G which is also really fun, but a lot more neon and black. The Redout world makes a little more sense. And the colors are nice."
,Recommended,517710,25615586,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Verrin,"Wow, okay. This was a surprise, and threw me back a little. This game is an extremely competent take on the AG formula, and it came completely out of left field. And from an unheard of indie developer no less. Just colour me humbly impressed that there's still indies out there that remember what fun games look like.I'm a huge fan of the AG racing genre, where in my (probably biased) opinion the pinnacle so far has been WipEout HD. That game is probably my favourite of the last ten years, and it's one of the few games I was proud to have the Platinum Trophy in. I still boot it up once in a while to this day, and it's the only reason I still own a PS3, or even turn it on. But this is definitely a genre I've always wanted more representation on PC. And I've been patiently waiting for Formula Fusion to come off the back-burner.But let me tell you, with WipEout HD starting to get close to a decade old, I still haven't seen a more modern take on the genre. That is, until Redout. It seems it's not a well-loved style of game, which I assume is because these kinds of titles don't tend to be terribly accessible. But they're extemely rewarding and they only get more fun and satisfying as your skill improves and you master the art of cornering and strifing.Anyway, I'll stop reminscing and get to the point: this game has been tickling me in all the right places. It'll probably be my addiction for the next few weeks.Pros:+Interesting and tight control schemeNOTE: Anyone complaining that the ships pilot like a wet bar of soap really don't understand this genre or that there is method in the madness.+Great performance (100+ FPS on EPIC settings)+Rock-solid stability (One of the few games lately that has been the opposite of a crash-fest)+Great art style, simple yet eye-catching+Plenty of tracks and track variety, especially within the same biome+Great but fair progression system, which is usually what these kinds of games lack+Plenty of game type variety and plenty to do in career modeCons:-Combat is a little muted, due to being limited to one type of offensive power-up-Online mode seems to be strangely and unfairly balanced-As far as I'm aware, there is no advanced manevring, such as side shifting or barrell rolls-Single-player difficulty balancing seems a little random at timesAll and all, this is probably the best stab I've seen taken at the genre in recent memory, It was more than worth the asking price. Any DLC for this game is a guaranteed purchase from me, and I want to do nothing more than support and encourage these developers.I think Formula Fusion has a real good competitor here, and they beat them out of the gate."
,Recommended,517710,25623054,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Thorvald,"I hope this games becomes eSport.It has been such a long time that we got a real fast-paced racing game. As an old fan of POD, I recommend this title.It is easy to get into it while keeping a huge skillcap."
,Recommended,517710,25614273,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Koriknight,"So i bought redout (returned it because at the time my pc was acting up with this game only, found out it was my graphics card sad faec) 2 days after it came out because the trailers and gameplay sold me.In my short time of playing, I really enjoyed the game. Its an adrenaline-rushing Anti-Gravity 3D racer that is beautiful in every way. The graphics, flawless. The music, a perfect match for the gameplay. Speaking of gameplay, its hard, like REALLY HARD. I haven't played an AG racer in a while so I got my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me on the first level.But its very rewarding. Nothing beats that feeling when you finally get that gold medal, when you master drifting out of tight corners and burn the boost, when you get 1st AND HOLD IT TO THE END.Its a hardcore game, an artpiece in my opinion. Is it worth the cost? I believe so"
,Recommended,517710,25638855,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,martino187,"As a big fan of Nintendo's F-Zero I really hoped that this game would not disappoint and it didn't! I really like how the hovercrafts are handling and there is this great feeling of speed and control.Great graphics and a good challenge overall, totally worth the money!"
76561198052845748,Recommended,517710,25585128,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Zeldaicflame,"As a previous F-Zero fan, no so much WipEout, this is a fantastic Anti-Gravity racer.The dual-stick controls took me a little while to get the hang of, but after that it's been fantastic, the game looks great, and runs very smooth, at least for me.At first I was also a little concerned about powerups and equipping items, as F-Zero doesn't have any items, but they don't actually have as huge on effect on the racing part of the game. Losing a race doesnt feel too much like luck. Not only that, there are ""pure"" races that disable powerups."
76561198010901437,Recommended,517710,25406436,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,shredtilldeth,"*Edit. They patched the difficulty and the game is pretty excellent now. Below is my full, original review BEFORE the Sept 9th Patch #1. As of now I'm very happy with the game and have played 12 solid hours of it. There DOES still seem to be a big difficulty ramp between class 2 and 3, but that might just be me sucking at the game.Original review below:This game is SO CLOSE to what I'd hoped it would be. The gameplay is great. The controls are awesome. I really like the ability to upgrade stuff and the powerups. Graphics are very cool, soundtrack works great. Game works great on my nowadays lower-end computer even at full graphics!Still, as others have said the difficulty on this game is ALL OVER the place. The VERY FIRST race you go through is tough as nails. I STILL Haven't gotten beyond 3rd place, even after having gotten gold in most subsequent races. On other later races, I got first place the first time through without hardly trying. I've tried different ships, upgrades, and powerups. I really don't think that I'm the problem here. Also, if you haven't played the game, races are categorized into classes, preventing you from getting a super sweet ride and just blowing through the lower tier difficulties. Stragety is very important in this game no matter the class, which is great! But it also means that some races are unnecessarily difficult.This game is in SERIOUS need of a difficulty patch. The gameplay itself doesn't need altered in any way that I'd personally say, but the difficulty definitely needs smoothed out. The first couple events you should nail first place no problem, but then it should get harder from there.In short, this is a REALLY REALLY great racer with a bad difficulty curve in the campaign. I still highly recommend the game, but I'm hoping for a big patch soon."
,Recommended,517710,25820496,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Pile_O_Gunz,"Awesome game I've been searching for along time for a great racer on the pc. They seem to all take themselves far too seriously,- I don't play racing games for a simulation !Howevever, this is reminiscent of  the old(but great) Wipeout games  on PS-One  but with modern day graphics and controls making it much more intense. The speed and the tracks are rediculous its great fun."
,Recommended,517710,25951307,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,end-complete,what all the other reviews said!
,Recommended,517710,25953534,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Funk in my Trunk,"Very fun, fast and easy to pick up."
,Recommended,517710,25579522,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,BubbleGum & Hookers,Wicked Great!! If you want a graphical explosion erupting in your eye sockets than you need to see this game runnin in all it's glory!! On top of the eye candy the game plays great!! Online matchmaking was quick and solid. Over all the best racer i have played in the last two or three years. Can not reccomend enough!!
,Recommended,517710,25600329,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,chibi310,"This game is amazing honestly! It is fast, the AI is on the brutal side, there is no rubberbanding, the Soundtrack is astonishing, and the tracks are just FUN! This game is an excellent AG Racing game, especially with the Boss tracks that Really let you appreciate the crazy speeds that you can achieve."
,Recommended,517710,25596830,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Kazoou,Anti-grav racing... perfected.
,Recommended,517710,25597290,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Ryanide,"Redout is a fast paced, chaotic racing game that actually has an extremely high level of difficulty involved. Would highly recommend!I would also highly recommend using a controller. I use a steam controller and it works great."
76561198312672993,Recommended,517710,25581186,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,cybersmoke0001,"I bought several games for the Oculus Rift but nothing draws me in more than a good racing game (Radial-G, Vector 36, Project Cars, Dirt Rally).  F-Zero GX was my baby back in the day, so I picked this game up immediately.  I had trouble getting the game to launch at first so I had to delete my local data then re-download then verify the integrity of the game to get the game to launch with Steam VR for my Oculus Rift.It runs fast and smooth at 75fps with all settings on epic on my pc (Intel Core I7 4790k, Titan X Hybrid).  I like how you can switch the views in VR to actually see your vehicle.  I used the 3rd person view to stomp the game with all gold metals or better in 19 hours.I only have 2 issues about the game itself:1.  With some of the courses in tier III it's very difficult to beat certain AI using any ship.  You have to plan your attack, which is honestly fine with me most of the time.  The only time I have trouble with this, is when I have a contract to use a specific ship and win with it.  I was forced to either break the contract by changing ships and lose my money, or quit the race and try a different course.2.  Aside from that there's 1 secret achievement that no one online seems to know how to unlock.  It's currently the only one I'm missing for a 100% achievement unlock with this game.  If I had to venture a guess it's probably obtain all Platinum metals in the timed trials.  I have a handful of them, but have a long way to go to get all of them.In conclusion, the game is really fun, and well worth the 35$ price tag if you own a VR headset.  I really can see the relation to F-Zero.  Like many others here, in the future DLC's I'd love to see a track builder feature, as well as some extra vehicles, perhaps a throwback to Jet Moto!"
76561198041255806,Recommended,517710,25570689,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,meframe978,"I picked this game up because I'm an avid Wipeout fan and I can say it is well worth it. Drifting isn't nearly as fun as it is in Wipeout, however the game more than makes up for that in other categories. It's gorgeous, the tracks are brilliant, and the speed is real. Sooooo fast...Fair warning, there is less than zero hand holding at the beginning of the game. There is zero explaination of the controls aside from what you see in loading screens. It can be quite annoying when ships bump in to you and you do a 180. I also ran into some performance issues at the start of races."
,Recommended,517710,25571341,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,stenk,👌👌👌
76561198066155994,Recommended,517710,25562087,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Squid Man,"This game is a breath of fresh air in the racing game industry, quite possibly the only good zero-g racing game in the last decade and a half. It makes you feel as though you are actually moving at insane speeds. It is a rush, it is difficult, it is perfect."
,Recommended,517710,27849796,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,BestCake,"The controls in this game feel great, feels close to early wipeout games, the sense of speed is unreal.It plays nicely with the steam controller, I have the grips set to strafe and vertical gyro axis set to pitch, it feels very intuitive.I think the ships could sound design could be more powerful, and each type and class could be more unique.The survival mode could use a sound indicator with <10 or maybe <5 seconds left.Overall a fantastic game, with a unique aesthetic and a great sound track!"
76561198067251264,Recommended,517710,27874121,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zachev,"Redout is a high speed hover vehicle racing game that feels a lot like the classic F-Zero racing games.  I absolutely love the perception of speed this game gives you, especially when you hit that boost.  Kind of reminds me of Redline:http://i.imgur.com/zK0ppQ2.gifvIn Redout, you have 6 degrees of motion, strafe included, which lets you pull off some pretty fantastic turns and maneuvers.  Top it off with a very elegant art style that doesn't absolutely kill your GPU when traveling at 1500km/hr while simultaneously providing you with great scenery for the split second that you will see it, and you have a very solid game. The tracks wind through giant trees, desert cities, and active volcanoes, and the vehicles have unique art and play styles.All in all, this game leaves me wanting more tracks, more cars, and more game modes.  But what is there so far is a very strong racing game, and I really hope to see more from this up and coming indie developer."
,Recommended,517710,27748055,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,milkman,"I admit it, I love arcade style racing games and this one delivers in spades !Like F-Zero, or Episode 1 Racer. Just good fun :)"
76561198027133086,Recommended,517710,27787547,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,//-IF-\\ DKTrue,"Nominated for the “WHOOOAAAAAAA, DUDE!” AWARDI bought this game, due to its critics saying ""it is fast"".Now I've seen a lot and I play a lot of racing games, but GOD DAAAAMN!Literally everytime you upgrade to a new class or upgrade your turbo you get this new ""AAAAAAAAAAA it's fast, I CAN BARELY HANDLE THE SPEED"" feeling.I don't know how to describe it in any other way. I played F-Zero X on the N64 when I was a child and this the first game that even crosses that speed feeling.If you like race just a tiny bit and are ok with space aesthetics, GET THIS GAME.I have paid so much money for bad racing games, that promise you everything. If you like it fast, then this is what you are looking for. I promise :)"
,Recommended,517710,27208203,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dario,"If you need a game that makes you feel speed, then RedOut is perfect for you. Tricky to learn, but once you get going, you'll find it hard to hit the breaks"
,Recommended,517710,25317287,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,fortris,"It's pretty sad that in 2016 I still haven't found a game to replace Wipeout HD/Fury. Somehow in 8 years no one has managed to capture the magic of that game, but damned if I won't stop trying to find a successor, spiritual or otherwise.As far as I'm concerned this is close enough for the time being. And that's very high praise coming from me.The companies all have 4 seperate cars, each company is visually distinct and has handling/stats connected to their craft. The visuals are an odd mix of basic and beautiful, while I miss the almost ""semi-realism"" of Wipeout it's visually pleasing for the most part.Now you might have noticed a pattern in this ""review"", I'm basically just comparing this to Wipeout HD/Fury. Honestly as much as I wish I could view this as it's own game, I can't. It's too similar in too many aspects and ultimately falls short of what honestly is a game I doubt I'll ever find a real successor to, but it's worth the asking price of $35 if you like AG racing games.tl;dr it's no Wipeout HD/Fury but it's a good game that can stand on it's own for the most part.http://i.imgur.com/34Mg17Q.png"
76561198125556131,Recommended,517710,26958905,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,The Quintessential Gamer,If you like being punched in the face in a car that goes way to fast while not having any idea what you are doing this game is for you.10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,517710,26958543,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,iScott,This game is amazingly fast paced and I love every single second of it! :)
,Recommended,517710,26968401,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jojo,Finally a WipeOut type game for PC with great graphics and even better gameplay than WipeOut itself! Excellent sense of speed and I can't wait to try this in VR mode. Runs well on my r9 390/i5 setup.
,Recommended,517710,26962395,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sparra,"The best sci-fi racing game I've played since Xtreme-G and F-Zero I've played! I've found the campaign a blast to play (although I didn't find it as hard as others seem to say it is), and the sense of speed is spot on. I wish the multiplayer was more alive, but there's a lot to do in the campaign mode which certainly helps! This game is focused more on racing than combat, as the powers you're able to use are things like a powerful boost, temporary grip increase, and siphoning energy from those around you (so you can boost more).Also: NO RUBBER BAND AI.The AI doesn't cheat, but simply gets better at racing at higer difficulties. But you can counter this with ship upgrades and just out playing them. I've had a few games where I've smashed the AI so hard I out-lapped a few of them!This is a really fantastic game, and if you enjoyed games like X-Treme G, F-Zero, or Wipeout, this game will be right up your alley!"
76561197980388492,Recommended,517710,26722633,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,KeZkin,hey this looks like F-ZERO.... instant buy xD  For people with big♥♥♥♥♥TVs. on my 55 inch Samsung TV the delay is 40ms with a 5meter HDMI cable.... its great funalso as a side note : Xbox Elite controler works perfectly with this game.
,Recommended,517710,26815543,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Streamfox,"Blown my mind. Great graphics, nice musics, and perfect gameplay."
76561198160488068,Recommended,517710,26867728,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SnoozeMumrik,"I have to say, that after 18 hours of extensive ''tunnel-visioned'' racing in career mode I've developed a love/hate relationship for this game. This does not need to be a bad thing however considering I felt the same for other titles where relentless resolve are needed wich in turn rewards you with that cocky smirk and bragging rights that comes with it.This beauty of a gem is an excellent choice for those that miss the seamingly returning arcade racers like Wipeout, F-Zero and Rollcage series. With an intressting and vibrant artstyle it never fails to please the eyes, once you get the chance look away from the road that is and with some fitting soundtrack to go with the speed of sound. The controlls are very solid when you get used to them (Keep in mind that I haven't tried out VR mode) and they seem fair, especially the strafing wich are vital in every curve you'll encounter. However Redout has some problems that I'd like to adress mainly the lack of online matches. The multiplayer mode is almost deserted ((save for maybe one or two players that seems almost euphoric everytime we find each other)) every time I fire up the game. I believe this might be the cause of players that may feel deterred from the strong difficulty that comes with this monster of a title. And this also brings me to the point where I think the most players have complained the most, the merciless AI opponents that blast past you during the final lap, those hyper fast ships that plows through your own leaving you spinning like a turned up side down turtle making you go from first place all the way to last.! Aside from this, Redout is certainly as fast paced as it makes it self out to be that will sate that thirst for high velocity. Played in modarate sessions is my recommendation otherwise you will hurl the closest blunt object in any generall direction."
,Recommended,517710,26901457,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MR.SILVERSTRIKE,"It's like WipEout, but faster and better. Nominated for the Worthy Spiritual Successor award that I just made up. Thanks for making this, it's awesome."
,Recommended,517710,28007843,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tomu,"The fastest racing game I have ever played. Benefits skill, AI can prove to be challenging once you get into the faster cars, amazing soundtrack and visuals. Absolute perfection."
,Recommended,517710,27968023,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Decoy_Rex,If you like F-Zero you will like this.
,Recommended,517710,28103670,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,SirDukesAlut,Gotta go fast!
,Recommended,517710,28123092,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,『GMToast』,Now this - this is podracing.
76561197980711402,Recommended,517710,28083075,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Norrin78,"If you like high-speed racing games, nice graphics and a little challenge then you might consider Redout. I’ve been playing this game for more than 10 hours now and I really enjoy it. For the people who might be scared by players complaining about difficulty:First, this game requires you to learn how to control your AG ship correctly. So you’ll have to experience a bit (turbo, strafe). Then, you’ll need to memorize tracks because you need to anticipate turns. So if you’re looking for a game where you can easily win races from the first try, you might get disappointed and frustrated. But once you’ve learnt to master ships and tracks, you’ll get your kick, and a good challenge (Class I and II are OK; for class III and IV you’ll need to retry events a few times to make the perfect race and win the gold medal). Another tip if you find it too difficult at first: take the time to earn credits, because upgrades can seriously enhance your ship’s performance.I came from Quantum Rush (another AG racing game available on Steam), that I eventually gave up because it was rapidly becoming way too difficult (and yet I tried…). IMO, Redout manages to be pretty well-balanced, if you don’t mind a little challenge ;)One of the best (if not the best) AG racing game on PC nowadays."
76561198047259048,Recommended,517710,28125086,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Fiercewarriors,Brings be back to the good old wipeout games! Graphics are on point and the music is fantastic. This game is worth every penny
,Recommended,517710,28128172,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Lunaea Domia,Amazing game. Best racing feeling there is. It can get boring after a while but the first few hours are unbeatable
76561198111734660,Recommended,517710,28111837,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,DethMetlZomB,"This game is a realistic contender for all the sci-fi racing games time has forgotten. If only they add a few more perks I could say that sci-fi racing has a place to die. My favorite thing about this game is that they stretched so far as to bring pod racers into it. The difficulty is pretty spot on and they did a solid job at creating an insanely fast paced atmosphere with plenty of eye candy. There are 4 things I stongly dislike about the game though. First and foremost, there's no split screen. I've read something about the developers possibly adding it but lets be honest, it's a RACING GAME. It should have had it before it was even released. The next thing is the control you have over your ships is slightly less pleasing than what I'm most closely relating this game to, F-Zero GX. Last, for a Gamecube game to have more ship customization options than one as beautiful as this is just sad. Add some interchangable parts and more detailed color choosing options with split screen, and a tighter reign on the controls(I use an Xbox 1 controller for racing games that allow it) and I'm sold."
,Recommended,517710,28094663,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,fabiosaleen,"Excellent game.+ Graphics: Nice colorful tracks, while still being clear enough to know where to drive+ Music: Suits the game well, different music for different tracks+ Mechanics: Disregard people saying it's impossible to take a corner without crashing into a wall. You have to use the strafing mechanic to take a corner, which a lot of people forget about.... If you're only going to play single player, the price is a bit too steep imo.... Sometimes the different campaign racing modes seem same-ish. Just be fast in every single one of them and you'll get gold, but I guess that is to be expected from a racing game- It takes a long time to find multiplayer games.- Some vehicles are underpowered compared to others (looking at you Conqueror)Overall, a very interesting racing game, and a good successor to the likes of Wipeout and other AG racers. Looking forward to more updates."
,Recommended,517710,27913153,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,lucentauri,"For new pilots:This game is difficult. The learning curve is steep, so don't be dissuaded by your losses or your wallgrinding. If you don't live and breathe chasing perfection, you might want to pick up another racer. Ballistic NG is free and will give you an idea of the genre you're getting into here, though Redout is a much more polished experience.For AG veterans:Hell yes buy this game. Airbrakes are replaced with straight-up strafing. With the loss of weapon pads, most races will see you outfitted with powerups that you can use on a cooldown, and your health regenerates when you're not hitting things. Barrel rolls are notably absent, but you won't miss them when you get a free turbo every six seconds. Pitch control is slightly more important here. Finally, I genuinely, unironically believe this game is not fast enough. I hit the highest tier in about four hours, and I wish there were two more. Class IV feels like Rapier, and I find myself craving a Phantom.Cons:-The soundtrack is awful and repetitive. BYOM.-The AI isn't great, and colliding with AI ships will always leave you at a disadvantage, regardless of what would physically make sense.8/10, was definitely worth $25"
,Recommended,517710,25367025,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Quad849,"UPDATE----The developers seems to be doing their best, and the game is getting better wich each update, that alone is better than many games out there, the triple display seems to be running now, yet with the lack of proper FOV configuration is hard to say its perfect, but at least is possible but not without getting your hands dirty with the .ini files.Ignoring all the trouble for triple monitor users, the game is amazing, runs fast, looks great and the controls are in the perfect balance of complexity and fun, is so adictive to try to master the way to control the ship but not in a way that is frustating.Im amazed about the quality of this game and can't wait for a stable release. The guys at HomeWorld remastered made a interesting find for triple monitor that this devs could get some bennefit, specially for VR.--------------Im amazed that a game with VR support doesn't have triple display support, also, there is not way to change resolution to 1920x1080, so I can't play it using only 1 display, simply put: If you use 3 screens, you are screwed, you have to manualy disable it for all your games in order to be able to play this with 1 screen, wich we should't do, the game should come with this kind of suppor OOB.This is like a terrible Console Port for PC, there is no way to change the FOV and there is no screen resolution adjustment, and of course, no triple display support. GeeeBy reading the other negative reviews, you should easily see that the problem its not limited to the tripple display support, this lack of options and a proper design its also affecting VR users.Also, no minimap? WHAT?"
76561197973419161,Recommended,517710,25730415,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,nutty_apprentice,"After the last update, amazing! Running on gtx980 and 6700k was even crap until the update, now the settings can be put up, AA on high, resolution 150 percent. You can actually see whats coming up now instead of trying to guess what that jagged blur is!Theyve tweaked the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ punishment for someone else hitting you from behind and flying off while you do a 360 into the wall too.Closest thing to wipeout youll find and just as addictive, its so authentic that even restarting a race is as instantaneous, cos we all remember the 3 hour long cycle of clipping a wall and immediately restarting over and over and over and over again to shave that 0.0000001 of a second off the time to get gold hehe. But not so authentic with the fact that I havent thrown my controller out of the room yet, but that could be just the age mellowing me out."
76561198000383948,Recommended,517710,25350280,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,LousS,"Update:I said  I would change my review and recommend this game once it would be optimized and once cameras would be more VR friendly. ..So here we are: the game is now very enjoyable, I just love it and it is actually without a doubt the best recent scifi racer. And it goes better and better with each update. Devs are really into getting the game as good as possible and it is a real pleasure to discover what they improved everytime the game is updated.I recommand it to any Fzero/Wipeout fan and to any vive user looking for an exellent arcade racer.Well done guys I am now one of your fans.Old review:This game could be great but it should be in ealry access at least concerning VR. Cameras are terrible for VR, but the worst is about performances. Even the menus have massive stuttering, even with details set to min with a GTX1080...... I am quite sad about it because everything else looks quite good and the racing sensations are great, but getting the feeling that the ship is glued to your stomack, poor framerate and getting steam VR UI appearing in middle of races from time to time before disappearing again are just too much for me. There is clearly a lack of profiling, QA and beta testing on this game. I will now wait and hope they will fix it, and if they fix cameras and perfs I'll be glad to change this review because I trully want to love this game. To be honest I even can't wait they fix it but IMO it is now just unplayable in VR."
76561198025268079,Recommended,517710,26279987,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,One above all,With all the new updates and the devs  working hards to make this game work is paying off I love this type of genre graphics are beautifal track lay out is generous for those driffting corners moments. The game play is fantastic it would be cool if the vehicles the sound they make had depth and character kind of like a V8 engine. Would I recomend this game hell yes there is nothing out there right now as good as this.
,Recommended,517710,31189363,Posted: 16 April,all,Nova,The best racing game that nobody's ever heard of
,Recommended,517710,29875788,Posted: 12 February,all,Randoman85,<strike>No support for steam controller?</strike>My bad either it's been fixed or I was doing something wrong.
,Recommended,517710,30214613,Posted: 26 February,all,GRRRT,"Very fast.That's all that can be said about this game really. It's all I really cared about when I picked it up. It's all I care about when playing it now. You go CRAZY fast.The maps are all super pretty places to race on, but you're going so damn fast you can't even see the tracks half of the time.The different brands of ship each feel different enough to warrant experimenting with each of them if even only once to find the fastest.All in all, this game is a perfect Fast/10 in my book."
,Recommended,517710,30234063,Posted: 27 February,all,Laenthor,"I am not a competitive and racing games fan, but this has got to be one of my favourites! Redout is basically a mashup of all the great futuristic racing games of the last 2 decades (mostly f-zero and wipeout). This alone should already get you interested! If it doesn't, well let me tell you more:It's the future and humans started populating other planets because earth's atmoshpere has become unbreathable. ""Why not make aerogliding vehicles and tracks to entertain ourselves?"", someone said. And then the greatest racing events in history took place in many deserted locations on earth and jupiter's moons. Redout isn't simply about going fast and throwing a shell in your oponent's face, oh no! It's about control, precision and improvement; this is a challenging game! At the start of the game, you choose a vehicle company to start with and as you win events, you get money to upgrade your vehicle and move up to the next class. The difficulty curve is actually really smooth. You can stick with the lower classes to practice and then move up when you feel like you're ready. There are 4 classes in total and every ship company has their pros and cons, so chose wisely.The driving itself is something I've never quite seen before in a racing game: you turn left and right with the left joystick, yes, but that won't get you very far alone. With the right joystick, you can tilt your ship in all 4 directions to either reduce drifting or to not nosedive on a loop. This is crucial to maintaining your speed. If you don't, the smart, non-rubber banding ai (yes they never rubber-band, the devs said this multiple times) will catch up fast! To help you win events, you can buy and upgrade powerups that give you a slight advantage, whether it is a small boost, energy draining unit or repair bot. They are not completely broken and your oponents will have some too. To use your boost or powerup, you need to build energy and you have your auto-regen health on the right (which can drain quick if you tend to hit corners a lot).It's a fun and challenging game, but you'll always want to get that gold medal or even hidden platinum medal (I'm proud of the 3 I got) for the speedrunning kind. You have your standard races and time trials, but you have a score race, endurance race, survival races (these can kiss my♥♥♥♥♥though...), but the ones that are the most original are the boss events. Basically take all a world's tracks and put them all in a massive track (some last 5+ minutes!). There is that online mode, but I've never seen anyone on it, so sadly I'm 1 achievement short of 100%ing this game...This runs in Unreal engine 4, so you'll need a pretty good rig to play it. It suffers from slow loading times (but it's optimised) and sadly some crashes... There isn't much lag and slowdown in gameplay, mostly menus, which I am glad for.Overall, awesome game, which I didn't expect because I waesn't the biggest f-zero fan, but hey, this supposedly comes out on the Nintendo switch this year, so if you don't want to buy it now, consider that.pros1. Great sense of speed and fluid controls2. Great techobeat soundtrack (I bought it)3. Good customisation, but I think there should be a bit more4. Beautiful and artistic visualscons1. Can have some crashes and slowdowns2. Depending on who you are, the extreme challenge can seriously make you rage9.2/10"
,Recommended,517710,31302121,Posted: 22 April,all,Wandofgamelon,Get this game if you were a fan of Extreme-G.
,Recommended,517710,31287232,Posted: 21 April,all,MegaJohnny,"Doesn't really match the old classics, but it's very good. Vehicle physics are slippy, but fairly responsive. Nice sense of speed."
76561198015496670,Recommended,517710,31309171,Posted: 22 April,all,Legato2400,Make no mistake I have played the hell out of all racing genres and this one is one of the best for fast and challenging physics I have ever played. With how many racing games I've played I never expect much but this delivers what I was looking for and so much more.
76561198032397820,Recommended,517710,31345436,Posted: 24 April,all,ryanvgames,"Very fast paced, looks nice, good tracks and a unique handling/control method all make this interesting and fun to play.  The intensity makes every minute of play time feel like so much more than it is, so play times should be multiplied when considering them :P"
76561198047616379,Recommended,517710,31212752,Posted: 17 April,all,Grandpappy,"This game is so intense in terms of speed that it's hell on my hands if I play it more than a hour.6 teams to choose from, which each team's craft specializing in 2 stats, suffering in 2 others, and having 1 stat in between. Tracks all have there own styles and gimmicks making them challenging in there own ways.My advice? Run through every track in time trials starting from tier I and work your way up to tier IV. It will help you get use to each tracks tricky sections and as you go up in speed tier's you start to learn the track down to almost muscle memory. This will help tremandously in singleplayer when you are racing for money to buy ships, powerups, internals, and ship upgrades.Excellent AG racing game."
76561197991696585,Recommended,517710,30350619,Posted: 5 March,all,ispeedatnight,"Wow! What a trip! I'm so glad I bought this! The graphics, gameplay, the VR immersion, the tracks? What twisted mind created this?! I want to have your children! Seriously, this is one of the best if not the best VR Immersion games I have played to date. I never give reviews but felt the need to thank the developers by leaving positive feedback for them and to thank them for such an amazing experience. I just wish I had time to unlock all the tracks but that's life!"
,Recommended,517710,30278385,Posted: 2 March,all,samDLIVE,"Fantastic music, solid mechanics, incredible sense of speed."
,Recommended,517710,30155243,Posted: 24 February,all,Beach,"This game reminds me a lot of Extreme-G from the late 1990s. It can be a bit overwhelming visually at times and I couldn't imagine how painful it is to play this in VR, but for a racing game, it's pretty fun... and I don't usually like racing games other than Mario Kart."
,Recommended,517710,31370446,Posted: 25 April,all,вражеский танк,"I was quite enthused about VR before I actually owned a VR headset. Post-purchase, I have to admit that the whole experience is not what I was hoping it would be. It seems that both the technology itself and the art of designing games for the medium will need a few more years of growth before any really compellinggameswill come about. There are already cool multimedia experiences to be had in VR, but many of the games available feel more like tech demos or one-off gimmicks than real AAA titles.Redoutis one of the exceptions to that, though. Granted, it's not really the sort of ""immersive"" VR title that can only be done in VR, nor does it really stand out as a game except for the fact that it's in VR. If you've playedF-Zeroor other similar titles likeQuantum Redshift, you pretty much know what to expect. But at leastRedoutis, in fact, an actual game with real gameplay, and it's enjoyable to play, which is more than can be said for many VR games. Plus, it only made memildlynauseated!To be honest, I'm not sure I'd recommend this game if it weren't a VR game. But having sunk $800+ into a VR device with what seems to me to be a relative dearth of engaging titles,Redoutat least gives me something to do with the thing."
,Recommended,517710,31481068,Posted: 1 May,all,neVraska,"this game is insanely good, delivers a fast-paced F-Zero/SWEP1R arcade experience with good physics thrown in, blended nicely. really having a ♥♥♥♥ton of fun :Dfor people complaining about ""rubberbanding"", you are just racing against ai/people running turbo+draft upgrades ;)"
,Recommended,517710,31526580,Posted: 3 May,all,Treble *Rotheswolf Lycurgus*,"When a game sets out to capture the essence of what it's aimed for and hits it... Oh man the days of POD, F-Zero and Wipeout flood through while playing this game, also the frustrations I had too learning and adapting to Controls and learning techniques to get through tough segments of a track... all the fun and frustration...Definitely spot on and the Music is the Icing on the cake."
76561198024603195,Recommended,517710,31527583,Posted: 3 May,all,dosburritos,"This is a great VR racing game, it's faced paced, looks great, and there's a progression system and loads of hours of gameplay in here. I haven't spent much time in here yet because I've been enjoying the fact that playing games on the Vive gets you up out of your chair, and this is a seated game.I rate this game 3.5/5 crusty beans."
76561198036408699,Recommended,517710,31717105,Posted: 12 May,all,Sir Wester,"This game is fantastic. The visuals are beautiful; the driving mechanics are very 'easy to learn, hard to master;' the soundtrack is a great score of electronic music to get your blood pumping and help you trance out while you drive.The single player is a series of races against AI or the clock with a small narrative thrown in via the descriptions of the races. They're fairly easy to complete, but challenging to unlock Goldsand Platinum medalsgiving completionists a sizeable challenge, while letting the more casual players still complete the missions. In a recent update they added AI difficulty modes, but I can't speak for how they change the single-player experience.The multiplayer is (unfortunately) rather dead. I've found it rather hard to find games most of the time, which is a shame, as the multiplayer would really extend the life of the experience. If you're willing to wait, you can usually find a race with one or two people, but good luck finding a full lobby.The devs are very commited to updating this game, having given out one set of maps for free when they updated to ""Enhanced Edition"" as well as putting out a set of maps (and a new racing team) as DLC.  Alongside the release of the latest DLC they added in Split Screen mode (for free), and a whole host of improvements to the (already gorgeous) visuals and gameplay experience.I really can't recommend this game more highly if you enjoy fast paced racing. The singleplayer alone is worth the money."
,Recommended,517710,27641544,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Blunder Sunder,"Fun, fast AG racer. If you love the classics then you'll love this modern incarnation. Uses lateral thrusters instead of airbrakes, which does require a change in approach if you're big on your wipeout games.Great graphics (and optimisation), sound, feel, polish and UI - tons of content, modes and a long campaign. Really, no complaints."
,Recommended,517710,29450390,Posted: 23 January,all,potterman28wxcv,This review was initially a rant about how Redout was consuming way too much RAM for the minimum specs to be run on.They fixed it by adding the possibility to have lower detailed tracks - now it runs smoothly on my machine and I have no more reason to complain :-)Well played devs !
,Recommended,517710,26897751,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Retyqui,"This game is an absolute blast!!It is the most addictive game i've ever played in 2016!(And it continues to do it in 2017!)The handling become super addictive if you get used to it!To describe it in a nutshell, i would say it's more like F-Zero if most racing simulation on the market had a fight to become this game's aunt.Also, i feel the Ai will give you a big chance if you get good enough. Once you get to this point, event with AI will become a piece of cake!I like the OST, many songs are catchy.(espically the neptune one, which just feels EPIC!)Graphics are gorgeous (even after getting more saturated since the last patch)This is maybe cliché but i can't make a ""complete"" review without it. :PAnother thing i find cliché, the ammout of content is huge! This and the feeling are making Redout's replayability.Maybe it seems expensive to your eyes, but if you're a fan of general racing games, i can't recommand this enough!"
,Recommended,517710,31871457,Posted: 20 May,all,AugustGamer,"This is a very cool game. It is inspired by games such as F-Zero and Wipeout. There are various ships and tracks, all feel unique and different. The tracks are stunning. You whiz by massive man-made structures, take turns at break-neck speeds, and dive vertically down past rivers of lava. It's incredible stuff.The gameplay is not for everyone. When you are up against the hardest difficulty or other players online, you can't really wing it like other racing games. You must know the tracks inside out. Choose your powerups carefully, and use them a the correct moments to race efficiently across the tracks. Practice the tracks outside the career and online modes. It is immensley satisfying to learn a track extremely well and see the results of your hard work.This is a breath of fresh air in today's racing stage. Strategy, skill, practice, twitch-reaction. These must be accounted for when playing this game. I haven't completed it yet. In fact I took a long break from it, as I got a bit frustrated with certain career mode races. I eventually came back and am enjoying it even more now. I would like to mention that the online community seems really cool so far. Many are very helpful, giving good advice on certain tracks. No one takes losing seriously, everyone has a great attitude."
,Not Recommended,517710,31356421,Posted: 25 April,all,reloadx510,"5/3/2017 For a paid game end-users shouldn't have to go through the trouble of encountering errors. Here's my possible fixes because I've processed them at the same time;1) Run windows update. (Make sure it's completed with minimal fails. 2 failed for me.)2) Disable Anti-Virus before download and install. (Windows Defender for me.)Optional but possible.Update Video Graphics Drivers. (I also disabled my MSI Afterburner.)I still recommend this game to anyone but the trouble I went through I have to give it a No. Hope this reaches out to as many as possible if they run into as much trouble as I went through.System Specs;Windows 7 64bitAMD FX 6300 4.10 GHz16 GB RAMCrossfire AMD Radeon RX480If you're connecting a PS4 controller to play, use DS4 for the game to detect the controller. The demo didn't give me this problem. Cheers.(Original Review 4/25/2016) I guess I'm the unlucky few who can't start the game without the redistrutable error. It's been on going for a few users now. It looks like a really fun game and I bought it to play, not encounter errors. Please fix ASAP. Review will be updated upon fix.5/2/2017 Manage to get the Demo to run fine. Had to set one of the executables to run as admin. Thought the same trick might get the Paid game to work. Nope. I'll update as I find anything that could help.http://steamcommunity.com/app/517710/discussions/0/154641879450809634/?ctp=3"
76561197983086662,Recommended,517710,31816465,Posted: 17 May,all,StealthFox,"Well, It's fast, its a 'trance' game, and by that I mean you need to zone out on everything else and soley focus on it to really do well. It's got a lot of mechanics that make it interesting abd fun, but it does not explain to many of them well enough I fear. I love the ship designs and the tracks so far are indeed visualy interesting, The music is not f-zero good, but pretty dang good.I dare say this actually DOES fit nicely for those wanting another F-zero or Podracer game.Big props from me. I will indeed play more of it."
,Recommended,517710,28729524,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,230v,really fast!
,Recommended,517710,31833841,Posted: 18 May,all,puxorb,"Had some issues with steam controller. (Make sure gyro is turned *OFF* for this game)The game started out easy, but quickly got more and more challenging. I only have 4.2 hours as of writing this (1 hour spent trying to figure out that my controller's gyro was making my ship fly weird), so I can't say much difficulty-wise, but I'm just starting to get to Tier II and its proving tough. Trying to get gold medals for all the Tier I time trials took many attempts.Beautiful graphics, decent music, runs VERY smoothly, and its FAST.There are multiple ship views including cockpit.Controller recommended.FAST/10"
,Recommended,517710,31791933,Posted: 16 May,all,handygaber,Handygaber approves
,Recommended,517710,31944051,Posted: 24 May,all,hotshelf,Linux support please!
,Recommended,517710,28738544,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,xor511,"It is fun, I an impressed by the quality of this game, the graphics may appear a bit simple but they work just fine, and the graphical effects really add to the sensation of speed.This is not just a break and steer racing game, in this one you have to manage an energy supply that is used for boosts, combine turning with controlled side strafing, tilt the car based on the inclination of the track, control the vehicle in midair in jumps.Opponents are tough, but they do their own driving, what I mean is, opponents will have as much risk as the player at being affected by track hazards, falling off the track, etc. Also, this is not one of those games where opponents are faster when you are in first place but slower when you are in last place, you know what I mean."
,Recommended,517710,31918475,Posted: 23 May,all,Clacka,"Awesoem game, needs support for non-xbox controllers."
76561198022012894,Recommended,517710,32210798,Posted: 5 June,all,H.,"I love racing games, I use my PS4 controler with DS4 for windows wireless, played today for 94min, game is cool, I also like the option for mault views, just like Wipeout had, only gripe I had is does not let you customise the controler configuration to your needs, it only has a few layouts for controler configuration, I like to configure all my controles. The game if fun."
,Recommended,517710,28725104,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Fendon,I recommend this because it's fun to play
76561198029751366,Recommended,517710,28705831,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Cheshire Cat,"To put it very simple: this is the best AG Racing game available for PC and one of the best arcade racing game on the market.It's colorful, insanely fast, the music is spot on and your adrenaline will flow through your veins like a river. Also free DLC.Is it better than Formula Fusion? So far yes, it is and it's a complete, released product.My only complians would be an excessive smudgy AA (probably some kind of quality FXAA), no rebindable buttons for the controller (there are 3 different presets tho) and I would like to see a more in-depth description of the graphics options: while there are a lot of them I would really like to know what I'm choosing instead of a plain ""epic""."
76561198080237046,Recommended,517710,28689476,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Call me handsome,replace the awesome soundtrack by some much more awesome eurobeat and you get the perfectest race game
76561197970517990,Recommended,517710,28729188,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,AceMaverick,This game will take all your focus to win. If you are a fan of the old style f-zero then get this game. Its everything you remember and more.... except splitscreen.
,Recommended,517710,28666959,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,RAZERKhas,"Bringing up memories of Wipeout, Xtreme G and F Zero, recommended 100%"
,Recommended,517710,28682766,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,OᗷAᗺO,Now this is podracing
76561198070166699,Recommended,517710,33248903,Posted: 4 July,all,Wyyrd,"Grab it while on sale because it's a steal. Full price, maybe not so much. It's great for a quick fix of excitement without being a giant time sink. Looks good at 5760x1080 (borderlesss... full screen doesn't work for surround set ups.)Only real qualm is the AI for the opponents. AI keeps body checking you right before a jump, or screws up a turn and slams into you. It doesn't increase difficulty, just makes the event types with other racers less enjoyable and force you to restart just to get the rush of a clean run.One suggestion would be to further separate the colors of the tracks from the background. Just a difference in saturation, pump up the track elements, flatten out the color of distant objects and background. The result would be more realistic, and focused. The recent fix helped, but needs a bigger push, especially for the Vertex maps."
76561197985823427,Recommended,517710,33243457,Posted: 4 July,all,u004yc,This is simply a good game. If you want a game that improves upon wipeout then look no further. There is a lot in here that I believe Redout does better than wipeout. The race tracks are better and even the event stages and player progression is better. There is a bit of a learning curve in terms of the controls but once mastered it actually feels really good and natural.  I am very happy with this purchase and you should be as well. My word to any wipeout sequel is to look closely to this game and to start taking notes!!
,Recommended,517710,33424575,Posted: 10 July,all,Ethird,"Played it without VR, excellent racing game, quick and simple. Boot it up and start racing. Colourful yet not distracting, beautifully balanced aesthetics, real pretty."
,Recommended,517710,33409804,Posted: 9 July,all,Zeks,Very fun and polished AG racer. It's rare to see those of that quality outside of console exclusives.
76561198142529622,Recommended,517710,33436655,Posted: 10 July,all,Knightmare,"If you like fast games, similar to wipeout, F Zero X & so on. I think you will love this game (Redout) as it is no exception. been playing Redout now for a while & I still can not get enough of it."
,Recommended,517710,31074173,Posted: 11 April,all,ExplosiveFridge,"As someone who doesn't usually enjoy racing games, I was surprised by how much fun I had with redout.  As the page says its fast as hell, and quite challenging.  Worth picking up even if your not a fan of racing games in general."
76561198056178624,Recommended,517710,31070772,Posted: 10 April,all,Revolio Clockberg Jr.,Amazing racing game love it plays just as well on desktop as in vr if you have any sort of vr capabilities buy this now
,Recommended,517710,29240385,Posted: 13 January,all,math crab,"Brilliant racing game with an incredible feeling of speed. Maps are all very unique and surprisingly memorable, with no wasted space. Some of the later maps require extraordinary amounts of concentration to beat in any respectable time- but it's well worth it, because nothing feels better than perfectly nailing a difficult turn. AI plays fair, but also incredibly well- the longer races are grueling.On the presentation front: the soundtrack is quickly becoming one of my favorites, and the songs are brilliantly paced-  especially Europa. The low-poly visuals are a treat, and they run like a dream. Flying through Cairo or Volcano takes my breath away sometimes.If you don't own a controller, don't worry- keyboard controls work perfectly fine. Some maps are easier on controller, some are easier on a keyboard. It's a basically equal tradeoff. Either way, your hands will hurt like hell. This is one of those games that makes our caveman brains think we can go faster by pressing the buttons harder. Take breaks.In general: I made the mistake of overlooking this game last year, as did many people. Had I started playing it sooner, it definitely would have been one of my favorite games of the year. There's so, so much content here. If you're worried about getting your money's worth, just try the demo and I promise you'll be on board instantly."
,Recommended,517710,29859334,Posted: 11 February,all,Sir Casm,"This is my favourite racing game right now. I highly recommend playing with a controller though to have better control over your ship. Back in the days I used to play Wipeout on my PSP and absolutely loved it! I've been longing for such a game for so long and Redout is the game that can finally fill this spot. The aesthetics, the soundtrack, the different ships and most importantly the sense of speed all come together to make this game as great as it is. I was skeptical at first but once I got my first ship and played the first race I knew this was great. I immediatly got to feel how fast these ships are speeding away on the beautifully designed tracks. The aesthetics are amazing thanks to the Unreal Engine 4. Racing through the Antarctica, Desert, Jungle, etc is so much fun on these greatly designed tracks. For every race you have the option to decide which ship you want to choose and what powerups you want. Every ship plays differently, one is better on straight tracks where you can get the most out of your speed and another one is better for tracks with tight turns. You always have to pay great attention to the track ahead since you do not want to bump into walls or else you lose your precious speed. You can also equip your ship with an active and a passive powerup which greatly affect the handling of your ship. You aren't allowed to use them in pure races though in which only your skill matters. And all of this gets even better with a great soundtrack making the game feel so much quicker. If you were thinking whether to buy this game or not I would highly recommend buying it! With Splitscreen in development it will get even better!"
,Recommended,517710,29880205,Posted: 12 February,all,spacemonkeynation,"I'm a gigantic fan of the Wip3out series and Fzero. This game nails the most important aspects from those series by conveying an incredible sense of speed and the means with which to control your craft as it hurls down the track. Just as with Wip3out, your hover racer is equipped with flaps, allowing you to yaw the ship left or right to slide and cut into corner apexes with finesse, and on more severe turns, just the right amount of braking. You are also able to make slight adjustments to your ship's pitch which becomes crucial as you may find yourself propelled into the air, above the track with mere moments to slightly correct your position and reconnect with the softest of landings.While the game seems to take most of it's inspiration from Sony's classic series, in both the visual design of the ships, environments, and race team culture it also invokes the thrilling disorientation of F-Zero at times. Quite a few of the tracks feature huge jumps, cork-screw turns, and loop-de-loops that may leave you with a slightly queasy stomach and sense of exhilaration - the likes of which you'd be hard pressed to find outside of a major theme park coaster. I can only imagine the thrill of this experience in VR.Of course this genre of racing game wouldn't be complete without some pulse pumping electro to back it up. Thankfully it doesn't disappoint in this aspect either. While you may find yourself wishing for a few more music tracks, what is here is utilized well. They've tied each to specific environments, and while it is all electronic the soundtrack manages to mold together more traditional house music with an occasional japanese game-pop flare that doesn't overstay it's welcome.No game is perfect, of course, and while I am immensely satisfied so far I do have some very minor gripes. The sound effects are lacking any punch to them. On the whole this isn't a huge deal, but it does make it difficult to discern whether a powerup is activated or if you're in danger. The powerups in general are also a bit lackluster. You won't find any track distorting earthquakes, jarring missile explosions, or startling mines to avoid here. Instead your arsenal is limited toward area of effect type energy drainers, turbos, and passive stat boosts.These are just my early impressions so far with this title, and should anything present itself to wildly shift my views I'll update this, but already I feel that this game is well worth the $35 I spent on it."
76561198118147653,Recommended,517710,29831317,Posted: 10 February,all,robyutt,"I was a huge fan of F-Zero X on N64 so I am loving this game. The soundtrack is also a pleasant surprise.  I have only spent a few hours with it so far but am very impressed. I waited for it to be on sale (40% off daily deal) since I wasn't sure about spending 40 on it. Great value at the discounted price.I do have one complaint though. This game crashes, and that is very frustrating. I have 4 hours logged at this point and I think its crashed 4-5 times already. I hope there is a stability patch or something on the way.EDIT: rig I am rinnign it on in case the devs were wondering.OS: Windows 10 ProCPU: i7-4790kGPU: ASUS GTX 1080RAM: 16gb DDR3 1600 MHZ"
,Recommended,517710,29833121,Posted: 10 February,all,Radical,Very solid and challenging racer. The tracks are gorgeous and the driving mechanics are incredibly fun once you wrap your head around them. I really wish it had a ghost and replay feature to study other drivers' technique. Thumbs up!
,Recommended,517710,29846385,Posted: 11 February,all,Strider1979,"If you loved Wipeout, or similar games then this is a no brainer. I picked it up with 40% off so bought the enhanced edition. The graphics are stunning and the controls feel great on my xbox one controller. Highly Recommended!"
,Recommended,517710,29787817,Posted: 8 February,all,ChammyChanga,"Considering the last racing games that i ever played (excluding mario kart, that doesn't count) were wipeout for N64 and podracer 64, this was extremely refreshing to finally get my hands on a new racing game.I have not tried it with the keyboard yet, but i'm sure it really helps to have a console controller for the best control.Sound track is borderline ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic *stares at Cairo 3* and is probably what caused me to buy the game.For me at least, the controls feel extremely concise, but having looked at other reviews it does seem strange that you get better times when you bump walls rather than actually skillfully going around a bend.Me, not knowing what a ""good"" racing game should be, i give this a 5/7. perfect score"
,Recommended,517710,29822760,Posted: 10 February,all,darthaegis,"Blindingly fast and great-looking racer. Being a Wipeout fan it's a shame the lack of weaponry and zone mode, but this is still a fantastic game."
,Recommended,517710,29611821,Posted: 31 January,all,tearfromthered,"The next gen Wipeout we all deserved and wished for. This is all you can dream of a descendend of this franchise.The campaign mode is long and complete. BUT it is super hard even for a wipeout fan this is the next legend of hard. too hard for me actually, I gave up. for two reasons. you need to farm money and level up your car to compete properly. and you have to select with great care differents cars depend the game mode you will have to do. in the end a lot of macro management behind races to get a bronze medal. random selections or car for quick fun will results in the hard failure of most campaign races.... too bad"
,Recommended,517710,30024212,Posted: 18 February,all,RenoSkeptix,"This game is so FREAKING FANTASTIC!At the moment I wouldn't say it's perfect but daaaaang duuuuuuuuuude! <3 I love this game!Beautiful graphics, good sounds, i mean the music is freaking neat. No custom soundtrack. This game is fun and super FAST!Runs great. Put those graphics and FPS speeds all up! :D"
,Recommended,517710,29955858,Posted: 15 February,all,Unpronounceable,"Great aesthetic, great soundtrack, and a fantastic feeling of speed.  I can't compare it to its inspirations, but damn, this game is slick."
76561198013426446,Recommended,517710,29912316,Posted: 13 February,all,OReach,"Amazing game.If you've been waiting for a new F-Zero, this is your game.Having a blast with this and can see myself coming back for a long time. There's tons to do and mastering the tracks is difficult and fullfilling."
,Recommended,517710,25322716,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Cryptor!,"REDOUTDevelopers: 34BigThings srlPublisher: 34BigThings srlRelease Date: 02.09.2016About:REDOUT is a fast paced racing game like F-Zero & Wipeout.It's fast , beautiful and really fun to play.Pro´s:+ Unreal Engine 4 graphics with great optimization+ 7 Interface languages+ Playable with Keyboard / Mouse and or Gamepad+ it has an VR Mode ( sadly i can't test it )+ Various Ships available with some normal color options and tuning options+ The opponents are pretty hard to beat but thats good that way !+ The Race tracks are nicely created with no ""unfair"" spots so far+ Runs on maxed out settings with my PC with constant 144 FPS+ The Audio is great!+ Nice Feeling of Speed+ You can switch between various Gamepad layouts+ New Content & Updates for free so far ( Europa DLC )Con´s- nothing so farThings that i missed so far:- Race Track creator :)"
,Recommended,517710,31529107,Posted: 3 May,all,GBL™,"Great game in single player, reminds me of how i rememeber Wipeout but with HD graphics, online is completley dead, you will be lucky to find anyone to play with."
,Recommended,517710,31533114,Posted: 3 May,all,Mobius,Car goes so God damn fast I don't even know what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on. 10/10
76561198204598395,Recommended,517710,31535586,Posted: 3 May,all,viewToRight,"its a fun game. nice sound and graphics. i use the xbox 360 controller in windows 10 64 bit. it takes a few hours to get the hang of, i played the one track the first one in trial and a real race with the most basic car.i tried my old gtx 745 video card on windows 7 64 bit again but this time with 800mhz 8gb ram instead of 4gb,  the cpu is the e8500 core 2 duo on my 1tb ide hard drive.i set the resolution to 720p for my nvidia video settings and in the game, and in the game i changed the video settings from ""epic"" to ""off"", and the game runs smooth with only a few stutters but its very playable."
76561198287114521,Recommended,517710,32112153,Posted: 1 June,all,starkross,"**Review edited to RECOMMEND game - devs since aknowledge no ETA for a fix yet that affects some users due ot nature of UE4 issue although they are looking into it**Worked great prior to Enhanced Edition.  And gameplay is excellent. When it worked. HOWEVER, when Enhanced Edition installad, Alaska tracks crash with a fatal error.  Hot fix didn't fix.  Posted issue to forums. Posts ignored (a dev is answering others). No ETA for fix. No offer to make original pre enhanced verison available. Request for refund refused as i racked up >2hours and had it for longer then refund grace period - well yes, i did BECAUSE IT WORKED AT THE TIME BEFORE THE ENHANCED EDITION WHCH SUBSEQUENTLY BROKE THE GAME!!!. Contacted devs directly. Ignored.  Seriously considering a credit card chargeback for this rip off. I HAVE A GAME RENDERED UNPLAYABLE BY AN UPDATE.Back to consoles then. Unless someone from Steam and\or the devs read this and agree to my refund now OR an ETA on a fix OR make the original pre-enhanced version also available. Because at the moment i am indefinately stuck with a broken game, and until i get some form of repsonse the ONLY option left to me now to get my money back is a cc chargeback. With ALL the communications i have sent, with NOTHING in return, it will be a no brainer for the cc company.I am going to give this till next weekend, 10/6, and if i still have a broken game or no refund, or even just no ETA for a fix by then, it is cc chargeback time.Customer ""service"" here is shockingly non existant"
,Recommended,517710,31302022,Posted: 22 April,all,TypeProton,"High-speed rollercoaster which really push you to get that perfect lap time, on top of cutting edge art direction and pumping music. Do not let the simple slipperly strafing mechanic, boosting and bland-looking track layout fools you. Even cruising around the tracks alone can be a pleasant experience. One of the better futuristic arcade racer in the long while.It's no Wipeout or F-Zero, but it's definitely Redout. Try the demo first!"
76561198097660975,Recommended,517710,25617940,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Monocle,"This is a combination between Wipout and F-Zero.It's an extremely fast hoverrace game.Pro's:-Gameplay is tight.-Graphics are amazing.-Sound is very satisfying and music is good.-Tracks are amazing and aren't flat like usual race games.-Easy to learn very hard to master.-NPC's are hardcore.-Devs are still updating it.Cons:-It wasn't rly marketed enough, this game needs more players, ofcourse private matches will always work.But if you want to play against randoms then you're basically♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck, this  game needs more players and maybe crossplay to achieve that.-Could do with an optional tutorial, the game goes so fast that things like strafing are easily overlooked by newcomers.-Would be cool if they added a replay button so I can relax while watching my latest performance.-This game is so very difficult it might scare away players.Conclusion:It's an absolutely awesome game, but it needs a bigger playerbase. But if it doesn't get a larger player base then it's still worth it for the private matches with friends and vs the AI."
,Recommended,517710,33740388,Posted: 23 July,all,IAmVeranova,"If you enjoyed ""Star Wars: Racer"", F-Zero, Wipeout. You'll love this. It quickly throws you in, and there are 5 tiers of faster tiers to move up through, in a pretty enjoyable career mode. The map design and speed means you have to learn maps before making near-perfect runs. My only negative thought is that maps often have big vertical movements where your vision is still locked straight forward, which can really limit your vision, but you'll be learning the tracks anyway so it's a smaller issue than you'd think."
,Recommended,517710,33779827,Posted: 24 July,all,BassRiderX,"From first impression of this game, it seems to be pretty great. With all setting placed at max, this game is beautiful! Can't wait to try it in VR!"
76561197972384742,Recommended,517710,33783759,Posted: 25 July,all,victor423,"Ahhh, fast anti-gravity racking that takes me back to Wipeout, back in the day.This is a good racing game.  It takes a while to master the tracks but but they are pretty cool.The graphics are good and this game plays FAST - there's a huge feeling of speed!There is a good selection of cars and liveries to play around with.  Some are faster than others, some can take more damage, others are better at boosting.  There's lots to play around with here.There are also different types of races such as time trials and elimination races.  Actually, I like the time trials best as I can appreciate the feel of the track more.The game also throws lots of challenges at you.  If you win a race, you might get a car for free or upgrades etc.  This kept me coming back for more and going back to old races in order to improve.One downside to this game is that later levels are tough on the eyes.  I had to switch off as the tracks were making me feel a little sick while playing on my laptop.  Doesn't mean I like it any less but worth a mention.All in all, I bought this in the sale but would have been happy to pay full price for it."
76561198118882613,Recommended,517710,33731870,Posted: 22 July,all,AlmostAwkward21,"Everything about this game is really good. The atmosphere, the music, the graphics, and the controls. Everything! I mean, it takes some geting used to, but this♥♥♥♥♥♥feels just like you're playing F-Zero. It's damned amazing. And it's ♥♥♥♥ing thrilling to race at such high speeds. I can see myself sinking a lot more hours into this. Keep in mind, I think I bought this yesterday or the day before. I'm not sure. I haven't really pulled away from the game long enough to think about it.Anyways, in 1 or 2 days I sunk 11 hours into this game. Which, is pretty amazing for me. I usually can tell if I will or won't play a game a lot within the first 45 minutes. It took me, maybe, 10 minutes to realize that I was going to love it.♥♥♥♥ing buy it already, if you're curious about it."
,Recommended,517710,33645589,Posted: 18 July,all,johnratchet3,"A fairly unique control scheme makes for a terrific new take on racing games. Aside from the usual steering, your vehicle can also pitch up and down (only needed sporadically while on the track, but used extensively when taking jumps), and the critical feature of strafing sideways. Strafing allows you to begin changing your angle for a sharp corner before entering it, allowing you to take sharp corners much faster. And speaking of speed, the game feels mind-bogglingly fast. It's a tough beast to learn as a result, but the game teaches you well with its career progression; you start off with somewhat slower vehicles (class 1), along with the easier tracks and race modes at first, and get gradually led up the big leagues.Once you start getting the hang of it, piloting your impossibly fast craft is exhilarating. Other racers I've enjoyed can only match the feeling in a sort of technical accomplishment (managing a corner at just the right speed and revelling in a successful time down the track), but Redout rewards you for just managing to keep yourself on the track. It's an amazing feeling.WIth the core gameplay out of the way, the game is pretty damn good in general requirements and accomplishments; the game looks fairly good technically, and looks absolutely gorgeous in design. The soundtrack is excellent and fits the breackneck pace in a way that you don't really notice it until you realise now and then that the pounding bass was synced  up to your movements. And on that note, there's a nice little gimmick there; whenever you get airborne, a few layers of the music are peeled away and replaced by a (for want of a better name) cliffhanger note, that ceases when you find the ground again. It's a nice little trick to make the music a little dynamic and responsive to your race.The career progression is smooth, and you'll never really want for money (your vehicles and upgrades are unlocked with currency). You're not handed everything early, but if you manage to progress through the campaign in order, you'll find yourself prepared for races an hour or two before actually reaching them. Which is great; you can get a sample of faster class racing whenever you like.I thoroughly recommend Redout to anyone with a taste for racing, and with enough gristle to get good at a non-traditional control scheme. The payoff is unparalled."
,Recommended,517710,33686283,Posted: 20 July,all,GaruuSpike,"Fast, kickin' soundtrack, and it makes me feel like I could take on Sonic the Hedgehog.As much as I dislike the rocket-powered-bar-of-soap handling of the vehicles, the Magnetic Grip passive power-up (when maxed) mostly solves that problem. Still a little slidey, but MUCH more fun to play.10/10"
76561198012031982,Recommended,517710,26396704,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Scorp18,"""Race faster than ever"". I think the devs can't claim that their game is indeed the fastest AG racing game, as other games (having Formula Fusion in mind) are just as fast, if not faster.The graphics are made in a polygon style and athought not my taste they used to be very well made until the last graphics ""upgrade"" in patch 1.2. After that, the contrast and vibrance were boosted so there are some almost black places while the rest of the track is ""screaming"" of colours. Some tracks are fine, some others seem like random turns here and there. The music is better than the usual soundtrack such games include. The controls (gamepad) are good and actually there are three different types of controls you can choose from, which is awesome because you can find what fits you more.During the race you won't be able to pickup a weapon but there's an energy bar that you can use to either boost your speed or to use the ""add-on"" you've chosen before the race. There are also the usual boost pads.In the career mode you earn money which you use to upgrade your ship, to buy the next class ships, to buy add-ons and upgrade them. By choosing the right add-ons and upgrating them, I think the difficulty curve is just right until the middle of the game. Then it's just some very ""edgy"" turns, one after the other. Sometimes there's not even a wall to prevent you from going off-track... You'll feel more like a ball in a pinball game. =)Having in mind the polygon graphics and the lack of pick-ups in the race, it's definitelly not a successor to Wipeout, but a decent AG racing game (as long as you play the not-so-random tracks)It started as a great game with a huge potential but something went wrong on the way.You can still enjoy it at some tracks, with the split screen being a plus but I wouldn't recommend it at its full price... It's a pitty, because the devs believe in the game and it's shown that they've put much effort to it, just in the wrong direction in my opinion...Give it a chance if there's a price-drop though!"
76561198019889233,Recommended,517710,33820587,Posted: 26 July,all,jonasan,"After 14 hours of play my impression is that Redout is the greatest anit-grav racer i have ever played in my life, bar none..... and I have played plenty going back ;)If you have ever enjoyed a wipeout or an f-zero in the past then I assure you that you have to play this game.Redout has blown me away..... it is so very, very good!10/10  - Would eagerly loose control in a tube section and corkscrew out at a ludicrous speed to my death again."
76561198162125807,Recommended,517710,33665136,Posted: 19 July,all,CHANKS42,such a well made game. I generaly never play racing games and this one really got me. My only problem with this game is that there is not enough people online to play this with me. I defenetly love the rush this game gives you and the music is amazing. PLZ just buy it its so worth it. 9.5/10
,Recommended,517710,25342997,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Megghi,"- Some tracks have blind corners like wipeout, but here they're high speed. I don't like it.- Sometimes colors/flashes/blips are too distracting and it's difficult to distinguish the track from the background- AI feels like cheating from race 1.I had fun with time trial but career feels too grindy, I'll re-buy if price drops consistently in the future and AI gets patched.Update: many, many, many things fixed. I really like it now. Still some curves/jumps feel a little too ""leap of faith-like"" but it's a minor thing."
76561198062431243,Recommended,517710,33837556,Posted: 27 July,all,defakilla,I use to play a game called wipeout fusion on ps2 loved it. Seen this game come out and instantly bought it. Brings me back to my childhood.Pros:Gameplay is very smooth but fast pacedDetails in this game look amazingOptimized very well no graphical issues or anything along those linesNow only Con i have is the multiplayer is none existent. Also if you do ever get into a game it will disconnect you saying your speed hacking. Me and a friend have tried just us 2 in a private game but wont work so dont buy this for multiplayer just play story mode.
76561197986873103,Recommended,517710,33869499,Posted: 28 July,all,az0nics,"Hadn't heard much about this game and decided to give it a shot. I definitely have a soft spot for these style racing games i.e. wipeout, f zero. This game is fast as hell, looks great and plays well. I think it plays better as a pure racer and is more in the vein of f zero than wipeout. If you liked either of those games I think you'll appreciate this game."
76561198008930348,Recommended,517710,34009985,Posted: 4 August,all,King Hrothgar,"3/5, it's a cool game and playable with a keyboard, but does NOT have controller support despite what Steam may claim. Looking around, it seems to support a very specific model of Xbox 360 controller only, all others, including common joysticks and Oculus Touch controllers are incompatable with this game. It doesn't even see them so you can't just manually assign axis like any other game. Pretty annoying, but otherwise a good game. Runs smooth at 1440p on an RX480 though it's a bit rough in VR with that card."
76561197993676604,Recommended,517710,34106743,Posted: 8 August,all,Remix,basic racing game with cool graphics
,Recommended,517710,34064129,Posted: 6 August,all,Findus Khan,"Redout is a phenomenal racing game. If you enjoy the idea of zooming across gorgeous futuristic landscapes with a high bpm soundtrack pumping adrenaline into your system-this one is for you.I, beforehand, had little experience with Redout's particular niche, the futuristic-spaceship-kind-of-racer that also holds notable series like F-Zero and Wipe-Out. The genre never really took to the PC platform, as both of those examples are in-house IPs for their respective console families. So Redout is one of a very few racers of this particular niche on PC and it sucked me right in.Let me tell you, the sense of speed this game gives you from the start is amazing. While it takes some learning to control this speed, the feeling you get from smoothly drifting around the inner edge of a corner and then hitting down on your booster to speed out of it is addicting. Winning a race is a kick of its own, but just zoning out on the speed of your movement across a track (once you have learned its layout) feels great.The Soundtrack also adds a lot to this sense of speed, as all of the tracks feature high bpm which really underlines the velocity and force of movement of the gameplay. Also there's neat elements to it like sound appearing muffled when in air and songs being synched well to the starts (and first parts) of the race.The game also does a good job of shuffling around enviroments and race types to not feel stale. The pinnacle of this is the BOSS races, which I enjoyed a whole lot and would really like to see implemented in other racing games. Each environment has a handful of tracks (about 5), of which you get to race all-but-one, before the game wants to put you in a boss race. These races last much longer and consists of parts of all the tracks of an environment stitched together, including that one track that you usually have not played at this point. So you get thrown into a track that is generally familiar, but assembled in an unfamiliar way and adding a part of track that you have not encountered before - all adding to a fair but challenging race experience that really comes close to feeling like beating a 'boss'.Now, there is more to the game, but I want to keep this short, so let it be known that:Overall, Redout is a fantastic game that I would gladly recommend to anyone who is even remotely interested in arcade racing games.The only cautionary note I feel urged to include here is that it is not a game for an old pc. I consider my machine sort of average and it took some time to figure out how to have it run smoothly and also reduce the times it crashes. As far as I am aware these crashes are a result of running Unreal4 with an (old) AMD gpu and will be supposedly fixed in the coming months. I can attest, however, that the game remains playable and to do so is still very much enjoyable."
,Recommended,517710,34048130,Posted: 5 August,all,Nickrev,Amazing anti grav racer.
76561198125686641,Recommended,517710,29929527,Posted: 14 February,all,Foxthorn,"The spirit of Wipeout lives on - and no more low memory crashesUPDATE - recent bug fixes have made this much more stable. Fast and fun - it's reocmmendedEver since the original Playstation the game that prompted me to upgrade to the next generation (PS2, PS3, PSP) was Wipeout.  This is as close as you can get in a modern game, fantastic sensation of speed and varied single player experience."
76561197987156981,Recommended,517710,34001175,Posted: 3 August,all,adonis911,Red Out is a better racing game than i originally gave it credit for.
,Recommended,517710,34026766,Posted: 4 August,all,Gowps,"great racing game, feels bloody fast, dlcs are worth"
,Recommended,517710,34285900,Posted: 16 August,all,JukeNukem,Got this to show off my new rig and ultrawide.... did not disappoint.
76561198148030287,Recommended,517710,34310372,Posted: 17 August,all,SevenDeck,"Reading all reviews above and below me,There is only one more thing to really add.Shut up and take my money!!What a thrill ride of a game.<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3"
,Recommended,517710,34489675,Posted: 25 August,all,ZeroZ30o,"Really makes you feel the speed, with an incredible soundtrack and challenging tracks. I dislike the pitch up and down mechanic (except when in-flight), but it isn't anything noticeable enough to take away the fun of the game."
,Recommended,517710,34548006,Posted: 28 August,all,seafix,"easily the best non-traditional racing game experience I've had in yearssuper polished, incredible graphics, breathtaking tracks, and a perfect physics engine that is fun to learnand all of the DLC are worthy additions to the game tooworth it at full price, does go on sale for roughly $15 USD"
76561198266079733,Recommended,517710,31692083,Posted: 11 May,all,TyreCyberStykket,"Good for people who like fast games. Don't use a keyboard, I learned this the hard way, and now I'm trying to work out a new control scheme. Nearly impossible. Otherwise, You should download this game if you like going fast.I'm revisitng this review again, to say that a keyboard IS Usable. I wasn't doing it right beforehand."
,Recommended,517710,34068383,Posted: 6 August,all,Piss Nest,"Fast RMX but better and for PC. Track design is on point. VR implementation excellent.  I've never gotten into driving games on the whole but these futuristic arcade racers have always gotten me punching toilets.Wishlist for the future:1. Make it feel more visceral. Really make me feel it when I slam my car into that wall at 300mph. Hard to put a finger on any one thing but it feels like you just kind of bounce off them and that the game as a whole could stand for a little more of this.2. A control scheme for VR users where you are holding onto a steering device like those found in modern airplanes, and you can push it to and away from you to control the pitch of the plane. Come on now. Give me a big button I can smack in the cockpit to turbo while you're at it. Come on now."
,Recommended,517710,34662836,Posted: 1 September,all,sonikku dammit,this is the fastest racing game i've ever played and the most fun i've had with a racing game in a long time.i wouldn't recommend it for the VR support. it's very hard to play with a headset on.
76561197995251370,Recommended,517710,34640375,Posted: 31 August,all,Harvey Manfrangensengen,"Such a fantastic and truly fun racing game! I was a little unsure at first, finding the use of the second stick unusual and clumsy, but once I got used to it the racing is fluid and enjoyable, with the difficulty level ramping up smoothly. Definitely still on the side of videogame rather than simulator, there is still plenty of depth in the vehicle design and upgrades. Get this game!"
76561198146424718,Recommended,517710,30439306,Posted: 10 March,all,Kingsman Candarian,"Punishing futuristic racer. Optional fields of view, very fast, hard controls to master yet very satisfying once obtained. Lots of upgrades/cars/tracks/stats but tracks can seem similar especially when you're forced to play many different modes with every new track. 8/10"
,Recommended,517710,34271863,Posted: 16 August,all,Kektimus,"Redout is an excellent alternative to Wipeout. It does away with the airbrakes of old and replaces it with an easy to learn and hard to master strafing system, which - I must say - is implemented way better than Wipeout's ""double-tap-to-strafe-a-little"" feature that you're supposed to have time doing in 500kmph.Redout has excellent graphics, although I'm not sure about the polygon clouds or the point of the jarring portals, but those are minor details.Redout has excellent music... for the most part. Granted, this is like most things purely subjective, but some of the songs made me cringe, bad. There was one song that seemed to try to be a meld between euro trance and metal.Gorgeous sound design. I love the fact that bass is stripped from the music when you're airborne, to really drive home a sense of groundedness once you slam back down to the ground.I really recommend this game. Personally, and you may find this a bit silly, I have trouble playing some maps because some of the songs that play abuse my senses in a negative way. Other than that it's a marvelous dose of high speed racing zen (once you've learned a map or two)."
,Recommended,517710,33018963,Posted: 29 June,all,♡ Oil Pony ♡,"This is my favorite racing game. The tracks are amazing. The progression for your skill level is on point. This game is easy to learn but difficult to master. The online community that is available via Discord is wonderful! Fun and helpful friendly bunch to play with! The davs are also very active in community and game.I bought this to play on the Oculus. When I realized I could also play it on my normal screen and take a break from the VR head set, I was pretty excited. I absolutely LOVE this game. I play it equally on both screen/VR. I had to start out of the VR though, this game is FAST.Like a lot of people said, it is like F-Zero. Just way more tracks, ships, customizations... It takes practice. While it is simple, the tracks get really challenging! There are secret spots and shortcuts you can find also.10/10 game. This is a perfect game."
,Recommended,517710,35191867,Posted: 24 September,all,Manbreakfast,"Easily the best high speed racer on steam right now. Bleeding style and shaders with split-screen coop on top. If you ever want to be overwhelmed by speed, gritting your teeth white knuckle flying at 1000mph than hop right in. Prepare to re learn how to race and grow as a gamer because of it."
76561198156807604,Recommended,517710,35384972,Posted: 1 October,all,usman.sarwar.bhatti,this is one of the best futuristic racing game on the PC. It does feel like FZero but with some adjustments with different gaming mechanisms. I have played the first class which was good but second class seems more challenging.. overall I will recommend to anyone who like to play futuristic fast racing games...such as wipreout and fzero...
