user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198068831468,Not Recommended,518790,33460392,Posted: 11 July,all,ItsBillyFrazier,"Nice game to kill a few hours and even a few deer and bison while your at it...(Only if you master the ways of the hunter of course and dont stomp like bigfoot through the vegetation).Pretty realistic from what i can tell, i dont care to shoot animals IRL, but I'm happy to indescriminatley shoot any furball that moves in Hunter COTW.The graphics and sounds are well executed and it is nice to walk through the long varying maps stalking your prey or just taking that opportunistic  shot at a deer grazing peacefully in the distance... BAM! Spine shot, bambi is now offically venison...That being said, when you have enough of all the trudging through the forrests and mountains, the recent ATV DLC is really a must have that should be part of the main game and not stand alone DLC.And this is where I have to line up my sights and take a headshot at the dev team (Sorry, pun city i know...cringe) . Damn you are a greedy bunch of...The Tents,bivies and ATV DLC - This stuff simply should not be DLC - For the price of the main game, this should be included as standard. I reluctantly bought the game at its price and also the DLC but i have been disappointed with the DLC and pricing.Not a cool move guys...especially the tents/bivies DLC! The ATV DLC is barely excusable as it does  add another small dynamic to the game but even still, it shouldnt be DLC.Surely offering new maps or enhanced weapons packs or better ATV, bivies etc but taking core elements out and charging as DLC is a bad bad move.Another major gripe is that there doesnt appear to be any Modded content available...this game could be so much better if the community were able to build mods etc. However the buisness plan appears to be"" squeeze the customer"", sad really as they have a good game that could probably grow so much more with modded support.Do i recommend?No. I cant recommend the game given the direction the devs went around mod support and DLC.If you are into hunting IRL and are looking for a decent game, well then this is probably going to be for you anyway.... But if you have a passing interest in this concept, then wait for another dev to release something similar or else at least wait for a sale as you will need the ATV DLC.Hopefully another dev comes along and builds on the Hunter COTW concept without the greed and lack of mod support.This is a nice game thats been well made and i would like to recommend but just feel like i cant given the greedy DLC move and lack of mod support."
,Recommended,518790,30002270,Posted: 17 February,all,Count Wulfric,"This will be detailed review by person who was hunting in Real Life and played almost all hunting sims for pc to date.If You want join our Hunting Club too:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/GPVHC--------------------------Preword:I hunted with my Dad years ago, just ... thank You Devs.It is perfect software, not only Game, just bring more stuff and continue to develop, it's like on real hunting with my dad years, years ago. Nothing can be compared to this game. The Hunter, Cabela, Deer Hunter, Hunting unlimited, they died today. Best hunting experience in history of computer gaming.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=873221433It's completely relaxing just to hear pines waving on the wind somwhere over Rotwald area, listening to rain, storm, forest, just close eyes and have that short break on digital nature during day. For real it's best audio-video application for PC and when it comes to give true nature feeling  Call of the Wild is beyond any competition for years. It's great to turn this game on for a few minutes during workday and relax. Not to mention You can easily spend hours and have enormous fun during hunting here.Night hunts or ability to seamless walk/trek/hunt/ in 24 hour cycle is great and going after wounded animal through dark forest is da bong. Especially when you chase wounded 400 kg wild boar in dense forest around midnight...Feelings , presentation and realism are above perfect. If you have ever been on real hunt just buy it. Game have some UI bugs in menu but it will be fixed with 1 or 2 patches. No other problems.Shooting and tracking are real - it works exactly the same in Real life - some hunts are very easy some are long and no outcome - but for real hunter most important is respect for nature and harmony with it - this game as only one in pc gaming history gives that well.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=885527159Night hunts are just thrilling - imagine rural field after harvests at midnight , full moon and you on the hunting tower watching pack of wild boars roaming the field after mouses and seeds .Yes You have head lamp and if You miss vitals or hit [like in real life] big boar it can run good hundreds of meters after.Searching for animal at night are just amazing! Check my uploaded screenshots to understand !YES YOU CAN TURN OFF ALL HELPERS [ very detailed and lot of options to  choose from ! ] and act like in RL.To say more i just forget after few minutes that im playing a game [35 years old here] and feel like in archive movie from one of my hunts in real life. All works the same - animals reacts different , depends when bullet hits, etc. Together with video-audio work of art presentation it makes amazing job. No one ever bring so much real poetry in digital gaming presentation of nature than Expansive Worlds did here.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=885502542This game have so many features that it will be very hard to describe them all. And all of them are well tested and realized in the game. If You ask yourself ""is that feature is here?"" - answer YES it is.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=885844967If you are looking for ethic game about hunting to interest your kids or friends with hunting it's best title ever released. There is no better PC program that can awake love to the nature than this game [and please all eco terrorists who don't even know what real hunting is about just shut up and keep chains around trees still  as simplest hunter did more to ecosystem and nature than band of ecologist through whole their life] .Details are just breathtaking ! Shoots are dependable by range, wind, position, after unlocking some skills and perks [ great by the way , very good mechanics and very real too ! ] . Someone really knows how to present real hunting!And if you only have occasion just listen to Pines waving on strong wind at Rotwald mountians at first reserve. Did i mention that leaves flying from trees depend on which driection wind is flowing? Good.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=885526048Forget about The Hunter - just sink into this title and beg Devs to develop it further [its just great joy to simply walk in this game] - personally i will pay for all DLC for it , and im sure we get some free dlcs too.You are like on real hunt here in Call of the WIlds , im playing on I5 Haswell, 16gb Ram and 1060 Geforce , all on ultra and high - and trust me - stable FPS around 50-60 , and DAT FEELING along with excellent sounds [you will hear very high range of nature sounds, different for each bush, plants, grass, day and night or even part of day or night ] . There is NO DIFFERENCE in visual or sound presentation with normal, real life hunt.Im completely shocked - Light in this game works like in real life too , you will almost feel wet cold mornings, warm sunsets, scary storms.Just like in real life simple walking through woods [hello no one generic fragment of land, each is handplaced and designed like real life, no boring terrain all over the map].About bugs - i havent noticed any in game about what is essential - hunting , tracking, playing .There are small and very minor buggies with UI but it will be easily solved by small patches so really screw negative reviews.If You are hunting in real life, if You love nature, if You hunted long ago, if You are interested in hunting, if You are looking for best looking game on PC , if You are looking for intelligent and enormous hunting application , if You are looking for enjoyable multiplayer hunts [not so embarassing like in the hunter online - all is really better here ] -JUST GO BUY and THANK Devs for realizing every hunter dream !http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=885651194ABOUT ""BUGS"" :Shortly: Leave bugs to vegans and keep hunting and eating meat instead.Longer:And please stop listening people about shooting - it works exactly like in rl life - not only shooting [wind guess [after perk - eralier by observing nature], magnitude setup [after perk] but a way of the bullet mechanics after the hit.If someone never shoot on real hunt he just simple can't understand that hit which lands on ""soft"" part of the animal only wounds it and make a lot of pain and hunter is obliged to track it even 2 days with dogs.If You want to score animal learn to shoot and read some hunting books.Devs here are one of most dedicated and involved in gaming industry and their fame for long supporting of titles is well known, just look at older brother theHunter Classic.And i bet this wonderfull game, Call of the Wild will become it's successor.There are many ""headshooters"" from stupid fps games around here , who never hold and fire from real gun.Trust me this game is as close to real shooting and hunting as it can be.Not only visually [dat scopes GOD! almost smell rubber near eye] , but what is most important from shooting mechanic.There is Bullet drop, wind , calibre and power incorporated and very smart and real hit system.  SO ALL OF YOU COD/CS SONS GO SCREW YOURSELF KIDOS.See You in the wilds !!!Developers please keep this game supported and developed in next years as it's best and most realistic hunting experience ever created. I will gladly pay for future DLCs, and remember about some freeLC too. Just give us more of eveything in next years and we have a deal!"
,Recommended,518790,32702429,Posted: 23 June,all,Tyler Park,"Pros:Beautiful relaxing scenery to exploreHuge open world (50sq miles)Has multiplayer to play with your friendsSome nice free DLCCons:Can be tricky to find animals (but thats realism should be)Can't have mutliple save filesATV DLC should already be in the gameOverall:Perfect game if you love viewing beautiful scenery and appreciating nature but also being able to see and shoot up some animals.5/5 - Loved it so much that I also bought a copy for my friend :3My name is Coyote Peterson, be brave, stay wild! I'll see you on the next adventure!"
,Recommended,518790,30032663,Posted: 19 February,all,Jakkalas,"This is my first review of a game, but I though this game deserved a review as it's been getting a lot of negative reviews that are unwarranted in my opinion.I live in South Africa and have been hunting a couple of times before and it's something I enjoy. What I enjoy about hunting is that you go out into wide open spaces of beautiful nature. You have to patiently stalk your prey, following spoor (tracks), looking at their dung, checking that you're not upwind. It's not easy, and some days you can go the whole day without even getting close to having a shot at your prey.So in context of this game, I never thought I'd ever find or enjoy any hunting game that gives me the same thrill as I get in real life. But I was wrong. This game does really well in making you feel like you're in this beautiful nature reserve with some of the best graphics and sound design I've seen in a game. It really is stunning. I often just stare at a beautiful sunrise or a strong gust of wind blowing leaves off the trees around me. The beautiful world you get to play in alone is worth the asking price for this game.The actual hunting part has been done extremely well. In this game I've felt like it really is quite close to hunting in real life. Patience is key. Checking wind direction, following tracks, listening for your prey's sounds, looking at your prey's dung etc. has been really well thought out and implemented. It can take hours to find and hunt the prey you're looking for, but it feels worth it.I've seen a lot of people complain about bugs in their reviews, and I have seen a couple, but none of them were game breaking in my opinion. If that is what is holding you back from buying this game, then let me assure you, it's not that bad. The bugs aren't that major, and I have to say that it runs extremely well on my machine. My settings are all cranked up and I'm running a GeForce 970, 8GB RAM, Intel i5 2500k processor, and have experienced no lag or crashes.If you want a game to get lost in, that takes time and patience, that is beautiful and realistic, then give this a go.I hope they bring out an African map in a future DLC!"
76561198044985584,Not Recommended,518790,34114688,Posted: 8 August,all,DGod,"If you like nature and hunting, this is the game to get. No game on the market nails down the atmosphere like this one does. In my objective opinion, it has the best looking ""nature environment"" i have ever seen in a game (the playermodels do feel a 'bit' more Cartoonish).CAUTION:if you are a 'run and gun' type of player, this has little to offer you. Also seeing the relative scarcity of animals, you will be walking alot. LIKE ALOT. I personally dont mind because i get immersed into the scenery and audio, hiking simulator. XDIf you play it smart ( aka dont keep running everywhere and scare all the animals away), you can stalk or lure animals pretty fast.Just keep in mind to make your first shot count. This is no zombie shooter game. Try going for the lungs at the beginning, then gradually learn to hit more smaller vital spots. (this is for the noobs who would stalk an animal for 30m then miss the shot because they went for a headshot, then ragequit and refund)At launch there were some problems with animal AI (they kept getting stuck in trees and bushes) and some UI problems.These have been fixed and many other things (however some smaller bugs remain). To be honest i dont like the quests, some are even ridiculously hard (like making a valid photograph of  3 bears in a certain zone)The business model however is deceitful . . . Unlike their previous titel 'Thehunter' that has microtransactions for every little piece of content, ""Thehunter: call of the wild"" was advertised as an ""one time purchase"" , ok no problem even though i knew they would add new reservations as dlc (currently 2 ingame).AcceptabelNOPE,they added some basic stuff that should have been in the core game as ""free dlc"" and started pushing some core game mechanics as ""PAID dlc"", custom spawn/fasttravel points (tents) and motorized transport (atv).Conclusion:transport and cutom spawn/fasttravel points as DLC.Whats the next step in the game development world, selling the ability to save a game as 'DLC'. Yep lets chop the whole game into dlc. The ability to run, the ability to reload, the ability to harvest an animal. ALL DLCI like this game, really. But i currently cant support the business model of the developers. ONCE they start selling 'actual EXTRA content' as DLC and setting the core mechanics they are currently selling to ""free"". I will give this a upvote."
,Not Recommended,518790,31397889,Posted: 27 April,all,SynoNym,now with microtransactions dressed as DLC...
,Not Recommended,518790,31402673,Posted: 27 April,all,MUERA INTELECTUALIDAD TRAIDORA,Unfinished and they try to sell you core features as DLC...
,Recommended,518790,34946995,Posted: 14 September,all,EdenStarGazer,"Where IRL meets fantasy gamingReally, the outdoors experience in this open world sand box hunting sim is so like being in the great outdoors that most sessions I forget I’m gaming. I often even forget the fact that I’m looking for achievements in the game. And, for a gamer who enjoys the thrill of capturing every single achievie, that’s a big deal. It is the total world immersion that makes the experience of COTW so impressive. I’ve only been playing for 3 weeks, but at the time of writing the review I have 60% of the achievements and almost 200 hours in game. I am already the ‘Hero of Hirschfelden’ and ‘Lord of the Lakes’ because I’ve explored the total area of both maps. (*Mumbles to self in monologue-ing voice: “I like that. Yes I like that very much.”) The missions are challenging enough that it will be awhile before I finish them all. So, time in game is almost unlimited. I can’t see a stopping point yet.UPDATE: Edited to remove problem with using 2nd monitor, since the latest patch 1.11.2 this works just fine. Thanks EW for the frequent updates & for listening to the community needs.Story Lore/ Music & Sound:I often think of the game as a mountain climbing sim with hunting opportunities. Of course, that’s because I’ve often wished for a sim for climbing mountains. And, the challenge of discovering all the sights modeled after real-life geographical landforms: archipelago, butte, canyon, gorge, volcano, and much more, is all very alluring. But, many natural points of interest are integrated into the maps, providing a history or lore to these fictional maps that matches their real-life counterparts. You are able to climb every mountain in the game. You can explore totem memorials and abandoned ruins and collect artifacts. The sound effects immerse you in the outdoor world, and the music is lovely. Every area of the map is crafted with painstaking detail that provides eye-catching splendor to each sunrise and sunset.Gameplay:Much of the fun gameplay comes in with tracking the animals, for hunting and for photography with the cinematic camera in the controls. The controls are all very simple, and can be keymapped for ease of use. I like the run toggle so you don’t have to hold down W. I changed the E use key to mouse 5, so that when I’m tracking I can run toggle and use the mouse to navigate and click to read the tracks as I’m running. The overlay provides mapping and a codex that stores all your accumulated knowledge of the world you’ve discovered.The day/night cycle is 4 times the speed of in real life. So you have 3 real time hours of darkness to immerse in the nightlife of the woods, as well as those daytime hours. Many outposts are scattered throughout the maps, and provide access to your storage, the in-game store, and a sleep point. Sleeping allows you to move time ahead in hours. Setting it to 18:00 for example, would make it sundown if you want to hunt at night. But, each time you sleep costs in-game money, making it a bit more of a challenge.Your character and your atv can take damage. Creatures stampede and can hurt you. But, ‘death’ only resets your character at a sleep point & you lose nothing. Atvs are unlimited. Abandoning one at the foot of a mountain is nothing. You can retrieve it at the next outpost, or even pitch a tent, and summon one up. Tents have a limit that seems to be about 7 or so on each reserve. With fast travel, you are able to move from tent to tent if you wanted to be in another location to hunt at dark. I like to explore in the daytime, and hunt at sunset, sunrise, and nighttime.Tracking and missionsThroughout the world you come across animal need zones and tracks. These can be ‘read’ to give information about when the animal species was last there and often how many animals were in that location. Returning to that spot at the same time will allow you to encounter that species, whether for hunting or photography. Multiple arcs of missions are imbedded in the single player to allow the option of structured gameplay, for those who want more than just simple run and gun type game play. Of course, even the most hobbit-like adventurers like me, who love to wander around the countryside seeing all the sites and animals, love to find a cozy spot on a rock overlooking a canyon and accumulate a few carcasses down below before climbing down to harvest them all.The Shooter Experience:COTW has a range of weapons that you feel sufficiently motivated to collect for hunting every species. Of course, more is always better, when it comes to weapons in game. More would be even better. It also has lures, ammo, and other gear for hunting. Scattered around the countryside are woodpiles for building permanent ground blinds using in-game currency. These provide more experience points for the skills & perk trees as well. The skill & perk trees provide a good range of skills to work toward increased hunting experience for the current 60 max of levels. These add abilities such as gauging the weather, and improved tracking skills.DLC expansions added ATV’s and tents and ground blinds. I’m not sure, but it looks as if these can be purchased eventually with in-game funds as an alternative, though it would take a lot of time. Either way, 4 bucks is the cheapest expansion dlc I’ve seen. And, the ATVs are an awesome part of the hunting and exploration. And, the tents allow portable base access; functioning like the permanent outposts throughout the maps. Personally, I’d love to see the addition of boats and fishing. But, that is just a wishlist item. I see no cons to this game.The Diversity of Animal Life:The game is inspired by the book, Call of the Wild by Jack London. Like the book, the game reveals much about the lives and behaviors of animals, and the great outdoors. Many species are integrated into the world of the current two reserves in Germany and America: Black Bears, Roosevelt Elks, Red Foxes, Coyotes, European Bison, Wild Boar, Moose, Red Deer, Fallow Deer, Roe Deer, Whitetail Deer, and Blacktail Deer. Besides the typical colors, several rare & albino furs appear randomly. The upcoming dlc expansion will add a third reserve in Siberia: Medved, with snow and an anticipated new selection of animals such as the already revealed Lynx.MultiplayerI was in Scouting myself at an early age, and later an Explorer’s Post as a young adult. I’ve enjoyed the fun of group campouts with my sons in the cub scouts over the course of a decade & the numerous camping trips with families & friends over the years, and even group & solitary hiking & camping experiences. But, I’ve never been hunting myself. As great of an experience as solitary hiking & camping can be, friendship is a huge part of the outdoors. COTW provides a smooth multiplayer experience, where you can either create your own server game, or jump in with already created servers. All outposts & locations unlocked in singleplayer are also available for quick travel on the multiplayer maps. You can join your buddies for group cooperative hunts or compete in challenges.Graphics:I get 60fps steady & can play mp with crappy internet. No problems at all. Second monitor & the Steam overlay works great with COTW. You can even open vids in the overlay and listen while you shift/tab back into the game, which is really nice while sitting in a hunting stand in the dark waiting on the animal herd to arrive.Call of the Wild is a truly spectacular real world experience that takes all the quality of life improvements of computer video gaming and makes the outdoor life even better.I highly recommend the game for animal lovers, fans of shooters, open sandbox, and sims. The devs at Expansive Worlds have made a high quality game for everyone to love."
,Recommended,518790,29973978,Posted: 16 February,all,Lenko,"This is from the perspective of someone who has been a huge fan of theHunter: Classic for many years and have quite a bit of time and money invested in it.Call of the Wild is a beautiful game environment and solid hunting mechanics; which will feel familiar to veteran Classic players and not too daunting for new hunters to the 'series'.I've seen a lot of people ask if this is anything like Cabela's. I would have to say that CotW is FAR superior to Cabela's; but still maintains a 'casual' hunter feel to it.There are still a few launch issues and bugs however, which really should have been ironed out from the Beta before retail release; including some issues that aren't dissimilar to what has or is being experienced in theHunter: Classic (specifically MP issues).Pros:-Gorgeous graphics-Great sound design-Reserves are very well designed and visually interesting.-Dynamic weather system is well implemented.-Smooth animations and weapons feel like they have weight.-Players can jump! This might sound ridiculous to put on a pro's list; but it's one of the biggest features I wanted in Classic.-Stalking animals is MUCH easier. This could also be listed as a Con.-Progression system with XP, Money and Weapon skill, that will keep you striving to improve.-MASSIVE hunting reserves.-Similar game mechanics to Classic, that makes the game familiar for veteran Classic players.-Good tutorial and hint system for new hunters.-Much further render distance for all the long-shot enthusiasts.Cons:-A few UI issues (unable to click some elements, or non-responsive elements)-Experienced a couple of crashes due to entering the System Settings menu. (work-around is to change settings, then restart the game. Another suggestion is to disable cloud-sync in Steam).-Animals aren't as 'hard' when it comes to Spook range and flee distance from weapon firing.-MP has a few issues. Most noticeably with desync (shooting animals that aren't actually there).-Joining an MP game can spawn you out of bounds, or with 0 health. (This isn't game breaking from my experience as it respawns you near the host. )-Can't quit to Main Menu - only to Desktop.-Can't progress your characters environment/lore/tower unlocks in MP.-No in-depth stats tracking and weapon skill progression compared to Classic.-Progression flow is a bit off (Receiving missions and being advised to use specific callers; which you can't yet unlock due to level or money requirements)-No truRacks system.-Some may find the game too grindy to unlock new weapons and itemsAll in all, I would still recommend this game in spite of its launch issues; if you can tolerate a few bugs.If you are expecting a 100% flawless release, then perhaps give this title a miss until the developers have ironed a few creases out.I'll happily update this review in the near future to accurately reflect any developer changes to anything listed above; or anything new they introduce.I hope this helps!"
,Recommended,518790,30225627,Posted: 27 February,all,Mike,"Ok so, here I am. One of those guys who's going to give the game a positive review.I've read many of the negative reviews and most of them are actually fact based and have legitimate complaints (instead of people who just hate hunting games saying they hated it.  If you're listening, don't play warcraft if you hate elves and dwarves, and stop playing grand theft auto if you hate cars.)So, yes, the game has many issues which need to be fixed ASAP and many others which we would all like to see dealt with over time.Having said that,  this game was a great way for me and a close friend to spend some time walking through the woods, when we are too far away to do it in real life. (not to mention, regulations on hunting here are a bit more strict than in game where you can bag 6-7 deer in one evening haha)The scenery is great, its well done, has a ton of variation, and lots of space. Its also pretty simplistic in its design, not a ton of gimmicky stuff that isn't needed... Have you been way out in the woods before? Its a lot like this game shows.The feel of the firearms is good, the sounds (when they work) are good, the animal behavior is above exceptable, the game offers challenge as well, since you don't start playing, and an hour later have every piece of gear available. I like the ""grindy"" aspect of it. Maybe others don't but I call this a bonus.The game is quite relaxing and slow paced, perfect for when you need a break from the typical ADHD shooters of our current time or bucket-of-ice-cold-water to the face pvp most online games throw at you.  I like to put this one on the big screen in the living room with a fire going and an ice cold lager, and take my time looking down those fields and wandering the woods. Definitely a relaxing, low stress title here.So, what needs fixing? well...Plenty.   I'll write more about it in suggestions, and hopefully some Devs can take a look at what I have to say!TL;DR    Yes its not perfect, but with some work it easily could be one of, or even THE greatest hunting game title (depending on what you're after)  Is it worth the cost?  I'm going to say yes, but only with the stipulation that they continue to work on it, and provide the community with more content and bug fixes without asking for more money.EDIT:   wanted to include what i posted in suggestions.Ok, so I've only played about 10 hours so far, but I thought I should write this while the thoughts are fresh in my mind.  I'll start by saying that I gave this a positive review in steam, and suggested people take a closer look at it.  I spent quite a few hours last night having a lot of fun playing multiplayer with a close friend of mine.  We talked a lot on discord and discussed a few of the issues people are complaining about, as well as some of the bugs and issues we encountered ourselves.I think this game is really good already and potentially will be amazing.  Having said that, here are a few things I would like to draw some attention to (in no particular order);1. Option of ""exit to main menu/home screen""  I really think this should have been here already, and many agree.  Exiting to desktop is a bit annoying, especially for people on my friends list who see ""mike is playing, mike stopped playing, mike is playing"" lol.  Lets add a ""quit to main menu""?2. In Multiplayer, only the person hosting is able to interact with the (?) on the map. As far as we could tell last night, only the host is able to fast travel as well. This is a huge disadvantage and also makes no sense. It would be nice to say ""hey, lets all meet at the lodge/outpost for a moment and restock and regroup"" or something. It can take a while if you get separated to walk all the way to your friend!  Not to mention, wandering up to a landmark or lookout and not being able to do anything, or being unable to build a blind, etc.  Lets make it so anyone can use these things!3. Money.  So, I have no huge issue with this but I wanted to add a few personal points here. I think the money system should be scaled a bit.  I'm going to use $, so please euro players, etc, bear with me (i'm canadian but I'll use USD).  A box of ammunition doesn't cost 300$ in real life.  and the normal hunting rifles a regular person buys (i'm talking AVERAGE here) are maybe 2000$ or even less.  (I bought a browning for 800 once, and it even came with a scope).  I think charging 30,000$ is a bit high. Perhaps have the money earned cut down a bit, and then scale the cost of things for a bit more realism.  I'd suggest 20 rounds of ammunition for lets say 45-50$4.Sound issues.  Some people don't have this, but a few I've spoken to do. I don't know about you but for me, there is nothing worse than waiting an hour for that perfect tag to show up (deer, etc) and lining up your perfect shot and then ""silence"" when you pull the trigger.  It's quite anticlimactic when that happens. Not to mention the calls sometimes being silent, or rain sounding a bit buggy, etc.  I hope these sound bugs are eliminated soon. Not a deal breaker for me, but should be addressed.5.Here's one I haven't seen anyone mention. Why do female characters run like the flash? Friend of mine literally leaves me in the dust when we're moving together (and yes I triple checked, i'm running, not walking)  She ran about 85% faster than my male character. Is this a bug or intentional? Do male characters get some other bonus like carrying more weight or something? (not being sexist, just asking)  Is there a point in playing as a male when you can essentially speedwalk as a female?6. Wildlife changes.  Bird hunting should be added (and forgive me if it is but I haven't unlocked it)  if you're going to have shotguns in the game, there should be geese, duck, turkey, pheasant...whatever.  As far as I can tell this isn't really a thing. Can anyone confirm? I've not read anything definite so far, but some have told me there is no such gamebirds added. More wildlife would be nice too, but mostly just the bird hunting (a favorite of mine in real life) is something I'd love to see.7.Group activity.  It would be fun in multiplayer to have some quest/challenge that is co-operative. Maybe a party system or something where if 2 people collaborate on a kill, they share the rewards, regardless of who pulled the trigger.9.I've heard this mentioned before but,  seasons.  Would be kind of interesting if you could make some selections when starting a multiplayer like winter, rain on or off, night only, day only, fall, spring...etc.  Some other maps/terrain variations in general would be nice (sort of goes along with that)  Just vague ideas I'm throwing out here.10. Firing range, practice. Something like that might be useful for those who have never hunted or shot in real life, or are new to these types of games.Well, that's all for now, I welcome any comments and bumps."
,Not Recommended,518790,31392788,Posted: 27 April,all,☣[GER]DubToxic☣,"Payed 30$ for a Buggy♥♥♥♥♥♥game and now they give us the First paid DLC for things that should be there from beginning. A lot of Bugs and Glitches, not even an Dynamic Antler size system all look the same crappy way.That my friends gonna be the start of an DLC-Queue where you can buy every little thing (Rides,Tents,Sprays and other♥♥♥♥♥♥)Don't Waste your money on this, this gonne be the next The Hunter ala Payday2."
76561198307181390,Recommended,518790,32033634,Posted: 28 May,all,SirPudding,"Absolutely pretty gameits amazing how graphics are nowadaysthe maps are a work of art.not sure why people are negative towards dlcgame is well worth 30 euros for menot encountered any major bugs myself,  but bought it after patch 1.7game is like stalking prey while enjoying the amazing open world"
76561198062905946,Recommended,518790,34811124,Posted: 8 September,all,Kerzoth,"I've never written a review for any game I've bought because I feel like the community usually does a good job of laying out the pros and cons. But I had to for this game because the negative reviews are ridiculous.This game is a HUNTING SIMULATOR. There's an entire genre for this and this is the best ever made. Hands down.It's not call of duty and it won't appeal to people looking for a run and gun game. So if you buy and complain that you can't 360 no scope a moose... you're an idiot.I've hunted quite a bit in my life and I never thought a game would be able to do such a good job of replicating the feel of being deep in the woods, creeping through the brush slowly towards a big trophy so you can rub it in your friends faces that you're better than them.Seriously. This game is incredible but it takes patience (just like real hunting). The world is gorgeous and you can get lost for hours. If you want to see what hunting is like or you hunt and It's currently not in season... This game will scratch the itch. Don't let any negative reviews change your mind. Those people Don't understand what this game is."
,Not Recommended,518790,31394038,Posted: 27 April,all,rotsaC,"rly, tent dlc already?"
76561198079901520,Recommended,518790,30450738,Posted: 11 March,all,Zephyr,"Alright guys, so after playing this game for a bit,  I find a lot of good things.  The graphics are outstanding, the hunting is fun,  however I feel like there should be some more content in the game,  its good but could use some trap/skeet ranges or something,  maybe some more guns,  and FISHING,  the devs should add fishing."
,Not Recommended,518790,30070426,Posted: 20 February,all,Warrior,"I would say in its current state don’t buy it unless you really like the original thehunter. Right now there are a lot of bugs and glitch’s. This game should have been an early access to be honest. Overall the game is pretty fun, the graphics are fantastic, the side missions are fun yet challenging and the overall realism is pretty good. I would say after 3-6 months this game should be in a good state for a purchase but right now I would say wait a bit. 7/10"
76561198157778640,Not Recommended,518790,33145019,Posted: 2 July,all,ThatsSoRapin,"STOP CHARGING FOR DLC!!!!!!!! That was supposed to be the point of this game. Otherwise, we'd be playing the free version and paying for upgrades... You even said, you wouldn't be charging for extras....♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.. I'm just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198030593462,Not Recommended,518790,30082186,Posted: 21 February,all,SaveMySoul,"Updated review after 52 hours in and 4 updates.TL;DR: this game should be marked as an EARLY ACCESS GAMEWhile I can understand the dev's motivation to urge users to report bugs, I cannot fathom how they can release this game as a ""finished product"" but treat their customers as early access testers.Bugs I've encountered:- Animals get stuck and stand still. They cant run away. You can pet them.- Sometimes you get stuck in a bush and then die of falling damage.- Trashiest, clunkiest and buggiest UI ever. Even after the patch you have to (at least) click twice on stuff and pray for it to work.- Apparently not only the wildlife, but also the UI buttons require a hunter's precision. If you don't click on a specific area within the option you want to navigate through, the game won't recognize your click (UI is absolutely buggy and has ""hidden hitboxes"").- Map doesn't center around you when you open it. First few moments upon openning the map have to be spent on zooming in/out and finding where you are.- There seems to be no consistency regarding the ""loudness of the sounds"" you create. Crawling through bush X in this area is silent. Crawling through bush the same bush in another area is suddenly loud. Also wind and rain seem to not have an effect on your (displayed) sound-level.- After playing some time with your Phone (ingame item that helps you tracking) out, your fps start to drop from 50+ to 13. Only happens when the phone is out. Then the next bug kicks in...- Suddenly all tracks vanish and don't ever appear again. Renders tracking impossible. You have to restart the game. Going into the menu and back ingame is not possible, since there is no button to return to the menu.- The scope on the rifle bugs out as soon as you start using a bow. Use a bow and your rilfe's scope will be rendered useless (don't use a bow).- Not receiving skill points all though I get notified I got one (?)- Not receiving perk points all though I get notified I got one (?)+ Many more bugs OTHERS discoveredTechnically not a bug, but simply bad design:) You can't walk through some bushes (which is fine in itself), but in some areas they are placed en masse which turns said area into a maze. You have to navigate your way through hip-tall bushes that in RL you wouldn't even need to bend but here they are WALLS. Try to jump over them and you die of falling damage (that is a bug though)."
,Recommended,518790,30166181,Posted: 25 February,all,Il Mufficida,"Tl;dr:This game looks absolutely gorgeous, the performance are great (i5 4590 and a GTX 970, 40/50 FPS at Full HD with Ultra settings) and the gameplay is fun albeit slow paced, suited for both casual and hardcore gamers.There are some bugs to be ironed out but I haven't found anything gamebreaking yet.The most annoying thing is the inability to select the walking speed with mouse and keyboard (it's possible only with a controller) but it's already been worked on.- Fixed with patch 1.2I've also found out that for now some achievements can't be unlocked- Fixed with patch 1.2No crashes on my side but I've readreports of freezes/continuous crashes from Windows 10 users, so if you're not a Win7 user I'd advise caution buying right nowPro:Beautiful graphics and sceneries, really good audio compartmentWell optimized: an i5 4590 and a GTX 970 are enough to play at Full HD witheverything maxedUltra settings* (maxing Shadows causes FPS drops in various places) with 40/50 FPS stableFun (albeit slow) gameplay, suited for both casual gamers and hardcore hunters: the game helps you find tracks, downed animals and even collectibles, and you can tailor your experience by enabling/disabling each option individuallyNo microtransaction or additional feesCon:The UI is pretty buggy and not clear to read, especially the ingame map and manual UPDATE: after patch 1.2 the map is still kind of glitchy but the ""noise/visibility meter"" has been fixed and now works properlyIt's currently impossible to select the walking speed using mouse and keyboard, which means that you'll always make a lot of noise scaring animals. Devs have announced that they're already working on it and should be addressed with the next patch- Thanks to patch 1.2  is now possible to do so even with keyboard and mouseThere are many other generic bugs but the devs are really active and have already released four big patches to address most if not all of the gamebreaking onesWildlife's AI has some flaws but I haven't noticed totally unnatural or crazy behaviour - UPDATE: 15 hours in I've found a single case of animal stuck in place, besides that the AI feels really natural (shot a buck, almost been charged to death by him while the other does of the pack ran away - it was awesome)Around half of the achievement are bugged and can't be unlocked, mainly the trophy-related ones- This is now fixed and every achievement unlocked but not awarded due to the bug has been credited to me as soon as I loaded my savegame"
76561198067311242,Not Recommended,518790,31404636,Posted: 27 April,all,TheP3n1sM1ght13r,It'$ now pretty obviou$ what the dev$ are after....
76561198096718077,Not Recommended,518790,31395731,Posted: 27 April,all,Aging,"First of all,the game is not bad.I really enjoy the hunting.But,the paid tent DLC is so ridiculous!"
76561198001116296,Not Recommended,518790,33393528,Posted: 8 July,all,Ort,"I've had some fun, but the game is riddled with bugs and it's aggravating. I don't recommend buying this unless you get it on sale. The same goes for the DLCs.And not just things like ""animals get stuck"" or weird AI, but absolutely trivial UI bugs. Things that any UI programmer (not just gaming) has to deal with. Bad scrolling in the store. Stats on items switched around. Clicks not registering. Menus registering in-game clicks and doing things after they've been dismissed.There are bug reports in the discussions section dating back to February (it's July as I write this) that are just stupid, fundamental mistakes that any remotely-competent UAT or QA/QC process should have caught, and yet they're still not addressed.On top of those fundamental UI problems, the game does indeed also have problems with the core gameplay. Crouching in blinds puts you too low (can't see out over the half-wall), but when standing your head is too high (can't see the skyline, only the terrain right near the blind). Animals getting spooked by a gunshot, but then within a couple minutes returning to the same exact place, even right next to the carcass of the animal just shot. You can literally take down an entire herd without moving. Kill one, call them back, wait a minute, and repeat. Or if you shoot them from 250+ ish yards, they won't run away at all... like they didn't even notice one of the herd just dropped dead.Some areas are grossly overpopulated (20+ Elk within 100 yard diameter circle), others are virtually deserted. When you combine the this with the AI issue above, it becomes apparent that the best way to gain money and XP is to find those good spots and just farm them dry.Meanwhile there has been 2 paid DLCs (which are also buggy). It's not hard to see that the developer isn't particularly concerned about quality."
,Not Recommended,518790,30062948,Posted: 20 February,all,Vincir,"This game should have been an early access title.Random crashes, bad multiplayer, bad AI, wonky menus are just a few of the problems I have with this game.With that said, I'm still having fun with this game. But that is primarly because of the people I play with. The game does have a good base, but it needs a lot of polish and expanding.Simply put: This game needs the Early Access tag for me to recommend it.Edit: Removed ""very slow progression"" from my list, since they fixed this in the latest update."
76561198066253605,Recommended,518790,31905459,Posted: 22 May,all,SABINA,"Amazing Hunting/Hiking Sim, Unfairly Underratedhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=918934092Fantastic hunting simulator. Large open world. Beautiful graphics. Immersive audio and weather systems. Realistic mechanics. Optional quests and rewards. Hidden lore and loot to find. More than fair price range, with additional free content being added. More additional content in the form of dlc. Some bugs, but nothing game-breaking or to detract from the overall gameplay in my experience thus far, and the devs are working on it. The devs have honed their skills in previous games to bring us this one. It's not their first rodeo.So, all this begs the question, why the low review rating? I mean, what's not to love here?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=919246069If you read through many of the ""not recommended"" reviews, they generally read something like this: ""Fantastic game! But..."" or ""I love this game! But..."" or ""Best hunting sim ever! But..."" and so on. The ""but"" is an almost universal gripe about a tiny, optional content dlc that reviewers think should have been part of the base game. They consider the dlc a sign, contrary to initial projections, that there will be micro-transactions on the horizon. So the result we see here is an ugly trend in the community to try and bully the devs into compliance, with negative reviews. The negative reviews on the game are almost entirely reviews of the dlc, not the base game. This is unfair, and akin to journalistic terrorism in my opinion. As a result, it has put the devs and mods on hyper-defensive in the forums. The low reviewer rating that has resulted from the negative reviews will cause less people to buy the game, in turn lowering the revenue for the devs, thusly diminishing the likelihood of quality updates and additions in the future. I understand that the reviewers are trying to force the devs to make positive changes to what they see as a poor business model, but the actual effect that it has, in reality, is only to hurt the game and the chances of getting the improvements they want. I'm all for freedom of expression, but there are forums for communicating with the devs, positive ways to get the message acrosss, without attacking a game that they admittedly love because they didn't like something about one dlc. The next content addition has been announced and will be free. But has that made the reviewers change their reviews back to positive? Of course not. Hence the often learned lesson: never negotiate with terrorists.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=922747560theHunter: Call of the Wild is a great hunting simulator. The gameworld is big and beautiful, immersive and awe-inspiring enough to double as a pleasant hiking simulator. I will keep coming back to this game when I've had enough of all the linear shoot-em-ups out there. If you are interested in hunting sims, have a hunter's eye that can track movement even when the object is well camouflaged, if you have the patience to stalk your quarry through the driving rain, love the tense thrill of lining up that perfect shot, and after it all enjoy a gorgeous sunset vista from atop a watch tower... if you can get past the reviewer rating (seeing that they are not actually game reviews, but reviews for one dlc) and give this game a chance, you will not regret it.Recommended for screen archery inScreen Archer's Guild"
,Recommended,518790,30239501,Posted: 28 February,all,Grish,"Hunted the same injured moose for over 2 hours, and now I'm incredibly stressed.10/10 would develop a drinking problem over this game."
76561198098464333,Not Recommended,518790,34084134,Posted: 7 August,all,CunnilingusCrab,"Fix the family picture quest and I'll fix my review.  I've photographed two sets of bears in Layton Lows and neither picture counted towards the quest.  When your main campaign missions don't work, there is a problem.  This game has been out for too long to have that kind of game breaking issue."
76561198019824292,Not Recommended,518790,30016355,Posted: 18 February,all,Red259,"I am a fan of thehunter classic and invested a large amount of money into it, so I was eager to play this new game. They have the right idea but honestly it should have never been released in the current state. There are bugs everywhere from clipping through the ground if you go prone, to a graphical glitch with the scope to animals acting in total bizzare ways/ bugging out all together. I regret the purchase. My advice would be don't buy it and wait to see if they actually fix the game. If everyone runs out and buys this it will only encourage the company to release unready games in the future as part of some sort of money grab. If they take pride in their work they will fix these bugs. It looks like the game need another month or two of work on it before it was ready for release. The game may be worth picking up in the future but only if they fix these issues because its unacceptable when I come across several bugs within the first hour of play alone."
,Not Recommended,518790,31448079,Posted: 29 April,all,jdblacks7,"I would never recommend this game to anyone in its current state... Bugs, bugs, and more bugs! Please someone make a good hunting game"
76561198019739577,Not Recommended,518790,29963459,Posted: 16 February,all,philaitch,"post 1.10 update.Well the  compensation for the missing DLC tents has still not arrived, over 7 weeks after the bug was first reported.  An instant fix would have been to make the tents free to purchase with ingame currency, if you had already bought the DLC.  It seems that this game will eventually end up the way of Primal, with EW just walking away from it when the flow of money dries up.The hype at launch that this game was written by current Devs and therefore wouldn't suffer from the same problems as the hunter, which was inherited software, has simply left us with only possible explanation.They are incompetent software developers, with little or no Q&A and are solely driven by accountants, with absolutely no pride in their work.Post 1.62 review.Still not recommended, not as many crashes, still quite a few bugs outstanding and here come the DLC's.The business model of a 'One time only' purchase didn't last long.Tents and ground blinds are now here, about time too.. problem is they've put them in as a $3.99 DLC.  Now you might be happy that they're here, even happy enough to part with the extra cash, but they should have been in the game from the start.EW's statement that COTW wouldn't have micro transactions, seems to have gone by the board long before the last of the major bugs have been ironed out."
76561197987873796,Not Recommended,518790,32992888,Posted: 29 June,all,BeeDee,"Negative review, here's why:Tracking is buggy, sometimes it works sometimes it don'tFree shooting range is buggyControls are buggy(map it to something and the it don't work)DLC ATV has no control remap(bad for those FEW of us who don't use WSAD)Animals tend to glitch out.....a LOT(constant running in circles at high speed after spook)Kill shots are usually marked as very little blood loss/damage(when shooting a deer through the lungs at less than 10m with a .240 caliber round it should not run 2km taking dumps and bleeding all the way)Moving at more than a snails crawl will alert animals within a half mile radius to run(hunters don't have to crawl on their hands and knees to stalk and be quiet)The game is pretty for sure(rain and wind effects are the best I've ever seen) but the game mechanics are making it impossible to enjoy.I will review again if improvements are made, but for now, hold off on this one."
76561198030357093,Not Recommended,518790,30369185,Posted: 7 March,all,Vargr013,"This one hurts... I was really looking forward to it, but it lets you down hard.It has the potential to be a really good game, but unfortunately it's way too far from finished.For every reason to play, there is, at least for the moment, two not to. I don't even know where to start, but here goes.The bugs... this game is so broken.Disappearing animals, disappearing tracks, the photo missions are a bloody mess (the patch didn't work), sometimes your scope sights work, at other times it just looks like you're looking through a tube on top of your rifle.Over and above that, I've experienced three complete system crashes. Just not good enough.The walking... oh my good gods, the walking.If you're looking for a game that's more of a hiking simulator than anything else, you've come to the right place!Everything is so bloody far away and while you can fast travel between base camps, you still have to discover them. Walking 4km to a mission is not fun - even if you can shoot a few things along the way. This is especially fun when you've walked more than 3km and your game crashes.Giving me an achievement that I've run an ultra marathon doesn't help either. This isn't called The Marathon Runner.Progression... making me work my♥♥♥♥♥off for something that's worseFirst of all, skill points and perks. Their effects are nominal. You don't actually feel like you've progressed at all. The ability to judge an animal's weight doesn't work, because the developers never really got around to sorting out the whole kg/pound conversion thing just yet. Then, of course, you have to choose whether you want to range your sights, or judge the windage of your shot (the windage often differs significantly from the general wind direction, because, you know, deer farts and stuff).Secondly, the progression of firearms.THIS!I worked my way up to the .338 - they don't say whether it's a .338 Lapua or Winchester. Regardless, both of these cartridges are renowned for their accuracy. Not in this game though. 0 accuracy. 0. Nought. You work your way up to the best (and most expensive) rifle in the game and it can't shoot straight.Lack of contentTwo maps, each with their own animals. But it gets old quickly.The missions are all the same, the amount of weapons are ridiculously small and the ""balancing"" (I presume) between damage and accuracy just means that one is slightly less crappy than the other.Having said all of this, it does have a few good points.The hunting is fun and it'll keep you entertained for a few hours.The game is beautiful - the terrain is awesome and the animal models are pretty good.It seems that the developers are pretty keen to improve it, but I'm extremely disappointed that it was released in this state. This game is not finished and letting people buy it so that they can help you pick out the bugs is total BS (even though it is an often too common thing these days).Again, this has the potential to be a really great game, but for the moment, I'd steer clear."
76561198268831250,Recommended,518790,30338900,Posted: 5 March,all,才才235,"Ok，I am from China. BUT want the developer can see my evaluation , I will write in English .  I think we only experience hunting from this game . BUT the hunters life not only hunter , they will be  tired or hungry .  I think this game can divide  into the survival mode and hunting mode .   Someone may just like hunting and have fun can play hunting mode . The other players want to experience whole hunter life  can play survival  mode .  The  cooking and make clothes from animal fur may give players more sence of achievement .It's a good game , it's make me quiet  by  call of the wild ."
76561198034304751,Not Recommended,518790,30233454,Posted: 27 February,all,WetBoxOfLemons,"EDIT TO REVIEW:So I've been watching this game closly and the devs are very very active in fixing and tweaking the game. They've fixed some issues I've expressed below so I now have high hopes for this game. It's not perfect but the patching makes me hopeful.My experience with this game:-Decide to try stalking a deer-Follow closely behind on although never getting to see it because it can hear me crouch walking through foliage made of old sun chip bags-Crouch walking for an hour at least, get acheivement for tracking 50 tracks for one animal-Another hour later finally see deer glitch humping a rock, I could walk up to it and it would keep glitching-Decide that wasn't rewarding so move onto another deer-20 minutes later hear one mating call-Crouched and moved toward it-Rinse repeat 50 or so tracks later I have a clear shot-Aim scope, a third grader could hold it more steady-Decide to try prone, my guy must of grabbed a handful of foliage and duct taped it to from of scope-Take a shot from crouch, headshot-Deer runs away like nothing happened-Figured ""Well it shouldn't take long to bleed out""-Investigate blood splatter ""flesh wound""-Stayed stationary for 10 or so minutes, had cup of coffee-Track blood trail-50 or so blood splatters later decide to let it bleed more-I go to town, shop at the mall, go on real hunting trip, shoot deer in exact spot as on game, it bleeds out within 15, carry deer back to truck, drive home, gut deer, hang meat up, smoke a good amount of it, go to college for 4 years, get married, have kids and realize I left game running, go back to check it-Track 50 more blood splatters, finally find deer-Take another shot, body hit-10 mote blood splatters later finally find deer body, victory-Rifle skill +1-Can't buy anything useful from shop without genociding all deer-Any real hunting equipment you need 40 hours of gameplay to actually get toActual Review:-Weapons: It takes far too long to level up to the point of unlocking a new weapon, and even longer to get the cash for one. It seems like when I earn enough for one weapon I've unlocked the next one and have to choose to earn enough for that one or buy the lower weapon class one. I realize using different weapon classes provides an integrity bonus, for example using a lower calibur bullet on smaller game gets you more cash. I'm not sure if I understand this entirely not being an avid hunter.-Codex: Very bare bones for information. Doesn't quite explain the most important issues like how to use certain equipment and why the highest calibur rifle has an accuracy of 0. Looked for a wikia and didn't find much. But I shouldn't have to use google to have a base understanding of a game.-Callers: Very very useful, almost to a fault. I've been hunting only a few times in the real world and callers have not worked so well for me. It seems like I just sprint through the forest, hear a warning call, use the correct caller and wait. Seems like the other methods of hunting in this game are much more difficult and I find myself using callers to farm money for hours just to buy a new rifle.-Leveling up: Extremely slow leveling progression. I have 35 hours and about 150-200 animals hunted. I'm a total level of 15. Very few skills I can get and very few perks. I understand hunting is a time consuming activity and a simulation should be as realistic as possible, but it seems like grinding levels takes the fun out of it.-Glitching: I've experienced many glitches. I press ESC and it sends me to another reserve, after taking a shot with the perk to stay scoped it shows me down the barrel of the gun instead of scope, serveral several animals are stuck on rocks and trees, [E] Inspect stays until restart of game, certain items requiring 0/0 skill remain locked through entire game, animals remaining upright after death, after coming out of aim it auto spins me 90-180 degrees instantly and animals shot over ~300m don't take off running.It is a beautiful looking game and has a lot of good aspects to it. But the gameplay seems underdeveloped."
,Recommended,518790,29985542,Posted: 17 February,all,Crayons,"No longer do you have to pay to get necessary items. That's a win in my book.Edit: Sometimes, you just can't win in life."
,Not Recommended,518790,29961979,Posted: 16 February,all,lazyboy82,"Update after 60+ hours:I decided to quit the game for now, it is simply unfinished, too many issues. For many people, including myself, the game randomly freezes which is equal to crash. Two weeks passed, 4 patches came out, but this issue have never been adressed. I've had enough. Yesterday I  returned to the store GTX1080, which I bought specially for this game. I was hoping to enjoy it as long as the original game. But it is very far from enjoyable. I mean, in 4K it looks stunning, easly the most beautiful game I've seen. However, after the excitement of graphics faded, there was nothing left that would have forced me to play. I'm not even talking unique antlers, leaderboards and competitions, you better forget about it. I mean everything in the game is unfinished or broken. Weapons, callers, animal AI, sounds, menus, descriprions, every aspect of the game works wrong. And this is a very serious obstacle to immersion and fun. A few patches that are released, do not fix anything. I know these developers since classic. You can ask them for months to fix autoreloading... Here is a new game, and again the same problem! 7mm/.338 auto-reloading after each shot, not allowing me to follow wounded animal with sights.  Deer bleat caller has slow-motion behaviour, and is imossible to switch to another item. While jackrabbit caller for some reason can be interrupted instanlty, but the sound continues to play. Map is terrible and slow loading, focusing at random point instead of player. Waypoint doens't work. Even when you need to mark a spot you standing at, it's impossible to do. Weapon and ammo descriptions lie, penetration/expansion is mixed up. Another insult to common sense: 45-70 caliber in this game is so weak, it's the same as .243,  both ammo are class 2. Animals follow calls like a zombies. I made a video shooting deer with an bow, they all come back to call in a minute, even wounded ones! I can go on forever....I know most of this issues will be fixed in a couple of years. But I'm not going to wait this time.EW_Anna, this is all just words, the fact is that you released a poor quality product that should not be allowed to Steam. When the game started to freeze every 5 minutes, I asked for refund, which was declined. You all knew the game is unfinished, full of bugs and not tested properly... I can't respect decisions like this._____________________________________________________________Original review:Extremely bugged and bad optimization(GTX980 1440p 40fps). The game wouldn't save some settings after restart. Have to click 60 times to decrease mouse sensitivity from 80 to 20, why there is no SLIDER?! Still mouse moves too fast, and the game resets setting for me every time! Sometimes it's impossible to exit in-game menu (only to desktop), pressing the button does nothing. Once I lost the progress on the map, and so on.. Considering return because of that.Graphics look good, especially close vegetaion and foliage. But on the distance not very impressive. Reminds me the same old classic hunter, which I have played for more than 1000 hours total..I disabled all arcade elements I could. Still there are signs and pointers flying everywhere. The game is very easy, the main goal is to kill everything that moves(or stuck). In the classic game I enjoyed walking a long distances through beautiful environments, searching for a monster buck, trying to avoid other animals, almost never shot does and small bucks. There was a leaderboard, daily events, personal galleries, trophyshots, and we could discuss our trophies, and so on. For me this was the main point of the game. It was fully focused on quality, not quantity. Here we have another story - kill 'em all, this is how you get xp and money to unlock unlocks, so you can unlock more unlocks even faster. All antlers look the same, there are no unique racks, no scoring system, no trophyshots, no reason to play after everything has been unlocked. I'm not interested in just shooting the same animals over and over again, when there is nothing to discover.Wouldn't recommend at this point, at least because of bugs. As for the gameplay - may be they will improve it later, but I doubt it."
,Recommended,518790,31023768,Posted: 8 April,all,Hootro,"Okay ... so this are one of those games you want to take your time with and appreciate what this game has to offer.After playing an intense CS GO comp or some COD. You really want to immerse yourself into this game.Like trust me this game is really, really good. The graphics in this game is super gorgeous. If it was a girl.. I'd marry her.The hunting is superb. There is nothing more satisfying then killing a animal after hours of walking and tracking.And I don't mind the walking because I just love to take in the scenery and the rain and the sounds and the rest this game has to offer.The sounds are soooooooooo good. The rain wants to make me sleep. The thunder wants me to grab a blanket and go hidein the cubboard or somewhere. All I want in this game is vehicles. Would be cool to drive around and sometimes when you too lazy to shoot. Just drive over you're deer. EZ PZ ! 0_0 . Some glitches here and there but nothing too intense.Ey devs srsly.... charge us money for a ♥♥♥♥ing tent.... nooooo common...."
,Recommended,518790,30002969,Posted: 18 February,all,Limbcutter,"I think after the tutorial, this is the greatest game of all time. I shot a female deer through the neck. I named her Diane, after my abusive step mom. **** you Diane."
,Recommended,518790,32929550,Posted: 28 June,all,✘Mewlie✞ #ricegumisabitch,"This game is a must buy if you like hunting or want to try it, its the best of its kind out there and the multiplayer is just on point.Pros.-Good Graphics-Realistic enough.-Physics are good-Gameplay is on pointCons.-Missions cannot be completed if you're in multiplayer."
76561198013733630,Not Recommended,518790,31490552,Posted: 1 May,all,gonczy458,"I have thoroughly enjoyed my time spent in the hunter cotw so far. But I do believe the route they are taking this game on is a disastrous one.They currently released tents as a 4.99 dlc pack that lets you buy tents in the game, place them, and allow you fast travel and outpost options. I have no problem supporting game companies but you can see how this is going to go down in the future... you want a new gun? How about 6 dollars. How about new bullets that are better than the polymer and soft tip combined... 8$.  It leaves the developers an insane amount of freedom to charge ludicrous prices for things that don't take much work, and moves this into a micro transactions based game. If I wanted that I would go play candy crush, boom beach, or some other iOS/android game.I understand the company needs to make money but they are going about it the wrong way. They need to focus on larger content releases that are bundled together. Make a new hunting reserve with 10 new animals, 6 guns, tent features, etc and then charge $20 for this. That is content people are wanting and would pay for and you might see your reviews go up because you are asking people to pay for a reasonable amount of content.Just imagine if sky rim followed this model. You start off the game with 10 enemy types, iron/steel class weapons and armour, and 2 major cities. If you want glass, dwarven, daedric armours you purchase the bundle for $5 each separately. You want to fight 8 different enemies.. how does a $10 dlc pack sound. Oh you want access to the other 4 major cities and their quests.. $20 each, fast travel$5, horse riding$5, it can go on and on. However you include that in the base game and you get great reviews and more game purchases.I wish the developers the best, but until they follow a less sketchy business model they do not have my positive vote for the game. I will change my vote if they change their business model and hold true to a game not based on microtansactions."
,Not Recommended,518790,34129647,Posted: 9 August,all,Asylom404,"So as a big fan of theHunter, I figured I would pick this up when it came out. And as many have said, the Environment, and audio and world design are goregous. As a hiking and occasional shooting game its nice.However about a month before the ATV DLC release I had reformated my system and everytime i think to reinstall it, I remember that the Devs completely lied to the gaming community by telling everyone that the game would be a one time purchase with eventual New Hunting region DLC to come eventual. This would be acceptable.But as with all greedy gaming companies, they make every improvement to the game that should have been there from the beginning a new micro-DLC purchase. Its nothing more than a polished money grab. And as a result I wont be reinstalling anytime soon, if ever again. And would honestly ask for a refund if I could. If you are comfortable with the micro-DLC structure of the game i would recommend just playing theHunter Classic, It at least has content to support the transactions."
,Not Recommended,518790,33111940,Posted: 1 July,all,[Slam],"Look, this game is fun and all but it's plauged with SO many bugs it is infuriating.Oh, you set a setting? Let me just reset that for you. -gameOh, that deer you just killed, yea, you cannot harvest that. -gameOh, you joined your friend? Gun? Who needs one of those. -gameTracking? Youve never changed your tracking settings? Aided tracking is off. No, you absolutely cannot turn it back on. -gameOh, you switched maps? Bye bye game settings. -gameMid way through tracking an animal? Have this bug that the closer you get to tracks makes them literally disappear. -gameThere are many more issues I cannot think of offhand, but the bugs serioulsy ruined this game for me."
76561198056603955,Recommended,518790,30438897,Posted: 10 March,all,iMi,"I have to say that this is perhaps one of the most beautiful games I've ever played. The scenery and the level of detail from terrain to lighting effects is amazing. I am running it on maximum setting. Visuals are absolutely stunning.There are couple of things I'd like to see addressed:1. Addition of a vehicle would be welcome. The area is expansive and talking simply takes too long to get from one area to another. Of course, the point of the game is to walk the vast terrain, to observe the pray and scout locations. It's a simulator in the true sense of that word. But having a vehicle to quicly reach a hunting area would be great. Yes, there are check points with fast travel, but it's not enough.2. Walking noise could be improved. You have to move very very slowly to avoid making noise. That's also a very realisting idea but taken a little too far in my opinion.3. Tracking animals is unreliable. At times the track simply stops as if the animal was abducted by aliens. At other times it reaches a point where it goes in a circle. It's a little frustrating when you track game for a good while only to reach a dead end.4. Some bugs. Although the developer seems to be very engaged. It's a minor problem at this point. No crashes or anything. Just weird visuals. Once I shot a fox that was standing next to another fox and the second animal didn't even move. Just stood there. I could walk up to it and shoot it point blank. Odd. Unless he ""froze"" on purpose which I doubt.Overall, very unique experience. Visually stunning. First hunting game I bought. It really is great and I would recommend it.Happy Hunting!"
,Not Recommended,518790,33267471,Posted: 5 July,all,Maco,"If you buy this game get ready to hop about on the DLC train!After I saw the trailer, cruizing through the woods with your friend on a quad, decided to give the game a shot.Launched the game and realized soon enough that almost everything is DLC.The quad in example is a 4euro DLC, so for something as basic as fast travel is already DLC.I have not and will not buy DLC that is for something that should be in the base game-rep"
76561198013397733,Not Recommended,518790,31501603,Posted: 2 May,all,Trixie,"Tents DLC pretty much shows you what these Devs are all about, don't support these guys, I thought they're cool, I thought they'd put free content in free updates, sure nothing big, I can't expect them to add entire maps with whole new stuff for free, but goddamn tents?! TENTS?!No.Shame on you Devs, shame on you."
,Not Recommended,518790,33999919,Posted: 3 August,all,Edsysds,"On the current state, I cannot recommend the game.The game itself is beatiful, and was a real nice experience before I tried to play Multiplayer with my friend, which was the whole idea behind buying this game.The Multiplayer did not work at all, 120+ ping all the time, desyncing movements all the time made the Multiplayer unplayable, and I hope we can find a fix for this asap, since I couldnt find too many people with the same problems.(Both of us have good internet speeds, drivers up to date, and comps good enough +60fps all the time)Also the bows are super awful right now which was a super disappointment (poor range and accuracy, but thats not a huge deal)Pros:-Beatiful graphics, good performance-No p2w like in classic (Even tough some DLCs already but ill let it slide)-Missions-Perks and Skills, so you feel like doing some progressCons-Multiplayer is not working for me and my friend at all, really suprised that I couldnt find too many people with the same problem, so I feel like this is a problem I could have for a long time.-Archery is really really hard without any perks/skills (This arrow TV series inspired vigilante would really like to hunt everything with a bow and arrow)-Some bugs like Huntermate not working at all (Nothing happens when you press TAB), and not hearing sounds (Gun shots, deer callers)-Cannot look to sides meanwhile running with ALT yet, like on hunter classic-No automatic timeout if connecting to multiplayer doesnt work, and you need to force shutdown the game"
76561197970676333,Not Recommended,518790,31438164,Posted: 29 April,all,Tanto,"I never review games good or bad, but in this particular case I feel the need to.  Overall it's a decent hunting sim, but it's incomplete.There is not a lot of variety per species.  Basically it's 2 models male or female.  No huge bucks small bucks.. just bucks or doe.Waterfowl is not in, you can't setup ground blinds or tent.. oh wait they just added that.. but you have to pay for it.There in lies the problem.  It's not a complete game, but you have to pay for all the remaining content that ultimately makes it complete.I'd say put this on your watch list.  In 2-3 years when all the content is released for it maybe you can get a steam sale and they can bundle it.  If you buy it now you'll be paying hundreds for this game.I'm all for paid DLC, but not when the game is incomplete to start."
76561198005529051,Not Recommended,518790,33273790,Posted: 5 July,all,Noobs On Toast ™,"I dont often give bad reviews at all,but for this game i feel i have too as most of the new stuff they added (atvs and tents) so far is paid DLC the game is expensive enough without having to buy these DLCs and as i rudely told by a MOD on the forums as i apparently ""wanting free stuff as i had no money"" is quite disgusting,and i have money i just refuse to pay full price for a game then keep having to buy these silly things that personally should have been added for free,paying for an expensive game."
76561198371719251,Not Recommended,518790,31404849,Posted: 27 April,all,Jay,"( + ) : Beautyfull graphics and sounds. Large hunting zones.( - ) : Bugs bugs and more bugs ! Multiplayer game is clearly unplayable !  Bugs/glitchs fixing are made at very slow rate and eficiency ! They even put back former bugs they had fixed before !/!\  DLC for CA$$$HHHH !  /!\  2 month after the release, they launch the first (but not last) DLC for cash : 5€ for tents & blinds ! Also the game is ""sold"" as a ""Pay once for all"".  In the same time the game paid 30€ is still totaly bugged ! A shame !!!I shoundn't have paid for this ; i wish i knew they will lie about the ""pay once for all"" and sale the game in pieces of 5€ each ! i'm so disapointed !!I will wait for the new ""Hunting Simulator"" arriving in June 2017 to see if i quit this game for good. They have 2 months to fix their game and behavior. But i'm sure i'm dreaming awake."
,Not Recommended,518790,30030839,Posted: 19 February,all,Marty McFlash,"tl;dr  I like it, but it is a $30 USD Open Beta at the moment.The things that work in the game are good.  It feels a lot like theHunter Classic from several years back, but without subscription fees. That's the best thing about the game.  There's more here at launch than the Classic game had at launch, which is also a plus.The problem is that it is absolutely riddled with bugs, poor design decisions, and a lack of certain features which made the Classic game fun to play for so many years.  It easily could have used another 6 months to a year of development before release. Or at the very least, released it as an Early Access game, because that's essentially what it is at this point in time.The Good:1. The hunting is great.  Aside from a few bugs and other minor annoyances.2. Graphics are really nice.  Easy to immerse yourself in the world.3. No subscription fee. I've been waiting for a subscription-less Hunter ever since the Classic game released.4. No microtransactions or other real money purchases. All the weapons and equipment are able to be bought in game without having to pay real money for them.5. Xbox One controller support.  Seriously this is great. With as much walking and creeping around that you have to do, it's nice to just use the controller and sit back relaxed.  And you can still use the mouse to shoot if you want. I've been using the controller to move, and the mouse for precision shooting.6. The game is self-contained. No more having to go to theHunter website to setup your hunt and launch.The Bad:1. Bugs. Bugs everywhere.  From sounds not being played, to hunting structures not allowing you to build them, to animals getting stuck in the scenery, it is absolutely riddled with bugs.2. Progression system feels poorly designed.   It takes forever to acquire enough ""experience"" to unlock new weapons and gear.  13 hours into the release version, I'm level 9 and have unlocked 1 gun, a bullet type, and maybe a caller?  The perks and skills system could use a reworking as well.   Apparently at least one perk doesn't seem to work for anyone.3. No global leaderboards or competitions.  What's the point of harvesting a great trophy animal, if you can't see where it ranks compared to other people, or enter it into a competition? The competitions are one thing that really gave the Classic Hunter such longevity.4. The missions.  One of the first missions you get is to ""photograph"" a deer for a woman's book.  I want to hunt, not take screenshots. Adding to the frustration is that it seems like you have to do this in a very specific area, and at a very specific distance from the deer. Apparently you get more photography missions later, that get even more specific.  Maybe this could have been more fun if they actually modeled the camera like a real world DSLR set up for wildlife shooting. Instead the game's camera is basically the HUD removed, and replaced with a grid. No zoom controls that I could see.  So basically your smart phone from 5 years ago had more features in the camera than this one.I'm pretty much ignoring the missions right now unless I accidentally trigger one.Could be Better:1. A lot of things could use a bit of rework or tweaking.  One thing I'd like to see added is more fast travel options. If I build a hunting stand somewhere, I'd like the option of fast traveling to it like you can do with the outposts.If the devs don't abandon the game, and continue working on it, it has a lot of potential.  I mostly like what is here now, and I could potentially spend a lot of time with this game.  It wouldn't take a lot to flip the thumbs down to a thumbs up. Mostly fix the glaring bugs and maybe tweak a few of the systems in game. That's not asking much.  I just have a hard time fully recommending the game in its current state."
,Not Recommended,518790,31452351,Posted: 29 April,all,Joey,"Bought game for 29.99 on one day and the exact next day put out DLC you have to pay for. Like others have said ...if it was a new map or weapons pack, that is one thing and I would be willing to pay for it. But tents and blinds.... That is lame. Should be in the game to begin with."
,Not Recommended,518790,33311759,Posted: 6 July,all,Sarcastro,"I purchased 2 copies of this game along with all the DLCs for me and my brother to play together.Unfortunately the game is littered with game breaking bugs that make it impossible to play, especially in multiplayer:- The connection/netcode is really bad. The latency is twice what it should be. Players freeze, glitch and teleportaround constantly.- Shots do not register correctly on animals for both host and clients- Sometimes bullets go through animals or the animals glitch out on hit- Phantom animals that the host or the client sees, but not the other, because they're not actually there- Semi-immortal animals that come alive after you kill them. Had to headshot one deer 15+ times point blankbefore it decided to stop coming back alive after ragdolling and bleeiding on half the forest (I was the host)- The second player cannot use his hunter gadget PDA/Tool, without tracking is extremely hard- Missions impossible to complete in multiplayer- The second player cannot unlock landmarks or use/fast stravel to the camps that are unlocked by the host- An animal can randomly jump in front of your ATV and instead of being killed, your ATV exploads while theanimal runs away unharmed- Sometimes the players just dont see eachother at all before both players restart the game- The bullet drop is nearly impossible to estimate, you dont see the bullet or some kind of hit indicatior- The UI glitches constantly, you loose the ability to change items randomly- The direction of the tracks in world and in the PDA tool sometimes dont match and often have little tono correlation to the actual direction the animal went to- Death/run mechanics make no sense. You can make a direct headshot in the eye and cause ""light bleeding"",you can shoot it 2 times in different legs/bones and it still runs with no trouble- Bear AI is worse than Rust- Animals get stuck and run in circles Rust styleThis is not the full list of bugs and problems with this game.This is an EARLY ACCESS game, it should not be sold as a full release.I didnt sign up for an early access frustration festival"
76561198067209983,Not Recommended,518790,30062458,Posted: 20 February,all,N1tromad,"so this game is well good and bad.if you dont play the hunter classic enough to make membership worth while then this is a good replacement for the on and off player.so pros and consconswalking bugsstuck animalsmissions run the game progessloading screens in and out of hideshaving to find outposts in each area to be able to fast travel thereitems level locked (mostly very high levels too)going prone somtimes see u under the mapcan't follow your shots as scopes bugs outmisc. tracking bugslack of items (guns etc)cant support gun while prone so still get scope shakeprosnight hunting but light do not scare animalsanimals create trailswater and feed and rest areas (yeah u can shoot bambi has he sleeps)no extra money to hunt other animalsvery nice lookingno longer need ""huntermate"" to check tracks/callslooking though glasses lets you pin point animal callscan build hides (cost money and only in set places)so far its ok i never played hunter classic enough to make membership worth it so thought i try this game. it not bad some bugs nothing game ending.i do hate the item unlock system though basic stuff like callers,scent remover is like lvl 20 odd and leveling is not fast. most likly take me 100+ hours to unlock the basic stuff.i am saying not recommended at this time because purely on item level lock and amount of bugs.once bugs are fix i would most likely recommend this but item lock is hurting it for me."
,Recommended,518790,34136409,Posted: 9 August,all,TheLeeGuy,"This game is great to kill time on. It is visually beautiful and the map is vast. I've had a lot of fun in the first 10 hours I've owned it, however, there are things I feel should be pointed out.ProsVisually stunning. Seriously, this game is beautiful.2 different vast mapsOne of the best hunting games out there for the price, especially if you get it during a sale.The animal sounds are very realisticConsAs everyone has already stated, you definitely want the ATV. It is really crappy that it isn't included in the base game. The maps take forever to travel without it.Speaking of the ATV, you can't run over the thinnest of small trees without it stopping you in your tracks. It's like you hit a brick wall, whereas realistically you should be able to run them over with ease. Also, it is super easy to lose control of.A lot of the missions are hard to complete due to animals not spawning in or it not registering you being in the correct are to complete the mission.The game needs more animals to hunt, possibly waterfowl and varmint.Some variation of danger needs to be added to it. Right now the only time you get injured is by fall damage or if an animal runs into you when it's trying to run away. Maybe grizzly bears or mountain lions, cold, hunger, etc.Hunting at night is a serious chore. It isn't very hard to see without the head lamp on, however, you need the head lamp to track your animal, and you can't see anything in your peripherals while using it. There needs to be some kind of fix for this, such as night vision or better peripheral vision.It took me way too long to figure out that you needed to select your arrow type to use with the bow instead of just adding them to your backpack.The game crashed on me while using the picture option in game, needed for one of the quests."
76561197992777559,Not Recommended,518790,31402000,Posted: 27 April,all,Disco_Pimp,"The game should be in the beta stage at best.  So many issues with the wildlife AI (a deer would run into a rock and just continue to run into it and let you shoot it).  There is also several issues with the damage you inflict (sometimes numerous hearshots to kill a deer).  There are times that you could get a clean shot though the lungs at close range and the deer will never bleed out or die.And on top of this, they then decide to throw in paid DLC for things that should, in my opinion, already be in the game.  Plus, paid DLC for a game that feels like it is far from a finished product is just plain bad.TL/DR:  Too many bugs/issues and paid DLC for a game that should still be in beta."
76561198066356786,Not Recommended,518790,31405071,Posted: 27 April,all,oi m8,"Was having fun with this game, until they added payed DLC."
76561198114155967,Recommended,518790,29986693,Posted: 17 February,all,Snagglepuss,"for 30 bucks its not a bad game , id wait a bit personaly but its gorgeous and hunting works thats all i want"
,Not Recommended,518790,31427949,Posted: 28 April,all,Ambien&Daiquiri,Paid DLC lul
76561198037167345,Not Recommended,518790,31450459,Posted: 29 April,all,wallywally11,"The game?Beautiful, engaging, visceral almost.The content and business ethics?Terrible, greedy, just bad for the industry.I'm not the type who wants everything for free, but I do expect basic features within the game to be part of the base game when I pay $30. It's almost like they stripped features out before release and decided they would make them DLC for more money.Want to fast-travel to places you've already been? DLC for that.Want to be able to get around a little faster and still look at the world? DLC for that.I don't see it ending any time soon.Some people are saying the negativity is unfair, but I believe it's completely justified. This company has a track record of greed. I'm not sure why I expected it to stop with a ""full release"" game for $30. A true perversion of the industry."
76561198067175770,Not Recommended,518790,31443443,Posted: 29 April,all,firebird163,30 Dollars what a great investment for a game that will get fixed and finished. NOOOOPE! HERE WE GO WITH THE DLC!-_-
76561198132184655,Recommended,518790,35081691,Posted: 20 September,all,bowhunter4life_2007,I've collected every hunting game since Deer Hunter 1 came out by Wizard Works and Sunstorm Interactive in 1997. Have all the cd's to everyone and all the original boxes and have played them all... and I must say this game is the best hunting game of them all!! Best graphics I've ever seen in any game to date 9/20/2017 and best game play in a hunting game i've ever had!! I am a hunter in real life and absolutely can't get enought of this game!! But I have made a lot of friends playing it on steam and there seems to be just as many non hunters if not more that play this game and have a blast as well!! Very beautiful game... and very great game play. Way to go Avalanche Studios and Expansive Worlds for making the game with the best graphics... and most immersive game I have ever played and the darnest best hunting game I've ever played as well!! And I own them all!! Thank you guys for creating such a great hunting game guys!! Was so worried after deer hunter 2005 when southlogic studios ended the deer hunter series... then deer hunter tournament came out and was a joke... then there was the cabelas hunting games.... and let me tell ya... we all know that their games suck... Cabelas sells great gear.... but lets be honest... their hunting games are the worst... But anyway... one again thank you guys for making such a great hunting game and bringing the hunting genre back to life after the deer hunter series died. Sincerly thank you!!!! And for the record... if anyone hasn't tried the hunter classic... it is a great game as well! I have just as much fun on it as  I do this game. The graphics aren't as good and render distance isn't as far but still a terrific game!! I have over 730 hours in thehunter classic since i've joined steam and many more hours before that and I have over 750 hours in Call of the Wild!! Both a must have for any gamer and especially for my fellow hunters out there!! This game is SOOO good!! Buy it you won't regret it!! If you don't hunt and just want to see the best graphics to this day buy it and just walk around and take pics and enjoy the scenery. You can even stomp the grass and cornstalks down as you walk!! I'm telling you this game is the best!! If I didn't work a lot of hours at my job I'd have way more hours in these then I already do!!
,Not Recommended,518790,31419043,Posted: 28 April,all,RecluseGamer,"Greedy devs, copying their free to play items over as DLC"
76561198315258300,Recommended,518790,30023440,Posted: 18 February,all,OutDoorsMan,"The Game is really cool and fun, im not sure if there is an option to put out your own blinds and feeders, it would be really awesome if there is an option to do so. THe graphics are great, the framrate has micro stuttes for me, but im getting constant 60 fps, ultra 1080p with my gtx 1070 and my i7 6700. I wish they would add a vehicle like a atv or utv to make getting around easy and fun. This is the most impresive hunting game i have ever played and really excited about the potential, these devs really know how to make a good sim hunting game. I would definetly recomened geting this game if you are at all interested in hunting/fishing, amaizing experience all around. This is my very early thoughts of the game as time goes on i will most likely write another, im new to ""The Hunter"" games i dindnt pick up the f2p classic because of the micro dlc, i love the one time pay."
76561198057858097,Not Recommended,518790,31445047,Posted: 29 April,all,Xanton,"So I've played for something like 170 hours hours now... I think it's safe to say that the game is good value for money for anybody that likes hunting games. So yes, it's definitely worth the £30. It's a difficult review because I think the game represents good value, but the way in which the developers have managed development among other issues leaves me unable to leave a positive review. My main issue with call of the wild is that it doesn't come close to reaching it's potential.Before I actually get started, it’s worth pointing out that I’m not going to discuss any of the well-documented issues concerning the despicable state that the game was launched in, the sorry state it is in now, the countless bugs, or the pricing of DLC. Of course, these are all important issues but they have been discussed to death, and if you don’t know what it is I’m talking about, you don’t need to look too far to find out.Call of the wild is, simply put; unrealistic, repetitive, and offers little to no challenge. The only reason I've managed to play the game for as long as I have is on the graphics and genre alone. If you want a hunting simulator, do not buy cotw. It's not a sim... it's a hunting game. Here's some reasons why...Animal populations are stupidly highThere's so many animals that you can easily take 20+ animals in an hour. It takes away all of the satisfaction of actually shooting an animal. Players don't need to be killing dozens of animals in a single sitting to be entertained. In this case, less is more. A lot less.... 20% of the current animal population/frequency would be more appropriate. Of course, level/xp requirements would need to be adjusted to fit any population change.Let’s not forget that in cotw, there are herds of sometimes 30+ red deer/bison/elk. When you take these into consideration, they really kick the population issues into overdrive. Realistic herds and groups are a great addition to the game, but previously exagerrated global animal populations need to be adjusted to account for this. There is also the extended view/shooting distance to take into consideration. This makes it far easier to find animals. The map contains many wide-open spaces which allows for easy spotting of animals and sniping. Again, extended view distance is another great addition, but the limited view distance in thehunter classic was one of the reasons animal populations needed to be exagerrated in the first place. With the view distance increased, there's no need for so many animals.Animals warn you if they're about to fleeFlat out unrealistic. If you take an animal by surprise, it will flee or attack. There may be some specific circumstances under which an animal may grunt or growl at you as a warning, but it will likely be followed by it either turning and running or attacking... So yes, warning calls do happen. Just not nearly as often as this game would like you to think. It's easily exploited and kills a lot of the need for realistic hunting tactics. Many of you that have already played the game have probably fallen into the habit of sprinting from location to location until you hear a warning call, hitting the dirt > blasting your caller over and over for 30 seconds > shooting whatever it happened to be this time. This brings me onto my next point....Callers / animal behaviourCallers are fine on their own. Okay the callers system is pretty bare-bones, but my issues is mainly with the animals' response to callers. If you're hunting in real life, you call the deer in and take your shot and miss... that deer isn't coming back any time soon. There are anecdotes of deer that have been stupid enough to come back moments after being shot at, only to meet their demise upon their return... but these stories are significant because that kind of behaviour is so unusual. But not in call of the wild! In cotw, animals will always come back withing mere minutes of fleeing. All you need to do is blast your caller a few times and hey presto, it's a miracle. You get another chance to shoot that big buck you just missed! but don't worry if you miss again... this is an equal opportunities game after all! You get as many tries as you need, and without having to do any of that tedious tracking! why on earth would anybody want to track animals in a hunting game?Fleeing distanceThe reason you are able to call animals back in this way (other than the fact that the AI is dumb enough to fall for this trick) is because the animals only flee 70-100m. When shooting into a wide open field, you can literally spook a deer 2-3 times before it even disappears from line of sight. Again I feel I have to spout this disclaimer of 'I know this can happen in real life' because people will always use ""but that happened to me one or two times, in 20 years of hunting... and thus this is the most realistic game ever made"". In cotw, animals will never flee for more than 150m (and that's being generous), unless they are spooked twice. Just for comparative purposes, in real life a deer can flee for miles. A good case scenario would be 500m - 1km assuming the animal wasn’t wounded. You'll either have to track the animal down or wait for the next. THAT'S HUNTING. By failing to accurately portray animal fleeing realistically, EW have removed a huge aspect of the hunting experience. Of course, none of it would matter if they increase animal flee distance on its own, because why would anyone bother tracking an animal for 20 minutes if the populations are so high that they can find and shoot 3 more in that space of time. The only instance in which somebody might make that time investment is if it's a very high scoring buck... but who cares about high scorers. cotw is all about quantity, and not quality.These are some of the main issues concerning realism and difficulty. There are many more issues than this, but they are mostly minor and more forgivable. I think the game was made in this way in order to attract new players to cotw and classic. EW have tried to tone down some of the sim aspects of classic so the game is more accessible to players with no real hunting experience or less time to play the game. This is, in my opinion, probably the most fatal misjudgment made by EW. Thehunter classic was not inaccessible in terms of difficulty… I, myself have introduced many people to classic and not one of them had any problem picking up the mechanics, even when I was not there to show them the ropes. Call of the wild did not need to be less challenging or realistic. In fact, there was quite a lot of room for cotw to become more challenging and realistic. There will always be an audience that has no patience for walking long distances, or waiting for 30 minutes just to see an animal, or having to spend a good deal of time tracking down an animal after they missed or messed up their shot. Truth be told, even call of the wild isn’t ‘casual’ enough for these people. All EW have achieved with their strategy is alienating players that want realism and challenge, and falling short of pleasing players that don’t want these things.Probably the worst part of all of this is that lots of us have seen this coming since beta, just hoping that EW had the sense and willpower to turn it around. Maybe they will in the future, but I can’t see that day coming any time soon. Call of the wild is a fantastic game, but it will soon be forgotten. Thehunter stood the test of time, even with the burden of an extremely unpopular payment model, outdate graphics and hoards of negative reviews. Unfortunately I think call of the wild is nothing more than a half-baked sim that doesn’t know what it wants to be. It’s exceeded expectations in terms of graphics, but has fallen far short in terms of gameplay. Ultimately, I don’t feel it lives up to its predecessor, regardless of the many issues classic suffered from."
76561197992526609,Recommended,518790,29965312,Posted: 16 February,all,Fallenglory,"The Hunter was and is still the most realistic hunting sim with the release of Call of the Wild. You can start in one of the two gigantuous reserves, in the 2 hours I've played so far I've just seen a very small part of it. The whole game is about waiting for that right moment to take your shot and is very zen like to play overall, since you have such beautifull surroundings.I was really hyped when I saw the upgrade in the graphics compartment and even more important NO MORE LICENSES!!Where is this review coming from you wonder, well I used to play the original and really enjoyed it with many hundreds of hours. Don't be alarmed by all the negative reviews, since the game is still under development. The game is surely no arcade shooter do not be silly everyone, the ingame helpers are great for newer hunters and can be turned off accordingly under the gameplay menu.For 30 euros you cannot go wrong here, since you have full access to all the species and stuff you need to hunt them.9/10"
76561198045283684,Not Recommended,518790,31447375,Posted: 29 April,all,fungusamnguss,"and it starts .... this game looks like its gonna go the way of its predecessor and within a year, the full price of this game will be way more than the $30 initial price. paid DLC for features that should be included and still in Early Access!! just fail"
,Recommended,518790,32853071,Posted: 27 June,all,LodgeViking,"Pretty good game. Small glitches here and there. Multiplayer could use more features. Feels like the game is sort of in a ""Barely maintenance"" stage at the moment. 7.5/10"
76561198012581473,Not Recommended,518790,31441586,Posted: 29 April,all,Chrisman01,"ok, I loved this game.  Shelved it because on release it needed a lot of polish.Many things were fixed, and they were promising a better way to fast travel; it takes *forever* to get anywhere.  So much so that the game is NOT fun, you spend more time walking than hunting.  There's no garuntee you'll find your wanted prey if you're travelling, you need to travel to certain areas before you can begin stalking what you're looking for.So... they released the new fast travel update as DLC.  You need to buy tents with real money, then every tent after you need to grind for.Another game ruined by moronic decisions in the name of profit."
76561198014602602,Recommended,518790,29973465,Posted: 16 February,all,Swashbuckling TubeCat ☁,"An early game review:So i think most people reviewing this negatively are being way dramatic about the state of the game. It's a bit buggy but it's nothing that cant be fixed with a good few patches.This game is one of the most beautiful games out there right now, runs fine for me personally, quite well really.Points starting from bad to good:- Yeah there are bugs, for sure. Menu buggitude, people sayin bears are bugged a bit too. And whenever i would harvest an animal my game settings would get reset. Im hopeful these things can get fixed pretty easily tho. As far as stuck animals go, as a game developer, problems like this can be really difficult to solve and are common in a ton of games. I think they should maybe look into it but im not going to blame them too hard if i see the occasional stuck animal. i only encountered one stuck animal in my play time and it was just a dinky rabbit.Edit: After some more time i have noticed a few more stuck animals which is unfortunate but not game breaking really, id say youd end up seeing one stuck animal per 2 hours or so of gameplay. Some more bugs as well such as scope clipping and bugged animation on scope zoom, some fps drops wen tracking animals long distances using the phone thing, and game freezing occasionally, sometimes recovering other times not.- Some people talking about the game being too easy and too many animals but id like to know what game they were playing because for me, trying to get a good shot and then not being able to and spooking the animals and then having to track em down for like an hour without seeing anything,, i dont think the game was too overflowing with animals. However there are a lot more animal calls sometimes it seems, which i think is fine and turning off the audio visualzation is good idea as well.Edit - A little more detail on this: Sometimes there can definitely be quite a few animal calls, a lot more than were in theHunter classic. Personally i dont really have a problem with this as they are just calls, and they arent distracting if you have the vocal visualizations off. While running around you are likely to never actually see any of the animals calling unless you run into a field where there may be a few animals grazing (but this doesnt feel unrealistic to me at least) but it does hark on to my point about sound where animal calls are louder than they should be really. Maybe putting the calls on a seperate audio slider or something. Its also important to NOTE: if you hunt out an area and scare off animals its totally quiet out there. So in all, i still dont feel there are ""too many"" animals as the likelyhood of encountering one is not astronomically high or anything.- I've seen some people say its lacking content? But from what i can tell the maps are huuge and vary pretty good in the areas and there are a fair number of animals to hunt right now, as well as a fair amount of weaponry. The game is not like a full price AAA release, its half that in fact, and, if you were to compare it to theHunter classic, this game is a bargain. If you wanted to do any of the stuff in this game in classic youd be paying for a membership and paying real money like $5 per weapon. The game has plenty of content for $30 with more to come in dlcs.-This game however, does not have a lot of the features that classic has in terms of competitions and leaderboards and community. I think this is intentional and likely to stay that way. Both games serve a purpose, and the purpose of this game is not to be exactly like the last one, but a more standalone experience not tied down to microtransactions and a separate launcher with community stuff and accounts and all that jazz. This may turn some of the more hardcore hunters off, and if it does, then i dont think this game is for you.- Does not have free look to detach look direction from walk direction. That would be a veryyy nice thing to have and i dont know why it isnt in already.- Uses a progression tree in terms of weapon perks and various skills. This is a highly subjective way of doing it but i think it is a fine way to do it. I dont think its anything special and is highly debatable but i dont think it should be a turn off. It just allows for progression of the game and your character, which by the way, theres just about no character choice options... this easily seems like one of the most underdeveloped things. but eh.- Sound is very immersive and well realized. Ive seen some people complain about the sound being bad somehow but this is crazy talk if you ask me. Maybe im just not hardcore enough of a hunter to really understand but i think some people are just babies.Edit: while i still think sound is very good, some things ive noticed after more time are music cutting out randomly, bear calls being cut short, and sounds of russling and animal calls being a bit too loud.- A quick graphics review: The game is gorgeous. Hands down the best nature ive ever seen in a game. If i had to gripe about graphics at all as a hardcore graphics enthusiast, shadows are pretty blocky, but they can get away with this because there is a ton of foliage to break up the shadows so that you wont notice unless you reeallyyy look at them. Still a higher res shadow option could be nice, but i think they used resources freed by using lower quality shadows for more impactful features elsewhere. The clouds if you look at them too hard are obviously just moving textures in the sky but whatever really the game is about nature not clouds and they look pretty good when not viewed under scrutiny. Water reflections are a bit low res.. i know reflections can be intense but at least an option for some higher quality reflections would be nice. Also about reflections, and this can be an issue with water effects in a lot of games, around edges of objects where water is in the background there is a weird halo around them, not a super big deal but very noticable. No option for anti aliasing??? this is a weird one but i guess there is AA applied somewhere at least, maybe tied to quality setting, but not cool at any rate. That being said, i havent really had any issues with aliasing, its not a jag fest like some games are. And you would think this would be too with all the foliage. And don't even get me started on the foliage, its so dense and detailed and even reacts to animals and players to the point where animals leave paths through the grass as they walk, easily the best foliage ive ever seen in a game. Overall, Beautiful game.I think that covers most things.Conclusion:The game is pretty good for the price. A must have if you like walking simulation and hunting experiences.Perhaps hold off for a month or two until some of the more glaring bugs and finicky-ness is sorted out if that kind of thing bothers you."
76561197988451550,Not Recommended,518790,31432617,Posted: 28 April,all,SpiritChef,The small DLC microtransactions have begun.  To pay for a tent for quick travel that was already becoming a problem for players is a poke in the eye for the people who stumped up good money for this game.THE TENT SHOULD HAVE BEEN PATCHED IN FOR FREE!!!!!
76561198080880049,Not Recommended,518790,31404321,Posted: 27 April,all,Haunted Karma,"This has the potential to be a great game.  Step 1 fix the bugs, then wayyyy down the line somewhere around step 128, put out some DLC.  Wait, back up to step 98, brainstorm some ideas for useful DLC.When the bugs are fixed I would change my rating....unless, we get bombarded by micro-transactions."
76561197960406719,Not Recommended,518790,31447294,Posted: 29 April,all,jaGen,I bought call of the wild thinking it was still in a semi-beta state and the dev's would slowly add content from the original game. Didn't think it would be by way of paid DLC's. Huge bummer and now regret buying.
,Not Recommended,518790,34153384,Posted: 10 August,all,SlingBlade,"Really cool graphics, the atmosphere is great. This game has so much potential, but sadly it's plagued with bugs and bugs that are quite old as well. This tells me their budget is out of whack, they don't have the resources or personel who can fix, or they would of by now. Evident by the big sale and push right now.  This ship has a leak and is slowly sinking. I'm usually optimistic and give games like this at this stage a break, but I've seen this too many times now, writing is on the wall.  Shame on them, not me/us. Save your money, check back a couple times a year, look for a bunch of thumbs up... not all these down."
76561198001883751,Not Recommended,518790,31433160,Posted: 28 April,all,Zorken,"At start i had fun in this game then i started to see the bad in it. Like how you can just go rambo and shot at everything you see and dont care about hunting down wounded animals because there is no punishment in the game for it. And now we see the start of the paid DLC avalanche that gona bury us alive. I guess thats why they could ""not"" put mod suport in the game beacuse mod makers would put out this stuff for free in a week that they want to scam us for."
76561197990289606,Recommended,518790,34815582,Posted: 8 September,all,"Aaron, The Hunter","If you're looking for a slow paced peaceful game, look no further. Every second you spend waiting and tracking animal is filled with great views and rich environmental sounds. Just hear leaves rustling in the wind."
76561197978165185,Not Recommended,518790,31423808,Posted: 28 April,all,revolverheld,TheHunter COW is a very good (probably the best) hunting game.BUT launching the first DLC when the game is still filled with bugs (some of them even game breaking) that exist since launch is a BIG NO GO!Fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197970612976,Not Recommended,518790,31426447,Posted: 28 April,all,Shellback 97,"You gotta be kidding? We have to PAY for a tent? Hey dopes, we already BOUGHT the game.I can't and won't recommend a game bent on the exploitation of its customers. We didn't get it for FREE."
,Recommended,518790,31312202,Posted: 22 April,all,rocket2guns,"This is the most beautiful game I have played in some time. I would say that the game is quite modestly priced for what it provides, but it is clearly a hunting experience more than a hunting game - so it's not going to be a game for everyone.Headshots at low calibre ""bug""Most of the negative reviews I see claim ""bugs"" for what is actually how ballistics work in the real world. Example: lower calibre headshots will often not kill an animal. Many of the animals use their heads for fighting for goodness sake! I have (in real life) shot goats in the head and have the animal up and leave. The skull on many animals is very thick and therefore you're aiming for the heart/lungs.Negatives:- The Skill/Perk/XP/Points system is insane. Obviously, this is a leftover from the game having P2W/F2P mechanics which I am glad they dropped. But it's left us with a pretty terrible and confusing system that is incredibly convoluted. It doesn't rise to the point of a negative reivew, but it's close for me.- Multiplayer is a little buggy at times. Not overly so, and it's been acknowledged by the devs and they're clearlying targeting patches to this. It's still very playable and enjoyable.- The range of weapons available is pretty low.- The amount of equipment available to upgrade you weapons was much lower than I was expecting. While some of this would be quite ""game-y"", I was expecting being able to customize your weapons and equipment more according to how you wanted to play.Positives:+ The game is the most beautiful game I have played a in a long time, hands down. They're using dynamic color grading, volumetric lights, dynamic shadows... I mean just everything and the results are superb!+ The map(s) are staggering in their scale and attention to detail. They're hand made and they are huge. Much bigger than ArmA.+ The performance of the game on a high-end PC is excellent. Don't expect to run at ULTRA on current gen hardware, and don't be mad about that! The game is made in such a way that it's going to grow with hardware and that's great.+ The pacing of the game is really superb. It strikes an excellent balance between requiring patience and keeping something happening to the player.+ Post kill review screen. You see the pose, entry, and damage modelling for what you killed. Absolutely amazing and makes your kill ""story"" fantastic.+ Tracking is exciting and the classic ""easy to do hard to master"". This is a well designed mechanic that leads to excellent pacing.ConclusionIf you are looking for an arcade game, this is not for you. But if you are looking for a hunting game this is a fantastic find. Even better with friends! It's modest price is worth is alone for how beautiful the terrain is to explore."
,Recommended,518790,32604642,Posted: 20 June,all,Boba Fett from StarWars,"This is simply not a simulator, but its a great game anyone who dislikes the game because its""Not a simulator"" is pretty dense. Its a video game and a great one at that."
,Not Recommended,518790,31826796,Posted: 18 May,all,_-.Cronix.-_,"Black spots on hands...Sound bugs out...Finally refunded.The original TheHunter was a paid microtransactions mess... But it was somewhat playable, and immersive..."
,Not Recommended,518790,31476315,Posted: 30 April,all,Yahtze86,I had high hopes for this game... It's not worth the money they want. Starting to release dlc's with content that should already be in the game.
76561198073117819,Recommended,518790,30306880,Posted: 3 March,all,Vince,"theHunter: Call of the Wild™ Is a beautiful world the graphics is amazing! The game is very fun single player and better with friends, The game is improving with every patch never freezed or crashed."
76561198082657967,Not Recommended,518790,31883376,Posted: 21 May,all,D ∃ ∨ i└,"I already dropped 1000 dollars on the classic Hunter.I thought this was a 1 time purchase. They want me to pay extra for DLC tents and groundblinds.Just watch, there's gonna be a TON more DLC. Even 3 dollars will add up after a while and before you know it, you'll dump all your savings into a game. I won't buy into it this time.I use to be a big fan of the Hunter but not anymore. I have hundreds of hours and money in the first game.Not gonna happen again!It is a fun game if you like hunting. It is also a visually pleasing game. It has a few bugs but It's biggest downfall is greedy developers."
,Not Recommended,518790,31424554,Posted: 28 April,all,uss numbnuts100,kind of wish i could refund this game one time purchase my♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,518790,31424768,Posted: 28 April,all,Mohawk Gaming,"Do I enjoy this game, yes.  My friends and I go on group hunts and it's pretty entertaining.Do I think it's right that a company that said they wouldn't try and sell us most of the game afterwards?  No.  We were told one thing while they plan to do another.Will this stop me from playing, no.  But I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else I know until they get their crap straight."
76561197996721069,Not Recommended,518790,31400688,Posted: 27 April,all,Ibuprofen,Unfinished game with payed dlc. What a joke.Forum full of steam level 0 keyboard warrors defending a broken game.Stay away from this game.
76561198077927769,Not Recommended,518790,33418299,Posted: 9 July,all,[ZeN] Ranger,"The animals are equipped with passive array radar and can hear you A LIGHT-YEAR AWAY. I have only been smelt 3 times, seen 30 times and be heard for A FREAKING 1000 times. The animals can hear you EVEN WHEN THERE IS A DAMN HILL in between and start to run without even looking at your direction. The worst hunter in the world who can't even JOG (I can't even call it a RUN) for 50m without losing his/her breath and can not held it for 5s when aiming. And the frustrating toy rifle which cause only flesh wound and very slow bleeding when I SHOOT THEM IN THE FACE!Conclusion: A hunter who is worse than myself dealing with TERMINATOR ANIMALS.Update: I acknowledge people who want to object my opinion,but for a bunch of people who may know a little bit then pretend to know everything and call others kid just becasue of disagreement, I have something to say:The review tries to point out some of the problems in a funny way, if you can't get it I seriously doubt your comprehension skills, yet I decide to put it in another way.1. The hearing of animals is clearly overpowered, comparing to other senses. For example, the boar and deer should have the smell as their strongest sense yet I got heard by them way more frequently than smelt by them. In some circumstances myself can't even hear my footstep clearly yet the animals can hear them with ease. The propagation of sound does not seem to be affected by factors such as hills and existence of trees so i suspect that they just programmed it only related to the distance.It is extremely frustating when you are hunting a high-value target since they have stronger sense.2. The movement system of the game is problematic as well. The fast travel randomly reset your continuous hunting score (can't figure out when the score is reset) so you have to walk A LOT if you aim high scores. The speed of walking and jogging is too slow which makes your sweeping very tedious and boring (unless you buy the shiny AVT) . Warning to new buyers: Walking in this game = ramble in real life , runing = walking in a hurry. For those who keep mentioning the burden of equippment, I did not see the hunter going any faster when he is carrying just one rifle at the first place.3. There are also problems with the damage system. For the smart Zzabur dude who asks me to shoot the chest, I seriously doubt whether he has played the game through. Shooting the lung in this game, as I can remember, never gives a 100% score (unless you use a larger bullet which devastates your integrity score). Shooting spine and head remain the most reliable instant kill to me compared to heart (However he can be a master who can hit the heart everytime, then that is my fault). The frustrating thing is than when you slightly miss the brain the animal literally runs away like nothing happened. Clearly you can see they have been hit to the ground by the impact of bullet, the cerebral concussion should make them barely able to move yet they run as normal.These are problems I found, they are not so obvious when you just shoot random animals and have fun. But when you are aiming for high socre or trying to complete some missions, such problems will pop out.For those who repeatly empathize on so-called 'realistic simulator', I do not recall there is such a footstep highlighting, threat dedecting and automatic tracking smart device in real life. In conclusion, a lot of simulator games today use 'reality' as gimmick yet the so-called reality is not so easily 'simulated'. If not dealt well it will compromise both so-called 'reality' and game experience at the same time. That is the reason why such game is still such a minority in the game world.(wondering which format do you favor more)"
,Not Recommended,518790,31429412,Posted: 28 April,all,Mr Retro,"dropped a paid dlc, refunded this game like a boss!"
76561198022855777,Not Recommended,518790,30546173,Posted: 16 March,all,(UGA) TwistedSunshine,"I've refunded the game for now, I will repurchase it once the issues I currently have with it are addressed.- No bullet entry/exit wounds ""I'm speaking of dynamic decals"".- Unrealistic bullet penetration, bullets cannot even penetrate the neck of a small deer not mentioning torso shots.- No bullet impacts on any material, also known as splash ""useful for seeing how far you missed your target"".- Performance isn't the greatest 55 fps average on a gtx 980ti msi 6g OC edition and overclocked i5 to 4.2ghz.- Cannot get points for shooting rabbit/birds with shotguns.- No ability to zero your rifle.- Animals do not seem to interact with each other.- Animal AI bugs out making animals run in circles.- Automatic bolt cycling ""It should be set so you have to manually manipulate the bolt to cycle the action"".- Tracking on the map is very buggy.- Animals are capable of running very far distances even though they are seriously wounded and catch some amazing speeds considering their condition.- No ability to change the walking speed to aid in sneaking ""developers check out the system escape from tarkov have implemented into their game, it would be IDEAL for this game, no seriously check it out"".Now to the things I do like about the game.- Amazing audio.- The graphics are very very nice indeed however they start to lack at a distance and leave a lot to be desired in contrast to the up close visuals, up close is truly gorgeous besides the floating rocks.- A decent selection of weapons but something that should be expanded upon.- The weapons feel very nice compared to thehunter: primal."
,Recommended,518790,30161067,Posted: 25 February,all,TomⒶrky,"It has the most beautiful forest I have seen in a game yet.Multiplayer works pretty well (2 players).Walking trough the forest feels AMAZING. Not only the graphics, lightning and weather effects but also the bushes trees and grass, which react to your and the animals movement. Hell, I could play this game just walking around in the beatiful environment. In high grass you can clearly see where you or animals have traveled, as a path will be visible. The sounds of the animals are spot on as well. If you turn off all the help such as highlighting of spotted animals or trails, the immersion is pretty good.However, there are some bugs, for example the attacking animation of european bisons seems to be a bit broken. Some time the multiplayer might crash as well (I had one akward moment where i coulden't see any more prey or animals downed by the other player but bloodtains and stuff were visible, or one time where the headlight went on and i coulden't switch it off).And in multiplayer its seems like only the host can discover places and build stuff. They will be marked for the other player in his session but he cant get XP from them or fast travel to newly disovered huts, only when he visits those locations in his self hosted games he can that.Still, the immersion, the graphics and the gameplay feel spot on and I can only recoomend this games to players who enjoy the tension of searching for a target and don't mind spending much time walking in a beautiful virtual environment.Sure there are some bugs but restarting the game always helps and within the 14 h playtime on clock they diden't happen that frequently (maybe 4 restarts needed and 1 crash). Which I can forgive as they still continue working on the game."
,Not Recommended,518790,29965190,Posted: 16 February,all,SEPPDROID,"Sometimes game crashes on startup, and when playing online  i cant see my friends. it was not what i expected for a game like this... 30 euros :( i requested a refund"
,Not Recommended,518790,30190965,Posted: 26 February,all,call me snuggles,"with a price tag on this game, i cant recommend it as it is now. its is wayyyyyy ""early access"".problems i have been facing in the 8 hours i have played:1)Randomly, after opening and closing the map everything becomes sluggish and wont return to normal unless i pull out the GPS and put it away, not everytime, but still. also, you have the option to place a marker on the GPS map, but nowhere on your HUD does it display the marker, not on your compas or on your gps handheld, so everytime you want to make sure you are still heading in the right direction, you have to open the full page map and check. this is why the sluggish bug is annoying, because you are constantly opening and closing the map.2) invincible animals. I have put multiple rounds into multiples animals and they wont die. I mean, 6+ shots into the vital region of a moose with no effect. a straight up vital shot on a bear, it charged me, stopped and sat down after clawing me, shot it in the head (not joking) and it ran off and procceded to waste over 45 minutes scouting a blood trail until giving up. this is beyond frustrating. I do not know how the mechanics work of an animals health and vital regions, but they are clearly broken. a white tail deer cant be gut shoted 4 times and simply walk it off.3) killed animals dissapear before i can claim them. I have had multiple times were i succesfully dropped a target at a great distance and it took me so long to walk to where i shot it it wasnt there. mutliple times. kill a deer, bear, moose, elk.... spend over 30 minutes REAL TIME walking to it (was on other side of massive lake) for it to not be there.4) weather makes no sense, had a thunder storm with clear skies. constant fog off on all day. rain with clear skies. yes hunting season (fall) can have crazy weather, but not every damn day is a storm of the ages. tune it back a bit please, or give us the option to turn off weather effects5) store inventory is weird and buggy. no notification of a transcation. just asks ""are you sure"" gives yes or no option, but the yes or no option stays up if you click yes and nothing tells you a purchase was made.6) there are still mechanics in this game from when it was the free-to-play. you can rest at a cabin to fast forward time, it has a cooldown if you use it often, but has option to spend cash to override it, didnt remove any of my game currency when i used it, so i think its still left over from f2p. this might also be why the marketplace is all goofy, still havent transitioned over from their microtransactions.7) some of the ""immortal"" animals"" show back up dead after a fast travel. but its beyond annoying. a huge part of the game is tracking, when you claim an animal it removes all the tracks and blood spots of that animal. but witht eh above problems it makes tracking a shot animal impossible. you have an entire traits tree you can invest in for it, but with no animals dying when shot, or disappearing, it leaves massive amounts of previous tracks and blood trails that constaly overlap fresh game trails, ruining the game.8) guns haveing confusing stats. i hunt, so i have some knowledge about calibers and which you would use for what, but i doubt everyone who buys this game does, and the stats for rifles dont really have a ""firepower"" category for the less gun savy people. or atleast a ""recommended use for the following animals: x,y,z"". and with how grindy this game is to unlock and purchase guns, it sort of needs that to avoid wasted purchases and just user friendly UI9) all animals are the same model, there are no ""big"" or ""small"" bucks, all look like monsters until you go and claim them and see the points givent. this is a hunting game, there should be spikes and two pointers and all that.at the end of it, id play the eff out of this game if where fully complete, but is far from it. i have 8 hours logged, and about 5-6 of those hours are tracking down blood trails of immortal deer or hiking to dead ones that aren't there. ultimately save your money and see if it comes on sale for a summer or winter steam sale, because they have months of patches they need to do before its ok to play."
76561197974844200,Recommended,518790,34846505,Posted: 9 September,all,DoomCraft,"This has to be one of the most realistic games I have ever played. If you are a hunter at heart, this game will fulfill that void of not being able to experience the thrill daily. I've already put a lot of time into the game and I know I will be putting a lot more into it. I've read in some of the negative reviews that there are some issues with bugs or graphics gliches, yet I haven't noticed them or they seem too trivial compared to the absolute beauty this game delivers on.I don't need to list a set of pros and cons because realistically, this is the closest thing you will get to being outdoors and yet still sitting on your computer at home.If you want the full immersion experience, you can turn off all the helpers in the settings and play the game how it should be played.After 30 hours, I'm still in awe of how beautiful this game is. The design is perfect and while you may run into an occasional bug with the AI, it doesn't take away from how realistic this game is."
76561198059143618,Recommended,518790,30034090,Posted: 19 February,all,Ev'Ruzibij,"I had no problems in single player, game is great with best visuals I've seen for a while.But Playing with friends game gets a little bit buggy."
,Not Recommended,518790,31502636,Posted: 2 May,all,Spooky Cavtek,"Lol thought this was a good game, until i saw this new ""update"" DLC package, basically what everyone else has said, the game is good, it had some minor bugs and issues at the start but obviously they would be kneaded out in the next few patches.Instead of a patch we get DLC that should have been in the base game. ♥♥♥♥ING TENTS! 4 US dollars for a ♥♥♥♥ing tent,My faith in the gaming industry is slowsly dwindling, It's not an art anymore its just a ♥♥♥♥ing cash cowPro'sALT F4 exits directly to windows"
,Not Recommended,518790,31473572,Posted: 30 April,all,SpooksyTheHyena,"https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/815559416174213950/791B0522241BFAFE80DE0EF6B9876D01F57124F1/https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/815559416174214805/04AE38AF8F257747FBF2B75F8D69A30DD03BF714/when this happens.. this makes the game highly annoying and unenjoyable. i get on this game to calm myself down from the rage enabling games, at this point i don't feel this game is actually helping with that but but being one of the biggest enablers of raging because this game is bugged out. if you are looking for a relaxing game this is not the game for you, hopefully this will be fixed.."
,Recommended,518790,31602425,Posted: 7 May,all,Honey Cocaine,"theHunter: Call of the Wild can be dubbed the “ground-breaking open world hunting simulator” you’ve been waiting for. You can expect realistic animal behavior, different weather conditions and ballistics. If you are expecting an extensive tutorial, you won't find it here. What you will find at the beginning of the game is being dropped into the hunting world with a gun and a map. Do expect some limited initial voice overs and tips, but expect to be pretty much left to your own devices.We've found the tracking mechanics to be both frustrating and exciting at the same time. theHunter creates an immersive experience that feels very real. Also, be forewarned to be on the edge at all times because many of the animals can turn and attack you at a moment’s notice. We must say, it was very exciting once we finally lined up that shot and pulled the trigger. Accuracy matters a whole lot as the ballistics really alter the success of each shot based off distance and trajectory.The issues that we found with the game are as follows: We found theHunter to be sometimes laggy, due to the sheer size of the map and it being rendered all at once. We noticed that while in the prone position, that the grass does not connect to the ground, which caused clipping and obstructed the path at times. Note that the most noteable glitch during our gameplay was a moose that was stuck in a hillside that just would not die until it was shot five times. This is a big deal when ammo is limited and weapons are difficult to unlock in the beginning. There is also an auto walk feature, which is nice when walking great distances, but problematic when collecting trophies. This is because when doing so the game does not pause and you can walk off a cliff, be attacked by a bear, or both in our case."
76561198047624448,Not Recommended,518790,31396871,Posted: 27 April,all,flöjt,"So it begins,.with the microtransaction crap.Why did you release a game with this much bugs and so little content? you couldve waited a year or something.With so much money spent on this company im kinda salty"
76561197971644838,Not Recommended,518790,31474372,Posted: 30 April,all,nvr2fst,Refunded.Looks like I bailed just in time as the new reviews show why.
,Not Recommended,518790,31392639,Posted: 27 April,all,Skengly,here come the microtransactions.
76561197996020580,Not Recommended,518790,32272702,Posted: 8 June,all,Im Badman,"I feel cheated. This is damn BETA not full release. Its looks like beta, its play like beta. Only good thing in this game are forest graphic and music. Rest is garbage. Let me explain. Take GUI. You want read about some weapon. 6 lines long description. Place for 5 lines in this menu (rest of the screen fill with nothing but background but OK). The description scroll itself so fast player need 5-7 tries to read it. Animal behavior. No real animals behave like that. Not even close. Patching errors like in some dinosaur hunter game from 2005 for 1$. For example: IM aiming for bison, suddenly he teleports 10 meters up the hill. LIKE WTF. Not only patching errors is strange. Shot some deer - miss. What dear does? Running in circle for like 2 minutes. WTF.Some people say this is realistic. Ok then. Hear this. Night hunting. Go near any animal. Start blinking flashlight in animal face. NOTHING, animals dont register player flashlight. I dont see realism here. Not in shooting, not in animals, just nowhere. The bad thing is, devs dont know what they wanna do with this game. Is not realistic but is not arcade either. Why no x-ray bullet penetration???Now some DLC release with one item (tent) for 5$$$. If the company who made this game have so big prices (and people buy this game because geed fooled like me) why just can't hire some programmers to make it pleasure to play? This game have potential, but what happen with AI and all rest from previous game? This is step back for 30$. Not worth it. It should be early access then OK, but not like this."
,Not Recommended,518790,31455397,Posted: 29 April,all,Wolfe,"""No paid DLCS!!""- Introducing tents, ♥♥♥♥ING TENTS.It's a ♥♥♥♥in ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ tent.. something that shoulda already been in it, much less cost money.♥♥♥♥ this game, ♥♥♥♥ these devs, and ♥♥♥♥ me for buying it.Gonna go feed my son or something, I don't give a ♥♥♥♥ anymore."
76561198024391925,Not Recommended,518790,31480876,Posted: 1 May,all,Echo,"Played a bit of this game after release. Really enjoyed it, bugs and all.. even if I was grinding my teeth in frustration at times, the moment you do drop a big Red deer where it stands with a bow was worth it.Then life happened and my capacity to tolerate the bugs decreased along with the amount of playtime I had available. Never the less I resolved to return to this game after a view patches and when I had more time.After I eventually returned I was greeted with a couple of extra menu options.. great! But then, not so great... 'you have not purchased the required dlc' or someting like that.!Fudge#* I said to myself, they didnt... they couldn't have... it makes no sense... they said they wouldnt... how could they?!Alas. They did, and that killed my interest in its totality.  Once again people lied. Just like every other servise provider or business that wants/needs your money. Hell maybe the majority of the devs were against this too. But then again who cares? We got burned. Around where I live we call the 30 bucks or R370 we spent on this game ""skool geld"" (school fees).....but will we ever learn? ;D"
,Recommended,518790,30276714,Posted: 2 March,all,money,Amazing screenshot simulator!10/10
,Recommended,518790,29962768,Posted: 16 February,all,MysticTrev,"I usually don't do reviews however, I seen some of the reviews and decided that I should give my input. As an original ""The Hunter"" player I had high hope's for the game. I wasn't disappointed.Overall I think they have some issues to work out but I am having alot of fun with the game. I only have a little over an hour and a half into but I'm having fun.I seen a review about the amount of animal spawns and in which case they are correct...Theres ALOT of animals to start off with. HOWEVER, if you read through the tutorial you will read that the more you hunt the more pressure you start putting on areas. Therefore, hunting will get more difficult as you play.The only bug I have noticed is sometimes when killing bears they don't like to ""die"" they just stand straight up untill you ""trophy"" them. I'm sure theres lots of fixes and updates to come...I can't wait to see what's out there! :D"
76561197975386597,Recommended,518790,33119606,Posted: 2 July,all,t0nic4778,"This...wow. This is so very well done, I actually recommended this to my mother (Who isnt all that into gaming or FPS), just for the sheer aspect of the enviroment. Brings back memories of my childhood in the woods around Strawberry, Arizona. The sound, the wind in the trees, the birds. You can almost smell the exhaust off the ATV. Is it another shooter in terms of Gameplay... Yes... Is it a Simulator...probably not, but man, the places and the absolute beauty, is insane. Campared to the enviroment of Skyrim, this is breathtaking, and Skyrim was beautiful. Dont buy if all you want to do is kill stuff, buy Arma 3 instead, but if you want an absolutely beautiful experience. GET THIS NOW."
,Not Recommended,518790,31454603,Posted: 29 April,all,KappyBara,"Got it, thinking it would be like theHunter without having to have premium and having to buy every ♥♥♥♥ing dlc to enjoy the thrill of hunting to the fullest but now its just reminding me how this company is and how i should have seen this coming -______-      plz if some other company could take on a project like this one and make it a better game with all future dlc being free or all content being unlocked it would be great i woul pay 60 bucks for that rather than this, refunding as i type this, all in all not a bad game but the first dlc having to cost money for something that should have been already included with the base game is kind of stupid. If the game changes and gets better i would be willing to buy but as i am seeing rn the path its taking is in the same direction as theHunter FreeToPlay"
76561198016715450,Not Recommended,518790,31412055,Posted: 28 April,all,Orgomon,A heavily bugged game with the developers focused on paid DLCs instead of fixes.
76561197998128953,Not Recommended,518790,31961703,Posted: 25 May,all,jimslade,"This game has beautiful graphics, but it's just not a good game. I am sorry, because I really wanted to like this and invested 30 hours into it until I decided it's enough.As I said, the graphics are great, sound is good, but not awesome, This basically is a stealth game where you have to develop a good situation awareness. It's about footsteps you hear, animal calls - the whole game crys for heaphones all the time. Why you don't have proper binaural sound but only pretty shabby stereo is acutally pretty mind boggling. Other than that, some sounds were obviously recorded in real nature, with some noise in the background. But I guess that's okay and somehow adds to the game's authenticity.What's makes the game fall apart is the gameplay or the absence of any. Okay, I get it. This is a hunting sim. It's not your casual shooter, not your fancy Thief like stealth game, it takes time, you have to be patient, I get it.But this game just does not ask for any real strategy.There is a mechanic that you're making more noise depending on where you walk - but I honestly never found out how that worked. It seemed pretty much random to me.Also there is no real way to plan or strategize. You can't really provoke a certain behaviour from the animals. If call them, they stop and listen, maybe come closer and then either walk away again or they see you and run away.You can mark them FarCry-style, but only for a few seconds. You don't have any chance to circumvent them or something like that before you don't know where they are anymore. With bigger animals like deer and bisons this is ok, because you wont lose them so easily. But hunt a fox or a roe deer and they get out of sight pretty quickly.So the only real strategy is this one: You go into the woods until you find some tracks. Sometimes they are fresh,so you follow them. Sometimes you hear an animal call and you follow it. You'll eventually spot an animal, take out your gun and shoot it. To make things easier, you can buy animal callers to attract your game. That's basically it.Oh, you can build lookout points, too. But then you sit in the lookout point for a long, long, long time without anything happening. Yeah, it's a hunting game but maybe a fast forward button to accelerate time would have been nice here. See, I'm not playing anything when I sit on my lookout point and wait for an animal to come by. And waiting will be long even if you got to know certain animals will pass by at a certain time of day (you'll find need zones to get this kind of information). In fact, you'll be a lucky ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, IF they come by at all. So, just don't build lookout points. (Yeah, you have to buy every single one of them.)You can also do missions. These range from trivial (I once completed one by accidentally pressing the E-key) to just friggin impossible. I quit this game after I repeatedly tried to hunt that damn fox with that stupid bow. These little fellas have ears that hear you across at least 50 meters. They are clever and always cautious. And they are small so they hide perfectly in the undergrowth and higher grass. With your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ standard bow you have to get close. Very close. I invested several hours into that stupid mission - now I won't anymore.It wouldn't be so bad if I could just pimp my equipment, buy a new bow, maybe a new sight, some fox spray so he can't smell me. You know, handy stuff like that which is actually in the game - but blocked behind an xp barrier. So get some stupid binoculars, I have to be level 20 or 30 or something. I hate mechanics like that! Why can't I just buy that ♥♥♥♥ing better bow if I have the money for it? It doesn't make sense! ""No, no, you have to be an epxerienced hunter to use this spray can, my padawan.""And that too wouldn't be so bad, if progress would be at an acceptable pace. But it isn't. Maybe I'm stupid, but I invested 30 hours into this game and I'm level 13 now. 13 is nothing. 13 in this game means a little bit better than your starting equipment. After 13 hours of play!! And no, I am notallowed to buy the better bow or the fox spray.Why is progress so slow, you might ask? Well, it's a hunting game and it takes some time to hunt stuff. I just hunted that damn fox for an hour and got zero xp and zero money for it. Your average deer gives something about 100 to 150 xp. You can get more for harder and rarer species or for specimens with high trophy ratings - but it's more or less a lottery whether or not you'll find them. So, with 150 xp per kill you have to kill about 15 specimens to get from level 13 to 14, f.e. You can assume that you'll need about 15 minutes for a kill - at least. You can do the math yourself. And that's the playstyle that incorporates stupid, mindless grinding. If you want to properly play the game, explore the word, find good game etc., double or triple that time.How much time would I have to invest to buy my better bow and the spray so hunting that stupid fox would be a bit more fun and I could end this story mission? A few hours. Maybe six, maybe more.And that's not fun.I'm sorry, I really wanted to like this game, it's brautiful to look at, but your game designers need a kick in their butts."
76561198046522035,Recommended,518790,34665727,Posted: 1 September,all,Couta Koppie,"Seriously adictive, realistic and worth every cent. By FAR the best hunting game EVER. Starts slow but once you start getting your perks and skills it changes everything. Love it!"
,Not Recommended,518790,31426516,Posted: 28 April,all,Killmeh,HAD really good  hope for it. Devs promised no DLC (unlike the original hunter game). 2 months later we have dlc. Horrible.
,Not Recommended,518790,31431245,Posted: 28 April,all,Nasty,"I enjoy playing theHunter: Call of the wild, it's a good game, the devs promised many things one of which was not having any micro transactions like theHunter is riddled with. Even though the addition of a Blinds and Tent DLC is not a huge feature it still seems like this should be part of the game. This is just micro transactions that are posing as DLC, whats next the 'Hunt X animal'? The use X weapon DLC?"
76561198183656858,Recommended,518790,30973324,Posted: 5 April,all,AnarchyPony,"Excellent hunting simulator... For the most part. Real hunting involves patience, and so does the hunting in theHunter: CotW. But that patience also has to be extended to the acquisition of all the gear, which requires a great deal of grinding to eventually access.Also, unfortunately, the game does have a few UI and menu bugs(like changing the FOV back to default after alt tabbing).But overall, I find it to be a relatively challenging and engaging hunting sim, with possibly the mosts realistic foliage I've ever seen, and it's always satisfying when you land that perfect vital shot into your quarry's heart. If you have patience, you will love this game. Otherwise, probably not."
,Not Recommended,518790,31392365,Posted: 27 April,all,Rether,"The devs are crooks. They plan on forcing us to buy tiny♥♥♥♥♥♥like those tents. Probably gonna have to buy a new tiny DLC ever month now. They waited until they got ""Mostly Positive"" score. Let's bring it down..."
,Not Recommended,518790,31433728,Posted: 29 April,all,Giacobbe,"as a long time player of hunter classic, this paid dlc that should be in the game to start with is lame."
,Not Recommended,518790,33986431,Posted: 2 August,all,iButze,"Game has the most issues of any game I've ever played.Headlight doesn't toggle on and off randomlyMenu's freeze occasionallyMusic volume continuously toggles back to 100 when I had it offAnimals bug out all the time, whether it's getting stuck in a tree, running in cicles after being shot, or die standing up and just sitting there.Infinite number of inventory bugs.Online has it's own multitude of issues that need to be worked on, not being able to discover or interact with anything if you aren't the host being the most frustrating one.Game needs A LOT of work before it's something I would recommend to a friend."
,Not Recommended,518790,30039153,Posted: 19 February,all,[RedCoats] Wiggy,"[Edited 20/02/2017 1711hrs]I'm not usually inclined to write a review but i feel i ought to for this game, i will do my best to keep this updated as time goes on.For those of you that have played thehunter classic i wouldn't recommend it, for those of you that havn't played thehunter classic i still wouldn't wholeheartedly recommend, there are far too many things that the classic has or did better that dont exist in this new release to make it worth buying.A visual representation of where my view on this game is at the moment.I don't recommend  | I recommend[--------------------------//-|--------------------------]Pros:- Jumping! brilliant feature! Having the ability to jump up onto rocks above open terrain, go prone and wait for unsuspecting prey is a brilliant feature, personally i much prefer looking at terrain for firing positions than using the pre determined structures.- Not having to use your Huntermate to track animals, although it does aid you with an easy to follow cone of direction, you can quite happily walk with your rifle in your hands and track animals which helps dramatically in reducing the time to take the shot, nothing worse than cresting dead ground to find the animal standing mere metres away, with only your phone in your hand.- Having Need zones on the map - whether it be drinking, sleeping  or eating, you are given a time period in which animals of that type will use these need zones,which helps dramatically at ambushing prey and also giving them a less random feel, they live somewhat structured lives.- A few different ammo types per weapon, allows you to pick and choose which type of arrow or round you would prefer to use, Softpoint or Polymer.- Easy to see and understand unlockable skills, this gives an RPG feel to the game as you feel you are progressing toward something, it also gives you the choice in which areas you would like to progress, whether it be stalking or ambushing, and perks for the type of weapons you use most.- Vast expanse of land to hunt on, this game truly does feel vast with two large reserves to hunt on, both with different landscapes.- The sheer amount of animals on each reserve is staggering and i doubt you have to go particular far in any direction from any position in order to find them wandering around.- Animals regularly herd together, the most i've seen so far was about 30 odd whitetails wandering together at the foot of a valley, it truly was a sight to see.- Hunting animals in the same area means animals will start to avoid that area until it has ""cooled down"", animals with their skittish nature will avoid areas in which they feel threatened, you will still see animals in these areas just less of them, and the more you hunt in the same spot the less animals will wander into it.- When walking through particular thick vegetation/trees you hear the sound of your nylon jacket, which is incredibly immersive, however rabbits running through the same vegetation appear the make the same noise, i didnt know rabbits were made of nylon (i will admit that after several years of neglecting ear defense this may just be that my hearing is shot and that the two sounds appear to me as the same sound)- There is a guide available by Daniel which shows you how to make your game less blurry and sharper, im enjoying the game more now that i have wiped the slober out of my eyes.- No microtransactions - probably the biggest selling point of this game.- Heart rate and stances effecting weapon sway, this prevents you from being able to run and gun accurately (not that you would neccesarily want to but a good game mechanic to have)- When in the prone position grass and foliage infront of you inhibits sight picture on target, personally i love this, it requires you to either crawl forward to flatten the grass then crawl back in order to optomise your firing postion, or move to a spot where grass wont effect your sight.- The ability to turn off tutorials / mission system / multiplayer nametags / downed animal highlight / spotting outline / audio clue visualization / spatial tracking cone / Points of interest / need zone icons / track effects. Turning everything off gives you the ability to hunt with your own hearing and sight.- Animals leave ""channels"" in long grass and brush, this helps when stalking or chasing down a wounded animal as an almost perfect trail is left behind.Cons:- Graphics, the graphics are OK but are incredibly hard to run for those with dated PCs, i would go as far to say it is heavily unoptimised. Even with the ability to max any modern released game you will be pushing 30 - 60 FPS with medium/high settings in which the foliage will look less than realistic.- The horrible grind to unlock weapons/lures/etc in the shops - you have to harvest an outrageous amount of animals in order to unlock even the most simple lures or weapon of choice, i feel you should be able to buy any of the kit from get go.- Animals very rarily spook, you can shoot and harvest one only to walk a short distance and repeat, gunshots/running for the most part dont have a very large spook radius.- Fast traveling is virtually non existent which is a pain as you have to take time to travel to need zones or particular favourite spots, the ability to put down tents in TheHunter classic sorted this problem.- No ability to errect your own structures, such as tree stands, 360 stands, ground hides etc, the fact that TheHunter classic has this feature yet the new edition doesn't is a real shame, it feels like a real step backwards.- By Comparison to TheHunter classic there is very little equipment/weapons/lures available, which i hope with potential future DLC will be expanded upon, again a step backwards.- The game states that clothes do not have any effect on whether animals can detect you, this again is a feature that is included in theHunter classic with the addition of Ghillie suits, 3D sneaky clothing etc.- The bugs although not game destroying are rather annoying and with some fairly simple bugs i am astounded that this game was released with them, and that after days after release they still persist is mind boggling.- According to the games sound indicator, you give the same amount of sound crawling slowly as you do running.- No ability to range your rifle to anything other than the pre determined 100m.Overall i feel this game is headed in the right direction but as it currently stands lacks some pretty major components of a hunter game, i feel a mixture between this and TheHunter Classic would be ideal, bring back some of those core gameplay elements whilst also bringing in better optimisation and bringing the grind feeling down to a nice enjoyable level and giving the player more freedom on what to hunt from the get go.Having said all that i still feel a burning urge to make this review even longer and do a side by side comparison of the two games which would show you just many features/gameplay aspects have been removed for the sake of improving the graphics, there are so many!"
,Not Recommended,518790,31713422,Posted: 12 May,all,Boerdom,"Not worth your purchase. Too many bugs being fixed too slowly, and the developers seem intent on paid micro-DLC."
76561198076181590,Recommended,518790,34235870,Posted: 14 August,all,☠ The Beast ☠,Got to be the best Hunter game they have made :D
76561198050149498,Not Recommended,518790,31427645,Posted: 28 April,all,MadaraUchiha,"well i gave this game some time too see their ""fixes"" dont bother its a waste better off playing thehunter original its the same state as primal and a cash grab left for dead and milked while it can....so disapointing dont feed this cow or they will never learn and the gaming industry is gonna just get worse"
,Not Recommended,518790,31471383,Posted: 30 April,all,mitch_mason77,"So, this game has a tonne of potential. They take the right approach to a nice relaxed hunting game. The marketing team seems hell bent on destroying this game and driving the developer straight into the ground. These ""DLC"" packs should be included in the game as free patches. Just give it to the people who paid 40$ for the game to make this♥♥♥♥♥♥feel even slightly more complete and start charging 60$ for the game. If you want to make paid DLC then actually add something to the game FFS and stop gouging every dime out of your fan base. I really hope a dev reads this because i got a fair amount of enjoyment out of what you guys have made here. Just stop charging people money for stuff that should be free. How hard is that to understand? If i sold you a car for full price and told you it was complete and when i handed you the keys i told you rims and tires were extra how the ♥♥♥♥ would you feel? Cheated? Robbed? Yeah sounds about right. I get that you guys need a steady cash flow and hunting games dont exactly have a huge following but you're approaching ubisoft levels of cash grabbing. Please pull your heads from your asses and make something out of this game. Ive had a lot of fun in it so far but it is in no way complete. The team making this game is talented and has the right approach to this but the steam reviews are really speaking for themselves here. Just look at PUBG they are forward about their bugs and steadily releasing and optimising their game and are getting massive praise for it. Rethink how you market your game because soon enough no one will want to give you a cent and you will have to do some serious groveling to convince anyone to buy another product from you. Instead of buying this game go grab a hammer and smash your♥♥♥♥♥♥with it. It will hurt less than blowing 40 dollars on a walking simulator."
76561198029066816,Recommended,518790,30034295,Posted: 19 February,all,Stevo,"pros -Game looks NICElots of animals to hunt8 player multiplayermaps are hugecons-Crashesanimal ai can bug outno option to return to the main menu once ingame. (so if you join multiplayer, to get in a new loby or to single player you must restart)all issues I have with the game can be fixed in patch, I recommend the game in a few weeks."
,Recommended,518790,30184014,Posted: 25 February,all,FYA :: UpDown,"Update:I had some issues with the Tobii tracker for some months with this game, but thanks to the great support, the problem got fixed and I'm very happy with the support.10/10**Great ambient, I love just sneaking around, listening to the wind, calls and viewing the countryside. Got exactly what I've expected.Only the eye tracking seems a little bit laggy sometimes and there a lot of mayor bucks right nor, I hope there will be a patch soon"
76561198022693328,Not Recommended,518790,31393928,Posted: 27 April,all,Spacemonkey,"I've enjoyed this game so far graphics/gameplay are pretty good but it really is still in early access state until some serious bugs get fixed. Seeing a animal stand around like a decoy frozen in place or run in circles indefinetely just makes me shake my head in wtf is going on.I played the hunter classic since it's release but the reason I left that game is the subscription fee's/cost of other items that made the game experience more enjoyable got too expensive. Picture electronic arts game the sims microtransaction store and your on track to know how money hungry they are as their similar. Anyone who thinks otherwise needs to realize it took a loooong time for thehunter classic to get where it is now partly because all that microtransaction bs derailed updates which lead to many people leaving it, myself included.Now I can see the developer just being greedy pretty much making this game into a mirror of the hunter classic but for each step we have to buy a dlc that's slowly combines to making a full release game that we should've got from the start. I understand they need to make money but it's dumb logic to put the games reviews/feedback on a negative course then losing revenue from game sales just so they can make a quick buck off a dlc.... it's not smart.I really don't like posting things negative but their's no other way to get it through the developers head that this is steam, people get aggrivated when they pay for a full release game then get spoon fed content as paid dlc."
76561198140341821,Not Recommended,518790,31478416,Posted: 30 April,all,Stans0369,"This game is so much fun! But seriously, the dlc for the Tents is an obvious slap in the face to anyone that's bought the game. They've literally taken a feature out of the game and are now charging 4 bucks for. So very disappointing that a game doing so well, would lower themselves to a level of charging people to basically save. This is a feature that should have been in the game from the start (rumour has it, it WAS in the game when it released). I'm hopeing the Devs realize what sort of slap in the face this is and releases this at no cost considering IT'S A GAME FEATURE, not paid dlc. Until then, this is a big negative from me. Sadly, because I really like the game."
,Not Recommended,518790,31386702,Posted: 26 April,all,Cancer,"You remember DayZ Standalone?  Remember what an epic♥♥♥♥♥♥show that was?  Well, I thought that game would go down in my history as the buggiest most poorly put together game I'd ever played, but I think I may have found a new contender!I am not biased, or anything.  I played the classic theHunter game for hundreds of hours and to date it is still one of my favorite games of all time.  Always will love that game.  Aside from the skeezy buttload of microtransactions adding up to like, 300 dollars, the game was actually good.  But maybe that should have sparked my intuition.  I've noticed a growing trend of games being released early in order to compete in their niche market or in order to cash in quick on hype.  When I add up the previous microtransaction nightmare, theHunter Primal fiasco (if you don't know what happened with Primal, just go look it up on the internet and see the mountain of bugs and glitches that EW apparently just didn't feel like fixing.  Think DayZ standalone in the Jurassic Era) and now this game, I'm starting to believe that EW doesn't really make games to please people, they make games to make insane amounts of money quickly and then hire a few stressed out people to take care of the game and try to fix the massive flood of glitches and bugs they leave behind in their wake.  They make sure their graphics are top notch and pretty to draw people in and then bang, you spend 2 hours walking around in awe and before you realize the mistake you've made they have your money and wave bye bye.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like this.  No Man's Sky, DayZ, these games, and others.  I am noticing a huge trend of developers who quickly build up a game, hire marketers to hype it up like crazy, and then cross their fingers and pray they get a lot of pre-orders or early access orders.  (In this case, they skipped early access and just sold the game as is, sheesh).  Once they make a huge profit and get rich, lets be real folks, they just stop caring.This game is ridiculously buggy.  I can't go 15 minutes in this game without finding a BRAND NEW bug that I have not even encountered before.  The UI, ♥♥♥♥ed up.  Sometimes your settings changes save, sometimes they don't.  Sometimes they just randomly switch back after being changed for a few sessions.  You know, just to keep it interesting.  Sometimes you can buy weapons, sometimes the buttons just don't work.  Come back later and see if it works!  Trying to figure out how to simply load your weapons with ammo?  Look on the internet for an hour like I did just to finally figure out you didn't go into this convoluted process in the inventory, making sure you click certain things first.  User friendly wasn't in the developers vocabulary when it came to making this game.  Nothing is explained very well and I have spent far too much time looking in sparse forums for people with the same issues as I am (mostly because there are so many issues, alot of people's issues seem to be unique.)Trying to shoot that animal that you tracked for an hour?  Maybe it's invincible.  Maybe it will disappear after your first shot.  Maybe it will run away and its tracks will disappear, leaving you without means to catch it.  Maybe it will run away and get stuck in a tree, so you can just walk up and kill it easily.  That is, if it isn't invincible.Trying to play with your friends?  Good luck.  There are an insane amount of multiplayer bugs right now, one of which can literally break your game and cause you to have to reset ALL progress, even if you've put in 100+ hours into the game.  Sometimes one player can see animals, and the other can't.  You can't even place markers to let people know where an animal is or where you want to meet up.  Sometimes, the other players will disappear off of your map and your HUD entirely, leaving you with no way to even find your friends if you've gone off from them.  You have to shut down the game session entirely and start a fresh one to fix this.There's a guy on the forums here who made a list of all the bugs and glitches in this game, many of them decently big ones.  The list totals at over 100+ bugs currently known, and I didn't count them all but it is certainly reaching towards the 200 mark.  That is inconceivable, disgusting, incredibly unprofessional, and pretty criminal IMO.It's not a matter of how playable the game is.  The game is unplayable for me.  I can't even comprehend a person who could deal with all of the issues in the game.  A person like that should probably be working for the company.  Because I don't see any major effort to remove these bugs.  If there was a lot of care and effort being put in, this game wouldn't have even been released in this state.  The developers relied on the community to beta test for them, which is fine, but did they actually play the game themselves?  That's my aching question.  Because if I was making a game and released it knowing that it was in this condition, I would be embarrassed.  But hey, I guess its hard to care when you're making millions, living in a nice house, and taking vacations to the Bahamas.All the rest of you can enjoy your glorified walking/glitch simulator♥♥♥♥ you, EW.  And if you ever get around to fixing this game, ♥♥♥♥ you again.  Because you should have done that the first time.  That's how professionals do things.My rating - 3/10The game is like the most beautiful, photogenic turd you've ever seen in your life.  It's like a professional photographer took a turd out of a toilet and spent a few thousand hours making it look the best you could ever believe a turd could look like.  But you can't change the smell, or the taste.  A turd is a turd.  ♥♥♥♥ this buggy bag of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,518790,31457745,Posted: 30 April,all,kAMikaZA,"I TRIED TO BELIEVE THEM after theHunter. I remember the meme of it being cheaper to rent a truck, gun, drive across the state and hunt game than to stay subscribed to theHunter. With Call of the Wild I was super cautious and did my research. The game was ridden with early access vibes and fps issues, but I let it slip.And now, fIrst DLC - Tents: $5 player spawn point, costing u 3+ hours ingame time to earn.Let the new era of memes begin."
76561198143018562,Not Recommended,518790,31399582,Posted: 27 April,all,irishcalypso,you guys blew it !!!!!!! could have had a nice game but ninja deers that disapear? your crappy tracking system??? dont buy this crap people!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! heads up to the guys who did the setting great job the rest of your team let you down!
,Recommended,518790,30218967,Posted: 27 February,all,Menphues,"(UPDATED WITH DLC RELEASE)So, before I get into this, for some unknown reason it is showing myself as having far less time than that I have clocked on on AMD Raptr.... I have tons more hours and have been playing a fair bit!So let us dive in by starting with the basics!Graphics: The graphics off this game are amazing! Seriously they are so good that you can only wish you can play on max to truely enjoy the game for what it really offers, thankfully I can so on this basis I would say the graphics alone are 9.5 out of 10 because they are that good!Audio: The guns sound good, the animal noises are good, rain, thunder, wind all are good but there are problems.  Example, you can hear the rain hammering down when walking but turn around and no rain sound at all, face forward and raining.. It's spinning the mouse to get different sounds which is amusing but a bad bug from my point of view, so I would say here 7 out of 10!Controls: The controls are simple to get used too, but the menu system controlling is horrible and buggy I found, the same as my wife and close friend.  Controlling through the menu is buggy and glitch as hell but if you are rating the walking, moving, gun, swapping etc, it's spot on so I would say 7 out of 10!Gameplay and everything esle:  Now the game! Yes, this game has it's fair share of bugs and problems.  Some are more problematic than others, while some are just pure annoying!Right now as I write this review, if you start a solo game and want to change to multiplayer, you have to physcially close the game down and reopen it and select multiplayer... The same the other way around! Once in a game there is no backing out to the main screen, silly idea!Walking and the level of detail though in this game is amazing.  The grass moves when you go through it, the same as tree's and the grass leaves an imprint on the path you have followed.  Seriously the level of detail is amazing!There are two worlds and not enough animals I found! One German world (Which my wife and I with a friend found this world to be the prettiest and hardest to do) and an American world which seems bland but both worlds seem to have barely any animals in them... I think if I remember correctly there are 12 animals in total in the game and it is 6 per world, which sucks.  The worlds on the other hand are MASSIVE.  It takes a long time to walk around and often get bored a little walking and side tracking to look for fun stuff.  You can fast travel to a safe house if you got them unlocked, but that is ONLY once you unlocked it.There are no vehicles included with the base game, but are now a DLC.  When I bought this game, there was no vehicles and now they have added ATV's (Three different colours) but they are a DLC item... Too which I bought and really makes the game feel more and more like hunting and exploring! This DLC I feel is a must to have!The game has also adds tents, but this again is a DLC... It does not improve your game as such and can be missed if wanted.This is a slow paced game, so no run and gun.  Expect to take a long time, going slow (Which is often frustrating for me at times because it feels so slow I need to sprint)Would I recommend this game? If you are a big fan of hunting games and want something that is going to draw you in and keep you focused and enjoy a slow pace simulation style game then this is the game for you!I am swinging towards a 78% yes because it is unique and offers a fun amount of hours in the game! It is also multiplayer which is a lot more fun as we know with others.  Just the bugs are slightly annoying right now, limited hunting is a little off putting, otherwise good job!"
,Not Recommended,518790,31460503,Posted: 30 April,all,GI Genocide,good game. too many bugs.
,Not Recommended,518790,31415092,Posted: 28 April,all,Rivedo,Tent DLC should have been free! what a rip off
,Not Recommended,518790,31464075,Posted: 30 April,all,Iridium,"This game is absolutely beautiful. The scenery is stunning and very well done. This is also all wrapped up with fantastic sound design. Headphones are really mandatory here, partly to help you hunt your quarry, but also to be fully immersed into the lovely sound design that went into it. The hunting mechanics are solid, if at times a tad frustrating for impatient folk like myself. It all comes together into quite an experience.Do not buy this game.It seems nice up until the point where you realize that the experience is desperately lacking a few things, and those things stand out big and bold as stuff that no self-respecting game tester would have let slide. Easiest example of this is the complete lack of transportation. Early on you're given a mission that's a significant distance away. You could fast travel... but only between outposts, and only after you've discovered them, and that only occurs after you've jogged 30-45 minutes, or more across a map, wheezing away the whole time. There are roads everywhere, sure. But no transportation? No ATVs, no bikes even? That wasn't a miss, that was a conscious decision. The inclusion of tents as the first DLC feels very much like that as well.And let's not pretend that this is a misstep on the part of the publisher. Don't forget that the first iteration of this game required a subscription, or very expensive DLC, to permit you to hunt anything beyond exactly one type of deer. Frankly, many of the mechanics in this edition feel like they were prepared to be DLC-enabled anyway: equipment that you need to progress (sort of, it's much more difficult without it) is level locked ealy on, and requires in-game money to buy. You can sense that there were ""XP and Credit Boost"" microtransactions ready for this before they decided to pull it.To be clear, I'm not anti-DLC. It can be fantastic for many cases. If this had been a complete game I'd probably be more interested in DLC that added in new regions, for instance, or added other not-basic game mechanics.As lovely as the game seems to be on the surface, the business model here seems to be predicated on frustrating the player in very basic, obvious ways,  to ensure future DLC payouts. This is the second most cynical, ridiculous way to squeeze more money out of dissatisfied players... and this game's predecessor made use of the first most."
76561197988809041,Not Recommended,518790,31413881,Posted: 28 April,all,Freddy,"Would I recommend this game in its current state? No.The devs have released 3 ""DLC"", one that you have to pay for, for things that should have been included from release or in a patch. Currently the game needs more work and should be considered early access for someone considering buying it.The graphics are amazing, there is no denying that. But everything else still needs work put into it, from missing/broken animations, audio problems, settings not saving, clunky menus, animal ai, underperforming rifles, etc...EDIT 13/06/17: Unfortunately my negative recommendation still stands. Every second patch is to fix what was broken with the previous patch. The devs seem to consistently miss the mark. Tents and ATVs were requested from day 1 by players due to the large distances between outposts, and the devs delivered after 4 months, as long as you don't mind paying extra of course… there are extra outposts being added in the next patch, be given their record, we need to wait and see how it works out."
76561197973897976,Not Recommended,518790,31391841,Posted: 27 April,all,Giraf,"Wtf.. I just bought this game witht the knowledge that there are still a lot of things that needs to be fixed and perhaps added. One of the most tedious things in this game is the time it takes to walk from A to B, and the community has been begging for tents or similar because this is really needed in order to fully enjoy the game. What does the devs do? Add a DLC so you can use tents. I am not paying for something that should be in the game from the start. This does not ADD anything. This REMOVES/MINIMIZE a tedious task. WTF!?"
76561197976770935,Not Recommended,518790,35253679,Posted: 27 September,all,Murder Boner,"A game that can be enjoyed at times, but the majority feels like its too easy or just not finished, with some major issues with scopes and animal AI that really drag this title into the mud. Stand hunting seems to be nerfed due to zones becoming less active when you kill an animal, or something. Feed/rest zones are too easy.The AI is only barely challenging when hunting the hardest difficulty trophy, but feels like this should be the base difficulty almost, the rest is trash AI that ignores gunshots 100m away and their friends dying in a bloody mess at their feet.This game has promise but suffers as it seems clear the devs are focused on making money from DLC's rather than fix glaringly obvious issues, seems to be a lack of quality control.The complete lack of an online competition system also leaves a massive gap in what thehunter classic provided.Pros- Pretty graphics- almost everything can buy with in-game money- large reserves- nice sounds- vastly increased animal draw distance and firing range (although the AI is dumb and just ignores when their herd members just drop dead.)- larger herds and groupsCons- Terribly glitchy and incomplete binocular and scope controls (red dot sight moves at about 0.00001 degree per second)- Very bad AI (nowhere near as fun or challenging as hunter classic, dont expect too much challenge)- some parts of the map are completely empty of animals- stupid amounts of cash farming- unrewarding animal scoring, antlers all look similar- no competitions (thehunter classic had dozens)- feels like an arcade game- animals ignore you, hardly spook and ignore gunshots- map is glitchy- cashgrab dlc's of game-changing content (feels like it should be part of main game)- not enough variety of weapons (will probably be sold to us as DLC)- you get birdshot and small game weapons but you cannot score from birds, vermin or bunnies, and they are just a non-event in the game.5/10"
76561198062407752,Recommended,518790,31042814,Posted: 9 April,all,Romcollector,"Over 40 hours on record. Still plenty of things to do.That's a good start for a review! :)So first of all, you need a pretty powerful machine to have this monster of a game run without crashes. I'm using an i7-7700 with a GeForce 1060 and 16 GB of Ram. Game crashed only once since I got it, which was after 6 hours of play and on patch 1.1, so a long time ago.The 2 reserves are amazingly detailed, and with patch 1.3, 4 and 5 the hunting part became more accessible. This feels great and immersive, and I have friends getting new computer equipment just to play this.Finding the outposts is one part of the game, which will get you on the road for quite some time. Outposts are still (unfortunately) the only way to fast travel, so to complete your missions, you will need them. Just finding one might get you more than 15+ minutes, especially without using cheat maps and going by all the lookout stations.The game, the animal tracking (dead rabbits to follow when going after coyotes since 1.5! Yeeah!), the shooting, rifles and bows, it's all good....Could use more animals to shoot...Ducks, Geese...Meh, even fishing could be cool in there...Enoy this version as much as possible, because I don't think the console version coming up has any chances to deliver.A good and solid 8 out of 10."
76561198012148757,Not Recommended,518790,30540053,Posted: 16 March,all,TR!GG3RF!SH™,"(+) Awsome Scenery(+) Tense Hunting Scenes, waiting, tracking, picking the right moment(-) You better be quick cause game can crash anytime and you might end up infront of a frozen screen after you followed that Trophy Buck for half an hour(=) this will be a great hunting game once it is finished and ready for the market"
,Recommended,518790,29986843,Posted: 17 February,all,Mr Shady Bliss ✪,"This game is great fun, plays just like theHunter classic. I haven't had any issues with crashes like most others are complaining about, but then again im not playing on a potato.There are quite a few bugs here and there but nothing they can't patch pretty quickly.The only issue i have is the ammount of animals on the Lake map is way too high, im getting warning calls left right and center and im not even moving. I feel like the sound element to it or sight is not working as intended.But in all the game is amazing, looks amazing and runs amazingly.P.s who the hell done the UI design lol? an apprentice?EDIT: They have fixed quite a lot of bugs now with the latest 1.1 Patch. So that's something! Like i said above, these other issues are going to be seen too fast."
76561198033632044,Not Recommended,518790,30400070,Posted: 8 March,all,[BSB] Repo,"Lovely game, stunning graphics.Please do understand i love the game, i will keep playing but this should not have been released yet.We should be spammed with hot patches , but the patches are far betweenFull of gamebreaking bugs.- Tracks disappear when there is to many of them.- You can not save the game where you at, so it you have to walk to area where you was hunting again if you restart the game. (pitcha a tent and sleep trough the night/saving the game would be nice)-It did not run stable on my high end gaming machine, on my server i do get the +60 FPS in Ultra stable.-Some menu items doent stick and switch back to a previous or the default value,-Animals get stuck in trees, edge of the water or in some deadend parts of the map.Beside those there some annoying glitches and things.-Sometimes your scope glitches.-Sometimes your stuck in the ground comming out of the map (a jump fixes that)-You can buy one scope and fit it on multiple guns.-Animals sometimes act like idiots, just skipping about or not moving at all when a gun is fired near them.Some stuff also need work or clarification.-I spend more then 14 hours gametime to get a picture of two bears-The numbers for the gun and ammo specs do not make any sense to me.-An ingame tutorial would be much appreciated-Most hunting stands and blinds are in spots that dont make sense, some look out on a big tree or a rock. If you would go trough the trouble putting one up you make sure you have a premium unrestricted view.-The animals should interact more. I have seen a bear sitting and a dear bumped into him but he did not care at all.And last but not least;IT FLIPPING RAINS TO MUCH.This is a game, a single player game, let us choose if we want it to rain or not.It rains in real life, it is depressing, why would i durring my game time have it rain too?It is not even a realistic weather pattren, it flipping rains for 45 mitutes in an hour.If it would rain for a whole day in 1 in 15 game days it would be fine but how  it is done now is ridiculous.My faith in the ""no rain"" menu button that actualy sticks in a future patch is extreme high.Ofcourse it all going to be fixed and all will be honky donkey, but this should be tested before they relased the game.I do not want to participated in a payed betatest games anymore, this  game almost feels like a beta on the moment.Normaly i would have waited or not even bothered to write a review, but the review and the tumbs down maybe urges the Devs to put in some hours to fix the urgent things and keep us, the customers, informed. (known buglist, ATE for patches, much more official info on the proggress}/rant"
76561198029069515,Not Recommended,518790,31502764,Posted: 2 May,all,Swiftyy87,"I was going to write a positive review about this game. I played it and loved it. Updates kept coming out, fixing some of the bugs and glitches. Gameplay is quite enjoyable. Fairly optimized. Great sounds. This game was going the right direction.....until the company went back to their money hungry sticky fingers and published a payable ""DLC"".I'd stay far away from this one, unless you won't mind countless ""dlc's"" disguised as microtransactions. I wish I could refund."
,Recommended,518790,34509770,Posted: 26 August,all,Physicist,I lost myself in forest. 0_o
,Not Recommended,518790,31556853,Posted: 5 May,all,☢SeD3uce☢ | csgoroll.com,"That moment when Customers is always right is wrong with this company. They try to argue with popular belief that the new ""DLC"" is not micro-transaction. Great devs 10/10 would get scammed again."
,Not Recommended,518790,29969577,Posted: 16 February,all,SouthMcMerlin,"The game is glitchy, buggy as heck, continuous frame drops and I have a newer Graphics card and system so that isnt the issue. The sound clips out where either its too loud or all togther you cannot hear any sounds in the game for a bit such as gun shots or animal noises or even the environment, and all together it just was not what was expected which was a major let down. It was upsetting as I wanted to get by and just say ♥♥♥♥ it to the fact that the frame drops happened occasionally and the sound wasn't the greatest but not the worst just more of an annoyance. But when I could not harvest my kills from the obnoxious plethora of animals that would just be stuck running in the same spot or not responding at all, It made it feel unplayable. I had looked forward to this game very much as I was a fan of the orignial TheHunter but this was a major let down and in no way an exeperience like its predecesor. Sadly I would not recommend this game as I thought I would have. 4/10"
76561198275600111,Recommended,518790,30111005,Posted: 22 February,all,tjj050903tj,"The hunter call of the wild is a beautiful game. As you walk, you cant just stop looking at your surroundings. Not just for animals, but just to look at the beutiful of the world. This game is so immersive! There are time my heart felt like it was beating out of my chest when you see a big buck or an elk. But with every game there are some drawbacks. One I think the progressive system is realy slow. This can be good or bad. For right now it is ok for the lack of content but when the game starts getting more content it may cause an issue. For gamers who can only paly for an hour or two will have some problems getting all the good stuff. Also the lack of content, its not bad because maby you always stick one gun or weapon and you might never want a new one. The content of animals certainly is not he issue nor the world you can exsplore. Its the weapon chocie. Not as big as the hunter classic which disappoints me but maby soon we will get more. Finaly, bugs. Usually bugs work in your favor. There is no game breaking bugs and also the game runs well. I hope this review helped you decide if you want to become a hunter in The hunter call of the wild. Also this is a must have for people who love hunting games."
76561197994545779,Recommended,518790,30280799,Posted: 2 March,all,illuminat_i / Oov lag spike,"Lots of fun, requires patience, you also need a nice computer and headset to fully enjoy the scenary and ambience.Although I encountered a couple of bugs just as others mentioned in their reviews but I enjoyed playing this game very much nevertheless."
,Not Recommended,518790,31515535,Posted: 2 May,all,master pee pee,"Very well made game, amazing graphics, good physics and fun for a while. The only major factor this game is missing is exciting missions and objectives. In my opinion there isn't really a point just to explore and do pointless stuff. If the missions were more interesting I would stay around for longer but to me there isn't really a point."
76561197967645948,Not Recommended,518790,35475128,Posted: 4 October,all,McRed,"A very unpolished game. Full of bugs and glitches like freezing animals and sometimes no tracks or animals at all, causing me to have to restart the game to try to get them to spawn.The user interface is not at all inuitive and takes a bit of time to figure out how to properly equip yourself and then use that equipment. Then trying to figure out what item it is that you just pulled out takes getting used to as you cannot see the name of the item anywhere on the HUD. For example you can pull out one of the calls or scent sprays, but you have no idea which one it is until you get very familiar with it's appearance as there is nothing anywhere that tells you what it is you just pulled out.The animal AI is anything but realistic. It's like there was  little to no research that went into behavior patterns of different species. And if there was, it was very poorly implemented.The gameplay mechanics are a total joke. The movements are anything but fluid. Everything you try to do feels so delayed and robotic. Just to raise your gun to shoot or even to lower your gun back down is painfully slow.But all this comes to be expected from developers at Expansive Worlds. They promised this game would be a one time purchase with no microtransactions (see theHunter Classic reviews and forums for more BS on this), then almost immediately came out with little DLC packages. They screwed everyone over with theHunter Primal (again check theHunter Primal reviews and forums to see the BS they left people with) which was released years ago and still very broken to this day.I regret going past the 2 hour mark for a refund on this title. But I've certainly learned my lesson and will not send another dime their way unless their game is proven polished, reliable and fun."
,Recommended,518790,30175513,Posted: 25 February,all,Cruckel,"A game where genuinely there are some beautiful scenes, but patience and understanding mechanics are required. In this case, hunting expierence helps too.But don't not buy this game if you have never hunted. It is a beautiful game in itself. I find myself more looking at nature and enjoying the beauty of this game more than aiming and shooting at something. But then it can be difficult to get your target in your sights.But from my expierence in the woods, that's what I am used to.After putting a few hours into The Hunter: Call of the Wild, I enjoy it. I plan to put more time into it over the years. Visually it is a very beautiful game. If running around looking for the 360 no scope is your thing pass on this game, but if you are looking for a peaceful tranquil game where you can enjoy the simulated nature found inside this game give it a shot. (no pun intended)"
76561197971172376,Not Recommended,518790,31531729,Posted: 3 May,all,Dani S. 5T-56,"Well, here it goes, a game that promised no microtransactions and now I get to pay for ""DLC"" tents and blinds in a game that is so unpolished that I crash 1/10 times I attempt to use a rifle scope..."
76561198346505361,Recommended,518790,35058382,Posted: 18 September,all,SuitingGhost,"If there were a half thumb up half down button, I'd choose that.First of all, this is an amazing game. It has extremely impressive scenery if your device can run on high quality graphic settings. The hunting experience is a lot of fun. Each time I play this game, I sink at least an hour (usually more than that if I have time) on it because there are too many interesting things to explore. You need both patience and intelligence to compete against those smart animals.However, I definitely understand why so many people have written negative reviews. The two DLCs that have come out so far don't cost the developers much effort to design, yet they are very important to players' gaming experience. I didn't mind paying a little more for the DLCs since I had spent 30 dollars already, but they are overpriced. Players always spawn at the outposts every time entering the game unless you have the tent DLC. It's a ridiculous design which apparently aims for the money. You have to pay for the right to spawn anywhere you like. Similar thing to the ATV DLC.So to those who are still deciding whether to buy, consider the prices of DLCs on the top of that of the main content. Because only in this way can you enjoy a COMPLETE gameplay."
76561198071308642,Recommended,518790,30361937,Posted: 6 March,all,Cpl.Ciotti,Great game. I'm addicted to it but almost to the point of giving up until the FREQUENT bugs and glitches are fixed.
,Recommended,518790,35355282,Posted: 30 September,all,Woodsman,"Got killed by horde of wild boars, after respawn i killed them to extinction10/10 best revenge simulator out there"
76561198081325621,Not Recommended,518790,32486578,Posted: 16 June,all,bkk1,"I would not recommend this game. Now, you may have noticed that I have quite a bit of time played on this game, but after seeing just how slowly the devs seem to be fixing the bugs, I have stopped playing. It also doesn't help that almost every new peice of content they add into the game is a DLC that you have to pay for. The tent DLC had me a bit worried that it was going to turn into theHunter classic, and now that the ATV DLC was released and you have to pay for it too confirms that this game will probably turn into a pay to play game. Granted, the game itself was very fun until I got fed up with all of the bugs and paid DLC's, but seeing them not release any new free content (i.e. Guns, new animals, new maps) and seeing how slowly they are fixing the bugs, I would strongly suggest staying away from this game."
,Not Recommended,518790,29968362,Posted: 16 February,all,Lead4u,"This game had high promise but they have unfortunately decided not to fix any of the bugs from the Beta session several months ago and don't really make any indication that they ever intend too.In addition, there is still no ultra-widescreen support for this game which is unbelievable in 2017, multiple crashing issues and poor performance overall.Alpha release at its best... I would reccommend waiting until they put forth at least some indication that they intend on working on these issues."
,Not Recommended,518790,31554813,Posted: 5 May,all,The_Osiris,"Captures the spirit of hunting, but still needs work and more content. Not happy about DLC. I'm a no for now."
76561198026013123,Not Recommended,518790,31554778,Posted: 5 May,all,Oscar,"They finally made a full, complete game. Or so I thought. Weeks after I purchase it, these guys start coming out with MORE DLC. Way to make your game like the old one intead of fixing the VARIOUS amount of bugs and glitches. I do not recommend this game and NO ONE should support this disgusting business model."
,Not Recommended,518790,31810986,Posted: 17 May,all,Phoenx,game had alot of promise when they said no microtransactions but nope. not going to do it.
,Not Recommended,518790,30536263,Posted: 15 March,all,[FuoM]VoLcaNoTurTle,"i miss playing cabela's big game hunter (2002) on the ps2.  This game needs a lot of work and i really hope it does get fixed because its beautiful and mulitplayer will be fun. But all i saw was a deer running beside a bear and then they both get stuck on a tree and the deer takes 7 shots to kill then i kill the bear, then you get xp for both kills. it's poachjing not hunting :D. then after that I was trying to creep up on a elk but it saw me and ran away but it ran to a cliff and fell off and died which was pretty funny but then i jumped off the cliff as well and only lost 25 HP -.- then collected the animal turned around and saw a deer running away from me.  you run into animals way too fast and i even turned off all the hints and tracking stuff so i could be relying on my calls and sent but i still found animals no problem. I just think if they added that you have to buy tags for the animal you want and fix the AI making them not get stuck on♥♥♥♥♥♥and spread them out it will be a great game but for now i say wait"
76561197998027532,Not Recommended,518790,29968656,Posted: 16 February,all,Matamanene,"[[Edited for typos]]Disappointing and confusing.Great audio and looks gorgeous but the menus were a bit broken (Esc to exit does nothing) and forgot my settings every few minutes. I couldn't reliably reproduce this, it just happened occasionally.Whilst I understand the hearing capabilities of my prey, the Sound Meter at the bottom right suggests that crawling prone through soft(!) grass makes the same amount of noise as running and jumping around in the water or dry underbrush, with a few patches of grass as exception.Crouching makes the same noise level according to the meter, regardless of surface. I think we may be missing a 'creep' pace option, tippytoe style.Gun level mechanic from the last game was better, I dislike the level gated firearms and items (more on that in a sec) and currently I'm not sure what my character is even doing on a hunting range when he messes up his reloads, wasting valuable time. Bit odd.I can't fathom why I need to be level 33(? going off of memory here) in order to purchase wind direction detector spray when the compass automatically shows wind direction /and/ there's a perk for it already.The visiblity icon thing was neat, I suppose.I think I'll stick with TheHunter Classic."
,Recommended,518790,32152996,Posted: 3 June,all,JuliaM,"This game came as quite a surprise to users of its sister game 'The Hunter', and it currently lacks the content ( two maps only, a small handful of weapons & equipment) but boy, does it deliver on graphics! The maps are amazing, the sound and animation and the weather effects are incredible. There are some bugs, yes, but they are being worked on and there's potential for more DLC in the future.You will need quite a beefy PC but if you have one, you'll not be disappointed."
,Recommended,518790,30174432,Posted: 25 February,all,shywiseowl,"Absolutely loving this game!  Enjoying the fact that there are missions and you have to ""earn"" everything by gaining experience points which can be transfered to skill points to increase your hunting abilities, yes it is a little buggy but it is a fairly new game, the bugs will be ironed out eventually but aside from that it is awesome!  The graphics are quite high so I am having to keep everything set to low to be able to run it on my computer but it still looks awesome and realistic."
,Recommended,518790,30116173,Posted: 23 February,all,♛DJ LZB♛,"Awesome game!I love the whole concept of it, the graphics are really beautiful. For a game that run's an open world engine I can tell this one has been optimised well. The game always runs smooth and constistant, and the clever AI system really makes hunting all the more realistic.Please be aware that this game is also still buggy although the developers are still hooking us up with updates including fix's and so on. I've owned this game for 2 days and I'm already satisified with my purchase. If your like me and quite like the great outdoors but never really has the energy to do so, then I highly recommend this game.Cheers."
76561198005772297,Recommended,518790,30121049,Posted: 23 February,all,zeral_storm,"Rather different from Thehunter Classic ( I got +1000 hours in that game! Beat THAT! XD). But still have to give it the thumbs up.Pro: Better graphics (duh). More realistic and skittish animals. More geniune hunting experience.Con: Skill tree. Makes it feel like a fps shooter. ""To earn X skill you need to earn X experience points."
,Recommended,518790,30232580,Posted: 27 February,all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"Beautiful enjoyable hunting game. Has some bugs but updates are frequent so it can only get better.My specs: 16 Gigs RAM/Aero GTX 1070/ Intel i7-7700kUpdate to review:Game is working much better than at ""release"". The devs have been updating it frequently.Simple Overview Opinions:Graphics = Beautiful and 4k supportHunting Experience = Single Player Missions and AchievementsGameplay = Straight forward hunting experienceMaps = Big enough to keep busyGame animals = Good variety but could use moreEquipment = Lacking in camo/ Good weapon variety but could use more/ Scents and Callers/ In game store to buy stuff you need to hunt with game earned moneyDLC = ATV and Tents and extra backpackMP = Much improved but still being tweakedGamers who like hunting games will love this. More non paid DLC content is my hope. My rating would be a 7/10.The videos below are older play as a newer player but plenty more on my channel in HD and 4k. Thanks and Enjoy.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=883214948https://youtu.be/2aGPqBKmTtYhttps://youtu.be/2zqUOmw-rgkhttps://youtu.be/S2nXEC7i5tghttps://youtu.be/niyrl4hOXUw"
76561198381967935,Not Recommended,518790,31230217,Posted: 18 April,all,peeenl,"Its a cool game, but its crashing all the time. It has only lasted once over 5 minutes in about 10 startups. It did last until I stopped playing in that once instance, but other then that its almost unplayable. I would love to play it, but honestly; if this keeps up I want a refund."
,Recommended,518790,30198401,Posted: 26 February,all,FC/Hordz™,"With only 3 hours into the game as of writing it, theres only so much I can say about it. Currently it feels like a Euro Truck Simulator 2 game, where relaxing and walking around is really fun and enjoyable, the immersion is lovely but as people said below there is  a tiny thing or two that you may want to look out for.Firstly the game might be frustrating if you're new and thinking you can sprint everywhere and noscope stuff, well stop doing that and if you refuse to and keep on noscoping then back into the cesspool of Call of Duty.The game is buggy, quite buggy but it seems fairly optimized with a R280x and 8350 8x core processor, I've yet to see any crashes and i've done most of the three hours in one session so it seems to be pretty solid from my standpoint.Now would I recommend it? Well if you want a game that is just about walking around and hunting with full immersion like listening on trance at a sunday, then hell yeah go for it. But if you want alot more then I suggest waiting until they fixed some of the bugs and add some more content.... What? I liked it! Sorry if you didn't.. jerks.."
76561198033162411,Recommended,518790,30307325,Posted: 3 March,all,Ingus,Chill game
,Not Recommended,518790,30073784,Posted: 20 February,all,Jord68,"Maybe someday it will be good, but right now it's unfinished and lacking content. I will say that I respect them for not making it F2P, that's a big plus in my book."
76561198015878115,Not Recommended,518790,31731712,Posted: 13 May,all,dede3,"They patched this good game into oblivion.Now weapons hitreg, animal behavior, harvest screen are functioning only 50% of time.If this 'bug' repair team can work on the hunter further, it will stop running."
,Recommended,518790,31514593,Posted: 2 May,all,Larry June,"Great looking game to relax and shoot some animals. Some bugs here and there. Bow hunting is definitely broken. Either way I enjoy playing with friends etc, I have not ran into anything game breaking. The majority of the poor reviews are from the people who cant afford a 3 dollar DLC"
,Recommended,518790,29963821,Posted: 16 February,all,Ampun Sultan,"Unplayable. I can't even start the game. As soon as I entered the main menu, the game crashed. I'm going to wait for a couple of days and if the problem still persist, I'm going to ask for a refund.Edit: Now there's already an update and I can play the game, I can safely say this is a great game for its price. The sound and graphic are absolutely mesmerizing!"
,Not Recommended,518790,31470124,Posted: 30 April,all,Reapz,ResidentSleeper
76561198027441331,Not Recommended,518790,31549613,Posted: 4 May,all,Farland,"So much for this game. I was waiting be able  to save my game at my current location.Sure didn't expect to pie-holed into having to pay for what should be a standard feature.So I give this game a;""OOMGLYPOS"" - (out of my game liburary you piece of sh*t)To bad i can't get a refund, we shouldn't be penalized for not being physic enough to forsee getting screwed."
,Not Recommended,518790,31544905,Posted: 4 May,all,Smoke Big,"Fun game with some bugs but due to the dlc ""problem / outrage"" i will have to not recommend this game as of right now"
76561198007949295,Recommended,518790,31921808,Posted: 23 May,all,Fatherdaeth,I haven't played much of this yet I know but I can tell you.. this is incredible and I really dont know why so many people are complaining about the 3.99 dlc.. I mean yes it's BS it should already be in the game BUT it is only 3.99 and they really could have charged 60 bucks for this incredible work of art. Best hunting game period and to top that off there's multiplayer.. another feature they didn't  have to add.This is coming from someone that HATED the way they did the first game will all the BS you had to buy after you bought the game already and subscribe and just a horrible horrible way to do business. Thehunter classic would have done so much better if you could just buy it and puschase stuff if you wanted or earn it in game but anyway this is way better.I honestly had zero respect for this company after seeing the way they did the first game but this game has redeemed them. Hopefully it stays that way.It's a no brainer if your looking for a hunting game.
76561198015399787,Recommended,518790,34631592,Posted: 31 August,all,will wabbit hunter,this game is very good it takes a lot of patience to play this game you will spend most of your time moving slow and standing still. the sound effects of rain and wind and the gunshots are well done. it's  a challenge to try calling red foxes/coyotes into shotgun range. the calls of animals are also well done sometimes you see the call icon but no sound which is a bug that happens sometimes. and the tracking of animals is good you see if they were running or trotting or walking. after you shoot an animal you will find out if you got a vital hit or non-vital hit or flesh wound where you shot the animal with blood on the ground. and you will see the bleed rate following the tracks of a shot animal. i really love this game and hope for more animals to be added to the game.
,Not Recommended,518790,35481212,Posted: 4 October,all,Alex,"theHunter: Call of the Wild - Review after 30 hours of gameplayTL;DR Skip to the bottomThis game feels like an early access game hidden beneath the guise of full release discussed in depth below.theHunter: Call of the wild [First Impression]theHunter: Call of the wild here-in referred to as CotW gives you an amazing first impression with it's stunningly beautiful graphical fidelity. The ambience of the soundtrack will make you feel totally immerssed in this hunting simulation style game. The wildlife feels, at first glance, realistic enough with their calls of mating, warning and pathing. It gives you just enough tutorial to throw you straight into the game to understand it's basic mechanics without overloading you, however, just too little to teach you how to play the game properly.theHunter: Call of the wild [Maps]Both the Lake and Hirchfelden maps will take your litterally hours to traverse around the borders of them with a variety of areas such as mountains, rivers, lakes, plains, and forests to explore for animals. So whether you are taking pictures with your ingame camera or hunting you'll have no shortage of beautiful terrain to walk through to do so.Overall I'd rate the maps a stunning 8/10. While these maps are quite beautiful there are only 2 maps at the time of this review. If you spend any real amount of time in the game, you'll learn them like the back of your hand. They are not gigantic maps but they are big enough.theHunter: Call of the wild [Progression]It seems to be a growing trend in newer titles to have some form of progression system. Now while this works perfecly well with their leveling, skills and perks system it falls flat on it's face with weapons progression. To unlock higher end weapons you must use lesser weapons and their optics in harvested animals. Meaning you do not get the experience for your shots unless you track down your animal. It makes sense from how they implemented it but not why. There should be no need for progression on weapons. If I have the cash I should be able to purchase the weapon of my choosing regardless of the power of the weapon or view distance on the optic.Overall I'd rate the progression system a solid 5/10. It's completely average with no real innovation though it does needlessly lock weapons behind a seperate experience system which to me is a negative.theHunter: Call of the wild [Stealth]CotW does have an intricate stealth system that works very well. You make noise as you move through grass, shrubs, bushes and trees making stalking prey a nice challenge for bow hunters and other close quarter hunters. It feels good to sneak up on your prey and take it down from stealth. Hiding in trees, bushes and tall shrubbery will also reduce your visibilty to animals making it an effective ambush location if you choose your spot well.CotW does NOT have camoflague clothing that works with the stealth system. This means even if you buy the camoflague clothing, for a high price I might add, it does nothing but change how you look to other players as you play from a first person perspective. So unless you want to play CotW barbie dressup edition clothing does nothing for you and that is a real shame. If I'm hunting in real life, which I do, I buy camoflague to increase my chances of bagging that trophy whitetail. There is already a visibility reduction statistic built into ground blinds that could be attached to camoflague clothing. To me this is a simple and much NEEDED fix to make immediately.Overall I'd rate the stealth system a very good 6/10. It's above average and does everything you'd expect it to. I've docked this from being better for the lack of real hunting camoflagues. A characteristic found in the much more venerable title of the same franchise, theHunter Classic.theHunter: Call of the wild [Weapons]CotW suffers from a serious lack in variety of weapons. You have 2 shotguns, 3 pistols, 3 bows, and 7 rifles. It's really quite pathetic. This compounded with the fact that each weapon of the same type has the exact same effective range is a complete joke. Every single rifle has the same effective range of 150 meters, that's it. As a military veteran of the united states army I can quite easily tell you that their .338 rifle has an effective range of over 500 meters and has confirmed hits at over that range. It's unacceptable at best. Weapons also suffer from poor audio balancing. When firing the .357 magnum pistol for the first time while wearing headphones at an average or above average volume level it will give you quite the startle. Where as the .223, .243, .270, and 7mm rifles all have a good balance of sound. The ammunition choices seem acceptable at first glance until you shoot a .270 round into a white tails lung and it fails to come out the other side or penetrate both lungs. I've had 1 shot using the soft tip ammunition penetrate both lungs in easily over 100 rounds fired into lungs. In real life soft tip expansion rifle rounds more often than not go clean threw the animal. They don't stop because they hit the shoulder bone either unless you're hunting something above the rifles weight class like a bison. The accuracy stats on these rifles is all over the place. As an example one of the lever action rifles has over 800% better accuracy than a BOLT ACTION .338 LAPUA MAGNUM! Have these developers done any weapons research whatsoever? Apparently not.Overall I'd rate the weapons a lazy AF 1/10. There is no real weapon variety. The audio balancing is poor. The same range on all weapons is BEYOND lazy. The lack of realistic bullet penetration is pathetic and the accuracy ratings on some of these weapons is mind boggling inaccuracte.theHunter: Call of the wild [Animal Artificial Intelligence]CotW suffers from some of the WORST animal AI I have ever seen in a hunting game. As a former game developer and with a little exploration I was able to come to a logical conclusion.|||The following statement can be construed as hearsay as I do NOT have access to the games coding.(I believe the AI to be run on a pathing map placed below the real map that the players walk on. I have seen this blank map and have reasonable suspition to believe that the cause of some of the horrible pathing of the animals can be attritubed to this.)|||Sooner or later you'll find animals that seem to walk completely in place without moving. Other times you'll find them running blindly into the same tree and sometimes for over 60 seconds. It's quite bizzare to watch an animal you've just shot at run at full speed, going nowhere, into a tree. I have also witness ""sinking"" animals where animals occasionally clip into the terrain. A bug common in theHunter series and still seems to be affecting the later titles as this bug is common around hills in both classic and CotW.I've watched animals return time and time again to an area in which I have fired a rifle, shotgun and pistol in harvested the animal and watched them return to me without callers. We had believed animals to avoid hunting pressure areas but that does not seem to be the case 100% of the time. In fact it happens so frequently that I've managed to at one point harvest 6 animals within 50 meters of where i first shot 1, then the second, third, etc.Overall I'd rate the Animals Artificial Intelligence at a 5/10. It's workable but could use some improvement.theHunter: Call of the wild [Final Verdict]While the game runs great on it's maximum settings and has very high quality ambience the game suffers from illogical design choices and lazy programming. The lack of working camoflague in a hunting simulator is unacceptable. The animals AI is servicable but needs work. The stealth system works good enough and is acceptable. The weapons system is a complete and utter joke.Overall I'd rate it 5/10. I'll be on theHunter Classic until it's fixed."
76561197960308744,Not Recommended,518790,30964428,Posted: 5 April,all,Ikarus,Pro:+GraphicsCons:- Gunplay- Gun variety- Gun Impact- Animal Behavior- Fps Drops- Animal variety- Multiplayeretc everything else but Graphics...
76561198044004377,Recommended,518790,30158525,Posted: 24 February,all,Balferon,I really like this game a lot . Haven't had any problems since i got the new patch 1 . 11
,Not Recommended,518790,29985038,Posted: 17 February,all,Lars_Monsen,Ok where to start this is a senic almost perfect game. but thats where it end as of now multiplayer is bugged.you cant apply settings in game one example is the aim mode toggle you can change it but as soon as you shoot it goes back to default.the crashes omfg the crashes.the original the hunter had problems for months and i fear this game will be simular to sadly.the where looking for betatesters those surly did a great job well done picking them...over to gameplay this sure have a more arcade angle on the hunting compared to the hunter original. a good thing for getting more players in to it. animal behavior  seems to be really strange in this game compared to the original. the hunter pressure is not working as intended i noticed the more i shoot in a area the more animals i see and hear should be the other way around i think personally i dont like the whole level to get gear thing i think the game would be more enjoyable if i could get stuff♥♥♥♥♥soon as i had money for it. wounder if you should get the game? at the current state i would put the value to $10 so thats my answer.
76561197960820471,Not Recommended,518790,31391475,Posted: 27 April,all,Just,"Sadly this game seems to be moving into the same direction as the previous one.tons of 5€ mini dlcs incoming so in the end playing the ""full game"" will costs hundreds of euros.. sad.."
,Not Recommended,518790,31627458,Posted: 8 May,all,[rs2.fi] Basso,"Bug hunter 2017. Should be early access. Microtransactions now as dlc. Yes! They do dlc even the main game is fkdup. No colorblind mode or changeable track colors. If you are red green colorblindness, you have hard time with tracks.Still i have good time in. If you can deal with bugs and you are not colorblind, go for it. Now i give it negative but if they fix bugs and add colorblind mode, i propably change my review."
76561197970680484,Recommended,518790,32985872,Posted: 29 June,all,Shane,"First ImpressionsRelaxing, slow paced, and suprisingly delightful change not had chance to check out any multiplayer action but it actually has a storyline attached to the game which i was not expecting at all upon purchase. Figured it was just going to be a case of running around the landscape shooting animals, but the park ranger sends you missions, you setup camp, rest in lodges, and take part in hunting events.Graphics wise, my computer can run it 30-40fps at high, but the ultra settings is a tad choppy, my specs....AMD FX 6300 (6core) @ 3.50 GHzGeforce 960 GTX8GB DDR3 Rambut to be perfectly fair theres very little change (noticable to the eye change at least) the biggest thing between the two settings is probably some shadows go missing on the lower one...i think they missed a few tricks here and there, they could have added in some survival elements eat the meat you hunt, and there a few bugs and issues, nothing major at the start, but as you play more and more others start to surface, at the moment the largest problems, being...sometimes my ATV doesnt have a engine sound.the ingame phone that controls most things stopped working had to reload gameAnimal glitchesIn addition to all this you can toggle all the HUD elements to make it harder and feel more natural theres a hunting store in which you can purchase additional items & collections to gather.  there is also a ranking system,  and some minor RPG elements, etc...so... yea great first impression so far"
,Not Recommended,518790,30536645,Posted: 15 March,all,Darbeansballs,"Lazy coding, buggy and feels like early access.Suggestion for the dev team: Get your finger out lads and you might have a nice product here.Suggestion for their customers:  Wait for a sale and don't pay anything more than 15euro."
,Not Recommended,518790,31694673,Posted: 11 May,all,Gonezero,"The old game nickel and dimed you. The new game was supposed to be rid of that. There ""DLC"" is a joke. The dlc should of been in the game in the first place. You can pay $3 for some furniture that will barely benefit you. The amount of time to level up to get a deer grunt is out of control. Graphics are good the ai doesnt seem as tricky as the old game. Sales model: make people happy they upvote your product you in turn make more money off new customers instead of nickel and diming old customers. If you want dlc release real dlc like a map and some new animals. Where are the turkeys? Pheasants? Ducks? Also old game had dynamic antler system, if the animal looked good it was good this game is like hit or miss or maybe dice rolling not sure."
,Not Recommended,518790,32479736,Posted: 16 June,all,Krabic,"Well, I've waited long time before writting this review, but it seems like the state this game is in is final state and hotfixes always break something else, so no reason for waiting.First of all the game looks great - especially light/sun effects. Also the idea of big open world where you gain experience, earning money for new stuff works. I like it. But sadly these two are the only good things... I've played classic hunter almost since beginning when there was only one map, so I was looking forward to this one. I don't know if the devs are some new guys fresh from the school or what, but they mess up everything they touch. They basically didn't do any work. They just took Avalanche engine and put mess on top of it. For example menus. They work horrible, it's obvious no UX guy designed them. It took like a month before they even added exit to main menu option... Sound: sounds are great but extremely unbalanced volume, so some things you can't even hear, some are too loud. Volume sliders didn't even work when the game came out. And there is a lot more...- tons of bugs- no proper antialiasing- pretty bad weapon animations- random damage when crouchingThe new patch changed something with rest zones. Result? I have rest zones that are for 1 animal and they go in infinite straight line (lots of dead rabbits). So every patch fixes something, but breaks two other things (I doubt they even test it properly).Game is broken but we already have two paid dlcs...I think the team working on this should be replaced by someone who knows how to develop games. Because this seems like some school project. And graphics are nice just because of the engine they've bought...Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,518790,31797492,Posted: 16 May,all,Shaymus,"I bought this game not expecting it to be the way it was, there is no much travelling. Making this game pretty much Walking Simulator 2016.I spent my first 2-3 hours in the game walking looking for something...Found my first deer! Oh Boy, let's shoot it.Pew pew, shoot the deer, off it goes... Running through the woods.Looks like I'm gonig to have to walk some more... Holly jee, what a good game...After a little bit spent in the game, I decided it was not worth my time. If there was a better way of getting around the world that isn't walking, I would be more than willing to play. I do not enjoy taking an hour or two to get from one area to another. Extreme waste of my time.Although the game wastes all your interest in the game by making you walk, at least the scenery is decent. The world is great looking. But that's all the game has for it."
76561197979198187,Recommended,518790,30950862,Posted: 4 April,all,RayJRabbit,"It's like Fruit Stripe gum. It's really good, but loses flavor sooner than you would hope"
76561197985390124,Recommended,518790,30582340,Posted: 17 March,all,tpw,"Let's get it out of the way first - the environmental audiovisuals of this game are absolutely astonishing. Possibly the most beautifully realised and naturalistic open game world I've ever seen.Unfortunately the artistry, technical prowess and obvious dedication that went into the game world simply don't extend to the gameplay and UI. Quite simply the game should not have been released in its current state as anything other than early access, and the devs would be receiving a lot more support and understanding if it had been.Currently Hunter CotW is a hunting game where you can't quite trust that the casualised hunting mechanics are coming together properly. Bagging or losing an animal because the game glitched out rather than through your own skills or lack thereof kind of defeats the whole purpose. Numerous crashes, bugs, design flaws and gameplay oversights just add additional salt to the wound.I'll give it a positive review because even as incomplete and bug ridden as it is, the immersion from wandering around its incredibly realised world (and occasionally shooting things) is unbeatable. It just has a long long way to go to be considered a finished product."
,Recommended,518790,30242423,Posted: 28 February,all,The Mighty Moose (Roulette),"I am having a great time on this game, 1 thing I would just like to point out is that the 7mm rifle seems to crash my game every time i shoot it. If this is seen please fix this issue."
,Recommended,518790,30249991,Posted: 28 February,all,5 Card Charlie,"Honestly a relaxing and refreshing experience. Walked with a few players so far, new and old, and everyone is willing to listen and help out when hunting."
76561198272974272,Recommended,518790,30268435,Posted: 1 March,all,Sarge,"Fantastic game. There are minor bugs, but I hardly notice them, the graphics are good, and I love the mechanics, such as tracking and AI. There are also the small things, like tall grass being flattened where you walk, that add so much to the game. It is well worth the thirty dollars, and I cant imagine exploring the entire map, it's vastness is overwhelming. My only complaint is that I think there should be more waypoints, I personally am very distracted by the smallest of things, and end up chasing a deer miles off the trail, making it almost impossible to reach my destination."
,Not Recommended,518790,33333039,Posted: 6 July,all,S4L4MANDER,"Yeah, it is a pretty good game, it is realistic for sure, and it is fun. BUT, the game seems to crash all the f*cking time. You cant minimize it, multiplayer sometimes drops people off, at multiplayer when my friend shoot an animal i heard the noise 1min before.All my pc configurations match the recomended settings, shoudnt be things like this.Here goes a  tip for you guys:When you are going to invite a friend, and if your game crashes on minimizing, put Settings>Display>Windowed and set launch settings on steam ""/borderless"". This should fix itAnd about the crashes while i am playing, i dont know how to fix it yet. I just still play this game because of my friends.Long Story short: yeah, the game is  more annoying than fun. If i knew this is going to be like this i would buy another game."
76561198150800608,Recommended,518790,30254411,Posted: 28 February,all,Jebaia,epic game but the slow run is annoying
,Not Recommended,518790,33136788,Posted: 2 July,all,PackAsaurasRex,"Not a bad game at all, really fun if your into this type of game but honestly there isn't enough content in the game to be asking the $30 sale price. Compared to the first one (theHunter Classic) the game has almost no content and I would honestly expect this amount of content in an alpha title, also not considering all the awesome features missing from the first hunter, like trophy shots, and leaderboards and competitions and such.. So many awesome features that they didn't transfer over and honestly it really sucks. Right now, if you buy this game just know that there isn't too much to it right now and honestly I wish I would have waited another year or so before purchasing.. Right now I'll stick to theHunter Classic, I hate that microtranscation riddled game but its the best around with the most content. Right now, hold off. I think it will get there with content but its just not ready for the $30 sale price plus the DLC.. Hold off for now."
76561198010082775,Recommended,518790,29970506,Posted: 16 February,all,huskey,theHunter: Call of the Wild  is a different game then theHunter classic if you buy this game and thought it was thehunter classic 2 or something your wrong they never said it was. Both games are still being worked on and each game is for different people I think both are good games for people who want something different out of a hunting game.
76561198361020830,Not Recommended,518790,29996236,Posted: 17 February,all,sufi.joe6,"i hope u dont consider BEING ANGRY FOR SPENDING REAL MONEY FOR UNFINISHED PRODUCTWITH LOTS OF BUGS AND GLITCHES as being not polite.Oh yes, i am angry.CONFUSIONS:1. Why make the game requires latest graphic card when my high end graphic card can smoothly play much better graphic than this one? My laptop can play Splinter Cell Blacklist ULTRA SETTING without stuttering at all, but even in The Hunter Classic, the medium setting stutters significantly. The Highest Setting in The Hunter is still inferior to the LOWEST SETTING of Splinter Cell Blacklist, at least to my non-expert opinion. I am stand corrected as this confusion might come from my own lack of graphic card knowledge, but if my confusion is based on a fair ground, can the developer do something with/change the engine provider or does this has something to do with the graphic card manufacturers business politic?2. The developer is impressive in inventing a great concept of gameplay. That requires a great deal of creativity and careful fine-tunings. But i am very confused about the sound of some animals, like the Red Kangaroo in The Hunter Classic. When i had first heard the sound of them, i was surprised because i did not imagine such animal would produce that kind of sound, and it sparked some doubt in me too. So i googled and youtubed it. Turned out that the actual sound was very different. I checked lots of videos and none came up with the sound like the one in the game.I thought this game is some sort of simulation so it is really a turn off with that kangaroo sound thing (if it really is different from the real ones)"
76561197987601621,Not Recommended,518790,33256172,Posted: 4 July,all,PreyB1rd,"UPDATE:Recently they patched some bugs out, as far as i can tell now it's way more stable, but i still strongly recommend to backup your savegames regularly just in case. Not really what i'd call polished but the devs are on the right track. They just have to keep on doing bugfixing and testing.Original:The game itself is more like arcade than simulation though you can adjust the settings . If you are new to this series or type of game, like me, then it's rather easy to understand the game mechanics as it is also quite beginner-friendly.It's really immersive, the sounds, the graphics, you really can feel like being ""out here"" in the wild! In my opinion it's comparable to Kingdom Come- Deliverance, for everyone who played the beta or watched a gameplay-video about it you know what i mean^^It has the potential to be a top-class hunting/nature-walking-simulator...but then....................the bugs: missing sounds, tracks disappearing which makes it very hard to find an animal especially after you hit it, and once i had a crash and my savegame was wiped which is the most annoying bug of it all to me.Maybe after some time and bugfixing i will play it more often, because i think it's a rough diamond under the surface. Maybe i should  be more patient and observe the further development but that's my own problem ;-)At the moment, in my opinion it's still way to frustating.Only buy at this point, if you have a thick skin and patience when the game keeps going bonkers from time to time, or wait some more until it's more polished: I have the strong hope they will get it alright in the end.For now sadly i can't raise my thumb."
76561197968596876,Not Recommended,518790,30211821,Posted: 26 February,all,nello_ j,"the game is really buggy and a lot of times the aminals are just frozen,  too many of them also.  It's like a Zoo simulator"
76561197998169109,Not Recommended,518790,30112665,Posted: 22 February,all,Eastwood,"Don't buy it unless you want to feel like you are in Pre-Alpha testing!Freezes, crashes, bullets often don't do damage, Animals will get stuck in bushes or hover over rocks. Setting navigation is awful and clumsy. Switching from an animal call to a weapon will almost always cause your character to get stuck on whatever item is equipped. The list of problems goes on and on.The landscapes and graphics are amazing at times but ultimately the game is ruined when you track an animal for 20 minutes just to have the game crash or to be unable to switch to your weapon to shoot it."
76561198003381569,Recommended,518790,30112287,Posted: 22 February,all,valefor_sdad,":steamhappy:It is not perfect but they are working on it.Dev words about (Trophy Room) and (TruRacks), would be great!I called out a fox and nailed it from a respectable distance.I (sadly) wounded a deer but tracked it (for an HOUR) and caught up with it and finished it off. (SATISFYING :steamhappy:).UPDATE:Game is tighter with neck shots dropping animals like they were struck by lightning."
76561198065304394,Recommended,518790,30132671,Posted: 23 February,all,Arnett36,"Awesome Hunting experience! extremely realistic, and while there are a few bugs, they have mostly been fixed in the most recent update. they arent even game breaking so honestly did not regret purchasing with the bugs. Hunting with friends is extremely fun, and the only thing i could ask for is an atv to drive around that would be awesome!"
,Recommended,518790,30127633,Posted: 23 February,all,ProfessorWeeWoo,This game is like the old hunter just with a fresh coat of paint i can see it becoming a addiction Lol but it has no microtransactions and has super beautiful maps you can hunt on best hunting game in my opinion and worth the money
,Recommended,518790,30027738,Posted: 18 February,all,Jono,"It definitely has its issues, mostly related to bugs and some optimization issues, but I've had a lot of fun with the game.  I have no history with the series or hunting games in general really, but I find this game to be incredibly relaxing and immersive.  The visuals and sounds are awesome as well as you watch day shift to night and storms suddenly roll in with high winds and heavy rain.  If you are on the edge it might be worth waiting a bit for another patch or two to roll in and see if it fixes some of the bigger issues, however I took the dive myself despite seeing quite a few negative reviews and don't regret it.Pros:- Great visuals- Immersive sound design- It could just be because this is my introduction to his type of game, but it was a thrill listening for and tracking down animals to kill.  I look forward to some more difficult targets that will require more time.- Feels welcoming to players newer to this style of game with a bit more casual presentation.  This of course could be looked at negatively to veterans of this type of game or theHunter Classic.- Speedy loading times.  I don't even have a SSD, but this game loads from the title screen into the game world very quickly which surprised me considering how large the map is.- Various challenges, quests, and lore discovery locations are sprinkled throughout the map, giving some extra activities outside of general hunting.- The two hunting reserve maps are massive in sizeCons:- The biggest issue right now is that with mouse and keyboard controls you have little to no control over the speed of your movement in each of the stances (walking, crouching, prone).  If you have a controller and test the movement out on that, you'll notice with analog control you can move the stick varying amounts to control your speed and subsequently the amount of noise you make.  Considering how important it is to try and remain silent in a hunting game, this is a pretty big issue at the moment.  Either controller movement needs to have that disabled and rework the amount of noise each stance makes, or keyboard needs an keybinding to slow your pace to a level that makes minimal sound.- While I've had no crashes (Update: I have experienced my first crash, so this does seem to be a relevant issue for many players), I have had a performance bug which was causing framerate to drop significantly when I was tracking an animal's footprints a lot.  Having too many of these tracking markers will cause the framerate to drop after opening the map or looking at your Huntermate device.  It would fix itself by either putting away the Huntermate or if you killed the tracked animal and collected your trophy.- Semi annoying menu bug that doesn't let you back out of the menu with escape unless the mouse is hovering over one of the items on the side.- A few of the animals I've shot seemed like it should have been a clean kill, but they would somehow get away with just a minor wound and run off.  More often than not I found success with my shots though.- Animal AI was a bit wonky on at least one occasion with a fox that clearly should have been trying to run away, but instead was running circles around me like a friendly pet dog or something.  Perhaps it was being aggresive and trying to attack or something, but it seemed a bit bizarre with it essentially giving me an easy kill.- Right now it is limited to 12 different animals.  These do have variations to discover, but it would be nice to see some small game targets and birds as well.  I'm assuming we'll see this added down the line at some point when they add some of the planned free and paid DLC content.- The menus ui and control of them in general just feels like it needs a rework as they look and feel like a placeholder that has been in the game since an earlier state.  There are also some issues with the controls when managing your storage where it just seems to completely break when in that particular menu and you have to back out and open it back up to do anything."
,Not Recommended,518790,29974084,Posted: 16 February,all,George,"It still has some work to do such as fixing sounds, animations, and quest. Besides what there is to work on this game as of release is very slow in pace for to unlock new items requires alot of time and effortAfter some time as I have noticed that the mission reset was from my own doing, for i was using the ""start new game"" option to switch reserves instead of using the map option too. As for my previous comment, the sound issues I have with this game are with the animals, in which i have experianced animals using mating calls as warning calls as well as female animals using the sounds produced by their male counter parts (ie. does grunting). As for my comments on the animations, they are bugged for example animals have delayed or unreponsive reactions to being shot (especially at longer ranges) as well some anmation issues with the callers. Other wise this game is fairly decent but can still use some patching for a better experience."
76561198115503912,Not Recommended,518790,33177628,Posted: 3 July,all,WONG1215,"it's a open-world game, the map is hugeand guess what, they put one of the most important features, vehicles, into dlcunbelievableanyway, despite that nasty trick, the game is finebut if you really want to have it, please consider the prize of the dlcs too, they are no 'expansion' they are essentialunrecommended because i feel like being taunted by it==================the user interface does't react properly"
,Recommended,518790,30198755,Posted: 26 February,all,dask,it is good
,Not Recommended,518790,31515036,Posted: 2 May,all,mylo snow,"$4 for a tent? All that does is♥♥♥♥♥♥off the people who already own the game and deter people from buying it in the future. Poor decision, hope it's not the first of many"
76561198002079696,Not Recommended,518790,29967687,Posted: 16 February,all,Mads,"This could be a great game, there are just way to many bugs atm.The UI is horrible. Many buttons dont work. You can't exit to main menu. You have to close the game and launch it again.The whole system to buy new guns, and ammo is so poorly made. I really hope this and many other issues will be fixed. If the game becomes playable, I will make a new review"
,Not Recommended,518790,29967570,Posted: 16 February,all,Corban,"To start off with, this is an absolutely beautiful game. The environment is stunning and the texturing and animations for the animals are incredible. The sounds are amazing. They've definitely done an excellent job with creating a visually spectacular game. However, I don't want a hunting game that's just pretty to look at, and that's just about all this one is so far - pretty.It is essentially a very dumbed down version of theHunter: Classic. While they improved certain mechanics such as the tracking system - making it so you don't have to have the HunterMate in your hand in order to track animals - and a visual wind direction right on the compass, they drastically oversimplified others. Size/rack variations are practically non-existant from what I've seen thus far, small game other than coyote is present, but not able to be harvested, there's no trophy shots (although you can always just take a photo manually prior to harvest), skill progression is global rather than per-species, and is based on general XP gain rather than skill-specific XP, and many of the points of interest which say they grant skill/perk points do not actually do so.  Overall it feels like they've gone the way of a Cabela's game - going from a simulation heavy title to an very arcade-like experience.Hopefully a lot of those issues can be handled by an update. Until then, if you're looking for something close to theHunter: Classic, this simply isn't it."
,Not Recommended,518790,29969414,Posted: 16 February,all,HeroicLarvy,"Its a beautiful game, the graphics are stunning.  However, it has many problems.The bad:1 -The animal AI is pretty bad, they just kind of derp around until they see you or you shoot them. I literally got headbutted by a moose that didn't even see me, it was just running and I happened to be in its path.2 -The noise level your character makes is way to high by default, the only way you can move without spooking animals is to crawl prone, or mash the move button and take one step at a time.3 -Your character gets stuck on random things for no reason.4 -Theres no anti aliasing that I can find in the graphics.. like.. why?5 -There aren't tags, so its just kind of a ""wander around murdering animals"" simulator.  This is a plus for some people id imagine, but not for the hunting simulator croud.6 -Your character moves sooooooooo slow.  Like its really annoying.7 -The only way to get other equipment is to collect animals, and you need to kill like 50 deer to get a new rifle/scope/ect.8 -The skill tree is very poorly done.  Like one of the traits is ""See 15% less during fog"".  Like... what?  How is that a perk?9 -Theres a bunch of pointless♥♥♥♥♥♥on the map.  Like theres just random pillars out in the wilderness that give you ""lore"".10 -There isn't much for a tutorial in the game.. it pretty much just drops you into the world.11 -Bad frames when foliage gets really thick.The good:1 -The tracking system is very user friendly. Although not realistic.2 -The map is very good looking.3 -There are 2 zones you can hunt in, and both are very large.4 -Theres plenty of action.  This may not be good if you are looking for realism.Thoughts:This game defintely has potential, but in its current state it seems unfinished. Theres plenty of stuff to hunt if you are looking for an arcadey hunting game, that's multiplayer. But if you are in the market for a simulator, I'd skip this one for now.5/10"
,Recommended,518790,29977985,Posted: 16 February,all,Reaperis,"An absolutely stunning game in terms of graphics and even audio, just the sound of the wind gusting by or the stunning vistas, heavy rainfall and animal vocals makes this an immersive game set in nature.The map is enormous, the scale is just simply put insane, you can walk for hours and hours and it won't get repetitive as it feels like its several maps in one with the diversity each area brings.Not to mention the amazing grass effects, you could if you want track an animal by following the grass it flattened, and you can also see your own and other players their paths, ocassionally i also used this to get a clean prone shot where normally that wouldn't be possible due to the grass being in the way.But each game comes with its downsides and this game also has no shortage of those.The gamebreaking ones to me were:In Multiplayer only the host can unlock map objects, such as hunting stands / outposts (important one, they allow fast travel)Animals get stuck, from my 12 hour experience i would say i have seen 1 in 8 getting stuck, mostly on edges or rocks with bears being a big outlier as i have seen 1 in 4 of them getting stuck.The UI design is unintuitive, being unable to exit to menu and aspecially when it comes to loading ammo/scopes onto a weapon, it's also impossible to read some of the descriptions as the text moves offscreen, and in quite a few cases i saw what i can only describe as a alpha/beta-like placeholder text for some of the ammo/scopes.Some minor issues/bugs i had were:Some crashes when tabbing out and back into the game, i fixed this by adding the ""/Borderless"" in the steam launch options.Sometimes got a bug with my scope being off center forcing me to restart the game, the adjustment ontop of the scope itself became my crosshair, unequipping etc didn't fix it sadly.In Multiplayer when another player jumps its heard across the map, i suppose this might be an engine issue as it also happened in the previous hunter game with someone reloading.When you fatally hit an animal they sometimes do this weird freeze for up to 1 second and then start to ragdoll, i would love to see this changed / fixed so that you feel more feedback from the bullet impact and it kinda just looks awkward as it is currently.Animals don't spook enough from gunshots sometimes it feels asif they don't even hear the gunshot, i've been able to shoot up to 3 animals ocassionally before they even started getting spooked, i would like to see the range that animals get spooked by gunshots increased.Animals don't seem to interact with eachother, i would've hoped they would introduce something like this, i believe they added something similar to classic with the introduction of wolves so it would be nice if this could be added eventually.And finally theres just too many animals on Layton district, i would prefer it if they were a bit more rare or more easily spooked just recently i shot 5 bears within 10 minutes and before that about 3 within 4 minutes, one of which was stuck underneath a bridge, although Hirschfelden seems fine.It's also too easy to spot an animal by zooming in on where its call came from, it feels like its fine when you are scoped out and they callout as it covers a wide area but you can zoom in to get a pinpoint location on where it called out from, I'm not sure if thats by design or not but it makes it too easy, you can turn the call direction and other effects off in the settings, but it would be nice to have a middle groundI would still recommend the game to anyone remotely interested in the setting or who played the previous game, it does clearly have some bugs that makes you question why it was released so soon,But if they fix / change most of these issues, i can see this as one of the best games this year and i look forward to what content they might still bring out.All in all what is here is a gorgeous landscape filled with tons of animals to hunt, great gunplay mechanics such as bullet drop and organ hits, amazing graphics and audio, but also some of the worst UI i've seen in a while, and quite some bugs which hopefully get fixed soon."
76561197971154304,Not Recommended,518790,29994424,Posted: 17 February,all,Penthorian,"This would probably be a great game if not for the absurd amount of bugs/crashes, this title should be marked with ""Early Access""FYI: if you want to buy the game you SHOULD wait for more patches to come, this game is not in a finished state."
76561198271423967,Recommended,518790,31734529,Posted: 13 May,all,Pugin94,"Disregarding the new DLC that was released for the game, theHunter: Call of the Wild is actually a really fantastic game. The graphics are amazing, even on lowest settings. Gunplay is awesome, it is really satisfying to finally shoot down that deer you have been hunting for hours.The only issues I have come across were that sometimes, the animals would get stuck in a tree, or they would just randomly start sprinting in circles. This only happened to me on a multiplayer server, though. Singleplayer was overall, flawless."
,Not Recommended,518790,31525070,Posted: 3 May,all,WaddlesMcSqueezy,"Do not buy this game. An exact repeat of theHunter: Primal. Unfinished game with hundreds of release bugs still in the game. BUT BUY OUR $5.00 DLC THAT ALLOWS YOU TO MAKE FAST TRAVEL POINTS. Devs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Do not buy this game.Update: Was given a 10 Day ban on their forums on steam for giving my (Granted very aggressive) opinion on their latest DLC ""Response"" where they basically said ""♥♥♥♥ you guys, buy our DLC"". Bunch of ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s over there at Avalanche/EW."
,Not Recommended,518790,31531281,Posted: 3 May,all,Proxzor,"The Hunter has always been an awesome game, and to see the game come back as a non MMORPG riddles with microtransactions is good to see. Its a step in the right direction and it'll make me want to experience the first time I played the older Hunter. Unfortunately in its current state its too laggy, the game isn't optimized yet, the A.I. is all over the place and doesn't really give me the realistic experience I was hoping for. The graphics are also very poorly done, there is no proper anti aliasing and you have to try and somewhat get good graphics through alternative ways, if they work for you, and even then the game is still quite choppy. There is definitely potential in the game, but since the developers are more focused on making DLC rather than fixing the game, I am afraid that this game is just another money grab trying to cash in as much money as possible before they work on something else that is riddled with a ton of DLC/Microtransactions."
,Not Recommended,518790,31498927,Posted: 1 May,all,Hyden,"It is a good game-actually a great game! I love it, and playing with friends. The game is very playable and fun to play even with friends. Of course there are a ton of bugs and glitches, that's why it is a pre-release game. It is in early alpha development. THere isn't very much content, however I got 30 hours out of it. SO far. I expect a lot more content to come though, to make the game worth it. I honestly wish developers would stop making alpha games but it's whatever. Now they come oiut with a DLC!?! Seriously? that is rediculous. If the game isn't completed don't make a DLC. THis game was meant to not have a ton of DLCs. IF you buy a pre release/ unfinished game you shouldn't have to spend $30 (worht of DLCs) for the game developers to give you the other half of the game. Especially for such a pricey game like this! PLEASE READ DEVELOPERS! STOP ♥♥♥♥ING MAKING DLCs! NO ONE WANTS THEM! DONT BUY THE DLC OR GAME UNTIL THEY CHANGE THIS POLICY."
,Not Recommended,518790,30209832,Posted: 26 February,all,ritrik,animals don't behave as realistically as they do in previous games. gamebreaking
76561198034609806,Not Recommended,518790,33022306,Posted: 29 June,all,divad712,"tracking system sucks, if a deer turns around for a sec it can leave a 100%!! misleading track"
,Not Recommended,518790,30239268,Posted: 28 February,all,✪ Noure,"I am conflicted leaving this game a negative review. For what it is, the game is very beautiful and is very well detailed. When you first start it up you will be impressed with the surroundings and weapon graphics. The phone UI is a little whacky. In fact the UI in general is kind of weird.The AI is bad... really bad. When you first start, the game introduces you to tracking and killing an animal. This experience is pretty amazing. Then you go off doing ""quests"" and you realize that the open world AI is just flat out stupid. Animals walk into things. Deer literally keep coming back to the scene of the crime using the caller, until you murder their entire family. Getting into a hunting blind is cool... until literally everything becomes blind to you. I was calling for deer and a bear just walked up and stood there. Shot it in the neck for an instant kill and got a lot of XP.Sounds are amazing, for a while. You hear wind, walking through brush, rain, and trees all over along with the wildlife. But it gets repetitive and it can get really loud when you are trying to listen to things. When you hear the fog horn sound of a warning call, you will wake up the entire house with a feminine scream.All in all it's a cool game. But it is buggy and lacks real content. It's just a grind with a small variety of things to kill around you. I think this game could be amazing, and with some content and patches it probably will be, but for $30 I would just wait for a sale or some fixes. So my ""negative"" review is just one in waiting. I will pick this up again for sure when it goes on sale or a DLC comes out to fix and expand on things."
76561197972229966,Not Recommended,518790,29964531,Posted: 16 February,all,[HvK]Caecitas,"For fans of the subscription based classic, the new engine allows for a lot of previous shortcomings to be overcome. The draw distance has been extended and the vibrant environments are lovingly crafted and perfect to while the hours away in.However, a number of core features are sorely missing. The lack of an appropriate way to take photographs of trophies, no community wide competitions, and a lack of any trophy record keeping outside of raw statistics results in a game where every Buck is just a number.From the rushed and huddled menu design to missing fundamental features, this is a title with a lot of potential, but with a lot of confusing omissions."
,Not Recommended,518790,31791947,Posted: 16 May,all,Squib,"YOU HAVE TO BUY DLC TO PLAY AS AN ASIAN?!!?!?!?! This is racist.The graphics are beautiful but if you want to experience something this boring with nice graphics just go outside in the real world.Would not recommend, try Cabelas Pro Hunts, that is my favourite hunting game.Also the jumping is hilarious when viewed in multiplayer mode"
76561197983782857,Recommended,518790,29976946,Posted: 16 February,all,Nvi'Wraith,"*Editing review*2017-02-19Okay so ive been playing non-stop for the past days since release, i am now level 19.COTW still runs great and the bugs really dont bother me at all, but after playing so much, the flaws in the gameplay really become an apparent issue.Too many animals, they are everywhere almost all the time, very rarely do you go 30 mins without seeing an animal (usually see 2 about every 10 mins) which for a hunting sim is way too much.Warning calls are BS and should be taken out of the game. I feel like its the whole reason it seems like there is so much wildlife. you hear them EVERYWHERE! Yes you can turn the blips off but youre just putting yourself at a disadvantage doing so...No fun in that either.Tournies, truRAC and leaderboards need to be added ASAP if this game wants to survive aslong as TheHunter Classic has. Of course only after the major bugs are fixed!as of now this is my personal opinion rating, if you disagree dont feel afraid to comment.Gameplay 6/10Sorry its just to darn easy, tracking is useless, unless it shoot the animal you are aiming for and there is almost no bullet drop.Graphics 10/10Its ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous guys, seriously looks amazing, other then some muddy leave textures every once and a whileSound 9/10All the sounds are amazingly well done, Wind, rain and thunder all at once kills your ears and is way too loud. also rabbits OP!If youre a hardcore hunting fan just stick to classic unless you have money to burn, until they release patches.I am still reccommending the game, ive loved all my time in it so far! there are just a lot of gameplay issues!*release review* feb 14thCOTW imho should be at minimum labeled as ""Early Access""there are some annoying UI bugs, ive crashed twice over the span of 12 hours, which really isnt bad.Ive had almost no issues with the game, other especially with AMD have it bad i hear.The Hunter Call of the Wild is, is a lot of fun and well worth the 35$ for me. but its far from finished, right now there is no tournaments, and leaderboards which really makes hunting sort of meaningless unless youre in a MP server where you can see other players top score.for 35$ it has more than enough content for me until the patches (hopefully tournaments) start rolling in.Nice physics, great graphics, runs crazyyyy smooth, honestly feels like it runs smoother than classic version. and not a god damn cashcow like classic aswell. if you want more content, then play classic but its going to cost you a hell of a lot more than this game will. I can see call of the wild being amazing if they do everything correctly."
76561198315445582,Recommended,518790,33071030,Posted: 30 June,all,丶丶丶折纸,求开发商进一步优化好不好。。。卡的难受
76561198126094835,Not Recommended,518790,31557716,Posted: 5 May,all,justicebros,Not worth it my thought are as follows. Promo item suit of camo and a gun for buying membership to the hunter classic.... The 2 items can not be earned in this game by achiv system or any system. The 4 buck DLC a sign of things to come. It gives you a ground blind and fast trav tent. Both can only be placed if you are the maker aka host of game in a multiplayer game not very useful. It to can also not be earned in this game via achiv system. Multiplayer is like pointless it lets you chat with others thats about all it can do. You can't do missions or claim outposts in multiplayer so um yeah. Competitions in multiplayer give nothing at all... The game support is very lacking it might get 3 updates a month nothing as big or often as what the game it points you to via the promo items gets. The hunter classic get updated almost daily much better support as its funded by micro tranz a big money grab. If you have not heard about it be sure this game will point you that way. Thats my thought maybe it will change someday but as of right now not worth your time or money.
,Not Recommended,518790,31610654,Posted: 7 May,all,Lil'GoldenGoose,"I played the original ""TheHunter"" and paided lots of money to keep playing, when I saw this game was coming out I thought it was a great alternative. I thought it might not be as robust but at least I wont have to deal with a membership or micro transactions. When I got the game when It cam out it was buggy and lacking some key feartures from the orginal but the game was still playable and beautiful. But now that they are doing micro transactions for something I feel is a basic feature such as tents? I would not recommend this game now, especially since I can see the road its headed down now, I you you dont like the 2-3 gun selections you start off with in each variety, expect to pay lots of $$$ to get anything new that comes out down the road.....such a shame I had really high hopes for this."
,Recommended,518790,29996935,Posted: 17 February,all,Dr. Bloom,"As of this post I am level 15, 20+ hrs, Several Weapons and 100+ Animals down... Never played the OriginalFirst Impressions:I love it, great game, somewhat unfinished but everything these days is. A lot of people expect a finished game upon release which I find silly... Expectations of games in the modern day is insane, people think every game is a AAA title will hundreds of millions backing it. While the game isn't finished and many bugs are still out there it isn't game breaking and I have had no issues progressing. I had to adjust playstyle to accomodate bugs, mainly making too much sound while moving in any kind of stance (this includes the lower noise perks).I think give this game a little time and things will iron out, not all bugs are going to disappear but they will fix the major ones or at least I hope they do.Animals:The Animals are great, a huge range to shoot at and the bedding/feeding/drinking zones make finding a required animal a lot easier. The movement is pretty solid along with the animations of reactions to bullet fire or getting hit. I see a lot of people complaining about not being able to down a deer with the starter rifle and sorry to say but you are just a terrible shot. A heart or decent lung shot is going to drop a deer straight away if not a lung shot is going to have them run an extra 50m then die, anything else is just punishment for a terrible shot. Leading animals also appears to work well, more often then not I am able to get a 2nd or 3rd shot in before the animal is in cover or I have lost sight.Weapons:These are fine, I never played the original but having a background in FPS I am able to aim the rifle and hit my target at anything under 200m pretty easily. The 223 is a neat little fox hunting rifle which I have used on countless foxes including my 48,000,000 score kill (another bug). I have recently unlocked the 270 and it will drop pretty much any deer with a chest/shoulder shot. Progression on weapons is fine, its not too slow and definately not too fast. I would like to see more customization however this could happen in the future.Progression:Currently I am level 15 and it hasn't been a quick ride, having explored 80% of the map and killed over 100 animals it hasn't been easy. With that said I do like the progression, it isn't fast and I really have to work at it to get the unlocks I want. There is no quick level option in the game (that I know of) so doing what I am doing seems to be paying off in the long run. I also like how you have to progress with the weapon of choice, instead of just having a level requirement to shoot the best gun in the game. On that note by the time you unlock a better rifle you should be a better shot with rifles.Graphics:Amazing, running a 1070 makes this game look noice. Having played a few open world games now this does look amazing. From what I have heard from others this does look better then the original game which once again makes a lot of sense.Bugs:There is a few, a few really annoying ones which have turned away a few people I know.... That is fair enough and I respect that... However... Coming from Classic and expecting a polished game with the ability to just jump in and shoot whatever you want with whatever you want is not going to go down well.Overall:I would give it in its current state a 6/10 with the opportunity to hit 8/10 if the main bugs are fixed. I love how the game plays, how it looks and the progression. I love a challenge and having to really work for those quality kills, I will continue to play the game and looking to get some of those later unlocks.TL:DR- Overall great game for someone new to theHunter series, also for those looking for a hunter sim, different from Classic game, harder to bring those on Classic in current games state... Definately potential if bugs are corrected."
76561197999957615,Not Recommended,518790,31635439,Posted: 8 May,all,ScoLoki,"Disappointed. They are so used to an environment that everyone just accept what they got, just because there was a free game.Too many bugs on the launching day, and some of the bugs arnt got fixed still.You should never deliver such an unfinished game, ask for 40 dollars payment, and then ask payers to pay another 5 dollars for a tant(which should be a built in feature).I usally happy with most games, so if you got no bugs, or you do not ask 5 dollars for DLC, or even add your tent into the game and rise your price for 5 dollars, that will not get a thumb down from me.It's been three months and seems you are not shamed of what you have done.Three months of playing is enough experience to give it a thumb down."
,Not Recommended,518790,30238295,Posted: 28 February,all,Hope4X,GAME OF BUG
,Not Recommended,518790,30057023,Posted: 20 February,all,glxblt,"In short:While theHunter Classic could be called more of a hunting sim, Call of the Wild is an arcadey animal shooter, which was released utterly unfinished. Don't let the pretty landscapes and cheap(ish) price fool you; Avoid Call of the Wild like a plague until it's at least technically fixed and then hope they fire whoever whose idea this 'new direction' for the game was.Pros:+ Super pretty graphics+ No microtransactionsCons:- Unrealistic: Too many animals, which are near impossible to spook- Buggy: Encountered tons of glitches during 30min of gameplay- UnoptimizedMy experience:I loaded up the game and - after fiddling with the settings to make it run even semi-playably - decided to head out and find some game. Literally one minute after leaving the cottage I heard the warning call of a bear. I looked at the handy audio direction indicator and there the bear was, casually strolling at me. WTF?? I decided to take a shot at it. The bear reacted by taking a few running steps and then getting stuck on an invisible wall. I shot at it again, and again it took a few steps and stopped. This time it turned to face me head on and stare me with its big, quizzical eyes, as if it was hoping me to end its buggy virtual existence. I did.Now, in the original theHunter, running around and shooting your gun tended to have the side effect of making you unable to see a single hair of an animal for the next ~30 minutes. Not the case with this game, it seems! Just as I had finished slaughtering the poor Pooh, I SAW A BLACKTAIL DEER LOOKING AT ME, COMPLETELY PLACID. AND HEARD ANOTHER BEAR. What is this? Russian oligarch hunting simulator with tame animals tied down for you to shoot at on your private ranch?Thanks for turning the only somewhat respectable hunting simulator in the world into a dumbed-down shooting gallery for the Adderall generation. A bold move, I would say, as the niche appeal of the original game was the only thing keeping it afloat. Let's see how it pays off.EDIT: It is entirely possible the game was bugged and/or the game makes sure you see an animal the first time you play the missions. Or I just got extremely lucky. However, I wanted to keep my playtime short to keep my eligibility for the refund program, after seeing the glitches and framerate issues. I'm open to trying this game again at a later date - but at this time I cannot recommend it."
,Not Recommended,518790,31800544,Posted: 17 May,all,Jad1ne,"I really loved this game, best hunting game I've ever played.Now I'm 10 hours in and I have 0 tracking indicators or highlighted bodies making this game far to difficult to be fun for me. I've tried toggling the settings and restarting the game and nothing has changed.Fix this please. Like top priority."
76561198110667557,Not Recommended,518790,31787513,Posted: 16 May,all,Devid,R.I.P. My 30 euro
76561197977704937,Not Recommended,518790,31980294,Posted: 26 May,all,Fancy,"The game has much potential.  Graphically, it is great.  The two biggest issues that drove me away:1) Animal population density (i.e. too many animals in too small of an area) leading to a very small TBK (time between kills).  I get that people have short attention spans, but to me, hunting should involve more time spent calling in and stalking than this game presents.  You can currently bag 10+ animals in an hour of playing.  This drastically takes away from the immersion and reward of each kill.2) Bugged animals.  I don't expect perfection in any game these days.  But when 50% of the animals I track down run into each other, or get stuck on environmental obstacles (e.g. running endlessly into the side of a tree or mountain) this removes most of the reward in the hunt, and again, removes most all of the immersion.Properly fix those two issues and this would likely be one of the best hunting games ever made."
,Recommended,518790,30228974,Posted: 27 February,all,NaturalDisaster,"It's as step up from theHunter: Classic in some areas and a step back in others, however it's a good platform to build on like they did with Classic.Pros:- Updated graphics, some of the best scenery you will see in any game.- Hunting pressure, new mechanic to make it difficult to hunt in areas you've already hunted.- Improved animal behaviors. Animals will give warning calls, mating calls, and can be found in large heards.  There was also the addition of ""need zones"" that you can discover such as sleeping zones, drinking and feeding zones where you can find specific species at certain hours of the day.- Night hunting, with the help of a headlamp.- CoTW replaces a membership pay model of Classic with a RPG system that makes you gradually unlock new weapons and equipment through XP, also has a pretty neat skills/perks system that really adds some flavor to hunting.Cons:- Lacks the diversity of theHunter: Classic. Only 2 hunting reserves at the time of launch, a handful of weapons and a pretty small roster of game to hunt.- Scoring system seems wonky, not a huge fan of the ""consecutive harvests"" idea. The game awards senseless killing and not being patient and selective like it should be.- Small features like trophy shots and trophy galleries not available at this time. Guessing in the future? Not sure why something like this would be cut from the game.- Performance issues, some people complaining about crashes/bugs. Latest patch addressed some issues though.-  No mobile tree stands, or tents. You have to discover outposts around the map and use them to fast travel."
,Recommended,518790,30005458,Posted: 18 February,all,KiritoNOR,"The Game has potential, but in this state, its not ready for full release I would say.It needs a bit more work, and to fix some of the major issues:* The Menu UI has allot of problems, and crashes often, very difficult to use.* The game Only runs 60 FPS on 1080p.* Capped to 30 FPS on 1440p and 4K. :(* No option for any AA (Anti-aliasing)The feel of the Game is much like the previous Hunter Game, but now feels a bit warmer to the new players with the Tutorial in the beginning, and the added skill and leveling system.I will keep the game in my steam game library, and give the Devs some time to fix the major issues, and check back later."
76561198043592710,Recommended,518790,30221258,Posted: 27 February,all,NeThZOR,"Contrary to what my profile shows, I have more than 10 hours experience to back up my opinion of this game. I am not ashamed to admit that I bought this game today, and that I trialed it with an illegal copy of the game. Point is I've bought it now and at the time of writing this have tested it on version 1.11.I'm not even one to play many FPS games, let a alone an FPS game that simlulates hunting and as such requires you to be patient while moving veryyyyy slowly and cautiously so that you do not disturb your prey.  This is something new for me as a gamer who needs relatively paced gameplay with action at least every now and then. I was drawn in by this game's graphics presentation and this ultimately led me to try out the game. To my surprise, the gameplay also started to appeal to me after getting the hang of it and now I am convinced that this game deserves a try. If you like survival type games, rather come to this with a fresh perspective and you may enjoy theHunter for what it is and not for what it isn't. Also, there are several glitches that I have encountered but none were too detractive of the whole experience. My only gripe with this game so far is the inventory management system, which seems to bug out a lot depending on whether or not I am using KB/M or a controller at any given time. Devs, you have surpassed my expectations of this game, please fix these issues and more people will come to realise the potential of what you have made."
,Recommended,518790,30266561,Posted: 1 March,all,Romelio86,"I dont see how this game has ""mixed"" reviews. Its overall a good game and they are still patching it to improve it. I would definately recommend it to a friend and have!"
,Recommended,518790,30482977,Posted: 12 March,all,WardViking,"Haven't play much of it yet so not a really reliable review.The game looks and feels great as far as a hunting game goes. Compared to other hunting games that are all arcade point and shoot, this game is as close to real hunting that most gamers will get to. Having an open world where you can go wherever you want or shoot whatever you want is really all most people ask for in a hunting game.A few things I have noticed:-Deer dont seem to walk and act like deer, although they are still huntable.-The Sound effects are awful. Like minecraft sound awful. In a game where you are trying to sneak up on a deer, the slowest footstep I can manage sounds like Im kicking gravel down the driveway.A few things the game needs:-FISHING!!! The number of ponds and lakes that look perfect for fishing is immense. Add fishing to this game and why would I ever play another game?-More animals. Aside from basic deer, moose, elk and bear you can hunt foxes and coyotes. Also Buffalo. I noticed a distict lack of bird hunting. Ambient birds are loud and annoying and deserve to be shot.-Polish. The game is good, really good. but there are things here and there that need shining. If the devs are still updating we can only hope the game gets better.Don't let anyone talk you out of this game because of glitches or bugs or because it's hard to kill or track. Hunting isn't easy IRL."
,Recommended,518790,30215892,Posted: 27 February,all,Biadabs,"Feel like pro hunter!!This hunting game absolutely sandbox and open world. Though there are some mission to boost your xp and cash, you are not forced to do that. You can traveling around the map and kill as many animals. 90% of this game is tracing the animals track. Lurking at their ""needs"" area, hit them, and track them then get the trophy. Get the exp to obtain new skills and weapon perks. There are still many room for improvement in this game like, weapon type, tools and gadget. Hope the dev often release new equipment and map. 9/10 for hunting game. Best hunting game i've ever played.Pro :- Stunning Graphic, environment and sound- Animal AI overall is good- HUGE MapCons :- Still many minor bugs like suddenly slow motion (not fps drop)- Animal stuck at tree- Lack choice of Weapon and Equipment- slow weapon/equipment change. it takes 4-5 seconds to change from rifle to binocular (not a fps drop)"
76561198157694488,Recommended,518790,30214222,Posted: 26 February,all,vandam,"This is a amazing hunting game, it has very good graphics and sounds , its playability is very smooth , the map is so huge it seems endless , you start off with a low end bolt acition rifle which is meant for small game but it is possible too take large game down but you need a vital hit and a lil bit of tracking it down , but dont worry you can buy better weapons in time the game has ingame money that you earn from your kills , exsploring ,quest, selling certing stufff to a npc you may find on your journeys (note this on selling i havnt got to that point in the game but i heard that you can from a quest) and you allso get a reward by turning in historical artifact im thinking its pretty rare to find them i only found 1 myself , ok by doing all those things you gain XP so that you can lvl up your hunter you will get points to use for passive and your active tree perks.. im not saying this game is 100% prefect but to me it worth every penny for the amazing open world map ."
76561198026522851,Recommended,518790,30242851,Posted: 28 February,all,HaulAssing.TsP,"Quick review since I only owned the hunter for a day or so..Pros-Great graphics-Great sounds-Pretty Realistic hunting experience-Multiplayer with friends is quite fun-Decent price-Has Potential-Devs care about our comments and reviewsCons-Menu/Exiting or changing servers can be quite frustrating. Possibly just my menu bugging out-Some animals act very abnormally (Shoot a moose and it runs in circles at 60km/h)-Buggy animals such as.. after shooting a deer it stays standing and alive but it's really dead.. animals getting caught on trees while running and keep running in place.. Shooting something 10 times with the right caliber point blank but it just walks away as if nothing happened.So far that is what I have experienced, I don't regret buying the game but I feel that it was released a bit quick, I see it more as a beta with alot of potential. The bugs have not happened very often to me yet so i'll stay positive because I feel this game has much potential."
76561197968645350,Recommended,518790,30245988,Posted: 28 February,all,Luoti84 (Ps4 jos en vastaa),"Very good one, need ofcourse some work but i enjoying it so far..havent encountered any bugs or crashes yet and il been playing this 11 hours.i specially like that amazing calming music and athmosphere!Developers! i really hope you got strenght to bring this game far as possible!"
,Recommended,518790,30248534,Posted: 28 February,all,Meckilljoy,"Visually this game is amazing, there is a few hicups with menu glitching, map not loading as well with the phone. Sometimes have to restart the game because animas wouldnt appear anywhere. Game is still defiently playable and great!"
,Recommended,518790,30179107,Posted: 25 February,all,Luddish,"So i've not played that much yet, but i think i've played enough to give it a pretty fair review.The game is great, it takes everything from classic and improves upon it and removes those damned microtransactions.I had a blast playing and it was thrilling and very rewarding to track down a level 6 black bear... except for it wasn't and the bear was actually stuck in som foilage. The game is pretty buggy right now and when i finally found another black bear the UI glitched out and i couldn't get my rifle back after I had tried to switch to a new one.The devs really went all in with this game and it shows. The graphics are beautiful, the sounds are realistic and easy to distinguish from the ambience, and the voice acting is really good.Give this game a try and you wont get dissapointed. The devs will probably fix the current glitches soon, but even if they don't it's still a great game and you should try it."
,Recommended,518790,30186018,Posted: 25 February,all,Bloodbeard,"We know why you are here. Lets just get this out of the way right now. This has some of the most beautiful environments I've ever seen in a game. If you love the outdoors as much as I, then you where probably equally pained throughout the Elder Scroll's laughable attempts at wilderness. Skyrim's best just wasn't real enough for me. It all looked... unnatural, as if someone who had never been outdoors looked at pictures. The great outdoors got that name for a reason. This game understands. Freaking. Gorgeous. I play on Ultra with a measly 8gigs of Ram, GTX 970 and an i5 6400. It runs great. If the optimization is buggy, I havn't noticed.Next up, if you like hunting games, your options are fairly limited. The Hunter Classic, Cabela's Hunts, maybe Hunting Unlimited if you can stomach the ancient graphics and mechanics. Now The Hunter Classic is a favorite of mine, despite my low play time, it rocked. I'm currently getting into Bowhunting IRL, and when I play these types of games, I'm looking at Bows only. Make of that what you will.The Hunter Classic had a variety of weapons, animals, and reserves. In comparison CotW, is pretty underwhelming. TWO BOW TYPES!? WHAT IS THIS HERESY!? Not even a recurve, or a longbow, or more compound... just a beginner compound and a high end. A real shame, as I really like variety and the challenge that a recurve provides. Same with Shotguns, hope you weren't looking for a large variety here. Seems the devs liked rifles more, and it reflects in the quests, some require super long range shots... which rules out bows and shotties. You get a paltry two reserves.... but they are pretty dang massive. I'd say they are equal to ... the alaskan one from the Hunter Classic in size. Lots of little things to find, and things to do. Shed Hunting, Feed ground spotting, camp finding, dozens of quests, Animal variety is ... fairly small in comparison to the hunter classic. I don't think the game has Grizzly, Wolves, or some of the varieties of Elk and Deer. I also didn't notice ANY waterfowl, or turkey. Although the ambient animals are significantly improved. Lots more birds, rabbits, squirrels ( I think that's what it was.. scared the alcohol right out of me.)So what about the important stuff? The actual hunting? Its superb. When it works. The game seems to have alot more wildlife than the Hunter Classic, so you are in the thick of it pretty much every step. Hit that caller and watch a group of four just wander in. Its probably not realistic, but it gets you into the hunt much quicker. ...now if you don't have any experience with hunting games, you probably will make the mistake of thinking that the .243 you start with is somehow effective at hunting.You would be wrong.The .243 modeled in this game and the Hunter Classic is a pea-shooter, that probably shouldn't be allowed on Deer, I have no experience with .243 in real life, but if you don't make a perfect shot, expect that deer to run for quite a ways. Its a beginner gun, do not expect them to drop with one shot unless you hit the sweet spot behind the front legs kinda near the knee. God help you if you take pot shots at a bear... like I did. 4-6 shots to put down a charging bear is not pretty. You ideally want to upgrade pretty much immediately. Men use bows, as our anscestors did. Real Men use Recurves as god intended, but the developers are clearly not as concerned as I. Point is, the beginner rifle will give you a bad impression if you are new to hunting. Stick with it. ... then get a bow. ;) Nothin like taking that perfect bow shot up close, and watching that buck drop....oh and this might as well be a beta for how buggy it is. I have numerous screenshots in my 3 hours of play of animals getting stuck on vegetation. Really the only bug I've found. If an incredibly annoying one. You spook an animal it will sometimes just fly right into a bush or tree and get stuck. The Hunter Classic had some great bug fixing, so I'm hoping this gets fixed. We shall see. Oh and the tutorial is absolutely terrible. If you are new too hunting, please for the love of god youtube some videos. Animals are smart. You have to be to get them. Calls, Stalking, Tree Stands, and an incredible amount of patience apply here.FINAL VERDICT TOO LONG DIDN'T READ: Lack of weapons. Lack of Reserves. Fantastic game, gorgeous environments, pretty buggy, so unless you LOVE to hunt (Like me.) I would wait for a sale. That being said, I HIGHLY reccomend this game if you are into the hunt."
76561198122448935,Recommended,518790,30187956,Posted: 25 February,all,Brain,"Great game, devs have done an excellent job."
76561198294257674,Recommended,518790,30266155,Posted: 1 March,all,mcollins7373,great game
76561198054716862,Recommended,518790,30176406,Posted: 25 February,all,Nightcrow,"Allready a wonderfull game with great hunting and great views, but they need to work out some bugs, so if your into hunting this is the nr 1 in my opinion."
,Recommended,518790,30249784,Posted: 28 February,all,ApesUpt,"This game is for a niche, I did not really fit that role but the game itself is still good, it has good mechanics and is beautiful. I reccomend this game to anyone wanting a peaceful experience or that is big into hunting, but not if you are like me who like fps and more active games like strategy or action genre.Still, well made game, just not for me"
,Recommended,518790,30256414,Posted: 1 March,all,aramet,"This review is for solo play only, I haven't tried online play yet.The game feels like early access (particularly because of the UI being unresponsive at times) but it is in a highly playable state at the moment. I've spent 5 hours so far, and I've enjoyed the title. Other than the UI occaisonally taking two clicks instead of one I've only seen one bug, A deer was stuck in a tree trying to run away. Not exactly the end of the world, as you see similar pathing errors pop up in Bethesda games. The environment is very well rendered, effects like tall grass getting stomped down as you walk through a field were a nice touch. Probably one of the most relaxing games involving shooting I've ever played.Provided support and development continues, this is well worth picking up. Particularly if you enjoyed the original 'TheHunter' but were put off by microtransactions. Wait if you're worried about the title being dropped, otherwise give it a go.*Update 4/28/2017*Still leaning towards reccomending this game. I've been enjoying solo play, and bugs are being squashed over time.The first paid DLC was disappointing, (tents and ground blinds) only because those features seemed so basic that I would have expected them to be a core feature. It was priced fairly low for DLC, but I'm hoping this isn't a trend.Calling 'Tree stands and feeders' as the next DLC. Make me wrong devs, please."
,Recommended,518790,30198041,Posted: 26 February,all,mR. cLEAN,"I was an avid fan of The original Hunter even with microtransactions, so when I heard about this game I was super pumped. The game doesn't disappoint for $30, there is still a good bit of bugs and gameplay fixes to be made but it's definitely playable. The new trick for this game is to run around until you hear a call then then hit the deck, call for the animal (if you can't call that animal, crouch and crawl to the sound being very careful not to spook it). Also aim for the neck for any animal except foxes and coyotes (this sucks if you know anything about hunting and the bread basket rule). Also don't listen to any of the asses complaining about this game, they don't have a clue what they are talking about. They're just a bunch of whiny children who have to nit-pick every small error in a game that just came out."
,Recommended,518790,30121922,Posted: 23 February,all,Krzysiu Jarzyna,"Exaggerated negative reviews about crasches and bugsI have not experienced any problems, and the game seems to be at this time a much better option than endless subscriptions and pay items in the ""free"" version. Just a little small variety of weapons and species does not look optimistic and smells like some DLCs are coming."
76561198052837922,Not Recommended,518790,30110605,Posted: 22 February,all,ChloroCat,"This is perhaps one of the prettiest games I have ever played. That being said , it's got alot of kinks to work out.1) Some animals are complete morons. I call them and not only do they get close. They get close enough to touch and just stand there. Pretty easy to shoot a deer at 2 ft.2) Tracking is fun. But sometimes the deer path in such a way that actually trying to figure out were the deer is .. well is nearly impossible. Hopefully they will make it so you can erase tracks that you have already went over.3) Inventory and management of. It's a mess atm.4) Map. Why my game runs great until I pull up the map I'm not sure. But when I pull my map up it goes laggy. VERY laggy.AND 5 This is what brought my experince to a halt. For some reason now I can no longer reload my gun. FIRE my gun and do anything that requires me to use left mouse button. And my mouse is fine btw. Can't HUNT if I can't SHOOTHopefully they will patch  some fixes for this stuff. Some major and some minor. But I would advise maybe waiting for a bit until they fix stuff. But if you have the $30 to blow. Pick it up and look the amazing beauty they have made."
,Not Recommended,518790,31775411,Posted: 15 May,all,Tiger Perfect,Total waste of money! Crashes 20+ times in first time playing within 2Hrs - Where do I get support !!???d3d error 8: backbuffer creation failedWhat the hell ! All my other games play fine and all my drivers are updated. 1060 6gb nivda g force
76561198296287926,Not Recommended,518790,31409996,Posted: 27 April,all,stewart,Good game still loads of bugs. You should fix the bugs before making the addons to sale in the store. Me for one will not pay anymore money to this game intill the problems are fixed
,Not Recommended,518790,31789412,Posted: 16 May,all,Zurban,"I was excited to see a new DLC come out. Then i found out it costs money when they wanted to steer away from micro-transactions to unlock gameplay features. I never played the previous hunter because of the ""Pay 2 Play"" business model, a one time fee is what we all expected this time around but no... this is some greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
76561198406342874,Not Recommended,518790,33889315,Posted: 29 July,all,zrookd,"The animals are bugged, the tracking is bugged.  Play is clunky."
,Recommended,518790,33797946,Posted: 25 July,all,magnum_1973,"I've had this game for quite a bit now. It's certainly a transition from playing theHunter classic. The graphics are beautiful and you can certainly have fun hunting in this game, but it needs work.They say it's full release yet it's got a lot of bugs and glitches that need to be ironed out. Single player isn't that bad, but multiplayer I have issues daily.The shots don't always register where you hit an animal. You could literally be aiming for the lung area and get a flesh wound. It's annoying and sometimes it takes a few shots to bring an animal down. I guess I'm just used to playing theHunter so much and the shots hitting where they are supposed to.The isn't a trophy shot or trophy room feature. You can take screenshots of your animals and that's about it. No poses or the ability to move your animal around. It's disappointing.I also wish we had a system like truRACS and had more of a variety of antlers we could see including non typicals.Part of me wants to think that the developers are slow to fix things in this game because this game isn't full of micro transactions like theHunter classic is. I could be wrong. I hope they are caring about this game as they are with classic. This game has a lot of potential and I hope we aren't screwed over and left with a buggy game and two reserves.I hope they add more reserves, weapons, equipment, and a trophy shot/trophy room feature to this game. It's not going to have everything theHunter classic has, it's a different game I get it.I'm not going to make this review negative. It's a beautiful and fun game with a lot of potential. What I'm really saying is that I don't want this game to die out and become forgotten like theHunter primal. I hope they add more content and continue to improve the game. They are on vacation right now and a patch is coming sometime in August from what I understand. I can wait as long as it takes. Hopefully the bugs will be fixed in this game and we will see new content added in the future.Should you buy it? I took a chance and I bought it. Multiplayer is really buggy, yes. But these things will be fixed in time. I bought it so I could already have it. I read all of the updates and news on the game and I keep a lookout for new patches and updates hoping for some bug fixes. Avalanche and EW created one of my favorite games to play, theHunter. I enjoyed it despite the monthly subscription fee to hunt animals. It gave me hours of fun and relaxation and was something I could play with my friends. I have high hopes that they will make something of this game yet."
76561197972330672,Recommended,518790,29971607,Posted: 16 February,all,rb42,"I like it very much.For those who play theHunter, it lacks freelook, has a jump button and running and gunning will get you farther faster.  The AI pathfinding needs quite a bit of work and it can be a struggle going uphill at times.You can also jump off of the towers.  Needs jetpacks and raptors."
,Not Recommended,518790,30088322,Posted: 21 February,all,[OFTN] Hollesan,"i cannot recommend buying this game at this point.i am a hunter irl. i like hunting games.this game has the best graphics i have seen in a hunting game its amazing sounds and animals react very well but.i have met 5 animals that was running into rocks and they where not able to run around them i chould walk up to them and go around them, they where just running in the same place. ive got kicked off a cliff by the game. ive been killed by a bench at one of the look out's. the fall damage is messed up, you can fall 20 meters down without taking damage. there is way to many bugs in the game for me to recommend buying this game at its current state."
,Recommended,518790,30257704,Posted: 1 March,all,Tapaz.FlowRyan,"The most beautiful environment i've ever seen..NOTE: This is the only review i've written on steam since i've found no game really in need of it.I started playing the old hunter game as an escape with one of my friends and it was all right but this one is one of the best games i've played. It's so relaxing so stroll around without any competition tracking down your prey and then taking a well prepared shot. The two maps that are available are huge and has by far the most beautiful scenery and environment that i've ever seen. Walking around the huge maps really takes your mind of everything in life, add some calm music and i'm in total bliss. The sounds made for this game are amazing and it's so much so that you might for a second actually believe that you're in whatever forest or field that you're currently tracking prey in.The game is so calm, the only thing that disturbs the peace is your bullet leaving the muzzle.I found this game awesome to play with a friends and ganging up on some resting bear that just happens to get shot 5-10 times it's just friggin' hilarious and also brings time to talk about other stuff that might not even be related to the game.Now on to the bad parts, the game in single player for me is running flawlessly on my setup and i have no issues at all really except for some minor bugs that won't really affect the experience.On the other hand, multi player is riddled with small bugs that actually stack up, one of my friends game crashes all the time whilst mine doesn't and i have almost the same setup as him. The mission system doesn't work in multi player, menu's will click without any warning and i have accidentally kicked friends from the multi player game by accident because of this. If you're the host you can still locate landmarks/cabins and get the experience and lore from interacting with them, BUT your friends that are clients on the server can't which hinders the experience on their part since they can't progress in the game world when they play on your servers. But this isn't really a problem if you switch between host/client from time to time. You're usually not even concerned by this since you always get sidetracked by prey.I can wholeheartedly recommend this game for those with patience with some minor bugs. I would agree that this game should still be in a Beta stage. But it is so immersive that i'm glad that i can take part in it right now.If you're constantly annoyed by bugs and can't let go. Then this game might not be for you right now."
,Recommended,518790,35052954,Posted: 18 September,all,The Gary B,"I have been hunting (pun intended) for an open-world sandbox experience with single or multiplayer options. It's finally here on PC (out Oct 2nd for console). Having put in 70+ hours I am totally hooked. Lush, realistic wilderness emerses you in its freedom if movement. Spending your time stalking prey is genuinely immersive. Each animal exhibiting it's own behavioural patterns keeps you on your toes. Should I chose the .243 or the 7mm to take down the blacktail deer. Then, from behind DC you here the unmistakable growl of a black bear. Time to move..Already ordered for console to play with Xbox friends I can't wait to share this beautiful game. Great job Avalanche Studios and Expansive Worlds!"
76561198402119408,Recommended,518790,35067084,Posted: 19 September,all,javor.alex,"The best hunting simulation -- period.You'll need to adapt to a much slower pace than your typical video game. Not for the impatient.I have never seen a video game with such a realistic environment. Not even close. It is easy to see that a lot of time and love went into creating the stunningly beautiful reserves you'll be hunting in.If you have anattention span greater than a gnats, play this game."
76561198030916689,Not Recommended,518790,29979131,Posted: 16 February,all,nickweddup,"UpdateUnfortunatly after 4 patches and a few more hours in game i feel im done with it and back playing the ""classic"" version for realism. Although the devs have been pushing out plenty of patches most seem top be shifting goalposts. For example on one of the first patches they put the price of ammo up to a very very high (verging on un-affordable) amount, xp system was changed etc. So play a few more hours, stock up, next patch changes everything again. I expect bugs, but to of not spent some time atleast working this out before release is a bit daft if you ask me.The final nail in the coffin for me has been the completely pointless balistics system. Thos who followed the game before release were very much looking forward to a proper balistics/bullet drop system we were promised.  Since the developers believe we dont need a target to test this on before popping at deer etc. Its been nigh on impossible to see how the bullet drop actualy works on different guns. This is compltely in-humane/immoral of ANY hunter. Fair enough maybe they overlooked it but after patch number 4 they seem to of ""adjusted"" the balistics to make most guns worthless without a perk (which is also broken)The only thing the game has right now in my eyes is the scenery, the map is lovely but thats as far as it goes for me now.And be warned should you not agree with ther devs in the forum you will be banned from posting. It appears the devs are working hard to remove all negative truth from the web."
76561198048480767,Not Recommended,518790,33250807,Posted: 4 July,all,✪ MAJESTIC,"too many damn bugs, multiplayer never worked and I could never enjoy myself with my friends since we could never see eachother or see the same animals."
76561197971217600,Not Recommended,518790,31925120,Posted: 23 May,all,Quickset,"This game is beautiful if you can run it maxed. Sunlight after the rain. sparkles of light, god rays, perfect shadowing and realism in scenery.  I have some of my screenshots as desktop wallpapers.I played this game to level 24 or 25, (about half way) I uncovered most of the map, lodges, and sights.  I hunted and harvested every animal, with all types of weapons.In my opinion, the game is serverly hampered by oversensitive terrain obstacles, walking up a normal hill turns into a frustrating and time consuming maze often ending in an impass.  I would say that the animal mechanics and AI are fair, but unfortunately, they are vicitms of the landscape as well, often getting stuck by themselves or in little groups, allowing you to walk right up to them.In my opinion, the game needs work but has potential"
76561198045368971,Recommended,518790,35032562,Posted: 17 September,all,ItchyPossum,9.5
,Recommended,518790,30250769,Posted: 28 February,all,ZeroHour,Awesome hunting experience even with some of the current issues! I have played every hunting game in the last 20 years and this one is hands down the best. i7 2600k - GTX 980 - 16 GB - Win 10 64bit.
76561198062308906,Recommended,518790,30202012,Posted: 26 February,all,Blob On A Stick #PhilFish,"**DISCLAIMER** This is NOT going to be a serious, well structure review so if that is something you are looking for then you are better off scrolling on.Call of the wild is my first real hunter game I've gotten into, I dabbled in the free to play version but once you realise how much of a sting all the micro-transations are then it can be an instant turn off for loads of people, including myself. But then this beauty comes along, a one time payment, everything in the game is unlocked and available to use (Outside of the ingame currency earned) and there is room for DLC in the future. I really hope they don't take the mick with it though.Gameplay wise I find it very pleasing, tailing and calling in prey to be shot is really satisfying, especially if the kill is a beauty. Patience is a virtue in this game thats for sure.Graphically it is stunning, you can check my profile for some of the screen shots but this game really has some stunning moments in the game, all made available to capture through the ingame camera (for added feels). If it isn't the wildlife that grabs your attention it is the landscape!A few bugs I've noticed so far is sometimes the hitscan seems way off, I'll aim for the vital organs but when I claim the trophy ive shot right up the poop shaute.. Another is that the callers seem to bug and wont go off when used. I'm unsure if this is an audio thing or if it actually doesn't work in game when the item is used. Lastly I've had a really rare bug where I can't toggle to other eequipment. It isn't holdstered and the symbol in the bottom right will change but the character won't take out the respective equipment nor is it able to be used.Overall I love this game, and I am sure to have many more hours! As mentioned I just hope DLC isn't something that takes the mick over time.. Last thing steam needs is another Train Simulator DLC mockery!"
,Recommended,518790,30482039,Posted: 12 March,all,MuhGoober,"The gameplay is super fun and beautiful.  Unfortunately, this game has too many bugs to count.  For me, the bugs don't affect gameplay, but my friend has to completely restart his computer every time he wants to play for some reason.However, this game is much better than the first game (theHunter) that was almost 100% pay to win."
76561197980127332,Recommended,518790,30018110,Posted: 18 February,all,FishMcCray,"Pros:-Beautiful game-Large Reserves that are very immersive-Levelling and Story line-12 varied species with different ai-No subscription model-No micro transactions-30$ base game-Potential for may awesome expansionsCons-Poor menu layout throughout, the store is tough to navigate. When I first started I did not know how to jump between hunting reserves for example (Maybe explained later in the story i dont know)-The bugs. Runs smoothly on my pc but there are bugs and glitches have yet to have a crash- Horrid score sheet. Seeing the 3d skeleton is cool but there was something about those old Boone and Crocket score cards that was pretty freaking cool.-Lack of trophy shot system, This feature was so cool in the Hunter classic it would be awesome to have it back.-No real trophy room or way to revisit old hunts or show off to friends. The persistance of theHunter classic was kick♥♥♥♥♥Bottom line is the game has great potential depending on where EW takes it. Hopefully it doesnt turn into a Money pit like theHunter classic. Great value for 30$Top priorities for the devs.1. Bug Squashing2. Ui Tweaking3. Make the hunts mean something bring back score cards and trophy shots.4. Meaty Dlc/Expansions- I will have no problem spending 20$ to get a well thought out reserve with 5-6 animals and a few new weapons and itmes."
,Recommended,518790,30179637,Posted: 25 February,all,GuiguiBlitz,"A renewed version of the already great 'the Hunter 2012', with new gen graphics and NO MICROTRANSACTIONS.Great job.Best Hunting game i have played"
,Recommended,518790,30269659,Posted: 1 March,all,Lasagna,"This game is worth the $30 and it is a great improvement over the last game.Pros:-No microtransaction (everything can be unlocked relatively easily, to those saying it takes ages you just have to stop scaring away everything you are about to shoot, I've unlocked 2 new rifles in 10 hours of gameplay)-Beautiful graphics (the optimisation however isn't the best for example having too many points marked on the GPS can cause lag when the GPS is open)-Easily the most realistic hunting sim (weapon ballistics, correct hitboxes for each animal)-Multiplayer is very easy to setup and is p2p (just invite your friend to your game and they'll be able to join)-Very nice sounds-Very large map and nicely decoratedCons:-Animals sometimes stand in place (haven't encountered this since patch though)-Average optimisation-Some animals for example rabbits and birds can be killed but you cannot harvest their bodies-You make way more noise than you should (having a walk button that makes you slower and quiter could solve this)-Sometimes the tracks are pointing in the wrong direction-Bears attacking you is a bit glitchy-Some form of campaign/storyline which is nice however they're basically just quests to go do thingsThings you should know before buying:-Only 14 different weapons without around 2-3 ammo types for each-This is a very slow paced game so you'll probably find yourself getting frustrated if you're sprinting around looking for animals to shoot-Map is very large and there isn't any vehicles however when you claim an outpost you can fast travel between them-Your shots can ricochet off animals and you'll probably get mad and think it is a bug like I did the first time it happened-It helps to know how to hunt in real life-Knowing where to aim is key-Ballistic system-RPG like leveling up and skill system however they don't make much of a difference-High end system is probably needed-This game has controller supportSo yes I recommend this game at it's current price of $30 with no microtransactions"
76561198083060022,Not Recommended,518790,30727918,Posted: 25 March,all,Russell Murfee,"This game certainly has some strong qualities.Great graphics. Excellent lighting effects, weather effects etc.Really large map.Nice weapons and accessories.Tracking system is not overcomplicated.But it also has some weak qualities.No vehicles on a ridiculously large map. You have to walk everywhere. All of the time. It's so boring sometimes when you just want to go from point A to point B.The level progression is insanely slow, to the point where it can take days to get a new weapon.No way to pause the game, literally, none.You can't rest without paying the money you earned from hunting. That's the dumbest thing I've ever seen in a video game.In the current state I do not recommend this game. It is good for just relaxing instead of going fast paced like in most games, but other than that it needs some serious improvements in those areas.EDIT: Still giving it a go. I just went up a tower to survey the land, with the intent on finding the nearest hunting camp afterwards. Fell off the tower, now I have to walk nearly 2KM to get to the new camp. All because there are nowhere near enough fast travel points. This is the main problem with this game. I hope things get better because once a few of these issues are fixed this could be one of the best games ever."
,Not Recommended,518790,30197451,Posted: 26 February,all,Plokkum,"At its current state I can't recommend the game. I'll be waiting for updates and may change my review. Too many frustrating bugs are present in the release. Who knew you could instantly die from slowly walking into a boulder?UPDATE 1:Many, many bugs. Animals keep running in circles and get stuck behind objects. Finally scored that big game you wanted? Too bad, because we won't allow you to claim it. Love the sound of your rifle going off at that climatic moment? Too bad, because we won't play it. And so on and so on."
76561198014552029,Recommended,518790,30161017,Posted: 25 February,all,Fisher,This game is suprisingly fun it didnt seem like my kind of game but neither did horror and thats one of my fav genres I havent had many bugs besides one time where my items dissapeared besides that the game is real good!
,Recommended,518790,30233589,Posted: 27 February,all,Last Whisper,"After read so much evalutions and the developer replies, I decide to buy this game base on the actively developer communication.Most reviews had focused on the BUG and crashe problems so far, I hople that further updates could make this a  better game.Looking forward to edit my reply after hours of gaming time.------------------------------------------------------------------------------The first two hours of game: the first two animals I got was two female deers which was stick into trees and I walk to the in front of the deers and then aim, shoot.-----what a newbie treating!The third animal I got was a bear! I was little bit of scared of the first time hunting this big and wild beast! I aimed from 20M far, I was too afraid to get any closer. Left mouse cliking, I got her. Then the gaint wild beats stick into a rock and yet keep running away from my bloody gun. I walked into the bear slowly and give her more shoots-------what a newbie treating!------------------------------------------------------------------------------Keep looking forward to edit my reply aft more gaming time."
,Recommended,518790,30002902,Posted: 18 February,all,Ron Swanson,"Really good hunting game. Turning off all the hunting aids, e.g. glowing highlights, really helps with the sense of immersion. Fantastic graphics, sounds and gameplay. I am enjoying stalking animals and following the story.So far, after nearly 5 hours of play, I have had no crashes. I have encountered odd behaviour from the menu options though, but I was able to make the changes I wanted.I am glad I decided to buy this game, despite the reviews."
76561198030464296,Not Recommended,518790,31165246,Posted: 15 April,all,herbyhooper,"I tried for a total of 3 to 4 hours to get the game to run correctly on my PC but never could get it to run right. It ran very slow and jerky. It was actually unplayable. Now They won't give me a refund because ""I played the game for 4 hours"". That's what they said a few days ago when I first requested a refund. Now they are saying that ""they don't give refunds on games that have been owned for more than 14 days. What kind of #$%$#@^%$ is this? The game never ran right on my PC and I want a refund, simple as that. Don't make me get it by going to my bank card guarantee of product quality. I don't want to be chicken s... like them."
,Not Recommended,518790,31254667,Posted: 20 April,all,Tobby,"It's a 50%/50 in my opinion Good  for spending time due to the type of game. Good graphic, but could be so much more. Lacks proper gamification or simulation. I would recommend it if they add some more gameplay/animation and point system/ranking. Currently It is fun to hunt, but feels pointless. Just run untill you hear an enemie, sneak towards it and kill. Then kill 20 more and get a gun, rince and repeate. Max animal draw distance just hurts a game with so awesome landscape and grahics. Some bugs, but that is being sorted out activly. Please dev's, Give it a major gamification update and it's a gold mine and perhpas bullet time or something. If it was early acces I would recommend it, but atm I am afraid just bugfixes and DLC stuff is on the horizon, neither changing the core issues."
76561198078480418,Recommended,518790,30295614,Posted: 3 March,all,Silenthunder52,"After playing only about 10 hours worth of gameplay I believe what this dev team has done is WAY beyond any other hunting game has done in years. Everything from the evironment and animals to the weapons and (tracking / blind) hunting mechanics just feels so crisp and real. I loved my time hunting in real life and I don't believe there is a more accurate experience than this.But of course the only proplem with this game is the bugs, lots of bugs. But the Dev team is constantly in contact with their customers and are doing their absolute best to make this the best hunting game of the decade."
76561197999211073,Recommended,518790,30317389,Posted: 4 March,all,Crazy Horse,"I like it... Probably one of the most beautiful games I have ever seen. The landscapes are beautiful, and I really feel like I'm walking in a dense forest or an open field. And the rush of getting that perfect look on the animal and placing the round right where it needs to be is just amazing. The game is like a rollercoaster, at first you are bored and kinda tired of tracking things down and then BAM! Huge buck outta no where and you slam him down to the ground and 20hrs go by lol. But.. sadly it has its issues.. Lots of bugs, sometimes the textures don't blend right (I noticed the road hovers above the ground a touch) and things don't make sense like the soft rounds saying they do more pentration but its supposed to be the polymer rounds. Yea.. there is a lot of stuff that I could say bad, but I won't. Cause this game is good, but it feels like a good solid foundation. I hope and pray the devs give this game lots of love... and keep patching and adding to it for a long time. Cause if they do, this will be the greatest hunting game of all time. Please, please keep showing love this game and support the community and I promise the community will show the love right back."
,Recommended,518790,30130907,Posted: 23 February,all,Zey,"From the short period that ive played this game i can see there is afew things they need to fix such as animal AI, ie getting suck in trees ect the UI needs some work, but other than that i played multiplayer with my friend for about 4 hours and we only had one crash when i started a mission, graphics and sound are beautiful id recommend this to any fan of the classic version, looking forward to more updates!"
76561198078510610,Recommended,518790,30272592,Posted: 1 March,all,Noris_P_Keita,"Good PointActually, I like this game. Enjoyning everyday,Walk around the field searching aminals to hunt.Bad Pointfast travel function is limited.only can move camp to camp.Map is big, sometimes I feel tired to walk to hunting position.If fast travel to watch tower is available will be more better."
76561198078879522,Not Recommended,518790,30325767,Posted: 4 March,all,Dirty Deagle,"If this was in early access you could excuse about 90% of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but how you charge full price and call this a ""finished"" product is beyond me. Wait a few months until they actually fix the game. 2 weeks after release and still no button to exit to the main menu. Laughable"
,Recommended,518790,30264914,Posted: 1 March,all,Badger,Great game so far. There are a few bugs but they are pretty minor. Very addictive and time consuming :P
76561198013225554,Not Recommended,518790,31535703,Posted: 3 May,all,Chris,"Ive played the classice for years and love it.I love the game its very beautiful animals included.If this had everything the classic had Id easily pay 70 bucks for it.one problem I have is everything seems to be in slo-motion mode,its terribly slow even reloading.Walking is ok crouch is so painfully I cant stand even being in it.Another it has no ties to classic.So all the things I have in classic bought and earned I dont have access too whic should have been one of the first things they didIt has huge potenal but I doubt itll ever be as good as classic"
76561198161686724,Recommended,518790,30001126,Posted: 17 February,all,Kill Yourself,"This game has met all my expectations and a little more even, yea it has bugs but the devs are working on fixes around the clock. first ill start off with the pros.PROS- Sound quality is extremly detailed and some of the best ive heard in any outdoor/hunting game (sounds just like real life imo)- The graphics are really good compared to classic- The environments and animals are incredibly detailed and super realistic- Animations look as life like as if you were actually watching a real deer- AI is decent although it could be better (for example the animals call way to often and ocasionally walk into trees and get stuck)- The missions are fun and keep you wanting to play more of them- The reserves are absolutely massive and it would definitly take a long time to have explored every inch of hunting area- One time purchase with no micro transactions whatsoever (A big improvement over TheHunter classic)- Leveling seems balanced although if you dont play some of the missions it will take significantly longer to progress- the animals act in the ways they would in real life (for example the elk are found commonly in herds of 15+ and stick together when traveling, the animals react to getting shot very realisticly too)CONS-The frame rate is a little low compared to what my pc should be getting ( i have a gtx 970, 3.5ghz 8 core processor, 16gb ram, 750 watt power supply and i get 50-80 fps on high)- It takes way too long to unlock new guns/equipment ( ive played 16 hours since release and ive only unlocked 1 new rifle after 80+ kills)-Their isnt as much veriety in antler variation as i would like (compared to classic atleast)- Its too easy to find large trophys, it should be more difficult to find the bigger trophys and smaller ones should be more common but instead its the other way around in this game- There are quite a bit of bugs as of now but they are putting out patches every day so its not a huge problemOver all i really have enjoyed the game and i would definitly recommend it to anyone who likes hunting or just wants a beautiful looking game to play. Sure its not perfect but its definitly worth the 29.99 and the devs are working hard on improving the game and are actually listening to the feedback they are getting. Cant wait to see what the future hold for this game!!!"
,Recommended,518790,30292228,Posted: 3 March,all,𝓕𝓲𝓼𝓱,"Makes one recall the time spent playing Deer Hunter 2004 in their childhood.Didn't really like the previous theHunter games as they were free but required microtransactions for anything to be accomplished, but thankfully there isn't a single one in this game. Everything is earned in the gameplay itself, which is bloody marvellous.Another plus one such as myself appreciates greatly is the single-player (there is an option for multiplayer), which as the name would suggest doesn't require internet to play. It's great for us Australians stuck with less than 50kb/s internet on peak. The story on campaign is fairly neat too, thus far.For the price it's currently at (AUD$40), I'd consider it worth it. If it's on sale, I'd highly reccommend grabbing it. Consider the game for it's graphics alone if hunting isn't your thing."
,Recommended,518790,30008694,Posted: 18 February,all,Caffeinated Rabbit,"+10 hours since release and im enjoying the game so far. I havent tried the multiplayer yet so this is going to be mostly a single player focused review.For starters the game launched pretty sloppy for many, including my self, and many of the issues are still prevelent such as graphical glitches, crashes, and AI issues, sound issues. Since launch the game has felt like a unpolished beta rushed to meet a release deadline.The game over all plays pretty well for those who are a fan of The Hunter and already know what to expect. For new comers to the series It might be the only start to The Hunter they can enjoy since Classic has more of a F2P/P2W business model behind it and isnt very welcoming to new players since they are locked out of 95% of the great content in the game. If you are new to the series i would recommend picking this game up over playing classic first, if you are not a new commer to the The Hunter you might find this game a tad bit lacking in terms of equipment and features (dogs, tents, stands, tripods, scents, callers, birds, ducks, geese, blinds) so it wont fill those voids if you've enjoyed +100 hours with those features in your hunts.The game offers two reserves to hunt on and a wide array of equipment to use and animals to track and spot, Every animnal you harvest is awarded with XP and cash based on the difficulty of the animal, the weapon used and the shot placement and whether or not the animal died instantly or bled out over time. New features to the game are the new stealth mechanic, sight and sound now play an important factor as well as smell, the noob friendly meters on the HUD will show you how visible or how noisy you are in the environment, i found that the controller utilized these features better than traditional K/M. Progression in The Hunter is very different from other games and very time consuming, and given the unpredictiblity of many animals the game does not reward simple tasks and you will find yourself grinding or side tracked many times. A few new features to the game are ""need zones"", areas where animals migrate or congregate based on there needs at that specific time of day. NIght time hunting is also a new feature, hunting at night is alot more challenging than during the day you will find yourself wandering the game world following tracks since animals are usually quieter during the night. The new features in CofW are refreshing and a good reason to pick the game up if you like simulation or hunting games. Over all the core elements play well.The game ran fine on a single Zotac GTX 980 on ultra for the most part with a Gsync display and Vsync turned on for many hours on end so its not a very demanding game if youve still got an older gen card in your machine. I have yet to test the game in SLi but for the most part it runs well without SLi.In review, The Hunter CotW is essentialy a bare bones experience of The hunter classic with an updated game engine and graphics and some unique gameplay features. I can see this game being polished and packaged really well in the future with a handful of updates and DLCs but for now you will only be getting a fraction of what The Hunter Classic has to offer currently.Graphics: 8/10Gameplay:7/10Features:7/10Content:6/10Over all: 7/10A solid game for sim lovers and hunters alike."
,Recommended,518790,30036446,Posted: 19 February,all,[A-53] BenWatki,"Great game, realistic and runs smoothly on 4k Resolution not had any in game bugs as of yet, few minor ones on the menus but nothing a patch wont fix, Graphics are amazing, one of the best Hunting games to date reminds me of the Deer hunter 2005 10/10Will keep this up to date."
76561197971448335,Recommended,518790,30085939,Posted: 21 February,all,Spoddu,"+graphichs great+nice atmosphere+not get any crashes or bugs-way too easy to track and find a animals (compare to hunter classic)hunting areas are full of them feels like arcade gamejust stand on basecamp and you can shoot bears and deers,coyotes.. lol..."
76561198144405814,Not Recommended,518790,30520279,Posted: 14 March,all,jdaniel3257,"I really enjoy this game, unfortunately every time i open it, it crashes. was fun for the first few hours."
76561198169429159,Recommended,518790,30086342,Posted: 21 February,all,Repent,"Me and the family decided to take a camping trip but after buying this, I told my wife to take a friend. Btw ppl stop being so lazy, the whole point in hunting is it takes time like fishing, you can't just run through the forest hoping to spot one, take it easy walk slow watch your sounds.  Only bugs I've noticed are when pulling up the map, sometimes you get big letters but it fixes fast and I have seen 1 deer get stuck on a rock. Over all this is best tracking and hunting experience in a game so far."
,Not Recommended,518790,33102954,Posted: 1 July,all,Guillo,"Great Visual, Almost feels like you are there but the game is way too difficult. I was expecting the game to be a notch up of the cabela's series but im really dissapointed. This game is more like a walking simulator than anything else. Very hard to spot the game and you feel like you are running around in circle trying to find a target. This game need more tweaking. Simply not worth the price..."
76561198120104595,Recommended,518790,30237357,Posted: 28 February,all,Marino,best hunting game ever...
,Not Recommended,518790,29969708,Posted: 16 February,all,Solid_Alexei,"Wow what an utter disappointment! The game was over-hyped and obviously rushed out in incomplete state. Numerous game breaking bugs and constant crashes everywhere! No matter how good it looks this is actually a downgrade from The Hunter Classic in terms of hunting experience. The Hunter CotW feels arcadey at best. no Trophy shots or display of any sort. Antler system is non-existant meaning you have dozens of deer clones running around, getting stuck in mid air...What an utter fail of a game launch. Out there with Arkham Knight dissaster for me!Refunding until the game is fixed!"
,Not Recommended,518790,31398704,Posted: 27 April,all,AceOfSpades,"There needs to be a ""MEH"" catagory to the rating.Graphics ok, but some ""glitches"".Sound is ok but some ""glitches""AI is well not really ok, but improving.Basically if you are into playing this in single player and you don't mind animals all looking identical within a species. Then I would recondmend it as it is an ok hunting platform at the price point and with additional DLC's (see below) buying the ones you like, I would then recommend this game.If you want to play this game with friends I would advise you and friends get the hunter ""classic"" MP game with a year subscription. You will be VASTLY happier in what you can do MP wise with creating hunts ect than what you can do currently in this title. And I don't think they are intent on making the MP of this game better or more like thier ""classic"" title.DLC's and the future: As just noted, I don't think they intend to improve the MP aspect of this game much. At least nowhere near what they should and no where near the ""classic"" version of this game.Other than that , expect a plethora of .99 to 4.99 DLC content. They started with the tent/blind DLC and it will go on. Birds, other animals , more weapons will all be added and it looks like at a piecemeal price point (items sold individually) which is good for those that want to pick and choose what they hunt and hunt with. But I am sure there are folks who will want and may get bundles.Since I bought this specifically to play MP and my grading is two different grades I have to go with my MP score/reason. And just cannot recommend this title."
76561198072748811,Not Recommended,518790,31469524,Posted: 30 April,all,EL RAIDISH,"So, let me just stated the game is fun. I truly enjoy it. However, the multiplayer is a sham. You can join a friends game and watch them kill animals. You cannot hunt with friends as it says. You can ""assist"" (as the devs say) in tracking their animal. So in multiplayer you simply watch someone else kill animals. The animals are not visible to people who join the multiplayer server. To top all of this off the original hunter game went under due to the large amount of DLC you had to purchase to simply enjoy the game. The original idea is that the new team would charge the players a flat rate of 30$ and would not provide paid dlc. All dlc was to be included with the 30$ purchase. So long story short, is the game fun? Yes absolutley if youi want to play single player. Are the devs a group of lying douches? Absolutely. This will not be the first dlc pack they drop and charge for and it will not be the last. DO NOT buy this game please read this review and learn from my miostakes."
,Recommended,518790,34928491,Posted: 13 September,all,=LXN= IceGT,"Nice scenery, also there are some deer you have to shoot or something like that"
76561198105145990,Recommended,518790,34954735,Posted: 14 September,all,Unique Clone,"First off I would like to say this is a great game. The graphics are some of the best out there, and gameplay is amazing.However, if you would like to own all of the game, get out your wallet because the 30 dollars this game costs isn't what you will pay. With the announcemenet of the new map, I became very disappointed. I already bought the game, why can't I enjoy all of what it has to offer without paying for DLC? The reason I paid for this game is because I wanted to experince all of its content, now and in the future. But, because they are making you PAY for updates in DLC, I cannot. The reason theHunter Classic has such bad reviews is because of its annoying microtransactions, and limiting meberships. They are slowly falling down the same slippery slope as theHunter Classic did.To the devs, if you are reading. Don't continue to charge your fan base for updates. I understand, its hard to make a profit as a game studio, but is it worth turning your audience away? Is it worth angering the people that make your game and your studio a success? You know how to boost your Steam SEO -- by getting good reviews. If you want good reviews you will have to make your audience happy. That means stop charging for content that should be part of the game itself.Final Thoughts:Great game, even better graphics. However, the devs are fallilng down the same slippery slope as Rockstar did. Look at GTA's reviews and you will know what I'm talking about."
,Recommended,518790,34674805,Posted: 1 September,all,Evilcraft,Pros:Beautiful GraphicsFunKilling animalsNot $60Cons:DLC ATV to get around quickerCan't eat the animalsLimited animal speciesOverall if you enjoy hunting this game is fun. If you like to walk in the woods and just take in the scenery this is for you!Some bugs but devs keep plugging away at it. I wish some missions were not next to impossible. Bow hunting Coyote and Fox is challenging as hell and truely rewording once you call that dog into range.
,Recommended,518790,34914376,Posted: 12 September,all,CoreOG,"anytime anyday fun by yourself and really fun with friends and its challenging as well but not too hard. If you think you want this game but arent sure completely sure get it, get a feel for it and trust me youll enjoy this really chill game and the variety of animals and terrains its got to offer up. If anything you can simply refund it but its definately worth a shot"
,Recommended,518790,30150367,Posted: 24 February,all,Randy Lahey,I reall enjoy this game after 17 hours i have seen a lot of this gamePros:1)Beatiful graphics but it gets weird from far away2)Animals are very realistic3)The landscape is great ive just walked around for hours4)Guns and weapons are look and feel amazing5)there going to be adding more than the massive game currently!6)No microtransactions7)Very immersive gameplayCons:1)most of the time you take no damage from falling sometimes you do its very weird2)Animal do bug out sometimes not a lot though3)After hiking 2 hours in real life to an outpost i jumped and died for no reason4)Sometimes when i log in i cannot look down my scope the game bugs and i have to restart a couple times before my scope works5) every once and a while it wont let me use anything ill have my gun in my hand and all of a sudden poof i cant use anything in my tool bar.Btw i hate the red fox! why wont you trust my calls! DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
76561198044858929,Recommended,518790,35051245,Posted: 18 September,all,SirCrezzy,"I wasn't sure about putting out a review for this game just yet as I haven't got a HUGE amount of hours in the game, however i feel due to the long time I put into Thehunter Classic I feel that my currently amount of time has given me enough insight to be able to give a full, proper review of this game. I am however going to keep this short as super long reviews aren't my fortae unless i'm getting paid for it.Well what can I say about this game. It's very realistic. This is to say its realistic coming from the eyes and ears of someone who has never hunted IRL. The game feel and looks and sounds exactly how the wild actually sounds. The wind blowing through the trees, the chirping of distant birds, the dripping of rain during a storm, and of course the echoing shout of a gunshot and the thrilling thud of a deer hitting the floor. All the sounds make me feel like I really am in the German wilderness.The graphics are extremely beautiful. I have taken more screenshots of nothingness in this game than I will of interesting things happening in other games. You will be walking along, minding your own business when all of a sudden a vista framed in trees calls to you. It begs you to take a picture. It makes you feel as though you truly have stumbles upon a sight that no one has ever seen before. It is as thrilling as the hunt.The gameplay is not perfect at this time. Sometimes when you are tracking the calls of a Roe Deer, you hear the thumping of hooves only to turn around and see a majestic creature running continuously into a tree only to take 4 point blank shots with a .243 rifle with soft point bullets and still run. The bugs are here but are getting less and less apparent as time goes on.Oh dear... this has already gone on too long. My poor little fingers are aching and if I type one more paragraph someone is going to have to give me lots of money. I will however say this, the game in my opinon is fantastic and a great improvement over the classic. Get this game and stop reading (assuming you havent already stopped....I would have)"
76561198040839025,Recommended,518790,35035250,Posted: 17 September,all,Soez,"this game is super relaxing to me, bow hunting in the head of night. very beautiful game. worth the money imo"
,Recommended,518790,30051361,Posted: 19 February,all,Dr. Duck,"I figured I would write a review solely base upon the mixed ratings.- This game definitely has it's bugs, but none of them have been absolutely game-breaking.- Expansive Worlds has made a step in the right, non-greedy direction.- You'll want a fairly beefy computer, but performance isn't as bad as some people make it out to be. (I'm getting 60 FPS on average, with the occasional drop to 50. Specs on my Profile)- Graphics are seriously phenominal. The game really looks like the screenshots. I haven't played a game of such large scale that manages to accomplish as much detail as this game.- Some story-mode/quest missions available that give the game a little more direction and challenge.If you want the game, I would recommend it. Some of the negative reviews seem a little harsh.Edit - Expansive Worlds just released DLC. The game still needs work, such as bugfixing, and their focus seems to be in the wrong place. I hope they aren't turning money-hungry again."
76561198020616488,Not Recommended,518790,30694348,Posted: 23 March,all,Smokes,Taste like prune juice
,Recommended,518790,29998073,Posted: 17 February,all,Shinku,"I noticed some people mentioned the game runs bad, 4k doesn't work etc etc.So I quickly loaded up the game, with a 1080gtx All settings ultra, 4k resolution I get around 40-50fps.It runs pretty much like the other theHunter game, but feels like it looks much better."
,Recommended,518790,29976593,Posted: 16 February,all,Compressed bread,"Tere are a ton of negative reviews, but I think some people should know this:1. The game just came out, so use common sense and know there is going to be bugs instead of spending your money thinking its perfect.2. Im sure they will update the game so people should stop complaining about no competitions or trophy shot system. Just be patient.3. The game looks great atm4. It IS playable, just some bugs here and there, but it is somewhat arcade style atm. Im sure this is subject to change later on.5. Have a good PC. It's not always the games fault that it crashes as soon as you join. For the short time I have been playing I have had no crashes because I have a decent PC."
,Not Recommended,518790,29992631,Posted: 17 February,all,frozen pizza tier list: part 1,"This should have been an easy recommendation. A lighter, better looking, more polished version of a great hunting game I've been enjoying for years. At first it seemed that's exactly what it was, but further playing revealed that the stealth system is totally busted, making it nearly impossible to stalk something using a keyboard. Prone movement on totally open grass should not be scaring deer into running off when they're over 100 meters away. Making as slow of movements as you can, avoiding foliage even, should not cause you to make the maximum amount of noise possible. Yet this is exactly what happens, all the time.If this problem is fixed, I'd love to revisit the game, but as it is now, it's just fundamentally broken."
,Recommended,518790,30069953,Posted: 20 February,all,mattyg234,"First off, to explain why I recommend this game:If you have been waiting for a hunting game to relive the old times like back in Deer Hunter 2005, this may just be it. However, if you are invested in theHunter Classic and have played that, you may want to stick with that for a while.As many have said, this game feels like a Beta title. The bugs are there, and while I haven't had anything game-breaking, they are still there.First, this game is beautiful. Just walking around, taking in the sights is a great experience that I find extremely relaxing.But, I have a few small gripes with the game in my playtime so far. For one, I feel like the animal AI is strange. The deer move at such a rapid pace, and trot around way more often than I believe is realistic. Even in the Hunter classic the deer were more docile and seemed to behave more realistic than this. I feel like tracking a deer is extremely difficult if not impossible. Granted, it should not be easy, but I feel like they just move too fast for you to effectively keep up.The noise mechanic is a nice feature of this game. However, I feel that the player character moves way too fast and makes too much noise. Sure, you must be careful and walk slowly, but I feel that crouch-walking the entire time is just not realistic/feasible. In real life, I can walk more carefully and tread lightly when needed. I know there are perks that can reduce walking noise, but it makes it hard to even kill anything and get to level up to get those skills. And then, since you have to crouch walk, you either cannot see the animals you are searching for, or you cannot keep up with a trail as the deer are moving away.I'm not saying we need slow moving, deaf zombie deer, but I think it still needs a little work.Now, I still recommend this game. I'm not a Hunter Classic player myself, but seeing how the devs have stuck with that game for so long gives me hope that they plan for this one to be around for a while too. I know tHuner Classic's subscription model might have been why they stuck with it for so long, so we will have to see. I do still have hope that they will fix this game and make it much better. The Hunter Classic 7 years ago would be laughable compared to what it is today. Let's hope they apply that work ethic to this title as well.If you're looking for a solid hunting game, that you can pay once for and get a full game, then I think this is your game... Once all of the wrinkles have been ironed out. But, if you're like me and just can't wait to jump in and scratch that hunting itch, then go for it!I will update this review as time goes on to see how well the devs keep up and fix the game, hopefully making it better!"
76561198256691183,Not Recommended,518790,30742060,Posted: 25 March,all,MagMortalix,"I was super pumped to play this game, but....When I launched it I knew something was off.  The game seemed fine and had a decent frame rate on high settings.  I started to play and could barely move.  The game was running well, but the character would not move fast.  All the animals were moving at normal speed as well, making tracking and finding animals nearly impossible.  Because the game involves so much travel, I decided to ask for a refund because my character moved to slowly to properly enjoy the game.I have checked online, and this appears to be a common problem.Also, I watched many youtubers play the game before deciding to buy.  They moved MUCH faster and the game looked like tons of fun.If the devs can fix this problem, I would happily play it again.  The hunting itself was great, but after this glitch gets fixed, it could easily be a 4 star game."
76561198202609034,Not Recommended,518790,31106807,Posted: 12 April,all,NetikZz,not worth £29.99 i feel i have over payed i would recomend if it was £9.99
76561198174197238,Not Recommended,518790,31034469,Posted: 9 April,all,IamTinfor2,I cant start the game.It has killed my hype for the game but i really like it.If someone can help me that would be grate
,Not Recommended,518790,33028166,Posted: 30 June,all,Aobe | Fordsie,If you're not fond of walking for ages to do stuff then this isnt the game for you. I didn't enjoy it :\
76561198087997778,Not Recommended,518790,29970532,Posted: 16 February,all,DOWNLOAD,"This has been on my wish list for a while... Sadly ive been let down.Controls are clunky, UI it Clunky...it just doesnt feel right."
,Not Recommended,518790,32656024,Posted: 22 June,all,Princess Leia,movement is slow. the scopes have more sway than a flag. animals can take headshots like its nothing. i wish i had not bought the game. the animals often glitch and get stuck as well.
,Not Recommended,518790,32784718,Posted: 25 June,all,Hannibal,"In my opinion, this game was so horrible compared to the original theHunter that I requested a refund for it and the DLC I purchased with it during Steam's 2017 summer sale after only playing it a little over an hour. This felt more like sight-seeing, tearing it up on an ATV (that takes damage hitting small brush... LOL) and poaching (unlimited free-for-all every session) in national parks or something than hunting. Night hunting? Didn't try it, but how pathetic and un-sportsman-like. The developers of this game could learn a thing or two about hunting simulation from their own theHunter Classic and from older hunting game titles like the Deer Hunter series.On a side note;I saw other reviewers complaining about paid DLC, I actually wasn't bothered by this concept. I'd rather one time payments for added content in a hunting game like this than the way it worked in classic theHunter with micro-transactions galore that became practically useless once your subscription was up.All in all what I was hoping is that basically this would be like theHunter Classic with DLC replacing the micro-transactions and subscription fees. It is probably pointless to hope for anything better from a company willing to milk every penny they can out of people who want to virtual hunt. These people need good ol' healthy competition, their monopoly on hunting simulation has grown old. Even Cabela's half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shooter style arcade run and gun titles whoop this game. 0/10 for another failure of a hunting simulation."
76561198149272710,Recommended,518790,30158181,Posted: 24 February,all,Hyperion_60,"I play with an xbox controller. It helps because you can control your walk speed.There are a few bugs (like the phone screen disappearing).Overall, this is a fun game. It FEELS like nature.Edit: This game needs more ""fast travel"" points."
,Recommended,518790,32951766,Posted: 28 June,all,Nightcrawler,Like hunting irl but without sweaty balls and having to deal with the carcass and emotional pain of killing an innocent animal.
,Not Recommended,518790,32541721,Posted: 18 June,all,kaasstengels,The game is already a bit expensive and it's pretty boring. I open my download log and see that TheHunter is being updated. Nice 4x4 quads! It eliminates a lot of traveling time. Open up the game. It requires a DLC. BIG MINUS guys. If the game is boring already make it better in stead of making it better when you pay 4$ more. I don't like this kind of rip offs. Also there are gamebreaking bugs. I can't load my bullets in my weapon (I know how it works).
,Not Recommended,518790,29969806,Posted: 16 February,all,Lucky 7,"I played the game for about 90 minutes before requesting a refund ( I was 30 minutes under the time so im glad)Here's a few things I noticed .I was getting about 45 fps on ultra so thats fine .The game is soo blurry , I had a hardtime seeing anything .Every single call I heard was a ""Warning Call"" F*** You would think I was getting murdered in these woods with all the animals hearing me .Some reason one of my calls disapeared .I have a decent set of headphones and I know the direction of sound but apperently if a sound only appears in my left ear its infont of me ?My gun went quiet while shooting ? Smoke came out of my gun and the bear f***ing ran so ?Shot the bear but no blood ?Please .. Fix this game so I can murder deers and buy the game again ."
76561198045176654,Not Recommended,518790,29965165,Posted: 16 February,all,xDeSpAtChx,95% of all aspects of this game is broken do not spend money on this trash!!!!
76561198082198462,Recommended,518790,30483827,Posted: 12 March,all,KnightSolaire,"I think this game is good, if you are not patient I probably wouldn't recommended this game or hunting... but I think this game is great and the graphics are amazing! I see there are a couple of bugs (Main thing is that I noticed is the blood trails and tracks can be weird at sometimes) but if the developers fix everything and add more animals, locations and guns it will be the best hunting game made on pc by far. Another thing is that I feel like there should be atvs or some faster way to transport and adding like a hardcore mode where u have to eat and stuff would be pretty cool, as well as fishing!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30196356,Posted: 26 February,all,Kredns,"I couldn't finish the 3 quest in the main quest. The game is very buggy. This game has the potential to be a great game, but there needs to be patches done ASAP."
76561198249201608,Recommended,518790,33019706,Posted: 29 June,all,StoogeForce,"Love it!!!it is a grreat game the effects are AMAZING I cant wait until the devs add more guns and animals to the game!If anybody is looking for a realistic hunter sim this is the game JUST for you.Although,it does require a ton of patience to play and some people will get bored very quickly.great game Im so glad i bought this if u want it QUICK it is 30% of right now GREAT GAME!!!!"
76561198009284481,Not Recommended,518790,31577360,Posted: 6 May,all,Jellycopter,"Some times starts, most of the time it just crashes on start up."
76561198261992239,Not Recommended,518790,31608530,Posted: 7 May,all,Chao,the game is full of unfixed bugs. the Mission is boring to play.
76561198038638203,Not Recommended,518790,31910286,Posted: 22 May,all,Mookie,"The game is fun however the cons are highly outweighing the pro's to purchasing this game. The company seems to ignore the community even with the most obvious of bugs, glitches and gripes about the game the community is simply brushed aside it seems as the devs seem to have tunnel vision, set  on DLC. Which in turn  adding such DLC  just adds to the bug list or game breaking features. Overall the game adds a whole new level of frustration when trying to play multiplayer, everything seems even more broken or simply just doesn't work. This game feels like it should still be in Early Access not a finished game, this product has clearly been a rushed project which has the same feel and possibly same fate at The Hunter Primal. Huge potential.. terrible execution!!!"
76561197975179338,Recommended,518790,30438248,Posted: 10 March,all,Tango And Cash,Great game that shows the most realistic yet approach to how hunting really works.
,Recommended,518790,30157918,Posted: 24 February,all,POL33TMAN,Been playing for a few hours without any bugs yet. This game has amazing atmosphere and beautiful sound! Really enjoying it so far!
76561198137222172,Not Recommended,518790,33034394,Posted: 30 June,all,沼泽驴 - mummie - silver 1,"graphics are good, sounds are good but gameplay is dog♥♥♥♥♥♥ tracking system is meh over all 3/10. wouldnt buy at price should be around $10 for the game as it is."
76561198194466075,Recommended,518790,33039905,Posted: 30 June,all,ツCODINCLES™,Ive Played 6 hours and my save has been wiped 4 times realy frustrating.But its a realy fun all the wepons look great haven't got any yet. the game has lot of potential.
,Not Recommended,518790,32453289,Posted: 15 June,all,Oblivion Gun,"This game started out real great, devs informed everyone it wouldnt be a pay 2 win game, They lied !  if you want a tent buy the DLC, If you want a vehicle so you're not spending endless hours walking around the map, Buy the DLC.. As you see the Devs will get thier gains from DLC, which is still Pay 2 Win!!!!. What a shame, game has awesome graphics and grat fps on my machine."
,Not Recommended,518790,29999921,Posted: 17 February,all,HAR_Sabre,"This game has potential, but typical of an Expensive Worlds release, it's chock full of bugs. The hit detection is just awful.  Shots that would be kill shots in real life are flesh wounds in this game.  What is really frustrating is the misleading ""free gun and gillie suit"" promotion.  If you have both theHunter classic and theHunter: Call of the Wild, you don't get the gun and gillie suit for free, you get the opportunity to buy them.  Yes, you buy them with in-game money, but it takes a long time to earn enough to buy them.  As of right now, I can't recommend this game, and I wish I wouldn't have bought it.  Maybe after a few patches, and some more patches to kill the bugs they introduce with those patches, it will be playable, but right now, I'd stay away.*EDIT*  And now they're disguising microtransactions as DLC!  They told us ""Pay once, enjoy all the features of the game!""   Bunch of greedy liars..."
76561198153422329,Not Recommended,518790,30106421,Posted: 22 February,all,Erlandsson,The game freezes all the time so I have to restart my computer:(
,Recommended,518790,30260288,Posted: 1 March,all,modified001,NOW WITH NO MICROTRANSACTIONS
,Not Recommended,518790,32525424,Posted: 17 June,all,Torq,"Buggy, unrealistic. It was however kinda fun for a while, but they never improved on it. The final straw was when they finally added an ATV to quickly get around the map, but then it turns out you gotta pay 5 bucks for it. BUYER BEWARE"
76561197996588884,Not Recommended,518790,29997864,Posted: 17 February,all,hostage67,"I've been watching this game since it went into Beta. The graphics look great, but the developers just fall short on the basics...- 3440x1440 has message boxes showing up off screen. Only the edges can be seen, while all of the text and general data is offscreen. Making it much harder to tell what is going on in game. Wide screen and custom resolutions are just basic functionality that should simply work on ANY PC game. If you don't support custom or at least standard resolutions, then you can't really call yourself a PC game in my opinion.- Going prone on an incline causes a graphical glitch allowing you to see through the world. How did this ever make it through both QA and Beta? This is another bug dealing with basic functinality. How do you produce a game that allows for prone and crawling and never once notice the clipping? Either that or they were simply too incompetent to fix it, neither of which is a good sign.- AI got stuck in the water. Two deer were walking in the water and just got stuck on nothing. While this bug is a little more forgivable given that these types of bugs generally require very specific locations/actions, on top of other basic functionality it all just points to Devs who either don't care about the quality of the game, or who are too incompetent to ensure the quality of the game. In either case I do not recommend buying it, though I will say it looks beautiful when it isn't glitching out."
,Not Recommended,518790,30026672,Posted: 18 February,all,another shit call of duty game,"This game isn't complete, you will not find enjoyment with the game in it's current state."
,Recommended,518790,30188234,Posted: 25 February,all,Moose,"Shot a fallow deer 5 times, tracked it for over 1 real time hour, game crashed before I found it. 10/10 too much waterEDIT:TL;DR - Enjoyable, feels like a beta but very pretty with an iffy interface, less of a hunting game and more an animal shooting game. Bows are OP. No microtransactions.After putting more time into this, I feel I can write a proper and serious review. At the time of writing, this game functions like beta. That said, despite being riddled with bugs and occasional crashes (though your mileage may vary on bugginess) this game is a graphically superb and worthy sibling to theHunter Classic, and I don't regret my purchase. My only major complaint is that they somehow managed to be less realistic in this game than Classic with both the general feel of the game and with animal behaviors - I feel I can describe it best in the way that Diablo 3 is not a dungeon crawler like D2, but a very large loot run. Similarly, you are placed in the vast reserve (and I do mean vast, the maps are colossal) with free reign over a never-ending hunt. It doesn't feel like hunting to me, it feels like animal shooting. Veterans of theHunter Classic (or even other hunting games, I suppose) might understand better than someone fresh to the genre.Animals, particularly female deer, are still dumb as walking rocks with the added bonus of sometimes running you over on accident in their zeal to be the first to stand as close to you as possible. Bright side? They don't seem to magnetize toward you anymore - they go where the call was and stick around the immediate area. You're free to sprint like a madman with (seemingly) little consequence. In fact, it seems rewarding by the warning calls provided by animals, alerting you to their rough location. Just crouch and spam your callers. Move toward them for increased efficiency. Animals also seem to be very nonchalant about gunfire, even within ranges where they would probably reasonably hear it. They also seem to not mind returning to the same area where you butchered several herd members already. That said - the hunting pressure system seems to mostly work. Animals outside the group (if there was one) you killed from are very unlikely to enter the area when attracted to calls or scents. They do, on occasion, wander through to get somewhere else, though.So far, weapons handle reasonably well and have satisfying sounds and animations, though I personally find the kick-up of recoil to sometimes be laughably extreme as an avid hunter in real life. The .243 is not as woefully pathetic as in Classic, and will absolutely do the work you need it to (until you can get the .270. Get it.). However, I recommend polymer tip bullets when available. They are a pleasant step up from the standard soft points, but certainly not a critical upgrade. Bows, however, seem grossly overpowered at the moment. Flesh wounds will have deer bleeding out in times comparable to decent rifle shots.The interface is a bit cumbersome and lacks information (e.g. current weapon scores outside of the shop, experience until next level, return to main menu button) that I would like to have access to, although this is more of a personal gripe than a point against the game. Most of the nitpicky issues I have with menus and interface are personal beyond being unrefined. The map also has the tendency to find itself focused on anywhere except where you are when opened.If I sound harsh on this game, it's not because these are glaring faults that should dissuade you from buying. This is a good game for the state it's in, but realize that it does have issues. I can recommend this to veterans of Classic that want a more streamlined and immediate hunting experience without fussing through menus and launchers or simply want to support Avalanche and Expansive Worlds. It's more of theHunter, what can I say? If you're on the fence or new to this series, perhaps stick with Classic until this game is fleshed out more."
76561198034457388,Not Recommended,518790,30019657,Posted: 18 February,all,FoXRuN,"Well lets start with specs.MSi Z97 Gaming 5 MoboG.SKILL Ripjaws X Series 16GBIntel Core i7 4790K Devil's CanyonCooler Master Hyper 212 HSFUFSP Group Aurum Gold 750wMSi GTX 960 Gaming 4G (x2) in Sli2x 250gb Samsung Evo 850 SSD - Raid 01x 500gb Samsung Evo 850 - StorageWindows 10 OSWith my current PC setup I have 0 issues with running on ultra 1440p as far as graphics are concerned.The game itself is beautiful and very detailed.  I can't say that I have seen a hunting game with better graphics.  The inital tutorial (If you use it)  was very straight forward and gives you good information in regards to gameplay.  Full controller support is a + but I didnt see any tutorial telling you how to better learn the controls if using a gamepad.  I opted for mouse and keys after discovering how clunky the controls felt on the 360 controller.Played the game and streamed it for a good 7 hours solid on launch day.  During the time playing I noticed more flaws then animals.  The deer seemed to be more responsive to calls then in classic.  They will literally run up withing 10m of you just to immediatly spook and run away.  So keep your eyes peeled for that and make sure you dont call them in when they are slowly heading your direction or they may just run right to you.Huntermate bug.  Having the huntermate in your hand and then pressing H to hide equipment swapping around then pressing Tab to bring up the huntermate actually brings up what looks like the face of an otterbax that your phone has fallen out of!   Whats this?!  Sure you can Tab around and get it back easily but hmmm.People with a poor quality internet connection, or beloew requirement PC can still play.  But be aware that you will Croush, Walk, and Run at least 10x slower then anyone else in game and you will rubberband around and have glitchy player animations.  I whitnessed all of this while playing with a friend that I am going to build a new PC for.I unlocked the bow!   YES! now that I've earned 10,000 and change I am going to buy the bow and some arrows and give that a shot.    Supprise Supprise....  I have EXPLODING arrows?!   While luring in an animal there I was.... Tucked under a tree for better cover and got my doe lured in at around 15m away.   I draw my bow and wait for her to turn.   Booom!  I fired my arrow to notice a flash and a giant puff of smoke come off the deer I shot.   Realistic?!  Hardly.While in a game and checking out the menu I noticed there is NO way of going back to home screen.  You simply have to Alt+F4 or you have to X out of the game and restart if you wish you start a new hunt or go from singleplayer to multiplayer.There are no micro-transactions in-game and I feel this is a good thing!  I feel that with how they marketed the game you should have to work for your gear which in turn will make it more enjoyable.  Simply being able to hop in and buy the guns you want, and anything you need with a micro-transaction seems to bring out the boredom and fast.I think in total having TheHunter (Classic) since 2011 and putting in over 300 hours on steam and well over 400 hours with the launcher from the site.  If you are looking into a new hunting game and have not tried TheHunter (Classic) then that is the game I would go for.There are many other glitches and bugs I have not mentioned in this post for Call of the Wild but believe me when I tell you they are there.  Expansive Worlds released this game too early and didn't spend the quality time required from a dev team to iron out majority of the glitches and bugs you are bound to discover if you download this game.Sure you are going to have bugs in a game. But for it not to be announced as early-access or beta.  There are too many in this game for it to be launched as a complete title.TheHunter (Classic) also has a vast array of species for you to hunt.  There are only 2 reserves and limited species to hunt on Call of the Wild as of yet.I'll leave the decision making to you the gamers, but if I had to choose now after only being 7 hours in.  This game needs some serious work.  Oh.... and waterfoul hunting.  ;)-FoX"
,Recommended,518790,31927120,Posted: 23 May,all,HouseNoodleSoup,"I was initially blown away by the graphics and level of detail in this whole game.  Then I started to have complaints (like animals freezing after being shot, taking damage from a harvest).After coming back a month later, the whole experience has been improved.  My old complaints are invalid now and besides a few problems with controller support (as of writing this, changing items with the d-pad and going prone are only done from a standing position; i.e., if crouching, trying to go prone or switching items makes you stand)."
,Not Recommended,518790,29960639,Posted: 16 February,all,Wafloon,"I was excited for this game, but it has been a huge let down.Reasons to not buy this game/delay your purchase until patches are released:- Terrible optimization (I have a powerful PC, even on the lowest settings it isn't great. I currently use a R9 390 so Gameworks is suspected to be the issue, no surprise there)- Game breaking bugs (spawning outside of the map, spawning under the map, being stuck on the world screen)- Buggy menus (half the time menu category buttons do nothing when clicked)- Broken sound (any items I use including the rifle make no sound at all, even when the world ambience is working fine)- Clunky animations (e.g. when reloading the right arm of the player model has a muscle spasm)I'm sure after a few updates these issues will be resolved, but releasing a product in a state like this shows that the Avalanche hasn't given Expansive enough time to release a functional game. Will update this review when the game has improved."
76561198112310246,Not Recommended,518790,31053666,Posted: 9 April,all,Magic,"While I would reccomend this game for the hunting enthusiast, I would caution casual or fast-paced gamers from playing. This game requires A LOT of time and effort to get anything done. Movement is slow, the game is quite demanding on moderate systems, and kills are very few and far between. Just today, I have spent almost four full hours of playing the game and have only managed to kill one deer. Yes, the game looks amazing and is very realistic, but it is certianly not something that the ""average gamer"" would enjoy. Where other games have long hours of grinding, where you're at least doing SOMETHING, this game has you walking (at an extremely slow pace to keep the animals from getting scared off) for hours on end with little-to-no signs of life for most of that time.While I commend the developers for making a challenging and realistic game, I would advise them to put options into the game to increase the spawn rate of animals in single player worlds and on multiplayer servers. To spend so much time in the game and get little out of it is not something that people enjoy. The game isn't difficult, it just discourages people playing it because of how little actually happens in the game."
,Not Recommended,518790,30020295,Posted: 18 February,all,RX-W3eD,Had to refund this..... Lazy developers this stuff needs to stop ask for money for a broken game.  Looks great has potential but we'll see what they do maybe i'll be back.
76561197960560029,Not Recommended,518790,33227056,Posted: 4 July,all,Scott,I would have bought the game if it weren't for the dlc that should already be in the game.  Next they'll add bird hunting for $4.99.
,Not Recommended,518790,29988915,Posted: 17 February,all,rhace0,"first and for most.. all the bug that were in closed beta still here they sent out a link for people to sign up to join in an talk with the devs and who ever got in for the testing of it must have not play or test anything since the same beta bug are still here.. and for everyone saying this is realistic your full of♥♥♥♥♥♥i dont know about you but shooting a moose with a .243 is not realistic.. if i had a choice to set a price on this game $10 max so dont wast your money..*UPDATE*you have known of many problems with the game since closed beta and never fixed them.. wonder why the game isnt in as ""Early Access""??? and im sure you would not have all this hate from your dedicated players... we would see EA on it and say wow ok at least we know they are still working on it and should exspect bugs sure no prob.... but no you release a game that has the same bugs in it from closed beta... and now we have to wait for the community ONCE AGAIN to Fix YOUR F*K* up sneak should have been PRIORITIZED with the first patch... and your ask why is so many people mad at this game.... But im not mad knowing your track record with thehunter classic i knew from day one when i launched the game and it crashed with in 3sec of sitting on the main menue this is going to be a long road ahead of your customers an i can see why so many people asked for a refund.... EW has tied there own Nuse i just hope they dont pull the lever as well... game has a great potential... so i hope that EW can pull it off soon so we can still have good times in the game"
76561198180748426,Not Recommended,518790,32379407,Posted: 12 June,all,Haiiro-Kitsune,I had high hopes for this game but seems like there making a action base hunter not a simulator... i suggest u take out the tag for it an throw in fast food gaming.Look at all the DLC not one thing makes the game in depth just smaller or superficial. Tent n atv makes travels faster n make outpost useless therefore making the map smaller) bow is a reskin of the 1st one n different faces which u cant see cause u cant take photos of go into 3rd person.Another game where the market team is in charge n the programmers n little yes men.
76561198202593378,Not Recommended,518790,30375875,Posted: 7 March,all,Leovac03,"this game is not recomanded, it's FULL of bugs and seems to be a beta version!structures are blinking, animals bugged, weapons bugged, shooting is very imprecise, birds are flying oddly.Please fix all these bugs asap, as they are very annoying!best regards."
,Not Recommended,518790,32558963,Posted: 18 June,all,Alex,same microtransactions while still trying to charge for the game itself
76561197989741567,Not Recommended,518790,31164591,Posted: 15 April,all,bb,"SO MANY BUGS, i literally will kill a moose (takes ages) and before i get to the body to collect i crash, of course, my bullets are still consumed (THEY ARE EXPENSIVE) but i wont be able to collect because the body is gone. just lost profit on a kill that took me an hour to come across. one bug for a thumbs down you say? no, this my friend, HAPPENED 6 TIMES, IN A ♥♥♥♥ING ROW."
76561198033975150,Not Recommended,518790,30020854,Posted: 18 February,all,mpsteidle,"I really wanted to like this game, but I can't justify $30 for it.  Put that money towards the original ""theHunter"", you'll get 5 times the experience."
76561197974873553,Not Recommended,518790,34347150,Posted: 19 August,all,KIARodge,"It is a fun enough hunting game, I do prefer it to the original game.My negative review is based on it having a problem with saved game corruption following a game/PC crash. This is not the kind of game that you want to reset your character ever, so my 50+ hours ingame are just gone.In my case, since I do not feel the urge to log back in and grind up to the unlocked weapons I just lost - it's the end of the game for me. I leave this as a warning for others to figure out a way to backup your saves often, or face the same frustration as I have."
76561198019518111,Not Recommended,518790,32269855,Posted: 8 June,all,Meowschwitz,"Game breaking bugs make this otherwise fun and REALLY stunning looking game unplayable. The fact however, that they care more about releasing a DLC which only includes a DAMN TENT for 5€ makes the future of this game look uncertain."
76561198088409659,Recommended,518790,30526603,Posted: 15 March,all,bonscott,"lovely game,only missing something like a vehicle to get around the vast area's.wonder what the future updates might bring.9/10 in my personal opinion."
76561198028569139,Recommended,518790,30522679,Posted: 15 March,all,kura,"Visuals and sounds is theHunter: Call of the Wilds strongest sides, which contribute to the fact that the game actually feels like a proper hunting simulator. If your looking for that, before you continue reading, buy it. The minor bugs which remain in the game will not ruin the experience.But as a game it lacks in several aspects. When they released the game they had high requirements on weapon scores to be able to unlock the next (usually a more powerful) weapon, which gave you something to work towards. The weapon score demanded the player to carefully consider the shots you take in order to be able to score the highest possible. Unfortunately, two weeks in the requirements were removed as the community demanded it which essentially ruined the experience as a game for me, as I enjoy working towards a goal in the game."
76561198168689417,Recommended,518790,30132241,Posted: 23 February,all,Greatmate8,The is the most visually amazing game lately although there are some game breaking bugs like animals getting stuck in rocks and sticks on the ground. Im giving this game a thumbs up because it looks great and because the developers seems to be working hard with fixing the bugs and glitches. The game has only been out for a few weeks now so I guess you can't complain.
,Not Recommended,518790,30657644,Posted: 21 March,all,Anime is gay,"Multiplayer dosent have any feutures from single player,  all u can do is shoot animals and get money. So when ur ammo runs out u have to go back to single player to get ammo. And there is no return to menu option. So if u want to switch from multi to single or the other way around u have to restart the game."
,Recommended,518790,30268298,Posted: 1 March,all,TheRealMcCoy,"So after 18 hours of play time I decided to review the game.From a hunters tsand point its is a game and is not 100% accurate. For a game hunting sim it is fun. Each reserves offers its own unique area and hunting.The rewards for killing dont seem fair based on what you can kill.There are some bugs with animals and wepons but nothing to major I have seen besides a animal getting stuck on a rock.I have shot and killed most of the animals with the starting weapon and poly rounds. (Bears,Deer,Elk,Moose,Coyotes.)I have not killed any bores or bisson yet with it. Grnated i have to do alot more tracking on bigger animals but hey its the fun part."
,Recommended,518790,30307912,Posted: 3 March,all,KillerWaffl,"Been playing for a minute now and have noticed a couple things that bug me, first in multi player everyone can hear the bleet call as if they where using it when they dont have it out. it only takes one person to clear out a entire session. also when using some calls i notice where the clip for the audio begins and ends. this is only when im using headphones. but lastly the acuracy on some weapons is extrememly poor mostly the bow butt some rifles included. also i wish i had better audio mixing setting for example being about to turn down the volume for some things like the calls and the gunshots. but not effect ambiemt noises when doing so. more settings in general would be nice. also their is currently at the time of this post a bug that effects your scope and makes you relog when it happens in order to fix it.all in all this game is like a 6 out of 10. i really enjoy it but the little things irritate the heck out of me."
76561198210336901,Recommended,518790,30276824,Posted: 2 March,all,hajan,Nice Game
76561198095280506,Recommended,518790,30227730,Posted: 27 February,all,annoyingmoose234,"Pretty good game, some bugs, especially in multiplayer. Besides that you do what you expect you'd do in this game (shoot animals), just make sure you don't step in the deer♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,518790,30260105,Posted: 1 March,all,Armored_Spirit_Reaper,"Everything about the game, graphics, scenery, AI and much more are 100% phenomenal. I have been complete emersefied in the game since purchase. I like everything about it and would recommened it to any one that loves hunting with a few exceptions as listed below.1.) Sometimes the animals glitch out while walking/running or after being shot.2.) So far i have discovered a few watch towers and 1 camp, which gives you rewards such as perks, cash or skill points. The one thing i have noticed each time is i don't actually recieve my perk points, has happened 3 or 4 times now and mainly on finding the watch towers and a couple other times on some other things. I do how ever receive them for leveling up though just fine.3.) I don't know if it has to do with how im playing or not but there seems to be a bit of lack on animal species spawn rates. Out of the 16+hrs played i see an animal on average of 1 time every 45mins of real world time not game time. I do however know the game is different if a new game is started up again and i mean new as is starting all over at level 1. The first time there seemed to be more spawn rates. I only started a new game as i was only level 3 and the wife wanted to learn how to play as well.4.) Currency relative to game play builds and purchases. I feel the game is a little over priced on guns,bows and ammo as prices range from 10,000 to 60,000 for rifles and ammo starts as 350.00 for maybe 5 to 10 shells, as i have spent 1000.00 on ammo for the .243 (starting rifle) and received around 60-80 rounds. The building cost of the stands vs animal kill cash prizes and other world findings is a little high as well, say around 25% higher than i think it should be. Im all the time building stands and but that cost effected me being able to purchase better guns."
76561198071723151,Recommended,518790,30306427,Posted: 3 March,all,Scruff,"Not every game is a full on shooter, Not every gamer wants a full time shooter. I played the original Hunter game and the Mini transactions were a big put off. If you liked that game but not the transactions, then this one is spot on.This is graphicly a lot better and playwise, a lot more to offer. I was hesitant as the original one left me feeling like an open wallet and that the game would require constant funding. This is how it should have been released to start with.Definatly enjoying my experience now."
,Recommended,518790,30308347,Posted: 3 March,all,OddJawb,"This is both a great game, and kind of meh at the same time.My first impressions of the game is its beautiful - followed by - ""♥♥♥♥ me, this games setting has me hunting in europe? i've only ever hunted in the backwoods of the USA.... wonder what this will be like?"" followed quickly by a murdering rampage though the hills, :D.  in the span of 100 minutes I killed 5 Roe deer, 2 foxes, and 1 fallow deer.  But thats where the game starts to break down.The Good - This game is great for casual hunting, and by that i mean its a great pick up and shoot stuff hunter - not  much required in the way of getting started. You are given a decent set up right from the get go, you arn't required to buy hunting licenses or anything like that, and since the game is set up as a Arcade shooter - you can kill as manythings as you want - no bag limits :D.The Bad - For anyone looking for a more realistic hunting game this isn't going to be your bread and butter. This game is very beautiful however, it is not a deer hunter replacement. I never had to sight my gun, prep for my trip, buy hunting licenses, there was nothing in this game that made it feel like anything more than a casual arcade mode hunting game. Deer and wildlife are extreamly easy to track from the very begining since tracks light up and glow for you to track the game.The Ugly -  Its a bit buggy in a few areas - I got attacked by a rock and lost half my health walking down a steep hill :P. Another kind of disapointing feature is the scorecard system - For example, I shot a deer and missed its lung (the hold your breath is extramly short starting out) and shot the deer in the stomach - it didnt go down right away as to be expected and ran off and died around 200 meters away. Upon collecting the ""Trophy"" A score card is presented and then I was given a rather high score for botching this kill. Most anyone who hunts knows this was not a clean kill - the animal,  if this were in real life,  suffered immensly before dying of bloodloss and exhuastion.  I further tested this out and shot a deer resting in the face - Bang ""trick shot"" achievement - thats when it set in for me that this game was not going to come close to being a deer hunter replacment.All in all though - its a great game that seems to have a team deadicated to fixing the game and improving it - its just not going to scratch the itch of being a real hunting simulator to get you through waiting for the next hunting season."
,Recommended,518790,30223615,Posted: 27 February,all,MyNameIsMikeyD,"I've only played 1.4 hours of this game, as from a game play stand point it wasnt my cup of tea, so i have refunded it.That being said this is a beautiful game. The terrain is breathe taking and the environment is really immersive.Would recommend to people who like to chill out to a game that you want to put some serious time into"
,Recommended,518790,30224259,Posted: 27 February,all,nilslorand,Realistic. Maybe a little too realistic because you have to sneak up on animals from up to 200m away which takes a long time. But they atleast included and autowalk option.Didnt encounter any bugs yet.
,Recommended,518790,30228191,Posted: 27 February,all,Simplegod,love it
,Recommended,518790,30242159,Posted: 28 February,all,space core,I like but I suck at tracking and being quite cause it feels so slow but I love going to a tower then shoot an animal.a few bugs here and there but all around its good
,Recommended,518790,30259874,Posted: 1 March,all,Tinman,ALthough the equipment is extremely expensive the game is pretty good. It could be a awesome game if they would add a few things. First we need tents to sleep in at night to save our progress. Portable deer stands and deer feeders would be sweet. Also throw in the ability to use a campfire to eat and drinking bottles for a better feel of real life. It takes a while to level up. Cover scents and camo clothes should be unlocked from day one and alot CHEAPER! I definetely look forward to future updates.Throw in a atv for the long trails and you got a great game.LolOne last thing. A CROSSBOW would be awesome. Thanks
,Recommended,518790,30268281,Posted: 1 March,all,.gENERO,"Game has some bugs as I write the review but is still a ton of fun. I definately recommend it.Please devs, fix the menu when u buy gear though, doesn't even look as polished as it is in the trailer, don't have the information about the ammo/gun scrolling, let me scroll instead."
,Recommended,518790,30276075,Posted: 2 March,all,Avatar,Amazing graphics!! Verry realistic
,Recommended,518790,30315875,Posted: 4 March,all,[R3KT]doublebarelslugs™,The best vegitation graphics i've seen in a long time! Its one of the best hunting games i've ever played!Very fun and very hard at some points.
76561198044641333,Recommended,518790,30268404,Posted: 1 March,all,massey.52,This game is aBLAST............ ;)
76561198008103372,Recommended,518790,30221073,Posted: 27 February,all,eodkeith,Best hunting game I've ever played. Easily a 60$ dollar game. I have a custom built gaming computer and have had zero problems with bugs. This is the Far cry series meets the hunting genre. Just buy!
76561198058935725,Recommended,518790,30223941,Posted: 27 February,all,Pandy,"It's fun. There's a handful of frustrating technical isssues that still persist after several patches but I'm enjoying the game anyway. However, I do wish serveral features had been carried over from TheHunter for the launch of CoTW but with any luck the devs are working on them now. This game will rank higher than the previous game for me personally once all the kinks are ironed out and we start to see a steady flow of new content but it feels like that is a bit far away from now. Until that happens I can happily roam the gorgeous landscapes and relax for a while."
76561198096104303,Recommended,518790,30224269,Posted: 27 February,all,SemiSolidSam,good game but still abit buggy few things need sorting out
,Recommended,518790,30224872,Posted: 27 February,all,WashOut,"Really beautiful environment and not just for the eye, also for your ear. I've been mostly playing single player and haven't had any bigger glitches, have been working very well. So far a + also a large + for actually paying for the game and not pay to win."
76561198161103467,Recommended,518790,30225482,Posted: 27 February,all,Gunboat,great game most of the problem i have is finding the animals case i can never seam to find them but it still is a lot of fun
76561198139653472,Recommended,518790,30232586,Posted: 27 February,all,12jakemetz,"I had just spotted my first decent buck in Layton Lake and observed, attempting to get closer for a better shot. However, he quickly spooked and bolted off into the underbrush. I tracked him, but eventually gave up and decided to head for a nearby observation point and take in the scenery.I'd like to say, this game has perfectly captured how it feels to be in the woods. I hike occasionally during the summer and this is the first game I've ever seen that had me convinced my character was actually in a forest instead of just a clump of trees. The underbrush is great and the topogrophy is excellent. The way the lighting interacts with the trees and brush is absolutely perfect.Back to ingame, I continued along a path leading to the lookout tower. Then my attention was brought straight forward by the warning grunt of a black bear. I quickly dropped into a crouch and raised my rifle. Though some brush, I could see a bear with a cinnamon coat quartering towards me, coming along the path maybe 45 yards away. I lined up the reticle with the front of his shoulder, held my breath, pulled the trigger. He took a few more steps along the path, so I fired again, dropping him in his tracks.This is what you get when you purchase this product. A convincing virtual world and a rewarding experience. At times it's a painfully slow burner, but when you finally get that perfect shot you know that the game didn't give it to you. You earned it.P.S. to fans of turkey hunting, waterfowling and upland birds: They aren't currently included in the game but I have a strong suspicion they'll make their way in at some point.EDIT: I should mention there did seem to be a large infestation of bugs when the game was first released but it has been patched multiple times since release and I have yet to experience any game breaking bugs, just a few very minor graphical glitches."
,Recommended,518790,30242086,Posted: 28 February,all,EngiMen,"TL:DR: Great game with loads of bugs, however not any gamebreaking ones I have found yet. However, before you buy try out the origiinal TheHunter for free, since the gameplay and concept are pretty much identical themselves,Pros:- Alot better graphics than the last thehunter. It makes the world feel much more immersive and gives sort of an ambient feeling when hunting. (which in my opinion makes it less boring)- NO MICROTRANSACTIONS! The previous hunter was a P2W game. If you are thinking of playing the previous thehunter because ""oh oh oh, i dont want to buy this game but I still want to hunt for free bah baah blah"" then you\re on the wrong track. You can unlock all species immideatly and can get better weapons by grinding them.- Night hunting. Nuff said.- This is by far the best (and one of the only) hunting game out there. Hunting simulation is a genre where currently, you do not have much choice.Cons:- Absolute garbage UI.- Multiplayer cons:- Can't claim lookout points or outposts in multiplayer unless you are the owner of the server- Server browser is absolute trash with very few filtering options- Zones that appear that animals avoid when an animal is shot in the area do not match up with guests and the host- Sometimes guests and owners see different animals (happens very rarely!)- and loads of other small bugs- ALL OF THE BUGS! Seriously this and the UI is by far the biggest issue I have with this game. There are SO many of them and you will encounter them EVERYWHERE! They are not gamebreaking and do not exactly do that much, but this just feels like that the developers have not tested this game AT ALL or it's just a beta version (however, the game has already had a closed beta)- No trophy shots- No baiting barrelsSo, conclusion:If you want a hunting game, play the original TheHunter for a few hours and see if you like the waiting, the having to endlessly be careful not to sppok an animal and so on. If you do, buy this game! It's better than the original in almost every way (of course, except the bugs). It's a great game. There are none that compare to this. It's quite fun to play by yourself and even better if you play with your friends."
,Recommended,518790,30308268,Posted: 3 March,all,skoalcandan,It's an alright game
,Recommended,518790,30267923,Posted: 1 March,all,Potta_the_hunter,to Start with this is/was a great game with the best enviroment on a game yet but as soon as the 1.1patch came out i started getting more crashes mainly while following tracks of a deer i shot. at random points on both maps i get random freezing points that lock up my pc all while running thru the undergrowth.With a little bit more from the dev team on fixing some of these issues this is goiing to be the best huntingg simulator for along time to comeI do recommend the game to anyone with a higher spec pc
76561198165001145,Recommended,518790,30005032,Posted: 18 February,all,vertigo-007,"The open world and scenery is simply amazing. While you maye need a moderately powerful computer to play this game to get the ""full beauty"", you  can still be left awed by the many sights. Are there bugs? Well yes, all new games have bug's. If you have ever let that be the reason you got fed up with a game and give it a poor review, thats not a good reason in my opinion.Pros; open world, relatively cheap, no licenses for animals, infinite starter ammo, hud is easy to follow, and more.Cons; tracking at first is confusing, menus seem chunky and slow/freeze, small graphic errors/lag.With more time things will get ironed out and improved upon, making the game smoother and even more enjoyabe.  Just remember this isn't thehunter classic and plays differently but shares some simular key features. Most importantly be patient and have fun!"
76561198044683477,Recommended,518790,30293490,Posted: 3 March,all,Aegaeon,"To anybody that likes hunting games i would recommend this game to you, it was huge maps, a variety skills and perks, multiple ways to hunt, and the developers are working hard to fix any/all problems that people are having with the game.There are a couple of problems i have with the game so far.1. In multiplayer the only the host can inteact with everything your friends or other players cant interact with lookouts, outposts, and undiscovered points on the map.2. Its some times feels like you go really slow out of no where kind of like if you were in slow-mo but only you this includes reloading, running, using lures etc."
,Recommended,518790,30586602,Posted: 18 March,all,Pp0wErr,Good game. sick graphics! and multiplayer Woho!
76561198260331426,Not Recommended,518790,30435288,Posted: 10 March,all,VegasAce22,"Highly immersive game with grand detail to the map! VERY VERY SLOW game play, and not exciting. Travel is probably the worst since the map is so big and have had absolutly no luck using the stands or blinds. I think adding in some utility vehicles to travel would help this game alot. It is a good game and recommend for some time just sitting and staring at the screen but for excitment maybe another game."
76561198314707744,Recommended,518790,30197397,Posted: 26 February,all,Scoobs,love hunting!  you will love this game!
,Recommended,518790,30205870,Posted: 26 February,all,Casual Dad,"Solid game. Haven't ran into any of the bugs that have been reported in the other earlier reviews. I have no complaints about the UI.The realism is both hit and miss. I would like to see noise through short undergrowth and grass reduced with rain, rather than moving under the ambient noise of the rain. I would also like to see blood spots in tracking more accurately reflect the hit. For example, bubbles in lung shots or cartilage in front shoulder blade hits. Parabolic flight patterns would be nice too!Overall it's a fun game. If you're a hunter or just like hunting games it's the best thing going atm, imo."
,Recommended,518790,29967401,Posted: 16 February,all,Zeek,Pretty good so far!Awesome bow hunting!once the bugs get worked will be sweet!
76561198009641702,Recommended,518790,30117195,Posted: 23 February,all,TweakeDGenius,"Love the game in every way!only need to fix some buys, and add more animalsMuch love"
76561197983373520,Recommended,518790,30210877,Posted: 26 February,all,ManRammer,"Deer GOD, man! What a GRIZZLY experience! Roe be to thee who does not play this game! This is the tail of a man and his gun :D"
,Recommended,518790,30361710,Posted: 6 March,all,LõustaMurdja,"I have played it for 12 hours now and I am still in love with it. First of all the game looks amazing. Second I have not found that much bugs, only few small bugs. I am deffenetly not bored of that game. Overall I think it is my best spent 30eur lately (exept last party xD). On my opinion the game is deffenetly worth buying if you are interested in hunting."
76561198236573636,Recommended,518790,30346409,Posted: 5 March,all,bluedawgz,"Brilliant effort by the dev. Waited all my life for a really good hunting sim. Its been awesome to play a really rewarding especially those dam coyotes. Almost zero bugs now with single player, few minor UX issues with the interface, buying ammo and more visual inticators on what you just bought. Mulitplayer is great but it does crash at least twice in a few hours everytime still after latest patch. 2 people cant go in the same deer stand either or one of you die from injuries. I dont ever remember killing my friends in real life when we are both up in a stand lol."
76561198120632551,Recommended,518790,30351286,Posted: 5 March,all,jadenra✠,best hunting game iv played in years well worth the $$
76561198017793946,Recommended,518790,30209058,Posted: 26 February,all,Angus Khan,"Many negative reviews.  I see one person review that is negative and the guy has over 600 followers.  He has given every game a negative review except one game...out of the 50 + reviews He has given all have been neg.The game has nice graphics, and is easy to learn and for the price..I am having fun.  If you looking for something to enjoy..Buy this game.  Its not super easy..but is quick to learn.  I am sure they will be adding more content.  I have not crashed one time.    Would be fun to try with multiple people in the game.If you like to Hunt and enjoy long walks in the woods...go for it...Adding to this review:Been Playing for a few days now..Still enjoy the game.  They just did a patch and I think it has even added to the experience.  I do wish they would put an ingame clock someplace so you could tell what time it is in game...some missions have time elements and that would help."
,Recommended,518790,30211905,Posted: 26 February,all,t.tv|RiddleVonGrump,"So, comming from the orginal theHunter, I can say, that this verison is a HUGE improvement.  One of the best things this verison did was remove all those damned ""Micro-Transactions.""  I greatly enjoy that I can take the weapon I start with and shoot at Whitetail, Blacktail, Moose, Elk, Black Bear, etc and not need ""a lience"" to do so.Another thing I can say, the upgraded graphics is in a word, BEAUTIFUL!  It also is not heavy on the GPU or CPU.  Having a Octacore FX8350 3.5Mhz CPU and a nVidia FXF 960 4GB SSC GPU, it runs smoothly.There, is of corse the bugs, however dont let this detract from the overall Experience.  I would recommend anyone into Hunting to purchase this games, as they have improved the engine, and removed some of the things orignal theHunter players have complained."
76561198179189859,Not Recommended,518790,30212069,Posted: 26 February,all,sgunnem,I bought this game mostly because of the awesome graphics reviews.  This is a laughing matter.  The trees look awful.  Anyone who thinks this game looks great does not play battlefield1 or Grand Theft Auto 5 as those games really are the best looking out there right now.Refund please and thank you.
76561197970617282,Recommended,518790,30459343,Posted: 11 March,all,Jagella,"The Hunter Call of the Wild is essentially a first-person shooter. Unlike most shooters, though, you don't get shot. You shoot or try tho shoot game like deer, foxes, and bison. You hunt this game in a forest in Europe. This forest is very beautiful with lush vegetation and has weather effects like wind, rain, and fog. The terrain is varied being fairly flat in some places and mountainous in other places. The forest is huge and can take a long time to traverse. Fortunately there are outposts scattered about the forest. Once discovered, you can fast travel to other outposts in other areas of the map.On the downside, the game requires a lot of patience. You can play for an hour or more without seeing any game. When you do see game, it is very skittish and will run off even when you are far away from it. If you do shoot an animal it may run off leaving you empty handed. A bug in the game sometimes causes the animals to run in place. You can shoot them point blank without killing them.Is The Hunter for you? If you like something that can simulate hunting, then it might be a good choice. It does lend a feeling that you are actually stalking animals in the woods. When you do get a kill, it can be a satisfying experience. The map can be fun just to explore. For those of you who want much to do much of the time, this game probably won't please you.Is The Hunter for me? I've found that it does get better the more I play. It is a bit different from most of the shooters I play, and I've been looking for something different. I'm also pleased with the graphics. I'd say The Hunter is fair, and that's why I rate it three stars.You may wish to consider Far Cry 3, Far Cry 4, and Far Cry Primal. Theses games allow you to hunt game along with battling enemies. Unlike The Hunter, these games are much faster paced and animals much less difficult to hunt."
76561198065352711,Recommended,518790,30622407,Posted: 19 March,all,Kabitu,"Chased a bear for 5 hours back and forth across the entire map to the Benny Hill theme, finally caught it after it glitched into a rock and got stuck. 9/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,518790,30624790,Posted: 19 March,all,SoLucky,"I've played 10 hours so far, and can say that this game is absolutely amazing.  The graphics are amazing and the all around atmosphere of the game is fantastic.  So far I have run into a couple of bugs, one being that animals will get stuck on trees and keep running into them, so it's basically a free kill.  Other bugs i have found are that the .223 rounds in the store are backwards, being that the soft point and polymer tips got mixed around, and finally if you are using binoculars and you press Esc and go back to the game, the binocular's outline will still be on your screen until you look through them again.  But other than these little bugs, this game is still fantasic."
76561198251486822,Recommended,518790,30025739,Posted: 18 February,all,DC_SUPERMAN,Wow ..nice graphics...I m playing from 1day...no glitch no lag ..no problem at all...really thank u for dis game..best hunting experience..night hunt is awesome like real life ...
,Not Recommended,518790,30348530,Posted: 5 March,all,Wilco Chico,"SooooooPositive :-Awesome graphics, really beautiful game.-UI is intuitive, and easy to use.-Finally getting the hit you want is highly satisfying.Negative-Half of my kills were deers stuck in rocks or trees, basically free kill. (I almost felt bad for the poor things)-Had 4 game crashes in 2 hours. (Most likely it will crash when you're about to get the shot you waited for so long)-On 3 occasions, I headshot a deer from a 50ft distance. The deer runs (it was probably frightened by the bullet going through its head).Refunded, too many crashes and bugs. Great potential though."
76561197990725430,Recommended,518790,30302629,Posted: 3 March,all,Sawbonez,"I've been a regular player of TheHunter (original) for about two years and absolutely loved it.  TheHunter:COW is now my new hunting addiction.  The main difference is that the microtransactions are gone, for better or worse.  You want to upgrade your rifle?  Better go out and bring home some bacon (literally) and earn that in-game currency for the gun.  I'm fine with this.I won't even mention the graphics; it's gorgeous.  Runs smoothly on my PC (< 1 year old) with no problems.The one area this game falls down on is missions.  I enjoy going into the woods to hunt, but I would like more purpose behind it.  The missions in the game currently are linear; so if you get a mission you don't want to do (i.e., bow missions), your quest line has come to an end!  I wish there was a random component here... ""Go harvest 5 wild boar for blah blah blah..."" -- this would just give the game a little more purpose.But overall, it's a great game.  I'm glad I bought it.  I will be spending many hours with it in coming years, I'm sure."
,Recommended,518790,30304548,Posted: 3 March,all,VtheStampede,"I love this game. I grew up loving cabelas big game hunter series where it was just the player, the forrest and the animals, this game reminds me of that and it does it beautifully. areas to explore are massive and it is definitly designed to really push you into 100+ hours of gameplay for the best gear in the game. Which in my opinion is amazing i have games where you can get end game gear in under 10 hours of playing. highly reccomended"
,Recommended,518790,30402665,Posted: 8 March,all,Jgray,"So i've played 2 hrs of gameplay so far. even if i wanted to refund it i couldn't now. Heres my review:The graphics are amazing, this is one of the best hunting sims i've ever played. The tracking system the game has in finding your kill is on point, but there is one issue, gets a little  confusing when your following the trail/blood when you end up coming across another set of tracks from another deer, then you get veered off following another trail not knowing it. I ended up back tracking and finding the correct tracks. I ran into one glitch when i shot a bear he did not drop, he kinda got stuck standing up on his 2 hind feet, so i shot him a couple more times (doubletap)I also like the stat system and how equipment/guns are unlocked.on another note... so glad this is not a pay to play game like ""The Hunter"" Fu** that game, it should not be on steam biggest money racket.  that game can eat a bag of Coc*ks"
76561197978137965,Not Recommended,518790,30153551,Posted: 24 February,all,½ sodium,"You'd think over the course of 6 weeks these degenerates could add an ""exit to main menu"" button.  But no.  So that tells you about all you need to know about how well this game is being patched.UPDATE! They added an exit to menu button! They also added paid gameplay mechanic DLC!  Note, the dev's said this game was a one-time purchaase and would not have microtransactions when it was released."
,Recommended,518790,30341094,Posted: 5 March,all,DareBear,it good
76561198008322935,Not Recommended,518790,31527215,Posted: 3 May,all,Sparhawk2011,"I wanted to update my review after having the game for some time.The overall gameplay is fun, and you should expect to get 40+ hours of enjoyment, but then the game tails off quite a bit and is the same thing over and over.It is not a simulator, but more of an arcade style game - you can easily kill 50+ animals in an hour when you find the right location - this completely takes away the thrill of a hunting game.After 5+ weeks the developers have done little to improve the gameplay, they ignore bugs and instead focus on paid DLCs and new add-ons that are not the request of the community. I fear this game will continue to only add missing features through paid DLCs and continue to be an average arcade hunting game. The initial time I spent was fun, but I will continue looking, and so should you, if you are expecting a hunting simulation game."
,Recommended,518790,30511077,Posted: 14 March,all,Pettersson79,"♥♥♥♥ me, that looks amazing!"
,Recommended,518790,30711403,Posted: 24 March,all,The Knight of The Abyss,"I love playing this game, since the beta version this game has been a favorite for me and I really enjoy it, um however it seems updates have slowed quite strangely, they havent fixed the reload sounds or the animal AI pathfinding, I was on the american map I shot a deer and the deere ran in circles around me, I havent had that issue on the european map, just the american map. other than that, the game is awesome, complete freedom to hunt anything you want except rabbits, ducks, any kind of birds, but i hope they allow us to. Though this game has a few bugs that need fixing, it still beats spending money on animal liscenses and spending 100's of dollars on other crap when you shouldnt have to. Lastly, there are dlcs for this game, I understand the devs said they wouldnt go with adding dlcs, but most people have gotten it in there heads that the devs promised they wouldnt use dlc's, unfortunately i didnt see the devs promise anything. anyway this is a awesome game definitely buy it and play with your friends."
,Not Recommended,518790,29965589,Posted: 16 February,all,Keb,.. And now everything in the store of the Classic version will come as a DLC..Cant wait to buy a mustache pack DLC!!
76561198248755628,Not Recommended,518790,30734154,Posted: 25 March,all,WhyUHeffBeMad?,"Honestly this game is great when it runs properly, but weird sound bugs, animal movement bugs and my sudden inability to start the game are annoying enough for a thumbs down at this point."
,Not Recommended,518790,30202000,Posted: 26 February,all,Uncle N8-O,"Great game, needs work but im looking forward to the future and the upcoming updates.Edit- After playing the game for longer periods, im starting to get frustrated with all the bugs, and after the announcement of the console port tells me that they are not focused on fixing the current issues.. rather they are focused on raking in some more money. At this time i am changing my review to a wouldnt recommend at this time atleast until more fixes become apparent and more content is available as this game is marked as a full release."
76561198028463467,Not Recommended,518790,29980786,Posted: 17 February,all,superspartan2,YAY i love seeing a game slowly get better then the Dev'as come along and start DLC whoring :C
,Not Recommended,518790,32795839,Posted: 25 June,all,FREEMASON,Wish they bring back the survival style of hunting on the go...not really what I expected in my opinion
76561198120636540,Not Recommended,518790,32966169,Posted: 28 June,all,adkennedy03,"My PC meets all recomended reqs and never launched which completely bummed me out.  The beta test videos i watched and regular videos i watched made me get some complaints right away.  The amount of smoke coming out of a .243, a quite small deer round,  looks like a black powder rifle and not a smokeless rifle.  Animals still have no weight upon being shot and slump over like an air filled balloon.  I still can't get my head around why the smallest guns are used to drop moose and elk which is complete BS.  Having sound waves and showing what animal called and which call it made completly defeats the purpose of a simulation and immersing you in the game."
,Not Recommended,518790,32799731,Posted: 25 June,all,FreddyLuxe,"For now, I cannot recommand this game and I totally feel like I got ripped off and lost my money.I bought the game + DLCs because I saw many positive reviews and the recent average is, as of right now,  ""Very positive"".Game looks amazing and beautiful and I was looking for a game like this for a long time.So I decided to buy it.2 minutes into the game, game + steam completely crash.Restart Steam, launch the game again.2 minutes later, game + steam crash again.It seems to be a Memory Leak with the game. I get the crash report saying I have low memory.But my PC has 12gb of RAM and 945GB free on HDD.Cannot be low on memory it is impossible.So the game has memory leaks, I cannot play for more than 2min without both the game and steam crashing.I really really hope the devs will fix this soon. But I doubt it.I will change my review when this is fixed."
,Not Recommended,518790,32795015,Posted: 25 June,all,RAVELORD NITO,"In terms of graphics and the hunting mechanics themselves, it's a step up from theHunter: Classic.But the rest of this game is cancerous garbage. I feel like the devs deliberately made it horrible so that people would go buy♥♥♥♥♥♥for Classic."
76561198259858896,Recommended,518790,30122412,Posted: 23 February,all,log00544,"in a word, this game has a great idea--hunting in wild areas. But at the beginning, there were so many bugs:i had killed one prey, there were some still hanging around like nothing had happened;maybe because of the model of the map, more often than sometimes, a prey could been stucked among stones or sth, you could do it with a knife if you had;i had killed one, other preys have been scared, then they just runned around not away.the 3 bugs mentioned above appeared in the lake reserve(the 2nd) on my laptop.after installing patch 1.1, the frame number becomes higher, and i haven't found any one of the bugs appeared yet. so the experience is more comfortable. but harder to get to harvest..."
76561198031597791,Recommended,518790,30121990,Posted: 23 February,all,=💥SC00P💥=,"Ok, devs released a 1.3GB patch today as promised. They seem to be willing to fix all those stupid little bugs. Because of that, thumbs up!Here is my old negative review. Note that not everything was fixed yet but as long as they keep working on it I am recommending the game:*********WARNING***********************WARNING****************Even when this game is supposedly to be considered fully released it has actually still more in common with an easy access title!The game menu, for once, is extremely amateurish and borderline infuriating! It is not possible, for example, to assume that the game would save changes you made to it like turning toggle scope on. It will work for 5 mintues but then for whatever reason will suddenly go back to default toggle scope off !!?? I think it resets options whenever you score a kill and open the trophy screen. Another example for the ridiculous game menu is the apply button of the graphics options tab which is not even 'clickable'! To top things off the game won't even save your graphics options which is really inconvenient when u restart, cause optimization isn't exactly CotW's strong suit.. But zealots will probably find an excuse here as well, huh?Once you reach the startup screen you'll be welcomed with the game character's hand, holding a mobile in first person only to see that vanish in a matter of seconds so that the camera can fly up into the air in order to show you the awesome landscape which happens all in the background of your startup screen where you can select options, start game etc.. Another easily visible sign that this game was rushed out of the door or for an early access title..Once you fought your way through the pain-inducing game menu you will reappear in either the american or european hunting reserve only to get immeditely jumped by hordes of apparently sedated animals which barely care at all about your presence! My first experience was literally spawning in, seeing a deer, killing it, turning around, seeing another one, walking, tracking, harvesting, seeing another one and so on.. You barely get a chance NOT to immedaitely see another animal which is just ludicrous considering that you're blasting through the forest with firearms!That was my experience in the US reserve the european, however, has way less animals in it. Sadly, such animals there are just as stupid as the American ones.. Like me shooting at one and only a few seconds later some jerk of a deer thinks it's a good idea to pop out of the woodwork right next to me in order to get shot, too instead of being frightened by the shot and running away..Animals sink halfway through the floor. Sounds animals make sound like they're right next to you even when they are actually way farther away than the sound suggests which is an issue in the hunter one and primal, too, by the way. There are no actual wounds animated on killed animals!According to other reports is there also no animal variety of the same type or in other words, all deer apparently look alike! Antlers apparently do not vary as well, only size but not the looks of it.. Some calls animals make are apparently incorrect, too.There's a ton more I could list here if I really wanted to but I think at this point you should have a good idea of what you're getting into!I will change my review to positive IF devs ever bother to actually fix all those issues! I currently like the game enough to go on a walk before I go to sleep in real life. The environment is rly quite nice and relaxing if there only weren't all those pathetic issues which basically scream RUSHED OUT OF THE DOOR!!!Here a graphics bug where only the frame of the mobile is visible:http://i.imgur.com/rPVtrTh.jpg"
,Recommended,518790,30433177,Posted: 10 March,all,Wilder ♕ King,"It's an excellent simulator of what hunting really is and should be like. There are some annoyances that I HOPE the developers keep in mind when releasing future updates, but for the most part the game is excelent.Pro's1. This game is beautiful. It is taxing on the system, but I am able to play on a steady 30 fps, and the textures are all at least 4k. Its amazing and I definetly applaude the developers for making it so.2. Realism of the process of hunting is outstanding. It goes through all the steps, and doesnt make it overly simplified to find prints or track animals.3. Animal diversity is also quite astounding.Con's1. The A.I of the animals needs a lot of tweaking. This is a problem that should be able to be remedied, but it is something that needs to be fixed in the future if the game is to be succesful. It kinda takes the realism out of the game when you finally track down a deer stuck in a tree, and shoot it point blank. Take collision with trees off at least?But other than that, the game is fineThere is not a whole lot more to a hunting game than what it already has guys. This isnt bass pro;s either, so they dont have an entire warehouse arsenal of hunting equipment for you to choose from. It's just the way it is and I can understand it.Overall 7.5/10, If the A.I is fixed 10/10"
,Recommended,518790,30437398,Posted: 10 March,all,CactuarPrime,There are bugs in this game but not enough to ruin the experience.
,Recommended,518790,30437986,Posted: 10 March,all,Metul Burr,"Overall...probably one of the best hunting games to date.If you are looking for a casual hunting game this is it. Expect a lot of walking, a lot of crawling, finding animals needs zones to hide out at for awhile, etc.Cons:It feels like its early access. Currently has a lot of bugs and some game crashes. I still consider it worthwhile though, even in its beta state.The missions are kinda dumb. But you can just bypass them and do whatever you want. For example: the missions are currently arranged in a way that makes it almost by chance to complete some of them...such as the take a picture of 2 bears in one pic. I personally hate the photography missions.This will most likely be fixed at some point.... but the animals sometimes get stuck on rocks, or freeze in space.This also will at some point be added: more animals and more content.Pros:None of that monthly pay crap they had in the first one. This is the reason i bought this one and nothing from the first one.Free roam. You can follow the story missions, side quests, or do whatever you want.Some scenery is so gorgeous it could be a background for your monitor.Huge enormous reserves. I havent even been to every location in almost 40 hours of gameplay.Bleed outs from animalstracking.......you can literally spend an hour in real time tracking an animal that you shot, it you hit the flesh and no vitals.hunting pressure zones. If you shoot an animal in the same spot, they come around less, if not at all.History. Their past game shows that they will work one this game for years to come. Adding content, fixing bugs, etc. etc.Realistic features.... sounds, smells, and visuals can give you away as a hunter."
76561197993013105,Recommended,518790,30494836,Posted: 13 March,all,CraZY*,"Love this game, Amazing graphics and scenery. Best hunting game out i can tell you that"
76561198389281789,Not Recommended,518790,34172001,Posted: 11 August,all,Kpt_Cupcakes,"Beautiful game, but the game keeps crashing mentioning my computer not meeting the requirements thou i have the GTX 1060 with 6GB VRAM."
76561198155600126,Not Recommended,518790,31789574,Posted: 16 May,all,zombiewolfs,i have just buy this game but it keeps crashing when i try to start it what is wrong with the game?
76561198164270021,Recommended,518790,30415317,Posted: 9 March,all,Rottenflesh142,"After the 1.4 patch my crashing has stopped so I changed my review to YES buy it. The game still has bugs but it is moving along. I have 120 hours in the game and the bugs that are in the game are not bad enough for me to stop playing.This isn't a run and gun COD style of game but it isn't as boring as ""real"" hunting can be. It's a hunting game so you will see more animals in one hour of game time than you will see in 2 months of walking around in the wild in real life. It's 30 bucks give it a try."
76561197971651549,Recommended,518790,30200679,Posted: 26 February,all,michael,First quick impression: Best nature environment simulation to date! Beautiful natural graphics and sound :) The bugs will certainly/hopefully be fixed asap. Reflection in water does not look good (ultra settings) - pls also fix.
,Recommended,518790,30021504,Posted: 18 February,all,xDGxKILLERx[TG-SRU],played the game for 4 hours and its better than expected to graphic are simply great and the feeling of finnly finding and shoting the animal that youve been stalking for the last 10 mins is just simply unmatch in any other game
76561198219329989,Recommended,518790,29973630,Posted: 16 February,all,Difrakhsh,I tried to play this game with SYSTEM but it did not work i tried with admin and it does not work for me. It always crash in the first loding screen. I do not know if this is because my graphic card is to bad it is a 580. Or if it is somesthing else. Please fix this as fast as you can because i payed for something i can't use.
,Not Recommended,518790,30024504,Posted: 18 February,all,λ,No microtransactions.EDIT: Microtransactions.
76561197975089574,Recommended,518790,34145186,Posted: 10 August,all,Paul,"I have just got my hands on this game and I also have sunken 100's of hours and dollars into the classic hunter game.To me, I prefer the CotW map and graphics, but I prefer the classic for everything else. For instance, when I shot deer countless times in the leg or hip, the deer managed to run a good 400 metres before going down. In the classic, the deer would go down and be waiting to be put out of its misery.Alot of people have got their panties in a twist with the developers charging for DLC. If I want to sell a mouse without a mousepad, that's my choice. The same principle applies here.I hunt on my dad's farm, we have fallow and red wild deer, I use a 7mm Remmingtion Magnum Rifle. This game with its graphics and sound, almost makes me think I'm there.So, if you're really into hunting, this will quench your thirst, bear in mind there is no perfect hunting game."
76561198019934766,Recommended,518790,30190392,Posted: 26 February,all,|LAO| AqAurius,"for a game this huge, details there will always be some bugs in the beginning, they update every 2 days or so with fixes so this game will be without most bugs in no time.best game of its kind at the moment"
76561198029091129,Recommended,518790,30352491,Posted: 6 March,all,Ingrish Gamer,"Needs a few more animals and zones, but it has great potential. Loving it so far."
,Recommended,518790,29978174,Posted: 16 February,all,[TwiztidPain],"I have played the game for 3 hrs.This is from my point of view, the game appeals to people who are into the hunting style game. Their are a few glitches that noticable, but not bad. The game is new so that is to be expected. The game makes you work to upgrade, but they are free you don't have to pay real money. The game is ment to be slowpaced, the sound levels are ment to be higher as real life simulation to scare deer."
,Recommended,518790,34260713,Posted: 15 August,all,Muh macht die Kuh 👍,"Before I bought this game I was curious if I would like these kind of games (hunting games). Gameplay seemed so... 'slow', compared to a normal shooter, and I was worried that I wouldn't like it and find it boring.After 11 hours I can say that I'm still hooked for this one.- The graphic is absolutey beautiful, best forest graphic I have ever seen in a game- A lot of different weapons for each playstyle (Rifles, Pistols, Bows and Short-rifles - kind of shotgun like weapons)- 2 HUGE maps - one with the setting of middle Europe, one of Northern America- A lot of different animals with different behavioursFor me it was totally worth the 19 bucks i payed in the sale. I also grabbed the 2 dlc's which make the game more comfortable (tents for shopping and sleeping while on the run and be able to fasttrack to specific places - ATV cars for faster movement)Grab it, its great!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30853216,Posted: 31 March,all,kruden,"Great fun for those who like simulated hunting. Anyhow there should be some added gamemechanics that would make the game more fun.1. Temporary tents / camping tools2. Cooking your catch for meals to keep your morale up.3. A bicycle that you could style to move around the huge park.4. Fishing.5. Decorating your bunk with your hunt.6. Cleaning and maintainance to your rifle/weapons.7. Firing range for practises.8. Make clothing have progression, better gloves and better clothing / shoes for hunting purposes.Paid DLC for a few tents in different colors? What .... Noooo? It makes no sense. Please retink your paid DLC make it free before the whole steam community turns on you dev and your sales plummet."
,Recommended,518790,34727829,Posted: 3 September,all,Señor Stronk,"It is the best hunting game I've ever played. I hate the paywall stuff, though."
76561198296849380,Recommended,518790,34828344,Posted: 8 September,all,Polybius,"Love the game, slow pace and great visuals"
,Not Recommended,518790,33818439,Posted: 26 July,all,Scrubbo,"This game was a lot of fun. With its A+ graphics and the stellar sound design, it really allows the gamer to mesh with the wilderness in this immersive experience.However, it is not a complete game as advertised. There are countless bugs. I bought a game at 29.99, but I am acting as the game tester. This game is not under Early Access...My experience with this game has been rocky.I refuse to pay for the ATV and Tent DLCs because those should have already been standard features in this ginormous hunting game. I actually stopped playing because I have to walk 10 years everywhere and I start from the same boring locations.You priced the ATV only because you seem them as essential, so you think ""aw yeah, they have to buy it now"" SCAM DON'T BUY"
76561198097165202,Recommended,518790,34864270,Posted: 10 September,all,greenhuntress,"glitches i've encountered in almost 150 hours of playing: clipped up through the roof of a cabin in the woods once, clipped through the ground 3 times, shot a deer straight in the chest from eight feet away and it didnt hit even though im a VERY very good gamer.in all seriousness, yes, there are occasionally glitches in this game, but they rarely affect the gameplay. personally i think i've only ever played six games in my whole life that had absolutely no glitches in it, so this is fine i think.my only real criticism is that when i play this game with a controller i can't fast travel unless i lean forward, reach for the mouse, and use that to click on a location. i would like to remain leaned back on my fat♥♥♥♥♥and fast travel without overexerting my weak body."
,Recommended,518790,34747682,Posted: 4 September,all,CLU,Gorgeous graphics and immersive soundscape. A few bugs and gameplay issues (at launch) but most have been fixed in patches 1.1 and 1.11.This is a game of patience and it is richly rewarding to the persistant.
76561198062165954,Recommended,518790,34643868,Posted: 31 August,all,Dr. Zoidberg ~01010101~,This is a WONDERFUL game!! had a few bugs in the begging of its release but what game doesnt. It runs good an smooth now but you will need a decent computer. Its an very pretty game!!!!! The two maps are pretty large an theirs many many good places to hunt an many diffrent animals to find. The atvs are very useful dew to the size of the maps. An multiplayer!! I think its the best hunting game out their!
,Recommended,518790,34578072,Posted: 29 August,all,SimplyMemes,"I STRONGLY Recommend this game, It might take time to get used to, Tracking Animals and stuff  like that, but once you gett he hang of it, its one of the Best games i've played, in my opinion."
76561198137294466,Recommended,518790,30039816,Posted: 19 February,all,Alterego_Loki,"First Steam review so bear with me...The Basics: A hunting ""simulator"" that drops you into a massive map with a gun in your hand a somewhat helpful voice in your ear. No real setup, just cuts you loose with some very basic and in my opinion decent enough tutorial messages. You could follow the missions that pop up on your huntermate or ignore them. As far as I can tell, nothing is gated behind the completion of any of them. So as soon as you start you can do as you please, unlock outposts, lookout points and other assorted collectibles around the land. Not to mention trying to land your first, of many, kills.Graphics: Game is gorgeous as hell. Dense forests that give way to open fields, lakes and rivers carving through the hills. Its just a treat to look at. Not to mention the animals are very well done also. Though if I'm honest (and that's the point right?) the animals could maybe use a second albeit small touch up. Nothing a non critical eye would notice. I can't help but feel like this is the way game maps were supposed to be designed from the beginning. It's so great walking through the bushes and branches hoping that you can get a shot on a deer you can barely makeout in the distance. There are a few low texture and blurry bits but I was too awestruck to notice until the five hour mark.Sound: The sounds are great and not great. Mixed bag. Mainly some are too loud. Some are recycled leading to confusion and some are kind of odd. The rain is an example of excellence. I absolutely love the rain in this game. It truly feels like I am standing in the forest in a storm, and when thunder occurs, I nearly jumped from my seat. Example of bad sound is when for instance, a rabbit takes off from a few feet from you. Not only is it loud as balls, but it makes the same sound as your polyester jacket scraping tree branches. Sounds like this being repeated led to me constantly wondering if a deer responded to my calls, a rabbit got startled, or I'm just molesting a tree. Another positive though, the voiceovers are quite nice. (at least so far)Gameplay: It's an incredibly simple premise done quite well. You go into the forest and shoot animals. Main drive is to bag the biggest and best you can. It's a very addictive cycle for myself. The game makes it very easy to decide whats worth you ammo. You get experience for better kills ie right tool for the animal, quick kills, and better trophies. You also level up your skill with a particular weapon or tool type which opens up new variants at an oupost. There are perks and skills that allow you to alleviate the difficulty in subtle and so far non game breaking ways.ETC: The main gripe here with most people is the grind. It takes a long time to begin unlocking things. Me personally though, the gun you start with is more than sufficient and games like these aren't about racing to the end, it's the journey along the way. Other issues are that when playing with a keyboard and mouse it's currently impossible to sneak effectively. No matter the stance you make hella noise moving through any kind of underbrush. And yes, there are reports of quite a few assorted bugs. Missing ammo, scopes not working, animals glitching out. I haven't personally experienced these but I feel for those who are. I trust that given a little bit of time, the dev team will iron these things out and build upon the solid foundation that they have laid. Even the early days of the Hunter classic were an ugly time.TLDR: Buggy, beautiful, and fun as hell.When it comes down to it, this game at its worst is miles better than any other hunting game at it's best."
76561198060586973,Recommended,518790,30202002,Posted: 26 February,all,maciora,"Gameplay:Its not Call Of Duty in the Forest, where bears on steroids, 50 feet tall attacking innocent topless girls in mini skirts, and u save them - (btw I would love this kind of game) - this is slow paced, hunting simulator. My last hunt was tracking black bear for like 20 minutes, and then hit it from 250 meters in the head.It really was like real life hunting - you have shot statistics after hit, where did u hit animal and the score. Its really interesting. I can suspect there will be more DLCs like Alaska with Grizzly bears and stuff like this - which will make this game only better.Graphics are great, and you really have feeling being in the forest, moving slowly tracking your prey - if you like, slow paced games, where you have to think a lot, a truly hunting simulation - it is game for You."
76561197993236363,Not Recommended,518790,30414044,Posted: 9 March,all,SatansTesticles_LOA,"gave the company months to get their bugs and terribble AI fixed, but still hasnt happened. Now they are pushing for console release and paid DLC , when the game doesnt even work correctly. will never buy from them again if they continue as they are. funny to see their reviews go from 'mostly postive'  to mixed, and soon in the negatives im sure. imagine how many sales they are missing out on because of their lack of dedication to fixing the gameon top of all the issues, now i see that they are starting to ban negative commentators, delete negative feedback . thats one way to lose customers quick"
76561198008160341,Recommended,518790,35121126,Posted: 21 September,all,Kilaz,Nice and relaxing to play by yourself great hunting game also fun to play with a friend beautiful graphics and sound effects would recommend as a nice chill game
76561198365777641,Recommended,518790,35137109,Posted: 22 September,all,Ejectkid26027,"Great game!! For the most part its laid back. Visually stunning. I feel tis best played with head phones. If you need a relaxing game, and are tired of the shoot'em up games. This is it. Outta the park, this one be!"
,Recommended,518790,35159242,Posted: 23 September,all,SCHWEINmitTEC-9,"As a hunting game this is great 9/10.But the ATV dlc was a huge positive Surprise to me.I was looking for a good open world offroad driving game for years now,but the games i found were pretty old and♥♥♥♥♥♥looking, while this one has pretty nice graphics.Since im driving a 700ccm ATV myself in Rl i can say that the sound of the ATV in this game is 100% spot on (especially if you are using a bodyshaker),while the physics are morely mediocre , but not bad. I played a couple of games with ATV implements like Planetside2, BfBc2, Farcry 3, and i would say that those games were much worse when it came to ATV driving physics.I think this game should get a lot more Vehicles like UTV and Trucks, the developers should even get in gaming wheel controls into this."
,Recommended,518790,35150583,Posted: 23 September,all,Rezanator,"Seriously great potential this game has, however it has a number of bugs which are extremly frustrating, The sound of game can feel like they are right on top of you when in fact they are over 100 yards away, The indication markers when tracking game are rubbish & I have this maxed in the talent tree (they point at each other..wtfwhen using the mouse you have to go 10mm under the indended box you want to clickGet these fixed as it seriously spoils the fun in the game.I WOULD RECCOMMEND THE GAME BUT IT HAS ISSUES"
76561198286229828,Recommended,518790,32629892,Posted: 21 June,all,Capn' Dubbymon,"best hunting sim of all time! i tried hard to find fault in this software but only found problems with my oldschool GPU trying its best to give me a taste of this simulator.  you dont even need to kill animals to be impressed by it, spent an hr just walking around ging ""oooh...ahhh"" ""look at the effects!"" everything from the audio to the visuals is incredible.  just not a game u can play for 10 minutes, or run around sprinting and expect to see a decent animal to hunt.  takes some dedication to find the best hunting grounds/ animals."
,Recommended,518790,34806382,Posted: 7 September,all,9th Level Ω Male,"As of now most of the negative reviews on this game that don't pertain to (((DLC))) are out of date. The bugs with multiplayer have largely been fixed, tent vanishing is no more, animal pathfinding doesn't have the running in circles bug anymore, and bleeding has been fixed.I agree that the DLC is cancerous and the developers should consider making them free, and reimbursing everyone who bought it with free access to the new hunting region expansions (region expansion packs are fine IMO)I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game despite the (((DLC policy))). I have encountered a few bugs, most of which actually got fixed the patch yesterday. I wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who wants a hunting simulator with a TON of attention to realism and stalking.A couple of bugs I have noticed that haven't been fixed:-Bullet penetration in general kind of seems low?-The reload animation for the .270 inserts an empty magazine.-Sometimes if you wedge yourself between two rocks the game engine detects that you're being bullied by the terrain and ejects you to a safe distance of 100meters.-When you swap from multiplayer to singleplayer, you'll just die for no reason. ???. You dont lose anything from dying and you start at the outpost anyway, so its not annoying, just weird.-You can't crouch walk up some very steep hills.-Bison are a bit too fearless versus repeated buckshot blasts to the side of the neck and face.That's about it."
76561198061241160,Recommended,518790,34793711,Posted: 7 September,all,Raim,shot a moose in his dirty ♥♥♥♥ing moose face 10/10
76561198085860802,Recommended,518790,34805481,Posted: 7 September,all,Chief,"Okay, I'm gonna be as HONEST as I can be here.I love this game, but that's just me. Here's the numbers (in my opinion):Graphics: 9.9/10Gameplay: 8/10Price: 6/10Value: 7/10Learning Curve: STEEPER THAN MOUNT EVEREST.For anyone who likes an easy, drop-in drop out style of hunting game, this game is probably not right for you. It takes a decent amount of skill to learn how to be an effective and cash-worthy hunter. I really enjoy the challenge, but take it with a grain of salt because I know there are many people out there who don't. The in-game items are very hard to get, but with a little practice, you can have a lot of fun with this game. I would say it is not necessarily better than its predecessor, if you spent the same amount on Classic that you did on this game, based solely on the verymuch improved gameplay mechanics. So, if you're a fan of a challenge, go for it and buy the game, it looks beautiful and is only slightly overpriced in terms of content. If not, then I just wasted 1 minute of your life and you should go back to playing Minecraft on easy mode."
76561197961927412,Recommended,518790,34759605,Posted: 5 September,all,Pazza Peritz,"Who knew looking at piles of faeces could be so informative?Replete with nature porn, and a helpful screen that shows you exactly where you oppressed an animal; the full, aesthetic hillbilly experience is here, and it's glorious.P.S. buy with the tent and quad dlcs the devs hope you won't realize you'll need until you've already bought the base game."
76561198021192403,Recommended,518790,34912050,Posted: 12 September,all,Deadly_Erik,"Very cool game to play, love the atmosphere and the whole hunting aspect (tracking and harvesting the game). I wish the devs would fix some of the bugs in the next little while.My only concer currently with the game  is getting swarmed by multiple animals of different kind. An example is being attacked by a bear, black deer, and moose at the same time. I wish i could have taken a screen shot because there were well over 20 animals running around and trying to run into me. It all happened while i was tracking an animal for 25min and ended up half way up a mountain with patches of trees.I play the game vanilla style, no add-ons or any modifications at all. Asside from the annoying bug above, i still recomend this game hoping the devs will fix the bugs soon."
76561198133149707,Recommended,518790,35181871,Posted: 24 September,all,Bobtodd,"I enjoy this game. I think it had some issues on launch and I was really frustrated with the game at first, but after you learn a little more about the animals behavior you'll get the hang of it. I will say this is not for everyone, sometimes I get 5 kills in 10 minutes and sometimes I go an hour not even seeing an animal. This is a slow paced trial and error game, I recommend giving it some time because you do learn a lot about your sounds and where to hunt."
,Recommended,518790,35189984,Posted: 24 September,all,cheeseSNIPeR,"This game has some issues, but the devs constantly work on it and solve a lot of these issues.  In game animal populations are high, and the game does not tell you where all the animals are.  You can literally hunt as long or as short as you want.  The initial grind is a bit heavy, but theres a lot of open hunting.  Shoot what you want when you want.  Definitely not a COD type shoot em up, if you run through the map you wont see anything.Pros:Completely open world, beautiful graphicsSomewhat realistic physics, bullets have definite properties.  dont try shooting a moose with your default gun.everything purchased with in game creditsshoot what you want when you wantno licensesCons:A little too grindy.  have to shoot pretty much everything you see in the beginning.animals still get stuck in random spots, though this has been greatly improved.Needs small game/bird hunting.  All animals that give xp and money are large game.Overall the best hunting game ive ever played.  Definitely worth the purchase."
76561198022487438,Recommended,518790,35196968,Posted: 24 September,all,boutan2004,"love it. multiplayer is getting better, would like to see a mic option(idk if thats the game or steam). purchasing weapons is way overpriced. but doesnt take away from the fun. I look forward to seeing new dlc and updates.Graphics are amazing. Maps are huge. You will get lost.I would say it would take you about 5 real hours to walk north to south on a single map. There are two maps.Deff the best hunting game ever made to date. Amazing how far theyve come since deer hunter 1."
,Recommended,518790,35175192,Posted: 24 September,all,Bunnings Snags,Best game ever :))))but there are small problems please fix!
76561198008955754,Recommended,518790,35192702,Posted: 24 September,all,Hart,"Worth it, realistic to the T. Some bugs here andthere but overall the game really is beautiful. Not for little kiddies that want♥♥♥♥♥♥to happen now. This you need to take your time and hunt"
76561197972586057,Recommended,518790,34952954,Posted: 14 September,all,badexample1568,"The hunting aspect of theHunter: CotW is a lot of fun, but I have spent hours simply walking through the GORGEOUS environments! Take the time to explore the game world; just like the real world, there are beautiful spots in some of the least expected places. The development team clearly put a lot of time and effort into the environment."
,Recommended,518790,34943148,Posted: 13 September,all,TorniQuetHD,"Awesome game!! Strangely addictive but very satisfying to play. 9/10, cant wait to see what new content is released in the coming months"
,Recommended,518790,35195107,Posted: 24 September,all,MannieWHatton,"game goes alright. Need more maps though i reckon.New guns.More updates, more people per map, more communtiy"
,Recommended,518790,34896895,Posted: 12 September,all,♛ Suicide ♛,"I dont even play hunting games, ive only been hunting a couple times in my life but this game actually gives you a feel of what its like. Sometimes in multiplayer you'll see random animals glitched and stuff but i dont mind it at all. I was really surprised by how realistic this game is, very beautiful graphics as well. If you have nothing to do or you're bored out of your mind, just play this game."
76561198331696214,Recommended,518790,35171637,Posted: 23 September,all,GuyInApartment5,"Really nice,"
,Recommended,518790,35364278,Posted: 30 September,all,CaimsPact,"I do not know where to point my complaints and what I want fixed so I will just do it here. I have a problem with antler ralle thingy where the sound is out of sync with how my caracter rattles them... >_> There thats my complaints so far with 20 hours in the game.I could complain how I have killed very few animals I suppose... But that is from what I can tell, mostly me sucking. XD I willg go back. I think a deer just called."
,Recommended,518790,35393593,Posted: 1 October,all,Five Dollar Footlongs,Not a game I thought I would ever play but its beautiful
,Recommended,518790,31516383,Posted: 2 May,all,SSgt. Veld [29ID],"Enjoyed the game for a few hours, but than bugs started to show their ugly heads, for some reason the Mission Log is completely blank now, searching for this issue showed that the only way to fix it is to restart a new career. After starting a new career in the other region, the game crashed immediately and keeps on doing so, even finishes the crash with a nice ""You need Steam to run this!"". The game itself has allot of potentional, but the game should have never come out of early access in this stage, it's way too buggy and still has too many glitches (animals getting stuck, tracking an animal that eventually seems to vanish into thin air). And the optimization is also not great, i might not have a new pc, but i can run Battlefield 1 on a mix of High and Ultra, i can barely keep it in the 50's in this game on High after tweaking the video options. And all you do is just walk in a level with nothing happening beside some animals walking around.And the game suffers from something that is a personal hatred of mine in videogames, is that everything needs to be unlocked by experience, i really cannot use a different type of ammo just cause i didnt shoot enough deers? I need this much experience to use a ancient rifle?The DLC that got people riled up, i can understand people are upset about it, the developer promised that you would buy this game and no microtransactions would become available unlike in the previous Hunter game. But now a simple tent and ground blind are DLC, thats not cool at all. A tent is standard equipment for hunters!At the current state, i don't recommend this game. Wait for it to be patched up or if you are really interested, when its for sale below 20 bucks."
,Recommended,518790,30141769,Posted: 24 February,all,nodis,give ya pc some good ol' lag
,Recommended,518790,30672591,Posted: 22 March,all,Soviet Bear,Awesome game! Great graphics and realistic feel. Devs need to add waterfowl and avian hunting. That would make this game perfect
,Not Recommended,518790,30532715,Posted: 15 March,all,Jacket,"Don't get me wrong, the game isn't really bad, but its just straight up boring, sometimes you'll be tracking an animal for a while and as soon as you get eyes on it, they ♥♥♥♥ing flee. Even if you were crouched and making no noise or being visible at all. Also the creators of the game expect you to keep quiet and stay low 24/7, which is pretty logical, but the crouch movement speed is slower than a crippled snail, so 90 percent of the time you're just gonna say ""♥♥♥♥ it."" and sprint through a patch of leaves, and boom, 300 deer run off. The game also needs a lot more optimization, running a 1050ti and I'm having a hard time running meduim settings. The game does look great on Ultra though, that is if I want to bear having 28 FPS."
76561197996858766,Recommended,518790,30112187,Posted: 22 February,all,Sixx_String,"If you liked theHunter Classic then you will, for the most part, like this game. The sound design is great (with the exception of animals and players walking through brush. It just sounds off). The graphics are top notch. The game could use some performance tweaks. My FPS seems to be all over the place with an I7-4790k and a GTX 970. However the two biggest issues with the game are by far the Animal AI and the UI. The AI us buggy as hell at times and the UI could really use some work(You cant even back out to the main menu if you want to join a MP game. You have to restart the whole game. Why?!.The game is fun and has potential but it needs a little work"
76561198014098572,Recommended,518790,30253968,Posted: 28 February,all,OldM8Dave,Amazing is all i can say i love hunting and this game is prety close to the real deal. the graphics are 10/10 and the ambient noises are spot on. Definatly putting a few hours into this game
76561198150964643,Recommended,518790,30455177,Posted: 11 March,all,Jordan Vroon,little slow but stil really fun would recommend for future updates
,Recommended,518790,29964183,Posted: 16 February,all,Simon1279™,"Well under my point of view this game is better than the old dear theHunter, i like the idea of tracking your prey directly form the ground instead of using the huntermate, graphics are good (at least a little bit of additional AA filtering could be very appreciated), the 3d models of the animals and their animations looks great.This is the best hunting simulator on the market right now"
,Recommended,518790,30264138,Posted: 1 March,all,SPLICER,"game keeps crashing on start up and sometimes it wont but most times it will, and my pc meets minimum requirments very easily, what can i do?"
76561198219694508,Recommended,518790,30251482,Posted: 28 February,all,pj_collins,I have used all my original ammo how do i get more?
,Recommended,518790,30092725,Posted: 21 February,all,Mr. Booby-Buyer,I can only recommend purchasing this game if youre into hunting.  The graphics are astounding. I've had the game CTD a few times in four hours of play. ALT Tabbing is fundamentally broken ATM.  With some TLC this game shine. It has potential to be the BEST hunting game EVER made.
76561198031927084,Not Recommended,518790,33870912,Posted: 28 July,all,petehandsome,"great game, slow progression"
76561197980809375,Not Recommended,518790,30335985,Posted: 5 March,all,Wonkeli,"Absolutely beautiful game, but it just isn't ready yet.Bought it yesterday and started hunting, killed 2 deer in 90 minutes, both were stuck walking into trees :/This game will most likely be very good later on if they continue fixing it, atm absolutely not worth the money thou :(And that's a god damn shame :/"
76561198004113359,Recommended,518790,32964627,Posted: 28 June,all,Kjelle2K,"i love this game, even tho it has alot more to offer, much bugg with sound etc, and a headshot doesnt down an animal. + their are too few animals to hunt! put in more and fix the sound buggs and this is a 8/10 game, so far i will rate this at 6-7/10. so far they have uppdated the game every single day if im not correct, Keep it up!!!"
76561198087167745,Recommended,518790,33345424,Posted: 7 July,all,NotImportant,This is the type of game that I am able to sit down for hours and just get lost in. in is relaxing and fun to play. 10/10
,Recommended,518790,32896320,Posted: 27 June,all,Bumper,"This is a refreshing break from twitch shooters.  Graphics, audio and effects are all amazing.  There definitely are bugs here, and the developers seem to be working on them as they come up.  Active community, and best hunting game on steam right now.  If you like sniping and want to try a more relaxed pace that is challenging and still gets your adrenalin going when you aim down the sights, it is worth a look.  DLC are good and at this stage pretty reasonably priced. A bit annoyed that they don't have save points exactly where you are hunting and you have to travel again unless you have an outpost tent DLC though - that is core game functionality...   That and paying to rest.  Nitpicking though, I hope they keep refining this over the next few years."
,Recommended,518790,32968269,Posted: 28 June,all,cjM,10/10 would hunt a blackbear again
,Recommended,518790,33268839,Posted: 5 July,all,Prospero,"Took a gamble with this and absolutely loved it, an alternative sniping game with great mechanics, gorgeous graphics and just fun. The challenges means that this is one I'll constantly come back to."
,Recommended,518790,33767118,Posted: 24 July,all,Eleven,"First things first, the graphics in this game are amazing, I got this game just to ""experiment"". I honestly didn't ever think I was going to like it. It's a bit confusing starting out as the game doesn't have a ""real"" tutorial so you have to watch guides, you kind of have to work thing out by yourself. The information in the introduction is very vague. Even though I only have very little hours on this game, I can tell it will be one of my most played games in a couple of months.This game includes 100% patience, you're not going to even get close to an animal if you're sprinting around like a lunatic, you have to be very quiet and gentle, then go for the shot. If you're into violent blood bath sort of games, this is not for you. This is a relaxing game which has a mix of stratergy to hunt an animal.This is a new game so it does have some bugs and issues with physics but still pretty good for a new game, I have not seen any major ones so far.Overall:Graphics: 10/10Simulation: 9/10Entertaining: 9/10Visible Bugs: 6/10Physics: 8/10Worth $30: Yes,Fun: 10/10Relaxing: 9/10Overall Score: 87%"
76561198067697636,Recommended,518790,33397410,Posted: 9 July,all,Dim67,"Beautiful hunting game that's hit and missThere are a very games that manage to recreate the beauty and complexity of nature as well as TheHunter Call of the Wild. Games like Farcry, Tombraider, Ghost Recon come to mind with each their own style. But for me CotW captures more than pretty graphics; and that is feeling. A sense of immersion, of actually being there. A sense of lonelyness. The lighting, the amazing colors of the leaves on the trees, the reflection of a waterpuddle, the heatshimmer over a cornfield, the swaying of trees and bushes in the wind, the distant overhead humm of an airplane. The game also manages to create a sense of curiosity: ""I wonder whats over that ridge. Or behind that bend in the road. Whats over there by that water?"" All this is very well done and thought out.But at the same time the game also has some major flaws in that same design: while the re-use of the same type of trees, bushes, rocks and grass is not that bothersome and still manages to create a beautiful environment, the re-use of the exact same models for outposts, lookout towers, abandoned barns and hiking shacks soon becomes a distracting annoyance. These locations where you can re-stock your supplies and buy new items or rest to advance the time, are very static and feel very empty. Some of those locations offer even no interaction at all.The hunting mechanic is very well done, with realistic animal behavior and animations and your presence in the environment accurately impacts how the wildlife reacts.There are a few options in the menu that allow you to adjust what is visible in the HUD, such as blue outlines around spotted animals for example, but its still hard to find a good middlepoint between Arcade and hardcore simulator. There are too few adjustible options in my opinion.The mission-system is also not very strong in this game. There is a somewhat decent storyline to guide players towards new areas to explore and animals to hunt, but some of the missions are tedious or outright annoying. The ""take a photo of two bears"" type missions can be a serious headache and being sent out to down a red fox with a bow, way before the player is able to unlock the small animal Caller is very frustrating.The slow pace of the game unfortunately soon becomes a grind. Prices in the shop for equipment and ammunition are outrageous and earning experience points for Skills and Perks takes forever. Some of those skills or perks have minimal or no impact on actual gameplay which is not very rewarding.The game is still actively being developed with new patches or DLC very few weeks or so. The fact that some items like an ATV and tents and blinds that should have been part of the base game were added in as a paid DLC, and that sit not very well with the majority of players.These patches are desperately needed because the game still has a ton of bugs like graphic glitches, sounds cutting out, missing items from the gameworld or inventory, wildlife spawn issues etc. etc. Eventhough the game is playable the buglist is huge.But all in all this is a very enjoyable and pretty virtual world to walk around in. I hope the developers focus on what needs to be fixed in the current game, before adding any new stuff."
,Recommended,518790,33160272,Posted: 2 July,all,-=[RK]=- MGMonkey,"Huge map, lots to explore and the DLC that includes the ATVs speeds the exploration up quite a bit. Overall a good purchase on the steam sale."
,Recommended,518790,30309862,Posted: 4 March,all,numbat,"Good fun game if you're looking for a relatively realistic hunting sim. I bought it on sale, and definitely worth the money."
76561198031560299,Recommended,518790,30270460,Posted: 1 March,all,shawz0311,"Good game, worth teh pricetag, hopefully we get some new DLC regions."
76561198016003921,Recommended,518790,30261572,Posted: 1 March,all,Fruitcake Gary,"I truly LOVE this game. like really love it. But it's more like a love hate relationship. See, i go for a hunt. And have the best time in any hunting (or even shooting) game ever. But then, it crashes. And i could'nt harvest my last hunt. This is very very very very dissapointing. However, besides the crahes, still my favorite game released in the last year! Can't wait for more updates!"
76561198075190004,Recommended,518790,30522005,Posted: 15 March,all,funkelation,"10/10 would walk 500 miles through a forest shooting wildly at deer and such again.  But for real this is one of prettiest games I’ve ever played, amazing environment and probably the closest you’ll get to actually stalking animals through the wild...But a dirt bike, 4x4 or more quick travel spots would be a great addition to this game, takes so long to get anywhere and also the lack of human AIs makes for a strange experience after a while. Feels like hunting in a radiation exclusion zone.The menu system is also clunky and buggy but usable.Looking forward and hoping for DLC. (dinosaurs, mega fauna or) it would be a shame to see such a great looking game not taken further, hint hint."
76561198170206862,Recommended,518790,30282414,Posted: 2 March,all,Hoss,"Should be an early access game. Lots of unfinished descriptions on weapons. Unbalanced stats on tools and weapons. Broken hitboxes and bullet clipping (Shot a deer point blank in the heart, said I got his spine). Missing ""Return to main menu"" button (Lol?). Optimization needs some tuning. Ai needs some touch ups. But after all that, the game looks pretty in ultra, it has great potential, no micro-transactions, my entire map has become purple, get destroyed by three bears at once and can become robbin hood with my trusty bow. I suggest faster ways of getting around such as an atv or pick-up. Im sure devs are already on that. But overall I see great potential in this game."
76561198010754458,Recommended,518790,30264545,Posted: 1 March,all,gabbs,"This Game is FANTASTIC no crashes Great Graphics and Audio. Gameplay is what it says on the Tin. An outdoor hunting simulation. You get a Rifle and gadgets to Aid your hunting. Lots of Walking and Stalking. As far as Machine needed I agree with other reviewers you Need a GOOD PC to run this game well. That is to get the best out of it.The Gameplay is slow, so some people complain about that. But if you have hunted for real you will no it takes time to bag Game. You need patience and patience and YES MORE PATIENCE."
76561197963279531,Not Recommended,518790,33105100,Posted: 1 July,all,AH-Chiron,"The pricing in the game for items is just dumb.  It's a slow play game, you don't need a money sink.  32000 for a weapon?  seriously guys - who dreams up this♥♥♥♥♥♥  Well and since Steam won't let me abstain from either a yes or no on whether I'd recommend it, sadly they forced me to stay no."
76561197979871489,Recommended,518790,33558529,Posted: 15 July,all,Package_007,"Over 60 hours of play this game rocks a must have open world huge!!!!!Must have the 4 Wheeler add on to get to and from hunting areas.Now they need to have duck, goose, pheasant just like the orignal Huntereven if you have to earn it hunting or add on package that is affordable."
76561197977028363,Recommended,518790,34116006,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr.T,"Graphics are beautiful, I find myself not even hunting half the time I play this game. Just hearing the sounds of the grass breaking underneath you and the familiar bird calls were enough to make me get alittle emotional. Any game that can bring back childhood memories is too good for a rating. A VR version of this game would do wonders for the world.Thank you."
,Not Recommended,518790,34323394,Posted: 18 August,all,Milamber,"Don't buy ANY DLC content, tents disappearing over time, even after patch notes indicate it has been fixed.  Check forums for confirmation."
,Recommended,518790,29974904,Posted: 16 February,all,TheFluffyOne,"I give this game a 8/10 the game looks and plays amazing and coming from a real Outdoorsmen it's pretty realistic ( ive played it for 2 hours no crash or bugs)  only thing it needs is placeable items ( Tree Stand, feeders, decoys etc and it will be 10/10"
76561198035391503,Recommended,518790,34189923,Posted: 12 August,all,lagrie,"TheHunter : Call of the WildI bought this cause of the sale. Not really knowing what i was getting into.I did search some gameplay video's, but was sceptical.And boy, i was wrong. The game plays great. The sound of nature when you traverse the woods.The Trill you have when spotting a certain animal. Taking a deep breath, and then.... shoot.The graphics are breath taking. The foliage moves when you pass it. The leaves fall when you walk underneath a tree.The amount of detail put into the game is mind blowing.The game is as amazing to relax as it is to feel the trill of a hunt.i'm glad i tried it. i will surely put more hours into this game.Sorry for the bad english.Enjoy the Hunt !"
76561198366158958,Not Recommended,518790,31036193,Posted: 9 April,all,dHunter,"Hey,I bought this on the first days, but still have many issues.I have an Asus ROG PC, but the sounds is awfully buggy.There is no voice for my steps, crouching nor running. Sometimes the voice comes back for 1-2 min, then muted again.The same problem apply to the callers too.Also this is the first game where I needed to manually configure same setting on my graphic card, else the whole graphic were blocky.So those who would like to play with a bug and annoyance-free game, still have to wait for a few more patches, othervise it could be a great game. I'm still playing with theHunter Classic instead. That works.Other game designers would call it Beta, I guess. Because all this issues giv a negative feedback, which will be valid until the games come to a better shape."
76561198013653056,Not Recommended,518790,34179350,Posted: 11 August,all,wolfymee,"Very disappointed in this game, very laggy even on the lowest settings. my computer is well above the recommened levels but the game just doesnt run well."
76561198116421290,Recommended,518790,34152059,Posted: 10 August,all,Damian 🍑,"Good game. Atmosphere is good. Graphics are  awesome. Quests are fun. Tracking is fun. The multiplayer is wank. Sound seems weird, could just be my headset tho. Overall, I think it's worth the money :)"
,Not Recommended,518790,34175980,Posted: 11 August,all,DUHH HERRO?,the game looks nice but there is noot mutch to do it's the same thing track animals and kill them and there is a multiplayer and it works now but it's the same thing there track and kill but there is diffrent worlds and diffrent animals but if you like nature then this is the game för you but if you dont like to track and kill all the time dont buy the game
76561198120282327,Not Recommended,518790,31052314,Posted: 9 April,all,Unknown,This is still kinda early access imo. So many glitches and losing character saves. I love TheHunter but I suggest not playing it or EVEN buying it just yet. Let them update it and keep an eye on it. CO-OP is kinda a joke in its current build. Please keep in mind this review is for those who like me are quick to buying a game.
,Not Recommended,518790,31778494,Posted: 15 May,all,Danjojopojo,Game wasnt for me. Beautiful scenery but the game was extremely slow I couldnt get into it. Played a lot of Big Game Hunter when I was younger and was hoping for a fast paced hunting game like it.In the end I refunded the game thats how slow it felt.
76561198033081157,Recommended,518790,29976671,Posted: 16 February,all,MightBeAJ,"This is for anyone who has yet to purchase TheHunter: Call of the Wild.So far I have clocked in over 10 hours + playing TheHunter and from what I have seen so far the game has a lot of good, bad, and broken in it.Bad points:-The menu doesn’t work half the time, doing something as simple as switching weapons can take me 10-15 min’s just trying to get it to work sometimes.-Frame rate drops from time to time.(I have a higher end PC)-Animals get stuck all the time, in my 10+ hours it has happened more than a few times.One time I wiped out an entire herd, just walked up to them and popped them all one at a time.-Can fall quite a distance with taking minimal damage, but fall a few inches next to a rock and you die?-The sound the game makes when you brush up against… brush doesn’t sound right to me. When I walk through brush I turn around time after time because it sounds like it's off in the distance and not me making the noise. Might just be me though but drove me nuts!-The most success I had hunting was running through the forest, not sneaking. It is still way more realistic than other hunting games, but I shouldn’t be able to jog up a road and drop 5 animals.-Do not try to switch keybindings or you might get stuck for a bit. If you already messed with the shoot button just scroll down to the bottom and reset everything and don’t touch it until patches fix that monstrosity.-Few crashes throughout the day.-Sound sometimes cuts in and out, usually when it’s raining.-Camo does nothing...The GOOD!-Graphics Look AMAZING, game does need to be optimized a bit though.-It feels like a new game but does keep a lot of the core components of the original game, If you played TheHunter Classic you will feel at home with this game.-MASSIVE BEAUTIFUL world.-I am satisfied every time I pull the trigger, and the animal animations are awesome.(when they aren’t stuck running in place from a rock,tree, or one foot hill)The game has a lot wrong with it right now, I have no doubt that the game was rushed out. A lot of the problems seem like they could be quick fixes, but these problems should have NOT been in the release. And testing for more than an hour or two would have pinpointed the problems easily. But with all of that the game is still great, I have enjoyed spending the whole day on the game and haven’t felt bored. So for a new buyer I would have to say hold off until they fix a few of the bugs. The game is not unplayable by any means but I feel like some standards need to be held, especially for a $30 game."
,Recommended,518790,30094122,Posted: 21 February,all,Graham,"It's close. It's a game that they poured their souls into and built beautifully, but the publisher pushed the game out about a month or two early. There are some annoying bugs and the game needs more polish before I'll be happy with my purchase, but this game is incrediably fun, immersive and beautiful."
,Not Recommended,518790,31228515,Posted: 18 April,all,Exutus,"Bought this game for my bro, he's got a monster PC, and the game won't launch. I'd stay away if you're using Windows 8, seems like that's where the issue lays. Beautiful game, but ♥♥♥♥ off devs for not fixing your ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198055646774,Recommended,518790,32887203,Posted: 27 June,all,barnz401,Great game. Would be a lot better if they added gun stats such as bullet drop
,Recommended,518790,33035787,Posted: 30 June,all,PoloDef,"There are alot of opinions on the varous gameplay elements overall...However, this game has the best living, breathing forest of any game ever made.10/10 would get lost in it again."
,Recommended,518790,32913431,Posted: 27 June,all,Endless,"This game is epic. Realistic and the environment is beautiful. Only things can be better when animals are more relastic in a apperance way and in animation too. Apart from this, game is 9/10."
,Not Recommended,518790,30347385,Posted: 5 March,all,...jhN,Have some potentional but is way too broken as of now. This should be a early access game.
76561198293873869,Recommended,518790,30301074,Posted: 3 March,all,Explodingcolon,"anyone else experience terrible lag while tracking?????????????? first experienced it last night . wasnt adressed in todays update..love the game love the visuals, tons of potential.address the lag asap makes it unbearable"
76561198068087568,Recommended,518790,34118274,Posted: 8 August,all,SweetJeebs,Yeah I mean its pretty good I guess.
76561198006652018,Recommended,518790,34118518,Posted: 8 August,all,whitflame,Best hunting game out there !!
,Recommended,518790,29968212,Posted: 16 February,all,Cliff,"I'm only about two hours into the game, but initial impressions are very positive.The Good:Graphics are lovely, foliage density, lighting, weather--it's all on point.  I have brought my binoculars up multiple times checking if that movement in the distance is an animal, only to find a blowing branch or moving shadows. This really added to the immersiveness for me.  Branches and grass bend as you stalk past.Playing the game with maxed settings (albeit at 1080p) with a constant 65fps, optimization seems solid, CPU/GPU temps both stayed well within reason.  intel i5 3.4GHz / gtx 980Sound is on point as well, highly directional, underbrush crunches, animals chirp, hoot, hollar and otherwise immerse you in the living environment.Core gameplay is solid.  Tracking, stalking, and shooting make for a fun formula.  I like that the hunting help (glowing tracks, directional assistance) are customizable, letting you play at the level of attention-to-detail you desire.  There seem to be plenty of progression options: weapon choices, different scopes, lures, binoculars; as well as a leveling skill/perk system.  And yet, the starting rifle feels plenty suitable for the game i've encountered thus far, so I don't feel rushed to level or worry about that stuff yet.The Bad:As some of the other reviews mentioned, the menu controls are kinda strange at times.  Either they occasionally hang so that you can't back out entirely, or there is some element of the selection that is somewhat tricky/unclear.  It hasn't caused me any major setbacks as a combination of escape and selecting the settings menu has allowed me to resume each time.There don't seem to be many 'visual' character customization options.  Character presets  are pretty limited as are outfits.  This doesn't matter to me right now, but may become more important when I try out the multiplayer gameplay options.The To Be Continued:Haven't tried the multiplayer.  As that is the primary reason I was anticipating this game, I will have to update once I've had a chance to do so."
,Not Recommended,518790,29997350,Posted: 17 February,all,zd3x,"First of all, game has potential but there are a lot of unfinished things.When i tryed it for the first time i tought it was Beta!.Full of glitches, cant acces inventory,animals have bulletproof vests(9 shots to kill a little roe deer), i can hear friend jumping in multiplayer and hes over kilometer away,animals dont spook,i shot deer in lungs perfectly steady and after i colected it, it said hip shot wtf, graphics are not nearly the same as in trailers (i play it on ultra), trees look like ones in hunter classic, i really dont know why recommended settings are i7 and 4g graphics card for that, i think game needs at least 7-8GB update like another game to fix this, a lot of things great were expected from this but it went from hero to 0.I hope all this problems will be fixed in near future, meanwhile ill be playing classic :)"
,Recommended,518790,30022571,Posted: 18 February,all,Xertue,"Nice hunting game with nice sounds and graphics, you can feel the nature, but it has many bugs. I hope they will fix'em all."
,Recommended,518790,30022791,Posted: 18 February,all,-[BK]-Codered453,"This game is a big step up from the theHunter Classic. First off you only need to pay once for the game, no other fees. Graphics are amazing, lots of details with the grass, water, and other things. Sounds are pretty on point and the timing of where you are and the noise level are pretty amazing. You still have a hunter score or leveling system(whatever you call it).This game also has some bad traits but, nothing that should turn away a person from playing this amazing game. Optimizing needs some work. I have an ok gaming pc, for example I can play Gta 5 online on high settings and do about 60 - 80 fps. This game I can only run on low settings and get about 20 - 35 fps. Animals do get stuck sometimes like on rocks on the side of a hill which gives the player a huge chance at getting the animals. The good news is all the downsides are pretty simple changes if they decide to do them. Another con is that when you shoot the weapon with the scope on, it will glitch out and you will have to re-aim which means if you got a bad shot on the animal then your probly gonna be tracking it for a while unless your fast and re-aiming and shooting the target. I still recommend the game because the experience is like no other game out there. Animal movements are pretty realistic and cool to see in a game. For $30 I recommend this game and this game just released, so many changes are going to happen. Keep that in mind!"
76561198074826048,Recommended,518790,30057904,Posted: 20 February,all,Greymane,Good fun! Even more so with friends!
,Recommended,518790,30097374,Posted: 22 February,all,RobertWasHere,"theHunter Call of The Wild is a great game. It's beautiful and has a lot to offer. Hunting seems to be much more improved in this game than the previous hunter and it's nice that you don't have to pay monthly to hunt where you want and what you want. Although it's very hard to ignore the obvious bugs in the game. Sometimes your game will crash, FPS drops aren't common but they happen, your mission progress will get stuck and force you to restart your save, scope glitches when you fire making it difficult to track a animal after you shot, animals will sometimes get stuck, and tracks can completetly disappear forcing you to restart the game. The game is a lot of fun and has a lot of potential. Most definitetly a step up from the previous game. Much more improved mechhanics and several new weapons as well. If you're able to withstand the crashes and bugs this game has then I would definitetly say buy it especially if you're a fan of the previous game. When the game works as intended it's a blast to play and I don't regret buying it at all. Hopefully the devs keep to this game and don't abandon it like they did with theHunter Primal."
,Recommended,518790,29965503,Posted: 16 February,all,CapitalistNick,"As a huge fan of theHunter: Classic I picked this game up. After playing it for two house so far I can say I recommend this game to anyone! The optimization is not the best. I run this game with mostly everything on and ultra (some is on medium and I turned off some settings) and get about 60-80 fps. If you liked theHunter classic but did not want to pay for a membership, pick this game up it's only thirty USD. This game is beautiful and realistic. If you are any kind of hunter enthusiast then just give this game a try.. They will fix their bugs and soon the game will be more of an amazing expierence."
76561198012531579,Recommended,518790,29972837,Posted: 16 February,all,Yaan,"I have spent 3 hours so far in it. With Xeon 1241v3 16gb ram and gtx 1060 it runs smooth on ultra, except shadows and aa on high. If u want more arcady feel, buy it. I am happy with game. Yes it is not polished and has plenty of bugs but for me it is fun. Far more speedy than prevous hunter game and much better than any Cabella ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.If u ask me it is worth 29€."
,Not Recommended,518790,30009312,Posted: 18 February,all,TwenyTu,"Could honestly go for a open alpha game. very beautifull in my opinion. but the gameplay elements in multiplayer is killing me. am not able to discover points to fast travel to, and the fact that you can only exit game to desktop is dumb..."
76561197970792607,Recommended,518790,30026507,Posted: 18 February,all,Warmoer,"The scenery in this game is stunning. For the most part (release version), the game works and runs very well, and it is a great hunting game. There a some bugs that probably should not have made it past the beta stage, and I am sure the developers will fix these if they want the game to succeed. The GUI is functional, but not the greatest.Is it a bad game? No at all; a lot of effort went in the environment.Is it a great game? Not yet. It certainly has the potential, but there are some mechanics that needs to be looked it.Is this game for everyone? Hunting games are not for everyone, but if that is your thing there is no harm in picking this one up. It offers a great experience out of the ""box"".For people that expect a flawless release in every game they buy, maybe hold off for a few weeks until the devs plug the bigger holes."
76561198073233925,Recommended,518790,30029451,Posted: 19 February,all,stephnx,"The game is absolutely gorges! Works like a charm!I don't understand why people are complaining so much.I admit I had one crash at the beginning of the game when I tried to access the Settings menu, but after I shot my first animal the menu worked just fine every time, no crashes at all!All the buttons which I tried worked.I also have some ambient sound problems for a couple of minutes if I'm going back and forth from the map, but other than that the game is very nice, very enjoyable, animal AI is really really well made, sound are great, environment is the best, night time is scary and beautiful.All in I vote a big YES to this game!"
76561198122775626,Recommended,518790,29971832,Posted: 16 February,all,hoothooters,"game is beautiful, i do think its is unfinshed but so what hunter classics. its a small team so you cant get everything you want right away. i have expiernced no bugs so far. only complaint is to many animals would actually like to see less. i know this game will take a while just like the classic but so far great job guys!"
76561198106229399,Not Recommended,518790,32961909,Posted: 28 June,all,Grusey,Incomplete trash that will have it's content added as 4€ DLCs. This game lacks content and they are alrady adding something as basic as ATVs and tents only available as DLC. Also had some annoying bugs like sensitivity and sound settings resetting to default when claiming a kill.
,Not Recommended,518790,30041261,Posted: 19 February,all,Gurthy Turkey,Cant run as fast as others. always crashes and is missing key features in settings. There isnt a main menu button and needs quite a bit of work if you think im playing this again
,Recommended,518790,30047277,Posted: 19 February,all,Ph1l0z0ph3r,Great start to what can become a real gem in the hunting simulation genre. Hopefully more areas and animals are on their way.
,Not Recommended,518790,30123154,Posted: 23 February,all,[RIP] Creation,"TLDR:The game is playable and enjoyable but riddled with bugs so much so you might mistake this game for an early access rather than an actual game release. The gameplay itself is simple but even then the AI of the animals is lacking in so many ways with pathfinding issues. I'd say that in my 300 ""harvests"" of animals that around 1/3 of those were from ""bugged animals"" which were either standing still, running in place or stuck on the terrain. I didnt buy a hunting game only to be shooting fish in a barrel.Running the game on Max settings GTX 1080 i7-6500 3.4Ghz 16gig RAM rig runs the game perfectly, suffer from random audio crashes that have yet to be fixed despite many people suffering from it.Single player missions are a joke, often asking you to take a picture of a deer but the quest itself is bugged and no amount of pictures or the distance you are to the deer will make a difference.With the latest patch the developers essentially ripped away whatever progression system the game has, the idea is that you hunt animals and gain EXP, weapon experience and money. The developers have made it possible to essentially have end game gear within hours of playing by drastically reducing the amouint of experience needed to unlock these weapons (seriously i'd say they reduced the amount needed by about 80%). So now i have the end game weapons and can kill animals easily from an enormous distance so now what? I could go ahead and try and hunt the biggest trophies in the game for the bragging rights on the global leaderboards like in theHunter classic? WRONG. There is a leaderboards amongst your friend list but thats it and even then it isnt even working right now and doesnt update itself often.The game is nothing like a hunting game, if you think you are going to be sneaking up on groups of animals, picking out the biggest trophy and taking it down then think again! The game as it is punishes players who just hunt for trophies as far as progression is concerned. It's actually more beneficial for to kill every animal you see no matter what size or gender than going for a trophy, the difference in rewards between a trophy and a crappy female deer is tiny, maybe a third less money and EXP, the game doesnt even punish you for killing an animal with the wrong weapon nor does it punish you for failing to track a wounded animal down and finishing it off. so it gets to a point where you just shoot an animal and if you find that its barely wounded your better off just leaving it and finding some other animal to shoot at.If the developers want this game to last longer than a few months then they really need to make some major changes to this game, which is a shame because it could be a very good game once they fixed all the bugs and actually made it feel like you were hunting rather than playing some arcade shoot em up with deers instead of zombies.WIll change this review once game becomes more playable but if anyone is reading this right now please save your money for now, watch this game and keep an eye on its updates and maybe even catch it in a steam sale a few months down the line."
,Recommended,518790,30273954,Posted: 1 March,all,B/T |Kaine,"Nice hunting game but game is poorly optimised.When you're playing with someone his character movement is a bit weird so that needs more attention from developers.Alot of bugs are present inside the game like animals stuck in trees or running but not moving, that was weird.Patience is important, if you are not a patient person you will not continue playing this game.Sounds in this game are wonderful and realistic.I loved it but I think it needs more development, it feels like an early access game..."
,Not Recommended,518790,31720748,Posted: 13 May,all,[6thAL.H] Ogge,Back too the classic
76561198062355040,Recommended,518790,35256646,Posted: 28 September,all,WoBear,The only problem is......... Africa!!! lets go hunt some Dugga Boys !!!!!! next map Tanzania ??? !!!I have +20years hunting experiance this game is un belivable !!!!I never thought a Simulater could even come close to my beloved huntingThank you to the devs!!!Couple years back i hunted in Europe with my late father brought back goodmemories even got out the old photo album!
76561198117150663,Not Recommended,518790,31719810,Posted: 13 May,all,Krampus,not good no buy
76561198031568986,Recommended,518790,30066019,Posted: 20 February,all,EddystoneM17,"The best deer hunting game I have ever played.....Period.As close to actuall hunting as a pc game can get.The large fallow always seem to be hiding in the bush behind all the other does,just like in the real world.In haven't seen a monster yet,but hear them.The fallow grunt in this game cranks.PRO's= Excellent graphics,sound,terrain,weapons,perks,SHEDS YOU CAN FIND BLOODY SHEDS!!!!!!!!! I'd have been happy with a shed hunting simulator,so this was the icing on the cake.Cons= NONE.Bug free bliss now days.Sometimes when flicking my scroll wheel on the mouse realy fast my scope disapears,so I put it back on.Sometimes callers have no sound.But that can be a nice change from hearing them.If you wound a fallow,and run after it of a night,DON'T blame the AI if it runs off a large cliff,just suck it up and laugh,then go and collect.System i5 6600kGTX1070Everything ULTRA,as high as I can make it.My system doesn't break a sweat and I'm thinking of going 2k for it when monitors in that range drop in price.I cannot say enough good things about this game.If you remember Deer Hunter 2005 (and all before it), GET YOURSELF THIS AS THE TRUE UPDATE TO A DEER HUNTING SIM/GAME.No cabela's sh$t here.UPDATE 30/09/17THE BEST HUNTING GAME ON THE PLANET BAR NONE!!"
76561198004540126,Recommended,518790,30026751,Posted: 18 February,all,Illithid,Game looks Great and Ive had a lot of fun so far. I like the progession where you get skill points and money to buy gear.Hate the hunter classic pay model and this is way better. They do need a rack/trophy system as it is now the racks seem to be all the same without any difference between animals or each side. Seems to me people arent giving it a chance.. low game time and then bad review. Try playing it for a while. It is not the same as the hunter classic but then again the hunter classic progressed over years so to expect this game to be the same is just not right. The new engine is WAY better then classic. You can spot animals further out and tracking is good. I like how the grass lays down where you and the animals walk and the wind and weather is cool. If you played the classic and liked spotting animals in the wide open grass field because the engine couldnt hadle it and then walk up and kill everything without a challenge then go pay to play classic. I find this one so much more realistic. harder to spot animals and they spook at a further range making you actually stalk and come up with  a plan. You have to look at your surroundings and realize the area your in may not be a good spot due to limited view or bushes. not everywhere is a good spot like classic. JMO If you have a decent computer then its good. Ive had a couple of crashes on start up but never in game.
,Recommended,518790,35209716,Posted: 25 September,all,logan,"A one time purchase with optional DLC, which is also inexpensive. Much better gameplay, AI, and atmosphere, making it the best hunting game I have ever played. This is much better than it's predecessor, TheHunter Classic."
76561198078529361,Recommended,518790,35163174,Posted: 23 September,all,Drabon,"A one time purchase with optional DLC, which is also inexpensive. Much better gameplay, AI, and atmosphere, making it the best hunting game I have ever played. This is much better than it's predecessor, TheHunter Classic."
76561198077650799,Recommended,518790,31390985,Posted: 27 April,all,Qaz12,"I can't stop playing this game lol.  I hunt in real life.  Love hunting.  I also love gaming.  I've never played a different hunting game because they all looked bad, or had something I didnt like about them.   This game is very realistic.  The immersion is incredible.   There is plenty of content in this game for $30.    Hell I'd even pay for new lands and animals to hunt, & I'm not the type to buy dlc.If you're into any type of stealth games, get it. Worth it.9/10"
76561198027057922,Not Recommended,518790,30690872,Posted: 23 March,all,NeoTheLizard,"This is a game in which changing from one map to another in singleplayer requires you to delete -ALL- character skills, leveling, bought items, discoveries. Essentially any and all progress made throughout God knows how many hours. This was 29 hours of unlocking that I need to do all over again. I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not. Why, Expansive Worlds, why?For as many good things can be said about Call of the Wild, something seems to have gone awfully wrong throughout development for it to have this sort of inexcusable disregard for basic functionality. Keep in mind that this is a game that features fairly complex stealth systems, somewhat complex animal AI, and so on, yet needs months worth of patches to get an ""Exit to menu"" button, which still hasn't been implemented,-in which debug menus show up for a split second when clicking on at least one of the buttons in the main menu,-in which animal call markers sometimes appear and sometimes not for no apparent reason,-in which there are no search filters, password protection or direct connecting in the server browser,-in which most menus are a pain to navigate due to poor design choices,-in which one ammunition stack always weighs the same regardless of its size,-in which there are red dot sights for shotguns mentioned in one of the skill menus despite the fact that there are no available red dot sights for shotguns and other discrepancies in the information provided to the player,-in which you can't buy more than 1 unit of ammunition at a time,-in which you can buy a seemingly infinite supply of the one ammo type that's free,-in which you can't interact with any of the unlockable hunting towers or land marks in a game you didn't host,-in which there at least weren't any animations for simultaneously walking and using animal calls the last time I checkedand yeah, I just discovered that unlike its predecessor your character info isn't tied into your account or anything, but into the singleplayer match you need to start the first time playing. And since there are two areas to choose from, you'd better host a multiplayer match if you want to play the other map because you otherwise need to wipe your only save slot, because why not? Keep in mind that it probably takes weeks or months of playing in order to unlock the later skills, perks, and equipment, so why does the save system work in such an awful way?Somehow, this is a recurring problem with Expansive World's games. There's always some insanely basic stuff that doesn't work or works in some astonishingly awkward ways that defies long-established conventions for no reason whatsoever. Having fun with this is task which currently demands a very high level of patience and tolerance for severely lacking functionality and polish, and I really, really don't understand how this trend can continue to persist within the games of a developer I'd think was experienced enough to make a keybinding menu that wouldn't completely break the control scheme if tampered with. This was fixed in an earlier patch, but yes, it was something that happened too. Call of the Wild is not a bad game if measured purely by its intended design, but this sort of garbage persisting is inexcusable and by now i feel pretty bad about supporting it in the first place."
76561198207951628,Recommended,518790,33420501,Posted: 9 July,all,logan,Great game way better than Thehunter classic
76561198059121152,Recommended,518790,29974007,Posted: 16 February,all,billbaseball42,Great game so far with few bugs in single player. mulitiplayer at the moment is very buggy but with some hot fixes it should be fine.
76561198124184263,Recommended,518790,30151655,Posted: 24 February,all,Carlito,Really good game. but i preffer playing with friends for more effective hunting ;D
,Recommended,518790,30473211,Posted: 12 March,all,Paprastukas ♛,"Review of the game as it is on 2017 May 6.After few months they fixed major crashes and I can finally enjoy this game. The graphics of this game makes it really immersive. There are still bugs in the game,but in my opinion nothing major that would make it unplayable. Interesting game both in singleplayer and multiplayer, missions create more variation if you are bored of just hunting for money and xp. I think this game is stable now and if you enjoy relaxing games I definetely reccomend this one. Peace!"
76561198023564976,Recommended,518790,30862236,Posted: 31 March,all,BlingZero,"Totally addictive and beautiful game.  Slow pace wont jive for some players - huge maps, rewards patience, rpg elements with skill trees.  I'm sure will only get bigger and better with future dlc."
76561198338923491,Recommended,518790,32952507,Posted: 28 June,all,Mr.Tickles,Bag of weed + this game = sorted
,Recommended,518790,30086710,Posted: 21 February,all,makkrekel,IT is amazing the graphics the animations just the hardness of the hunting in this game... its ♥♥♥♥ing my dream game
76561197994875638,Recommended,518790,30180813,Posted: 25 February,all,Orange Chicken skinhub.com,"Coming from somebody who plays a lot of open world video games, and has spent many hours in the wilderness, this game is super A+ #1 awesome.Honestly, a few bugs and glitches here and there, but nothing game breaking and honestly is barely took away from my overall experience. This is a game I will play for hours on end and not even know time is passing.Pros: -amazing environmental graphics and sounds (Trees/overall fauna is unbelievable)- Animal AI (needs just a little tuning but otherwise captivating)- Weapon physics/bullet penetration/animal penetration- Choice in weapons/ammo- Map size and scale, super realistic- Story mode and quests!!- Real sense of progression with skill and perk leveling systemsThings they need to improve:-Effectiveness of calls/scents are too high, they don't work that well in real life-Animal pathfinding/sticking on objects-UI needs to be smoother in the shop-Needs a buck point system-Prone positioning while on uneven terrain is super clippy.All in all, they can have this game vastly improved and damn near perfect with a few key patches. I recommend getting the game NOW, because it's very playable and immersive even with these minor issues, and by the time they have the game perfect you can have a leveled up character ;-)"
76561198095544608,Recommended,518790,33595133,Posted: 16 July,all,Tschami,"A friend and I bought this more or less out of sheer boredom and a desire to do some hunting. My impression of it after a few hours is that it is a relaxing and entertaining- if something of a grindfest- walking/tracking/occasional shot-taking simulator. It's quite satisfying to drop a black bear with a spine shot, or a deer with a lungshot. The tracking can be a bit strange at times, and the items/services can get a bit expensive, but it's a fun game that allows you to explore beautiful environments with a rifle slung over your virtual shoulder."
,Recommended,518790,30426915,Posted: 10 March,all,Lorde,This game is very refundable.10/10
76561198117626543,Recommended,518790,31896586,Posted: 21 May,all,Freak13970,Game i very realistic and funStill has a few small problems to fix but all round a nice game to play alone or with friendsHopefully they will add a bigger variety of animals to hunt in a later stageI would give the game a 5/10 rating for the hunting lovers
,Recommended,518790,31903534,Posted: 22 May,all,Varieble,"Really great game, havent had any of these glitches, yet, other than the escape gui or whatever that is its pretty unresponsive sometimes and needs to be clicked multiple times to exit. But very fun game nonetheless, even when i have it on the lowest graphics settings, it still looks amazing."
,Recommended,518790,34141897,Posted: 10 August,all,Belly1husband,"The most realistic hunting simulator, but I would like to see advanced anti-aliasing settings"
76561198039363645,Not Recommended,518790,30155859,Posted: 24 February,all,Schmoopsie,Ran into so many bugs in the hour or so I played. This game definitely still belongs in early beta for how many things don't work like they should. Would be a great game after a year or so of development. But the fact that it's in full release right now leads me to think it's not going to get the dev that it needs.
,Not Recommended,518790,30334982,Posted: 5 March,all,KingXRay,"Bugs, bugs everywhere ♥"
,Not Recommended,518790,33449597,Posted: 11 July,all,Firestorm-308,lets start from the top the game is still in early access but its too glitchy its the only reason i dont like this game i would be hunting a gargantuan moose only to realize my gun glitches and ammo never works no matter what you do and your scope wont work ammo gun and scope in your invintory so you have to restart the game as in delete your progress and start over from the beggining
76561197991173463,Not Recommended,518790,30080997,Posted: 21 February,all,PriesT,Seeking that hunting game fix? TheHunter Classic is still the way to go.
,Recommended,518790,33945078,Posted: 1 August,all,LegendOf5ax,"I found out about this game from a friend, so I checked out some streams of it, ended up buying it and loving it even more.To enjoy this game to its fullest, you will need to be patient because just running around everywhere gets you nowhere...The current 2 maps are huge and look beautiful, one of the maps is in the UK and the other is in the USA, the devs have said they are working on something big which could mean they are working on a new map possibly? would be really nice to see a snowy map or even an african map.There are loads of customization options within the game including: 6 different rifles, 3 pistols, 3 bows (including DLC) and 2 shotguns. There are 2 other outfits aswell as the one you start with including: Desert and Forest Camos. There is 3 types of binoculars including: starting ones, rangefinder and a mixture of the 2. All different types of callers for different types of animals for each map.Something that the devs didn't put on to the steam store page was that you CAN use a controller to play if you prefer that style, I personally use one because I find it easier.There are quite a few optional DLC's that you can buy including: ATV's (most people will get this as they don't like walking everywhere), Tents & ground blinds can be useful if you want to stay in the same spot if your surrounded by game, the rest of the DLC is all FREE, which includes: a BOW, shooting range and different characters (male and female). At some point in the future, there should be more DLC.There is so much stuff you can do in this game, you can play how you want to play."
,Recommended,518790,30288263,Posted: 2 March,all,Dipsky,spotted deer from far away..tried to be closer with the deer..ready to shot the deer..suddenly another deer ran from behind and stomp mei died10/10
76561198017099139,Recommended,518790,30289711,Posted: 2 March,all,KILLBZ,"With hundreds and hundreds of hours in the original I was a bit skepitcal about this at first. Glad I a took the plunge.It has THE best natural landscapes in any game I have played, as well as the BEST realistic looking lighting I have ever seen in any game ever. Even the way the forest is constructed looks incredibly accurate down to the stages of plant growth and variety. Top marks for that.The animals look and move MUCH more realistically then the original game, Although I have heard reports of terrible pathfinding from the AI and have wittnessed this myself on a few occasions, The most memorable was cornering an entire heard of fallow deer in a nook in a cliff face, all the deer ran in circles I moved in and just sat there shooting at them untill I had about all 8 of them down, it was figurativly shooting fish in a barrel. Only a few times have I seen other pathfinding fails. Mostly they run into rocks and spaz out. This doesn't really bother me as it doesn't happen too often.I have only seen 2 graphical glitches both are minor and not really worth mentioning.The ONLY BUG so far to cause me trouble is with the ammuntition, It takes rifle skill points to unlock different types of ammo, I have unlocked the .270 rifle and saved up and bought it, the ammo was unlocked with the rifle But when I go to buy the ammo it still say locked and won't let me get it... the rifle cant be used without it.I am totally happy with this game and how this series is progressing, PROVIDING this minor and major bugs are fixed reasonably quickly. It also shows my need to upgrade my aging GTX780 as High settings are about as good as I can go and get reasonable framerate."
,Not Recommended,518790,30380062,Posted: 7 March,all,Deagin.msog,"Keep in mind i really enjoy this game. But i'll say you shouldn't buy it due to the current state it is in. (not everyone can accept some of the game breaking bugs)Graphics and atomosphere are top notch in the game. You can easily get immersed due to the great sounds,lighting,and overall graphicsThe gameplay itself is pretty straight forward, you have a quest or two you can do if you want but overall you're just hunting which is great.Multiplayer is a mess, if the animals are not teleporting everywhere or invulnerable, they are running into trees and rocks and getting stuck ruining the fun of hunting. Many times you cant even harvest the animals you've killed.There are many gamebreaking bugs at the moment which leave me dumbfounded. Some of these bugs that i encounter all the time are- Rifle scopes not working if you also have used a bow- Waypoints have either not worked at all or will show you two places at once on your UI/HUD (lots of times both of them aren't even the spots you picked), also you can't delete them so you have to reload to get rid of them- Tracking is pretty broken in many ways (leading you the wrong way, sometimes in a circle)- Hit reg is really janky since the new update (double lung shots sometimes give minor wounds? wtf)- Multiplayer is a messOverall i love the game but I will never tell anyone to buy it due to the state the game was released in (patches have made it worse so far)"
76561198170232787,Not Recommended,518790,31732992,Posted: 13 May,all,tylor0303,I payed $30 for this game and haven't been able to get passed the loading screen before it crashes (been trying for two weeks)
,Recommended,518790,29978747,Posted: 16 February,all,Exesto,"When i write this i have 7+ hours in this game.So far i didnt find any bug. Maybe im just licky, bet thats true, All those who ar crying that the game is full of bugs is lies. I was walked a lot. I see alot of animans and didnt see even one animan who is bugged.Also lot of players saying that the game is easy. Its not true. Actualy it wery hard. Dont listen to those who crying and not recomend the game.Me and my friends yesterday playing and having a lot of fun. And noone say the game is crap. We all think that game is fantastic."
,Recommended,518790,30426092,Posted: 10 March,all,maRcos,"pretty ♥♥♥♥ing oath mate get sniff out some dears and bears then you get to pop some dears and bears but the only let down is that there arent enough different animals and terrains, but pretty ♥♥♥♥ing top notch game might pick it back up if they continue to add more content"
76561198091232403,Recommended,518790,29972029,Posted: 16 February,all,Sassy,"So many reviews talkinabeet how broken it is, yes there are bugs but they're small. Ive had no crashes or anything. Its a good game."
76561198183861307,Recommended,518790,30020159,Posted: 18 February,all,Naked Ninja,At just over 1.5 hours i can tell you most of these negetive reviews are souly based on early release issues. The game runs great on my PC I3 6100 1050 TI and i couldnt be happier.
,Recommended,518790,30032794,Posted: 19 February,all,Garderoben™,"This is a great game, sure it has some bugs right now but they are mostly all about the UI.Game plays in 60fps for me on max settings 2560x1440p.The game totalt looks amazing the nature and the animals blends in so good. If you like hunting this is the game to go.Overall i would totaly recommend this even tho the few UI bugs i stumbled upon."
76561197972015819,Not Recommended,518790,30101365,Posted: 22 February,all,aquaneod,The game is unusable. I so badly wanted this to be good but as soon as you bring up the menu this thing slows to a halt...and im running dual 1080GTX cards on a very high end machine. Dont waste your time till its all fixed
,Recommended,518790,30029996,Posted: 19 February,all,Strawberry Vanilla Swirl,"Before I start I would like to put it out there that I really enjoyed the the original ""The Hunter"" despite its pay to win set-up.Pros:-I think this game has a lot of potential for being good.-There is actually a sense of progression as you explore the map to find things and gain points to unlock perks, build hunting blinds, and buy weapons.-The maps seem very large although there are only 2 maps as far as I can tell.-The interface and UI are much better compared to its predecesser.-There are more factors to the hunt, such as , wind direction and sound levels-The graphics and sounds are better in this game but I have yet to hear a bleat from a doe I hear a bunch of grunts but no bleats, maybe that is something they will change in the future?Cons:-The game is sadly buggy right now, my first experience with an animal in this game is three doe coming out in front of me and one of them just trotting in circles. Every one of my shots but two led to a deer being stuck on something or running in circles as well.-A small annoyance to me is the fact that I can place a waypoint on the main map but it has not shown up for me on the compass or the huntermate-The crashed on me a few times-There are sadly less weapons than the original Hunter, it does not have crowsbows or anything, but I hope to see them added soon.In conclusion I think this game is definitely going to be good at some point but when is the question when. It has its problems but I think it will be the top hunter game if they put time into it."
76561198100805966,Not Recommended,518790,31894624,Posted: 21 May,all,lucaslounsbury,If you are looking for a game but crave a ton of bugs making multiplayer pointless then this game is for you
76561198022040072,Not Recommended,518790,34193438,Posted: 12 August,all,laki150,"I will not recommend this game, it was on sale but you dont have anthing for ride you need walk, ok it is fun to walk but longer distince, and for vehicle you need buy DLC wtff. give free horse."
76561198246204954,Not Recommended,518790,33143587,Posted: 2 July,all,CRISPYxDONUTZ,"this game is so glitchy.  You complete missions and yet they wont go through.  multiplayer should better also.  Add mission or something, but again the mission prob wont work like in single player"
,Not Recommended,518790,34166063,Posted: 11 August,all,Smyon,"Glitchy, multiplayer didn't work."
,Recommended,518790,32523853,Posted: 17 June,all,Jsn🐍,"Thehunter: Call of the Wild™ is the third game of Thehunter™ franchise. It is a very enjoyable game that is super realistic with an in depth tracking system, and isn't too hard for the new player to pick up. It also runs very smooth and has extremely high quality graphics. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys hunting both IRL and in video games or even anyone who just enjoys the great outdoors, as there is a huge map to explore with lots of different sights and collectables.Overall i think this game is very good and i don't understand why the ratings are so harsh."
76561197973957064,Recommended,518790,33406064,Posted: 9 July,all,dG| Mabuchi,"I have been looking for a hunting game for a long time, and while this does not check all the boxes I want it too, theHunter CotW is the closest game I have found.Yes there are some bugs, some of the animal AI is laughable, however, it is a very enjoyable game. Sit back with some coffee and just have a good time."
,Recommended,518790,34163096,Posted: 11 August,all,TheAmpleSam,"As of writing this review I have yet to complete the 'Story' mode.GameplayA lot if not the majority of the base game will include you walking, crawling and stalking your choice of game, whether that be Roe Deer, Wild Boar or any of the other animals in the wild. You have the ability to track your target animals and get information off of their traveling, eating, sleeping and other habits, also if you have shot, but not killed an animal you can find blood splatters that will tell you if they are vitally wounded or not making it more interesting to track down your target. Running is in the game, but often it is best not to use if you want to avoid alerting and scaring away potential animals. Though it is useful especially if you are just exploring new terrains. The stealth aspect of the game works well and will force you to be patient in order to successfully get a kill. There are useful tools you can use including scents to cover your natural human smell as-well as animals 'calls' to attract whichever animal you are hunting. There is a 'story' mode in single player where you will be asked to do tasks including take pictures of animals as-well as just shooting animals (sometimes with a certain gun) in particular locations around the map. You can disable these story mode messages in the options which is a nice feature if you just want to freeroam. Early on you will want to find an outpost so you can resupply and have a place to fast travel to as this is very important. the outposts can be found from just exploring and often are easier found if you find a lookout post to get a layout of the land. At the beginning of the game you will have only one rifle some deer attracting devices with not much other weapons/gear and you will have to level up to get more options for guns and equipment. There is a perk system aswell as a skill tree you can level up for whatever you play-style is. There are two maps to choose from and both have different animals to choose from to hunt. As-well, there is a multiplayer mode with up to 8 players that is accessible after you get your first outpost in single player. While this mode is fun, it is inconvenienced by the fact the host of the server will be free to fast travel to whichever outposts they have traveled to in single player so long that they have discovered the outposts. The problem is that if any other players join the host and don't have certain outposts unlocked in their singleplayer that the host has unlocked in their game, the nonhost player will be unable to fast traveled and be forced to walk to whichever outpost the host fast traveled to. This problem is remedied by either just walking to all outposts in your single player world before considering playing multiplayer which will take considerably long considering the maps are rather large. Alternatively you could purchase the ATV dlc, though this feature feels like it should be included in the base game rather than a premium item that is only accessible through a micro-transaction.GraphicsThe game was made using the Apex Avalanche Open World Engine and it looks great regardless of which graphics settings you use. While using higher graphics settings all of the vegetation is thick and bustling and the scenery truly pops and gives a great sense of immersion in the game world. If you are on a lower end machine though, you can turn down a great amount of the post-processing effects as well as vegetation and shadows and still be left with a very visually pleasing game. What I really appreciate in their graphics setting menu is that they tell you what level of a performance impact all the settings do for you so you can gauge what type of performance you would gain from turning down some settings.Audio/SoundsThe audio is where this game shines a great deal. The sounds you will experience are so immersive. Every little leaf, twig and rock on the ground will give a satisfying sense of you being on said item. The weather as-well sounds are very impressive, whether it be a little wind or a horrendous thunder storm. All the sounds in this game sound perfect. When in multiplayer as-well if your hunter friends are firing at game far from your location you can hear the booming echoes of their shots echoing through the terrain. All animals have their own unique voices and if you are lucky enough to get close enough to listen to them you will truly appreciate the clarity in the animals voices. The only thing you may get sick of relatively quickly is the in-game music. While after initially hearing the beautiful songs you will indefinitely appreciate how smooth and well fit they are in this game. You will soon hear them repeat very frequently and will likely just disable them as they do become quite a distraction the more deep you get into the game.StoryYou're a hunter who has free roam to two reserves including Layton Lake District, a map modeled on the North American Pacific Northwest, and Hirschfelden, a recreation of a European farmland type area. Your main objective is focused around tracking and killing animals in order to gain more points to get better gear to hunt with.My opinionWhile there are some problems such as not including the atv with the base game and it being a micro-transaction, aswell as some minor nuisances in multiplayer such as the fast travel problem and some of the animals in multiplayer servers seemingly having an infinite amount of health which really takes you out of the game. I do believe this game is great especially for the patient minded players in mind. I do believe if you have or even have not hunted in real life you will find this game to be a great attempt to capture the essence of that experience. I recommend this if you don't mind tracking animals for long periods of time, or luring game to you in hopes of getting that perfect shot. If you are looking for something faster paced and action oriented then this game likely is not for you."
76561197961090434,Not Recommended,518790,34350926,Posted: 19 August,all,Hyperion,"This is a good concept.  The game itself is a lot of fun.  If it had been developed by an experienced, competent design team using industry standards, it would be absolutely amazing.  I don't want to give this a thumbs-down, but I cannot in good conscience recommend this game unless you enjoy single-player games that lack both a ""pause"" and a ""save"" function.The world in the game is beautiful, and the game is challenging and fun to walk around and track animals.  There are a few missions/quests, enough to give you something interesting to do, but you still have the freedom to walk around on your own, and to take targets of opportunity.  There is also a process for unlocking better weapons and ammo as you increase your score, and this along with the need to earn money in-game by making kills, gives you rewards to keep playing.However, there are several serious problems with this game.  There is currently no pause feature.  This sounds like a minor omission until you realize that real life often does intrude on gaming.  Maybe you have dinner in the oven, or you have to take medication, or family members call, or you have to use the bathroom, or any number of things.  With most (single player) games, you take for granted that you can hit Pause and do your business, and come back to the game and continue.  Not in theHunter COTW.  Even if you hit the Esc key to bring up the menu, even if you're browsing through the in-game help or changing settings, the game continues to run and things continue to happen around you.Another problem is that the game does not feature TrackIR, even though its predecessor did, and the devs have no plans to add this capability.  Instead they have integrated something called Tobii Eyetrack.  Virtually every other game that calls itself a ""realistic simulation"" uses TrackIR, so most of us who enjoy this sort of game already own TrackIR, and it would add a lot of immersion.However, one of the biggest problems with this game is the save feature: there is no save feature.  The game saves automatically, which is nice...until you lose power in a thunderstorm while playing, and the next day you find that the game doesn't recognize the save file even though the save files are very clearly still on your computer, the game only gives you the option to start a new game.  Oh, and to make it even better, if you decide to start a new game, it overwrites the save files already on your computer.  That's because there is no ability to save-as, no ability to have multiple save files.After 15 hours of play, I am not going to start a new game.  Unfortunately, after 15 hours I am also not eligible for a refund.  This game is nice, but the developers are clearly amateurs.  I don't mean that as an insult, I simply mean that they do not adhere to basic industry practices and standards.  This is sad, because it is a very nice game, but unfortunately incompetent developers are one bug that cannot be fixed."
,Not Recommended,518790,33985458,Posted: 2 August,all,Ricky Cardio,"Pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥game, never changes anything up and hunting consists entirely of sprinting until you get a warning call, then using a lure and watching the animal walk straight up to you. Multiplayer also seems to be broken for all players but the host, animals sprint away regardless of wind direction, sound made, or visibility."
,Recommended,518790,31228575,Posted: 18 April,all,Farjam the LuckyNoob,"At first it was a double thumbs down and a mess for me,i like the feel and the atmosphere of thehunter classic(even it's real life-like economics lol) , while thehunter:COTW is an arcade hunting game in my point of view(i know i can turn off lots of ""make it easy"" options lol)  like cabela's games with better graphic and mechanism and also it has lots of bugs and idiotic gamebreaking glitches that could be identified in beta and fixed before release...so i have refunded the game (1.1 version) ,i was so mad even i was trying to take back the bonus items i received in thehunter classic because of buying COTW...i was watching and monitoring the patchs progress and sometimes trying the new patchs on my friend's system and at a certain point i realized the problems i had are fixed and it's time to give it another chance , so i have bought it again and went straight to test those bugs, they are all gone now and i enjoy playing it while the game still an almost arcade for me but i can enjoy playing an arcade game too.it could be like this at the first days of release but i like it now and i recommend it as i have bought it again for myself.p.sto exprience a visual like what you should exprience at 2016-2017,you need a way more powerful graphic card than what it says in the game's steam page (it says GTX760 and amd 270x that you can play the game 1080p with low graphic on 30FPS :| )on 290x i could play on 1080p on low [with some medium options] setting 50-60FPS so i'm using my GTX1080 for 1080p with all the ultra settings"
,Recommended,518790,33028610,Posted: 30 June,all,Kalux,"Pros:Absolutely stunning scenery.Good progression system.Overall improvement from 'Classic'Cons:The deer ai seems to act buggy at times.Small bugs that need fixes.I bought both DLC's and the ATV is by far the better choice if you're willing to pay an extra $4.Quite fun, will be playing alot of this  :)"
,Not Recommended,518790,30754280,Posted: 26 March,all,swrigley,"If wandering through a wood seeing no wildlife is your thing....wander through a wood seeing no wildlife, at least you'll get fresh air and exercise.This game makes little attempt to gently induct beginners; it has a poorly designed ""tutorial"", which says things like ""you should see some tracks"". You don't. Then you wander aimlessly, with the game randomly selecting a gun,or  a lure or binoculors without explanation, until you stumble on where the map is and a blue pointer then magically appears guiding you to a target. But it leads to nothing. Not even with binocuours 2 metres away.The binocular vison is blurred and it's almost impossible to pan, as you inexplicably have to hold down right click as you look for...nothing.I never really got started with this but then there was nothing to get started on even after an hour - that's an hour of my life I won't get back but thankfully Steam's refund policy means at least I'll get the not inconsiderable price of the game back."
,Not Recommended,518790,30753564,Posted: 26 March,all,the boys light up,"I was walking through the woods, having a great time with the visuals it was raining with a great setting. I then spy a pack of deer just standing there. I tried shooting them but they wouldn't die, just staring at me with their souless eyes while I shot them point blank."
,Recommended,518790,30158126,Posted: 24 February,all,Dat No Skill Fam,"Pros:GraphicsVariety of biomes (Woodlands, swamp-ish, mountains, hilly, fieldful, valley)SoundsVariety of animalsAtmosphereSome realismAnimal tracking is pretty goodLarge mapHandles smoothlyCons:Not the realism I was hoping forGun sway is hella high (never had that issue irl even after a 5 mile walk/jog)% of bleed out is lowWalking into water makes more sound than stormy weathercalling tools suck fromk my experienceVery BuggyOverall, great game. Price is bit much for an unfinished game. If you thuroughly enjoy hunting IRL, you might enjoy more than me.BEST PART:I saw in the distance, down a mountain, a beautiful Whitetail Deer. Bushes rustling near it, with a little bunny standing still. I crouched, waiting for the perfect shot. I get a spine shot, instantly if fell over, and the bunny somehow managed to die. I was excited, so I walked 5 feet foward to get a better view to remember their location. I fell down the mountain. I was going really fast. So fast the ground couldn't handle my body. I went through the ground at Mach speed.5/7 would mach speed the ground again."
76561197971912401,Not Recommended,518790,33859420,Posted: 28 July,all,Zach,"Game immediately crashes at startup. The recommended support procedure is to install out of date versions of C++ and the Windows SDK, and this still doesn't solve the issue.I made the mistake of waiting more than two weeks to try the game out and now I'm ineligible for a refund despite having less than 30 minutes ""played"" - which consists entirely of time reading crash reports with the launcher waiting to close.I'd stay away unless you want to pay to play test a hardly functional beta."
,Not Recommended,518790,30417076,Posted: 9 March,all,Appear,"I would like to start of by mentioning that this game looks beautiful, the sounds and feeling from the elements while going around tracking down game is something I have not seen in another game atleast not at this caliber. I'd love to give a really positive review, but sadly there are too many gamebreakers at the moment to try getting strangers of me to buy this game, unless you don't mind overlooking them.The first bug I encountered was the animals getting stuck between bushes and rocks, this one I noticed on my third kill of the game as a poor deer was running and running between a rock and a tree. After my current hours in the game I have seen this tens of times allready, but I wouldent call it gamebreaking, but it's a minus.In real hunting you rarly go for multiple shots towards diffrent games, but if you do in this game it seems like the tracking gets thrown of abit. Vital/flesh wounds on 'non' rare game not showing up & neither are tracks. A couple of times all tracks just disappeared all together and the only way I found to fix it was to reset the game, wich is a blunder when you are far of a outpost hunting(as in you only spawn in around the nearest outpost).The mission system is a good adition, but some of the missions are abit random to complete and some are better of leaving undone til you can afford and/or able to buy better equipment(ex. pictures of several animals of same race in a set zone). Some quests seems bugged, as they would not complete even if conditions are met(ex. killing deer at night).What I do like is how much of a grind it is to max your hunting skills and perks you can pick up.The real gamebreaker for me is the random and unexpected crashes, screen freezes with looping sound. Giving it a quick search just shows how many are affected by this and there has not been a single respons from the game developers about this yet. They seem to happen more and more depending on how much of a map you have explored, as I can play one of the zones without a crash for longer then the more explored zone(but what do I know). So for me when I am in the zone, focused to bring down game, take a shot and trying to track down the giant moose to see how big it actually was. And for it all to be a waste of time by a frozen screen and looping sound, meh I got better things to do then playing a non-finished game.My review of this game were from the last week intil today, 10/3-17. I might change my mind about this if there is a game fixing patch coming, but I would advice to wait to pick this up to see if they manage to change this visual pearl to a hour sandbox."
76561197964584838,Not Recommended,518790,30047630,Posted: 19 February,all,FreddyFoxXx,"Welcome to beta testing 2.0/early access!!! (since we forgot to say that the first beta was just a joke and nothing was used from it!)This review will be changed when the game is patch to a playable state!!!!After playing the game for a fair amount of time i have had plenty of bugs and gliches.Con:- Crashing because who F***ing knows?!- ALT+TAB crashes.- Not able to claim trophys.- Not gaining money or xp from claiming trophys.- ""Spawning"" outside the map while still standing on campsites.- Tracks failing to appear.- Animal stuck on/in rocks/trees.- Scope not working on rifles when a weapon without scope is in your inventory.- Frame drops for no appearent reason.- Unable to claim an outpost in a multiplayer game (this fact is destroying my wish to play with friends since we can not all claim the same outpost only the host of the game can!)- No xp bar so its hard to know when you are going to level up next.- Falling to your death from a tiny rock.Pros:- The setting of the game is amazing! (PRAY TO RNGSUS everytime you bootup!!!)- Leveling isnt a must to kill pretty much anything in the game, a well placed shot or shots will do the trick.- Fantastic looking game.My pc should not have any trouble running this game on ultra.My pc specc:- MSI GTX 980 Ti- Ram DDR4 16GB 3000MHz- SSD 500GB 850 EVO- Intel i7-5930K- CPU cooler"
76561197961522292,Not Recommended,518790,30048106,Posted: 19 February,all,gamer009239,"Week 3-4 update:  Looking like devs are making progress but the title still isnt fully polished.The game does run on some older machines but dont expect the world.  If you have crashes, its possible others are experiencing the same.  Devs had made it clear that if you document your bugs clearly & accurately, they will respond in return.   That may not mean your bug is fixed today, but you wont be ignored.I cant yet give this title a thumbs up, because there are still a number of bugs to be worked out.  Im hopeful, but not in a hurried kind of way.  In a couple of months, when its ready, the environments in this game will blow you away.------------------Weekend 1 review -- not reccomended.  Codebase appears incomplete and untested.  This is effectively a pay-to-play beta release, and it is quite broken.I suspect only the most elite high-end systems were tested in the undoubtedly brief QA cycle, and anyone using even remotely old hardware will be out of luck until many bugs are ironed out.For me, I have 2 systems that ran the orginal ""theHunter"" flawlessly at max settings, and i had hoped that with the same hareware at modest settings i'd be able to evaluate this new release.   But so far its no deal.  with my i7 2600k + gtx 570 the 3d engine will render 1-2 frames before it crashes. Pretty much crashes immediately after the logo screens.  Same exact result for my mobile i7+675gtx.This game obviously has promise and I'll be happy to give it a good reivew once its actually finished.  But for now, they appear to be funding their development cycle with pay to play beta shenanigans.Buyer Beware."
76561198124073546,Not Recommended,518790,32451351,Posted: 15 June,all,James.50cal,"Quite a good game until they decided like every other ♥♥♥♥ing game developer they were going to make loads of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ DLC for a paid game.If the game was free maybe i'd throw a few notes your way but............it's not.What a joke, what happened to the old days where a game was a game and you didnt have drop 50 notes every month just to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥Keep your second rate DLC as I for one will not be buying it."
,Recommended,518790,29972877,Posted: 16 February,all,ZXD_Canine,"theHunter: Call of the Wild,I'd give her 5 stars. Not entirely sure what all the hate and absolute disgust is all about, I have found nothing but greatness in the product.Yes, sure there are a few issues here and there, but nothing that patches won't be able to iron out.Right, just a brief reason why I rate COTW so highly with a pro's and con's list below.Call of the Wild has some of the most beautiful, calming and pleasuring forests, plains, rivers and mountains to explore, the ambiance the game creates in that regard is utter beauty.The animals themselves are really great to look at and stalk. Sure the Buck do not have the hugest varity of Antlers out there, but i am curious to see what the future holds in that regard.Thus far each hunt has been majestic in its own way. Each hunt has brought about its own challenges and adventure with it. From hunting Red Fox to Various types of Deers, some animals are in a herd which force me to choose wisely and play my tactics carefully if i wish to leave with the best scoring animal, those that travel alone are often very sneaky and sometimes downright genius, though with enough patience and technique, the hunt will reward you with the sight of beauty and the pleasure of the one shot kill. (To which I have noticed a lot of people complaining about 3 shots to bring down a buck.... I have yet to have such an issue. 12 shots fired. 12 hits, 12 kills.Anyhow onto the Pro's and Con's list.Con's:1) Small game and Big game create the same noise while passing through foilage/bushes which is hugely missleading or should i say somewhat confusing, I have caught myself doing 360s with the rifle aimed, looking for that deer that made that racket while passing through the bushes, to see only later that it was merely a rabbit. Very odd for a Rabbit to make such a loud crash through the bushes.2) A couple of glitches while in Map mode, You have to constantly zoom in and out to see the borders of various places on the map, which isnt very helpful while trying to complete missions, but by no means a game breaker.3) A few animals are still getting glitched/stuck on various rocks and or tree trunks, Thus far has only happend twice out of the 12 animals i have had the opportunity of taking down.That is really it thus far.Pros:1) The beautifully designed Forests, Plains, Rivers, Mountains etc etc are a sight for sore eyes. I have no issues getting lost in them and just strolling through watching gazing Buck stroll through the wild.2) The ambiance in the wild is fantastic, it really makes you feel as if you are in the wild, from the birds chirping, to the foxes howling (Squeeking?) to the birds flying out of the bushes while you hastly run past. The wind that blows over the plains and the odd time Thunder strikes the silent evening sky behind you. Its brilliantly done.3) The Animals are very goodlooking, From the Rabbit through to the various Deers (I have yet to find myself a Bear or any other larger Game, thus i have to hold that comment). They act very well, and I have yet to have issues with them spooking just to stop a few meters later. When they spook, my god do they run, and stop very very far away. Have had some fantastic 2 hour marches following those Tracks.4) The whole feeling to the game is great, It is not elite hardcore, but is by no means like a Call of Duty Hunter. I see tons of complaints that the game is far too arcade like, but I cannot seem to grasp what that means. The hunts are by no means easy, You can spend a very long time tracking down your prey, very easily spook him off and very easily miss your shot. (Unless ofcourse you are using your rifle like its a machine gun and shooting every animal in sight... well then you have no idea what hunting is about).Thats about it for now, I will ofcourse update the review at a later stage.All in all,I will be spending tons of hours on this beaut of a game."
76561198089079369,Recommended,518790,30053178,Posted: 20 February,all,The old man,"This game was released a little early for my liking. It feels like a Beta and there are quite a few bugs. That's the negative. The positive is that the graphics is really great and the gameplay, which may not suit COD fans, is slow and deliberate. This is as close to real life as you can get.Am I glad I bought it? Yes, the bugs will get fixed. DLCs will come out with new reserves and gear. Bear with it. It's still great game with more potential the classic version. It was relatively cheap. Don't curse the Devs, no-one can write perfect code. It was a rush to market, probably for financial reasons. It's just as frustrating as real life when you don't take the time to get a perfect shot.Lots of work ahead, but it's still a great game."
,Not Recommended,518790,30059198,Posted: 20 February,all,WILLY THE SEAMAN,"theHunter: Call of The Wildhas the potential to be the best hunting game out there. It's a great foundation for the perfect hunting game. Unfortunately, that's all the game is at its current state. It's pretty much just a pretty landscape with everything else feeling rushed. When it actually works and you don't encounter one of the many bugs it's a really enjoyable and relaxing experience, but way too often do you find your immersion getting completely ruined by a visual bug or weird AI.Not only that,I feel like it lacks some critical content that you kind of expect from any hunting game.Here are two of the major things I think the game is lacking at the moment, to at least make it a complete hunting game and putting the glitches aside:1. Birds. You can hear them all around you. There are some oddly placed seagulls (or whatever they are) here and there that flies away by the noise you make. Butthere are no birds to hunt. I was really expecting this to be in the game at release, but knowing where the developers are coming from (the microtransaction hell that is theHunter: Classic) I'm guessing it will be a future DLC. Hard to say if the developers ran out of time or if this is an intentional decision. The shotguns are there to tease you though.2. Any means of transportation. The map is HUGE.It needs some kind of vehicles.And at the pace the character is running it feels even bigger. Sure, you can fast travel between the outposts but first you'll have to find them, usually by going to a lookout point to reveal them on the map and then walk to them to claim them and just hope that you don't accidentally stumble between two static rocks that somehow magically squishes you to death on your way there. Yes, that happened not only once, but three times. I remember playing Deer Hunter 3 back in the days and thought it was cool that you could get around with ATV's, snowmobiles and such. Guess this might be DLC too, concidering there are achievements for traveling ""BY FOOT"". Feels weird to state that unless they have some other way of travelling planned.Now those are just the features I feel that the game is currently lacking. As an addition to that it'sriddled with bugsand some of the mosthorrible AI/pathfindingI've seen in a game. Which is a good way to completely ruin your immersion that you otherwise get from the stunning visuals. Squirrels gets stuck humping rocks, rabbits run in circles at the speed of light, deer gets stuck against trees and rocks and I've even seen a group of four different animal types running into eachother in a mess that looked like the queue line to the Noah's ark. I try my best to just ignore these derpy animals and move on but you see them way too often to just simply ignore them. I know it must be hard to code AI and especially animal like behaviour but I still don't expect to see these kind of situations in a full release of a hunting game. I've seen a whole pack of wild boars just running into an invisible wall forever.There doesn't seem to be any fall damage in the game, yet somehow you sometimes die if you get stuck between two rocks or try to climb them as I mentioned earlier. I even just flat out died walking on a flat surface at one point. The screen has gone completely blurry as if the field of depth was bugged and also completely red after I died once. These were fixed by just clicking ESC twice to bring up the menu interface (which can be a little bit disorienting at times when it comes to equipment and such) and then close it again. The smartphone is visible in some of the cutscenes, just floating there (sometimes upside down). I've found a hunting stand that was not buildable for whatever reason (surely the developers must have had time to test this once they put it down on the map?) and seen some weirdly placed street signs and poles. There was also this one pile of stones which gives you lore that had the trigger 8 meters underground so it was impossible to activate. I've seen some floating 3D sprites and trees that goes through rocks and some terrain deformities (with stretched textures), but usually you have to look really close for these types of minor glitches. The one visual glitch that occurs the most is the one with parts of the scope disappearing after you take a shot.With all this being said, I really hope the developers listens to the community and addresses these issues. I'm really looking forward to future patches and updates, it can only get better from here and hopefully we'll have our hands on the best hunting experience one can have on a PC. I tried to summarize my experience with the game so far in this review, for the developers and others thinking about buying it, just to let you know what you can expect from it at its current state. I have no complaints about the sounds nor the visuals, but as for now I'll give this game a rating of ""Not recommended"" until it gets some fixes."
76561198022851077,Recommended,518790,33722415,Posted: 22 July,all,(CDN) Rowdy61,Love this game. Best hunting game i've played yet.
76561197974616486,Not Recommended,518790,30803241,Posted: 28 March,all,The Truth,"This game would be very good, however the vast amount of glitches and difficult user interface makes it very unapealing im not sure who greenlit this to be able to purchase but they jumped the gun. The rifles are the only real weapons you can use in game, pistols are a joke because you can get close enough to even get a shot. The shotguns are pretty useless and they affer bird shot which there are not even any birds in game to use it on they just fall out of the sky and blow into a bunch of feathers as well are not even on the list of animals to hunt. the scoring is pretty usless as well, takes for ever to level up weapons, and again for the pistols good luck ever unlocking a new one because to get there you would litterally have to make skilled shots with iron sights and have to kill around 200 animals. For me and im not sure if it is for everyone else but i tried to do the first quest and it wouldnt let me advance through it. This game could have been great but it almsot seems as if they lost funding and just said screw it and released it with a ton of errors."
,Recommended,518790,30114260,Posted: 22 February,all,djinnxy,"This really deserves a much higher rating from buyers. If you're even remotely interested in the title buy it. Honestly wouldn't put it past special interest groups to buy the game just to run the rating down. Anyhow I can't figure out what most of the bad review are talking about.Breaking down into pros and cons....Pros- ran 60 to 90 fps without any drops on 1080 custom all ultra- in several hours I unlocked 1/5 of the map and explored maybe 1/20. It would take weeks to explore just one of the twomaps completely. It is absolutely huge!- Absolutely gorgeous open world environment. One of the best I've seen in any genre.- Better animal AI than i've seen in any game.- Great rpg skill building. No just running out and shooting rockets on the first day. (ok rockets is hyperbole)-quite realistic tracking after wounding. I made a bad shot on one animal and tracked it for over an hour in the dark.Unfortunately the AI did just what real deer do. It circled back on its own tracks several times till I couldn't tell which way it went in the dark anymore.-don't worry it's easy enough to make a good kill shot with even the .243 you start with. I read one report that made it sound like it happened every time. Not sure what they expect for a starter rifle? 475 h&h maybe? That was only one of many I shot that turned out that way.-No da*n bango music. For anyone that remembers the hunting games where you had the volume turned way up to hear animals and bam, suddenly you forget when you pause it blares frackn banjo music.-I started on the European map. Pleasant voice acting. Very well done.-And the list goes on, but I'll stick to the basicsCons- One time.... One time a deer got stuck....- The store interface just felt a little clunky. Not really bad or game breaking. Very minor update would do it. Really it might just be a matter of preference like ford dash controls vs. volvo.This is one of a very few games i'd say absolutely buy it. It's worth the $30. But hey if you're the next warren buffett or something by all means wait for a sale. (ok i seriously doubt he's a gamer... just sayin)"
76561198027626351,Not Recommended,518790,30724775,Posted: 25 March,all,richterhr,in it's present state I can not recommend any of my friends purchase this game
76561197985591481,Not Recommended,518790,33084200,Posted: 1 July,all,GrandTickler,This game has all the issue's you can expect from an early access game. except this game is not in early access. which makes it even worse...
,Not Recommended,518790,30025029,Posted: 18 February,all,Warlockez,"Played for about 20 min, everytime I went to take a shot the game crashed. 18 times in 10 min. Ill wait till its been patched more to give it another go."
,Recommended,518790,30441384,Posted: 10 March,all,Obama Is Kenyan,"Very good hunting simulator very realistic.I haven't encountered any bugs or crashes yet.It can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥to catch up to something though, but I like that.8/10 For realism."
76561198188521307,Not Recommended,518790,30463053,Posted: 11 March,all,Chester Beneful,"First off i love hunting and do it alot. But this isnt hunting. this is a walker simulator with a gun in your hands, thats just it. Most of the time the animals dont even respond to your calls so you gotta go finding them, but their AI is so bugged they might run away while your a mile and a half away. The amount of glitches and bugs, this game should NOT have been realeased like this. they might as well have sold us an IOU note. The menus are janky and unstable, the AI is just bad, the guns break all the time, and the framerate is in the low 20 at medium.{Also an important note thats affecting me personally, The Discussion mods keep shutting me down for the stupidest things, like actually banning me for a question about a game mechanic i didnt understand. I asked in discussions about Zero Distance and what that is, and my post was deleted about 20 minutes after, than when i called them out on it they banned me for ""Causing a Ruckus""}All in all this whole thing is a pile of junk and i doubt it will ever get fixed properly. DONT BUY IT!"
,Not Recommended,518790,33711715,Posted: 21 July,all,Adolf Tranny Granny,I tryed launching theg ame for the first time and it loaded showcasing the  companys that helped make the game and then a pop up came saying the ame had crashed. i tryed 4 more times the same thing happened on all the attempts. i looked for answers and my specs met the requirments and so did my graphics card. please note my reveiw as this needs fixed ASAP
76561198010199565,Not Recommended,518790,30293800,Posted: 3 March,all,Mannschaft,"**UPDATE** They just patched this game yesterday and this morning. The patch claimed to fix a long standing bug that would kill you whenever you loaded the game up. I have NEVER had this bug happen to me. Then they release a patch that they say fixes this bug. I load up the game and for the first time ever I am killed upon loading the game. I'm sorry but these devs are a joke. Every single patch that comes out seems to either break as much as it fixes or doesn't fix what it says it fixes. Most of their patches have day of or day after patch hotfixes. I STILL CAN'T MAKE THE GAMEPLAY SETTINGS SAVE. Every time I claim a kill or open the menu to look at my map, all of the gameplay settings are reset to default. It has been like this since the day I got this game. So sick of these devs at this point. They're either lazy or incompetent or both.I'll try to be as fair as possible with this.The Good1- Amazing graphics and great optimization. Even with my rig that was built in 2011 (GPU upgraded since then to 970), I can run the game on max settings and still get 40+ fps.2- The sounds. Everything is crisp and authentic. The ambient life is especially well done with a staggering array ranging from crickets to different birds like loons and kill dear (it's a bird). I especially love the wind through the trees sounds. It makes me feel like I'm at home and the rain sounds are good but lack a bit of beef.3- Tracking is pretty fun and an added bonus here is that you can turn off all visual tracking aids if you're feeling particularly masochistic. I nearly couldn't find a coyote in a bed of flowers even with the aids on.4- MASSIVE maps. You may only get two of them for now but these things can take you over 2 hours to walk from one end to the other. These are beautiful environments.The Bad1- Volume. Some sounds are just totally out of whack volume wise. Heaven forbid you get within 50 yards of a rabbit because if you do your ears will be graped with what sounds like dragging something across a gravel road. Walking through water is excessively loud as well.2- The UI. Repeatedly have to hit some buttons to navigate the menu. It's a pain in the bunghole to deal with.3- The map. The stupid thing opens to a random point and zoom level every time you open it and it's as stupid as can possibly be. Sometimes it opens zoomed out all the way. Sometimes zoomed in all the way and nowehere near your current point. Obvious bug I expect to be fixed sooner than later because it's so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥irritating so I'm not terribly worried about it but it needed mentioned.4- ""Nothing to do"". This is extremely important because right now the only goals in the game are to level up and spend skills and perks to unlock abilities you should have because realism. There is no trophy system that I can find. No way to go back and relive past kills or have trophies to look at. The only point of the game right now is to use your weapon more to unlock the next weapon and kill more things to get more money to buy the weapon. What does this mean? It means the game is a kill fest. There's no limit to the number of animals you can take home to feed the kids so you end up just killing everything that moves because you need the weapon skill to unlock the next weapon and you need the money to buy it. I once let a doe go because I had just gotten done killing 5 does. After it walked off I asked myself why I let it go. There is no reason whatsoever to let anything in this game live.5-Being harder to see in fog and rain are actually skills you must unlock in this game which reaches maximum potato levels. Sorry but you don't need training to be harder to see in these atmospheric conditions. Fix it.6- Wind only sometimes masks your sound.7- Rain never masks your sound.8- Kill data diagram is badly implemented. I'm talking about the xray image of the animal you shot with bullet penetration data. It's all blue and white so the whole thing ends up getting washed out and it's hard to see where anything is at. I definitely can tell where the lungs are at, but where is the heart? I don't know I can't see it because it's all white.9- Sometimes fall damage. Sometimes not. Just slid down the side of a mountain at top speed taking no damage and then it launched me off near the base and I flew forward like 100 yards and fell like 50 yards and didn't take a single bit of damage. Wat?10- Fog. Everywhere there's fog. News flash! The sun burns the fog away by mid morning. I shouldn't be walking around through a hazy wood at noon, especially with wind. Your light shafts and god rays are beautiful but cmon guys.11- There shouldn't be animal noises during heavy rain/wind storms.12- No blood spray/spurt from animal upon shooting. No gutting the animal. No bullet hole or blood on animal despite spraying 1 gallon of blood out of its lung. I consider this a mortal sin at this point considering how realistic everything else is.13- You don't exist. When you wipe your phone your hand moves so far forward that you can see where it disappears. You are a floating pair of hands and that is also why you commit the greatest mortal sin in this entire game. YOU CAST NO SHADOWS. This is ridiculous. As tragic as loading up a $60 AAA title and realizing that mirrors don't have reflections. Also, being in environment shadows does not affect your visibility and neither does night time.The Neutral1- No bullet time. I know I know....not realistic. But I love bullet time and I've been spoiled with it from other games for years. Would be fun to have especially considering the only point of this game is to kill everything that moves whether or not you would take that animal in real life.Am I enjoying this game? You bet! But there is so much wrong with it that I couldn't in good conscious tell a buddy hey you should get this. Some of the bugs are rage enducing. Some of the features make me seethe. No blood or wound on the animals is as stupid as doing a hand stand and farting even though you have diarrhea.I have high hopes for this game and will continue to get high and have a super relaxing time playing it but just be warned about the negatives because in my opinion they far outweigh the positives at this point."
,Not Recommended,518790,30096937,Posted: 22 February,all,Knut,"I am deeply confused - what's this game supposed to be?Sandbox game? Hunting ""Simulation""? Arcade Hunter? Open World Adventure?First of all: Endless, purposeless tranquilityif you enjoy walking up a beautiful virtual hill for 15 minutes without any further purpose but to reach a viewing platform, then this game is totally for you and you should just ignore my review.Second: Oh my god, dem bugs.Others have mentioned it before, but this game is far from being ready for release. For early access the level of bugs and issues would have been acceptable, but still better to call it an open beta.The main problem I have with this, is that ExpansiveWorlds (Avalanche Studios) has a long-standing track record of releasing unfinished content and often never polishing it to perfection even way later. This is true for basically every update theHunter:classic received, but especially for theHunter:Primal - a game that was sold in some kind of beta-state (especially content-wise) and never made it any further.Third: Blimey, dem graphics!The game looks awesome! The vegetation, the scenery, the lighting, the animal models, the animations (well, besides the players hands, what the frog am I doing? Running in the praying mantis karate base pose?) - all looks terrific and stunning. The way you leave a trail of flattened grass behind is just cool. Ok, it looks like you're a Mafiosi that just dragged a concrete-cuffed rival to his favourite dumpster lake, but hey, it's still a cool effect. A shame that the graphics are the only outstanding part of this game. I am more willing to overlook less-than-perfect graphics than flawed game design or mechanics.Last but by no means least - the real review - what is this game meant to be and why did they get it all backwards?So you got theHunter:classic, a massive open-world hunting game with plenty of content and great game mechanics. It just suffers from a meanwhile rather dated graphic engine  (fair enough being already 8 years old) and a microtransaction-based business model that has met plenty of criticism. Yet the cash-cow seems still lactating, as they are still keeping the game alive.So what to do to lead theHunter into the future. Develop a successor and kill your cash flow of the old game? Much better to produce something slightly different that recruits new customers, fascinates your old clientèle and still doesn't stop them from spending on the old one. Much better idea indeed. If you're able to pull it off, that is.So why not make an open world hunting game like the hunter that still has a story line. Red Dead Redemption hunting themed, basically. Nice idea.But then why they got it all backwards? Why does the actual hunting feel like you're mowing down the imbecile cousins of some majestic animals you dreamt of hunting all your life? The actual hunting is no challenge at all, you just need to be in the right place, and the animals will be easy to harvest.The ""story line"" (in brackets, as I am not sure yet, there's any red line through the story - it might just be random bits) on the other hand is slow as a sloth. A couple of hours in and I haven't even proceeded much in the tutorial story line (it is supposed to be a tutorial, right?). All I did is wander lengthily through a beautiful landscape getting sidetracked by some dull hunting while trying to get to a lodge or view point or camp.I feel a good hunting game with a story line should be exactly the other way around: extensive, to some extend challenging hunting embedded in a faster paced, enthralling story line. That'd be an interesting cross-over game between an emersion-intense hunting game and a hunting-themed arcade/adventure game. This game is exactly the opposite. It got real dull real quick for me, and I am a sucker for a good hunting game.I'll probably wait for a follow-up of theHunter:classic. Or maybe even a similar product by a competent competitor that might be released in a rather finished state - one should be allowed to dream big."
76561198066292647,Recommended,518790,29962604,Posted: 16 February,all,ReptileMan11,"ok so this is a small review of the total time i have played so far,and will post another one when i have played 20 houres or more,ok so far the game plays great its realy smooth and just perfect,i have not incounted any bugs or glitches yet but thats to be expected being just released today,im realy impressed on how the gamepad works and eveything just seems easyer to understand,so if your a hunter fan and have a decent pc rig then i would highly recomend this beautiful game,try and not to listen to other peoples apinions to much as they are cry babys who dont understand that when a game comes out theres allways going to be bugs and glitches so take my word for it my friend you wont regret it.this game is a work of art"
76561197993513489,Not Recommended,518790,32454060,Posted: 15 June,all,Bullseye,The game looks stunning and the deer really look realistic... but comon ... howmany DLC do you want to sell ... its just stupid! DLC tents DLC atv etc etc ... DONT  BUY THIS GAME
,Not Recommended,518790,33215269,Posted: 3 July,all,Rover,"I got it today to give it a try.Easy fun shooting a few deer. Came across my first bison. All 5 rifle shots into neck and shoulder. It charges me I reload. 4 more into side and chest, miss one. It hits me twice. Switch to .357 and empty all 6 shots point blank into head. It runs. I hunt it for over 10 minutes and put all 5 rifle shots and another 6 magnum shots into it before it kills me.The hell? Yeah the rifle isn't ideal size but 14 hits with rifle and 12 magnum shots (keep in mind it's doing the flinch animation and the blood trails said 'vital shot' with a low bleed. Work on your mechanics. This is bullet sponge hunter."
76561198045072288,Not Recommended,518790,30439175,Posted: 10 March,all,MadBaum,"Would be a great game if it said ""alpha"" release. This game isn't even close to beta. It is riddled with bugs that will annoy you constantly. If you are willing to pay $30 to test a game for them, then go ahead. Otherwise wait till they fix the MASSIVE amount of bugs and it goes on sale. Then, and only then, will it be worth it."
,Not Recommended,518790,29979387,Posted: 17 February,all,Failed,"Never ever ever ever buy this game. Literally riddled with bugs. It feels like prealpha...Honestly, it should have been a $15 game. $30 is extremely overpriced for an unfinished product.Have to close to desktop if you want to change anything.Can get trapped inside of structures built in multiplayer.Random crashes.Tons of animation glitches.PDA can drop you to 0fps if you have too many tracks in it.Got trapped between a rock and a tree and took ""fall"" damage and nearly died.I could probably go on but I don't really need to. Maybe I'll update later after some new fun bugs.DO NOT BUY IN CURRENT STATE.Update: 5th crash of the night. Pretty solid game.Update 2: I hear they patched some crash issues. Hopefully tonight will be better.2/23/17 Update 3: I haven't had a crash yet so it's nice to see that's much better. Some graphics glitches have been worked on. Still plenty I would like to see fixed. Lots of multiplayer bugs encountered."
76561198121978826,Not Recommended,518790,31530368,Posted: 3 May,all,Speghetti,"I really enjoy TheHunter series. Played a little bit of the original, then a lot of TheHunter Primal (A game with so much potential that was ruined) and i really enjoyed TheHunter: Call of the Wild and had hoped it wouldn't fair like its siblings. It looks like my fears are coming true; paid dlc two months after release for a 30$ game. I expected perhaps future major updates involivng free content, but paid dlc seems a little scummy. I really enjoyed the time i put into this game (Besides the ardeous leveling up). In my opinion, you guys messed up."
76561197992481209,Recommended,518790,34121222,Posted: 9 August,all,élohîm24**,"This is the best hunting game around, period. Excellent graphics, huge territory to discover, realistic animal behaviour, day/night cycle, ATVs to cover long distances... What else? If you like hunting, this is the only game to satisfy your need."
76561198073229691,Not Recommended,518790,34049087,Posted: 5 August,all,Motor Head,"Very arcadish and full of bugs. Even the their DLC is full of bugs. On top of that the Dev's are liars and cheats. They add something in a update and mark it as DLC as if their giving you free stuff when infact you can't uninstall it as it was just part of the update. Avoid this company, their games and all their cash-grab tactics! It's a beautiful game, I'll give it that."
76561198028348702,Not Recommended,518790,33641415,Posted: 18 July,all,Herr Doman,"Let me start off by saying that I have been a big fan and supporter of the Hunter since it first came out as a montly subscription game now called The Hunter Classic. That game was great, varied species to hunt, many weapons, and hunting and harvesting game was satisfying, that being said I had to stop playing because you either had to grind for days to get a new weapon or you had to buy it outright with hunter bucks, on top of paying for a subscription because you really cant do anything in the game without one. Naturally when I heard that the game was going to get a standalone release with just one payment and unlimited hunting I was ecstatic, there hasn't been a good hunting game since Cabela's Big Game Hunter on PS2. Sadly though, when the game was finally released after waiting there was nothing but dissapointment, bugs galore, crashes, a broken UI and the animal AI is horrendous. It feels like the developers threw the game together and didn't try because they were not charging $20 for a weapon. Here's the kicker, they added paid DLC tents and ATV's before the game is even fixed. Cabela's Big Game Hunter released in 2002 had all of the features this game offers and more. Just sad, thumbs down.TL;DRBuy a PS2 and buy Cabela's Big Game Hunter, you're welcome."
76561198012969506,Not Recommended,518790,31240568,Posted: 19 April,all,PieterPatrick,"Played 5 min.... conclusion is: NO SLI support!(Needed to play 5 min. before I could make a review.)Developers said SLI is supported, but it is not supported at al!!!Below are two links of the developers, one is saying it is supported, the other one is saying it is not supported at al!The developers should be ashamed and I'm very angry about it.https://twitter.com/theHunterCOTW/status/838715706195718145http://support.thehunter.com/hc/en-us/articles/115002948087-Will-SLI-and-Crossfire-be-supported-in-theHunter-Call-of-the-Wild-"
76561198043829481,Not Recommended,518790,32243764,Posted: 7 June,all,Bonne_Swe,"Piece of garbage. First three animals in a row are getting shot/killed, but can't be taken as trophy. Then I restart, my rifle nor anything in my bar is being shown as carrying/using, then ""F1 to read more"" ( or something like that ), a black box with literally nothing more than ""Read more"" is being stuck on my screen. When I tab down to search for the answer, the game is stuck in window mode. While window mode my friend and I spot a bear, we shot it and it completely froze and nothing happens.This in less than 5 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥and the developers should feel ♥♥♥♥ing ashamed for even release a piece of garbage like this, it aint even early access.Inb4 my pc is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I'll tell ya this game is nothing for a heavy computer and runs straight 60 FPS all the time."
76561198024845447,Not Recommended,518790,29972891,Posted: 16 February,all,Ambro789,"Do not buy yet.  This is a beta game still.  Game runs great, no crashes, awesome graphics.  However, the reason I stopped playiing classic was the 220meter draw distance.  The new engine is suppose to draw farther, it does not.  You will get a mission early on to kill to fallow deer in some corn field.  When you look to the second field it is not rendered.  There are camp sites, rest areas, you will find and you cannot rest in them.  I assume we need a tent that is not in game yet.  WIth an up to date computer the game runs great, just paying $40 for a shell of a game is stupid.  I suppose they were out of money."
,Recommended,518790,32051946,Posted: 29 May,all,smith22295,"Don't why there are so many negative reviews, this game is ground breaking in its authenticity and realism.The detail in the environment is unlike anything I have seen. Wind blowing, clouds passing, light rays, it's all really nice. The skill system is awesome, rather than just making the game easier as you upgrade (like a typical skill system) this game offers you skills that make your experience more authenticate and difficult. The world feels more immersive than any other open world I've played, hands down.If you think that you might enjoy this type of game then my suggestion to you is don't hesitate to snag this. I never write reviews, but clearly the reviews here don't accurately represent this game."
76561197995511038,Recommended,518790,31483309,Posted: 1 May,all,BIO!,"I’m a huge fan of the game. Played 90+ hours and ready for many more.But this paid light DLC release has been a really bad move.I really worry for the future of the game now.Devs need to come out quickly and try to rectify things.Explain that this DLC was a mistake. Make it free for everyone.And then focus your time on releasing a proper paid for major DLC - new maps, weapons, animals.I would even pre-purchase a proper DLC to help the Devs with funds if necessary. Just make the details and release date of the DLC very clear."
,Not Recommended,518790,32989990,Posted: 29 June,all,Nox Noctura,"I want to like this game so much, but with two ""micro DLC"" coming out within the last two months, its starting to get a ""PAYDAY 2"" vibe. I bought the game for the retail price, because it was advertised as ""pay once for the full game, no microtransactions, etc"". In my opinion, these micro DLC items should already be getting patched into the game for everyone.I may as well just keep playing theHunter classic, where I already have a bunch of extra stuff I already paid for."
,Recommended,518790,34112949,Posted: 8 August,all,X Knyght,"Best looking nature settings I ever seen in a video game. A couching, walking, running simulator with guns/bows. Fun game to unwind and relax to. Not recommended for the impatient."
,Recommended,518790,32232110,Posted: 6 June,all,Bladelyst,"Calm, relaxing, and just a beautiful game. Not to mention it's extremely fun to hunt."
,Not Recommended,518790,30106503,Posted: 22 February,all,Shpeckledorf,I wouldn't buy it in it's current state.  It is very buggy at the moment.
,Not Recommended,518790,33574978,Posted: 15 July,all,RhapidFyre~,"Absolutely do not recommend it. Extremely, extremely expensive and I hadn't even hit PLAY before I wrote my first initial review.... TLDR Pro/Con at the bottom.Upon starting the game, the first thing I noted was that it was running in windowed mode, the music didn't work, and when I went to click a button, the actual position of the mouse was not where it was portrayed to be. So, after attuning myself with the mouse's invisible location, I went to display to fix the resolution. As soon as I went to change the monitor to fullscreen, I noticed that it was already fullscreen but in windowed mode. So, I changed it anyway, and went to click APPLY - Except that you can't click on apply. It's greyed out and not selectable.After seeking support, I found I could change the resolution and full screen mode in the settings file in the folder. Turns out it's already set to full screen and 1920x1080. I restarted the game, and while the music worked, it was still in windowed mode and the mouse selection was even further off than it was before.[Update]After restarting the game four times, I finally got the ""APPLY"" buttons to work, however the game has no idea what the difference between Windowed and Full Screen means. When going to full screen, it flashes black but continues to be in windowed mode. Switching the resolution to my NVidia's dynamic screen resolution OR the native screen resolution made it unusable due to the false mouse positioning mentioned earlier. The mouse was only accurate if I chose a resolution lower than my native resolution!Furthermore, the menu was now tilted as if it was warping upward, so it was a task trying to read the thing without getting a headache.Regrettably, I'm about to try the game out despite all these problems. Will update the review later.[Final Update]I'm done. Despite the UI problems I decided to run a new game. I spent thirty minutes tracking down game, and when I finally figured out how to track down the overly sensitive AI, I took my shot. Hit center mass, just a bit forward, heart region. Damn thing ran away bleeding at ""Rate: Low"". When I finally found the body, the hit indicator showed how I had shot it in the upper leg and it bled out over a LONG period of time. Reviewed Nvidia Shadowplay (or whatever it is called now) and low-and-behold, I hit it center mass.Hit registration is BAD... Dynamic weather is BAD. The user interface is TERRIBLE.Pass.TL;DRPROS:- Graphics are very good. Comparable with Skyrim and it's graphics enhancements.- Hunting mechanics like tracking are well made and easy to understandCONS:- User Interface doesn't work- Game only runs in windowed mode, no full screen option- Tilted game menu gives me a headache- Animal Sensitivity- Hit registration- Basically everything that would be important in this game.Extremely disappointed."
76561198138833644,Not Recommended,518790,34068777,Posted: 6 August,all,Sherikhan,This game is worse than the previous version. animals run around in circle in front of me when startled like they are bugged. Progress all lost when I joined a multiplayer game because there is no obvious place to save progress. And whats with only 2 maps available and no lures in store...
76561198030930551,Not Recommended,518790,30090831,Posted: 21 February,all,Ammaroth,"Buggy as hell...A real shame cause honestly, in my opinion, this game does have a ton of potential... I'd recommend waitng to see if they can get it fully stable before picking it up."
76561197979318098,Not Recommended,518790,33612611,Posted: 17 July,all,Galerios,"Thats it. Im removing this game from my library. Too late to get a refund but at least I bought it on sale.I am sick of having to buy content that should be in the game from the start. I don't mind DLC but whenYou are putting things like tents and atv's in the paid DLC, Things that should have been added as free updates,Thats just low. I should have known better considering what a huge cash grab theHunter classic is. Fool me twice,Shame on me."
,Recommended,518790,33817786,Posted: 26 July,all,VandeGarde,"Ahhh yes! This is a very nice casual hunting game.The scenery and sounds are beautifull and relaxing.The guns and equipment feels good and there's a very satifying feeling when you get a kill.But ....it's not the kill....it's the thrill of the chase (Deep Purple-Knocking at your back door). And Ian was right.Rewarding system, buying other guns and equipment, big open map, achievements.All done rightVery cool hunting game."
,Not Recommended,518790,31214150,Posted: 18 April,all,P*ter,"EARLY ACCESS TITLE0 Mod Support, ZEROThe DLC policy is absolute cancer, you run like a turtle and they make you pay for an ATVThis game is not worth the money, they are terrible devs and try to squeeze as much money out of you as possibleBarely any gunsYou have to grind for everything, $6000 for a BowAfter 300 Meters the animals don't react to gun shots, being shot, or other animals dying untill they dieBears get stuck in rocks2 MapsThe Admins Perma banned me on the Steam Discussions because i asked for a Cheat Console in game"
,Recommended,518790,32057026,Posted: 29 May,all,Asgard,Unfair rating for a really great game.
76561198024183473,Not Recommended,518790,30797488,Posted: 28 March,all,Zyruz,"Well... the game it self is beutiful. Walking in the forest with you trusty old shotgun while the sun is shining thrue the leafs, that looks stunning and feels good to. So the grafics is indeed very good! But.... the game is full of buggs and tbh it dosent feel like the devs are doing so much. Tracks dissapere, animals get stuck and you might die when you are just taking a walk. There is 2 Maps in the game. Both are in the summer. Idk why they dident make the second map winter.. Been playing +40 hours Now and i continue to find bugs.. So for now i Dont recommend the game. Mostly becuase the say that the game is complete But its not! Its an Alpha game that they charge a full price for."
76561198353894388,Recommended,518790,30231739,Posted: 27 February,all,TheHunter58581,"This game could use a quad, but otherwise is a amazing game"
76561198358674177,Not Recommended,518790,30329941,Posted: 4 March,all,ELGreko_On_Of,"all the time crash gamesenseless game, graphics♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198215325103,Recommended,518790,30925152,Posted: 3 April,all,Karate,good game for people who love hunting
,Recommended,518790,30215539,Posted: 27 February,all,FKSevenASS,"Breath-taking light (plus all other environment) effects, perfect hunting experience.EXCEPT :Some terrible bugs (including stucked animals, weird UI, etc.) ;Animal poops a lot when being chasing (definitely scared XXXX of them lol).画面非常吊，游戏体验节奏慢但是很棒。还是存在不少bug，比如，有时候动物会被地形卡住，很影响游戏体验。还有就是，追踪动物的时候会发现神tm他们一直有屎拉，真是被吓出了屎......"
76561198143619409,Recommended,518790,30514490,Posted: 14 March,all,Isuckatcsgo,"The game appears to of had most of its bugs fixed in the last 2 weeks, its actualy rlly fun if your into stealth games and its worth the 30 dollars as a walking sim.--Update--Most bugs i have been dealing with have been patched, and the animals now have working Ai."
,Recommended,518790,30115107,Posted: 23 February,all,Reareose,"Ok I have been Playing for only 3 hours, and already I can tell you this game is awesome.  If you love hunting you will enjoy this game. As far as all these people talking about all these glitches I have no clue what they are talking about. I have tried and tried to cause these glitches. The only one I have found is the scope for second shot and the scope is back filling your screen before you could steady a second running shot anyway.  The menu works perfect and if you read it and look through it then you will have no issues getting around in this game. And as for not being able to get animals ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!!!!! I have over 10 animals tracked killed and harvested in 3 hours!!!! 3 HOURS! If you can't get an animal did you ever think maybe you aren't doing it correct???? Also as for calls they work almost to well, hear an animal call and call back that they comes straight to you np even on a trot many times. I have a Fox kill many Roe and Fallow deer and also a blacktail from the other hunting area. have not had any animals just disappear on me. But did lose one cause I lost the tracks which is on me not the game glitching. Also remember in hunter classic if you were near the edge of the map and your tracked animal left the map all tracks went away.  I can say this game looks great and works great, Glitches are pretty unnoticeable. Again I spend about 30 min. of my 3 hours trying to make it glitch and to find glitches.  Enjoy the game and dismiss the haters."
76561197972278924,Recommended,518790,30079282,Posted: 21 February,all,Deicide666ra,"I rarely do reviews, but I figured this game with it's current mitigated score could use a straight to the point review, I hope this helps you make a decision.First off a little about me, I'm no real life hunter and this is my first hunting game. I had been interested by the different games that existed before this one, but the general consensus seemed to be that they were all rip-offs, trying to squeeze the players out of their RL money with endless micro transactions and DLC's, etc.This game is gorgeous, they really nailed the outdoors feeling really well. I don't think I can name a game that has more beautiful trees/forests, it looks fantastic and the performance is also very good. I'm running it at high details (not ultra) and it's absolutely amazing and runs smooth on my mid-level gaming laptop (GTX970M, 16 gigs ram, i7 cpu).There are bugs though... LOTS of bugs, but so far, none are game-breaking. Animals sometimes get stuck in trees and rocks... There are bunnies or whatever that do a stupid amount of noise that doesn't sound natural. You can't walk up a 30% incline (approx). Your walking and run speed is affected by your FPS (this is most noticeable in multiplayer, reducing image quality will make you run faster). I could go on, the game kind of feels like it should be a beta or early release, they definitely still had a lot of ironing out to do before calling it gold IMHO, but despite all this, it's still an amazing game.So far, I'm getting my money's worth, there is no doubt, it's a unique experience, I really enjoy it."
76561198152198117,Recommended,518790,30513265,Posted: 14 March,all,Splace3,i really like the game and its beatyful but right now i cant see the tracks or blood so i have no i dea where the animals are going if i dont kill then in one hit and if they still run away and die after i cant find then but i hope they can fix that problem soon but i stilll enjoy the game.
,Recommended,518790,30251398,Posted: 28 February,all,Frorton,"First of all, nice game.While there are small bugs, like callers not working/water reflects looking awful/crappy map, most of the game is beautiful (I'm not even playing ultra) with a great atmosphere, and doesn't consume your GPU like a Witcher or GTA V.Of course you won't get to shoot at roes or deers as you can shoot pigeons at home.Patience is key in this game.For example I hunted down a deer I shot in the flesh (non-vital shot), I had to hunt him running away for2 hours.I won't point out every good/bad point of the game ,others already did it.All I have to say is if you have time to spare playing a nicely developed game and you like huntingpatientlyyour preys,I, from my 6 hours experience, recommend you buying this game."
,Recommended,518790,30025047,Posted: 18 February,all,uYr,chinese PLZ
,Recommended,518790,30193705,Posted: 26 February,all,Flippi,"Love this game. Quick to load,easy to play and damn hard to get a good kill with noobie gear. Lots of map space, POI's story line and quests. Lots of excitement every now and then. Gameply hunting wise is not linear, so you have no idea how long a low bloodloss  trail will last. You can run for ages after an animal and never get to it or it may just fall few 100m from the shot.Love watching Youtube clips on hunts and their comments / tactics. The main thing is its fun! Not a high stress game. Take advantage of bugs  where animals get sutck, guns and XP is not cheap. You pay for building of hunting lookouts. Ammo is not cheap!Few minor tweaks and it will be perfect. NOTHING beats the view and the fact that you can spot animals miles away! Sound is excellent but need few close-up tweaks.This is MY review, and I think this game is AWESOME!"
76561197987351248,Not Recommended,518790,30478512,Posted: 12 March,all,J-Man,"Watch Out for this game.  I tried to return it but, I spent several hours trying to get in to work correctly and therefore listed as played more than 2 hours, and not eligable for return.!   thanks steam!So I worked my buns off trying to work with tech and was finally able to play but it is so full of bugs I FINALLY GAVE UP AND REMOVED IT FROM MY SYSTEM....So disapointing .. that a game would be launched so buggy and unplayable most the time..   Thanks for protecting us from this type of crap Steam..    I am very disapointed in you ""STEAM"" as well.  not good. Hope I get better service in the furture Guys."
,Recommended,518790,30206481,Posted: 26 February,all,Cosmic Cretin,"Pros;- No Micro Transactions- Gameplay Feels Excellent- Huge Open Worlds- Multiplayer- Lots of AnimalsCons;- Odd Glitch (most have been fixed through patch though)Really good game for a good price, definitely better than the original thehunter."
,Recommended,518790,30023306,Posted: 18 February,all,JkaunS,"The game is really buggy at the time I'm writing a review, but the bugs don't really get in the way of enjoying the game itself. And it's always the same with EW, they release broken stuff but they eventually get it working most of the times and I'm feeling that they will fix most of the issues they can.+Huge Maps+Lots of Animals+Missions are fun and some are challenging+Night Hunting+Multiplayer (- if you are not the host you can't discover new lookouts, outposts, lores nor build towers)-Lots of bugs-Optimization is not the best-Huge grind to get moneyIf you are not so sure about getting the game just wait a couple of weeks or until it gets a sale."
,Recommended,518790,30005720,Posted: 18 February,all,Seoski Pas,Needs time.
76561197968507675,Recommended,518790,30533780,Posted: 15 March,all,Wolfy,"This has got to be one of the best, most annoying games I've played in recent years. The hunting experience is fantastic and the gameplay is a joy, however the constant 'quality of life' issues just make it a hassle to play.The maps are huge and detailed however movement speed is glacial and there are no vehicles. Fast travel is limited to a handful of spaced out locations that must be unlocked by spending hours walking to them.Huge amounts of grinding are required to unlocked better equipment, for some bizarre reason the developer has felt the need to restrict players as to their style of play, perhaps to add longevity, but I would have appreciated the option to just unlock everything, after all, I am the player and it is my game.There are some bizarre design choices, like the 'consecutive harvest' feature. In short, if you want to get high scores for your harvests you need to rack up multiple harvests beforehand for no apparent reason.The UI is awkward and unclear especially re movement speeds and noise as well as visibility (apparently using a controller is the best way to play, unacceptable for a PC game).Bugs are frequent, although the developers are working hard to iron them out, however as plenty of other reviewers have stated, the game should not have been released in the state that it is (or at least, for the price that it is).There is no steam workshop/mod support that I can see. This would be by far the easiest way to start fixing bugs and letting players customise their experience, and is the lifeblood of PC gaming imho that adds years to the longevity of any game.I've really enjoyed the hours I've put in so far, but I'm going to take a break until the game becomes a bit more accessible, otherwise I fear I will just grow to resent it.I would certainly recommend the game, but perhaps err on the side of caution and wait for a sale or additional patches to come out."
,Recommended,518790,30364734,Posted: 6 March,all,damnReg,amazing atmosphere
,Recommended,518790,30153385,Posted: 24 February,all,-=]ES[=-Heavy D [BOoOM],"used to play this alot and when i did played the game find it little boring still do now, But i will say the graphic are simply great and better then when i 1st played the game on demo. So i know the graphic have change in game big time. and the feeling of finnly finding and shoting the animal that youve been stalking for the last 10 hours is just simply   boring thats prob why find the game boring. everytime kill  a animale from long distanes it disapers time you get there. STUPID !! But i will say i do keep playing trying change my mind on game. Also it is ashame that your limited in map and to go out in water and outside of map. But end of the day apart from the boring limited side and some times the things you kill disapers it the grathic i like think it has done well in that side of things. Has for the game it self yeah its ok but not worth 29.99 or more. The price need to be dropped BIGTIME."
76561197987418739,Recommended,518790,31290766,Posted: 22 April,all,Coverchrg,"Good game but I'd wait for several bug patches before purchasing. There are far too many ""super animals"" here. Just tired of getting a ""vital hit"" on an animal, finding huge pools of blood everywhere, but the animal NEVER drops below 50% life and has the stamina of a marathon runner so I spend HOURS chasing and tracking it in circles around some lake. Can never catch it no matter what I try, and never see it again to take a second shot on it. Too many hours wasted for no pay-off. Go to the free to play version and play that while you wait."
76561198267811897,Not Recommended,518790,30329749,Posted: 4 March,all,xMotoCross1x,"Maybe if there was not a thousands of bud we would be no crashing and if you could see the animals tracks and blood that would be cool. And alos that it would be cool if i could be able to run fast as my friend in mulitplayer, and other things."
,Recommended,518790,33160573,Posted: 2 July,all,Sir Shakes,Can't wait for them to update the game more.  It reminds me of an old gamecube hunting game I used to play.
,Recommended,518790,33599830,Posted: 16 July,all,TheFiresInside,Makes a hunting game relaxing and fun. As it should be.
76561198181215430,Recommended,518790,33665931,Posted: 19 July,all,RyanJ351W,games awesome just really wish it was more of an actual hunting game vs stalking deer/elk/moose/an bear for hours or walking through the woods slowly till you hear something. needs to have more guns and species of animals gets boring shooting elk after elk. all in all its taken up my past 2 days.
,Recommended,518790,32782313,Posted: 25 June,all,The Magical Seal of Knowledge,"A very fun game to just chill and explore. (Some of the best graphics I have ever seen in a game) There are a few glitches in the game that will hopefully be fixed and the multiplayer is okay for just hunting and having some fun with your friend. A new reserve in Africa would be cool (such as the Kruger National Park in South Africa?) Glad I bought the game, Loving it so far."
,Recommended,518790,32893077,Posted: 27 June,all,CarryPotter #Patronum,"Very enjoyable game! Nice graphics, i recommend alot. Its really good to play when u want to chill"
,Recommended,518790,32904825,Posted: 27 June,all,sleepy,สนุก ฆ่าเวลาได้ดี
76561198119609060,Recommended,518790,32910177,Posted: 27 June,all,[42ndVA.A]Cpl.Edward .J. Mathews,This is a great game and way better than the original so if they combine the two it wouldbe the best hunting game for 2017-2018. also this game is buy once and play forever but the other game is pay to play .
,Not Recommended,518790,33174989,Posted: 3 July,all,Trump 2016,"Frequent crashes, low optimisation, long load times starting and exiting, and unfun gameplay.I might have enjoyed this game but I was counting down the minutes till I was unable to refund it to make sure I still could. Killing something takes hours and I just don't have that kind of time to figure out whether or not I like a game before I get to fire a shot at something."
76561198028736778,Recommended,518790,33158210,Posted: 2 July,all,Propellerhead,Realy good game!VERY nice graphics - and gameplay!
,Recommended,518790,32781493,Posted: 25 June,all,Qmzp2,"Good fun. I didn't think I'd like a hunting game thinking it would be slow and boring but its more entertaining than I'd expect. Only complaint is the optimization isn't too good. On a Fx-9590, two GTX 770s (idk if sli even works for this game) and 20GB ram I get 50 fps on a low-medium setup, though the game looks pretty good even on low settings."
76561197972323150,Not Recommended,518790,32822210,Posted: 26 June,all,kKvorning,"As many others have said, it feels like there is a lot of bugs and unfininshed work in this game. You can hit them in the head or spine, and they just run off, thats usually not possible. There is also something wrong with the tracks of animal sometimes they just arent there even though i just spottet the animal in that exact spotSo at this stage i would not recommend it.The graphics is great though."
,Recommended,518790,32159941,Posted: 3 June,all,Jeffrey2457,"Love it! Has some bugs, but it's still hasn't had time to mature, yet.Pros:-Buy2Play, no monthly premium or licenses.-Large maps, currently only 2 maps, but both are very large and full of flora and fauna.-Plenty of weapons and ammo types, considering the game hasn't been released for a long time, as of now.Cons:-There is currently 1 paid DLC and it should've either been free or already in the game...(However, at least the price isn't absurd, but as said, it should still have been implemented in base game...)-One bug to rule them all; Find a herd of animals, shoot at one of them, and the entire dang herd is broken. Can't hunt any of them.I hope they iron out some of the major bugs and learn from the mistake of the Tents and Blinds Paid DLC as the game matures, the game has a lot of potential and so far I am loving it, just as much as I did theHunter Classic when that first released."
,Recommended,518790,32736914,Posted: 24 June,all,♿Southern♿,"Great game in theory and concept. It's an okay game in reality, and I say that because I appreciate hunting animals in Dayz and Rust more than I do in this game so clearly there is something they're doing that just doesn't float my boat.Pros: Good landscape/Decent GraphicsCons: Glitchy animals/Slow paced/Money Hundry Devs?"
76561198089255872,Recommended,518790,32974884,Posted: 28 June,all,Justin,"Needs to add more maps like a winter map or other parts of the world like africa, more dangerous or florida or lousiansa, and add boats to hunt gators and they need to add fishing tooo!!!!!"
76561198065010584,Recommended,518790,33275464,Posted: 5 July,all,✪fuckaduck✪,Best hunting game out there!Maby just add more save options and more animals in future DLC's..10/10
76561198092640167,Recommended,518790,33396038,Posted: 8 July,all,Pulsify,"I am a hunter IRL and in my opinion this is by far the most realistic hunting game ever created. All of the stupid cabelas games I played growing up don't even compete with this game. There are countless amounts of things to do and I don't even think i've done them all. Multiplayer is great to play with friends and walk through the open world mindlessly looking for big game.CON: DLC is a little annoying, the map is huge and you have to pay to have a faster form of trasportation. The hunting blinds and tents are great also, but you shouldn't have to pay for this ""extra"" stuff that should already be included.Overall: This game is great and I hope to see them continue to update and add things."
,Recommended,518790,33437876,Posted: 10 July,all,[GRD] GeneticFreak,"This game has awesome visuals and the most realistic forest graphics I've seen in a game up to date (2017)Gameplay-wise it's not a total simulation but it's hardcore enough for most players, and it's fun in SP or MP altough there are a few bugs here and there."
76561197997623329,Recommended,518790,33720254,Posted: 22 July,all,Jeff Kaos,Cool Hunting Game Marred by Some Terrible Missions.The game itslef is fun and well designed but some of the missions are frustartingly difficult to near impossible to complete. Normally this would be fine if these missions happened late in the game but the one's I've encountered where fairly early and I can only assume they're going to get even more ridiculous as I play the game.
,Recommended,518790,33772657,Posted: 24 July,all,mikeymike121290,"good solid game, need some minor touch ups, in rest very nice to play and walk in the forest"
76561198055719005,Recommended,518790,33348761,Posted: 7 July,all,aforsz,"So far, there are no better hunting games! The graphics are impressive, the forest, the nature, the weather is as close as possible to real."
76561198361775720,Recommended,518790,32837336,Posted: 26 June,all,Diving In,"This is a pretty good game. It is surprisingly fun and addictive. There are some imperfections with the lack of weapons, animals getting stuck in place and becoming invincible, and the tents and blinds dissapearing. This can all be fixed with time so I am not gonna make a big deal about it. The maps are huge and look amazing. I got the game on sale for $20 and i feel like this should probably be the regular price with the lack of content as it stands right now. I currently have about 11 hours on the game and have only gotten 2 skill points and 1 perk point, the system is really slow for perks and skills in my opinion.  The game could also use a friends tab so you can find your friend's games without having to open up steam and find your way to thier profile. Overall I really enjoy the game and feel like it is a huge step up from the last game even though it was free. The previous game may have been more of a simulator than this one but I rather see and find more animals with this game than wait or search for hours at a time for a single animal like in the original."
76561197971113659,Recommended,518790,33324184,Posted: 6 July,all,StabbyMcStabface,"I don't hunt and I don't own guns. I've never purchased a hunting game in my life, actually. This one won me over with its graphics, though, so I pulled the trigger. Hours later I found myself hopelessly lost in the gorgeous scenery, sneaking up on deer and shooting them in their cute little faces. I then shot a fox and took its spine! Now I am covered in the blood of nature and I am its king! KING!!!8/10 - Would like to see the ability to set up an actual interactive campsite AND fishing...also cooking and skinning."
73832545475346123,Recommended,518790,33363389,Posted: 7 July,all,Gold Nova,Best crawl simulator ever!
76561198028423015,Recommended,518790,33703728,Posted: 21 July,all,Ronin1101,"Game is great from a graphics and gameplay stand point, but I just Wished all main animals for all Regions are present...Grizzly Bear, Kodiak Brown Bear, Wolves, and Cougars...Just Like to keep looking over my shoulder trying to end up on the Menu!!! Balance of power!!! Artic Region Polar bear and Seals......"
76561198016987513,Not Recommended,518790,30080530,Posted: 21 February,all,x2mass,"Do NOT buy this crap game!Don't make mistake (as I did) and don't support lazy and worst dev team!!Game full of bugs, you'll spend your time in constantly restarting and re-loading, no matter what kind of PC you have."
,Recommended,518790,29979511,Posted: 17 February,all,FryGuy,"Everyone else is covering the bad stuff, so I'll leave it at this - a few bugs, nothing that I'm not able to work around. I'm sure they will be patched out soon. Otherwise, very immersive hunting experience. Yes, there are lots of ways to find metric♥♥♥♥♥♥tons of wildlife. Why does that have to be a bad thing? It feels great to sit in a bush at a feeding ground and pick off everything that walks up with a bow. Since you need in-game money to buy new guns/ammo, the balance feels right. Every kill gives at least enough money for a whole box of bullets or arrows. Wait for it to go on sale maybe, then it will be definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,518790,33168930,Posted: 2 July,all,Rjbloom,"So far with the hours I have in this game I really think its worth the money. But like other people have said, the DLC that came out afterwards should have already been in the base game. A little bit of a rip off but oh well at least the hunts are free and guns (in a way) are free compared to the original ""The Hunter"".Pro's - (main things)- Huge world.- Very beautiful and smooth gameplay- Good selection of guns-Smart AI (The animals)- Free huntingCon's - (Main things)- DLC should be in base game- Not a lot of animals YET- Not a lot of items YET (Calls, Scents, Lures)Basically this game just needs to be out for a little while longer and add more stuff to it. Hopefully they a will make some of the updates/DLC free. But like I said for the hours I have in the game so far it REALLY beats the original hunters. (Hunter primal and the hunter.) Hope this review helps in any way!  I do recommend it if you are willing to wait for more updates. Still a great game though!"
76561198097045655,Not Recommended,518790,30228961,Posted: 27 February,all,000,"BUGS, UNOPTIMZEDNO"
,Not Recommended,518790,30364831,Posted: 6 March,all,bigcountry,played it for a little over an hour in that time i saw three deer two of them were running in place. One of those deer hurt me somehow when i walked up to it and shot it. also why is my @@@@@@@ cursor visible while im playing this game is curently crap and unplayable. waste of thirty dollars this is why i stopped gamimg.
76561198012387380,Not Recommended,518790,30069679,Posted: 20 February,all,=HGW= jesselav1233,graphics are top notch and run very well even at 4k resolution. i really wanted to like this game but its really slow and im having a hard time having fun in it. i feel like im always tracking in the game and dont see to many actual animals. maybe i suck at the game and thats the problem but i find the game boring in its current state.
76561198023319871,Recommended,518790,34015110,Posted: 4 August,all,Goldenhigh,"Good game to play really can get lost in the wilderness tracking animals played a good few hours. Sometimes it looks so real you can almost smell the forest or feel the wind. AI can be a bit buggy but 95% of the times its fine and slowly tracking an animal as it moves because it hears you rustling is cool when you finally catch it. Foxes have insane hearing so hard to catch those f*ckersSo far I have only killed a few of the many animal types and played just one of the 2 maps. Id like to see more animal types in each map and multiplayer features added, like why cant my buddy unlock lures and need zones in my server and have them added to his map thats just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lolSome people give it a bad review because of the DLC these people are total ragers the game is still worth it at 34 euro after you buy the 4x4, if you complain about ""the devs"" look at the previous hunter games its what they do and people still love the games"
,Recommended,518790,30041581,Posted: 19 February,all,Gary Winthorpe,Great game so far just need to wait till they fix some of the bugs it gets crazy!
76561198051345075,Recommended,518790,30041918,Posted: 19 February,all,Imperial239,"Достойная игра, а баги  исправят!"
76561197974485150,Recommended,518790,30049803,Posted: 19 February,all,Barrett FireArms,"I see alot mixed comments about this game. Has some bugs yes but not to bad, just launched so not to surpised. Graphics/Map. 12/10. The map is perfect. Allthough the placed deer stands and such, could have been placed better. Animals act pretty good. There is room for improvment, example. you fire of couple rounds the other animals are likely to come back after some time. Not likely in real life. The game needs more stuff added yes, Placable deer stands a big need! more scents, gun, Season added etc. For the money it is well wourth it. And with them having alot of stuff in there previous game free to play. I'm sure they will add plenty later on when they get the bugs out. Far as performance No issues at all runing the game. I am runing a 1080 Strix though Lower older card may have issue unsure. Been along time since I saw a huntting game wourth my time like 13 years long or longer. I gave it a shoot, And glad I did. I look forward to seeing how the expand to this game, The map just WoW all I can say! Best map ive seen in a game since I can remeber. I hihjly recomending Supporting this game. I'm not a big hunter fan And I love it. There things that could be improved like trophy seeing or bragging rights if you will. But for the money well wourth it.."
76561198022953922,Recommended,518790,30887991,Posted: 1 April,all,Plaute,"Excellent game, beautyfull locations, very detailed, getting better every week. a must for the hunting players waiting for more content."
,Recommended,518790,30910221,Posted: 2 April,all,Bushman,"Beautiful game. Haven't been able to put it down yet. You can easily play this game for hours and not realize it.You have a lot to keep yourself occupied with. A lot of terrain to explore. Massive map.The only thing I can think of that would make this game better is fishing, tree stands, and that would be badass if you could somehow have hunting cameras.Some people are talking about glitches and bugs, but not sure what ones there are, because I have yet to come across one and I have put in enough time that I wopuld think I would have seen a few by now.Definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,518790,33469984,Posted: 11 July,all,TodaysJuice,"As I kneel in the tall grass my pulse quickens. The last six hours have led to this moment. I line up my sights, aiming for the bear's heart. Taking a controlled breath, I place my finger on the the rifle's trigger.Suddenly, the wind picks up and the bear becomes alert. It stands up on it's hind legs with a roar; it's caught my scent. I pull the trigger but my shot is misplaced and hits the bear's shoulder. I scramble up to my feet as I see a mass of black fur racing towards me. I let off another shot in panic.A miracle.The bear drops to ground, sliding to a stop. I've earned this kill.theHunter: Call of the Wild is not only the most exhilarating game I have ever experienced, it has also allowed me to learn skills that my father should have taught me."
76561198020829624,Recommended,518790,34143741,Posted: 10 August,all,=]DI[= anglomanii,"SO yes It's a walking simulater, yes It lacks the Content of the Classic game, the sound needs ALOT of work,  yes there are Bugs, lots of Bugs and yes the missions are tiresome repetitive and often broken. BUT OMG DOES IT LOOK GOOD! i mean this game just looks fantastic. It feels good, it is good, and it has the potential to be amazing."
,Recommended,518790,33391649,Posted: 8 July,all,sushi ^-^,"This game is full of fun experiences, and definitely worth the money.You can wander from different regions and find a whole different range of animals, the times can change how many animals there are wandering, the wind directs your scent which can cause the animals to smell you.For a person that has never gone hunting, this gave me an experience more than I could of wished for.But theres alot to talk about that could be added, or is a problem in the game.First off, the game could have a larger range of animals, seeing as within the first 10-15 hours of playing the game, I had experienced, sighted, tracked and killed nearly every single animal in the game, even the hardest like the European Bison.If there was a different weather system in a different region, like a snowy biome, or a desert biome, because these different biomes could have a different range of animals from thing such as polar bears to arctic rabbits, and kangaroo's to camels. This would bring a whole new experience to this game which would intrigue you to play more, and would be a big part of the game.although 50 square acres is alot of space for the maps, it gets very repetitive, and would help if you could change up from different biomes and weather systems.The Multi-player could do with some re-works seeing as 2 different players are sometimes not synced, with sounds and animal locations, and the progression has to be done by the host, and the host only which limits where the 2nd player can spawn/fast travel causing it to be hard work to be able to explore more of the map together.Conclusion: The whole game as it stands is amazing, and a really good hunting simulator, but on the other hand it could have more maps and animals to be less repetitive, and multiplayer could do with some fixes and reworking."
76561198052222248,Not Recommended,518790,33994526,Posted: 3 August,all,rekt,"if you wanne buy into an very early alpha for the price of a full game buy this bugged piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥with almost no base features and get ♥♥♥♥ed in the♥♥♥♥♥very very hard, you can shoot a deer in the head and it keeps on running for 20km like in real life of courseIGN 10/10 Best call of duty ever"
,Recommended,518790,33752093,Posted: 23 July,all,Tk-210 (Paul),Pretty fun so far ballistics and damage models could do with some work with obtaining realism.
76561198018633115,Recommended,518790,30335603,Posted: 5 March,all,Žomek,awsome hunting experience
76561198044067986,Recommended,518790,30258472,Posted: 1 March,all,Azatorn,"If you like walking in Oblivion or Skyrim only for the pleasure of walking in a beautiful open world, you should buy this game. Even if, like me, you're not in the ""hunting thing"".I've never seen such beauty since The vanishing of Ethan Carter but unlike this game, TheHunter call of the Wild"" is a huge open World.TheHunter simply has the most beautiful and realistic open world environment I've ever seen in a game.I'm running the game on ultra settings on my 8Go ram I5 / Nvidia 770 GTX (1900x1080)and I've not experienced crashes or technical problems so far."
,Recommended,518790,33329638,Posted: 6 July,all,Agu,Never thought I'd play a hunting game and get this into it. The game is very immersive and beautiful. Very fun to play.
76561198190957043,Recommended,518790,33591857,Posted: 16 July,all,SpinFire,"Needs Fishing, Food/Water, Campfires, etc. Bug fixing/Optimizations, other than all that its a good game-survival aspects added could make this game great Hunting/ Fishing Sim. ps Pickup truck would be ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!"
76561198054071065,Recommended,518790,33256714,Posted: 4 July,all,Zebbie,"I Bought this game durring the Steam Summer Sale. I only played about 20 hours at this point, but so far I LOVE THIS GAME!I'm not really a Hunter, so im not really qualified to critic mechanics on Hunting. But for me, it seems very realistic. The scenery is brethtaking! There is also an in game Camera so you can take pictures and they also can be uploaded to your Steam Screen Shots. (Photographers may like this feature) I have already posted several for my friends to see. So far i have only played 1 of 2 massive maps. They are Huge. And you can explore them on 4 Wheelers.I love how the ATV's sound and are controled. Real cool in 1st person mode. I haven't had any gameplay issues yet ""knocks on Wood"" But one silly thing is u can't run over wildlife on the ATV, its like u hit a wall. But its still cool. One time i was running over some rocks and i went flying like a ragdoll, it was super funny.There is also game controller support, i use my X-Box Controller to drive the ATV but rather use Keyboard / Mouse for Hunting. I also gifted a copy to a friend, its a blast with friends. Hunting was a bit tough for me at first, but its slowly getting better with experience, skill points, and perks. There is some DLC, but 3 of them were free, the other 2 were real cheap and not really needed to play.Would be cool if they added the ability to actually go inside the cabins and hang out or display some trophies or something. Light a Fireplace? Its a very relaxing game though and for $20 i'm very happy with this purchase. I also researched the game in U-Tube before i bought it. There are some funny Videos out there, kind of what pushed me over the edge to buy another game."
76561198023741250,Recommended,518790,30742645,Posted: 25 March,all,Arcticwolf502,Chased a herd of deer for 10 feet and they all got stuck on the same tree.Murdered them one by one with my shotgun.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥again
,Recommended,518790,33894041,Posted: 29 July,all,NicePastry,"I really like this hunting game. First of all the graphics, and scenery are absolutely beautiful. The Pacific Northwest map really looks like the PNW, and reminds me of some areas of Oregon that I have hunted before.There's no time constraint or quests to complete that will sink your time before you can exit the game. This game is great whether you have 15 minutes to kill before you walk out the door, or you have a couple hours to play. Game play can be very fun at times, and extremely frustrating at others, a lot like hunting.I would recommend this game if you're into hunting. The tracking, and stealth system is decent. The animals have great UI, but not flawless. Progression can be slow, best to start off with smaller animals and deer for points to upgrade your rifle. Otherwise, you'll be doing a lot more tracking, and less shooting and bagging."
,Recommended,518790,31226633,Posted: 18 April,all,BackGnat37,The game is superb but miss something a crossbow please add a crossbow and the games will be perfect the bow is good but the crossbow is better in my personal opinion
76561198109828951,Not Recommended,518790,34170743,Posted: 11 August,all,蟹黄味蚕豆(Bean),"OK,I will write directly,please repair the bugthe BIGGEST BUG is:I bought the correct calibre from the store and put the bullet in my backpack, but I could never fit the bullet into the gun. I downloaded the game again, but it still doesn't work. I can only use initial weapons."
76561198212694145,Recommended,518790,30024170,Posted: 18 February,all,ignytious,"LITTLE BUGGY BUT REALLY LOVE THIS GAME - PLAYED THE HUNTER ORIGINAL SINCE 2013,  GRAPHICS ARE EXCELLENT AND GAME PLAY IS FANTASTIC WELL WORTH THE WAIT!!!!"
,Recommended,518790,30953080,Posted: 4 April,all,Mein Kampf,Great game way better then their free to play piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,518790,31088189,Posted: 11 April,all,Jaxer,Great graphics and great gameplay only issue i have is there is only 2 hunting reserves.7/10 due to the lack of other places to go will change if they add more...Much better than the pay to play/win TheHunter from years ago.
76561197965546900,Recommended,518790,34219680,Posted: 13 August,all,JEWS DID IT YOU KNOW WHAT,"Completely recommend it especially if it begins to look like older theHunter games, right now the ammount of fauna to hunt is alright but not too much, older theHunter games had a lot more fauna including birds.The gtame is still pretty good I bought it for 20 bucks and I completely recommend it."
76561198220210439,Recommended,518790,30417142,Posted: 9 March,all,fuwell30,"Okay. First of all, really good game, I just bought and donwloaded it a few days ago and I've already logged over ten hours. Second, this game is a tad bit broken. It has crashed several times on me and I am worried that I won't be able to play this anymore if this continues. I'll say it again, this game is really good. So just fix the crashing problem, please."
76561198074754935,Recommended,518790,32148528,Posted: 3 June,all,DevilsJesster,"It's a very nice game, better the the first one. I do have to say a few thing's, altho people are working on it still there are a few bug's here and there but will not break your imersion. For the main topic I wanna say that I am glad you do not have to buy each weapon, attachment, callers, lures, etc. with real money well until I saw the DLC for tents and blindes, it's not that bad, once you buy it you can buy as many you want with in game money... but guys you said no extra payment other then the game... don't let the money get to you.... stand by your word.Great Game, nice graphics and a leveling system LOVE IT 9\10 (just bcs of the DLC) :D"
,Recommended,518790,34134304,Posted: 9 August,all,Wrath,"Aim for heart and lungs, be patient, travel upwind. Great game."
,Recommended,518790,34145871,Posted: 10 August,all,Just...Johnny,The game is great but you need a little beast to run it
76561197971735679,Recommended,518790,30044376,Posted: 19 February,all,Vorthelok,"After playing theHunter classic for over 300 hours I was excited to try CotW. Let me begin by saying that the current state of the game is that it feels unfinished. A few more weeks of testing and bug fixing was not a bad idea.So expect things  like ui not working, game crashing, sounds sometimes not playing when they should. Game mechanics not working,animals getting stuck...that sort of thing.However, I feel this game has great potential to be a very immersive and beautiful (the graphics look fantastic) hunting simulator. The sim aspects are familiar If you have played theHunter classic ,you will know how it works. It's basically the same,stay downwind, dont make too much noise and hear the animal call to llocate it.I had some good fun hunting but the game definitly needs more work and lets hope the devs are up to it. If they manage to sort out the bugs this could be a great game"
,Recommended,518790,30059816,Posted: 20 February,all,egehanhk,"I like the game, and will probably play it a lot. You really need to be patient when you play this game, so it is not a game everyone would like. Also, the level progress is really slow, so don't expect to be hunting moose in the first 10's of hours.There are a few critical bugs which really should've been fixed prior to the release. I'm hoping they will fix those."
,Recommended,518790,30068651,Posted: 20 February,all,Spacewalk,Actually pretty fun game.  Requires patience.
76561198039046424,Not Recommended,518790,30103865,Posted: 22 February,all,bennithemcq,Its not worth 30€
76561198000369681,Recommended,518790,29969962,Posted: 16 February,all,Sumodaz,"I spent an hour tracking a deer in an amazing looking and well designed environment before taking the shot. It is exactly what I was looking for in a hunting simulation. The game runs nicely on ultra settings on my medium-high spec pc. Some of the more gamey features have been tastefully added without affecting the realism of what is and should be a simulation game. Would recommend to anyone who wants a slow, fantastic looking relaxing hunting simulation."
76561198004464020,Recommended,518790,29984408,Posted: 17 February,all,Gildor2,"It's like a neurotic supermodel.  Beautiful on the outside, great to look at but has flaws that need fixing to make her perfect."
76561197965945476,Recommended,518790,30082803,Posted: 21 February,all,-=Xeonic=-,"It's O.K once you learn the menu and glitches. Good graphics. I just wish there was more to it, like Pheasant and Grouse hunting, I love flushing Grouse from the bush. Migratory game bird hunting. Actually gutting and skinning your kill. All part of the hunting experience."
76561198033643063,Recommended,518790,30083449,Posted: 21 February,all,-AKA-Punisher,"Ok , first off the game looks AMAZING i have had no issues other than a few animals getting stuck on rocks but i can deal with that , When i go from the bow to my rifle the scope goes to a small scope and cant see through it so i have to either go open sites or restart and then the transition is normal . the few things i would like to see added ,1. the ability to right click the map and save current position so we dont have to walk 30 min to get to the same spot ( walking doesnt realy bother me im used to DayZ lol )2. the ability to skin and dress the animals as we would do in the wild .3. possibly the hunger and thirst thing would be cool .4. more reserves with more animals you guys have done great with the terrain i would like to see what you come up with as DLC'si have 27 hrs in and still going thanks for the hard work ."
,Recommended,518790,29966582,Posted: 16 February,all,Mindless,Good game hopefully devs will add as many animals as The Hunter Classic had
76561198032901419,Recommended,518790,29966696,Posted: 16 February,all,rt974,"Hi,I discovered this game yesterday on my personal queue, i was surprised the game was published today ! I bought the game for the environment design. Gorgeous landscapes. One of the Best vegetation in games i have seen recently.I apreciate the fact that the game doesnt force you into doing some scripted actions at the begining. You are free to do anything you want. If you like exploration, you are served.So i walked straigth for a few minutes, looking at the amazing environment, weather, everything, the atmosphere is just too good. You are there in the wild, and the camps are nicely positionned.Then i noticed some deer footsteps on the ground, so i began to follow the traces, a long time passed, 10-20 mins until i found a group of deer, im not even sure it was the original one that i followed i may have lost track multiple times and followed some new traces by mistake.This first contact with the animals was a great mess, missed the shots, scared them away. took me 30 more mins to find my first trophee. :pIve seen the post with the list of animals, for the moment i met a rabbit, a fox, some deers, a ram, i heard a boar, didnt see him, im definitely going to spend many hours and hunt them down.I used to play Far cry for the hunting/exploration part, If you like hunting, you should buy this immediately."
76561197985172700,Recommended,518790,29972592,Posted: 16 February,all,katan28,"Okay. TheHunter: Call of the Wild™...is it any good?ehm...yes, it is...BUT, and this is the BUTTEST of BUTS, it could be great and it isnt right now.It is buggy. The controls and the menu's are doing weird things all over the place.The challenge is okay. Sneaking up on deer has not become TOO easy. Landing a good shot is still something that takes practice. However, there are a reasonable amount of animals around and they are not as easily startled as in the TheHunter classic. This is an understandable choice, given the different game mechanics, but it takes some getting used to.All in all, the gameplay could use some finetuning, the bugs definitely need to be FIXED as quickly as possible (it is a disgrace that the product is so buggy), but the game is generally fine.And this brings us to the best feature of the game. IT IS GORGEOUS. absolutely gorgeous. If you are like me and you spent many hours into TheHunter classic, you are probably okay with how the old game looks. Not great, but it works and it stills conveys the idea of a realistic hunt. But this is a new level of looks. the foliage and the grass bending away when you walk through out, the light breaking through the trees. It is so beautiful and gives a whole different esthetic to the game.Just yes. In this case, I would say, trust that the developers will fix the things that need fixing. They are a very community oriented bunch and they do listen to what the community says. If that happens, if the bugs get fixed and the gameplay finetuned, we have a mighty fine hunting game on our hands. Buy it. It works."
76561198038998887,Recommended,518790,30030352,Posted: 19 February,all,Jarrett,"May be buggy at times, but addictive with the most realistic visuals"
76561198129775249,Recommended,518790,30067060,Posted: 20 February,all,_unknown_,"Never usually post reviews, however after seeing the negative reviews, I felt I had to.  The game for me runs ultra smoothly and so far only experienced one bug with the scope clipping. If you're a fan of thehunter classic I can't recommend this game enough, I can see all the hard work. The only negative I can think of is a bit of work needed on the whitetail models. An amazing game"
,Not Recommended,518790,30096795,Posted: 22 February,all,vine063,"Well...I played the hunter classic since 2012 and i still play it and enjoy it.I had really high hopes for this game,but in the end I did someting i never tought i would,I requested a refound.And here is the reason why(If you don't feel like reading all that I would ratie it 5/10):-Countless bugs and glitches-Animals are too common,so you don't really care for killing one-No trophy shots(yea there is a camera but it's just not it) or leaderborads-There isn't really a lot of equipment-No small game(ducks,goose,there is rabbits but they aren't harvestable) *Probably will be added in dlc-The graphics are really beautiful,but sometime times it looks like the original hunter-(Many people don't find his a problem,but i do)Animals are too easy to kill,in the sense that if you hit just one lung it 90%of the time dies on the spot or runs like a few meters.I really hope all these issues are going to be fixed,until then i will probably spend my 30$ on the hunter classic"
76561198011764960,Recommended,518790,29972190,Posted: 16 February,all,Camolon,"The game has an amazing atmosphere and the world is masterfully crafted, the menus are suffering from alot of bugs and needs improvment and some of the gameplay elements seems a little rushed."
76561198027274992,Recommended,518790,30008387,Posted: 18 February,all,Jeff Keith,"After nearly twelve hours I haven't found anything game breaking in this ""broken, buggy, early-access game"". The bugs that I've encountered can be easily worked around. The game is fun, give the devs a chance to read feedback and answer questions. The game has been out for two days, don't down vote it simply because it isn't perfect and you're too stupid figure anything out on your own.- A HEEL review"
76561197981498270,Not Recommended,518790,30067230,Posted: 20 February,all,De Woudloper woody,After walking for 1 hour to find my friends in multiplayer without any animal... the game crashed.. for the 20th time...its full of bugs/random crashes...enjoy walking sim 2017
,Recommended,518790,30068085,Posted: 20 February,all,flippin_ninja,"Alright the game has been out for just under a week and i already have >20 hours time played.  This is a great follow up theHunter original - i would say if you enjoyed that game and your computer can handle the new engine then you will also enjoy Call of the Wild.  The environment and graphics are incredible.  The sound stage is great.  The improvments to draw distance were so needed and really breathe new life into Call of the Wild (draw distance was why i stopped playing the original game).Overall there are a few glitchy things but i think the devs still deserve credit for a solid release.  Reading through some of the other reviews and discussions i think some people are definitely blowing the issues out of proportion.  I can recall a number of AAA titles with a $60 price tag in the last year that have had far far far worse bugs (i.e. AAA titles with actual game breaking bugs: falling through maps, blue screen of death, etc.) and i have not experienced anything even remotely close to that magnitude with theHunter.  There are a few hiccups in the menus (both start and in game).  The animal UI is suitable for now but also has some opportunities around movement patterns, behavior on steep terrain, and fleeing.Sure, there are a couple of things that need to be ironed out but the potential is CLEARLY here.  I have already gotten more than $30 of enjoyment out of the game over the first weekend.  I'd love to see some refinement to the bow hunting in the future, some additional stat tracking, and the inclusion of ATVs for getting around faster than walking."
76561198177625059,Recommended,518790,29967028,Posted: 16 February,all,Send Nudes,Played about an hour. Game is smooth and the world is beautiful. Had some little bug but nothing majorget a good 30-35 fps on my laptop gtx960mGood deal at 30$ just hope some patch for bugs and some community update
76561198042113809,Recommended,518790,30057449,Posted: 20 February,all,Allonon,"Relaxed, good hunting game reminicesnt of the old Deer Hunters were the atmosphere and challenge was just as important as the hunt was...no over the top bullet time..no shooting gallery...enjoyable.  Recommended...also recommend that you turn off all the highlights to help you track for a more authentic expereience"
76561198410541547,Not Recommended,518790,34124380,Posted: 9 August,all,eleanorlucy,"The game glitches, lags and crashes so often it's impossible for me to progress, and even the loading screen runs at such bad frame rate it's hard to tell whether the screen's frozen or not. I don't know if this issue is the game or my pc, but no matter what I change in the settings menu, I can't get the game to run any smoother."
,Recommended,518790,33968807,Posted: 2 August,all,GasMask,A hunting game that you can actually have fun.
76561198124669030,Not Recommended,518790,34201843,Posted: 12 August,all,CSI48,"I don't know , in my view , the game has no real point , you enter the world and you just kill whatever moves , yeah sure you can track it and really feel like your stalking your kill , but there is no endgame and no reason to move foward.you can buy this game fine , but just know it's a Sandbox-Hunting game.For me , there needs to be a story to tell , a reason to hunt and the the possible survival feel .I rate this game 6/10 .It feels real , it sounds real.  hell , even the world looks real. but with no drive or point , this game is ...NOT worth a buy in my personal opinion . Other people may not agree with me and thats fine , to each their own i say."
76561198094553415,Not Recommended,518790,34265040,Posted: 15 August,all,The Xerox Mimic,"I understand why this has high rating,but you can shoot an animal few feet infront of youand it flinches and runs off with flesh wound or minor bleedingfrom a shot to the ♥♥♥♥ing face.If this problem with animals and damage output is fixed ill change thistill then its not worth it unless you like atmospheric games."
76561198023793335,Not Recommended,518790,30148348,Posted: 24 February,all,Λ | Lefty138,"Beatiful game and great fun aswell, but I can't truly recommend yet, until a few things is fixed. First of all there is quite a few annoying bugs, one is that after tracking a wounded moose for a full hour the tracks suddenly disappear. Tracks also tends to disappear altogether, you don't see any tracks at all. Another is hurting yourself for no reason, i lost 75% of my health after touching a tree with my shoulder and diend once after walking in to a firplant.Huge and beatiful landscape, but no vehicles? You can fast travel between camps but the distances are still great and makes the game a truly walk simulator. You can't enter the game menu after you start a game, therefor you have to quit the game and restart it to go to the main menu(Did the developers even try the game?). Multiplayer is fun but one really bad thing is that you cannot unlock any or use points of interest like hunting stands or look out towers at all if you join another players game.Animals stuck in the air is another ugly bug i a game with stunning graphics and enviroment. Resting in a cabin, wich you claim cost money. Sneaking without a controller can't be done unless you tap on W, an even then it's not working right(Once again,dear developers did you actually try the game?). 2 animals have spotted me, 19 smelled me and 1231 have heard me.That's pretty dumb when I believe the game is PC exclusive? Also the game tends to freeze or crash more and more often. Crash or freezes while walking, changing wepons, use lures, pick up lures. I got a constant crash situiation when running west from the Schonfield outpost on Hirschfelden.After they fix many of the bugs I will recommend this game to everyone, and for the love of god give us some kind of transportation and the ability to wait in hunting nests.2017-03-15 Update: Exit to Main MenuOur intention was to bring an “Exit to Main Menu” option to the game with today’s patch but it is unfortunately not ready yet. We are aware that this feature is requested, we just need a bit more time to guarantee that it works flawlessly.Yes, this is still a problem=)"
,Recommended,518790,34642621,Posted: 31 August,all,Spinachpuffs,It's even better if you buy a 12 pack of PBR
,Not Recommended,518790,32774749,Posted: 25 June,all,nestoroni,"I've only got 30 minutes logged into this game, and that's probably all I'll log total. The scenery is absolutely beautiful. The movement sounds, animal calls, and environmental sound is stellar. But I've had the game crash on me 5 times already. I can barely make it through 5 minutes of gameplay before crashing. I've tried troubleshooting and the devs have no info, and other users are trying self-help methods that are basically a shot in the dark, none of which work for me. I was extremely excited to try this, especially with the Summer Sale going on, but it is not stable enough for me (or many others) to run. I'd wait until the devs get their ♥♥♥♥e together before purchasing."
,Recommended,518790,30263290,Posted: 1 March,all,FearmaKY,"Game is absolutely amazing and runs perfect for its high end graphics, yes there is some small bugs and quality of life things that can be better, but nothing to take away from this amazing experience as you wait for them to patch it.I play this everyday and attempt multiplayer with my brother where we have intense moments hunting together and tracking and cornering or pushing animals into each other and its the best experience we had to share it together!!!, then of course you crash when aiming  or about to loot your kill, but those things will be fixed soon.Please try the game or wait for a solid patch update, but you definitely want to try this title out if you want to escape reality and dive into one of the most beautiful worlds built for hunting with very smart AI!!"
76561197977892146,Recommended,518790,30198028,Posted: 26 February,all,M6Hurricane,"--> THIS IS A STALKING SIM <-- Shooting animals is a minor part of the game.The entire experience is about moving slow, finding tracks, following the animal, and then setting up to take the shot. Sometimes you have to plan out a hunt. The point I'm trying to get at is, this is not CoD with animal enemies. This is a slow paced game that requires patience."
76561197971692751,Recommended,518790,29971459,Posted: 16 February,all,Delle(DK),"Really good game WITHOUT micro transaction or PAY to hunt everything.ALSO there are as far as i notised no serious bugs or problems, and the game do not feel unfinished or like a Beta like many ""unserious reviews claim"".I think that many of the reviews sound kind of fake and are negative on purpose.( im so glad they desided to release ""the hunter"" game with one payment only, since the pay for this and that scared med away from the previous title ""the hunter"".ANyway im not expert in the past game the hunter, and i only played the new ""call of the wild"" for 2 houres.But so far i enjoy it and the changes.The game world is beautifull and there are many cool features such as the plants moving when a small animal sneak arround.The sound is really amazing and create a good atmosphere and will make you feel releaxed.THe game have a career/skill/perk system wich will allow you to upgrade different things over time such as tracking animals and shooting ect.I think this is nice, since you start as a rookie hunter and become better and better.I am not aware if you can start as a ""pro"" hunter with all perks and all guns as a kind of free world go hunting kind of thing, but the career thing i like so for me no issue.When it come to animals you can hunt there are like 8-10 big animals such as ""black bear, red tail, mose, fox, wild boar and other animals. And you dont have to pay to hunt them :-)Everytime you hunt down an animal you get awarded xp and money.The ingame money you earn can be used to buy new weapons, bullets and sometimes you even come across small buildings you can buy and use for hunting.The tracking of animals is like in the hunter, but i think it is a little more easy to see the tracks now.I think you can be hardcore and adjust the kind of help you like and how visual things will be.You can either go hunting on your own or with friends, and you also get  missions you can do, example hunt an animal and make a photo of it ( press p ).It effect the game how much you hunt in an area, and you can view this on your map as a purple colour, so try to not shoot everything you see, and do some different hunts all over the map.So far the only bug i found during 2 hour gameplay is that i fall down a mountain, and 5 minutes later I could not use any of my gear. But other than that, no big bugs that i notised.It run very good and smooth though the game world is huge and very detailed.Can i recommend this game.. YES i think it is really good, and I hope that they release some cheap dlc's in the future so people who like more animals or gear can buy example an weapon pack or animal pack.Ps. if you buy and do not like the game, then you can ask for a refund if you use the steam support system and play less than 2 houres.. So what do you have  to loose by giving it a try ;-)"
76561198091591509,Recommended,518790,32706114,Posted: 23 June,all,Dayman,"Incredible hunting game, the absolute best graphics combined with huge gorgous maps.  If you were looking for the ultimate hunting game, this is it!"
,Recommended,518790,32717993,Posted: 24 June,all,Frosty #sadboys,Its ok but was released too early
,Recommended,518790,32712834,Posted: 23 June,all,The Machine,"Simple, elegant, and fun .. can't go wrong with this title."
,Recommended,518790,32715805,Posted: 24 June,all,Runnico,"First hour, killed 2 deer. Second hour explored, learned how to track. Third hour, spent tracking bear. Gave up. If you are into that sort of thing, this game is for you. I recomend it to anyone actually interested in hunting."
76561198300367467,Recommended,518790,33458768,Posted: 11 July,all,theartist,"this is my review. (no seriously, how does one begin a review..?)look of the game:the game looks beautiful. i recommend watching a few video's about it, the lighting and landscape are beautiful.the characters lack personality. and their animations are not the greatest. but it's a hunting game, not an rpg.the animals are nice and really realistic (the looks), but sometimes the movement is a bit clucky. not gamebreaking though.gameplay:the core mechanics are good, you can play the game very well and i've quite a few hours in it.there is things like bulletdrop, and a lot of other things that make it really simulator like. it's not running around and shooting things.the core game is really about hunting, there are missions (quests) but they work a bit clunky and i find myself mostly hunting and leveling up for more gear.bugs:if you've read other reviews you know that there are quite few bugs. they mostly spawn into excistence after new content is added. i find that the gamebreaking ones get fixed very fast. the small ones keep floating around longer that you would expect is needed.but keep in mind, this isn't a big game with a enormous dev team. and the devs are quite involved in the community and listening. which is really nice.comunity:i mentioned before that the devs are quite active in the comunity, the playerbase is nice, not toxic at all.there are streams from the devs every week.there are quite a few players with other languages, so far i've seen germans, chinese, a few eastern Europeans and a few russians. but the English comunity is dominating as far as i can see.overall.i personally like the game, the devs are active in the comunity, the game is fun to play. even if you don't like to hunt all the time it's fun to explore the landscape and discover.keep in mind, it's not an action based game, not really fast paced. the game has a little lore but its main focus is the hunting.multiplayer is right now kinda buggy, although they are working on it.if you plan to play only multiplayer you might want to wait do some more research.the bugs can be annoying, so if you expect an perfect game. you might look elsewhere.payment model:there are no pay to win mechanics in place. in game currency isn't buyable with real money.they release dlc's which are paid. they add more content but are not needed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for enjoying the game.they have released a few free dlc's too and the paid ones are not that expensive at all.overall i give it an 8 out of 10.some notes:1: the next patch will help collorblind people spot tracks by giving recollor options.2: i've bought the atv dlc, it's usefull but not needed to enjoy the game, i advise to buy the core game and dicide if you want to buy any dlc's later. the tents dlc i didn't buy, and i heard it's a bit buggy sometimes, no expirience with it myself so ask someone who does.3: i've bought it on sale.4: i'm young but i've seen that the game has quite a few older people playing it too. might be nice if your older to know.(not only though)and last, i'm not a native English speaker and steam disables my auto correct.. so i probably made a few grammar mistakes. deal with it :P"
76561198115682916,Not Recommended,518790,32695625,Posted: 23 June,all,madness2k14,"Would be a good game if the callers worked.  As such, I end up teleporting around (tent DLC) and sniping from the longest ranges possibles.  Doesn't feel like hunting."
,Not Recommended,518790,30402293,Posted: 8 March,all,Mare Adriatic,"It dosen't works in win8.1 ,patches needed ."
76561198059885766,Recommended,518790,33224906,Posted: 4 July,all,bugsy54321,"I enjoyed this game during my first playthrough quite a lot. But now half of my audio (gun shot noise, lures, Atv, etc.) doesn't work. A lot of other people have complained about this on the forums and it seems to be a problem with the game. Devs please patch this bug otherwise I will not play this game.P.S. The reason I recommended this game, is because I realize it is a great gaame, despite the audio bug."
,Recommended,518790,33691103,Posted: 21 July,all,Thrill™,Love the immersive gameplay. Been a while since I've played a hunting game but this was a great purchase!
76561198131928740,Recommended,518790,32940483,Posted: 28 June,all,JC_wolf64,Looks Great
12312312312313223,Recommended,518790,29995292,Posted: 17 February,all,22.86cm Nails™,"While I do recommend this game, I will have to stress that people should hold off on purchasing it for a little while.Personally I didn't notice all the same bugs that all these people are talking about, maybe I don't have a good eye, maybe I'm just lucky.I, myself, adore the sounds, the atmosphere, the way the game looks and feels, it's just such a calm world and a good step into the beauty of nature, perfect for people trying to get out of super hardcore shooters and maybe relax a bit with some good ol' fashioned hunting.Frankly I don't much care that you have to have experience built up with certain weapon classes in order to acquire better equipment and then have to rack up a bunch of money all the same, but I guess that's just their way of asking you to actually put a bit of time in before you get all nuts with your gear. I don't have a problem with the starter rifle, it's just I should be able to buy something new/better when I have the money, not just when I have the ""experience in Rifles"" for it.The hitboxes work all as well, you'll hit the heart/lungs when you aim for the heart/lungs, plain and simple.All in all, solid 8/10, bug fixes and AI are/should obviously be top priority.I'd say give it a month or two before grabbing it."
76561198073305133,Recommended,518790,29996422,Posted: 17 February,all,Silentdark666,~Looks like I got my Wish..... 8.5/10Ive been wanting a NEW version of the hunter with a new Engine as the Orginal engine was starting to look a little outdated but still did the job.....This NEW version of the theHUNTER is Simply Stunning! The Open Game world will take your Breath Away and is a joy to Explore and the Hunts are Challenging and rewarding with lots to do! I have Played many hunting games and this is the NEW Generation of Hunting sims/games and looking foward to seeing where theHUNTER goes from here! There are some minor bugs here and there but nothing so drastic that I wouldnt recomend it to a freind and it has X1 controller support rite out of the box from day one which was a surprise as controller support is not indicated on the Store page! If you are looking for not only a Amezing world to explore and on top of that be able to hunt with freinds in that same amazing world than stop reading this and grab it now! You will not regret it I promise!
,Recommended,518790,29996648,Posted: 17 February,all,Arga Pangaren,Awesome.
76561197965567829,Recommended,518790,30038189,Posted: 19 February,all,Randomize,"Having played over 1000 Hours in the orginal TheHunter game, I have to say this game impressed me,it has improved on many of the things we enjoyed about the original.Now they have also made skill trees and you level up to unlock the better guns to buy and the better equipment now. The graphics are beautiful and my rig get a stead 30 fps with mostly high and some ultra settings on.They do need to optimize the game a bit better, as the fps drops in some areas are worse than others.But hardly anything game breaking. Overall i would have to Recommend the game highly if you like Hunting games. This one is Best on steam for sure."
76561198032241185,Not Recommended,518790,30042595,Posted: 19 February,all,tabaka,"Wow.  Where to begin?  First off, this game was not ready for release.  I've been on The Hunter Classic from the start, the 75th person to join it.  There have been a number of issues with that game, but it's at least a decent game.  Too many bugs here to mention and finding new ones every time I play.  Today my binoculars just disappeared.  My Roe Deer call no longer has an audible sound, but still attracts deer.  Auto walk also changes what I'm carrying, sometimes, sometimes not.  Sometimes I can use my key bindings to change in use items, other times I have to go back to my huntermate and then to the weapon or call I want.  Now, today, I find that most of my prvious progress in Layton Lakes has disappeared.  I have no way to access a previous game, only to select a new game or continue the last game played so when I left Layton Lakes and went to Hirschfelden, I lost most of my progress at Layton Lakes but kept access to the outposts I'd reached.One of my greatest pet peeves about The Hunter Classic was how every time I'd hop in for a quick game, it seemed there was a patch to download, time to play was wasted on updates.  This game had an update on day 2 and looks like there will need to be any more.Pros:Great graphics.  Water puddles form when it rains.  Good thunder sounds.  Animals look excellent up close.Cons:Too many bugs to count.  No purchaseable content.  (I would like to see some DLC for $ in addition to earning points for those who lack $)  Plays slow despite having a fairly powerful computer (4.2 Ghz hexa core processor).  Too many carry overs from Classic (I for one, would like to see a lot fewer of those lame 2d birds and instead have had a few well placed, well thought out 3d songbirds, maybe a rare bald eagle soaring over Layton Lakes)Great idea, bad execution.  Hopefully they fix this one unlike The Hunter Primal."
76561198119625665,Not Recommended,518790,34175741,Posted: 11 August,all,Yellow Fist,This game doesn't even work half the time.
,Recommended,518790,32920094,Posted: 28 June,all,VIJOEP,Duimpie!
,Recommended,518790,32940310,Posted: 28 June,all,Simppa,"This game is very buggy, but not the bad way.. I still enjoy playing this game."
76561197965146476,Recommended,518790,33217140,Posted: 3 July,all,Essali,Best hunter game so far!
,Recommended,518790,34118800,Posted: 8 August,all,[Nyan] SpacemarineCat,"2 Hour Gameplay Review (Within steam policy)It's enjoyable, it's quite hard for the impatient but it's also relaxing and fustrating at the same time. It is a very realistic hunting simulator. Of course everyone has the right to complain about the DLC parts, which I understand because what person in their right mind goes out into the wilderness without a tent or some shelter? I got this while it was on sale and I have to say as pretty as it is, not sure it's worth the full $30. I'll be playing this some more, but from the first 2 hours of this game it is OK I'd give it a 7/10. Just because I feel they could expand more on the idea of this game like bird hunting, more hunting items, more animals, maybe an option to decrease the difficulty or push down the range in which animals can pick up on you (maybe that's an upgrade but this is just speculation from a new player).Pros:-It's very pretty, graphics and sounds are amazing.-Newb friendly and hardcore an option. You have the ability to control how much the game 'helps' you in the option menu-You feel great accomplishment from hunting down deer, foxes and other wildlife.Cons:-It's somewhat hard to find animals, the foliage makes it hard to hunt smaller game.-Can be very fustrating, especially when you lose your deer or you feel like you shot it but it misses (Might be a legit issue from what the negative reviews say)Update: Newb to NoviceFrom the perspective of a newbie: So the game is pretty damn hard in the beginning. It's very fustrating, it is stupid things find me before I am even that close! I don't know why it does that! I shoot deer but they just get flesh wounds and I end up having to chase them miles away!To novice: Ok I understand now the wind can carry scent, my gun is not that powerful so I have to pick where I aim at the deer/creature. Rifles are my friends but so is a shotgun in case of being attacked by an angry bison. Maps differ in prey and difficulty (somewhat), it's not as hard now I know how to control where I am and how to pick off prey. It is what assassin's creed should have been but with deer :).Still wish they had some more content like more animals such as waterfowl, other big game, maybe a savanna or more maps. Maybe even traps or dogs to use for hunting and bringing small prey back.TL:DR: This is a game about patience and hunting and being smart about what you do. It's not like skyrim where you can put points into sneak and go right up and slay a deer. You have to really hunt and it may take you 10 -30 mins to find a deer or less. This is not for those who just want to mindlessly go off and wreak face, it's much more realistic and alot of factors go into hunting."
76561197971417681,Not Recommended,518790,30022417,Posted: 18 February,all,Anacro,"Still crashes after 2 patches on a GTX 1080, 1440p G-Sync monitor.This could be a really good game but there's one issue which ruins it for mouse+keyboard users, the lack of being able to move slowly.If you want to move slowly without creating max noise then you'll need a joypad, even then it's not great as there's such a fine line between faster speed and no speed, you can adjust some joypad settings but no setting to actually adjust sensitivity for walking.It also feels dumbed down, sure you can make things harder by removing glow for the tracks but it still feels dumbed down, seems to be over populated with animals, there's also a stupid feature called ""warning"", basically the creature will hear you and make it's voice sound. Why on earth have such a stupid feature, it's like the developers have said ok how can we make the player find the various creatures easily, stupid. I mean a creature isn't going to shout out a warning if you're getting close because you made too much noise, stupid and dumbed down.The game looks really nice, much better than the 1st game and runs great at Ultra setting but does crash some sessions.You basically level up through xp, buy things, do missions.As for competitions, if you're expecting them to be like hunter classic, forget it. It's poorly implimented, noone bothers with them, they're not global.Multiplayer is pointless without well run competitions, noone bothers with them.If you've never played classic thehunter then you might like it, but for those that played the ortginal you'll be let down somewhat despite the great graphics.I'll continue to play it and hope they improve things soon but can't really reccomend it as a successor to TheHunter because it falls short in many ways."
,Not Recommended,518790,32457380,Posted: 15 June,all,aquarius7373,"Super boring. You literally need to crawl everywhere to find anything. I ran through the woods and a 10+ point buck ran right by me. I put three rounds in him. One in the spine by neck and two in his left lung. I tracked him for two hours (real time). Tracked his poop, prints and sleeping spots. Gave up and shot a rabbit. Got no points. 40 hours into the game and I still have the first gun you start with. Spent 10 hours tracking and hunting coyote and haven't even seen a single one. So boring I'd rather build a mouse trap from my toenail clipplings. I'm going back to Cabela's Big Game Hunter or Clicker Heroes. This game makes you feel old and dull."
76561198059148795,Recommended,518790,30047189,Posted: 19 February,all,Jack The Reaper,I ♥♥♥♥ing spent 2h tracking a wounded roosevelt elk... and just when i was close by i ran into a bushn and then the bush killed me instantly. G ♥♥♥♥ING G NOT MAD AT ALL!!
,Recommended,518790,30130087,Posted: 23 February,all,✪ Frippelino_,"People say ""bugs"". Well what bugs are you having? Mind telling us instead? I'm enjoying this game very much. I'm having one problem that I don't know if I can call bug but, when you're standing on a track you've tracked, and you hear an animal call, you can't check that call because it will check for the track you're standing on. Instead you have to run away from that track and then check the call. That's the only problem I've had so far, everything else is good. I would totally recommend this game to those who like grinding a bit."
76561198150803445,Not Recommended,518790,31909401,Posted: 22 May,all,labrand101,they should make ALL dlcs free they tooke a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of money on the thehunter classic and they promised no more microtransactions. This is UTTER ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T
76561197967688523,Recommended,518790,30419673,Posted: 9 March,all,Mr. Meeseeks,"Has some bugs, but is really fun to play."
76561198168368583,Not Recommended,518790,30691789,Posted: 23 March,all,BOI😩🤚,It Wont Let Me DownLoad ANY Updates And It Wont Let Me Do It AT ALL. No Matter What I Do.
,Not Recommended,518790,29962747,Posted: 16 February,all,Daddy's Little Foot Slave,"I wish I could give a neutral review. I really wanted a open world hunting game ever since I played one when I was a little kid. Cabela's never did it in recent years so when I saw this I thought ♥♥♥♥ yeah. The only problem was it was by the people who developed thehunter. So I sucked it up watched a couple videos and thought cool little arcadie but I'll still play it.The bugs are astronomical as to what other people have said and to my own experience.- Can't close the menu with escape in certain menus- You can't see waypoints you've set- When you open the map it takes your fov of the map to the outskirts of where you're hunting so you have to scroll back in.- You can lay prone, crouch or stand up and have deer walk right up to you with nothing happening adding a nice bonus to killing a animal.- I'm pretty sure deer are set to a certain path I scared a couple off once and they kept running away from where my character was then running back to my character.- If there was melee in this game I'm sure people would prone up to deers and kill them John Rambo style.- The game froze in the menu once for me and I had to turn my computer off to close the game.I wanna keep going but I'll just not recommend this game as it is right now and go to work. I'm going to keep this game also and continue to play it as I liked the idea of this game so far and have been looking for one of these for a while.Edit: New bugs I've found- I haven't been able to replicate it more than 3 or 4 times but after holstering your weapon and switching to the gps after running for a while makes the screen of the gps disappear- When you go to the store to buy things. The items you have unlocked scroll with the menu when you're looking through the store making it difficult to know what items you are trying to buy.Remember my downvote is centered towards *Do you recommend this game?* If someone really wanted a open world hunting game this is the game to get. The bugs aren't terrible enough to stop me from playing."
,Not Recommended,518790,30106898,Posted: 22 February,all,FG-James,Beutiful game kinda annoying at the beginning becuase the .243 is underpowered and wont take down a deer in one shot unless u neck it.  but the only major downside is there menu is so horribly optimized it may lock up your computer too explain this i run this game at 45-50% cpu i have a 4570 i5 and when i open the menu and try to click things too fast it jacks my cpu up to 99-100% locking up my computer ive never seen any damn game that when opening up the menu it takes twice as much cpu to do so.  Untill they fix this game breaking problem i cannot recomend this game
76561198040441754,Recommended,518790,31279430,Posted: 21 April,all,Braunegger,This game is just amazing!
76561198038149462,Recommended,518790,31688653,Posted: 11 May,all,Sparky862,"DLC-------------------------------Let me make it clear though that this is a ONCE OF PURCHASE. There is NO micro transactions like in the Classic Version, but there will be DLC.So far we got 2 free DLC, and one cheap DLC which enalbes the use of tents and blinds. Tents and blinds is not needed at all, it will just make the game less tedious in a way that instead of spawning and walking to said destinstion for hunting, you can now spawn directly to the place you wanted to walk too.For me the DLC helps in a way that I walk around A LOT and FAR AWAY from Safe Houses, so when I quit my game, I put down a tent first so next time I spawn back in where I stopped, otherwise I need to spend another 30min to reach my destination next time I start the game up again.....Bugs---------------------------------Now, for the game in itself. There is a few annoying bugs still around, but it will get fixed. The bows are still broken in this game, but still usable .. just not for silent hunting. The bows are broken in a way that they suffer accuracy issues. Sometimes your arrow will hit, sometimes it will not. The bows also have the same spook radius as a Rifle, which is odd.Animals & Equipment-----------------------------------There is also MUCH fewer animals in comparison to Classic, the same could be said for weapons in comparisson to Classic. This game has MANY things short in comparison to Classic to call it a ""complete"" game. Your weapon choice is VERY limited and I never feel like a Hunter and look at my Store and be like ""Man, so many choices, where do I start??"" Instead I feel like ""This is it ..... Really??"".Gameplay--------------------------------------The gameplay in itself is fun and addictive. Even given the amount of limited things, the game still manages to glue me to my seat, and get that fancy bow kill or long shot kill. At the core it is more like a watered down version of Classic for now, with more too come. Given the flaws, it still remeains one of the best Hunting games out there.Devs------------------------------------So far they have been pushing big updates weekly, also with a few hot fixes inbetween. They are well aware of the broken game they gave us, and they intend to fix it. With bugs getting squashed weekly, this game will get better than it already is and I will gladly support it. The Devs are active in the Forums at times and they listen too our feedback.Conclusion-----------------------------------Overall this is a Hunting game that still lacks features and equipment to call it a ""complete"" game, but at its core it still remains one of the better Hunting games out there and I gladly support it.6.5/10"
76561198121362357,Not Recommended,518790,33061409,Posted: 30 June,all,Atrious,"I was extremely excited for this game when I got it, but after every minute of gameplay my excitement began to fade away.This game is beautiful and from an outside perspective it looks very well polished but 10 minutes in game is all it took me to realize that this game is terribly optimized and unplayable on my pc.If you have any less than 30 fps your movement speed is practically halved which makes multiplayer unbearable and even though it could be tolerated in singleplayer it makes the game far more difficult.I don't have a bad pc so seeing this game run so poorly was VERY disappointing.In conclusion, if you wish to buy this game, you need to have an extremely high-end pc or you will just have to wait until later on in development when it is better optimized, if it ever does get optimized."
76561198119596025,Recommended,518790,34821662,Posted: 8 September,all,Svärd viftarn av Skyrim,i veery like game much and i shoot many deer lululluulullululul     lul
76561198216272775,Recommended,518790,34823196,Posted: 8 September,all,Toby Oliver,it is a graet game but if you do not have a gameing computar it is laggy as f***
76561198053045327,Not Recommended,518790,30024693,Posted: 18 February,all,supahmacho,does not feel like going out on a actual hunt at all... nothing like the original game!
76561198297996349,Recommended,518790,32841713,Posted: 26 June,all,shadowstorm69,This is an amazing game must get!
76561198072260604,Not Recommended,518790,29966054,Posted: 16 February,all,Prince_VLAD,"This is a joke, not a game. I paid 30 euros to discover it has just two maps...wtf ? It's full of bugs from day one. This one of them which comes first into my mind:I went to system when I was in the game to make some changes. Guess what, you can't change brightness, there is no button for such setting and because of that screen colors seem washed up, it looks terrible. When I wanted to resume game the escape key didn't work, even if it says press escape to go back. This is, as almost all the launches of EW a  ♥♥♥♥ed-up job, like Whiterime ridge map in Hunter Classic. Don't buy this game, it's a waste of money. And that is not all. The so called bonuses won't work, they are ♥♥♥♥ed up even if on The Hunter forum a it's silence, no one from EW, despite the problmes raised, is there to give us an explanation for this new screw-up .  At the hour I write this review I still can't have the three bonuses promised. (A rifle for the classic and two items for this game I review in this very moment)PS - And guess what, in its first day the game was cracked , it's for free for whoever wanted on the web. If I knew it was so bad, I would have waited this moment instead of wasting my money on a crap game."
,Recommended,518790,30285413,Posted: 2 March,all,FourLime,Gorgeous game! Well I love it! So far I have not seen any problems!
76561198271606792,Not Recommended,518790,29965819,Posted: 16 February,all,piggybank collector,the game is good it is good un the play but there are so many bugs callers and gun fire dont sound game radomly glitches and framerate drops but i will still play the game but please bear in mind that it is basically still in beta
76561198146109011,Recommended,518790,31356994,Posted: 25 April,all,rvb_222,Tracked a deer down for 15 min. Shot the deer> fleshwound. Starts tracking the wounded deer down for 1.2 hours. Shoots the deer again. Tracks for another 10 min. Claims trophy.10/10 would track again.Game looks amazing btw.
76561198069725458,Not Recommended,518790,31392027,Posted: 27 April,all,Anita Bonghit,"here come the microtransactions , $5 DLC that adds in tents and blinds when they should have been added in to begin with , with as many bugs still present its clear where the devs minds are at $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ dont feed into there BS again and refund if possible, teach them a lesson, soooooo dissapointed in them now"
76561198225733272,Not Recommended,518790,31911114,Posted: 22 May,all,NOVA,this game sucks to many glichis. I do know how to get a refund and i will tell you how. you can ownly play it under 2 hours or less and you cant own the game for more than a 2 weeks to do this. first click on the help on top of the screen. then press steam suport. click on the game that you want to refund. then press the reson why you want to refund this game then press i would like to refund this game. then scroll down then tell why you dont want this game in the box then press subment. it will take a day and a half to get your moeny back.
,Not Recommended,518790,32417865,Posted: 14 June,all,Evans,"So they make a new game to make the game less free to play and instead give it a $30.00 price tag. Now you think with that price you would get a game with updates that have a bunch of new content, but no instead they work on new content but release it as extra purchasable DLC... Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me. Did you forget the reason you made this game at the pricepoint of $30. Anything that is useful in the game so far has been DLC. Tents/Blinds and soon ATVs. Use your brain."
,Recommended,518790,33482825,Posted: 12 July,all,Timmas,"Great game, mostly casual unless you get charged by a herd of 20 deer which all run in circles or by shingles the bear who hugs a lil too tight. good fun and worth every penny"
76561198092336333,Not Recommended,518790,31386838,Posted: 26 April,all,Jinx,THIS GAME WONT EVEN GOD DAMN LAUNCH FIX YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥PLEASE
76561198368100738,Recommended,518790,31921455,Posted: 23 May,all,SiriusStar135,"Excellent game, feels like a real hunting experience,  I score it 7/10, if bugs are fixed, will score 9/10"
76561198142939830,Not Recommended,518790,31379419,Posted: 26 April,all,larsingem,"I started my game again after playing for a little bit with no real issues..Ive found myself slightly hooked but still a little bit uncertain after being very close to two hours in game.My hunting gadget is apparently broken. im standing there with just the frame. Im looking at my hand through the frame slightly baffled. Also im unable to leave camp. I must now assume that Ive been drinking, broke my phone and is now immobilized.I restart the game. I am now able to leave thew camp but apparently Ive lost my glasses... I can see my rifle clearly but everything else is a fog.I must now assume im unfit to hunt and will be giving back my hunting licence for a full refund."
76561198129346910,Recommended,518790,31920910,Posted: 23 May,all,ckcurlee,it is fun but needs more to do
,Recommended,518790,31563088,Posted: 5 May,all,Ewok126,"I have over 400 plus hours in the game and now here is my review.After having a stroke in November this past year, it is one of the few games I can play. Please overlook any typos I may have.The game came with alot of bugs in the begining but the team seems very commited to fixing these issues and they seem to be very quick in listening to the community (WITH IN REASON) meaning if the community is being asinine then the openion is moot) and they respond in kind very quickly. I have been very lucky to not have as many issues as some. My PC is not a huge rig gaming system and have no idea on why I have not had the issues that alot of others do. I just mark it up to luck.Now to the game.The graphics in this game is Fantastic to say the least.The ambiant sounds is totaly astounding. For me it is very submersive since I can not go walking in the woods any more in real life.GamePlay: For me it is laking in realisum. Examples: The range finder is worthless at the moment for me. Here is why, I seem to notice there is no bullet drop so there is no need to range out an animal. If you can hit it by aiming dead on at any distance say 20 meters vs 300 meters depending on the weapon. For example at 300 meters I can hit an animal with the 7mm and with a 338 with No bullet drop so there is no reason to compensate for distance. Now in using a pistol or bow as long as the animal is with in the suggested range  of the weapon you will hit it. The bow seems to behave more realistic with distance having drop the further out an animal is. There was an issue to where if you shot an animal at point blank range with a high powered rifle you would just get a flesh wound but they seem to have fixed this some what. Other examples inclued being able to call back a wounded animal. I have seen in real life being able to call back a spooked animal but never a wounded animal but that could just be my lack of experiance which granted I do have alot of hunting experiance in real life.  The game is lacking in bullet behavior for each weapon so for example a 7mm vs a 338. In real life the 7mm has a flater trajectory than the 338  the 223 is even flatter than the 7mm at shorter distance but wind and such does not come in to play in game. Real life a 223 would be more acurate than that of a 7mm as long as there is no wind and shorter distance. The more heavy the bullet the less wind affects it but less knock down power at great distance due to the loss of vilosity over distance and time. These are the things I feel the game is missing for realisum. In closing I will wrap it up in a nutshell.Graphics Stunning, Sound stuning, Realisum ehh needs work. Bugs there is quite a few but the Team seems to be working hard on them,  I think that over time this game will hit its full ptential as long as the team stays diligent. I would buy this game again.Disclaimer: My perception is my Reality, Your perception is your reality, WE ALL  PERCEIVE TINGS DIFFERENTLY"
,Not Recommended,518790,31305902,Posted: 22 April,all,Turbofish,"After spending almost 60 hours so far, and going through several patches and updates, the game is still full of glitches. The glitches do not effect the game play much and are minor, but thats no excuse for the release. The current state of this game is at best, of beta quality. Things like blank in game hints that do not go away, equipping newly puchased sites, and lack of weapons/clothing to buy makes this game sub-par. The previous TheHunter game is in way better condition with better content. The best things this game has are the graphics are very nice, and I personly like the way the animals interact within the world. Animals are much more frequent than the previous TheHunter, but not to the point that its boring and arcade like. All in all, this game did not live up to the level of the previous title. To do so, the devs need to have deployable content like tree stands, feeders, trail cams, and more animal species to hunt. Not recommended in its current state."
76561198250956494,Recommended,518790,31307422,Posted: 22 April,all,g.s20,i like the game but i think they should add more animals like turkey duck geese ect but still a good game
76561198022263243,Recommended,518790,31604710,Posted: 7 May,all,firescry69,"I'm an avid hunter, or used to be. I cannot do that anymore with my physical limitations. This game, to me anyways, is as close as one going to get to actually bea able to go outdoors to actually hunt. The only issue I have with this however is the sound glitches. I run a top of the line sound card and system and evey-so-often, you'll lose the sound to some of the tools and the sounds of the rifles. The rifles will fire normally with the really good sound and then all of a sudden when you fire, the rifles will sound pretty muffled. The tools such as the calls will worknormally and then all of a sudden there will be NO sound to tehm at all so I have no idea if they're actually working or not.I really wish they would correct this issue."
76561198102214502,Recommended,518790,33417586,Posted: 9 July,all,StealthDonut,Fun game! worth the money.
,Recommended,518790,29974546,Posted: 16 February,all,Calvev,"If I were to describe the difference with the Hunter classic,  I would say ""Hunting RPG.This is what cabella's next game should be.TheHunter CotW is designed to be like a Hunting RPG.With skills and perks that can add further depth to your hunting experience.You can also collect all the equipment with the money you've earned. No more micro transaction as far as I know. You can also kill any animals without the need for tags.The only thing that is bothering me are the bugs. I believe in the devs to hunt those bugs (pun intended).Conclusion: If you like hunting games like cabella's series or if you feel that thehunter classic is too expensive for you, then this game is right on the money."
,Not Recommended,518790,30150448,Posted: 24 February,all,Tryslin <3,Did they beta test this on 1 computer?
,Recommended,518790,34056671,Posted: 6 August,all,Enter_name_here7,"a Strange mix between an arcade hunting game and a simulator. At first it was actually challenging but when you spend time with the game it's ""flaws"" start to show and it actually becomes really easy to hunt.BTW: multiplayer is a buggy mess but still enjoyable.I enjoy playing it but don't expect a simulator"
76561197982566775,Not Recommended,518790,34868351,Posted: 10 September,all,Cowboy14,"enjoy the game,hunter myself, find it crashes a bit, fix the crashes and would be a game with alot more captivation and interest."
,Recommended,518790,35478624,Posted: 4 October,all,RMOO,"Very immersive game, great graphics too however the sound does need more work, at times it can be quite buggy. I'm hoping more updates will come soon to improve certain aspects of the game however its very rewarding!"
76561198036911288,Recommended,518790,35404849,Posted: 1 October,all,Big Buck,Most beautiful graphics and environment I've seen. Very tricky to move patiently with out making the dreaded sound bar to rise but when you stalk that Black Bear and nail it with a clean .270 round in the heart. It still has a few seconds kick left in it you better hope you got your sidearm good to go. Nothing more scary then a angry bear.
76561197974867070,Not Recommended,518790,29973709,Posted: 16 February,all,Moriarty,"This is a beautiful game with lots of potential. I can't recommend a purchase, however, until the COTW_F crash is sorted out. After about 2 hours of play I'm no longer able to launch the game at all. It crashes before I even see a splash screen.There are numerous other ankle-biting bugs which are annoying, but crashing before it loads is a show-stopper. I'll happily change my review IF this problem is corrected with a hot patch within the next 72 hours. My review will stand otherwise because producers and developers should be held accountable for the state of their product at official launch. If this were early access I'd be more lenient."
76561197980673891,Not Recommended,518790,29973840,Posted: 16 February,all,xReFL3ctioNx,"This is not Thehunter that i remember. May be getting a refund.  If you want Thehunter with 100s of deer everywhere and no challenge, this may be the game for you. If your a fan of the original and looking for the same gameplay with a graphical update. this is not it"
,Recommended,518790,30958954,Posted: 5 April,all,n4rfzoink,"Awesome game. The visuals and sound make for the most atmospheric game I've ever played. Highly recommended. I only would like to have the game include a firing range to test bullet trajectory/sights. Also, being a bow hunter I was disappointed to not have the option to use a bow from the start. 2.7 hours in, 3 doe down, and I'm still not able to unlock the bow. For now, I can live with the rifle but I got the game to bow hunt"
76561198425480123,Recommended,518790,35423649,Posted: 2 October,all,AlmondBridge528,"An Amazing Game it is a bargin for its price and quality. Although, it takes a bit of preknowledge and familirarity of the game to be successful."
,Recommended,518790,31174723,Posted: 16 April,all,SHORTY,"So I love this game.I'm biased I love hunting IRL,The game needs some features to make sure it lives up to the hypeOf the most realistic hunting sim,.Fix the bugs that are already In - I understand this will take time..Trophy shot..Mobile stands?.hunting pressure issues.bow hunting issues - sights. (Area to train) - also hitting a 50kg for from 10m with a 70lb bow would go straight through..Selling ability for weapons. I have almost all of them and I use for them..swimming - common sense, I can swim he should swim.Possible vehicles? - boat? Atv?At the moment the game has a lot of issues. Patch 1.5 saw frame rates drop a solid 30-40per second.Animals are bugged out, and generally the game doesn't run fully smooth.All this said. The game is awesome! I'm hooked.Massive thumbs up.Keep getting the work in and you will have a product people love!Just don't go back to that horrid Pay to Play days."
76561198046594066,Not Recommended,518790,34859316,Posted: 10 September,all,Cybertox,"Game has more issues and bugs than an early access pre-alpha game. The developers in charge are not doing anything significant enough to solve any of the persisting issues. We are getting patches every two months barely fixing anything. The most major issues are still there despite many patches. The game is in an atrocious state even though it was released back in Spring of 2017.I doubt that any of this will change in the future, as only 6 people are behind this project and none of them seem to have the neccessary competence and skill-set to address the issues that plague this piece of software.+ Impressive Dynamic Foliage/Vegetation+ Stunning Lighting+ Big Beautiful Open World (2 Huge Reserves/Maps)+ Realistic Animal Behavior+ Atmospheric Environments- Poor Performance- Atrocious Texture Work- Severe Transparency Issues- Low Quality Textures- Bugged Animations- Out of Sync Audio- Disappearing Equipment- Shimmering & Aliasing Issues- Broken Missions Preventing Progression- Recycled Assets- Low Quality Water- Counterintuitive Interface- Bad ControlsPlayed using an Xbox One controller on PC.i7 4930KGTX 1080Ti FE64 GBs of RAM (1600 MHz)Samsung 850 ProWindows 10"
,Recommended,518790,35432129,Posted: 2 October,all,cfbigmac1,"Nothing beats running around the woods with a friend, yelling like a couple of jack-asses blasting anything you see move.Realistically though, it is gorgeous to look at, and very enjoyable if you like this sort of game. There are a couple bugs, but nothing game breaking. If you don't like walking simluators or lots of down time, I'd steer clear of this."
76561198074013649,Recommended,518790,33919214,Posted: 30 July,all,phatti,honestly all of my friends call me gay for having it but its not even bad and they wont give it a try so whos really gay?
,Not Recommended,518790,29968161,Posted: 16 February,all,[Nor] Roht,Unplayable..
,Not Recommended,518790,31492781,Posted: 1 May,all,NOODLE (✿ ◕◡◕) つ✂╰⋃╯,"♥♥♥♥♥game, boring"
76561198059866623,Recommended,518790,31539754,Posted: 4 May,all,xylax,"Not gonna lie, bought this game mainly for the graphics. They are absolutely stunning. Enjoyed the landscapes, shot a doe or two. Switched to the American park. And then fun happened.Spotted a marv deer. Took a shot, missed the lung, drats. Oh well, gonna follow the blood trail right? So I went. And I went and I went. It's been two days and 10 miles, was the deer real? Am I real? I could have sworn the superdeer used two medkits by now.  Every time I started doubting I noticed the deer on the horizon and tried to take a shot. Bugger kept running. I kept walking, cause, hell. With the surroundings so beautiful that everything looks so real I could not complain and I was entertained and stimulated visually for hours.I decided the deer lost about 145 liters of blood judging by the splatters he left behind. When I started losing hope, a giant buck ran towards me. With pounding heart i grabbed my gun and aimed at the chest. I missed the lung. I looked at two splatters on the grass, sighed and followed the new bloody trail. It's been 20miles. Send help.All jokes aside, this game is amazing. I get to chill and admire what technology dedicated to environment achieved so far, so that a ""simple"" hunting game like this makes me just turn on the game and sit back only to admire the sound and sights as I take breaks at work. And since I am an artist and I work at home, I also consider this a great inspiration for my art.Pros:- Everything. Sun rays, reflection of wet foliage under my feet, crunching rocks, waves of grass glazed by the wind, birds rustling in reeds in a misty lake, insects gently swirling in hot air, ever changing weather with droplets that softly graze the wet mud.- Very fun hunting mechanics with useful tracking tips for a visual addict like me who gets lost in sightseeing and forgets where the tracks were- Sound ambience that makes me immersed like no other game- Observed a coyote stop and look around every time I made a noise. Such natural animations and behaviour. Love the fur variations.- I had a feeling of being rewarded with a beautiful hunt despite never finding a deer corpse that I shot. How? These devs are witches.- Maps. Those current two I can explore are ENORMOUS and beautifly done in every detail.Cons:- Maybe I am biased but could a shot deer die a bit faster? No? ok10/10What I'd love to see:- Tons of more maps! Current amazing maps make me crave for more biomes like Asian forests with musk deer or barbary deer in Africa. I'd spend any $ to get more maps and never stop staring at beautiful landscapes.You guys got me hooked on your stuff and you got a customer for life. Hopefully."
,Recommended,518790,29974569,Posted: 16 February,all,Flankus,"From a developers standpoint I am sure it is impossible to test every setup for every type of computer, and clearly many devs wait for the feedback from buyers to get rid of operational bugs for some rigs, (if the buyers are sharp enough to send their specs to the deves so thay can be patched). It seems that many times though a negative review is given for an outstanding game because it does not work 100%, (as it should!). I don't consider my system a super system, but I have NEVER had any game fail to work properly for me, and I own a lot of games. This one is particularly grating, as the negative reviews are hammering things that I have not seen, and do not experience. All I have had is a fantastic time, so far, playing this exceptional simulator. No glitches, no problems with the menus, the animals are spaced out and seem to behave within realisitic limits. All of the tracking aids can be turned down or off, for realism's sake. The graphics and atmosphere are exceptional!I am giving this title an enthusiastic thumbs-up, and I have never played the ""classic"" version, (I have a strong adversion to free games that pay as you go..no thank-you :)  )  If whatever your system is meets the requirements give it a go if this type of simulation at all interests you. I hope you would be as satisfied as I am."
,Recommended,518790,32748371,Posted: 24 June,all,McGherkinburger,"If you want to get a real sense of whether this game is good or not, have a look at the negative reviews and evaluate the spelling and grammar, then question if you can trust the person's opinion or not."
76561198123979446,Not Recommended,518790,30053649,Posted: 20 February,all,Ryujin,"PRO’sVery nice sceneryCON’sVery broken! lots of game breaking bugs like the camera detaches from player (from walking in a straight line), animal’s glitch into the walls, or they just bug out and try to attack the last place I was standing at, tracking is backwards from the feet prints! early access for sure! God I love wasting money……… Very unrealistic AI BTW Great Job………"
76561198038630178,Not Recommended,518790,30068404,Posted: 20 February,all,my nigga,"Go back to programing school, I am requesting a refund until these problems subside.  There is a runaway ram glitch in the ESC menu using all 32gb of my cpu ram and all 8gb of my gpu ram.  I only found this problem in 4k.  Many other glitches as well.  Do not buy this game that is in ""full release"" until it is out of seems like alpha."
76561198104151535,Not Recommended,518790,33058046,Posted: 30 June,all,Cpt. Awesome,"Issues I've noticed within the couple hours of gametime I gave it.-Movement speeds are pathetic. For standing, you have a choice of 'brisk walk' and 'your grandmother after taking a bat to the kneecap', for crouched, you have 'crawling toddler' and 'toddler learning to crawl', and for prone, you have 'tortoise' and 'sniper in ghillie suit 20 meters from enemy patrol'.-Character practically begins having a heart attack after thirty seconds of briskly walking, making him have the single worst endurance I have ever seen.-Every time my character stops his physically handicapped grandmother speed to check his map, inventory, or whatever else the pause menu offers, his dollarstore scope falls the f*** off and I have to go in an reattach it...which was a confusing mess to learn how to do since you absolutely have to press the backspace button to confirm whatever you attached onto your rifle.-Nothing zooms because the controls are broken. There is no zoom-in/zoom-out key binding to even properly change them.-The menu for key bindings is HORRENDOUS. It took me multiple tries to scroll down because, for some stupid reason, the game bugged-out and automatically catipulted me to the top of the list of key bindings. When it finally stopped, I could no longer reach the top because it would catipult me back down.The game itself is not bad at all but, for the love of God, FIX YOUR EASILY FOUND ISSUES BEFORE RELEASING. I haven't screamed at a game like this since I ragequit the Call of Duty franchise."
,Not Recommended,518790,33062060,Posted: 30 June,all,helveteshund [MINTY],"DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! I can't believe I spent approx 30 bucks on this. It is a beautiful game with lots of potential, but it's nowhere near complete or even playable."
76561198028869505,Not Recommended,518790,29975442,Posted: 16 February,all,An1mal,"Bugs, bugs, bugs, so many of them.It seems I paid for alpha testing this game. What a shame !"
76561198048134692,Recommended,518790,31500638,Posted: 1 May,all,ArtfulDodger,"Good game, but don't ruin with microtransactions pls"
,Recommended,518790,34061337,Posted: 6 August,all,NPT_channler,"Brilliant game, love the graphics and the feel for hunting. The main reason I purchased this game is because i loved the game TheHunter classic which made me buy this game. Keep up the good work with updating and bringing new content to this game."
76561198124543378,Not Recommended,518790,34806515,Posted: 7 September,all,BuBz,"Should have fixed the original game instead of this pile of s h i t. Being a hunter irl im offended that you call this a hunting game..******Response to EW_ GrahamTBH if you want to create a good hunting game you need to go talk to people in the hunting industry,not just search on google or bing,talk to people that hunt irl, not just people from one country, all countries, talk to people like my self,  who know about hunting cause I been around it all my life, even go on a hunt yourself with someone to see how it is...Animals on Call of the Wild look decent they could look alot better, but the Antlers are so fake makes me want to break my pc for even buying the game, the graphics are great but yall need to focus on stuff that will improve your game, not just another way you can make a dlc for a quick money grab.Their is also stuff in Call of the Wild that was copied from Cabelas last hunting game. Don't try to lie and say its not cause i have the game and did comparisions on the tooSorry if Im coming off as an a s s hole, but I played theHunter Classic for  years drop a ton of money into the game, because it was sooooooo good.I even used to have a youtube channel (theGuide) that was focused on theHunter Classic, I supported you guys soo much when i got to around 900 subscribes i just couldn't support a game that wasn't improving its self so i deleted my channel. I was trying to get your dev teams attention in videos about issues in the game but around that time, yall cared about 2 other youtubers who only put out content when somthing new was added in the game..  I got blown up in my theHunter messages on why I quit, well thats why.After time yall cared more about getting that quick dollar by adding in different guns, or the same gun just different skin, or just nonsense gear slowly the bugs caught up and i remember it seemed like months before it started getting back on track.I could go on and on and on...I been taking a break from Classic for what seems to be a year now and just recently got a 3 month membership to see if I can get back into this game , if not most likely not becoming back to try to support this once great game. I would love to give yall ideas on to how to improve, but everyone in the world who has a keyboard can do that, its up too you ( dev team) to listen to us, not listen to people who never been hunting or even watched a hunting show give you ideas.If you really wanted to make your game better you will need to listen to people who know what they are talking about, and who gives a  s h i t  about your game cause those are the people that will improve your game and stick around for a long time."
76561198064862370,Not Recommended,518790,34749098,Posted: 4 September,all,OG_MudCHEESE,"I played ""theHunter"" (classic) for a long time. I heard about this game, and bought it the day it came out. I remember reading on the forums that this is a one time purchase game, and there would be nothing you would need to purchase, (unlike the hunter class). A few months down the road, some DLCs release, with a pricetag... lol"
76561197971358121,Not Recommended,518790,30194306,Posted: 26 February,all,ddawg19,never even got started.......kept crashing
76561197982699151,Not Recommended,518790,33245448,Posted: 4 July,all,Czar Zero,theHunter: Call of Every Shot Being a Fleshwound
76561198314593962,Not Recommended,518790,30044649,Posted: 19 February,all,o.m.polak,"The thought of a realistic hunting game was what made me buy this game. And Although they did a decent job at creating a wide open world with beautiful animals and nature in it, they failed to keep the player in mind designing the mechanics. Walking around is horribly slow (as is the general way of doing things like putting the binoculars to your eyes) and stalking an animal feels a bit like you're being toyed around. With only some blue highlighted tracks and droppings to look for, you're just hoping that at some point the actual animal will appear. Even more so, the game still is quite glitchy and off in weird ways. My first kill was from point blank range on a deer that was glitching out against a rock. Not the best way to get your first kill right?!I get the whole realistic approach for this game but it just couldn't keep me entertained for more than an hour or three. After only 24 hours, I had to conclude that this has to be one of the worst buys of recent years.... Refund please..."
,Recommended,518790,30079731,Posted: 21 February,all,Sir Dan,"Stunning, astonishingly beautiful, gorgeous, mind blowing visuals.Performance is perfect, a smooth 82fps + (For me at least)If you enjoy patiently stalking your prey and travelling on foot across a massive landscape, then you'll love this game.  (50 square miles! - You CAN fast travel)Two massive and detailed areas to play through, with missions, special requests like photograph certain genders of species etc. Or you just ignore all that and crawl through the bushes slowly, stalking your prey until you are ready to take the shot. Slow paced and incredibly addictive.The weapon options, varieties, ammunition types etc creates plenty of replayability.A few glitches with the interface, when changing equipment and doesn't play perfectly with a controller. But other than that, it's spot and is so worth the £29.99 price tag.Awesome."
76561198294597917,Not Recommended,518790,30062487,Posted: 20 February,all,bountyhunter,I love this game but when I go to switch my gun to a bow or something like that  I cant use anything (help because I CAN NOT HUNT... I will be happy to buy the actualy game not this BS that they call the real game)
76561197971129392,Not Recommended,518790,30068206,Posted: 20 February,all,MeatTheGamer,Its a good early access game.
76561198338690863,Not Recommended,518790,33274847,Posted: 5 July,all,NoX,dlc-s ruined
76561198376537445,Not Recommended,518790,32346095,Posted: 11 June,all,Chicken King,"good hunting games, unfortunetly. dev need to fix the hit registry.very close aim in the head 2 times. not dead..... and it's very not good..."
76561198021922520,Not Recommended,518790,31391129,Posted: 27 April,all,Hungski,GG buggy game.  lets pay 4 dollars for DLC tent.
,Recommended,518790,34120765,Posted: 9 August,all,twitch.tv/FrogeTV,"Bought it, streamed it for 8 hours straight.Pros- Not pay to play like the old one- Very fun, very interestingCons- Multiplayer is glitchy af- Gets boring sometimes- If you play without a tutorial you don't get to learn important as♥♥♥♥♥♥and feel really dumb after you find it outBUY THE DLC AND THE GAME, THE ATV IS EXTREMELY USEFUL IT STOPS IT FROM BEING A RUNNING SIMULATOR ALSO THE TENTS ARE REALLY USEFUL!Lets just hope the devs dont ♥♥♥♥ this game up like the original hunter and add guns and stuff that costs money.We need buyable DLC for in game cash pls. Thanks!"
76561198039051867,Not Recommended,518790,29973876,Posted: 16 February,all,Licopolis,"So it's not the early access.Although it feels like it is.Here's what I've got: on the first try:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=865482839http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=865480876The game is very hardware-dependant, so I had to tweak graphics settings in the middle of an intro. Guess what I've got? Menu closing button didn't work, and the only option to quit that menu was quitting to desktop.UI doesn't fit in 4:3 ratio screen.Sounds start missing randomly (not all of them but frequently animal calls, callers and footsteps).Starting new singleplayer game doesn't reset your ammo. So effectively you could waste all and then start from scratch with 0 bullets in the middle of nowhere. Some players have reported buying option is not working for .243 - I'm yet to test it.Just've seen tech issue reported by some lucky XB controller user: ""keyboard users cannot sneak"", Brilliant.Finally (that's what I asked for refund after) I started a new game in Lake District. I had quit the game after getting stuck in the textures and met empty main menu on restarting, meaning it has become totally unplayable.I now understand why they haven't started with pre-order. I can just hope that some day bugs will get fixed and game will be redesigned."
76561197997800782,Recommended,518790,29974439,Posted: 16 February,all,lif_andi,"First time playing thehunter and really enjoying it so far. Some bugs and the menu is a bit weird. Been playing with a controller and some problems come up, nothin game breaking. Game is gorgeous and I'm looking forward to relaxing in the woods some more.Update: Played some more and wow this game is beautiful and really good. Cranked everything up to max and the game comes alive. Performance is good enough for me, don't have a counter for fps and don't really care as long as it feels good and it does. Maps are huge! Really enjoying this."
76561198041552402,Not Recommended,518790,34857821,Posted: 10 September,all,Willem,the f2p classic one is better... you do not pay for a full game here people!
76561198217581753,Not Recommended,518790,30780604,Posted: 27 March,all,BavarianMasterRace,"After you kill 4 animals this game will become boring to you, the grind to earn new weapons is pointless and the guns are no better then the starter. The only good part about this game is the map and graphics, rest blows."
,Recommended,518790,30149152,Posted: 24 February,all,The Seaman,Finally I can go hunting without being touched by my father!
76561198083332535,Recommended,518790,30182045,Posted: 25 February,all,Cronous 24K,"Nice hunting game. The realizem of the game is close tot he real thing.If you are looking for a game that is close tot he real thing, but has a arcade feel this is the game for you. Ont he other hand if you are looking to the real deal this is not the right one for you.I do enjoy the game and I do recommend it."
,Recommended,518790,32078875,Posted: 30 May,all,Dishwasher Safe,"People are confusing Call of the Wild with the free-to-play Hunter game.It's not pay-to-win. You have to hunt to progress and unlock new weapons/perks/skills. The animals are all there from the start and you don't have a limit to how many you can hunt.Keep in mind, it's not perfect. There are minor glitches in the game but nothing game-breaking."
,Not Recommended,518790,30316731,Posted: 4 March,all,HendoThaNeezy,"Very pretty game, intense hunting sequences broken up by a beautiful walking simulator. Unfortunately, it's totally broken. Purchased weapons don't show up in inventory, and I shuffled inventory on my hotbar and the game ate my roe deer caller for my troubles. The store indicates that it's ""owned"", but it's nowhere to be found in my inventory and can't be equipped. Same with the .223 rifle and jackrabbit caller I've purchased. Plus, the sound is buggy as hell. This one needs significant work before I can recommend it, but I really really hope they get it together because 90% of an awesome game is already there."
,Recommended,518790,32424701,Posted: 14 June,all,神Sir Awesome_Possum神,love it 10/10
,Not Recommended,518790,30260284,Posted: 1 March,all,Ley,"I would not reccomend this game YET, it's all worth it to be called a ""Early Access"" but not a full released game at all.There are so many bugs that needs to be fixed before you can really enjoy the game as a ""Hunter simulator"" the settings menu does not save your current settings or at least it does, for 2min.As well, when u zoom in and shoot with your first ability that you can shoot a 2nd shot your scopr seems glitched out and in again. Not smooth at all.in Multiplayer the walking animations are horrible the legs are glitchy as f*I've finally found a rare dear (albino) with white fur. Shot it, and wanted to ahrvest it. Game crashed. great :) well.. not at all. I mean please guys, this game is FAR better than the ""TheHunter"" with the 350$ microtransactions. But why do I can't watch my trohpies? why is there still a bug that Deers cant be shot through leafes... I don't know, I really enjoyed thisa game for about 3hours even with some crashes but now im kinda in this moot. Fix this game or it will be a placeholder in my libary... sad to say. could be such a great game."
76561198143122495,Not Recommended,518790,31227384,Posted: 18 April,all,ExtendedJeans5,"At the time i am writing this. The game has been out for a few months and we have had minimal updates, only a few species of animals, and many many bugs. This game is no more than an unfinished alpha. This is a very good example as to why games are released before being sold as a ""full game."" So it can be tested and fixed before people go buying it expecting a complete and working game."
,Not Recommended,518790,34330329,Posted: 18 August,all,DarkReality,So many glitches its tough to enjoy.
76561198215641713,Not Recommended,518790,33174991,Posted: 3 July,all,VionP001,"hello!Respect for the production team for this game I say very helpless, animals see people running, looking for animals all day long, it is really difficult to play, according to reason, wolves and bears are not aggressive animals? How do  call twice ran? Also, the characters ran so slowly that the animals couldn't catch  It'sup and hit 2.3 at night. really boring.  hope  can add animals that attack people. Otherwise, I definitely don't want to play this game..thank03.07.2017"
76561198006854463,Recommended,518790,34118735,Posted: 8 August,all,Underhook,If you like stealth games then you might enjoy this one.  I do.
76561198093602667,Recommended,518790,30015273,Posted: 18 February,all,GreyDog58,"Do not be alarmed about all of the negative reviews.I'll rate the game off of graphics, optimization, and gameplay.Graphics 9/10. The graphics are stunning and a direct upgrade from theHunter classic. Sometimes you'll find yourself just standing there and enjoying the view.Optimization. 8/10. The minimum graphics card for this game is a GTX 660. I am currently using a GTX 750 TI and I'm running the game as fine as an ocean wave. However there are some bugs and issues that can make an annoyance; for instance, when I got a mission where I had to take a picture of an animal, the key for taking the picture was unbinded and I missed the chance twice, it was tedious really. The settings menu and UI in-game is a bit buggy as well. But I expect these issues to be fixed in the coming weeks.Gameplay 7.5/10. Tracking, hunting, and killing your first deer is quite satisfying really. However I did have some issues with the animals AI; for instance, There was a deer that did nothing but run in circles around me. It was humorous but annoying. I tried to put the deer out of it's misery but it just kept running as fast as it could. I ended up putting three rounds into him sadly, I aimed for his heart twice but the bullet seemed to just evaporate before it met it's target. I finally scored a penetrating shot and it got stuck on a tree and stared at me for a minute and then fell over. The AI in Call of the Wild™ is kind of an upgrade to theHunter Classic. There are actually feeding and drinking areas that animals will go to and you can sit there and wait for them to show up and take a trophy, but they are a bit buggy sometimes.Another thing that stunned me was the map. Currently in Call of the Wild™ there are two maps: Hirschfelden and Layton Lake District. Hirschfelden is a map from theHunter Classic but the catch about this is that the map has been expanded by three times the size it used to be. The maps in theHunter Call of the Wild™ are enourmous and if you're in a multiplayer lobby and feel like hunting alone, you can go anywhere and everywhere.Finally this is important that you read this if you didn't like theHunter Classic.Are your ready for this?Are you sure?Ok here we go.THERE ARE NO MORE MICRO-TRANSACTIONSYOU DO NOT NEED TO BUY A MEMBERSHIP OR LISCENSIS TO HUNT IN CALL OF THE WILD™THIS IS A GOD SENDTHANK YOU EXPANSIVE WORLDSFor a total overall reveiw. I'll give it a 7.5/10The game is amazing, the bugs are the major drawback.If you don't wanna buy the game because of the bugs, that's ok. Just check back in the next few months for updates that fix these.I'll edit this reveiw when the bugs are sorted out.EDIT: UI ISSUES SEEM TO BE FIXED. IGNORE EVERYTHING I SAID ABOUT THE UI."
76561197993224139,Recommended,518790,30103433,Posted: 22 February,all,Warbringer,"This game is frustrating, slow, difficult, and exactly what someone would want from a hunting simulator! This game is not a salt-lick simulator. It takes time to travel around the map and to explore different areas. It takes time to track down animals and sometimes you can go fifteen or twenty minutes without seeing any huntable game. The environment is one of it's greatest features. If you're crawling you will have trouble seeing over the grass, and if you're standing you'll be easilly spotted. The storms that come are amazing. The sounds are incredible even if they don't always match perfectly (warning call vs mating call). There are a few bugs such as animals behaving erradically. I'd say 95% of the time it is bug free and an amazing hunting simulator. I've never had any lag problems or frame loss. I've listed my pc specs belowSpecs: 4.2ghz 8core amd, 16gb ddr3 2133, gtx 960 2gb."
,Recommended,518790,29964585,Posted: 16 February,all,Edzio21,"Wow, Beautifull Real Hunting Simulation."
76561198123917452,Not Recommended,518790,34704913,Posted: 3 September,all,Haunted Tiger,"When I bought this game I was looking for 30 mins to 1 hr hunting experience, couple of kills that could make my day and off I go. This game has amazing graphic and open world, five star to that. But and BIG BUT, the game fails to give me action I need. If you like realistic simulation and willing to walk hours after hours after hours without a single kill then this game is for you. But definitelty not for me. Last couple of days I logged on to this game, spent lot lot of time walking here and there through day and night. But no kill. This was frustrating beyond limits. So I bought 4x4 vehicle available in DLC. I found it is more of a gimmick and only useful when you want to travel from one post to another (which btw developer can easily provide instant travel) but useless during actual hunting. Game is big let down in terms of sheer hunting entertainment. May be this game is not meant for that. So my bad luck.I would like developer to provide difficulty levels. Give actual simulation for Pro but for rookie and fun type like me have lower difficulty which can provide at least ONE kill per hour of gameplay. That would be useful. Until that happens I would suggest gamers like me to stay away from this game."
76561198023210838,Not Recommended,518790,33058328,Posted: 30 June,all,Lightning,"The original is much better currently imo. Hit detection in this one feels off, the animal AI bugs out alot, and imo the original looks almost just as good."
,Not Recommended,518790,30022261,Posted: 18 February,all,Jiffer,"It just doesn't make sense to have an amazing looking game crash, and have this bad of a menu system.Here is the break down:The game is beautiful graphics wise when you crank it up to Ultra everything but when there are so many bugs it becomes unplayable.There is only one player profile across the board. What you do online is the same as if you play solo mode. (example: I dropped a gun online, it was gone in single player as well. (I create a New Game, it just resets my spawn point of my other game but I have same items skills etc...)The Menus are just a developers nightmear. They never work and 50% of the game you have to move in and out of the menus to change guns, ammo etc... I found myself using my arrow keys and enter key to navigate, and that only works like 70% of the time, but a little better then clicking with a mouse.MENU SYSTEM MUST BE WORKED ON before you buy!There is no leaving a game! Thats right, you can't leave a single player game or a online player game and go directly back to the main menu... You Exit to desktop every time! So if i am playing single player, and my firend gets online and is like join my game... I have to exit the entire game to re-launch it then go to multi player.Multiplayer is a bit buggy, There lag system is broken. Peer to Peer style play. I was just about to bag a nice buck and bam the host left the game, Here is the kicker, The entire game shuts down, Not a crash it ♥♥♥♥ing shuts down?!?! No ♥♥♥♥s where given!Deer and animals get stuck in rocks and♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time.Single player is way to easy to play, every second there is a sound from an animal or a trailMutliplayer is much more..... its a bit real, animals are harder to find and you need your actual skills to find♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm not trying to bash this game its just not finnished, its more of a beta then a final game.Don't get me wrong, the game has its ups which would be graphics, I've never seen a deer hunter game look so great in my life.Till the game gets patched with the bugs and suggestions I made above... Its a hard hard pass."
76561198005730584,Not Recommended,518790,31596846,Posted: 6 May,all,hitek,The best looking walking simulator you'll likely ever play.3/10 - mostly for graphics.
76561198276434070,Not Recommended,518790,31931086,Posted: 24 May,all,Feed the greed,"Well, this game does not look as good as you watch in the CG, just a bunch of woods and some animals, I bought it just because I see the CG flash. but for real it's not that beautiful."
76561197970429546,Recommended,518790,31614132,Posted: 7 May,all,The Spirit of Jazz,"I've been a shooter more or less all my life, my father taught me how to shoot with a crappy .177 air rifle when I was about 6 and I've been hooked ever since. As such, hunting games have always been something I've craved, so when I saw The Hunter: Call of the Wild up on steam for £30, I couldn't resist.I'm going to address the negatives first because I want to end this review on a positive note, given that I am recommending the game.The DLC. Yes, the £2.79 tent DLC. I know a lot of people have been laying into the game for this and I can understand why. I played The Hunter Classic for about an hour, then I dropped it because I didn't like the payment model. I know of people who have put over a thousand dollars into Classic and quite a few who have put hundreds in, so I think the reaction to the tent DLC is understandable. However, I also believe a lot of the negativity this game is getting comes down to people being annoyed that the game they put hundreds of dollars into is now available, in full, for £30, albeit a slightly reduced version of the game (the online is nowhere near as sophisticated), but every bit as fun and atmospheric at least.The simulation aspect. This is where my main grip with the game comes from. On the one hand, the game takes the hunting aspect very seriously. Damage modelling is excellent (I know, I hit a red deer in the leg and it limped off before I quickly delivered the coup de grace) and the tracking and calling mechanics are top notch. Some people say this game makes tracking too easy. To them I say visit the options menu. From there, you can tweak the tracking to make it as easy or as realistically difficult as you want to. The ballistics are well modelled, to a point, and this is where the game lets itself down in the simulation aspect. The accuracy statistic. It is, to be blunt, nonsense. What should be the most accurate rifle in the game and the go to weapon for long shots (it's the go to weapon for snipers in both the US and UK militaries) is in fact the least accurate rifle in the game. I am of course referring to the .338. With an accuracy rating of 10/100, it's a joke. I'm baffled as to why the developers have done this. In fact, I'm baffled as to why each weapon has an accuracy rating at all. Just model the ballistics of each calibre as accurately as possible and the ""accuracy rating"" will sort itself out. The accuracy with bows is not what I would expect, although I say that as a bow shooter and a pretty decent one at that. The accuracy you'll get out of the bows is probably about on par with what you would see from somebody who's had an hour or two of practice, having never shot with a bow before. This is a difficult one to balance I guess and it does stop you from taking ""pot shots"" at long rage with the bow. It's best to think of bows as a close quarters weapon, which they are in real life anyway, but I was a tad disappointed when a shot I took from about 15 yards ended up hitting the deer in the back leg, rather than the lungshot I was going for.Bugs. There are a few of these, although they mostly relate to the UI. There's a very irritating bug where a blank tutorial hint will stay on the screen until you quit the game and restart (quitting to the main menu doesn't fix it!). After you know your way around the game, you can thankfully turn these hints off which stops the hint from appearing and thus fixes the problem, but still. Also the directional indicator for the tracking mechanic will sometimes send you in the opposite direction that it should, although if you're paying attention to the animals footprints this isn't too big of an issue. The game also occasionally crashes when resting at an outpost, it has done this twice in 64 hours of play so nothing too drastic, but does need sorting. These are the main issues I've encountered and nothing else comes immediately to mind. None of them game breaking, just mild irritants.The animal models are all the same as far as I can tell. Every buck/stag has the same wonderful looking rack, there are no 2.1's here, and they could use some more variety in both the size of the animal for both male and female animals and the quality of the rack for the males.So, what do I like, no love about the game? Well, pretty much everything else.The visuals are beautiful. From the dense foliage, the swirling mists that get blown by the wind to the sunlight/moonlight breaking through the trees and shimmering off the leaves, it really does do everything it can to make you feel like you're really there. The weather effects are great, although I was a little disappointed that my weapon didn't get wet when it rained, but that's just nit picking really, but overall the graphics are stunning.The sound effects are top notch too, although the audio mixing at night could do with a little tweaking, the crickets can be deafening at times. The animal calls and their movements through the foliage are excellent and you can pinpoint their locations just by listening. The rifle reports are great, as is the twang of the bow and the shnick of the arrow as it finds its mark.The story missions are fun, well voiced and there's plenty of them, some of which are quite challenging (like shooting a fox from 167 yards!).Overall, the audio/visual presentation creates an unrivalled atmosphere and a real sensation of ""being there"". I've played most hunting games, from the original Deer Hunter series to the Cabella's (Their Big Game Hunter: Pro Hunts is well worth checking out too, for a slightly more ""arcade"" experience) but Call of the Wild tops the lot for sheer atmosphere and immersion. It's the absolute best hunting game I've played so far, by a long way. I hope the developers continue to update the game, fixing the bugs and providing more content (more animal models please devs!) because they've got an absolute winner on their hands here, no doubt.If you like hunting games, even in the slightest, then The Hunter: Call of the Wild is a no brainer. It's £30. The same price as a takeout for 3 people. Just buy it already, really. You won't regret it."
,Not Recommended,518790,34908914,Posted: 12 September,all,☠Pool,"Before I start talking about why I don't recommend this game, let me say a few positive things first:-The game is beautiful, and runs really well.-It's fun to play and there's plenty to do.Unfortunatly, if you're like me, and you bought this game thinking that because it was $30+, there wouldn't be so many paid DLCs, well, you're going to be dissapointed.I've put many hours into both Classic and COTW, but I won't recommend this game because there are paid DLCs for:-Tents and Blinds-ATVsBut now, there is a new ""Siberian based map"" that will be released soon, and they're going to charge people to play it in another paid DLC. It's pretty easy to see that they're going to milk as much money as they can out of this game too.  If you want a game that you only have to pay for once, this is not the game for you."
,Recommended,518790,29974235,Posted: 16 February,all,FloomingGonzo,"Game is so so beautiful so i dont get how some People are giving it crap for that.I have had a few bugs like the screen getting really blurry so have to restart, and the menu is kind of clunky and buggy.The game needs abit more optimisation even on a higer rig but thats to be expected considering its just been released, will hopefully be fixed in later patches.Not really a review just getting my points across, I enjoy it and  do recommend it."
,Recommended,518790,32260562,Posted: 7 June,all,Gruntdonttoot,After multiple patches and 3 free dlc this is hands down the best hunting game on steam at the time of this review.Sure they released one $4 dlc but that's hardly a reason for the outrage I've seen for this game. There are no microtransactions and there isn't a season pass.
76561197980524571,Not Recommended,518790,30467041,Posted: 12 March,all,RadFanta,"If you want a real time walking simulator then this is the game for you.If you want a game where you can track a single animal for over an hour (in actual life) to never find it or to shoot one at point blank range and have the bullet entirely miss then this is also for you.Graphics and sound are beautiful. Gameplay needs improving massively unless you like following tracks that don't end up in you ever seeing an animal.Needs more animals and the whole idea of unlocking guns is a PITA to be honest. If I've earned the money to buy a gun, let me buy it.Played several hours and in that time have shot 2 small deer. Mostly spent time walking around in circles getting bored."
76561197977569879,Not Recommended,518790,35300650,Posted: 29 September,all,totte418,Could be one of the worst games ever. Its a shame.. could be real nice. but it is so glitchy and slow. ive tried it a couple of time now and i allways quit cuz i get stuck in some glitch. Its unclear and they havent thought it thru.. real shame.. i hunt on my free time and this game could be real fun and a great way to learn more about the animals.. now it just falls flat and its not worth the money at all.
76561198203154297,Recommended,518790,30218783,Posted: 27 February,all,daniel_vance,uhhh is this a hunting game or a hiking adventure game. cause this is nothing like a hunting game
,Recommended,518790,30210323,Posted: 26 February,all,BOHICA---,I played this game for the first time tonight. Shot 3 deer through the neck and was trampled by a doe. 10/10 Would let Rudolph can cash me outside again.
76561198010069239,Recommended,518790,30327921,Posted: 4 March,all,GeeSVe,"Very beautiful game if you are looking for ""walk in stunning forest simulator"". Can't say anything real about hunting because it is not my point of interest."
,Recommended,518790,30329708,Posted: 4 March,all,420Hero,"Animal behavior is very realistic: Doubling back, facing downwind when bedded, etc. Love the game. Nice job. A few crashes but never after game play - always whitin a few seconds though, nver during the peak of a half hour hunt or the like. Great game!"
76561198063251156,Recommended,518790,30232627,Posted: 27 February,all,Just Tap It In..,"Overall a Great game! i give a 4 out of 5 starts because of the graphic content, gamplay, and  realism. if your looking for a realistic hunting game. this is it!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30393896,Posted: 8 March,all,losevilospl,"i3 is not a minimal requirement , on i5 game works very slow , poor optimisation"
,Recommended,518790,30697794,Posted: 23 March,all,Erasmus,"Ok, I've only played for a little over 5 hours now, but WOW!! I play FPS all the time, always trying to find just the right one. Fallout 4 and the Witcher: Wild Hunt, are really at the top of my list. But this game, just blew me away. I have fun just walking around looking a the amazing environment, and not just the visuals, the sounds are amazing. Then, I am sitting in the nook of rock wall overlooking a hay field, with the moon rising in the evening sky. I sat there for approx 6 minutes, and all of a sudden, to my left, I heard rustling in the bushes. It was literally scary. Well, I am done, going ot play the game now. DWM"
76561197976850287,Recommended,518790,30714454,Posted: 24 March,all,epideath,"Great game even thoug I had a very rocky start. For the bad part first, this game would constantly crash on me every 5-90 minutes, I had changed from ultra to lowest possible graphics settings to no avail. After the latest patch I thought the developers would fix this problem. Well still constant crashes. So I decided to go another route, and look a bit more at my hardware. I installed a utility that came with my graphics card, and lowered the clock speed down and limited the temperature, LOW AND BEHOLD success!!, So I looked further and noticed the graphics card was getting a bit high, not really out of the norm for cards nowadays though. A little further testing and I ended up changing the speed of my GPU fan to aggressive. This game is now rock solid on ULTRA setting and getting over 30fps. So just a note to others about crashes, you may want to look in your own backyard a little like I did.NOW FOR THE GOOD. I'm not a hunter at all in real life. But this game is relaxing and fun. I really like the missions as they get you motivated to explore and as they progressivly get harder it takes more concentration and patience. I'm glad that I get to enjoy the game now without the fear of a crash, so I can take my time esploring and looking for outposts, and other POI's. I'm only level 20 but I'm having a great time. Keep in mind that I got 70+ hours in this game even with the constant crashes I had previously, that has to mean something! I can't wait to unlock more items to play around with. I thought bow hunting would be hard but I was happily suprised that it was not a whole lot harder than a gun. I can't wait to see how far my lonest shot will be eventullay and what kind of trophy kills I can get. So much to do. :)I want to thank the developers of this game and I can't wait to see further improvements and DLC's in the future."
76561198085818313,Recommended,518790,30816583,Posted: 29 March,all,Turtle VACation,"Pretty awsome game, some flaws are that this game is to gpu heavy i have a 1070 and this game runs at 100% gpu usage all the time and the tempatures goes up to 70C so plz do something, another flaw is that its so slow to unlock perks, skill points and guns. And could you please add some sort of vehicle like a atv."
,Recommended,518790,30109882,Posted: 22 February,all,Jrohwell,"As a hunter, I can say this game is awesome. Yes it has its bugs, sometimes pretty bad but it has great potential.Pros:Graphics are beautiful especially on my 1440p Moniter.RealisticEasy to lose animalSounds are greatCons:Bugs90% of deer look the same, would like to see different size and range of antlers."
,Recommended,518790,30176414,Posted: 25 February,all,tempast2003,"Still work in progress, however thehunter team has kept up with the original thehunter online since the beggining.  Still very fun, takes time to get better weapons.  If you have a thehunter account you can get a specail varient of the .270 rifle for the original thehunter game if you purchase before March. just check outthehunter.comand sign into or register to thehunter classic then link steam account."
76561198102724186,Not Recommended,518790,30335526,Posted: 5 March,all,Sarge,The game is  good but its crashing in every 5 min
,Recommended,518790,32795191,Posted: 25 June,all,Pupper,6/10 The Devs spent more time making a ATV then they did programming animal AI.The game looks good but honstly how can you realease a full game without a functional menu and deer that stand there and just let you shoot them. The beginning stages of this game blow chunks and the devs have a lot of work to do.I really hope they improve this game because it has a lot of potential.
76561198201480671,Not Recommended,518790,33737825,Posted: 22 July,all,rayan.solaiman,"did not work ,i request refund"
76561198365896347,Recommended,518790,33258515,Posted: 4 July,all,枫北落叶,"Game is fun, it is a Bug is a bit much, tents disappear for no reason, multiplayer and pick up their prey without money."
,Recommended,518790,33194864,Posted: 3 July,all,Thunderr,A great successor to theHunter ClassicIncludes absolutely gorgeous graphics that just captures your thoughts and jails you inside it's beautiful world
76561198122196994,Recommended,518790,33546397,Posted: 14 July,all,Mad_Skull,The last patch they did made the game unplayable for me. Keeps kicking me off game. Closes and crashes.  But when the game was working it was pretty cool.
,Not Recommended,518790,30656472,Posted: 21 March,all,Kev@n,"amazing setting BUT....slow. terribly slow paced.maps are big, but feel empty.no enough species. no interesting deer racks.nothing of all those things that give longevity to TH classic.atm, i'll uninstall both. this one because it's still at the beginning, th because it's too greedy.I'll keep waiting for mre contents"
76561197991605866,Recommended,518790,32236233,Posted: 7 June,all,Jeff,"First of all its a great game. I mean it would be but all the bugs destroy it. Every now and then something just doesnt Work or something is glitching. I wished the developers would work harder on bug fixing before releasing more and more content, what is good dont get me wrong. but bug fixing should be the priority. i just played like 10 hours and had to restart the game several times cuz something was bugged. it takes a lot of fun out of the game.the concept tho is very good ! i like the skill system and that u can decide what kind of hunter u want to be. But i wished there would be a bigger variety of weapons and also more stuff to upgrade ur weapons. Overall im gonna pause here and get back to the game in several weeks or months hopefully a lot of stuff will be fixed by then. So i can simply enjoy this great game."
76561198015276640,Recommended,518790,31682841,Posted: 11 May,all,Icewolf,"Lets start this by saying I was very skeptical about this game. I've been playing theHunter Classic since 2010 and I still love it. And when they suddenly announced this game, I was pretty disappointed and even scared that they would abandon the first game. But they made it clear that wasn't the case.The game was released and it didn't look all that great in my eyes. Sure it was beautiful, but that was it. The gameplay looked pretty meh, but, I was still curious to try it out. So one day I got the chance to try it out and to be honest, I loved it. I loved it so much that I bought it and I didn't regret a thing.The game itself feels a bit easier than the Classic one, but it's nothing that bothers me. It doesn't feel ""arcady"" to me either. It's a hunting game, and a damn good one in my opinion. The graphics are beautiful and still looks very good on my half baked potato that seriously need an upgrade. It runs very well too.I love the animals. They are very well made. I've had so many epic experiences where huge herds of deer would just run past me. It was seriously a cool experience. They also look really good and their animations are smooth.In terms of bugs, I guess I've been lucky. I haven't had any bug except the one that made outpost disappear from the map.If you like hunting games, this will probably entertain you. Don't trust the negative reviews here, since they're hardly fair. Just butthurt kids that went nuts for some petty DLC. The same kind of kids that bash the classic version just because they can't pay ten dollars for a three month subscription.Do yourself a favor, watch some Let's Play videos and decide for yourself whether the game looks good or not."
76561198264023277,Recommended,518790,30079921,Posted: 21 February,all,Mackan #D24POWER!!,This game is really good. Good graphics and it's looking nice. You don't need to pay real money for license and weapons all the time. But there are some big problem in the game.1 Sometimes you don't die or often when you falling down a mountain2 Not happen very often but sometimes the animals just stay still so you can walk or run to the animal and the animal does not care what you do and he/she does not die when you shoot.3 Often the big animals get stuck in to trees and mountains so it's hard to kill them because they glitch4 I don't know if it's my computer but the game chrashes really often it's happen to my friends too5 In multiplayer you can't claim outposts and lookout point.I know it's a new game but thats why there are many bugs but please fix!!
76561198044439673,Recommended,518790,30051537,Posted: 19 February,all,Twitchy,I feel like i have played generally enough time to give a review now these 2 things i will say are very important.1. this game is a bit buggy while not enough to ruin your experience it's enough to annoy you a little when your trying to play multiplayer2. These developers have betrayed my trust in the past im talking about the hunter primal i played it way too much but it was hardly updated so really it's a 50/50 chance to wether they will patch this gamebesides that go nuts it's your $30
,Not Recommended,518790,32834289,Posted: 26 June,all,Sergeant Ted Baker ✅,"It is good but it has next to no content for the price you are paying, you are better of getting the original free and then buying a subscription and item combo dlc"
,Not Recommended,518790,32825092,Posted: 26 June,all,coolrick92,"something something dlc should be free something something not a simulator something something just hunt in real lifeall jokes aside, the game needs more work to be a better game."
,Recommended,518790,31054129,Posted: 9 April,all,Pain Enforcer ™,"Good game needs more types of weapons, more animals, better optics, scopes are blurry like there cheap, different maps, more dangerous animals, need small game hunting, see rabbits all the time no exp or money from killing them , missions suck, multi is ok but needs better rewards for ""big"" animals, whole game is to easy but still fun, perks and skills suck, and more.... oh well  this the the best hunting game since Deer Hunter 2005 Season so its as good as it gets"
76561198355089797,Recommended,518790,34177135,Posted: 11 August,all,DTM_zombie,love it
,Recommended,518790,34181202,Posted: 11 August,all,Lioncide 🦁,"""TH: COTW"" 10/10"
76561198060454891,Recommended,518790,34177840,Posted: 11 August,all,briddle24,Best hunting game on steam
,Recommended,518790,31073159,Posted: 10 April,all,iLLuSioN,"Loving the game so far. I have quite a few hours in the original ""theHunter"" and this game will blow the original out of the water when the bugs and other features are fixed/implemented. It's quite a grind to get what you want but it has me coming back for more. So used to the old game with stats and worrying about how much ammo I need per map. I'm at a low level right now so I don't have to worry about it yet but can't wait for it to be an issue.A couple hours into the game I ran into a herd of Buffalo and only had the .243.... Why not... I was dodging Buffalo for 30 minutes as they kept charging me at random. I definitely know the sounds of disgruntled buffalo now. 6 shots by the way... How many .243 rounds it takes to take down a single buffalo while dodging several and you can't shoot straight because you're stamina is so low from trying to get away.Based on playing theHunter(Classic):Pros:1. No micro transactions2. Killer graphics. I find my self running around just to look at all the scenery.3. Easily track animals. The tracks glow a certain color and pulsate.4. Chainsaw background noise in the distance was a nice addition.5. Doc doesn't scold me anymore.6. Sounds meter shows you how loud you are.7. Windage is shown (direction) for free.8. Caps lock is the move faster button. You can move faster in crouch and prone positions too.9. Map doesn't reset at nightime and there's a flashlight.10. Nightsights.11. Visibility meter always visable. No need to go to huntermate to check.Cons:1. No micro transactions - theHunter (Classic) could buy anything you wanted when you wanted it (real money)... Love hate relationship.2. Crashes quite a bit right now but I'm sure it will be fixed soon. Progress upto the crash will be saved but not any unharvested animals.A. Alt tabbing out crashes for me everyonce in a whileB. Crashed when I shot a huge deer. It ran around in circles for a min then the game crashed. Sad I didn't get the points for it.C. Tried changing the resolution and the game crashed.3. Can't shoot the rabbits or squirrels. I know that it will be coming as it was in the original (rabbits).4. No mallard or geese... soon I hope.5. I don't like the animals scared stat. I run around to sightsee and have a bad stat because of it.6. Not that much documentation to know what you needA. What camo is good for the area you're in. Scent/noise reduction? Just for looks right now?B. Should I waste my credits on the .223? What can I shoot with it? Just the red fox? Rabbit for no points?7. Can't reload weapon while in move fast mode (caps lock).8. Music sound setting is reset after harvesting an animal. Good sounding but cann't hear the animals too well at 90.9. Could be my computer but the clickable areas are off in windowed mode. For example, you have to click 1/4"" below ""buy"" to click the link.10. Glow sights are taken off weapon when you switch to something other than that weapon (very annoying). Scopes seem to stick and don't have any issues.11.Occasionally when pressing the ""d"" key (froward), you'll crouch and the only way to get out of it is to go prone and get back up or look at the map.Is there a link to the game roadmap (what developers are working on)?Don't get this game if you want to just jump into the game and shoot animals. You could be walking around the map for 15 minutes and not see/hear an animal. If you like hunting and are patient, this is the game to get.***UPDATE***I have 66 hours or so now and still coming back for more. There has been an update to the game but it didn't really fix any of the bugs/issues I'm having.- I really like hunting at night. The headlamp doesn't illuminate too much but it's the only way you'll see any tracks. The night sights aren't working very well but will be really fun at night when they do.- I've been in the middle of a few stampedes which are crazy to experience. I've had them with elk and moose. The elk herd was 30 or so deep and they wouldn't stop coming back until I dropped about 15-20 of them (wish I recorded it). The only thing that kept me alive was by jumping up on a rock so they wouldn't trample me to death. For some reason they took off after killing so many. Not sure exactly why they decided to move on. The stampede sounds like rolling thunder. I originally thought it was a motorcycle outside and took my headphones off a few times to make sure it was the game.- I now wander around with the 30-30, 7mm, and bow. I haven't unlocked everythig but this seems like a good combination for anything I come accross.- Some of the missions are really hard and have given up on a few of them as they seem bugged and others have complained about them as well.- If you come across this review and are on the fence, give it a try. If you play less than 2 hours, you can still get a refund. I feel that $30 (current price) would give you 3 hours of entertainment at a movie theater (with consessions) but this game will keep you entertained for tens, if not, hundreds of hours.Overall, it's a great game and excited to see the game evolve as bugs are squashed and more DLCs are created. I'm looking forward to birds (mallards and geese), small game (rabbits), equipment (tree stand etc.), and new weapons (17 hmr please)."
,Recommended,518790,34177009,Posted: 11 August,all,Yana,"Dont play this when you are have the business or anything to do within 1 or 2 hours later, i mean you need to play this game when you have free time about 3 hours , if you are insist to play this within a hour, all you get is a despair from your 1km walking, not counted shot, countless shots, and of course enjoy your waiting simulator"
76561198111271913,Recommended,518790,31020547,Posted: 8 April,all,Aus (CANADA),wont work for my 2013 laptop but i still recommend this game
76561198079512743,Recommended,518790,30934494,Posted: 3 April,all,HarleyW-iwnl-,10/10
76561198054772915,Not Recommended,518790,30417850,Posted: 9 March,all,Benjamin,The game is very beautiful but its full of bugs and multiplayer is not playable at the moment. If u want to just play singleplayer its ok but you can still find bugged animal packs just standing still and lots of other bugs.
76561197972848210,Recommended,518790,32140367,Posted: 2 June,all,RJ16066,Beautiful evironment. Still needs Headturn ability.
,Recommended,518790,33146107,Posted: 2 July,all,Echs Dee,"Great game. Maybe a bit too many animals, (too easy to find), but really, thats the only complaint to the game, exept from the few bugs. The only bug i've experienced is crashing, but it has only crashed once. Maybe a ""Realism mode"" and ""arcade mode"" would fix this, so the people like me who want fewer animals, and more ""hardcore"" and realistic gameplay could enjoy it more, and the ppl who want the more arcade experience, can get that.10/10, Would smash a bear again."
76561198034643097,Recommended,518790,29970228,Posted: 16 February,all,SleeprunnerInc,"Spent 2 hours chasing one deer that I apparently had shot to the legs.Ran through the forest constantly trying to hunt it down, finding mark after mark of its blood.For 2 whole hours the creature bled and pooped itself.Warning everyone around the forest that he was shot and a hunter was on its tail.Finally at the end of its ropes I found it, at the very same place I first shot it.IT looked me straight in the eye and said: My job here is done, I warned everyone.As I pulled out my rifle, aimed for his lung, popping him where it all started.I said: Too bad most animals dont speak Deer.Also I learned that your game will start to lag like hell once you use your huntermate to spot about 100+ marks on the ground.And if you dont see marks or they vanish, put your headlight on to see them."
76561198168847227,Recommended,518790,31007685,Posted: 7 April,all,HWALL,"One thing I wish were different is the sounds of the animals, Ther is no difference between male female,roe deer sound like red deer and fallow deer. It would be nice to be able to tell by the sounds they make what type of animal and what sex it is."
76561197970516279,Recommended,518790,31133568,Posted: 14 April,all,thepoth,This game is so addictive.  Well worth a try.
,Recommended,518790,31217743,Posted: 18 April,all,ZiEGE,mhm
,Recommended,518790,31278930,Posted: 21 April,all,Viper Nakajima,"For those of you who really enjoy hunting in games like myself, this is a very good attempt at what it would be like to go out and hunt in the wild. Sure it's riddled with bugs (i've only experienced a few) But the feel, the sounds, the excitement of bagging your first buck is a feeling i haven't felt in a long time. I love hunting in games, it's one of my favorite things to do and this captures it almost perfectly. Though keep in mind, hunting is a very slow and methodical sport. You should deticate some time and effort to it, you can't just run everywhere and shoot deer in the head all the time. I mean you can, but thats not the point of the game and you wont get a whole lot of points for it.  Also while hunting doe isn't advised in real life, i would actually encourage it as they're much more common and you still get xp and cash towards new gear that is much needed. Those worried about licenses, i remember Primal needing you to buy licenses to hunt anything outside of whitetail but in my experience i can hunt whatever is out there with no consequence. It's a must-have for hunting fans."
76561198199435335,Not Recommended,518790,30070696,Posted: 20 February,all,f4lyfe8469,i cant get the game to work it crashes on startup ive checked integrity of cache twice now and says everything is ok idk what to do
76561198093826279,Recommended,518790,30773411,Posted: 27 March,all,Dendo,This game is awesome!
76561198093685898,Recommended,518790,33042747,Posted: 30 June,all,Cooties,"People complain about cheap DLC, not that big of a deal to give this a thumbs down. The game looks great and plays great."
76561198128630168,Recommended,518790,32922358,Posted: 28 June,all,deNu,awesome experience
,Not Recommended,518790,30117299,Posted: 23 February,all,Patukka69,"As it is right now, too many bugs, clitches and crashes. I'd wait for a update or two before buying.Graphics are beautiful and big big maps."
,Recommended,518790,32521946,Posted: 17 June,all,Truther,Its great!
76561198362972012,Recommended,518790,32482455,Posted: 16 June,all,John21marksman,"I like the ATV so much, it takes me easily to finish the missions which far away from I stood before."
76561198155983977,Recommended,518790,29965843,Posted: 16 February,all,IcaStigarn/SuperAxel/GuldGänget,Awesome!
76561197988169525,Recommended,518790,29971909,Posted: 16 February,all,Nivv,This is wild!
76561197960303214,Recommended,518790,29988979,Posted: 17 February,all,Cadis Etrama Di Raizel,"I have to write an review and try to change this mixed review.I tried this lets say at a buddys place yesterday before i made up my mind to buy it.I played like 2 hours yesterday and with no bugs and on highest settings at 2560*1440 reso and it looks really good. I really like the enviorments and the size of the 2 maps. Im really looking forward to unlocking more wepons and already bought the bow.Today when i bought the game (1,7 hours) ive encountered 1 bug and that was when i shoot a bear and he died but was still standing when he was dead but killed like 3 bears and 2 deers and 1 coyote before that with no problem. Would really like something like an option when you bagged it to see and follow the bullet from rifle to hit and think it would be really nice but only after you got to it and bagged it.I love the sounds and diffrent environments and the feeling to shoot but havent really got an chance to try lures and such yet.Devs seems to listen and trying to fix bugs and of course its gonna be bugs with these kind of games and hey its not a 60 euro game, its only 30 euro."
76561198089288548,Recommended,518790,30059684,Posted: 20 February,all,Gio_M086,Ok so after watching a dozen  review videos about this game I just had to get it. Now I'm going to say this as a real life hunter I tend to play hunting games as I would hunt in real life. Now after saying that this games visuals are stunning. The mechanics are a little wanky at times but with some patches and updates I feel like this will be the best hunting game out there. The animals AI is great for example. I on my first play through which you have to spot track and kill and animal I spotted a Fallow Buck through some brush. Now I was downwind so he did not smell me but I did hit into a branch while getting closer. The Fallow Buck heard it and looked right in my direction before taking off. Thats what happens in real life. I spotted it a 2nd time and was able to get the kill. After that i did not realize i was play for almost an hour. I Think this is going to be a great game. Here are some Pro's and some minor Cons about the game.Pros:Stunning VisualsAnimal AI is greatNo more P2P (in  game money system when you level up and get cash from killing animals)Perk SystemHuge MapConsWhen you crouch the sound meter stays high but this will be patchedNot enough different speices ( a game update will prob have more)I would like to see treestands and decoys etc. prob in an update.No Trophy Camera pictures. (my Favorite thing about the orginal hunter.I have had no issues with crashing or anything i have seen in other reviews.I recomned this game to anyone who likes to hunt and is a fan of hunting games. The game is a week old they will def do updates to it down the road look at the Hunter 8years and still do patches and updates.  and you can go wrong for $30.
76561198339775785,Recommended,518790,30082592,Posted: 21 February,all,combine-jockey,12 hrs in and still have alot to explore.     8/10    will be 10/10 if they keep updating and improving gamenice to have this type of game in my library
,Recommended,518790,29969468,Posted: 16 February,all,Princess,"Its a good game, if you like theHunter but dont like spending a ton of money on it to actually hunt this is the game to get. The only problem I have is that since I am color blind it can be hard to tell if the track I am looking at is a track that I want to track or a track that I am already tracking at a small distance. The other tracks your not currently on are white and your track is a light blue it looks like."
,Recommended,518790,30062023,Posted: 20 February,all,MAEWSUS,"Good hunting gameVery huge mapBeautiful natureIf you like to play open world, exporing, hunting, and rolplaying.You will play for hours and forget eating time."
,Recommended,518790,30037376,Posted: 19 February,all,Thunder Wave,AWSOME GAME! DONE
76561198073618901,Recommended,518790,30062519,Posted: 20 February,all,fattyfatfat03,"Are there some bugs? Sure.However, I played all night long.It has that, ""one more kill"" thing going for it.It's a fun game and if you like these types of games,don't listen to the haters and get it."
,Recommended,518790,30019405,Posted: 18 February,all,MaTheMeatloaf!,"This is one of the most immersive buetiful games i have ever played, Its almost photo realistic walking through these gorgous maps. Hunting animals is fun but its very very slow paced. The devs were aiming for a realistic hunting expierance. If you are the impatient type or play alot of call of duty this game wont be for you. Don't be steered wrong by the negative reviews, Yes there are some really bad bugs but its far from game breaking and im sure they will iron them out soon.  Also be careful with alot of these negative reviews. Apperently they made another call of the wild a few years ago with a cash shop and people that have invested hundreds of dollars into that old game ARE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥OFF They can't carry any progress over here, They are mad so they are slandering the game.If you watched the trailers of this and seem interested BUY IT! Its that good that you will overlook the bugs."
76561198034410789,Recommended,518790,30102226,Posted: 22 February,all,>NAM<Nazaklanee,"This Game is awesome, yes there are a few buggs  not major ones to me..  doenst really affect gameplay.   thumbs up for this !"
,Recommended,518790,30044874,Posted: 19 February,all,(4SFG) Dolphin,"This honestly might be me GOTY 2017. This game makes me feel like how i feel when I'm out hunting with my father. The tracking, shooting, and bagging of animals is soooo satisfying. Even just walking throught the beautiful enviroment is fun. It's a hiking simulator, but a damn good one. There are some bugs, but nothing game breaking. If you have some friends to play with, and a free schedule, you should definetly pick up this game. Cheers!"
,Recommended,518790,30074999,Posted: 21 February,all,ANZA | Melon Dude,Pretty Gud Game Shoot A Deer And Run After It For An Hour
,Recommended,518790,34988181,Posted: 15 September,all,Treyten,Damn. This game is better than sex.
76561198263771519,Recommended,518790,33658666,Posted: 19 July,all,Legendarybuck,"In order to buy this game If you see the recommanded requiredment systems that where their wrong you need much powerful gaming system to play it it had beauful performance but it very graphic. if you have intel core i5 6700 or lower it will bottleneck your cpu just playing 60 fps with 1050ti 4 gb msi graphic card. when you play this game in the daytime it has performance issues its gets choppy lag and lots of chips lags, funny thing when night falls comes the performance runs smooth and no lag but it feels like its 30 fps but its achully 60fps... My Recommanded system requiredment is an intel corei7 and geforce gtx 970 or higher to play this game.... it does have bugs in the game be perpared...you will get lags...now lets go on the postive sideit has good animals aminations sumlutions its a lot more realistic graphics, also you can rank up levels to unlocks more items its also has missions for you to do to earn money and XP and tough challengings to completed. you also can hunt at night but it not much actions going on mostly actived is am noon and late eveingsone thing i don't like about this game is the the animals antlers are all the same just different sizes that kind of gets me a little boring and it if you want the game to get improvment if i wear i would strongly wait about a year or two before buying it otherwise you be dealing with lags, bugs, animals glitching."
76561198085072954,Recommended,518790,32537676,Posted: 18 June,all,Labarbaroja,"Love the game. Very immersive. Literally like taking a walk in the woods. The ambient effects are so convincing that you half expect to feel the rain and wind. If you put a quality headset on and shut your eyes you would swear you are in a forest.Keep having an issue where my tent does not stay in my inventory after I log back in. Is it designed like that? When I first started using the tent, it did not do that.Pretty dumb idea if it is doing it on purpose."
76561198069580103,Recommended,518790,32532972,Posted: 18 June,all,Koneko [Slayga],TheHunter: Call of The wild.This is a really fun Hunting game. I played this with my friend for 3 hours straight we both love this game.Under The time we played did we find some problems. But the best thing we found was taking a ATV and driving around and explore the world with a great landscape. We took some nice photos of the game.I found myself relaxed in this game and always smiled when i played the game. The graphics are fantastic and tricked me really. It felt like i didnt play a game it felt like it was in real life.I would recomend this game for most people that love simulator games and hunting of course
76561198305192607,Recommended,518790,30955117,Posted: 4 April,all,sh9683,"fun game, certainy the most realistic hunting game i have ever played, and absolutely the most beautiful.pros:realisticbeautifuldecent pricespend hours and hours playing the gamecons:does have glitches, like animals being stuck where you can walk rigth up to them, (nothing bad though not enough to make it unenjoyable, its a great game)spend hours and hours playing the gametakes forever to get skill and perk points,I highly recomend it if you hunt or are into hunting, expect to do lots of walking and stalking, don;t expect high action, game is designed to be a hunting game,"
,Recommended,518790,34780650,Posted: 6 September,all,The Humble Nerd,"Love it, Though it is a niche game for people.I have not had any crashes yet, no problems,its alittle hard to run on my laptop but it is a bit intense for gaphics.10/10, would like more dlc.BEWARE THE CHARGING BISON!!! lol"
,Recommended,518790,34121363,Posted: 9 August,all,Skydemonking,One of the best hunting games i have played in awhile.
76561198015467747,Recommended,518790,34123935,Posted: 9 August,all,ANTI_POGUE,"I've been playing The Hunter series since 2009 when it came out... The original had some really nice animals, arguably better weapons but the paid subscriptions killed me off eventually.This new COTW is great, I am an avid hunter and outdoorsman in my personal down time - this almost gives me a bit of an escape from reality at home with headphones on, slink around the hills for half an hour, hunt some deer / elk / moose / bears etc then close it down.Like some people have said, the deer are unreasonably good listeners! They can hear you from 400km, which is brutal. There are a heap of animals around but you generally only catch a glimpse of them running off in the distance between some trees unless you're basically crawling everywhere.The Quad Bike DLC is awesome, but has changed the game a lot. I like them to get around and go to all the lookouts / unlock all the outposts but other than that they make hunting a waste of time, everything nearby clears out. Tents are convenient, that's about all.The firearms, are fairly crap... They're unfairly balanced, don't do realistic damage, you can go prone but still have offensively useless muzzle / sight picture control... The external and terminal ballistics of the ammunition are light on making you often wound and then be forced to track even female fallow deer for kilometers sometimes which is rubbish.This game could REALLY DO WITH SOME more modern, practical rifles - eg a Bolt Action 300WinMag / 7mm Rem Mag / 6 or 6.5mm Creedmoor or 260Rem for the Elk and other deer. .300RUM / .338LM / SAUM etc for ELR hunting and maybe a couple of Semi Auto .223 / 300 Blackout for foxes / pigs etc... The hippies and european naturalists get their hooks into the weapons and get into a tiff which is frustrating, they don't want to add any reasonable firearms (listed above) because it doesn't fit their demographic back home, get over it. Add them in, if you don't want to use them then dont... For everyone else, they're another option.In summary, I love this game but it's a bit one dimensional still. The damage should be increased proportionally, the firearms should be modernised to reflect the rest of the western world. Probably my favourite game."
76561197991906240,Recommended,518790,32737311,Posted: 24 June,all,Jewish Jesus,Finally a walking simulator I can get behind.
,Recommended,518790,30067568,Posted: 20 February,all,[κρά]Goose,"theHunter Call of the Wild.. what a game. It's the perfect hunting game for people who just want to relax, enjoy the scenery and then take down a nicely lined up buck putting their name on the leaderboards to top their friends!Seriously this game while it has it's flaws is like one of those games you hate but you keep playing because it's fantastic at the same time. You can lose so many hours in this game just from walking around and finding loads of beautiful location in which you can spam the screenshot key and post all over your steam profile. So into the nitty gritty! The review-[ Gameplay ]-The gameplay is awesome, the animal tracking, wind, callers, weapons, clothing and scents. There's a decent amount of equipment to keep you entertained for a while!Now the wind has to be the biggest feature of this game, simply sneaking up to an animal quietly just won't cut it anymore if you're upwind of an animal. Unless you don't have a scent sprayed all over you.. You're going to struggle to kill it. It will smell you before you even see it. Sometimes they throw a warning call, that could be your saving grace to bag it. If not, reposition so you're no longer upwind, get downwind and call them towards you. The sound you make also can scare animals off, If you're walking through a bush it makes more noise than walking through grass as you would expect, so planning your route whilst getting set-up is essential to get the big scores!Gun play, while you can shoot any animal with any gun you do lose score by doing this, if you're going for a big buck to try and top the leaderboards, don't go running in with a 7mm unless you getting Bison or something. You have the make sure you using the correct rifle and ensure the 100% Trophy Integrity which adds onto your final score. The sounds of the guns firing are really nice, they sound similar with small differences... but. They sound awesome!Perk/Skill system, compared the theHunter Classic, CoTW (Call of The Wild) has perks and skills, as you play you gain XP, level up and you can then unlock skills and perks, this helps you hold you breath longer, gain more information about the animal you've spotted - such as weight, potential score and this helps down the line to track your animals too. So you can really tailor how you prefer to hunt and then buy the perks which benefit you.-[ Sound ]-Overall the sound of this game such as effects, wind. rain, lightening, animal calls. They're really good. Whilst there are some small bugs where you can't locate a call if you're in a menu and then exit. Also sometime calls don't display so you physically cannot locate them. It's pretty uncommon that this happens. The wind sounds are spot on although sometimes really loud when in a blind/tent and the same goes for the rain. I would love to see a weather sound volume slider so we can keep the sound effects high, just lower the weather sounds.-[ Multiplayer ]-The best part! Hunting with your friends is awesome. The multiplayer is pretty stable. Never really had a lot of issues with it either apart from the small desync with animals but changing the time in-game simply seems to sort this out. If you are hunting with a friendas much as you'd love to roll around together and hunt together it's not practical unless you switch rolles, so a caller/spotter and then the shooter. If you're both looking to shoot you'll have to sync your shots. Which when you land two kills, is really cool! Hunting on your own in a MP lobby would be the best way to go, you can still see what they kill and the score they recieve so you can still have competition. Which makes the game that little bit more fun!The downside to Multiplayer though, If you have any tents placed around a reserve, if you're not the host, they will not be there when you join, only the hosts tents/blinds will show. Which can be slighly annoying but it just means getting your friend to set-up in close/similar locations.-[ Hunting Pressure ]-Hunting Pressure is a feature that has been added into this game to stop animals constantly vacating hotspots, so this pressure would deter animals to walk/sleep/feed/rest in these areas due to the recent harvests in that area. The way to remove the pressure from your hunting area is simply to hunt somewhere else. The way the hunting pressure works is that it has a limited amout that can ""placed"" on the map. Let's say for example the limit is 20. You go around a reserve get 5 harvests, move another 10 and then another 5. You would then have hunting pressure scattered around other areas within the reserve, but your original location would be fine to hunt there again. So it forces you to move about and explore the reserves to benefit you as you gain more XP for exlploring and finding new things with these beautil reserves!-[ Conclusion ]-I Highly reccomend this game, it's fun, relaxed and a fun casual game which you and a few friends could easily lose a few hours to. I'm a bit annoyed you have to pay a small amount for the DLC (Tents/Blinds & ATV) I feel like these should have been in the base game but other than that. Great game, loads of fun!"
76561198132071791,Recommended,518790,35054309,Posted: 18 September,all,CarlOnDuty,10/10 wood recumend
,Recommended,518790,30312332,Posted: 4 March,all,MountainTrapper,"If you have a SICK computer with a TITAN X, you will find this game amazing with beautiful graphics, but for us without OP computers we will find it rather ugly and annoying (you'll have to play the game to see what I mean) but even on low-medium graphics  settings I personally found this game fun and addictive. It is a HUGE improvement from theHunter (original game which was pay2win). It has an AMAZING open world and intelligent AI, It is a very stratigic but slow game, but thats what hunting is! I love it so far, lets hope they don't screw this up!!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30465316,Posted: 12 March,all,Taco,"The game looks beautiful and♥♥♥♥♥♥ but I feel like they worked more on that than the hunting aspect. I was just crawling my way around through grass I couldn't see through when I came across a deer. It was just sitting there, doing nothing. I stood up, took out my shotgun, and still.. it did nothing. I went to it's side, lined up a shot for it's heart and fired.. or at least I tried. As soon as I clicked, the game crashed. And here I thought I was gonna get a free kill... The best moment I had playing the game was my first kill. I was on top of the lookout where you start and I killed a deer with one shot from like 4 miles away. It just instantly dropped. Other than that though, the game is pretty buggy."
,Recommended,518790,31230504,Posted: 18 April,all,ANUJG1988,"Great gameHunting hunting and huntingexplore the areahunt animalsdiscover outposts for fast travelmake use of binoculars, scope of riflesight zone where you can get some area of map discoveredcomplete missionsquite realistic huntingapproach slowly towards animal while tracking footprints, poo or animal callsalso discover feed , rest and drink zonesI totally hate hunters in real lifebut in a game we can do thatWARNING! No animals were hurt or killed in real life during the gameall of the work is totally graphically 3d animatedHAPPY HUNTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!9/10"
,Recommended,518790,34873611,Posted: 10 September,all,What is up my dude,"Mooseboys are spookyboys they always like walking up on me while I'm sitting in a bush and then I have to use my bow to drop em they stomp a lot and are massive, scary mooseboys please mooseboys stop spooking me while I'm hunting ders."
76561197972064403,Recommended,518790,34357720,Posted: 19 August,all,Rocketman,While I am writing this I am downloading the origanal Hunter game for a couple key reasons. The exp points system and the fact that you can't hunt both reserves with saved games. It's one or the other. The callers are weird because everything comes to the jack rabbit caller. Also having to gain exp to get purchase  the callers is a pain. You really don't need the deer or moose caller because they come when you use the jackrabbit caller. It's a beautiful game in 4k with a 1080TI but really the old game is better. for my taste.
,Recommended,518790,30686165,Posted: 23 March,all,CrossFire,Brilliant!
,Recommended,518790,31852903,Posted: 19 May,all,Clordstar,this is a great game /sim but you cant lie down or crouch in the hidesplus there is no point system for small wildlife like rabbits or squirilor birds  over all good game.
,Recommended,518790,31605888,Posted: 7 May,all,NotCarlSmith,"A bit buggy, but they place you in a landscape and let you murder everything to your hearts content. 9/10"
76561198029075312,Not Recommended,518790,35504669,Posted: 5 October,all,JerryT,"Well, got the game based on some friends reviews. Its just to bad it won't run on my PC.I7 4070GTX 1070Win 7Well above minimum specs, but crashes on startup every time."
76561197968621163,Not Recommended,518790,30433663,Posted: 10 March,all,BEA$T,"TLDR:OK GAME BUT TOO MUCH BUGS TO BE FUN - DONT BUY YETPro's:- Very good looking- Big world (i know there are two worlds but the 2. wont load... later more on that...)- Many animals to hunt- Trophy system- Good amount of guns- Good enviroment sound- Nice weather effectsCon's:- Long initial loading time to get from the desktop to the main menu (up to 10 minutes - its on an SSD!)- Random crashes on startup - with and without crash messages (sometimes a 2. or 3. start does the job and the game starts)- Long map loading time (same as the startup... up to 10 minutes)- Random crashes if i load the last session (same as startup)- The second map wont load at all (I started on the german map and cant load the american one...-> game freezes)- Animals are getting stuck at environment sometimes- Hit registration weirdBIG BUG THAT KILLED IT FOR ME:- Inventory and ""shop"" not working properly(Cant use bought items, if i drop the item (gun or item) to one of the slots they dont show up - sometimes the starter rifle is showing up as the buck grunter or whatever you call that... sometimes the revolver is showing up as rifle... sometimes no gun is showing up at all - even if its slotted right... cant load ammo into gun... etc)I verifyed the integrity of my game files 3 times - no changes.I uploaded every crash message because the game is actually good and i want the devs to improve it but the bugs are killing it for me.This shouldnt happen - this is not an early acces or alpha or whatever - its a full priced gameMy system:i5-4670k @ 3,4ghzGTX1070 @ driver: 376.5316GB RamWin10 @ all recent updates"
76561197988672924,Not Recommended,518790,30229891,Posted: 27 February,all,HotLegs,"-♥♥♥♥♥♥menu!- Weird AI- In Multiplayer you can't see other peoples animals, only other people.But as a hunting game, it's fantastic. Graphics are gorgeous.Fix this game, please."
76561198149481297,Not Recommended,518790,30110206,Posted: 22 February,all,White Mamba,When I got into this game it ran very slow
76561198105784115,Recommended,518790,30090882,Posted: 21 February,all,THAT_GUY,"I strongly recommend this game to whomever is reading this, and to help the game progresses you have to help them with its shortcomings, such as every time I load into the Hirschfelden map I am stuck on a island on the bottom right corner of the map. This stops me from progressing. I don't know much about programming but if you could fix this or add a fast travel point at the start of the map it would help me very much as I would be able to get off the island and stop it from being a problem i the future.And again I still recommend this game and regard it very highly as it is hands down the best game in its genra."
76561198148446822,Not Recommended,518790,30349169,Posted: 5 March,all,thisguylovesgaming,The game wasn't as fun as the trailers and gameplay videos made it out to be... I was excited to get thr game at first.
,Recommended,518790,30341281,Posted: 5 March,all,BillyR,"Even if you don't like hunting, this game is the ultimate hiking simulator looking for that great shot(photo)! Check out my screen shots!"
,Recommended,518790,30341995,Posted: 5 March,all,Kinjiru,"An absolutely beautiful game, the graphics are amazing. Fun gameplay, addicting. Bugs aren't too bad. Hopefully they'll add fishing at some point, that would really seal the deal. I recommend this for anyone who enjoys a hunting game, best one I've played."
76561198179692639,Recommended,518790,30342487,Posted: 5 March,all,King Of Gwent Card,"Good game but take time,you have to have a lot of patience.I hope there will be more animals and weapons."
,Recommended,518790,30365516,Posted: 6 March,all,Snail,"Pros: Scenery is absolutely gorgeous. When hunting at night sometimes I just look up at the stars and the moon for a while. Seriously, it's that amazing.It's a very relaxing game, there is no time limit on anything, go at your own pace and decide on where to go next.It's an extraordinarly rich hunting sim; in that you have to actually hunt things. You can't just go all in and fire off bullets at every little thing you see. Which is why the ammo beyond the basic ones are expensive.Getting a trophy animal and achievments feel like you have acutally accomplished something. Through all the waiting, and hunting when you level up, get cash and unlock things, when you hear that little bing and seeing an achievment pop up in the corner it feels like you earned it.The wind plays a huge (maybe sometimes too big) role in your ability to hunt. Which again plays into the rich hunting sim.The maps are incredibly massive. It feels like I could walk forever and still find new things to discover. There are so many little things to find that you could probably play this game for a full 24 hours on ONE map and still find new things.With all that said...The Cons: The tracking is either bugged or I have no idea how animals actually react by getting shot in the neck.I shoot a deer in the neck (not spine) and the blood splatter is very high rate bleed and it's a vital hit. The animal doesn't fall... it runs off in what seems to be about 5 different directions, you have to figure out which way it went and why didn't it die immediately... then track it for a quarter of a mile. Then maybe if you're lucky you'll find it. Maybe.I wish they implemented a temperature feature. Being freezing cold in the middle of a wetland/marsh area should change your aiming abilities and the type of animal that would frequent that place.The ability to fast travel between hunting stands and structures would be greatly helpful. Sometimes I don't want to walk 15 minutes while simulatenously trying to stay hidden and keep my noise down. Maybe I'm just being too critical as this is a video game, and not real life, but it'd be helpful.Again the tracking is the BIGGEST issue in this game. Once that gets sorted, then it would be an absolutely perfect hunting sim.Overall right now 8.2/10 With an update to the tracking; if you're wanting a hunting sim, 10/10Buy this game now if you want a close to perfection hunting sim."
76561198155014123,Recommended,518790,31193408,Posted: 16 April,all,Commader Ross,yes the games has a few bugs but is it worth getting yes it is i love this game i cant wait for dlc and hope they release waterfowl hunting small game and new guns
76561197994410729,Recommended,518790,30023379,Posted: 18 February,all,Gaynus,GG
,Recommended,518790,30023372,Posted: 18 February,all,Svennen,gg
,Not Recommended,518790,30188632,Posted: 25 February,all,son of sam,good game but keeps freezing cant get invested
76561198042600736,Recommended,518790,30532678,Posted: 15 March,all,Mikkel,"love itdont hate on the paid dlc, the game is awesome"
,Recommended,518790,30017344,Posted: 18 February,all,Multirommi,i've had so much fun with this! needs some performance boost tho but would recommend!
76561198045231522,Recommended,518790,30016446,Posted: 18 February,all,Deximer,"It's great so far. I was skeptical, like so many others, from both the mixed reviews and the arcadey looking YouTube videos. I've also played the Hunter classic for a long time and have invested many hours in it. I know some of what I'll put here has already been said, but I feel the game deserves another positive review.The main issue that caused me to hesitate on purchasing was the arcadey look. It mainly comes from the videos having every single visual clue turned on, all of which you can disable. If you simply disable the visual audio clues, and change the track clues to just glow and not the bouncy animation - you are basically right back at the Hunter classic in terms of play. You don't even have that cheat mode of seeing the animal call on the pda and then clicking in the area.  You need to determine from sound direction alone where the call came from. These 2 elements basically remove the arcadey feel just by themselves.Not sure of all the bugs people claim to be having, I have encountered only a couple in my 12 hours of play and none of them were that serious. One of them required a restart, but that was after 3-4 hours of straight play with no issues. The tracks disappeared.Graphics look great, it's awesome that the clock just keeps going and you can go all through the day and night if you choose or rest to speed it back up to your desired time. The night time with the moonlight is especially nice.Don't want to keep going on and on, but again, if your main reservation is the arcadey look - it's worth taking a look for yourself to see, I didn't want to pass it up simply based on other's reviews and I'm glad I didn't."
76561198178120774,Recommended,518790,30092770,Posted: 21 February,all,Rαʊεηh⊙lт,"So many people these days go into a game that just comes out and play like 5 hours then come out and write crappy reviews because they dont understand what early development and early release really mean. They make it very clear there are bugs yes but thats the whole point of having the community help them as they improve the game, not have idiots go play 2 minutes and go write♥♥♥♥♥♥reviews to try and destroy the games name before it ever gets a chance. Its simple yes the game has a few bugs i have noticed but none of them have made the game unplayable in the slightest. I have enjoyed playing the game very much and would like to take this chance to say thanks to the people who created this game and im looking forward to everything we have coming to us in the future with the game."
,Recommended,518790,30092448,Posted: 21 February,all,Hudson242,"I'm in heaven playing this. Just did 6 hours straight. Albeit, after that long, you can't help but get a LITTLE bored.As many others have noted, there are a few problems, but definitely no deal breakers as far as I'm concerned. Especially with the devs actively listening on the forums and quickly rolling out patches based on user feedback. (Excellent...other devs, take note!)If you're like me, and have been waiting forever for a REAL hunting simulator, not some BS on-rails Buck Hunt, or other cringe worthy Cabella's games -- the wait is over. I've hunted a good deal in my younger days. This is that experience captured in a bottle. And it's breathtaking. Half the fun of the game is just walking around, taking it all in!I'll go on a limb and say, even in its current state, this game is brilliant...and was WELL NEEDED in the gaming community. There's plenty of us who'd rather this stuff over endless first-person combat shooters.I actually fell asleep last night playing this - I was prone under a tree, during a night rain storm, waiting for deer... It was so peaceful, I drifted off. That's a compliment!For this price tag? Pull the trigger..."
76561198310773620,Recommended,518790,30094063,Posted: 21 February,all,BusTarbox,"Watching this game got me hooked quick. I've poured through the reviews, both good and bad and I have to say this game is worth it. Why this game works is because of the open world sandbox environment. The graphics are incredible. I happen to live in an area that looks just like this, so it's like being home. The wind, the sounds, the rain are as real as it gets. Even the morning mist is in this. Game play is terrific, as you can venture for a long time, following tracks and listening to sounds. If you shoot and  hit something, it takes a bit to track the animal, wounds and all, but with enough patience, you will find it. This game has that element missing from most games, the hunt for a prize. I have yet to find anything to easy, so the challenge is there. To the developers: There are bugs as the FPS should be higher (I run a beast of a machine). Once in a while, I see Deer stuck in a rock. The game has crashed a few times on me for no particular reason. Keep up on the updates! Also, if you want to develop a following, put this thing on VR. This game would be gold on my Vive."
76561198076051848,Recommended,518790,30092177,Posted: 21 February,all,Bakedheadhunter,"Very good looking game. More in depth then Thehunter Classic. For example the render distance is greatly increased making longshots and glassing from hills possible. Also more bushes that make noise when you walk through them. Despite a handful of bugs, this is a very good game."
76561197995222467,Recommended,518790,30212218,Posted: 26 February,all,CeGenre2.Bud,"Des gros soucis lors de l'installation à sa sortie.. passé outre, ce jeu est super !De trés beaux graphismes, l'immersion est totale, carte immense et variée, la gestion du bruit et des BPM,... Bref tout y est pour une simulation de chasse quasi parfaite à vivre seul ou entre amis."
76561198122633153,Recommended,518790,29976032,Posted: 16 February,all,Arrow | Sudden!,"This game is beautiful every where you look, way more in depth than the old hunter animals see better smell and hear better. All the negative reviews complaining about bugs and all those things me and my friends played 2 hours straight not a single problem. I honestly think all these reviews complaining about crashes is not solely the game but your computers may not be able to run this game and all its glory."
,Recommended,518790,30566977,Posted: 17 March,all,Mad_Sochi,+++ The best FOREST graphic and SOUND atmospheric EVER !!!- - -  BUGs. Please fix.- - - AI...- - - Birds?
,Not Recommended,518790,29962109,Posted: 16 February,all,dm,"Devs be like: *They probly wont notice the DLC* $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$"""
,Recommended,518790,31099662,Posted: 12 April,all,Elma,"Well, I asked an old hunterAbout life out on the forestIf he does a lotta huntingWhen he's bringing in his preyIf there's a pretty moose for himEvery hundred milesIf he gets a lotta shootingIf he has a lot of smilesAnd I asked him if those hunting songsTell about a life like hisHe said, if you want to know the truth about itHere's the way it isAll I do is hunt, hunt, huntTry to stay quietAnd keep my mind on my preyKeep my eye upon the forestI got nothin' in common with any manAll I do is hunt, hunt, huntIf I can get the ammo"
76561198032200201,Not Recommended,518790,30601850,Posted: 18 March,all,Marty,"My previous review was just to say that it's great they decided to not put microtransaction in, guess what? They called it dlc but it's there now, along with more bugs than an early access title."
76561198021192603,Recommended,518790,33802219,Posted: 25 July,all,♈♉♊♋♌♍♎♏♐♑♒♓⛎,"Good Graphicsdon't buy dlc for first playdlc will let dis game to ezcoop can't do ""missions"""
76561198053788206,Recommended,518790,30726772,Posted: 25 March,all,Niko,(THIS IS MORE LIKE A NEUTRAL REVIEW) So far the best looking hunting game available. Its almost perfect but there is one thing that makes it so annoying and its the mouse input... im 100% sure its not raw-input and that makes the mouse movement choppy and it feels like its correcting my movements and that makes aiming a nightmare. Game owns a great fun story and the freeroam is just amazing. I have played for few hours just watching the views from top of mountains etc. the graphics are just gorgeus. And what comes to performance? im getting about 50fps with medium/high to ultra settings. With those settings my cpu usage is bout 50% (optimization issue?) while gpu is 100%. My rig is running an i5 6600k and r9 390.
76561198290318454,Recommended,518790,30742085,Posted: 25 March,all,Dalicious,"This game... is amazing. but there are things that can be fixed, like the fact that there are too many animals. When I hear people complain about the DLC they have added they dont relize that it is no where near crusal to play the game and have a great time. However I am personally exstatic when they will release a New Reserve for DLC. But this game is 1/2 way to its full potiental, one huge way to get it to its potiental is by decreasing the animal spawns, even though this game can be challenging finding some animals or doing some missions, I feel like every 10 minutes I run into a herd of stupid Deer. In my personal opinion I think that there should be more ways to get hurt or die, because I have died about 3 times, all of which where from falling off a look out tower. I think the Developers should make Bear, and Moose charge you, but thats just my opinion. one huge unrealistic part of the game is that after about 4 ""warning calls"" you can still call the animal in with your caller, how does that work?I would get this game before it potientaly goes up in price. Also I am very sorry for my spelling errors I suck at spelling."
,Recommended,518790,30810640,Posted: 29 March,all,SepticSpoon,Very nice and relaxing game to play.
,Recommended,518790,33861965,Posted: 28 July,all,Ruger,"Graphics are incredible and the game is perfectly optimizedCan be a struggle starting off (first 10-15 ingame hours) since you start off with a low caliber rifle and have to kill/track animals down for more money and skill points.The only negative is the way you move feels odd. It's not very smooth, but i've gotten use to it.I enjoy this game a lot and highly recommend it if you're looking for a realistic hunting game with amazing graphics."
76561198406164934,Recommended,518790,33871245,Posted: 28 July,all,hiddenpawn,"I have been playing this game for quite a while now and have enjoyed every minute.  It is the best hunting game I have played on any system.  I hunt each November for deer season and this game has all the sounds and feeling of the hunt.  It obviously is not as good as being in the great outdoors but it is a great simulation of hunting.  I would recommend this game to anyone that would like to get a taste of hunting in their own living room.  I find the missions challenging and yet still very fun to play.  Just going out and tagging an animal is fun when off the missions.  I look forward to multi-player but have not done that yet.  Actually, my wife likes the game as well and we trade hunts and have made pretty good progress.  We have been getting better as we go.  It started out a little tough until we learned how to sneak around better and make use of the calls and use the land to our advantage.  Thanks to all involved for making this wonderful hunting simulation."
76561198364976585,Recommended,518790,33858853,Posted: 28 July,all,jamesohara900,why cant i get dogs
,Recommended,518790,33873448,Posted: 28 July,all,l3kman,"Very realistic game, unfortunately it drains your processor insanely, making it nearly unplayable unless you invest in an insane graphics card."
76561198061619323,Recommended,518790,33875413,Posted: 29 July,all,RaunchyPanda931,"If you put some time into the game, it is definitely worth the money. It is a fun hunting game with a good mix of sim and arcade shooter. There are two DLCs that should have been in the game when it was released, but are in no way required to play the game, it is more of a convenience than a neccesity. Overall great game, provided you are willing to spend some time with it."
76561198143073859,Recommended,518790,32824413,Posted: 26 June,all,CSGOBlocks.Com,"Its a really lovely game, super good graphics, pretty smart animals and love the gameplay. But i would like some more stuff in this game, i would like to be able to interact in another players world, like maybe those stone piles or the lookout tower or what its called, cuz u cant interact with them and i think thats pretty wierd."
76561197965801203,Recommended,518790,32661171,Posted: 22 June,all,Silly Goose,"Not a hunter but have gone a couple of time when i was younger. Always wanted to go again but never got the chance again. I then came across theHunter (the firest game) and was very sad with all the micro transaction. Then Call of the Wild came out and I got it and am so glad i did. I am loving it, something I can play and just chill. Even got a friend to get it and we both love it very much!! Have 60hrs and still loving it!! Thinking of getting the 4x4."
,Recommended,518790,32777375,Posted: 25 June,all,Eric Cartman,"The game itself is great! The graphics are really, really beautifull and not to mention, highly optimized. Sounds are impressive too. The weather etc, it's all great. Gameplay is really fun too, tracking an animal for sometimes huge distances, for you to finally get it into your sights, followed by hopefully a clean shot (or more tracking).However, there is some annoying bugs. One I'm currently experiencing heavily is loss of sound. I don't get used items sound (rifle shot, caller, etc). I keep losing ATV motor sound and ATV wheel to ground sound. It's really annoying.Awesome nature and hunting experience though!I can see myself playing this for hundreds of hours, but the bugs... Hopefully they'll get fixed soon."
76561198122998240,Recommended,518790,33144303,Posted: 2 July,all,> Mr. Camper <,"Much better than the free to pay (pay = Not a spelling error) TheHunter classic. So if you like this genre of game, go ahead a buy it."
76561198052354127,Recommended,518790,33466486,Posted: 11 July,all,rrjohn,Start by saying the graphics in this game are amazing plus the animal movements are pretty much dead on. Another game I put to many hours into pick it up well worth it.
,Recommended,518790,33459098,Posted: 11 July,all,Patriarch,Love the game i highly recommend  it remember its early a little buggy but the devs are on the right track
,Recommended,518790,33484368,Posted: 12 July,all,GangsterXX100™,"Wild boar. Blacktail deer. Roosevelt elk. European bison. Beautiful, majestic creatures, all of which I’ve killed with a big gun in The Hunter, a semi-realistic hunting simulator set across two vast rural landscapes in Germany and America’s Pacific Northwest. But you can’t just sprint around firing your rifle like a Call of Duty protagonist: you have to be slow, quiet, and methodical if you want to bag one of the many furry trophies on offer.Being a simulator, there’s more to a successful hunt than pointing your gun at the first creature you see then shooting it. There are a lot of places in the woods for an animal to hide, and your first job is usually tracking one down, which can take a while. As you creep through the trees you’ll see tracks highlighted on the HUD. Interact with them and your character will use his magical hunter senses to determine which direction the animal is moving in. Then it’s just a case of patiently following the tracks, trying not to make too much noise, until you catch up with it. But that’s only half the battle.Walking quickly or through thick brush will alert the animal to your presence. If this happens, the best thing to do is crouch and move slowly. But the problem with this is that The Hunter is a game largely about quietly stalking animals, which means you spend most of it crouching and edging through the forest at an incredibly slow pace. I enjoy a slower-paced game, but it’s too ponderous even for me. And if you spook an animal it’ll sprint away and remain in a state of alert for a while, meaning the chances of finding them again are quite slim. This does give the game a nice sense of tension, and makes it genuinely challenging, but it requires—no, demands—an extraordinary amount of patience.Once you’ve successfully cornered your prey, it’s time to shoot it. But even this comes with its own set of challenges. If your heart rate’s up from running, your hands will shake and make aiming more difficult. The wind is also a factor, affecting your accuracy. And even if you hit the beast, you might just clip its leg, and it’ll run away in panic. You can follow the blood trail to finish it off, but this has a negative impact on your final score. The best kills in The Hunter are the quick ones, preferably as a result of hitting a vital organ.There are other factors to consider too. Animals will give a warning call if they sense you nearby, meaning they’ll be more likely to flee if you get close. Skulking behind trees and bushes will make you harder to spot, but the rustling will scare your prey. And your score for killing an animal is even determined by how ethically suitable the ammunition you used was. There’s a lot going on here, making it a fairly deep simulation, but at the expense of some accessibility and, crucially, fun. Actual entertainment is sparingly drip-fed in The Hunter, which makes playing it, for the most part, pretty tedious.Weirdly, what I enjoyed most in The Hunter wasn’t the actual hunting, but the world. It’s a gorgeous game, and one of the most convincing digital recreations of nature I’ve seen on PC. The autumnal forests feel wonderfully organic, with foliage swaying in the wind, motes of pollen floating through the air, and realistic lighting and shadows courtesy of the engine’s global illumination tech. The sound design is fantastic too, from the crunch of dry leaves under your feet to the gentle chirp of birds. It’s so nice that it’s almost a shame you have to ruin the peaceful, serene ambience by shooting animals with a gun.I love weird, niche simulators like this, but besides enjoying hiking through its stunning wilderness, I found The Hunter far too dull to hold my attention. But that’s exactly why some people will like it, so you’ll have to decide if you’re the type of gamer who can endure prolonged periods of inactivity for short, sweet rewards. It does at least have some depth and scope for mastery, and tracking and killing tougher animals like black bears is a genuine test of skill. But the real test is ultimately staving off boredom."
76561198034265217,Recommended,518790,33571483,Posted: 15 July,all,Nitro,This is a game with great potential. Too many glitches currently that must still be fixed. I would give it 6.5/10
,Recommended,518790,33600078,Posted: 16 July,all,TheCatWithAPlan,This brings back so much nostalgia from when I use to play The Big Game Hunt back in 2007. The graphics are so amazing! even when turned down.But what annoying me is the DLC. Two of the DLC are four dollars. which I find is a bit too much to ask. I mean the ATV and the tents rock! (haven't tried the tents though) but I wish they were a little bit cheaper like 1.99 or something like that. or just free with the game. $30 for this amazing game + the two DLC that you have to buy to use the items ($38) is what you REALLY would be spending not 30. seeing as you would need the ATV to get around the map. and the tents are a portable option that (I think) you don't need to rent.But I love this game anyway! I 100% recommend this game to any Veteran player of the Cabela series.You won't regret buying this game I can grantee it!
76561198046163831,Recommended,518790,32657586,Posted: 22 June,all,BlazenChambeR,Highly rate this game the visuals are fantastic and the game play is very realistic. My only issue to pick would be the small number of bows and attachments like inte3ad of just 2 compound bows have 4 and 4 recurve? anyway great game very challanging but im enjoying it.
,Recommended,518790,32777168,Posted: 25 June,all,Paydoh,It's really good and realistic. :)
76561198119532346,Recommended,518790,32818189,Posted: 26 June,all,CrazyHunter,"I haven't played this game that much yet but let me say this game is beautiful the animals are beautiful, i like this game mostly because the realism, things to improve the game 1. More maps 2.more animals 3.more weapons. Last thing you need to fix the animals like I shot a deer and instead of it running it ran in circles another thing is a roe deer came a couple of feet and when it got spooked it ran in circles for a minute till I shot at it, other then that the game is awesome would recommend it. Also I love the game because it feels like I'm hunting which makes me love this game."
76561197977088462,Recommended,518790,33101593,Posted: 1 July,all,>>RAGE<<,"First of all this game is not for people who are impatient and who want to do some run and gun.This game is for people who like walking through a beautiful virtual nature with all of its sounds and atmosphere.I played TheHunter Classic for a long time, now I discovered The Hunter Call of the wild and I bought it.At first I thought about getting a refund for it because it looked blurry and flickering.I am sensitive for flickering and flickering makes me feel sick.So I tried reshade (just google it) which adds various effect to the game. With this I added some effects and managed to minimize the blur and flickering and I decided to give the game a chance.I played the game 3 hours at a time until I had to stop. This game is so amazing and looks amazing. I did really not expect this.At first I was stunned by the beautiful virtual nature. It looks amazing and it sounds amazing.I just stood still and listened to all the noises around me. You can hear any kind of noise which you can hear when you go into the forest (animals, wind, rain, rustle of the undergrowth, crunchy stones...).Second there is a great weather system. The weather keeps changing from foggy, to sunny, to rainy or to stormy.When you see dark clouds appearing in the sky then you can be sure that it will soon start raining.There is also a day/night cycle and the game feels totally spooky during night. You can hear owls in the distance and bats flying around. I played a lots of survival games and during nights it always feels like zombies or mutants would appear xD.I know that this is a hunting simulation but the simulation of the wilderness is just amazing.When you want to hunt down some animals then this is not a easy job. The animals can hear you, smell you and see you. You always have to be very careful or the animal will just run away (like it happened to me a lot :D).You can lure them by using varios lures or you can track them by following their calls or tracks.But do not expect that there will be an animal every 5 minutes. You need to be patient an careful.I have been waiting for about 30 minutes in a hideout until a deer appeared. This was not boring for me, it was thrilling for me.Even when you spot an animal, you have to be patient. You cannot just shoot easily on 100 meters at the beginning of the game.It needs to come closer until you can shoot it. But even when it is close enough it is not easy to shoot it.You need to hold your breath and then you have to aim carefuly for the zones where you want to hit it. You cannot just shoot the foot and then it dies. There are different zones where you should hit it.If you do not hit the deadly zones then it will bleed and run away and then you have to trace it. This process takes a lot of time so you should better be patient and hit the correct zone.I also like the sounds of the weapons. They sound quite real. Everything is quiet, then you aim and... boom... a shot breaks the silence. This feels really great and also contributes to the atmosphere.This game is a real hunting simulation and I really like it.I did not find any bugs or technical issues yet but I hope the developers will add more options for graphics so that you do not have to use reshade to make the game look great.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=961423211http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=961422611http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=961422953"
76561197960351358,Recommended,518790,33178927,Posted: 3 July,all,☣ svN_0r,Makes fun !!
,Recommended,518790,33249090,Posted: 4 July,all,Shredk1ll,"Gorgeous graphics, sucks you have to pay extra for a quad though..."
76561197992983984,Recommended,518790,33254676,Posted: 4 July,all,MAD DOG,this game is bless by mother nature ! amazing & beautiful...
,Recommended,518790,33360833,Posted: 7 July,all,ShivenKnight,"First off, this game can be a bit of a pain in the butt for those trying to follow the quests, not all of them are straight forward, especially the ""take a photo of X"" ones, I have seen people completing these quests by taking photos of x beast at x time in x  stance (in a bush almost totally obscured or out in the open) and have personally taken a photo with 0 beasts showing and completed a quest. It has it's naysayers for bugs and I say that everyone is welcome to their own opinion.BUT that being said.... I would wholly recommend this game, the graphics are superb, the enviromental and animal sounds are brilliant (I have very nearly sh** myself on several occasions when thunder crashed overhead or an animal has called very close (I play this game using headphones at all times)) and the animal behaviour although slightly buggy (re: some animals can bug and circle in a specific pattern when spooked) I have found that the behaviour is pretty realistic.The hunting areas themselves, although only 2 reserves are available at the start they are VAST and have several distinct (upto 8) areas within them to hunt, the animals are not kept to a specific area and you can typically find high level (RE: black bears) mobs in the starting areas which I would highly recommend you avoid until you have better weapons (unless you like shooting an animal several times while tracking it halfway across the map) but would also recommend you search for youtube tutorials on hunting techniques and areas for said reserves (I would recommend ZaggiDK's channel -https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtLfC7QK3eY8nYm1CzQRsSA)PROS:Beautiful sceneryplenty of game to shoot at (if not kill)weather can play a vital part in what you can and cannot seeCONS:missions can be a complete pain in the backsideanimals can bug in some circumstancesDLC:I'm sitting on the fence for this one, I can see both sides of the story, the developers stated that this game would not have ""micro transactions"" but later added vital parts of the game ""tents and blinds"" as a paid for DLC and this can be seen as a bit of a kick in the balls for those that paid for a game that should have been all inclusive, for the ATV DLC I can see this as not being completely needed but wanted so it should have been added as a paid for addon."
76561198307632704,Recommended,518790,33478728,Posted: 12 July,all,Cosmetic_Chrome3251,"This game is amazing, but sometimes some aduio doesnt work like the ATV engine start and driving sound, gun shots, walking/running/crouching/prone sound, and the sound of moving through foliage"
76561198027492091,Recommended,518790,33581552,Posted: 16 July,all,courtjester840,LOVE IT finally a realistic hunting game
76561198162585384,Recommended,518790,33593351,Posted: 16 July,all,Monkhey,"Good game! Great if you like huntingOnly problem is that i dont understand,Is why do you get missions to take pictures off animals all the time?"
,Recommended,518790,32973384,Posted: 28 June,all,TacticalGameBoy,"I love this game very nice and calming its one of those games you just wana relax and hang out with your friends, this is my new fave hunting game"
,Recommended,518790,33173625,Posted: 3 July,all,[T R E S] KanistanZ : (),hours of misery.
76561198106458771,Recommended,518790,33358894,Posted: 7 July,all,CyborgSlim,I just wish I had friends...
76561197963421250,Recommended,518790,33388382,Posted: 8 July,all,lorddeliverence,"Best hunting game on the market, the dev's did a great job on this one."
,Recommended,518790,33474870,Posted: 12 July,all,Morph,Best Hunting game i have ever played.
,Recommended,518790,32188139,Posted: 4 June,all,ExperienceDamb©,"The Hunter: Call of the Wild is an amazing open world hunting simulator that delivers a real life hunting experience while keeping the game fast pace and intertaining. Now Purchased instead of paying a membership, The Hunter can provide many hours of fun and enjoyment. I especially recommend this game if a) You are willing to put the time in to unlock equipment and progress. And b) If you enjoy a slower paced game compared to most games you may have played. The multiplayer makes the game a lot more enjoyable and i would recommend playing with a friend to talk to and keep you company. DLC's should have already been in the game but the game by itself is worth thhe price. over all a 8/10."
76561198015245240,Recommended,518790,32527447,Posted: 17 June,all,bleustar,"I Love it ...Superb and Amazing real light video graphics and i feel totally immersedI highly recommend it to people that likes to hunt or wants to play hunting gamesThings i dont like or that can be fixed or patched :Animal can be hard to find or track once hit.When you shoot at the target, the hit or damage made does not correspond to the animal behavior. (The animal runs long distance even if you shoot at close or medium range and this even with vital hits) ? but most of the time i can find the dead animal.The distance to travel be foot is very far ? Cant seem to find other Quick travel Camp sites ...I seen vehical added : 4 Wheel Buggy and tents were added"
76561198160499835,Recommended,518790,33141616,Posted: 2 July,all,Rayzirxy,Best hunting game out there.Pros :MissionsGraphicsSoundCharacter progressionHuge mapsCons :Can't think of any right now. Maybe lack of free DLC?
,Recommended,518790,33254438,Posted: 4 July,all,spudsta87,"I am really enjoying this so far. I just wish it would expand to include small game, upland and waterfowl someday. oh and turkeys. pls bring turkeys."
,Recommended,518790,32743860,Posted: 24 June,all,FatBird!,"I haven't written a review in a while. But, I've decided to give a brief review for this game.If you love the outdoors, and you love video games, there's no reason to keep from buying this game.It's gorgeous. It feels that you're surrounded with life, even when you're not spotting game, you're always seeing birds, bugs and movement of some type, clouds, etc. It has that constant feeling that the world you're in, is alive. The sounds are great too. You're not going to find many games that will relax you like this. You can get lost in this peaceful game.It has its suspensful moments too, no doubt. I ran into a buck at night, (with all the awesome night sounds surrounding me) when a downpour started. I was nervous, but tried to aim careful and quickly. I shot, and only wounded the deer. I tracked its blood trail for twenty minutes. I never found him.The game is solid (I'm sure there are minor bugs that I have yet to see), and with constant additions, this game is only likely to get better."
,Recommended,518790,33612312,Posted: 17 July,all,LPP MaNiiaC,Fun Game but its better witth friends and some dlc should be free
76561197969006144,Recommended,518790,32509542,Posted: 17 June,all,chirker,"Awesome game, enjoying the DLC... picked them both up with the limited 30% off.... Great Graphics, great hunting game."
76561198163187375,Recommended,518790,32691885,Posted: 23 June,all,[L.E.S] Sid Peppered Dick,"I really liked the graphics, environemt setting and sounds... i play all games at High/ Ultra- 45-60 fps.  I dont find much difference on games i have when i turn  ultra to high or vice versa....but in this game i noticed huge difference ....ultra is grogeous  and this game is meant to be played on Ultra and so i just had to refund....will  buy first after my VR build... i will recommend it just for graphics and environment!! :)"
76561198139079671,Recommended,518790,32963680,Posted: 28 June,all,Storm,Great game a few bugs but great over all.
76561197989698031,Recommended,518790,33327777,Posted: 6 July,all,Snake_Pliskin,"I'm a bit less than thrilled about this game. Seems to be lacking in equipment (No portable tree stands?) and I was expecting more guns and optics. The map is gigantic though. I'll still play it, but, meh."
76561198054478064,Recommended,518790,32189685,Posted: 4 June,all,DKs,"Slow start until you level up your abilitys, you have (perks and skills) tree.its going to be a buy once and pay for dlc's, two huge maps to choose from so far, with stunning graphic's.Worth the money? yes and no, still afew ruff egdes that need smoothen (not talking about pixels)it depends on how much of a hunter you are! not for everyone! slow paced game, great with co-op fun in single player! rifles handguns bows and shotguns are rich with great detail and wonderful gun  fx, scopes feel welcome to the challenge! Swaying and recall heart effect your shots. But i recommend to wait for sales! 7.5/10 still being worked on! But i do enjoy playing this game! great protential!"
76561198001056817,Recommended,518790,32286623,Posted: 9 June,all,Mr E,"It is truly looking and sounding AMAZING! Not too hard to one-shot the animals. You just need to know where to aim and shoot... A shot left undone is a shot never judged or questioned.I highly recommend the game for any hunting enthusiast. You make the game as real as you want! If you wanna gun down anything that moves, it can be done, but that's not the point of the game in my opinion."
76561198060849976,Recommended,518790,33184601,Posted: 3 July,all,Bolverk Norman,"Best hunting game, I ever play. It awesome that they track all the shots that ypu hit on the animals. The game feels real big, you could go hours of playing, thinking your some badass hunter who has a unlimited hunting license."
,Recommended,518790,32228291,Posted: 6 June,all,Губертyc,This game needs some time ... For a while it offers you great graphics large reserves and wonderful animals.
76561197974961426,Recommended,518790,33360119,Posted: 7 July,all,supers,"One of the best games ive played, just the right amount of hardness, could do with a few more guns but love it."
76561198056258119,Recommended,518790,32492406,Posted: 16 June,all,Renault44,"I think theres a bug after driving ATVs, after 20 min of walking and getting with in 200yards of any animal they atomaticly detect me now. yes i was crouched and the wind was perrfect. But still love the game so far. and i cant find were to repoert the bug to devs, could use a hand, thanks."
,Recommended,518790,32760914,Posted: 25 June,all,Hawky,"10 hours in, game is eye candy, huge and varied in environment. Animals are easily spooked and it needs one to arm himself with a patience, because hunting is slow-paced. Travelling without ATV DLC is slow (DLC recommendedú but there's many ""wow"" moments over the theater play of environment and weather. UI needs a rework, I was confused in inventory for a minute or two when I wanted to swap callers equipment). There's two maps now but if you want to play the second one, you lose all progress of first one (needs to change, make it more convenient for player). Still has some quirks here and there but overall best singleplayer hunting game I played."
,Recommended,518790,33675269,Posted: 20 July,all,Daniel,Sound for the quad bike needs to be turned down or set on its own sound bar it's so loud I turn my sound off when I'm traveling to s location
,Recommended,518790,33690000,Posted: 20 July,all,hexploitation,"If you like hunting and computergames, this game is the perfect blend of the two."
76561198323932522,Recommended,518790,33756082,Posted: 23 July,all,kenaigrizzly,This game is the most realistic hunting game ive played keep up the good work.
76561198158177255,Recommended,518790,33772482,Posted: 24 July,all,emil0824 | csgolive.com,if you like calm and relaxing games this is the game for you
,Recommended,518790,33749672,Posted: 23 July,all,Lil Stev1e,Its a good game if you actually like to hunt. if not youll probably get bored
,Recommended,518790,33756873,Posted: 23 July,all,ReesmanGaming,Hands down THE best hunting game ive ever played in my life.
76561197970185508,Recommended,518790,33761262,Posted: 24 July,all,Smitty James,"This is far by the best hunting game I've ever played. There's a few small bugs that I hope get's ironed out eventually, but nothing that would make it unbearable to play. The visual aspect is really gorgeous and the audio is amazing. I totally recommend giving this game a try."
76561198010955381,Recommended,518790,33489570,Posted: 12 July,all,Evoleen,very beautiful relaxing game even with some bugs :)
,Recommended,518790,32843142,Posted: 26 June,all,Supernovian,"This game is quite the charmer. As I've never been hunting myself, it's a fun way to experience it before taking my hunter's safety course. This game is very beautiful, and the animal models are stunning! I believe that you should be able to walk and run faster. but overall, great game."
76561198148673717,Recommended,518790,33146629,Posted: 2 July,all,KaasariPoro,Yes very gud
76561198014296397,Recommended,518790,33376727,Posted: 8 July,all,Cheetah,"This game is amazing. It was hard in the beginning but after a few tips I got better in killing animals. I have to confess, this game is boring sometimes since you have to walk everywhere and animals keep their distance if you run. But it gives you breathtaking environments and places, even on the lowest settings."
76561198325807281,Recommended,518790,33388974,Posted: 8 July,all,Andrew,yea it all good boiiii
,Recommended,518790,33583998,Posted: 16 July,all,Dr. SmackTalk,This game is absolutely beautiful and is probably the best hunting game to be released thus far.  Highly recommend this and make sure you get the ATV DLC to get around a bit faster as the map is ridiculously huge.
76561198402556518,Recommended,518790,33654746,Posted: 19 July,all,AussieBlackBeard,"One of the best looking hunting games i've ever played, with a great selection of weapons, gear and species to hunt! It will have you hooked from the get go."
76561198028758539,Recommended,518790,30375617,Posted: 7 March,all,horvath83,"Graphics are absolutely stunning. The best forest representation in the whole video game history. Gameplay is now possible and quite immersive. There are glitches, especially with animal blocked by hills/stones, but it's quite good right now. It also has huge potential and I mean not only the game itself, but also the apex engine. It will be huge, just don't screw this one up please!"
,Recommended,518790,30425124,Posted: 10 March,all,Ape_Man_3000,"its very glitchy for me and i keep messing with setting, but it wont help"
,Not Recommended,518790,30074179,Posted: 20 February,all,Cosh,This game will be good when they fix the many issues regarding menu navigation and if they add in a better rifle system (seriously 7 rifles for a realistic hunting game is a joke)
,Recommended,518790,30199747,Posted: 26 February,all,Classified,"It's alot better than the last one, graphically and technically. And the main improvement is the removal of the microtransactions that were necessary to do anything in the older game. But it still takes way too long in my opinion to unlock all the better weapons and equipment, you need to hunt small game for days/weeks if you want to unlock new rifles and stuff.Other than that its a great hunting simulator."
76561198186086670,Recommended,518790,30199901,Posted: 26 February,all,[EHR]gudn123 CSGO-CASE.COM,good
,Recommended,518790,32373858,Posted: 12 June,all,|OS| Kerkenbush,"The best hunting game out there currently. That being said there is no competition in this genre so it's still not exactly a stellar game... Yet. The graphics are beautiful and the lighting and sound are awesome. The controls are simple and the hud makes sense though it isn't visually impressive or unique. The gameplay is a lot of fun when it works yet, there are some serious animal AI issues and various other bugs (some gamebreaking) still in existence. All animals will return to you if you remain hidden and call them back. It doesn't matter if you just shot 500 rounds and the rest of the herd is scattered about the area as corpses. They will return always and forever. There are ""rare"" legendary animals which always spawn in the same area at the same time of day. After a while you start to realize there is no real challenge. If these issues get ironed out this could be a truly amazing game. There seems to be a patch about every few weeks so the potential is still there. As of right now it's only a slightly above average hunting game.6/10When everything works murder can be so rewarding."
,Recommended,518790,30022085,Posted: 18 February,all,Brazy,Shot deer ate deer with phone
76561198007431552,Recommended,518790,34126790,Posted: 9 August,all,Gray,"I love this game.  It takes me back to my youth and the many hours I spent outdoors, in the woods, swamps and hills .  You also get to hunt if you ever get tired of chilling in a beautiful outdoor environment. Get an RTV for crusin and a camera for pictures...make great PC wallpaper."
76561198278824182,Recommended,518790,33969353,Posted: 2 August,all,CallOfGaming,i Like the Game but if you can add hunting Duk... because the birds now is not realistic and to add dogs please the game is more beatifull then thehunter calssic but if you can add dogs and hunting duk and all birdsdogs and realistics kill and toadd
76561197962544826,Not Recommended,518790,30138221,Posted: 24 February,all,Beeznatch707,"As a veteran player of thehunter classic, I do not recommend this game yet. Play the original hunter until the fix some things first. Map, Guns, Animals look great. However, animals seem to be everywhere. You will hear calls almost everywhere u walk. The biggest issue for me is the fact that animals seem almost invincible. Almost every animal you shoot, the majority of the time it will say its just a flesh wound. Ive tried shooting virtually every that would be considered a vital spot and it still says flesh wound when you check the blood track. Most deers ive managed to harvest are from buckshot shells at point blank range. It took me 2 shots to cripple it. Its basically standing there with its front leg up in a hurt position. Then I reload my shotgun and put a 3rd round in to it to drop it dead. When I harvested the corpse, none of those shots hit anything vital. Basically bullets have very bad penetration. Very few times will you hit a vital shot when you shoot your animals."
,Not Recommended,518790,30135771,Posted: 23 February,all,Truthowl,"Movement is slow, whether walking or running. Crouching SHOULD be slow as well as moving while prone, which is fine. Making noise is too.. well, obscure. How far is my 'noise' travelling? How much noise am I making? I seem to make the same amount of noise walking as running. The meter for showing us how much noise we're making only has 2 ticks on it. That makes it near impossible to determine how 'noisy' we're being. It appeared to me I was making the same amount of noise in any position, even crouching or prone.We're not the only 'noise' maker in the woods. The wind blows trees and branches against each other. Grass sways and brushes against things. The noise we make, especially when we walk and are being careful, will easily be muffled by other sounds in the environment. So crouching, or being prone, should be the equivalent of sneaking in other games.Anyway, to me the game just isn't fun as is. I'd recommend waiting for a few months. Maybe longer."
,Not Recommended,518790,30925573,Posted: 3 April,all,Goon,"The Hunter Classic includes more depth, thoroughness and seems to be overall ""tougher""The Hunter CotW seems to me more Arcady - faster paced, not so hard hunting.If you want a sim, go with hunter classic, if you want some quick bucks, go with CotW"
76561198149776701,Recommended,518790,30419504,Posted: 9 March,all,Dumtskk,"Great game, beautiful scenery, need to add camp/tent backpack so we hunters can rest and make campfire meal during the night anywhere. If you have problem with graphic lag, try to lower the game setting resolution, it really help me a lot, still the graphic is awesome."
,Recommended,518790,30409323,Posted: 9 March,all,Tilteroni,"This game is very difficult but alot of fun. I personally haven't experienced very many glitches in the game. But, this game is absolutely beautiful and fun. It took me about 2 hours to shoot my first animal and i know the results will be different with some people. But I hope you have as much fun as I do with the game :-)9/10"
,Recommended,518790,30419604,Posted: 9 March,all,ShΔrky™,"I've been playing this for 40hrs now. So far no problems or bugs like what others mention. Probably they fixed it. You will love this game if u have the patience to track and kill the animal! Realistic environment, awesome weather feature. Totally worth it, especially if you love hunting."
76561198315117448,Recommended,518790,34133754,Posted: 9 August,all,Leapinglizard101,Amazing graphics and gameplay. But its always easier in singleplayer 10/10
76561198039114042,Recommended,518790,34115546,Posted: 8 August,all,grampawoodward,Nice game good grafics but it rains too darn much
76561198355220774,Recommended,518790,34115401,Posted: 8 August,all,julianvon,love it
,Recommended,518790,35021694,Posted: 17 September,all,Castiel,"I usually play FPS games or games with a lot of action in them, I decided to pick this up on the recommendation from a friend and im glad i did. The change of pace is very welcome and the scenery is magnificent. I find myself immersed in the wilderness for hours at a time tracking down animals. Even more fun when played with friends."
76561198401158314,Not Recommended,518790,34564417,Posted: 28 August,all,FledglingTub94,"Worked great at first!! Now I shoot an animal and follow the blood trail forever, never fnding the animal! Very dissapointing from that aspect but when it used to work it was great!! The programming and bugs are definitely an issue. If the bugs get worked out and it works as it is supposed to I completely recommend the game!!"
,Recommended,518790,34222965,Posted: 13 August,all,Flash,"Review is in short sentences because I'm lazy, sorry.I'm not really a fan of hunting, I saw this and it looked pretty and it was on sale (£20). Played about 10 minutes of it and refunded it because it was nice but I didn't think I'd play much of it. Turns out my friend also bought it and said he liked it, so I bought it again (this time off sale at £30).We play the MP and it is genuinely fun, the views are amazing and it runs incredibly smooth. I'm looking forward to playing this with more friends. I'm not even mad that I had to pay £10 extra.Tl;dr - This game is beautiful, runs very smothly but I only find it fun with friends."
76561198153118551,Recommended,518790,34194574,Posted: 12 August,all,PRESIDENT OF ÖMERICA,"Nice game the only problem when you go to the animalseating area in the eating time you cant find a herd, are the animals eating something. The HUnter must have difficulty options"
,Recommended,518790,34213441,Posted: 13 August,all,♫[☺] Ephphatha (藍凛) afterfindGH,"Just started... 20 minutes later... Get the first hunted deer... AWESOME!!... The grafic is great, I even feel like the wind blowing on my hair10/10"
,Recommended,518790,34204513,Posted: 12 August,all,Raukumate,Awsome game to kill time on.
,Recommended,518790,34211125,Posted: 13 August,all,Ninjafluff,"IMO hands down the best hunting sim out there! The graphics and views are amazing. You would be surprised what your system can play it at with how well optimised this game is! I wish that more companies optimized their games this good. If you are looking for just an all around fun, chill, and beautiful hunting experience, this is it! I couldn't recommend this game enough, for someone that is into hunting games."
,Recommended,518790,34160591,Posted: 10 August,all,Paddeh,"Absolutely brilliant game, a LOT of bugs, however the single player makes up for it and the excellent atmosphere make this one of my favourite games of all time.  Hopefully next patch will fix all the daft little bugs and then Call Of The WIld will truly meet its potential.  I play co-op with my friend almost every day and despite the annoying bugs we keep at it. Maybe wait till the next patch before you buy it though, unless of course its on sale, which it is right now.Cheers!"
,Recommended,518790,34170015,Posted: 11 August,all,Shaani,"This is an extremely beautiful game, i cant stress that enough. I got this game because i was looking for a game that was just more relaxing to play and that i could walk away from, and this hit the nail on the head.I love the trill of stalking down my prey and waiting for the perfect shot. The tracking mechanic is great, and i also love how the animal realy dont feel like there following a linear path. By that i mean some trails can be very unpredictable, where you end up zig zaging throught the woods.My only con is the game has good quest and misions to carry out, but i kinda wish for more of a story line."
,Recommended,518790,34233494,Posted: 14 August,all,jmultiply,visually stunning and the gameplay is really fun. lot of stuff you can do in this game and the map is really huge to explore.
,Recommended,518790,34171954,Posted: 11 August,all,Ace | Skizzeh,10/10 the graphics are amazing only thing there should be more animals but this game is keeping me busy for hours great game worth the 30 Euro :D
76561198279194679,Recommended,518790,34222266,Posted: 13 August,all,agentalman06,I have played this game now for over 400 hours. All in all it is a greta game. I am looking forward to new areas and new aminals . This is well worth the cost . It is great and can be difficult at times.
76561197979161262,Recommended,518790,34215238,Posted: 13 August,all,jimster686,"This game is suprisingly good, if you can switch from FarCry to a hunting, and ""enjoying a trophy"" - mode. The skill tree really makes a difference. You level up, buy better weapons, get more skilled with all of it, and have an amazing landscape and weather system. If you just run full speed through this, you won't see much, because the entire forest will run away ;-)If you take your time, patience, this can even be rewarding for a Farcry player. Most things come close to reality in this, concerning the act of hunting (I'm a hunter, so I know). Thunderstorms and rain/wind are most immersive. A bit too loud for my taste, but you ""buy it"". After a week now, I tried other hunting games, the classic and the one with slow-mo, but this here is the most authentic and has the best graphic/artwork. Simple things as the ""walking sounds"" are absolutely fine in this game, compared to many others.Critique: This base game needs much more, to keep you going after you got the most important skills. New DLCs, (the ATV/quad DLC is very useful, the fast-travel tent also very good), but this is just for convenience. This needs more animals, maybe brown bears, grizzly..., birds you can pick (not just call rabbits critters like rats without trophy), maybe add taxidermy to mount trophies in a / your lodge, like with the classic game, trophy snapshot is missing.Missions: Missions like ""get 2 bears in a picture"" or ""get this fallow deer in a picture with Lake whatsoever in the background"", this is reeaally tedious ! Maybe someone likes that, I can't stand it.I'd like missions like ""find this crual man-eating bear with the crazy scar and put him down, get a trophy shot and so on..."""
76561198281705622,Recommended,518790,34186836,Posted: 12 August,all,mattypridham32,so i bought this game and it wont let me play it says i need to install the latest graphics drivers. if any body could help me with my problem plz message me back thanks
76561198008991793,Recommended,518790,34213892,Posted: 13 August,all,Lord B,Loving it.... Been waiting on it to go on sale for a min now.... Worth the price with all added dlc which is like 25 all together..... Like the others comments this is not a run and gun or jump in to kill.... Very slow..... More like a chill game or when you are just cooling..... But yes I definitely recommen
,Recommended,518790,34236445,Posted: 14 August,all,Exraz,"The game is great for those who love hunting animal beside just killing zombie or human...Dev need do weekly update/fix bug in this game especially in Multiplayer game mode.. Hope in future can see new map/animal/weapon.. Overall great job guys for making this game, Keep up the good work. XD"
76561197999502581,Recommended,518790,31874618,Posted: 20 May,all,IzekielNZ,"Pros:Very immersive detailed enviroments, great natural sounds, excellent aspects such as wind, animal sounds, dynamic weather etc. sometimes cunning animals and you will find yourself holding your breath as you take that shot...Cons:Animals seem to have ""HP"" - a real world immobilising critical hit from medium range (i.e. the back of the head with a .270) will result in a black knight ""tis but a scratch"" flesh wound which forces you to track the animal for kms.. sneaking in close has the same effect (they get up shake their head and run away), and you lose points for sneaking in close, kind of defeating the hunt. Anyone who has hunted in the real world will find this (probably the only) aspect the most frustrating.If the developers tweak the way a ""critical hit"" will actually drop an animal outright this would be a fantastic game.  For now it is still a great game with that slight frustration factor as you are forced to follow the breadcrumb trail to your prey."
76561198064053146,Recommended,518790,34208350,Posted: 13 August,all,whlnmchl,not a negative at all game is great but big bore AR-15s or .223 ARs would be welcome especially with hog hunting an .458 SOCOM 300AAC/blackout or 50 beowolf would be pretty awesome if that gets added this game will become in my opinion the best hunting game yet im sure hunters will agree with me especially a 300 AAC with a supressor i would buy that as DLC
76561198308210177,Recommended,518790,34213955,Posted: 13 August,all,Tom Tom Gamdom.com,this game is very good i love it.
,Recommended,518790,34210189,Posted: 13 August,all,quinn_hinks,"There are too many 'Run and Gun'ers bringing a bad name to this game because they don't recommend it due to getting impatient. This does require patience when needed, ""My Ping is bad! I don't recommend it."""" I don't recommend it because its not fun"" then why purchase a game they has a different target audience to you. Unfortunatly steam only has a bad or good rating on the review option, this is not good enough for a game like this because people who say 'it's not for some people' just give it a unrecommended."
,Recommended,518790,34224915,Posted: 13 August,all,Duranis,So while I agree with most that adding tents as a paid DLC feels a bit like a money grab I also think that it is worth the small price for it. The tent and ground blind as in game items are pretty powerful (hence the in game price for them). Once you have a few set up you can quick zip around between high density hunting areas and make the money back in a very short space of time.I haven't so far had any bugs with tents disapearing but I have noticed if you don't have space in your inventory it will go back to your storage if you pick it up. Not sure if that is the same issue that other people have posted on here.In short if you have the game you will want this DLC. I don't normally like paying for things that should probably already be in the game but on the flip side of that it does help give the devs a revenue stream which means they can justify working on the game more.
,Recommended,518790,31055944,Posted: 10 April,all,Babalonkie,"The Hunter ""1.5""... Without Subscriptions. Just needs love."
76561198098114723,Recommended,518790,31069350,Posted: 10 April,all,Morty C-137,VERY beautiful game worth the price just for the graphics alone
,Recommended,518790,31691946,Posted: 11 May,all,peanadsiyimentrule,"This game is awesome, but the fact that when playing multiplayer, the only person that can discover new outposts and points of interest is the person who created the server. I'm not looking for handouts with the game, but you should be able to discover everything in multiplayer by yourselves. Once this happens this will be a great game!!"
,Not Recommended,518790,32937237,Posted: 28 June,all,ptr1ck,Best outdoor environment in any game yet.Update 08-16-17:There are too many outstanding issues in this game for me to recommend it if not on sale.1- Multiplayer progression is still non existant.2- Tents and blinds dissappearing still not resolved.3- Animal AI needs more work. Runs in circles a LOT.4- Many other bugs..5- They have been claming to have an update ready every week for the past 2 months and have't delivered yet.
,Recommended,518790,33939411,Posted: 31 July,all,WohlfePac,"Hey everyone this is WohlfePac and this is my review for The Hunter Call of the Wild. First off this is a really fun game. I love hunting in real life and this game goes right along with that. You get rifles, shotguns, pistols, compound bows, and all kinds of tools and calls. Pros: It's a great open world experience. The graphics are pretty good and the calmness of walking through the woods is very relaxing. I tend to play this game when i just want to relax and not have people jumping out of every corner trying to kill me. I really like the tent and blind dlc. I don't use the. Blinds very much but the tent allows you to buy stuff from pretty much anywhere. You don't have to run back to your cabin to buy or store something, you just drop your tent, step inside and buy something. You can also sleep there too which is really handy. You can also fast travel back to it if you get too far away. The gun mechanics are very good and I don't mean to brag but I killed a deer from over 200 yards away. I'm excited for the atv dlc because it's a huge map and just walking somewhere takes forever! Luckily I'll be picking that up once it releases.Cons: there are a few cons and one of them being the map has a small glitch that when u set a way point it doesn't put it on the spot where you clicked on, it puts it just off to one side of it or just below it. Doesn't seem bad but when u get where u wanted the marker is about 100 yards away from where u wanted it (a little exaggerated but still frustrating). Also it seems kinda stupid to have to pay to sleep. Yea and it's not very cheap. I think it was just under 200 credits just to sleep. I'm hoping they'll remove this in an update. Also there are only 2 bows, 6 rifles, 4 shotguns, and 4 pistols to choose from. No crossbows or black powder guns which are very popular for hunting these days. If there could be more of a variety in the game that would be great. Also it's not a survival game; no crafting, no building, no food consumption. This isn't really a problem but when you have an open outdoor world and all you do is shoot animals, buy guns and shoot more animals it gets kinda boring. Also very limited customization for your character. You can change the gender from make to female but the only thing you can change after that is the color of your camouflage jacket and pants. And you can't even see your character. Not even the arms. And the other colors besides the stock ones are expensive like 5 figure expensive. And when you can't even see it it makes no sense. What they should have done was make it so you can change your hat,boots, jacket, etc and allow a third person view to see your character. Maybe add safety harnesses and other add-ons to make your character unique. Maybe we can make some of this stuff in some kind of crafting table or something. Anyway the game is pretty fun and it's definitely worth getting but don't expect a super exciting experience. It's more relaxing than exiting and that's ok sometimes we need a break from the action and take things slow once in awhile. So that's my review thanks for reading and I'll see you guys next time bye bye!"
,Recommended,518790,34118097,Posted: 8 August,all,mastermime,"The hunter call of the wild is a very addicting game in my oppinion because of the difficulty range of hunting different animals and the different tactics required to hunt different animals. Granted the hunting isn`t really entirely difficult but its difficult enough so you have to pay attention to what your doing and the mechanics make you feel like your a real hunter and you are using quite a bit of skill to track your prey and go undetected and spot them then finally shoot that animal you have been tracking down. Its also satisfying to ""claim your trophy"" in this game and look at where your shots hit and what part of the animal the shots damaged and then read out the statistics of the animal you killed. This is a game that to me would be boring on first sight because Im more into playing as another animal species than a human although the hunter call of the wild is one of a select few games were you play as a human that even I like. Its also a relaxing game to me because of the calm peaceful wilderness to look at and the sounds of nature. In my oppinion I definitely recomend this game to people who like to relax and play an addictive peacful game and to people who want a realistic hunting sim."
,Recommended,518790,34453971,Posted: 23 August,all,Dieu_Rouge,ATV SIMULATOR
,Recommended,518790,30434107,Posted: 10 March,all,m a t e o,"The game looks amazing and it is fun af but some of the glitches suck, some times if an animal runs away from me they get blocked by a bush or something and just run in place the whole time...I mean it is an easy kill but whats the fun in that. I think they should also add like a tracker to shots (unless they have one but i havent unlocked it) because I blasted a deer from far af but couldnt claim it because I lost it when I ran to it. So If they fix the small bugs it is well worth it."
76561198003087441,Recommended,518790,30542142,Posted: 16 March,all,Mr Bojangles,Holy smokes Batman!This game is simply stunning and overwhelmingly beautiful. I have to commend Expansive Worlds on the amazing job with the graphics. The music is very atmospheric and helps to take you into the immersion of the game.If you are at all a fan of hunting simulation games or the real thing this is a no-brainer. It's an amazing game to destress to in comparision to something like Counter-Strike or Battlefield as well.This is very easy to reccomend with the single time purchase price which I felt was the achilles heel of the original theHunter game.The in game purchase pricing does seem a bit steep especially for ammo but I think that's merely a minor thing considering you can just buy unlimited .243 bullets for free.9/10
,Recommended,518790,30208826,Posted: 26 February,all,Evad,"Little bit buggy but other than that the graphics are amazing, the atmosphere is brilliant and they keep you busy with tasks/ small story line. Would recommend, probably the best hunting game on the market."
,Recommended,518790,30431776,Posted: 10 March,all,Trimma pølsebrød,Awsome
76561198098989510,Recommended,518790,30431807,Posted: 10 March,all,Hickstead(sky),THIS GAME IS STUNNING (definitly worth buying )
76561198028205116,Recommended,518790,30541030,Posted: 16 March,all,Vaultdweller,Thrill of the hunt
76561198193744391,Recommended,518790,34308966,Posted: 17 August,all,oO花裤子Oo,"After playing this game, I looking solemn, deeply bowed his head and quietly turn off the computer, got up and open the refrigerator, take out a bottle of ENO, tight grip in your hand, slowly walked to the window and the scenery outside is very bleak, like my mood, heavy, very heavy... Little by little, little rain began to fall in the gray sky outside, so my vision blurred, I didn't know whether it was my tears or the rain, maybe all of them... Me more depressed mood, I can't restrain inner feelings, open the window, to face upwards through a window: the first week I repent for 2 minutes more,the second week I repent for 200 minutes more,i know i become a devil。"
,Recommended,518790,34186327,Posted: 12 August,all,JohnnyBR,"Before I Start I wanna note that I tried briefly the multiplayer part of the game... None of my friends have this game and I thought it would be good for a single player experience. The few hours I had in Multiplayer I quite enjoyed, and even though some minor bugs were there the first time I've tried, they fixed on a quick patch soon afterwards!Second thing before my review: This game is not a Shooter per se... See, if you think you are going to get it, have all the guns in two weeks with minimum effort, run and shoot like doom... Maybe this game isn't for you... I've passed 30 minutes trying to get two bears and it felt great to me... But you have to understand the purpuse of the game and have it's mindset On... Prepare a coffe and Have a blast! It's more of a Simulator than an FPSNow for my Opinion (previously wroted):One of The Best Simulator FPS games I ever had the pleasure to play... Leaves you free to go Open World (btw great level design) and do your thing.... You can Explore or do Quests, or Hunt with a Bow or Pistol, Walk or Use your ATV (btw I recommend the DLCs, altough I prefer walking than taking the ATV myself)... You have to pay attention to the sound of the game a lot, and altough I never hunted myself, it feals realistic enough to make this game worth seeing at least!My Score? >>> 9 out of 10.<<< This part has been updated! Aug 2017 >>>It's a 9 out of 10 because there are some things like traps and minor bugs still missing or/and to be fixed. The game has been constantly updated tough and I'm confident the developer will take a lot of the comunity feedback in consideration like the blind-color option for tracks they just implemented. Thanks btw!"
76561197981441664,Recommended,518790,34629919,Posted: 31 August,all,VERIFIED ALT RIGHT,"JUST LET ME GET THIS ♥♥♥♥ING DEER, I HAVE BEEN TRACKING IT FOR TWO HOURS NOW"
,Not Recommended,518790,34673433,Posted: 1 September,all,jasonbrody1509,cant even get to the title screen before it crashes
76561198300633080,Recommended,518790,29993345,Posted: 17 February,all,mmanser2,"Fairly steep learning curve, but the more I play the more I love this game!"
,Recommended,518790,30068566,Posted: 20 February,all,McDonald,"Loved the first hunter besides the micotransations that plauged the game. Call of the Wild has its issues like the gliching deer but i dont think they are finished with it, there updating constontaly so i think it is work the buy."
76561198191446302,Not Recommended,518790,29960363,Posted: 16 February,all,Parad0x +x csgoroll.com,"I would recommend this to any hunter loving fan havnt played much but already saw a couple of bugs not really game breaking but for example:a running around deer in circles,and sometimes you dont get the trophy even when you know it was your kill and you see the body in front of you...another thing is the game feels i have to say ""too easy"" i was expacting it to be harder to find animals and that they can hear you from much further...i played like an hour and killed like 4-5 and shot about 10 animals..its too easy for me but judge yourself..im very mixed about this game if you want to buy ill say wait abit till the fix some bugs and hopefully they can add an option to decrease that spawn rate of animals or something...EDIT:There seems to be alot of crashes with the game and poor opt for some people even with high end pc cant run on 60 fps...i would hold off for this game for the time been untill they will fix the game"
76561197990594106,Recommended,518790,35277823,Posted: 28 September,all,willalot,Still some bugs to fix but really good graphics. Best hunting game i have played. would like more gun choices.******Somebody needs to mod in predator to hunt you******
,Recommended,518790,33908711,Posted: 30 July,all,Smurf,very good game just fullfilled with glitches
76561198418648419,Recommended,518790,34988297,Posted: 15 September,all,The best hunter,super fun game
76561198202261251,Recommended,518790,35003476,Posted: 16 September,all,McLovin,Amazing game it feels like real life.
76561197961133037,Recommended,518790,33905336,Posted: 30 July,all,OhDANpianO,"Exploration, beautiful landscapes, and of course hunting. A must play for any outdoor enthusiast."
,Recommended,518790,34982755,Posted: 15 September,all,SmashTV,"Really good just needs to have waterfowl for a full experience hunt, along with bunkers, waders for the character. Playing that multiplayer would be awesome"
76561198151765588,Recommended,518790,35264050,Posted: 28 September,all,feltez.v,"Good game, Scenery is just amazing, and graphics are awesome.I cannot say anything about Animal AI because firstly I thought that is realistic and then when I watched the videos which were uploaded on Youtube, I thought Animals in this game are so scared of humans, just thought Game-tical animal AI. And Animals sometimes crash into the tree and yeah.,,If you like to  chill you down, this game is good, but this game has no purpose... mission does not work at all, so you cannot expect story things from this game. Just enjoy the graphics.7/10P.S   This game has too many crashes, I had a crash every 3 hours or 4 hours.グラフィックがとてもきれいですばらしいと思います。動物のＡＩについて...　リアルだなと思ったのですが、YOUTUBEで上がってるハンティング動画を見た後、このゲームの動物はあまりにも人間を恐れすぎているかのように感じました。ゲーム的だなと。そしてこの動物たちは、時々木にぶつかったまま動かなくなったりするんですね...落ち着きたい気分ならプレイすると良いと思います、このゲームには目的というものは存在しないので、ストーリー性に期待することはできませんが、美しいグラフィックを楽しみたいというのなら買っていいと思います。実際素晴らしいです。追記　　　ゲームクラッシュが非常におおく、私は３~４時間に１回ある気がします。他の人もクラッシュ報告が多いですね。7/10"
,Recommended,518790,34990375,Posted: 16 September,all,Amra,"Light years better than any dino-mammal-duck e.t.c. hunting game to date! Animals acting like animals and no resemblance to FPS gene,unlike everithing else i have played, a true hunting/nature watching excperience!"
76561198253632842,Recommended,518790,34113369,Posted: 8 August,all,Grouse,Absolutely an amazing game with beautiful graphics and stunning realism for wildlife. However the only issue that i could have on this game would be that the prices for weapons are a little high but that problem soon disappears the more you play the game because you gain money easily from hunting and killing with a few moments between each kill if your that lucky. Overall a top quality game
76561198053645064,Recommended,518790,35270818,Posted: 28 September,all,johnak67,"Addictive, in shortish bursts.  Very enjoyable for the most part.Things can get dull, so not a game for the impatient, it also has its bugs although none I have found are truly game breaking, excepting the crouching death glitch.  A couple of hours per session is usually as much as I can take but it keeps me coming back regularly for those couple of hours.The Graphics are great as are animations and audio, great immersion.  Skill tree is fairly comprehensive, sensible and gives enough feeling of reward and improvement to keep you wanting more.If it has a major flaw then that is probably in variety, both of weapons and game, I'd like to see Crossbows, Air Rifles and slingshots included as well as huntable smaller game and birds.  Photography challenges are a great idea for those that don't want to terminally hunt and would benefit from more prominence, a DSLR 'Rifle' would be a good inclusion.The two reserves are enough for many hours play.Worth a try if you are looking for a chill out game to enjoy for an hour or two, especially if its on sale."
,Recommended,518790,31029388,Posted: 8 April,all,AmigaGod,"I love this game. The graphics are amazing and the patches cleary shows that the devs are dedicated. Some bugs are still in the game. But overall the games works great, the map is big and lots of places to explore.What i dont like is the mission system, but its possible to turn it off so its not something that stops me from playing.I also started streaming this game and for some ""weird"" reason people actually come and watch me hunt. Its not a 10/10 game but its getting there :)Ive only had 1 crash to desktop during my time with the game. So can i recommend the game? Yes and no. If you are a former Cabela player this game can be boring. But if you like a hunting game with a big open map where you can hunt and walk around freely then this is the game for you. I also notice that the devs take their time to answer the negative reviews is great. It surely means that they are dedicated and proud of their game which is Hard to find these days :)"
76561198042802626,Recommended,518790,30404900,Posted: 9 March,all,Keglagek,"Have you ever been playing farcry and said to yourself ""I wish this game had less people to kill, better graphics, harder hunts, realism, and lots of guns specifically for hunting and tracking""....Ok not like that maybe, but the game is phenominal. But bewarned you cannot just pick up this game and hunt the deer to extinction, it requires some patience, and skill, and luck. It feels really good, really rewarding, and all the minor details you would want are there.My only complaint is there are a few bugs, but that is to be expected when you are out in wild :P"
,Recommended,518790,35149452,Posted: 23 September,all,☠ Kommissar Moldovan ☠,Great hunting game!
,Recommended,518790,30076858,Posted: 21 February,all,Fur,Great game well worth getting... I dont know why theres so many negitive reviews....
76561198418346008,Recommended,518790,35457890,Posted: 3 October,all,Garfalmo,"Shot a deer in the face with a shotgun, nothing more i want in a game."
76561198078896214,Recommended,518790,35493192,Posted: 5 October,all,Scarecrow,noice
76561198030079998,Recommended,518790,35494098,Posted: 5 October,all,Naythan,Brilliant :)
76561198257948811,Recommended,518790,30578502,Posted: 17 March,all,tyrone,"Pretty good mix of quasi realism coupled with an abundance of deer so you don't get to bored. If you don't have the time or money to go hunting IRL this is a decent replacement.What it needs: off road vehicles (dirt bikes, A.T.V's, trucks, etc...)FishingBanjo boysAnd it needs some samsquanches. I want to shoot samsquanches."
76561197970551895,Recommended,518790,31311723,Posted: 22 April,all,Immortal Disciple,"I cannot understand how a game with as many issues as this one gets a full release.I am aware that the game is still undergoing patches as I've followed it before purchasing but some of the issues I've noticed seem like they should have been taken care of before release.Like the Game controls not saving properly. Reverting back at times during play.Some other issues I've noticed is the headlamp will not turn of when I tap the default L key.The light just flickers.It auto turns on at a certain hour and upon daylight it seemed to stay on until I hit the L key again at that point it turned off. Seems that in the night time I cannot turn it off.I'm sure these will be fixed.On certain gameplay issues:Not being able to set my own hunting blind spots or campsite is a downside.I think it's quite strange for a hunter having to pay for animal urine.Scents should be earned upon succesful kills.Taking the bladder of said animal and using the urine on following hunts.Giving the player a set amount for each type of animal.But what brings me to downvote this as of right now is my issue with the flesh wound animal tracking.Tracking a flesh wounded animal, just to find the trail dead ends and the animal disappearing.The two times I've experienced this was when I flesh wounded a Fallow. Both times in daylight.Tracked for about 20-30 minutes both times to come to a dead end trail with no animal.Waste of time and gamebreaking.I played again the other day. Flesh wounded a Red Deer. Tracked it for 2 hours. Found it and dealt the final blow. Success!I find the backtracking patterns strange with an alerted or wounded animal.Although I did backtrack on the two Fallow Deer mentioned in thestrike outabove, yet as I stated came to a dead end and no continuing trail anywhere.So I'm still not sure if it's a game issue.Even though this all sounds negative, I have enjoyed playing the game and recommend it.Maybe for some, wait a bit and follow up on what is being patched."
,Recommended,518790,31321601,Posted: 23 April,all,natmor,"fun for what it is - great, slow paced, relaxing single player when you need to kill some time but don't want the aneurysm that comes with most of your competetive multiplayer games"
,Recommended,518790,31327110,Posted: 23 April,all,Jay.K,"I've had a great time playing theHunter call of the wild. A huge improvement over thehunter classic. Way more immersive,beautiful, enjoyable. I recommend this to anyone who was in love with the original hunter game, and people coming new to this series.They do have some bugs here and there, but nothing was game breaking for me, i binged hours on end in weekends, the experience was very enjoyable. The devs are constantly working on patching the game, and i trust they'll make it right for the community they have built around this series.No other hunting game provides the same level of depth and realism for me. I'm really excited for when they'll add duck hunting back into the game and see how it plays out.I recommend trying this out for 2 hours, experience the beauty of the reserves and the gunplay. If its not for you, just refund it."
,Recommended,518790,31346421,Posted: 24 April,all,Blaster.Master,"LOVE this game! Probably the most immersive game I have ever played. I dont have very many hours clocked , but trust me I will! I give it a 8.5/10. EDIT : Please add a survival mode!!! It would be freaking awesome!"
,Recommended,518790,31364863,Posted: 25 April,all,Sheogorath,"It's not often that I boot up a game simply to walk around and take in the gorgeous scenery, but this game delivers. Before you decide whether to get this game though.. ask yourself, ""am I happy to carefully stalk a deer through the woods for 30 mins, take care not to let it see, hear or smell me, and decide not to put the game down and go back to CS:GO if I spook said deer and have to track it again?"" If the answer was yes then you can enjoy a thouroughly immersive experierence in one of the most beautiful enviroments I've witnessed in a game. If no... well... back to CS:GO then.."
76561198411018369,Recommended,518790,35491525,Posted: 5 October,all,s.kanit,I can not get Free DLC.. How can i get it?
,Recommended,518790,29959638,Posted: 16 February,all,Proxwian,"Well, it released! A lot of bugs, but game 'll great. Thank you!"
76561197980929386,Recommended,518790,29961894,Posted: 16 February,all,Uncivilization,"UI sh*t, can't press Esc to leave menu unless you go map first. Can't join friends game from invite, game crashed! come on devs ffsBUTThis game is great, f*ck all the neg reviews, this is a hunting simulaton not B1 or COD♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game)Therefor this game takes skills, you need to wait for animals, stalk, call and play.F*ck the haters buy this game, The Hunter classic was great and so will this."
76561197970584158,Not Recommended,518790,33279086,Posted: 5 July,all,Doombeldore,I refunded this due to the insane amount of walking and the means to move around the map faster (ATV) is paid for DLC which is an absolute joke and I won't support. Welcome to the boycott list!
76561198111387364,Not Recommended,518790,32425227,Posted: 14 June,all,Shasta Pineberry,"It's a great game. Beautiful graphics, runs amazingly well, maps are beautiful, guns are fun to shoot. But that's it. That's all we get, other then missions they send you on for SP, multiplayer, you just run around and shoot. Unless!!! you buy the DLC! I I just wish we got more things to use, more tools rather than only scents and callers. For a $30 game I should get tents, dogs, fishing, bird hunting, and more! It would be so fun! Sadly, I must rate it negative due to that."
76561197962088296,Not Recommended,518790,30864879,Posted: 31 March,all,Jim Beam Black,"Visually it is nothing compared to the screenshots they use as a selling point. Even on Ultra everything it is still a dissapointment visually. Game play is very clunky and by no means polished. I bought this game thinking it was ""complete"" and not an inprogress game. After an hour its clearly an alpha stage game at best, yet... its not listed as such."
76561198038393752,Recommended,518790,33036518,Posted: 30 June,all,Beli,Impressive.
,Not Recommended,518790,33035411,Posted: 30 June,all,Digitz,"The game is pretty fun, outside of the excruciatingly slow walking in a massive world. This seems to be hands down the biggest complaint of anyone. So what does a good developer do to address that? Release an ATV to help in travel of course...fantastic! However, they are charging you for it...fail! Because of this and this alone, I'm giving this a negative review because that isn't the type of developer I want to support. I've stopped playing the game."
,Recommended,518790,29967442,Posted: 16 February,all,Epic Rainbow Kitten😺🌈🦄,"Hunting guide said to cover your scent and breath as much as possible. Found deer droppings.10/10 would cover face in deer dooky and eat the little brown M&Ms again.But no seriously, I am enjoying the game so far. It looks AMAZING, great immersion. It can be difficult to follow blood trails unless you get a vital hit, but I'm just starting out and there are skill points to use to increase the stats of your character, just like in real life where with practice you get better at hunting and tracking. :)Runs great with settings maxed at 1440P, but that is on a rig that costs more than my 2018 Quadrifoglio."
76561197962295249,Not Recommended,518790,34387554,Posted: 20 August,all,deadlock_,"DO NOT BUY !!!!!  This game is riddled with bugs making it almost unplayable....I played the hunter free version and liked so bought this game. Start of the hunt is nice, I crawled thru the bush till i found a deer, took my time and got a great shot off. Deer took the hit and froze in spot so i shot it again and again and again.. Shot this deer over 5 shots and it didnt move, completely glitched till i ran up and it fell over. I continued hunting and heard a deer moving in on me, I had time to set and wait getting a great shot right in the chest giving a Very High blood trail. Followed  blood trail that gave a pool of blood every 4 ft, but i guess the deer has 60000 pints of blood cause after 2.5 hours there still wasnt a corpse. Then i spotted a bear, took aim and hit it, it ran off but shortly after i heard it coming back thru the bush at me... it saw me froze glitched for 3 secs then attacked me, then again froze/glitched for another 2 sec, then took 3 steps then ran into a tree and froze again for 3 secs, giving me time to put 5 shots, reload and  5 more shots again into its cheast and face before running away again. Once again i got a Very High blood trail, so i followed it for 3.5 hours ..... and again no corpse.... bears must have 1000000000000000000000000000000 pints of blood before they bleed in this game. Basically you will shoot an animal, then spend the rest of the day following it till you get bored."
76561197970833879,Not Recommended,518790,33420933,Posted: 9 July,all,Howii,"Pros:Good graphicsCons:Need DLC to travel fast.Lots of grind to get new gear.Few wepons to choose from, and you need to grind for ages before you could try them out.Conclusion:Waste of money."
76561197971474970,Not Recommended,518790,30301926,Posted: 3 March,all,4udar,"Bought this game believing it would be good. It is far from it though. The amount of bugs and faults are immense. Would not spend any money at this game if I were you! Learn from my mistakes.Quests don't work, and all of a sudden I couldn't even equip weapons anymore. And always fun to waste 5 hours just to have to start all over again with the bugs.Spend your money elsewhere please!"
76561198088718868,Not Recommended,518790,30688039,Posted: 23 March,all,DOUGLAS,"Horrible, horrible AA which makes it unplayable. Refunded.EDIT: The AA cant be in anyway turned down."
,Not Recommended,518790,34440500,Posted: 23 August,all,Ember,I get the idea but it is really hard to walk properly and hard to find animals at first i guess...
76561197992583665,Not Recommended,518790,32458954,Posted: 15 June,all,RedSector73,"Verdict:-The game as hunting game lacks anything that will keep me playing it and misses the mark to be called a hunting game. One day it might be, but don't waste your money as I did hoping that day will come. Dont be fooled this is a pay, pay, pay, lets milk it some more  game.  Dont invest in this game unless they change the model or direction, very quickly you will be disappointed.Read below if you want detail:-Pro's:One of the most beautiful hunting games ever seen. Stunning.Could have been a walking adventure game. The game ""missed it's calling"".Neg's:DLC - Pay to Play. If they add anything you pay. They fix a bug that's free but they add 20 more for each DLC.Bugs - Did I mention that, so many to list, so little to time to enjoy.  This product is not debugged. Apart from shooting the gun everything else will be and has bugs. The animals including there rendering and reactions, your walking, crawling, using any item apart from the gun. The maps even have glitches, like grass above hills etc, once you start looking for them and if you go prone you will see though the hills into cyberspace. This is not all the glitches just some that come to mind.  I got the idea quickly this isnt polished product."
76561198399699165,Not Recommended,518790,33210837,Posted: 3 July,all,NubzzlGaming,"WAY to many bugs, dont even get cash rewards for kills an that means you cant buy any gear or guns. so your stuck with the 243 entire time. o an sucks when u need to buy ammo u gotta start all over"
76561198078147823,Not Recommended,518790,30327545,Posted: 4 March,all,killerjoefish,game doesn't start huge waste of my time absolute garbage
76561198132185393,Not Recommended,518790,29981255,Posted: 17 February,all,Glomo,This is probably the most buggy Game i have ever played in my live.....
76561198153741232,Recommended,518790,32634847,Posted: 21 June,all,☠BluePillMaster☠,Amazing game great graphics
76561197969415871,Not Recommended,518790,30644102,Posted: 20 March,all,Smed,If you buy this game theres a good chance its gonna have some major bugs.If it works for you thats awesome and you will have a great time with this game.If it doesn't.... your screwed. They are busy pushing DLC and dont give a f... about fixing this game.Its kind of their thing. Money... its what they want.
76561198031147400,Not Recommended,518790,30304036,Posted: 3 March,all,Immortalwarfare,Keep crashing every 5 minutes after update game is unplayable
76561198145493510,Recommended,518790,30181945,Posted: 25 February,all,KYL_CaptainB33FY,Amazing game! Doing a lets-play on my youtube channel!
76561198104683497,Recommended,518790,29978758,Posted: 16 February,all,DrRusco,Yeehaw feller
,Not Recommended,518790,30438561,Posted: 10 March,all,TheDutchCoder,"TL;DR; Disappointing bugs and instability, but promising game.Let me start off by saying I've played the original theHunter A LOT, before it became the pay-to-play/win disaster that it is now. I played the original right when the game was released and only had one reserve, so I'm very familiar with the basics of the game and the team behind it.That being said, I saw this game being reviewed and was fairly excited as it looked good and seemed to have taken a more mature turn.However, the game in its current state has quite a large amount of bugs that (in my opinion) prevent me from having a fun experience. My main issue is that a lot of these bugs are super simple things that are obvious right from the start, so I'm surprised this hasn't been caught by QA,For example: map marker will never show up in the location you try to put them in. I'm fairly sure this is tied to the fact that the engine doesn't have proper widescreen support (like the original) and scales the UI improperly (circles are ovals for me). Also, if you do place a marker, 100% of the time the marker will not show up currectly in the game until you reset the marker and add it again. Something that's incredibly annoying and it's a mystery how such an obvious issue has not been addressed.Furthermore, the ""tutorial"" part is... a little bugged? I didn't find any tracks at all, until I was a good mile into a random direction, even though the lady announced ""there's a track nearby"". I've seen the same happening in a YouTube review of the game, so I'm not alone.There's also voice lines in the wrong order, which is confusing at best.My game also crashed a few times while playing (I refunded the game, so I haven't played really more than 2 hours), which to me is a show stopper. You simply can't release a crashing game in my opinion, and I'm also not the only one for whom this happens.Either way, I can totally see this game being great for some people already that might not have these issues and I'm more than willing to give it another shot in the future after patches are in place, but unfortunately my experience has been very bad so far and can not recommend this game."
76561198373312319,Not Recommended,518790,30535820,Posted: 15 March,all,hutchy98,"We spent good money on a game which we were told was complete. Even with a well above average PC I cant even get to the menu. Poor game, Poor team, Poor company."
,Recommended,518790,29963723,Posted: 16 February,all,Absolution,"400+ hours in classic, and I knew this wouldn't be the same. It isn't, but it's still great.Pluses:+still a fun time stalking and killing prey, with a decent challenge level+graphics are acceptable/good+animal animations are excellent, if not a little glitchy at this point.+sound is phenomenal+missions don't get as annoying as I thought they would.+no microtrans like classicMinuses:+they skimped on the textures, or at least the ability to maximize them in game.+lack of stat system to track number of kills/leaderboards etc. This gives it more of an arcade feel, and I think they struck out with this design decision.+hunting without lures is a drag, especially when you're noisy as heck in the bush from the start.FINAL VERDICT:A good game, and one I would recommend. I look forward to graphical improvements/optimization for those with older systems than mine. Also, incorporating the community of hunters at large in game will be what keeps us coming back to this one, rather than burying our collective nerd hunter heads in classic."
,Not Recommended,518790,30971020,Posted: 5 April,all, Sido Olavich ,"3/10too broken, seen tracks go back on themselves with no sign of the animal im tracking, map breaking with stuff not showing, HunterHelper (phone with map) also breaking, hard system crash after so long playing [1 - 2 hours] (this coming from me with a custom built system 8-core 3.6 GHz, Titan  GFX, 32 GB DDR3 RAM (from 64, only 32 usable), So belive me, it aint my system. as much as i wished to like this game.Indie prancing as a Tripple A game.proof of indie game:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=891971594a list of bugs made by another player which shows gravel on some roads going over others... typical indie style...but in all fairness, they are updating the game still (even though not marked as EA, hence the 3 points..) Worth only if you got the £30 to spend (worth around £10-£20 atm)edit 1: 0/10, BSoD my system after full system crash, custom built, 8-core, 16 gb ddr3, etc etc, OP as balls, yet made such an error on my system windows explorer would freeze every time i plugged it back into the internet... this has caused some damage to my system with regards to constant restarting, so no, i will NOT give this game a thumbs up due to some people not knowing how to get this fixed, (took me a day or so)... until this is fixed and is playable without damaging ANY system.blow me if you want to downvote this review, dont care, its what happened to me, its happening to certain people (hell even i thought ""aaa thats just probs their system"", but nope). no Alternative facts from me snowflakes."
,Not Recommended,518790,33290514,Posted: 5 July,all,VeryUpsetBanana,"Just like the classic hunter, Call of the Wild is going to be plauged by DLC's."
76561197978832149,Not Recommended,518790,30183032,Posted: 25 February,all,flinteryk,"dumb ai, once you shoot an animal in a pack the pack begins trying to aimlessly run away getting stuck on every bush possible making them easy to shoot. if you dont want to shoot the full pack its hard to get the one animal you killed without getting hit a bunch of times from the animals randomly trying to run away but getting stuck on every little branch. i also noticed the bullet drop is waaaay off. granted i only played for 30mins but it was enough to show me i wasnt going to enjoy playing it maybe some one else would but not the game for me.4/10"
76561198315029920,Not Recommended,518790,33212337,Posted: 3 July,all,lmcclements,Got to the third or fourth campaign mission (the fallow deer in the cornfeild mission) and theres a bug where the deer you need to harvest are non existent in that area. Paid $25 and i feel like that was too much. Good for screwing around on when your bored but thats about it.
,Recommended,518790,30107874,Posted: 22 February,all,DROPBEAR,This is the best hunting game on the market that iv played!~ 10/10 Graphics~ Super Realistic~ Super easy to lose track of time while playingThere are some bugs which is to be expected since it was just released~ animals tend to glitch out and start running aroundin circles~ animals wil get stuck on rocks and just keep runningOverall a very good game!
76561198179518446,Not Recommended,518790,29970289,Posted: 16 February,all,TheLegend27,"TheHunter promises a lot of things, but it just doesn't deliver."
76561198127669753,Not Recommended,518790,34513349,Posted: 26 August,all,...,"getts old fast , not worth it after an hour"
,Recommended,518790,29980397,Posted: 17 February,all,Danny,♥♥♥♥ this game is so good the deer look so good
76561197970534289,Recommended,518790,31426598,Posted: 28 April,all,Major,"A Video game for me has to have that imersion, the ability to bring me into that world. Call of the Wild, in my opinion is the best in doing that, with awesome Graphics and Sceneries.  The Hunting side of this game is a step up from TheHunter Classic. First, there are way more animals. Herds are rather commom, giving the hunter various types of hunting at one time.I find myself entering the game just to relax after a hard day. The sounds of the wild life are incredibly convincing.I've had numerous adventures on both Reserves, where the animal interaction is very life like. Not perfect but very realistic and surprisingly enjoyable. When a Bison or Black Bear comes charging you, and you have to defend youself... now that's what you would expect. One trip in I came upon a herd of Elk, hearing the bugle of the male. I took the shot at a Bull Elk only to get stapeded by the felmales !!COTW brings hunting with great Reserves to enjoy and to experience the wide open ranges with their snow peak mountains.  Call of the Wild is bringing me there."
76561197991740775,Recommended,518790,31639678,Posted: 8 May,all,Justice238,"As an avid hunter myself, I love this game. Definately worth the price I paid. Keep updating the game and keep doing what you guys are doing. Love it."
76561198019277671,Recommended,518790,32980058,Posted: 29 June,all,DVDA,Best hunting game I have ever played. The old reviews for this game aren't good but with all the updates they do the game is great.
76561197970802248,Recommended,518790,35416056,Posted: 2 October,all,Murder Hobo,"I stalked a rabbit.  I murdered it.  Rabbit needs to git gud, what a S**t C***t!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30341072,Posted: 5 March,all,Brawl ZA,"It's a beautyful game, but you might as well go walk outside if you want that.The animals are ninja, you can't get them without extreme effort.It just feels like wasting time playing.The game also keeps freezing (I run i5, gtx1060, 8gb ram.)"
,Recommended,518790,30408247,Posted: 9 March,all,-----------------,5/69 could not pick up a focking dead rabbit mate.. lol
76561198174023730,Not Recommended,518790,30217810,Posted: 27 February,all,pig-attack,"Sounds not working properly, optimization is bad, gameplay is.. well its walking sim with great graphics. omg:( Not worth it. Not met my expectations."
76561198086196733,Not Recommended,518790,30283154,Posted: 2 March,all,MikasaLoveYou,"游戏总是出错，买来游戏后就停止运行，然后说发送数据什么的。always stopped working , can't login the game! can someone help me ?? how to solve this error!!"
,Recommended,518790,30295009,Posted: 3 March,all,マスタースクラブ,walking simulator 2017
76561198166972511,Not Recommended,518790,30335793,Posted: 5 March,all,ARatherHappyPotato,IT DOESENT WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198368572222,Recommended,518790,33322095,Posted: 6 July,all,Oddfish,推荐也不推荐，这是款节奏非常非常慢的游戏，适合享受孤独与荒野的人进行游戏，游戏画面做的非常好 ，但因为节奏很慢，可能大部分人玩久了会觉得单调。一个人，一杆枪，一片荒野，当孤身一人的猎手深陷兽群之中，无人援助，结局会怎么样呢？陪伴猎人的只有无垠的荒野，孤独是瓶美酒，（不是适可品尝而是痛饮）尝多了便会成为毒药。
76561198321727214,Not Recommended,518790,30627499,Posted: 19 March,all,AStrangeAnimal,It's a beautiful game. My only problem is I either have to wait 3 seconds for every step or hunt on a potato. Also the bugs are a huge downside. Untill the fix some things wait to buy it.
,Recommended,518790,30227550,Posted: 27 February,all,Professor_Goat,"Absolutely fantastic game. Enviroments are beautiful. Weapon handling is smooth. My game runs absolutely stable (unlike most of these negative reviews, I actually know how to BUILD a quality pc). I run Arma 3 ultra and get 50-60 fps. This game doesnt even come close to taxing my system. But it sure just look like it should. I've seen ONE deer get stuck on a tree and bushes..that's less than I've seen IRL. lol seriously. I can't FIND a glitch in this game. Its smooth.This game makes the the first one look like a $5 indie game. Open world is truly open and the regions are massive.The ONLY complaint I can think of is the cost of upgrades in game. You'll have to lay out plenty of animals before you get the more desired of rifles.This game is underhyped, atm. Majority of negative comments are coming from plebs playing on emachines."
,Not Recommended,518790,30111858,Posted: 22 February,all,ιм σк,GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING BAD. EARLY ACCESS? NOPE.
,Recommended,518790,30070667,Posted: 20 February,all,Kalogrym,"So far, so good."
76561198009229635,Recommended,518790,32236644,Posted: 7 June,all,SKEILPRO,"In 1933 the Nazi's started a project in the national forest of Bialowieza, there a man called Lutz Heck was working on creating Nazi animals (its true check Wiki!)Now almost 90 years later these Nazi deers and foxes are still roaming the land.You are a Allied commando sent in these woods with a rifle and a deer♥♥♥♥♥♥wisle to find and eliminate these remaining nazi's and stop their evil plans of taking over the animal kingdom.Do not fail!"
76561198236517592,Recommended,518790,33186116,Posted: 3 July,all,Night$hift,"I was a bit skeptical at first because I'm used to FPS games with a ton of action but this game is surprisingly addictive.There's a few glitches that have been rectified already making the game even better.All in all, it's a test your patients fest that is pretty rewarding."
,Recommended,518790,33751288,Posted: 23 July,all,Peng.,Add helicopter and tank DLC pls.We will let these animals know who is the boos of the wild.
,Recommended,518790,32147734,Posted: 3 June,all,BottledPanda,"This is a game that u can have fun with, and it is even better when u play with ur friends. I recommend using a good pc to play this game, tryed first with my regular pc, didn't work as well as my stationary pc.I recommend this game at my highest!"
76561198215125628,Recommended,518790,32078702,Posted: 30 May,all,jtmoab4x4,This game is great its got real nice graphics and mechanics its a beautiful game I definatly recomend it to anyone
,Recommended,518790,33733048,Posted: 22 July,all,KriM 👽 Калашников,"This is sucha nice game for anybody that loves hunting, I had to return it tho because I wanted to get another game, sorry."
,Recommended,518790,30379964,Posted: 7 March,all,Degurechaff,>Shoots a deer in the head from 20 yards whilst hiding in the bushes>Deer stops for a moment>Rub my hands in sweeeeeeeeeeeet victory>Deer runs away>Follow it>Continues to bleed over 300 litres of blood>Finds another deer>Shoots it in the torso>Instant death10/10 realism
,Recommended,518790,33123834,Posted: 2 July,all,~CaNdLeBoX~,"Really good game. Ignore the people crying about the DLC's. Pretty much any game you play this days are going to have them. Seriously people $3.99. If you are that broke, then gaming shouldn't be your thing. The store page even shows you the DLC's and yet you still buy the game just to cry about it. Stop crying. Any who. you can really immerse yourself in the game. Beautiful graphics. Missions were a very cool add-on. Pretty cool story line for being a hunting game. Worth the buy."
76561198124299893,Recommended,518790,33955933,Posted: 1 August,all,BriskBloom1696,"Dear developers. I love the game. Everything in it is awesome but what I don't like is what isn't in it. This game has a lot of potential whit its dinamyc weather and what you did with the grass and atnosphere is just amasing. But theres a sirious lack of content. For example: Im walking in the middle of a field and haer a tracktor startin, I wait a few seconds than the sound dissapears. I never saw the tracktor. Or Im walking in a village but there are no people. Theres only one voice talking to me like theres no one else in the world just the two of us. This makes the game empty and I know its a hunting game but come on man. Put some people in the game to meet in person put some cars on the road to make us feel that this is a living briefing world what is capeable of even now when theres noone else in it. Plus put out some more maps for us to play on please. I dont even care if its a payable dlc. If its good I dont mind. And I would love some more options. Like collecting mushrooms and not just a few but a hole bunch of them. Like its in real life let us sell it. I would love a little book about the mushrooms or something. And it would be good to implant fishing in to the game. But overall I love it and offer it for anyone to buy it because it feels like you are really hunting. And one more thing: PLEASE make a vr version. That would be amazing.PS.: Excuse me if my english is not good here and there im Hungarian."
,Recommended,518790,34162667,Posted: 11 August,all,Okayachi.DFAF,Play and think when I was a kid XD!!!
76561198002162800,Recommended,518790,30063233,Posted: 20 February,all,Hr_Hansen,This game is amazing!It's simple as that!
,Recommended,518790,30065610,Posted: 20 February,all,AK | simplyfrostyy,"This game is overwhelmingly fun, the single player and missions over all are fun and enjoyable.  There is times where it is a little tough, but the road to finishing some missions can be very interesting.This game is a really big (better) upgrade from the previous free game.  The best part is that you unlock weapons and buy them with in-game currency, that's a win in my own opinion.  You can now progress and hunt more things without having to pay more money to do so.I recommend this game and I also recommend bringing a friend along with you, the multiplayer is a great way to have fun with friends and compete to see who can kill the biggest animal.Lastly, you can expect bugs as it's a new game, but the devs are updating it and making it better, you can wait to buy the game if you want to play a game with ease, but if you don't mind a few bugs and glitches that can give you a laugh at times, I'd recommend picking up this game soon.Pros[+] Graphics are amazing[+] Enjoyable game with a lot of missions[+] Multiplayer is fun and not laggy [depending on the host ;)][+] Loads of places to explore currently[+] Devs are working hard to make the game better.[+] A lot of animals to find a kill (they sometimes roam in large groups)[+] Animals can hurt you (you actually have to fear that now, isn't that cool?!)[+] Realistic hunting simulator[+] Skill points and other sorts to make your character a better hunter. (Example; Skill points put towards certain things makes tracking easier)[+] A lot of other things that you should check out!Cons[-] When you play multiplayer you can't interact with monuments, outposts, and outlooks.[-] Some fps bugs, but you can restart the game and you'll be fine.[-] Some interface bugs, but easily bypassable.I can't think of much more cons as this game is really great, I recommend picking it up and bringing a friend along with you! ;)EDIT:I thought I'd add in that the game is a bit time consuming with walking a lot, here is a suggestion.[+] Add some sort of vehicle, like an atv, but nothing to fast, but just something to get you to a place just a tad bit quicker.  It would make getting from one place to another when hunting in certain areas.  Also, make them two seaters or so, that way if you and a friend play you can also let them hop on the back and you can both go and hunt together."
76561198197960154,Recommended,518790,34302643,Posted: 17 August,all,Basil42,"I really do enjoy this game, personally I think that this is by far my favourite and possibly the best game I have in my steam library, If you're on edge about purchasing this game i would suggest buying it playing it for a while, try out both of the maps and if you don't like it then you can just refund it.If your on the fence about this i really do think it's under rated and it's a really great game.Although, I feel like in the future theu will be adding lots of micro transactions, I don't know and I really hope they dont go down that path like they did with the hunter classic."
,Recommended,518790,34342691,Posted: 18 August,all,Just A Barista,"OMG where do I start with this game? It is SO GOOD! there is so much potential and room from improvement, but there is also so much greatness. It is a fun multiplayer, and singleplayer game. You can get hours out on this game, and I think that if you wanted to find something to kill time, this is definetly the game for you!Pros: Very Realistic Graphics, Fun CO-Op, Fun SIngleplayer, they fix bugs constantly, newly upgraded ATV physics, Hunting is quite fun, HUGE MAP OMG HUGE!Cons: AI seem weird a lot of the time, some atv physics need to be improved, guns are hard to use on bigger game for a while, and its quite hard to get new ones.Even though some of the cons might sound bad, they dont make the game bad, its just some critiques i feel need to be addressed.If the Devs are reading, I have a list of things that would be wonderful if added: Fishing, swimming, boats, new clothes, more animals, more mountainous areas like Mount Leviathon and Lake Leviathon, Make AI smarter and not run back and forth, penetration needs to be fixed on guns, especially for the first rifle, you can shoot like 7 bullets and not kill, hitboxes should be fixed, new maps and countries available maybe. Some of this could be DLC. Make it easier to get money, or make items cheaper. Because some items, like lures are like 6000$ and you get 1000$-2000$ from a deer kill. so you need 3 kills at least, and you have to be a certain level, or have a high rifle score for certain items. Add new landmarks, or safehouses, or just cool places to look at, like towns, villages or lakes.Those are just some requests. Thank you for taking time out of your day to read this, and please give upvotes so the devs see some ideas to implement into their game!~Ian"
76561198367147383,Not Recommended,518790,30004910,Posted: 18 February,all,hamish.auton.21,"This game gave me no scope at the start and no ammo, i was really excited about his and it looks good but with out these it is ueless and i am extremely dissapointed!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30674701,Posted: 22 March,all,CaptainJaray,Ign would give this game a 11/10
76561198309285357,Recommended,518790,34147362,Posted: 10 August,all,Filthy_John,A very relaxing game with grafics that can only be described as amazing. But gameplay wise it didn't contain a lot of the energenic hunting like many other games. I found it to be extremely hard to hunt in the game with stealth level required to be 100+ else you would scare the pray. But an ok stealth game if you're into that kind of thing. 6/10
76561198127684435,Not Recommended,518790,34224225,Posted: 13 August,all,Knight Train,Do not waste your money or time.Such a boring game at a very slow pace. Not only does everything out run you but everything out walks you too. Why does your character walk and run so slow. Running in the game is the same speed as a slow walk and walking is a very slow creep. I will not be playing again until some changes are made. Im looking forward to some updated for the character. The graphics are good tho.
76561198116740648,Recommended,518790,34309824,Posted: 17 August,all,Genghis Khan,"Such graphics ""many frames"" 10/10"
76561198060089735,Not Recommended,518790,30353470,Posted: 6 March,all,DARK-WEED,This alpha games....Nice country side but filled with bugs from outer space
76561198037224895,Recommended,518790,29963130,Posted: 16 February,all,AfroBruh,Very good!
,Not Recommended,518790,32644625,Posted: 22 June,all,ChaoticSenses,Too slow paced. Also wished there was a loadout menu.
76561198068917300,Recommended,518790,32922396,Posted: 28 June,all,reny,its ♥♥♥♥in lit fam yeet
76561198148529234,Not Recommended,518790,29972088,Posted: 16 February,all,ted3560,"Dont Buy, Beta version sold as ready to play, all kinds of bugs and crashes!"
76561198160718394,Not Recommended,518790,33699371,Posted: 21 July,all,Conor McGregor,"Lack of contents and when they add some, you need to pay for DLC.Also, lot of bugs and desync, animals teleports, and takes more than 10 bullet in the head to kill 1 deer, even with a decent carbine.For 15 $ maybe, but don't spend 40 $ on that.Oh, and there's no bullet ballistic and it seems like the wind just does'nt change anything to the bullet trajectory."
76561198366360082,Not Recommended,518790,30099408,Posted: 22 February,all,pierrehamelin11,not recomended what so ever i bought the game i playded 2 hr okthen it crashed went complitly dark could not play anymorethe rifle would not shoot the callers where also not workingand the bad part of all this i paided STEAM twice for the gamebecause the hunter support toldme to take the game off and re download STEAM charged me againthey did not re download the game now i paid with NO GAMEso BOYS stay away from that game for at least 3 to 4 monthsREGARDS the FIDDLER from the original hunter since DAY 1
76561198121812231,Not Recommended,518790,32809601,Posted: 26 June,all,Tullruss,Too many bugs incomplete game bugs from beta were never fixed
76561198041438318,Not Recommended,518790,29970012,Posted: 16 February,all,flyboy,I cant open the game download ok but cant open???????????
,Recommended,518790,30782461,Posted: 27 March,all,TRIPPIST,"Ok, so first of all, i want to state that it is very hard for me to post a review about this game.  The reason being that i have so much to say about it, making it hard to put it all together or organize it into one conclusive review on the game.  I may review this review multiple times and change or add things to it.Moving on to the actual review i would like to say, being a hunter in reality, that this game is trying its best to meet my expectations for a realistic, interactive hunting game. The graphics are absolutely incredible, I can walk almost anywhere on the reserve and either admire the view of far off areas, or simply enjoy the placement of the brush and trees in my immediate vacinity.  I admire this game for its graphic attention to detail.The graphics are not the only thing i admire, as they do not make or break a game.  The gameplay and game mechanics are impressive as well.  The pause menu in the game impresses me for several reasons. I enjoy the design of the map and how the waypoint placement works (although a problem with previous waypoints interfering with current ones until removed is slightly annoying), the map works well and i like the ability to fast travel between discovered cabins. I enjoy the fact that missions are implemented but not essential.  I enjoy that the devs focused on both main styles of hunting, ambushing and stalking, and the available skills for both styles. I enjoy that with certain skills you actually have to activate them to use them, and that some have a cool down time. Personally i think it makes it more challenging, and makes you think more.Moving on to the animals in the game... I like the fact that different animals react differently than others.  Not all animals react the same to sight, smell, and sound as others.  Implimenting those differences is attention to detail that i appreciate as a gamer and a hunter.  The only constructive criticizm i can give, is that i hope they plan to add a massive about of different species including different game sizes. An example being multiple small game type animals having their own scoring.Moving to maps... I truly enjoy the detail put into developing both of the maps.  They are both huge and there are so many different areas to explore and new sights to see.  I have no complaints about the maps that already exist.  The only thing i coult hope for is that they add several more, just as intricate maps, from all over the world with scores of different species for each area.Overall i think this game is amazing.  It is the game i have been waitng for since Big Game Hunter.  The ""Perfect"" hunting game.  Although they are onto an amazing start, i think there is always so much more they can add to eventually make this the most amazing hunting experience available without actually going into the woods with a gun.  If i had to add one suggestion to the game... It would be this...I think it would be an amazing idea to add a trophy room to the game.  It should be a building you have to find in each region.  When you locate this ""trophy room"", and claim it, it should display a spot on the wall for each species in the area.  Each space should contain a mount of the largest scoring animal you have harvested of that species.  Along with a list of every other animal you have harvested in that species. Every time you harvest a bigger scoring animal of that species, the wall mount should be replaced with that animal.This game is amazing.  Overall i have no complaints.  I look forward to seeing where this game goes and i am sure that i will enjoy it regardless."
,Recommended,518790,34112512,Posted: 8 August,all,Mr Ler,outstanding game
,Recommended,518790,31694970,Posted: 11 May,all,PsychoWraith,Need a quick bug fix. Thank You.
76561198144489561,Recommended,518790,33225174,Posted: 4 July,all,B6ree8,Hard.Amazing.Best Forest.Best Hunter Game.
,Recommended,518790,31307068,Posted: 22 April,all,Er_Kamma,"Tracked down a roe deer for almost 30 min.shot the poor deer in the head, then it flees like nothing happened.*Investigate track* Blood loss: low10/10.In the end I could trophy it, I scored 34 points."
76561197992557249,Recommended,518790,31390676,Posted: 27 April,all,Drew,Awesome game!
76561198358742256,Recommended,518790,31355320,Posted: 25 April,all,heffler.d,"Good graphics, very challenging,  overall a very good game.  :)"
,Recommended,518790,31372667,Posted: 26 April,all,918 Spyder,Buggy? YesBroken? YesFun? YES
,Recommended,518790,31909740,Posted: 22 May,all,!! Abi !! [TAW] <3,"Okay i have played both thehunter & call of wildsyea call of thw wilds is slightly better but the Tracker still needs alot more work serouisly im getting very fed up the TRACKER being stupid !!!!& the AI or sort the trees and rocks as i follwed a male Roe Deer just i couldnt harvest due to him going up a hill and i get blocled, but ppl can walk down it doesnt make sence.But i do recommend it its an awesome game but slight errors need to be fixed ASAP!!!"
,Recommended,518790,32357750,Posted: 11 June,all,Rassad,"Game is fantastic. Awesome graphics, and good hunting.  It does have a multiplayer bug, that prevents outposts from being unlockable by anyone but the host.  This makes it a little more difficult to fast travel around the map.  Also some of the UI is... not intuitave.  But non the less a great game."
,Recommended,518790,32013237,Posted: 27 May,all,zenmekir,"Exactly what I want in a hunting game.Open world; see something and you can shoot it, no annoying tag buying system.Beautiful graphics.There are some kinks to iron out but the devs have been good at updating it."
,Recommended,518790,34050488,Posted: 5 August,all,Lighttstrike,"This is a fantastic game in all sorts of ways, I now have 52 hours under my belt and am still enjoying this game, the price is right, the only thing I wish for is more frequent updates, aside from that- Totally reccomend."
,Not Recommended,518790,34368311,Posted: 20 August,all,Einar,"Last patch ruined game. Spaghetti code. Callers scare more animals than call them, can't hardly track or kill animals you shoot anymore. New DLC soon instead of fixing months old problems?"
76561198025793109,Recommended,518790,30150139,Posted: 24 February,all,riklee,"Really ,really slow game ,yawwwwwnnnnnnnn ,"
76561198030614031,Recommended,518790,34093926,Posted: 7 August,all,georg_moen,"Excellent hunting game.  Yes, it did have a few bugs, but some of them have been corrected.  The DLC makes a huge difference for this game.  Before, it was almost impossible to get from one area to another without having to purposely try reaching the next camp site without much hunting and a lot of running.  Now, with both the ATV and tents, it is very easy to go anywhere, camp anywhere to start at that location where you left off (or move there from anywhere), or simply change your gear anytime you want.  I still don't understand the bagpack capacity and the fact that you can have access to all your ammo regardless of what you put in your bagpack; I guess it is one of those bugs that will need correction.  I hope they will offer a DLC with custom rifles so I can build what I actually use in real life, instead of rifles I don't have, want, and don't really enjoy that much (same as with the Classic game)."
,Recommended,518790,29976213,Posted: 16 February,all,Beetle,EEEEEEH it gets a 8/10 work in progress
76561198119469442,Recommended,518790,29978111,Posted: 16 February,all,scoutz bait,slow walking sim 2017
76561197994075296,Recommended,518790,30192015,Posted: 26 February,all,Lowky,Pretty decent but has a few annoying bugs.
76561198064163351,Recommended,518790,30192222,Posted: 26 February,all,steven777,You hear eagles like in Far Cry 4 but they don't attack your head. 10/10
76561198064505566,Not Recommended,518790,30224017,Posted: 27 February,all,Crank,I'm just having major lag issues while gps is active on my screen. ONLY when its out and no matter what settings I'm at. As time goes on it gets worse and worse. Too many issues to be enjoyable or even playable at this point. I would wait or pass. Accuracy rating on weapons is all messed up. Scope glitch on every shot. Hunter special skill doesn't work.AMD FX-8350 Black Edition 8-Core 4.0 GHz (4.2 GHz Turbo)EVGA GeForce GTX 970G.SKILL Ripjaws Series 16GB DDR3SAMSUNG 850 EVO 500GB SSDWD 2TB HDD1000w Rosewill Power SupplyASUS 970 PRO GAMING/AURA AMD Motherboard
76561198065475612,Recommended,518790,29976492,Posted: 16 February,all,Lenard Duck,The game is great but i would wait a little while before buying it because of all the crashing at start up and all the bugs.
,Recommended,518790,30701591,Posted: 24 March,all,Anime_Fusion,"This game is amazing. This might sound really off topic, but I'm a huge Skyrim Modder and I always loved adding hunting aspects to that game. I know the games are completely different, but one of the things I love in games is being able to explore and get lost in the world. This game really does an amazing job of letting you just get lost and lose track of time. The graphics are insane and when I got caught up in a thunderstorm late at night I actually jumped in my seat it was so immersive. The hunting is also amazing of course. I love being stealthy and I feel a high sense of achievement when I claim my trophies, track down animals and react to animal calls. I've been using Rifles and Bows the most. I look forward to sinking hundreds of hours in this game and for only 29.99, the game offers you enough content. It exceeded my expectations so far. Haven't personally noticed any bugs. But I also haven't been looking for them."
,Recommended,518790,30705916,Posted: 24 March,all,♛GhostKing85♛,BEST GAME
,Recommended,518790,30694472,Posted: 23 March,all,reiser,"I bought this game thinking what beautiful environments, worth the $30 if only to further terrain/environment research (Avalanche Engine has been known to do this) but I found myself at work, thinking of how to get the next Buck...Bravo for making a very enjoyable (for some weird reason) game.11/10 Would kill a buck again..."
,Recommended,518790,30744913,Posted: 26 March,all,tox1m,"12 hours in singleplayer, loving it. Game looks and sounds awesome and only bug that I have noticed so far was some animal being stuck. Could use an ATV for moving around long distances.And I miss the treestands and blinds from Cabela's hunting games which you could set up anywhere, here we can only use the ones that are set around the map and some of them seem to be in bad locations.+ Looks great+ Sounds great+ Gun handling+ Sounds- No freely placeable treestands or ground blinds or other similiar equipment- Lack of bird hunting- No vehicles(ATV? Bikes? Bicycles?) but we do have roads- Sound related bugs (sometimes sounds like gun shots and animal calls don't play out)- Animals stuck few times- No winter/winter maps- No exit to main menu, only desktop8/10 Will hunt again"
,Recommended,518790,30756996,Posted: 26 March,all,J. Brandston | 3E-8,"Very good game but still lacking many features.  Wish it looked better on an Ultra wide monitor though.. It claims it supports the resolution but it still seems streched out.  Have to throw in my old 16:9 monitor when playing for the game to look great.  The price is a little up there for the current build of the game, but you sorta have to have a little like for hunting to enjoy the game.  Excited to see the future, as long as the devs listen to the community and work with us! :)"
76561198134410802,Recommended,518790,30710117,Posted: 24 March,all,TheGermanPanzer,just need turkey and other birds. add atv and a few more goodies like deployables tree stands and blinds. be perfect game
76561198207929728,Recommended,518790,30757902,Posted: 26 March,all,Kas,game looks great and as an avid hunter i must same i delt with alot of the frustrations people are complaining about but hey its hunting i have seen peoples reviews about loseing a blood trail and it being a bug lol i can tell they have never been out doing it in real life the game has some buggs but still i think its the best hunting game i played so if u have that summertime itch when noting is open to hunt give this game a go it will not let u down
,Recommended,518790,32187123,Posted: 4 June,all,Rick,i love this game.. i think all these negative reviews and crying all because of $5 worth of tents DLC you dont need to get.. but anyways i really hope more animals and guns get added into the game maybe even another reserve. just a wonderfull experience :D
76561198019735785,Recommended,518790,32797557,Posted: 25 June,all,Shadow,good game love it to deathbut holy hell stop with the updates!!! its like a chain reaction update update update and screws the game up
,Recommended,518790,33096656,Posted: 1 July,all,KrigarNooben,"For me: Game of the year 2017: (so far; but I cant imagen another game blowing my mind like this one did/does)Why?Well; this is the first game I really have had a hard time telling if its for real or not.There is PERHAPS tiny tiny improvements to make in the graphics, but this is darn close into perfection to simulate outdoors nature both in graphics and sound.and for me enjoying a game that dont have to go 100km/h all time...this is it.andYeah this game does also go 100km/h at times =)GOTY 2017"
,Recommended,518790,32641695,Posted: 22 June,all,dreeemzz,"Great game! love it already, just needs some improvements and thats about it! awesome graphics.i would recommend this to people who love there hunting and outdoors! Great fun"
76561198163563883,Recommended,518790,33172285,Posted: 3 July,all,Neko,Reasons why I would play this game- to go sleep to the rain sound cause it's fkin chill
76561198000439429,Recommended,518790,32185895,Posted: 4 June,all,Weazel3217,"is what it says to be .a hunting game takes time to get the right shot ,unless you want to go tracing the wounded animals.Great way to relax and game at same time .Its a amazing looking game .even if your like me with a non top of the line pc .It worked me on how smooth it played on my pc thats like 4 years old .Great job ."
,Recommended,518790,33333262,Posted: 6 July,all,H1N1,Pro: It is a great gameCon: Not enough DLC for me to buy
,Recommended,518790,30806873,Posted: 28 March,all,Swayze94,"I really enjoy this game, it has an awesome tracking system, I like that there are missions and objectives, trinkets to collect, a MASSIVE (maybe to big) map and lots of different animals. There are plenty of flaws though. For instance everytime I've shot a bear, it charges, gets in my face, and turns around. It repeats this cycle until I finally shoot it enough with my wee little .223 for it to die. It'd be cool if there were some sort of Trophy Room like I used to see in the Deer Hunter games, or better yet, a cabin you could customize? Hint* Hint* Nudge* Nudge* development team I'm talking to you. Anyways, there is lots of walking involved and fast traveling from what I can tell is only available to be used to Warden outposts. I've only put a couple hours in and will probalby edit this if anything new is found out. All that said. I REALLY LIKE THIS GAME."
76561198323579517,Recommended,518790,30807176,Posted: 28 March,all,NismoNate01,"This game is addictive!I havent played any hunting games since back when the cabelas hunting games were half decent ie. outdoor adventures 2006. This game even with all its current flaws is F*%$ing Awesome! Stalking down an animal and finally getting that kill after a bloody long period of time feels so rewarding! There are many bad reviews on here but alot of them are from people who have invested themselves deeply in the previous game and where expecting EVERYTHING to be absolutely perfect or as it was in the previous game, typical spoilt humans lol. Ive played for 20 or so hours and enjoyed every second of it!If you are looking for a huning game that is well made with a few glitches here and there, looks absolutely amazing and has the potential to be the best hunting game to date with future dlc and updates i suggest you buy this game right now!10/10 will be spending many more hours tracking down animals and pumping them full of lead!"
76561198293598350,Recommended,518790,30361804,Posted: 6 March,all,LOLOLOLOL,The game is good but we need Chinese !!!!!!!
76561198244658918,Recommended,518790,32438347,Posted: 15 June,all,Sierra Whiskey | CS.MONEY,I have been asking poeple if they shoud add duck hunting and geese hunting and they all said yes.we all have played the hunter classic and loved the duck hunting when you see the ducks fly over and then you pop up and light the sky up and see the ducks fall to the ground.
76561198346445097,Recommended,518790,30982616,Posted: 6 April,all,╾━╤デ╦︻ pussydestroy,Great game
76561198077611684,Recommended,518790,33266988,Posted: 5 July,all,TinyWabbit (SP/Rob),"Great game,Loving the admosfere the fibe. Gorgeous grafics, for me i just feel like im really walking thru the forest. Best to play with friends though, especially when drunk.Visit our Page #DrunkenHuntingCunts. (http://steamcommunity.com/groups/DrunkHuntingCunts)Cons:It got some bugs, and one of your friends must get the DLC for the others to use it. So yeah the DLC sucks, id recommend buying him a beer if he buys the DLC (ATV's)."
76561198053954100,Recommended,518790,32209499,Posted: 5 June,all,NoBull,"Edit: yes there are paid DLC but they are about 5 bucks. the tent and atv dlc's are worth getting but not neccisary to play the game. Developers did state that there will be paid AND FREE DLC. If you are on the fence about getting this game then just know that 98% of the negetive are either a bunch of BS or from people who play twitch shooters everyday and dont understand the concept of a hunting game let alone hunting at all. This game is extremely enjoyable.Before i write my review, if your looking for a call of duty style fast paced shooter then look elsewere.I fully recommend this game if your into hunting / hunting games. The graphics are amazing, the gameplay is great, the maps are huge, and there are no restrictions. It also includes side mission style objectives such as taking out 3 fallow deer that are eating the corn in a corn field.  There are a few features i hope to see in the future that the game is lacking at the moment but im sure they will get added in eventually. Also this has no paywall like The hunter classic.There are many reviews on here complaing about how there will be paid DLC, WELL DUH!!! every game these days has paid DLC so quit your B****in. Also ive seen other complaints regarding how there are too many animals or too few. For starters, there are not too many animals in this game (it has herd system), from what ive seen i think they are perfectly dispersed. As far as too few animals, dont just try and run and gun because you will scare everything away before you even see it.Other people complained about how they bagged 20 deer in an hour. I find that to be false unless you shoot everything you see off hand. It took me about 30 min to find a decent trophy buck out of luck, another 15 min to get in a good spot to take the shot, and probably nearly 45 min to track the deer down to where it died.So with all that said i fully recomend this game if your into this sort of thing. Dont listen to the lame complaint reviews and just give it a shot. If you dont like it that much the get a refund.Good hunting"
,Recommended,518790,32212682,Posted: 5 June,all,TehBastage,"While it's certainly not for everyone, I've had a great time with this.  It's got two really beautiful maps that have this very tactile and believable quality that most maps in open world games can't come close to.  Getting off effective shots is a matter of skill that goes well above and beyond what's required in a typical shooter, and that's for the better.About my only complaint is that it's a very grindy game.  But it doesn't do much to keep me from enjoying it."
,Recommended,518790,31683288,Posted: 11 May,all,DarkMellie,"Absolutely superb.As a big fan of the 'free to prey' The Hunter (and seriously, devs, you NEED to call it a 'free to prey', I've been asking this for years!) and someone who was happy with what they spent on the game, I was stoked to see a newer version come along.The environment is gorgeous and features the best vegetation and world-building of any game ever (and I'm including the Witcher 3 in that list). Hyper-real for our times and it makes it so easy to get the walking distance achievements because it's such a relaxing place to exist in.The animals look fantastic, the rifle sound, weight and feel is absolutely spot-on and tonights opening session was a joy to play.I do kinda empathise with people about the Tents and Blinds DLC. That should be a part of the base game... in a paid title, I should expect to be able to log back in to the same spot I left and not have to walk from an Outpost again (ala the original FTP). Not a really pleasing sign about EW's intent here but I do appreciate that they need to make money and hey, I got the base-game super cheap.... so suddenly I don't feel that bothered by it and just bought it and edited my review to include this paragraph.Just on that, for the original The Hunter (and I'm not including the abomination that is Primal), I never understood what the fuss was about. You got a game world and a few species you could hunt... why wouldn't everything else cost you something? I bought a pack to get some weapons, then whenever I went back to the game I'd re-up the least expensive license which let me hunt everything for 6 months. This is a 'specialist' game and will attract the right people to it (must like that train sim with multiple thousands of dollars in DLC).Anywho, massive 'yes' from me, this is the definitive digital hunting experience."
76561198351774770,Not Recommended,518790,30474528,Posted: 12 March,all,fearnofish09,This game has great potential but lets keep in mind its supposed to be a game. Reaslism is great and all but come on man the foot steps are so loud that everything within 200yrds just takes off running with one step. So now let me just crouch and crawl in prone for 3hrs to try and get a kill. Its rather annoying. so unless you have all sorts of time to sit down play this game crawling for hrs I wouldnt recommend it.
76561198003596400,Not Recommended,518790,30137569,Posted: 24 February,all,[Nr5] Sdt. Lieutenant,Minor bugs ? HA!dont buy this buggy game..
,Recommended,518790,32073229,Posted: 30 May,all,bobtheweasel,I've thoroughly enjoyed my time with COTW.
,Not Recommended,518790,30929947,Posted: 3 April,all,MagnumDopus,"I don’t understand theHunter: Call of the Wild. That isn’t some philosophical remark, I don’t understand how to play the game. I don’t understand how to hunt effectively. I don’t understand how to stalk an animal properly. I don’t understand why animals want to mate even after having just been shot. I don’t understand why the game is so buggy. I don’t understand how it could have been released in the state it is in. theHunter: Call of the Wild is a bad hunting game, and it doesn’t have anything else going for it.https://tiny-spaceship.com/2017/04/03/thehunter-call-of-the-wild/"
,Not Recommended,518790,30927687,Posted: 3 April,all,Sandur,the spawns of the animals must ne a lat bigger
,Recommended,518790,34131909,Posted: 9 August,all,rivascr22,good game. but needs major optimzation.
,Not Recommended,518790,30346202,Posted: 5 March,all,The Musty Book,Needs work
76561197990384662,Recommended,518790,30325138,Posted: 4 March,all,HeltersKelters,If you played Hunter Classic you will like this.  Just wish they still had tree stands....
76561198262577952,Recommended,518790,33110195,Posted: 1 July,all,^3 ~ Mr.Jackson,"Looking for a chill relaxing game, what kills time.?Are you someone who is patient enough that doesnt take the trigger when you see a animalWell i can say played it for 3 days i have 22 hours already, this game is sickIt is not running and shooting, its relaxing with a high contrast of visualityGame is realistic, animals react like it is real, bought the game when it was on 27 euro'sI quitted playing cs:go and cod cause of this game, man am i happy people made a relaxing gameIn the beginning it can be booring due to the fact that you experience something totally differentI say 8/10 buyable, definitely recommended but only for those who dont want to run and shootJust gonna take time and sometimes evenly wait for  20 minyts befofe taking actions"
76561197971355847,Recommended,518790,30540248,Posted: 16 March,all,diaboulos,"I really don't like killing animals, so I hope there was no animals harmedwhen creating this wonderful game.Highly recommendable game.9/10"
76561198053250445,Recommended,518790,33128333,Posted: 2 July,all,da¬chaos¬exerter,"pro. very good graphics stunning in factcon. glitchy sometimespro. really feel ya kill somethingcon. interface is also glitchy sometimespro. shot a bear in the♥♥♥♥♥not just in the♥♥♥♥♥but right up the♥♥♥♥♥not in the cheek litterally in the♥♥♥♥♥♥con dear, bears and dogs are about all i have shot at so far hope theres more"
,Recommended,518790,30087337,Posted: 21 February,all,zxzc77 [Sparky],"I'll start this off by saying that if you want a full, complete, bugless game, this is not for you. However...I have to say this is the best hunting game I have ever palyed. It's beautiful, it has co-op and although the ui is a bit buggy, all the most important parts work near flawlessly.Likewise, the last few days have proven to me that the devs care at least a little about fixing these bugs and glitches, especially on multiplayer.However this game still has a lot of bugs and glitches, nothing game-breaking so far but still annoying. Thankfully most can be solved by quickly quitting and launching the game again."
76561197991863402,Recommended,518790,30064878,Posted: 20 February,all,Decaymoss,"Pros:1) Beautiful game, best immersion and wild life environment I have ever seen.  Scenery and animals are gorgeous looking.2) Realistic AI.  Animals are incredibly realistic so they are very hard to hunt.  You get a great sense of excitement even killing a small trivial deer.3) Requires a lot of patience, not a game for the rushed arcade players4) Huge map with lots of replayabilityCons:1)  Buggy.  Big game breaking such as game crashes, unable to see the tracks, animals stuck on rocks to small bugs like unable to take picture with camera, etc.2)  High learning curve.3)  Patience, patience, patience, if you expect to shoot animals within half hours or less, this game is not for you.4)  Lack of variation in animals.  Fur color should at least be a bit different.5)  Can be a hog on some computers.  Hunting at night sometimes can put a dip into FPS."
76561197991403395,Recommended,518790,30064245,Posted: 20 February,all,MrSmiley,"This isn't an easy review. As the game still has several bugs and a terrible UI. But the UI is manageable if you are somewhat presistent. It takes a bit of fiddling in order to figure it out. My main annoyance was the fact that I couldn't figure out how to replenish my ammo. Highly annoying in a game where bullets play a key role. Yet in the end I managed.The rest of the game is great. While the scenery is great and the animals behaviour feels realistic, I like the fact that you're not being help by the hand. All hints and tips can be disabled and the game leaves you alone to hunt. That is exactly what I needed on a grey saturday afternoon. Just let me walk and stalk a whitetail deer for 15 minutes, and focus on taking a kill shot. In the same line, the game gives feedback on your shot and hunting skills but again without smashing it in your face. After collecting the kill, you get a type of score board with all the information. Perfectly ignorable, not advisable if you want to become good and are sick of following a blood trail.All in all, I've decided that I like this game. The required focus and yet the casual manner that you're allowed to play in make this a game for casual players and people that really want to master it. I would recommend this game as one of the better hunting games currently out there. But we'll have to be honest and agree that the competition isn't that steep. Adjust your expectations to average and you'll have an enjoyable experience."
76561198088650414,Recommended,518790,31846037,Posted: 19 May,all,Hana Tendou,"Great game, best hunting simulator atm. The graphic is amazing even only hiking around in these great landscapes is an experience. There are still some minor bugs but overall the game works quite nice.+ no micro transaction like the classic version. Well there’s a paid dlc and more will follow I think.However here you buy the dlc once and really own it forever"
76561198158217061,Recommended,518790,31778425,Posted: 15 May,all,AdmiralTigerclaw,"How does one describe what seems to be a freeform, open environment hunting game?In a word: Frustrating.To be fair, I'm not a hunter.  I'm only a moderate firearms geek, and I was looking for something that I could play as a 'relaxed shooter'.  That's what I got.  No twitch reflexes, no tea-bagging online players, no insane aimbots that can pick you off in an eye-blink's reaction time from half way across the map.  Just, something that gave me the satisfaction of finding and shooting moving targets with the relaxation of not having to worry about winning matches, or any other bits of shooter game culture.I picked up this game knowing it was going to thrust me into simulated hunting conditions, maybe with pointers, maybe not.  I walked into this knowing tracking was going to require patience, and good kills were going to be worked for.I was right, and I enjoy it.  Even when the game is frustrating with a half-hour long chase for a shot that only caused minor injury to the animal, I find myself relaxed, but alert and thinking.  And learning a little.The game sports a wonderful environmental engine that immerses you in the gameplay world, placing you in an absolutely colossal area that takes hours to traverse by foot.  You may have looked at screenshots that show pretty landscapes, that's what you get.  Keep in mind the various landscapes are also shot from, at the time of this review, one of two primary maps.But you're not here for screenshots, you're here to hunt.  Like I said, I'm not a hunter.  But I get to experience some of what it's like to BE a hunter, albeit with some helpful HUD overlays (which can be disabled if you so desire), and a virtual 'Huntermate' GPS phone device that seems to operate on an RTG battery (Never recharge your phone again!).  Also, I'm not bogged down with licensing fees, hauling a heavy carcasses back to a truck, or regulated kill limits.  I load up, I stalk, I shoot anything I want, and I call it a day (or night).  No muss, no fuss.I've burned away hours of free time, averaging 20 minutes between animal takedowns and enjoying shots ranging from surprise buckshot, to 300+ yard love taps.  All at my own pace.  No quotas, no time limits, no pressure.The game includes a semi-RPG ish earning system, giving you skills, perks, and money over the course of your hunting to purchase gear and improve your in-game avatar.  So far, it's pretty simple to grind with, so long as you aren't impatient about it.  The animals look nice, if a bit dumb at times, but are actually a bit of a task to reliably approach for good shots.  Not the best AI in existence, but I don't exactly expect sapience.The game IS however full of bugs at this time.  The interface is clunky, the map interacts with the scope zoom settings, and even some of your tools in the game don't want to play nice at times.  Mostly, these don't get in the way too much, but for many of you who aren't tolerant of buggy release practices rampant among independent developers these days, you may want to wishlist this and wait.  Luckily, the devs seem to be moving constantly, even if nobody can agree on what the Dev's priority should really be  (Releasing a paid DLC while a savegame wiping crash bug is still being reported is a bad PR move in anyone's books).But if you're patient, tolerant, and want a casual shooter hunting experience with the freedom of an open world sandbox, don't be afraid to pick this up.  Heck, if you want, this game even makes for a good 'sounds of nature screensaver' since there are no  time pressures to speak of.I look forward to promised additional features in the future, and the cleanup of bugs."
76561198172842777,Recommended,518790,31782796,Posted: 16 May,all,㋛ Ting Ting ツ,"Only bagged 20+ hours in this game since the weekend when I purchased it, got to say I'm loving the challenge this game presents and to only get better from the great devs here :) thanks for an epic game!!! And no SALT lol :))"
76561198104783429,Recommended,518790,34162976,Posted: 11 August,all,dragonflame80,Fun and adictive
76561198300695439,Recommended,518790,34176846,Posted: 11 August,all,DANGERTGM,"so far i like it but i cant realy say. i bought the game because it was on sale, only to findout my dule core could not run it. PLEASE OPTIMIZE!!!!"
76561198127474486,Recommended,518790,31880888,Posted: 21 May,all,LightFootLee,if your paitent this game is awsome for hunting without having to smell like verious types of animal urine :)seriously though this game is a ton of fun
76561198144603356,Recommended,518790,31790254,Posted: 16 May,all,shannon.clemans,"This sim is merely potential... It is missing A LOT of fundemental gameplay elements to really be considered a respectable hunting sim. The graphics are amazing as far as environmental quality and yes, the maps are sufficient in size, but there is no ethics system...  I don't like hunting games that suggest that players just kill everything in sight. In most cases, real world hunting is mired heavily in rules and regulations. To really get a respectable real world account of things, there must be a licensing system... season system... area code so as to ba allowed to hunt in your designated area etc..further more it should incude field dressing, more extensive weapon and gear set up... like scope mounts that allow use of sights via high mount, see through rings. Picatinny rail mounts and quick release, Bipods and bipod sticks,  rain gaurds, glare gaurds, butt stock ammo carriers (players should only be allowed to carry as much as they could in real life) slings, workbenches and tools. That brings me to my next subject. Game needs to include gun maintenence such as cleaning and bore sighting. It would also be soooo much more immersive if you'd incude vehicles and camping gear-tents for rest and save points, campfres and cooking and all other types of survival gameplay. Also, more complete subsumption system for game (animal) NPC. I recomend only because its a good foundation but needs a lot of work."
,Recommended,518790,31770903,Posted: 15 May,all,Hikedc,very nice quality and material NICE!
76561198008627182,Recommended,518790,31784374,Posted: 16 May,all,Adam,"Love the single player version of this game. What I do not like is the fact I paid £35.00 instead of £30.00 so that I could have a scent hound. What they don't tell you though, is the scent hound is only available for online use, which I am not interested in. I would idealy like my money back for the scent hound nonsence, as in the store it mentioned nothing about an online version. Otherwise i'm happy with the single player game."
,Recommended,518790,30181805,Posted: 25 February,all,Sweggles The Man Moose,I really like this game its awesome! currently it is pretty buggy but the current bugs don't have much of an effect on gameplay the only problem I have with this game is the god awful picture taking missions they are incredibly stupid you have to get like 5 feet away from the animals and take the picture but other than that awesome game! Would recoomend to any hunting gmae fans unless you would rather play one of those Cabella's Wii games lmao
76561197976882474,Recommended,518790,29978590,Posted: 16 February,all,Sean,"Everything I wanted from a hunter game. Great graphics as well. Has a few technical issues at the moment that could range from minor to game breaking, but this developer has a fairly good history of patching so hopefully these issues will get fixed soon. 10/10 otherwise."
76561198186755578,Recommended,518790,30662764,Posted: 21 March,all,FH-Divinci,"Well here goes for my first ever review.... 22nd of the 3rdHonestly as soon as i began to play this game i felt it hands down needs a good thumbs up added to the reviews section!TheHunter Call Of The Wild is such a supurb game, although i dont have stacks of hours yet since i have not long had the game, it gets me hooked for hours on end!what i really love is how incredibly amazing the world looks, from the different times of the day, sun position with god rays beaming through tree lines, golden hour at the end of the day as you slowly make your way across an open cornfield to the dense forests with heavy downpour... It all looks so incredble and then as you are making you way through the land you have all the ambient sounds that sound so crisp and real, i found myself many times just walking, taking in the scenery and listening to all the ambient sounds, the wind gusts, birds chirping in the trees, the crunch as you trudge through the different types of ground. i get so lost in the atmosphere and kind of just zone out on what im actually meant to be doing...... and then you hear a warning call and some footsteps from one of the many animals in the game and you instantly get your game face on, trying to move slowly and silently towards the direction of the sounds you are hearing while trying not to spook the animal into running away. Binoculars out trying to get a tag and some information about what you are about to shoot, you crouch down and get your rifle out, line up your shoot through your scope waiting for the animal to turn broadside for that perfect shot on the lungs/heart and you squeeze the trigger to hear one of the best gunshot sounds you will ever hear in a game, honestly! the crack roars across the landscape echoing into the distance while you watch to see if you dropped the animal on the spot or if it still has some fight left in it and begins running off and then you start to track it to its final resting place to claim your trophy.I honestly have hardly come across any flaws in this game except for when an animal is trying to run they will sometimes get stuck in between two tree's running on the spot, while it gives you an easy trophy you somewhat have to feel bad for taking such a cheap shot. other then that this is an amazing game and definitely worth investing the money into the game, it will satisfy you greatly.It can be a bit slow at times but that is all apart of it, dont expect to be just running flat out everywhere shooting everything you see. Because the animals as you know it have much better hearing and sight then you and will forever run away from you and you will leave empty handed every time, patience is the number 1 key in this game and when you finally get that kill it is so worth it and satisfying.There is a great range of weapons and items to choose, from rifles, handguns, compound bows, shotguns and then you have your different types of ammunition to many types of animal callers and scent sprays to lure animals to you when sitting up in a tower or ground hide.You also have standard binoculars which you can upgrade to a range finder and then a set of binos with a range finder built into them.There is plenty of content to work towards and unlock so you are insure many hours of gameplay, plus all the skill and perk tree's to unlock and help you track animals that bit easier.Definitely recommend this game 10/10Ignore the bad reviews saying it is a buggy game and it runs really bad because it seriously doesn't at the time of writing this review"
76561198141962161,Not Recommended,518790,34706470,Posted: 3 September,all,ＣＯＯＬＥ　ＧＡＳＴ,"In my opinion, this game has the potency to be really relaxing. The nature is gorgeous in this game, which is very relaxing. Although this game can be relaxing at some times, most of the time that I've played this game I was trying to track a deer, which I couldn't find after more than three hours of tracking. When I started to play the game the next day I found a ""herd"" of deers, which were very easy to kill. I wanted to experience the real hunting experience, which I didn't because it is either to hard to track an animal or either to easy to kill them...I also experienced a bug: when I started the game, you can see animal footprints everywhere, which is a good thing, because that is how it should be. But after a while, the footprints began to dissapear and I couldn't select the footprints either. Because of this I wasn't able to track animals anymore, which was really irritating.Well, this is my opinion based on my experience with this game. Hopefully you guys may find this helpfull."
76561198135036635,Not Recommended,518790,34494491,Posted: 25 August,all,slowridegco,Bugs not getting fixed. waste of $ as it seems this is more just a platform for experimentation for improvement to classic than a stand alone game. Devs launched this game long before it should have been. When you track an animal with very high blood loss and is at 0-25% health for 4 game hrs it's time to find a new game.
76561198353497034,Not Recommended,518790,30024358,Posted: 18 February,all,brehmy123,"Im very aggrivated with this game i tried multiple times to adjust key bindings so i can shoot but there is no shoot key apparently, so i cant shoot my gun or use any calls. if anybody has any advice please help me"
,Recommended,518790,32646423,Posted: 22 June,all,WeazelBear,"I decided to bite the bullet and purchase this game after having an eye on it for quite some time. First and foremost, this is not a full-on simulation, it certainly has a flavor of arcade to it. That doesn't really detract from the game for me, a lover of simulations. Graphically it is amazing. The way the trees act with the wind and weather are fantastic. The way the clouds move over the sun and darken the landscape is wonderful and something I've never seen in a game before. The weather is great as well. The sound design is on point and really helps you feel in tuned with your surroundings. The shooting has been a little clunky, but not in a way that breaks immersion. I haven't played much, but I do intend to further my review as I progress. I have not purchased the DLC, because it looks really shallow from a content perspective and should have been included in the base game."
,Recommended,518790,34157803,Posted: 10 August,all,Captain Kirk,Good hunting game but. Could you please improve the frame rate. Also the quad should be albe to push down tiny shrubs not crashing into them. And in the future please add more animals to hunt and maybe new maps. There are a ton of bugs that really needs fixing.
,Not Recommended,518790,32727025,Posted: 24 June,all,Ether,Why can't I kill those ♥♥♥♥ing boars?!!
76561198245201734,Recommended,518790,29969675,Posted: 16 February,all,ChimboJH,Cheaper than Thehunter classic
76561197960433427,Recommended,518790,30062439,Posted: 20 February,all,Jonte,"A really cool sequel to TheHunter, nice graphics and a much more modern feel with the upgraded engine."
76561198160531892,Recommended,518790,30102252,Posted: 22 February,all,Hantar,"I bought the antler rattle caller and in the shop it says ""owned"", but i can´t find it in my inventory?:("
76561198039476923,Recommended,518790,29988811,Posted: 17 February,all,Foggy,"Great sim, true to the original in most respects.   A few minor bugs, but nothing that ruined my 4-hour long hunt (at least not until the very end, but more on that later).   Nice graphics, an environment that pulls you in and a nice change of pace from fast-paced shooters.   Was in a tower and shot downwards at a really nice buck, missed his vitals and spent the next couple of hours stalking him.  Finally got him well after dark, what a task.   It reminded me of the original game in that you really felt like you'd been on a hunt and had created a memory that you want to share with others that play the game.I only experienced these bugs, and most didn't create any issues in playing/enjoying the game, as I know they will be fixed soon:- My gun makes no noise when fired, you see the smoke and the recoil and it hits the animal, but no sound- My animal calls/lures only make sound once every 5 or 6 times they are used- There was a thin line on my GPS in the map and when I approached it there was an invisible wall I couldn't pass.  At first I thought maybe I had hit the edge of the map, but it was close to the start.  Had to walk along the invisible wall for about 20 feet before it let me pass, then I went back to see if it was still there and it had cleared- The only bad bug (that would affect gameplay in a major way) is when I hit around midnight in-game all of the animals froze.   I was trying to call in a buck that I'd heard and I saw his harem first (the does) and they wouldn't move.  The buck kept calling and I waited several minutes before I figured out that they were stuck.  I approached them all and they could look around, but not move in any direction.  Luckily, this was at the end of my 4-hour initial session.Despite the early flaws, this game is fantastic.   I had been waiting a long time for a new version of this game and it was worth the wait..."
76561198091130681,Recommended,518790,29996563,Posted: 17 February,all,Slaytanic.420,"its got great potential,its just got a few minor bugs and hopefully the devs fix.but its a great looking game and the animals look really done well also.if you like these types of games or are a real life hunter like myself then you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,518790,30061886,Posted: 20 February,all,levanteri,im enjoying the game. it looks awesome and the gameplay is good in my opinion. there are some grafical bugs such as seeing the insides of my rifle after shooting. Theres is really only one thing that botheres me: some of the stads can't be built for some reason. No matter where on the pile of planks i look it doesent show the build option (this is an issue only with some of the stands) PLS FIX THIS
,Recommended,518790,30096841,Posted: 22 February,all,KJaro™,Really good graphics. But a bit hard to play.
76561198327877732,Recommended,518790,30015966,Posted: 18 February,all,DIRTY_NAPALM,Game is kind of bland equipment wise at the moment. Looking forward to additional content. I just hope I don't have to pay more for it.
,Recommended,518790,30095958,Posted: 22 February,all,Pilika,"Really good hunting game to be honest, since Cabela's Big Game Hunter for PSXbut too buggy i think.. butthere's always room for improvementand.. dont release paid dlc, or you'll lose many customers/fan"
76561198030289079,Recommended,518790,30062586,Posted: 20 February,all,Kwik Kicks,"Stunning visuals & a challenging experiance when tracking and hunting various animals.All pros outweigh any cons with this game.I am really enjoying playing single player, but switching to multiplayer to play with friends is super easy and everything I have explored stays that way and I do not need to start over to play with friends I just continue from where I was."
,Recommended,518790,30368182,Posted: 6 March,all,߷TheSpoi߷,"While this game shows a x button on a controller to do an ection inm like ""Ok ill just press the x button on my keyboard OH WAIT! i dont have a circled button with the letter x on my keyboard THANKS GAME!""fhml"
,Recommended,518790,35352178,Posted: 30 September,all,Beer,"I am a seasoned Vet to the Hunter Classic/Primal.To all the haters out there talking trash on paying 3 dollars for the 4x4 :   Get a job.It's realistic, the 4x4 is not that buggy pardon the pun, you just have to know how to drive. Most people don't know a ♥♥♥♥ing clue about driving from my experience, as I drive for a living and get to see them. This game is way harder/ more realistic in its hunting experience, it takes a lot more dedication to get a harvest. my buddy Joe Rogan and Cam Hanes agree this ...so far... is the best most realistic hunting simulation available to date.Embrace the Suck, Ruck up, and Move forward."
76561198232464112,Recommended,518790,33179904,Posted: 3 July,all,FriendlyPhantom!!,great game
,Recommended,518790,34809836,Posted: 8 September,all,Mundog,"Sick Shooting game, Gun shots give me a headache Lmao"
76561198167832964,Recommended,518790,34119689,Posted: 9 August,all,Philipwm,I really love this game theres all you need for a hunting game its almost too realistic if you have the wind at back they will smell you Doe's Roe's or Fox's or opposite if you have the wind towards you they wont know you are coming this is definetely one of the best purchase's i've ever done + It came out on my birthday :D
76561198244366978,Recommended,518790,34121735,Posted: 9 August,all,[NLA]GodChrist,"i bought this game and played it for 11 hours straight, never been hunting but now i feel like i have, definitely buy the dlc, this game is sickkkkk haha.                                                                                                  EDIT: I have played this game for over 70 hours and it is definitely fun with friends, can't get kinda tiring alone but there is plenty of people to meet online."
76561198306446453,Recommended,518790,31389640,Posted: 27 April,all,jbatch90,"Great game well made, refinement of some wildlife actions and general animations would be nice to see, hopefully some additional content in the near future would be nice to see (new firearms, ammo, clothinh etc)."
76561198031126820,Recommended,518790,32344858,Posted: 11 June,all,Mooncatt,"Well, what can i say about this game. im gonna start with how well my pc runs it.I run an i5 devils canyon cpu OC to 4.8ghz, GTX 770 card and 16gb corsair vengeance RAM.I can't run this game on max settings, my card is too old lol. But i have been a little unhappy with the graphics on this game, i.e when moving, they graphics are VERY grainy. when motionless its awesome. ive also seen a lot of people complain about this too. A solution to this is to use a 3rd party program which ive heard helps. I didnt want to do this as i feel i shouldnt need to. I messed about for ages with the settings trying to find another solution....i found one. I play on a 42"" sony bravia tv (1080p) no amount of graphics changing got rid of the problem, until i changed my TV settings and lowered the sharpness. problem pretty much solved.Anyway, back to the game. well not to put too finer point on it its bloody amazing. The immersion, the gameplay are all totally unreal! I hunt in real life and this is what im comparing it to.There are missions and also side missions to complete for extra XP and creds. they start off pretty easy but they do get really hard. e.g shoot a red fox with a bow....sounds easy right? not when you cant see the bleeding things in the first place coz they like dense foliage! not to mention the fact that the range of the bow is shorter than jimmy cranky! another 2 spring to mind. harvest a white tail deer at over 150m...again sounds east....not when there is a whole amazon rain forest in you way!. the last one is take a photo (and there are a few ""take a photo mission"") of two bears, hard when you only ever see one on their own. But, these are ""challenges"" for a reason! and they give the game some longevity along with the massive XP needes at over level 15 to level up or aquire perk points.I would like to point out that to people new to hunting... of any kind... that this is not a game you can play just for half an hour! it takes time.....and a lot of it! ive played now for about 55 hours and im still no where near opening up even one reserve! I think a lot of people that dont know how to hunt or are new to it are gonna find this game very frustrating. for e.g...there is a lot of dense forest and foliage. hunting like this is hard, but as i discovered there are a lot of open fields and lakes to find and this is where to hunt.the bad points...Like any game there are bugs, and im sorry to say there are quite a few of them in this one. But the game is relatively new and the Devs are releasing patches all the time. here is what ive found...sometimes you hit an animal and it leaves no blood trail or any tracks (new to me as of the last patch)sometimes you hit an animal and despite the vital wound and huge blood loss rate it never diessometimes you will hear an animal call and there will be no direction indicator.sometimes your weapons will vanish from your hands and cant get them back (fix...go into inventory and swap your weapon to a new slot and back again....problem solved)The user interface isnt too friendly, it takes a while to learn how to equip rounds and scopes etc i cant understand why bullets that are bought are not automatically added.I also dont like the map. most of the time when you pull the map up its zoomed in on the out edges of the map....why cant it automatically be centered on your position?there are prolly other things i cant think of off the top of my head as i write this.There are a variety of weapons in the game from hand guns, rifles, shotguns and bows. There are also 2 different rounds for each rifle (not sure about the shotguns as i dont use them that often) but in reality there are sooo many more varieties of rounds and i wish they would put this in the game too. As you start the game you are given a .243 which in all honesty is all you will ever need...until you start coming across bison and bears. the .243 will kill them but you are going to be tracking your animal for quite a while until it bleeds out. the next rifle is the .270 which will put down pretty much most things. im currently using the 7mm and its good enough for anything, i see other people on youtube using the .338 rangemaster buts its very expensive and when looking at the stats it isnt that much better than the 7mm. actually when i think about it? there isnt a big enough gulf between the rifles to warrant spending huge amounts of in game moneyto buy anything above the 7mm...even the .270 is good enough.so my conclusion....the game needs work but as it stands it is very very good. It needs more rifles and bullet variations and the in game graphics (grainy stuff) needs eliminating. the perks and skill tree also needs work, some of the perks you will never need. e.g the bullets tend not to be affected by wind (from what i can see) etc but there is a perk that shows you wind direction and speed (not for you own scent, this is built in already on the compass)  there is another one for weather too...again i see no real reason to have this because the games in built weather isnt severe enough to warrant having this skill at all. There are other things i might mention but id be nit-picking.so if i had not bought this yet, would i buy? hell yes. despite the few niggles overall its a fantastic game and a must have for any hunter enthusiast. I really hope they add more reserves to hunt and more weapons and bullet variations.90/100"
76561198131084982,Recommended,518790,31849749,Posted: 19 May,all,Tbio92,Very good Game. I recommend it. The best hunting game that I have played.
76561198027774868,Recommended,518790,32337416,Posted: 11 June,all,THE50PLUSGAMER,As a Streamer i find this game very enjoyable yes this has some issue but the devlopers sre working round the clock to fix and complete game play contents .....i would recamend this to any gamer as a great  game for friends and team gamersYAH-READY looking forward to more hours of playhttps://www.twitch.tv/the50plusgamer
,Recommended,518790,35252201,Posted: 27 September,all,DoctorVapor,"I can sit for hours playing this game and never tire of it.  Stalking game will keep your heart pumping.  You never know what is around the corner, down a valley, or behind the trees just up ahead.  This is not a fast paced game, you need patients.  Animals will not come up to you waiting to be shot.  Stalking is fun, but I like to sit in the bushes and call my targets to me before the harvest.  This game is totally worth the price.  Yes, there are a few bugs, but it's nothing that is going to annoy any normal adult.You also need good senses to play this game.  Most targets are heard long before they are seen.  Using a headset will let you know what direction the animal is coming from.  Sometimes the animals strike back.  I've been mauled by a bear, and run over by elk.Check this game out.  I don't think you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,518790,31838991,Posted: 19 May,all,Blightholtz,"In contrast to the original theHunter this game can be classed as an arcade hunting game. Sure, you'll be doing A LOT of walking in order to get to the look-out points and the camps, but you'll be having a wonderful view while doing so.I really like this game. The graphics are absolutely stunning and is really what caused me to buy it on top of the classic theHunter.However - there are a few things that kind of break the deal for me:- It's very hard to determine the distance to an animal's footsteps. They're very loud already when you first hear them, and the animal could be over 100 meters away but the sounds makes you think they're right in front of you. Would be nice to actually determine how far away they are if you don't see them.- The UI is still kind of clunky and doesn't feel like it's been worked on a whole lot. The feedback when you move around the menus is kind of lacking.- A game with linear progression like this one shouldn't have ""New game"" on the main menu as you rarely want to reset your progress unless you're right at the beginning and want to start over with a fresh load of ammo. When the game launched ""New game"" didn't reset your progress and instead let you think that you were simply starting a new session with your previously played/leveled character. After the first patch that was not the case and I lost about 10 hours of exploration. (say your little brother decides to play on your character and selects New Game, that will reset your entire character. New Game or Reset Profile should only be located in the game options or similar so that it can't be selected by accident.)- Multiplayer won't let you explore the game as much as single-player. The host of the game is the only player allowed to ""discover"" new locations to be able to fast-travel there at a later time. This kind of defeats the purpose of exploring in multiplayer if you're not the host.- In comparison to theHunter Classic I find it hard to know if my hit is going to be a vital one or not, you can be on point with a double lung shot or a heart shot and the animal will still run away and give you a quite low bonus for hit location. I guess distance to the target will lower the impact of the shot, but it just feels less fun that in the original game.Overall I'd say this game is a 7/10 as it has quite a few bugs that will impact your immersion. Let's hope that future patches will straighten those out and improve the gameplay experience even further."
76561198032864490,Recommended,518790,31850222,Posted: 19 May,all,Whiteman,I like the game. to spend time hunting. Hope New and better updates come.
76561198129663108,Not Recommended,518790,29972309,Posted: 16 February,all,shock,Honest review? If you are a classic player and you like how it is set up dont buy this... I have been playing classic for over 3 years now and I will never ever EVER even compare these two games. Yes I know it is supposed to be a different style game but they legit shoved their hand up the Cabelas hunting games butt and pulled out COTW. Sure you can turn off some of the tutorials and stuff but its still not the same. I have a decent PC and could only run this game on medium/high with anywhere from 30-70 fps. Hands down the worst game I've hyped up in a longggg time! Have fun if you end up buying this junk.
76561198014285252,Not Recommended,518790,29973563,Posted: 16 February,all,UKRAINE IS RUSSIA,Call of Duty: Deer Warfare
76561198085996997,Not Recommended,518790,31912912,Posted: 22 May,all,Superman,Does not support Chinese
76561198179381499,Not Recommended,518790,30017941,Posted: 18 February,all,RedRock3t82,"UPDATE AS OF 2/26/17... the latest patch fixed my crashing/game breaking bug for about a full day of playing.  Same as before with the bug beginning very irregularly, but progressing to the point where I am unable to play 5 minutes of this game before freezing up my PC and having to shut everything down.  Would really like to play devs.UPDATE AS OF 2/28/17...10 days after launch and still cannot play.  Good news is they pinged me with a live stream announcment so I can watch the game i cannot play, that I payed money for, that i cannot run past 60 seconds after loading in.  Great.Ok guys Im going for the honest no salt review here.  I will also start with the bad because Im hoping it all gets fixed.  Its not a totally negative review so keep reading.THE BAD - I cant play.  At about ~24 hours in I had found some bugs, most it did not take too much effort to find work arounds but at that 24 hour mark it tanked.  30 minutes into a play session I had my first major crash... game froze, audio loop playing the same half second of audio over and over, and I couldnt even exit to the desktop or use task manager to shut it down.  Had to turn off the PC completely and fire it back up.  The next playthrough the same thing happened in about 5 minutes... rinse and repeat this until I could get ZERO time in before locking up.  I uninstalled/reinstalled and this got me through about 3 hours of gameplay and then all the previous stuff I mentioned happened all over again.  Like I said, I cannot play.  I have a nice set up and really the only thing different from my rig than most others is the SLI.  Im at a loss on this one and its frustrating.THE GOOD - This game is a plesant mix of sim and arcade.  There are enough moments of ""nothing"" to make it seem like a sim, but theres also enough going on to keep it from getting boring.... to all the hardcore sim guys out there, hunting for a week in real life not killing anything is still entertaining, doing it in a game is lame and no one would play that.  The graphics are not ground breaking but the lighting, effects, and scale of things make it seem more polished than it probably is (its pleasant walking through the forrest).  As far as the hunter classic went I thought that was a garbage game, I thought it looked like trash, played about the same, and the pay model was a complete rip off.  This game on the other hand is worth the asking price as long as they fix what is above.  Not that it has much competition but it quickly became my favorite hunting game.THE MEH - The sound, no surround option, why WHY!?  Random light glitchyness and mildly annoying bugs.  The menus, specifically the loadout/store menu is really unpolished.  It also wont save my settings.THE I WISH - I wish there was a visual difference in the animal racks, not just small and big along with an arbitrary ""trophy score"" once you harvest the animal.  I wish there was 4wheelers.  I wish small game hunting mattered (cannot harvest upon killing/no XP).  I wish guns were more true to life with their penetration instead of the arcady ""weapon balance"" to make different calibers arbitrarily matter.  I wish there was a hardcore mode so the sim guys could get their fix along with much more of a challenge.  I wish there was waterfowl hunting... and upland birds... and hunting dogs, please give us some quail and grouse."
76561198131991643,Not Recommended,518790,31005336,Posted: 7 April,all,TheHippieBatman,"This Game is FULL of Glitches that will drive you insane. They should ALL be fired. I have so many issues, I don't even know were to start. I WANT MY MONEY BACK YOU STUPID♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ YOU!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30049091,Posted: 19 February,all,crazystone65,1 when you got to buy anything it cost way to much it is bad. 2 when yyou shot something it dose not kill it. 3 when you have to track something some time it go a round it owen trackand you lose it. 4 you lose the track too. 5 it takes way too long to get poits to buy anything to ues to hunt with. i hope you can fix all of this so i can play it. so i will go back to the hunter that one is more fun to play.
76561198403513105,Not Recommended,518790,35006456,Posted: 16 September,all,thecatzpajamas,"It's really slow paced. Your in this absolutely huge map and your character moves so slow even while sprinting.I wanted to like it because visually it is nice but with how slow it is combined with a lack of a good tutorial and various bugs, it just wasn't worth the money.If it goes on sale for more than half off then maybe buy it, but honestly I would probably buy it again and never play it."
76561198047423232,Not Recommended,518790,29972607,Posted: 16 February,all,(+CG+) BigWitz,Graphics are horrendous.I see no difference between this and Classic that's 8 years old.
,Recommended,518790,31680878,Posted: 11 May,all,lakku,"This game in my opinion is really underrated. Here's my quick review and summary also after 22 hours of gameplay without complaining about one freaking DLC that seems to be 90% of the reviews.Get this game if you want:- Something peaceful- Challenge- Peace of mind- Exciting moments- Immerse yourselfDon't buy this game if you don't have/or want:- Patience- Run & gun- Don't like simulators- Can't afford 4€ for a DLCMy review below:Years ago I tested theHunter - free to play game. I didn't like it, I was younger & playing totally different games. Now that simulators and games that require patience are mostly the games I play, I'm in love with this. First day I bought this I played freaking 12 hours straight, I haven't played a game that long when I was a teenager.theHunter - Call of the Wild is a steal at this price in my opinion. The visuals & landscape is stunning and immersive. I had no problem running this game around 100 FPS @ Ultra. No stuttering, quick loads and 0 crashes. I'm stunned that there's even a game like this out. Audio design, holy hell, it's perfect. Hearing the thunder roar startled me for the first time, rain fall from the sky and all the sounds of the forest. It is absolutely the best sound design I've heard in years. Everything ranging from weather, guns to animals.Gameplay is simple to learn but some elements such as sneaking and being the perfect stalker & ambusher is hard to master. It's mostly about trial and error. There are some elements I really MISS such as free look (please, give me a reason to press Alt). Gunplay is a disappointment though, what this game needs is proper zeroing. Having to adjust your scope & sights with just a simple Pg Up or Pg Down button would be great. I know there's a skill for it but it only gives two ranges, short & long. This really in my opinion makes the rangefinder useless. I hope in the future patches they improve upon this.AI of the animals is pretty 50/50 at this point. They sometimes (really rare) get stuck on the rocks and become an easy kill at this point. If you kill at one area, the animals will avoid it, I don't know how long the timer is but it's usually marked with purple color on the map. I've had a spot for two days where I killed 4 fallow deers and I haven't seen any animals anymore around the area. They avoid it like a plague. Aggressive animals are sometimes pretty confusing such as the european bison, surely it would attack or be more aggressive towards you if they notice you & you shoot them. The AI needs to be MORE dangerous!Content itself, if you buy this game, what will you do? You can do the story & side missions. You can even disable them if you just want to hunt, progress on levels & skills and unlock new weapons. Love photography? You can take AMAZING screenshots in this game. This game is more for mature audience than your average mainstream gamer. Try to find the rarest animals, albinos, get best scores or medals on kills. This game is pure trophy hunting and improving your skills. Trial and error. Don't lose your patience, it took me a whole day just to do the mission where you have to kill a red fox with a bow. It felt so good when I got the shot.Few things that annoyed me though in the beginning were the skill trees and the perks. Some of the skills & perks are so obvious in hunting that they should be on first tiers or at tier 0. The tiers atm are kinda messed up imo, they could look into this and fix them.A quick note about the multiplayer. Me and my friend tried it. There's no desync problems or anything, it works smooth, you can hop in and out easily. There was something wrong though that the user interface started bugging for both of us. Stucked messages that only occurred in multiplayer. At this point, I really don't have an opinion about the multiplayer side of this game. Mostly I could not see myself playing this game with anyone else though, it's my own zen simulator. Hunting has always fascinated me and the patience it needs. I think I have found a new gaming genre which also to follow along with milsims & survival games.Future hopes that the devs will actually do:- More maps- More animals- More guns (give me a Mosin Nagant!!)- Winter landscape- Desert landscape? Would be interesting!Rating: 8.0/10Good job developers! Keep on improving the game and adding more content.PS EDIT before someone loses their♥♥♥♥♥♥and starts giving me threats:Yeah I know, the fuss about the DLC is that it's a good feature and should have been a free update or a main feature in the game before release. What can you do? A one DLC doesn't ruin a good game and one mistake.NOTE: I have encountered only a handful bugs, people say that this game is buggy. Where are all my crashes & bugs man?"
,Not Recommended,518790,30045130,Posted: 19 February,all,Ditters,Glitches and such aside this game would be amazing if they hadnt tried to patch a stupid RPG system on to it.  Sadly they did and its terrible.  Also the maps....here is a super detailed topographical map but uhh..we didnt bother to put any of the outposts on it because well oops I guess?  Well anyway ill be your park ranger and i have a direct link right in to your brain.  Im super proud of these cabins I built for you hunter guys but like...dont ask me where they are.  I wont tell you.  Ever.
76561198065969277,Recommended,518790,29962722,Posted: 16 February,all,*GSA*® Nick,I love this game the sounds the scenery so beautiful but i hope all the bugs and problems will be fix
,Not Recommended,518790,34124603,Posted: 9 August,all,SpookyDiaboliC,"not really too great, very slow, animations are bad, taking off a scope is literally just making it disapear, it's a hard grind to get anything early and the movement speed again just adds to the frustration of playing, sure I expected it to be a hill to climb to get what I wanted, for lack of a better word. But I don't recommend."
76561198106126319,Not Recommended,518790,34422713,Posted: 22 August,all,Xz Leviathan zX,This game literally does nothing but crash on me. Waste of $30.
76561198322470411,Not Recommended,518790,33038662,Posted: 30 June,all,Ba Boom,I would not recommend this game because the aiming is out of whack and the animals are not realistic and if you don't have the tag it takes a long time to get any were and is just not fun after about 10 minutes and the multi player is just as bad because you can't find the other people
76561198068273937,Not Recommended,518790,32722514,Posted: 24 June,all,Dr.FragensteinM.D.,"This game is buggd beyond repair. Here's my specs i7 7700k oc'd to 4.8ghz with corsair h1001 v2 liquid cooling, 16gb corsar vengence lpx ddr4, asus strix 1070 8gb ddr5, asus rog hero 9 mother board. This game launches but upon loading levels it crashes every single time regardless of what level I choose and ultra to low settings. All 350+ games i have run on ultra except this game... it doesn't run at all. I have tried all provided solutions from the bug reporting forum and still the same issue. 2 hours of testing, 30 minutes in game of restarting and restarting and I'm done. Refund requested. Don't bother with this one guys, lots of other fun games out here that actually work..."
,Not Recommended,518790,33734759,Posted: 22 July,all,cuozzon,not a good game at all do NOT waste your money on it like I did... I would rate it a 2/10
76561198090571635,Recommended,518790,34112927,Posted: 8 August,all,nya nya sans,iss alrightlooks good tho
,Not Recommended,518790,34508355,Posted: 26 August,all,ramyland_maelstrom,abysmal fps - thats all you need to know...
76561198085413007,Not Recommended,518790,34362380,Posted: 19 August,all,ziggy17trojans,"After tracking a deer with a high blood loss shot to the heart for miles, somehow I was trampled to death by deer. Unistall...."
76561198035206378,Recommended,518790,31429897,Posted: 28 April,all,Zuleica,"Love this game! Can't stop playing it.At least in SP I personally don't see game-breaking bugs.The graphics are stunning.I felt compelled to give a positive review because of all the negative reviews over a $4 DLC. It isn't a one time use item but a permanent item and it's not required in any way to make progress in the game. It's convenience only.The devs promised no ""microtransactions"", not no DLCs. I personally consider a microtransation something that you pay for and has a limited use, this is not that.The game is good and promises to be even better as new content and maps are released."
76561198287410111,Recommended,518790,31443025,Posted: 29 April,all,Jake,One of the most beautiful games I have ever seen! There are bugs but hopefully those will be fixed in time. The multiplayer is one of the best parts to this game and the huge world is amazing. This could easily be a walking simulator because of how pretty to look at it is. One thing that worries me though is that DLC are being released before the bugs are getting fixed and that means the devs aren't putting their effort to fix the games problems.
,Recommended,518790,30188165,Posted: 25 February,all,merkl,It sounds good
76561198052644877,Not Recommended,518790,35452846,Posted: 3 October,all,Niteyes,"I dont like the way how the UI is set up. The game mechanics totally sucks, the other hunter game is 1000% better. Sorry two thumbs down."
76561198038302560,Recommended,518790,34061469,Posted: 6 August,all,ShufflingMonkey,"highly recommend getting this on sale! and when u do, get the DLC!they need to fix alot of things first before it becomes a good game thats worth the value it is atm, but right now, its playable, but u will come across alot of just annoying bugs! nothing really major but just ones that will do your head in!read discussions first before purchase! u will see that it is truely a beautiful game, and has HUGE potential. however, it is only early access, its got a long way to go to make younger and less impatient gamers want to get this game!DO NO BUY IF YOU ARE IMPATIENT! VERY GRINDING GAME!"
76561198003424587,Not Recommended,518790,30269257,Posted: 1 March,all,Sergdor,As of right now I have to give this game a no for two reason.  After walking for 15 minutes in my friend online game I attempted to get in the treestand with him and was killed and sent back to where we started from.  Additionally there needs to be an additional way of quickly traveling around the map.I have had issues with the graphics when the game is in windowed mode where the mouse pointer does not line up with the screen options limiting my ability to purchse items from the store and conduct game activities.  I hope this game the best and with some updates this could be a great hunting experience.
,Recommended,518790,33051736,Posted: 30 June,all,Arthunik,very good
76561198019741162,Not Recommended,518790,30634214,Posted: 20 March,all,mcmuff,Developer please respond. Im not sure if this is a bug or me just being an idiot either way it should be addressed. Alot of the times when playing i cannot pull any items out of my inventory. Like ill click the 1 button for my rifle and it will show the bullets at the bottom but the weapon does not go on screen. Im enjoying the game probably not worth 30 dollars. Also you gotta have so much patience.
,Recommended,518790,31072519,Posted: 10 April,all,Swanson,d
76561198307039996,Recommended,518790,34027791,Posted: 4 August,all,Alwz,plese add more map!! more animals!!  more dlc!!!!     I will definitely buy it.
,Not Recommended,518790,32689519,Posted: 23 June,all,iGoofy Farmskins.com,"very slow gameplay, need walk too much"
,Recommended,518790,30011575,Posted: 18 February,all,Jared,"Great experience with this game so far (5.6 hours). I’ve discovered no game breaking bugs, as well as zero crashes. Developers are quick to patch the bugs that others have already reported. It’s a shame that those who left negative reviews will likely not return for another chance. People are so delicate these days and expect perfection on the first day."
76561198153131216,Not Recommended,518790,30095777,Posted: 22 February,all,[TEC]Viper,"I'm a huge fan of ""the hunter"" series! But are you srs? I would love to play this game! But i can't. I've seen streamers & friends play it with ease. But i've also seen people have the same issue as i have.My issue :Max settings : 10 fpsMedium settings : 10 fpsLowest settings : 10fps10/10 ""lul the jokes"" would refund again.I might buy it again if this gets fixed since i love the series so much."
76561198307590988,Recommended,518790,29989849,Posted: 17 February,all,Hardlyworking,everything was good just couldnt put in 4k resolution   stuck on 1080 hopefully later they can fix so i caN GET AGIAN
76561198128206703,Not Recommended,518790,34210758,Posted: 13 August,all,chewfungus,The only game that requires you to buy DLC to be asian. About to sue this company for racism....
76561198207237271,Not Recommended,518790,30432461,Posted: 10 March,all,yosko537,sucks i want a refund but steams not giving me one
76561198039838250,Not Recommended,518790,30186847,Posted: 25 February,all,Simbrave,"This is a beautiful game. No microtraction~~~~No microtraction!!! the mouse control is very smooth ( i don't think it is tied to frame rate at all). But at current state, it lacks contents. So please, add more contents and fix the bugs before you pushing for DLCs. I will review it once game develope a bit more, an early access title should be in the game for now."
,Not Recommended,518790,30148073,Posted: 24 February,all,Cruncha_Muncha,"Lay Down, Switch weapons, watch your guys arms freak out and go crazy, laugh ur♥♥♥♥♥off, and then return it"
76561198201263134,Recommended,518790,31638056,Posted: 8 May,all,LiL PEEP,"Fun game but i feel it gets somewhat bland after 10-20 hours in even considering it's a simulation game. Graphics and world size are extremely impressive considering the genre. Very few glitches/bugs encountered through the game. Although there would very rarely be a glitched animal stuck in a bush, etc.Decent game if you enjoy the enviornment and spending about 10-30 minutes tracking/searching for animals before each kill. There are also Tasks to do which were surprising unique and creative. Examples: (Take a picture of two bears in a single frame.)Overall I enjoyed it until about 20 hours in it started to get extremely repeatitive."
,Recommended,518790,31407817,Posted: 27 April,all,coRpSE,"I started playing this a few days ago and I have to say that it is a bit addictive. Of course, with every game there is bugs and downfalls that will need ot be addressed. But even with the bugs and downfalls, there are many great things about this game. This game has become my latest game that I stream and enjoy streaming it every chance I can.The things I do like about the game thus far is the AI seems to be more realistic than many other games. Another thing I like about the game is the landscape, it is beautiful and flows great. The colors and the whole weather/day & night is great. But even with that, there are a few gripes about this game that really irks me.The things in this game that bugs me is a few and I needed to separate them into their own groups. Mind you that this list is in no way game breaking or anything to stop me from enjoying the game, just things that I found to be a bit annoying or wrong.Economy System- The economy is really messed up. I cant believe a Fellow Deer call cost the same amount as a rifle, or a compound bow. I just feel that someone went through and just slapped some values to the items and put zero thought into it. The cost of most things seems to be really high compared to how much you earn in game. I like to see that get adjusted a bit.Core Function DLC- Core function of the game being placed as a paid DLC. Though I don't mind them having paid DLC, I do believe that should be left to content that does not require everyone to have it, even if they don't pay for it. For example, skins. They can make some good money off selling skins for rifles, flags, banners, ect..., and which also does not require people that have not bought the item to have it downloaded and installed on their hard drives.Character Movement- The only issues I have had with that is when moving up and down hills. The character does not seem to be able to jump very well. I believe the jump needs to be raised a bit and the distance a little more. The characters need to have their feet picked up a bit more. The characters almost shuffle their feet rather than walking.Communication- Seems that the developers don't communicate very well, and really don't have a good system available for proper bug reporting. The steam forums is not a good platform. Hell, even setting up a reddit would be better.There are also a few bugs which have been posted, it's just a matter of them fixing it and when. But overall, I do recommend this game and I will continue to play it and enjoy it."
76561198363204129,Recommended,518790,31851353,Posted: 19 May,all,Jiao Zhu,"please.............give me more animals and more weapon!!!!! Brown bear, tiger, even some mythical creature can give us motivation!"
76561198370027803,Recommended,518790,31669758,Posted: 10 May,all,CALLUM5343,i have seen a few bug sents i have bright it one is the talking and the sencend is when you pull out the callers the mans hand has black spots and the thrid is i recone that when the animals call the sound dont stay long
76561197972343222,Recommended,518790,31625346,Posted: 8 May,all,Olleinthewind,"Even if you don't find any animals, it's still nice to just walk around in the beautiful landscapes of theHunter: Call of the Wild."
76561198065511485,Recommended,518790,31615089,Posted: 7 May,all,superphoneboy,What's this game like?  Take a big huff of crack and you'll know.
76561198150174085,Not Recommended,518790,34362723,Posted: 19 August,all,Stinglash ツ,"I mean it's a good looking game, but when it comes to the freakin' quests.... what the FFFFFF... i took 516 pictures of different deer trying to complite the quest ""take a picture of a fallow deer"" and NONE of em counted as good enough... the game has been out for a long time now and this is still not fixed? pure B-sh*t..."
76561198025316753,Recommended,518790,34375003,Posted: 20 August,all,Kentor22,"They seem to have been to happy to release an incomplete game just for the money. Bug fixes and major changes are still going on after initial release. This is a mostly singler person game that shouldnt have needed any fixes to start with. Writing the review on 20/08/2017, I see this game turning into a game were you have to purchase all DLC to be able to enjoy it. Things that should have already been in the game to start, will be DLC which you will have to pay for. Really disappointed."
,Not Recommended,518790,31232916,Posted: 19 April,all,TheSpyrexian,Shoot things and get killed by overwhelming hordes of bugs.4 PewDiePie videos out of WarOwl
76561198067905165,Recommended,518790,35433576,Posted: 2 October,all,Nobadcomments,Animals♥♥♥♥♥♥themselves when you shoot them.
76561198277788724,Recommended,518790,32160160,Posted: 3 June,all,Punz,This gamne is the most accurate hunting sim i have ever seen its beautiful and like my experiances as a hunter still exites me to go hunting
76561198039976576,Recommended,518790,33083239,Posted: 1 July,all,martillo65,much fun
,Recommended,518790,32956938,Posted: 28 June,all,Wolfie,"Spent hours tracking a bear, just to end up crashing near the end, Feels good"
76561198127283492,Recommended,518790,32495070,Posted: 16 June,all,StormCmmdr,"I love hunting games. The ability to take as long as you want or need to stalk the perfect trophy, slowly moving and finding the perfect shot. The need for the stealth and patience and the way the animals react to the smallest sound or scent. Finding all this in any one game isnt always  easy. what i like in this game, from the 30 mins i was able to tolerate it, was the realism. the game didnt highlight the vitals, or give you too many warnings. if you dont pay attention, your prey evades you for a lil bit longer. But my computer cant even handle the lowest settings without heavy lagg. Another thing that i greatly appreciate is that this game is not a closed area like some of the Cabelas hunt games. its very open with many animals to hunt. This game can still use some work, but 7/10 would recomend for a good PC."
,Recommended,518790,30538482,Posted: 16 March,all,Prune,its a great game and all but just one thing its very very slow passed unlike the other hunter and i find my self walking for like 20-30mins to find a animal or sometimes lose it and i have a bug where i cant aim down my scope when i switch to iron sites which results in restart
76561198083543311,Recommended,518790,34285687,Posted: 16 August,all,Simon,I think this is a very good game its the first hunting game i have got for the PC and im liking it alot and also the Environment and audio and world design are goregous. Both maps are massive. You can cheak out some of my gameplay on my YouTube channelhttps://youtu.be/TKuurb5B-Cg
76561198238135660,Recommended,518790,34285888,Posted: 16 August,all,jamiejc84,:)
76561198070405013,Recommended,518790,34298271,Posted: 16 August,all,awsomedude900,why do i always mouse off the game when its windowed
76561198200234038,Recommended,518790,34300379,Posted: 16 August,all,jollywombat csgogem.com,This is a great game so far not many bugs other then when i get on i cant see my things
76561198060453714,Recommended,518790,34259607,Posted: 15 August,all,Okie,"As other have stated, this game is absolutely beautiful. Quality graphics, exceptional audio, and overall effects are all well done. Not sure where all the multi-player complaints come from.. I guess if you have potato internet this could be an issue, but our group plays fine with NO issues.Campaign mode is fun, but buggy at times. I'm sure these things will be worked out though. Weapon choice is good, though the better weapons are pretty expensive. I think my only complaint with the game is the way the quads behave. I drove through a shallow area that wasnt more than ankle deep and the quad exploded. Other times it got so squirly you'd think I had been drinking before hitting the woods.Looking forward to additional content, and updates, but it keeps me happy for now."
76561198114455517,Recommended,518790,34282282,Posted: 16 August,all,Mets,If you are patient hunter awith love for nature in your heart than this is your game. Some of quests are really hard but there is a lot of amazing places so you can at least explore them while you are trying to complete those quests.
76561198092550686,Recommended,518790,34282492,Posted: 16 August,all,Meanmachine,love the graphics great game but after 60 hours of game time playing on this game i've come to a stopping point doing the same thing over n over stalking animals tracking and luring animals gets boring after a while.  Would love it more if they added a survival mode.
,Recommended,518790,32548043,Posted: 18 June,all,Hurricane,"If you and your buddies can't get together IRL , then crack open a cold one and boss out on this game. It has amazing graphics and is extremely realistic. 9/10"
76561198239979516,Recommended,518790,30885585,Posted: 1 April,all,OleCatGamer,i dont like how if you even have lowest graphics it goes slow on my laptop i mean.. it can handle the forest on high graphics!
,Recommended,518790,30788159,Posted: 28 March,all,BOG Massacre,fun game amazing world lots of bugs but devs have been very active in fixing these problems and now there talking bout a console release....so yea hopefully they remember pc version is still broken but would recommend the game if u can handle what should be an alpha but got a full release
76561198161787385,Recommended,518790,30785952,Posted: 27 March,all,Mr Army Veteran,Such a beutiful Game. It runs great on my rig at max. It is a fun game!!!!!!! To all the Bug People out there. Thell fix it slow your roll Good god you all are killing me with this bad Karma you give off. just enjoy the game...
76561197974247908,Not Recommended,518790,30346677,Posted: 5 March,all,ries618,NO FUN. wish i could get a refund
76561198026506906,Recommended,518790,31953074,Posted: 25 May,all,xcontowerx,"The graphics are amazing and it truly is an open world. It is worth the $30 for sure. They have been continually updating the game, so it is always getting better."
76561198011709126,Recommended,518790,31953010,Posted: 25 May,all,DanTheMan1980,Love it!  It can only get better from here..  Much better then the original and no mico transactions which made the original not worth playing at all.  A++++
,Recommended,518790,34179878,Posted: 11 August,all,Bullhone,"just my luck this goes on sell the day after i bought it grrrr so far its been gone although the pricing of thing in the store are a bet high you have to hut very hard to get the coins you need to get new items, ;-(  but still a lot of fun"
,Recommended,518790,32073839,Posted: 30 May,all,Leoven,Not a hunter in RL. but I find this game very relaxing and enjoyable. Graphics and sounds are great!
76561198205397936,Not Recommended,518790,34587553,Posted: 29 August,all,msfrances47,way over priced for this game maybe 9.99 would be a better price but instead of making this game why dont you go and add new content to the hunter primal which you gave up on and the hunter you hardly ever add new content to the hunter maybe once ever month when it should be ever week and this game just sucks i mean controlls are bad the animals AI are bad the look of Guns are bad does not fell real but  if you were looking for a over priced worse then there free hunting game   not near as many animals or guns and the first game the hunter cant use a bow for crap game well then this is for you
76561198107049344,Not Recommended,518790,30896955,Posted: 2 April,all,Vivalaohm,"way too slowpased, typically takes 1 hour to find and kill and animal. Even more frustrating when you get there and then the animal despawns."
76561198262755598,Recommended,518790,30694403,Posted: 23 March,all,A High Pikachu,Great Game. Must have patience though.
76561198071293285,Recommended,518790,34313315,Posted: 17 August,all,HESilentmad,Nem ertem sok ember miert irja le ezt a jatekot.szerintem nagyon szep es elvezheto.
,Recommended,518790,29995363,Posted: 17 February,all,mrplastik,Really enjoying this with friends.
76561198158265868,Recommended,518790,30015927,Posted: 18 February,all,Ninja_streuya18,Takes a strong graphic card and processor but other than that a fairly good game
,Recommended,518790,30042301,Posted: 19 February,all,D34d_M4n _W41k1n,"It has its bugs...numerous ones. I mean an insane amount of bugs for a game upon release.BUTIt is still enjoyable, its gorgeous, and its a great experience. I cant wait till the first patch."
76561198419694016,Not Recommended,518790,34852049,Posted: 9 September,all,getreelfishingmack,"horrible, jumpy screen. Dont get the game it is horrible. i just wasted $40 on this piece of crap game. and i want my money back now!"
,Recommended,518790,34157687,Posted: 10 August,all,GiGi  [B²],">be me>dank♥♥♥♥♥hunter friend joins the server>grab our kazoo and try to find the meme>find a fox instead>shoot the fox and kill it>mfw is a big fox and good kill>hear a deer call out>grab my can of moo>moo back and walk towards it>find that dank deer>shoot it but only injure it>proceed to spend the next hour following♥♥♥♥♥♥ blood trails, and foot prints for an hour>get an achievement telling me to stop following the deer10/10 fun game"
76561197960421750,Recommended,518790,31514918,Posted: 2 May,all,DrCheeseTaco,"Paid DLC really.......Really cool hunting game, its very very pretty.The walking is very exessive and you cant fast travel until you walk to the cabin and that can take hours.If you want a game to just kinda hang out and shoot♥♥♥♥♥♥this is your game but other then that keep looking.On a positive note the multiplayer is fun"
76561198260226703,Recommended,518790,33927422,Posted: 31 July,all,Mahola13😈,Fajna ale w nią nie pograłem bo mam za słabego koma
76561198064483429,Recommended,518790,30696262,Posted: 23 March,all,Jayd,"Breathtaking visuals, and helpful poop piles - Hunter COTW offers the ability to experience hunting without the dirt and rain and cold wind actually getting you dirty, wet, and cold for real.Walk through the wonderful forests looking for the tell-tale signs of an animal, follow it's tracks, get intimate knowledge from it's poop and after stalking for hours finally have the beast in your sights. Inhale. Hold your breath. Fire.  If you are performing well the beast dies then and there, if not expect a mad dash through the forest to catch up and kill it. It's as close as you can get to a genuine, FUN, realistic hunting experience without leaving the comfort of your chair.But note that This is NOT a game for the impatient, for people who need to run and jump, for people who get bored easily, nor is it a game for the 'angry reddit neckbeards' who find fault in everything and demand the game is changed for them. This is a game that needs a lot of patience, and a calm manner - just like real hunting."
76561198035359993,Recommended,518790,32975310,Posted: 28 June,all,Gaweeds ♔,"Awesome realistic hunting game, gets you really relaxed."
,Recommended,518790,29961223,Posted: 16 February,all,GaryMachine,NO SCOPE MY BLACK BEAR !
,Not Recommended,518790,29987012,Posted: 17 February,all,Bigmonsterdog,"Shot a deer right between the eyes.....didn't die, bleeding very low.Shot a bear in the leg.....dies instantly.Uninstalled."
,Not Recommended,518790,34163411,Posted: 11 August,all,Angry Duck,"""One time purchase"" game.Already has two £1.89 ""DLC"" in the shape of some tents and an ATV.Can't approve that after a £30 base game."
76561198053488999,Recommended,518790,31527983,Posted: 3 May,all,SiriusGaming,"Not sure what the fuss is about. The game is a beautiful experience. The ""bugs"" everyone is crying about can be ignored and it doesn't really affect anything if you're enjoying the game for what it is. It's not like you get stuck or the game is not playable. It's smooth, optimised and looking great. I even bought the tent dlc and had no issues, loved it."
76561198073988852,Recommended,518790,30163092,Posted: 25 February,all,davidmiller2008,deer call sound does not work sometimes
76561198128989347,Not Recommended,518790,34113589,Posted: 8 August,all,ZXD_Ninja Tuna,boring as ♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,518790,30002954,Posted: 18 February,all,TirexiHD,"The mouse settings is not working... 10-90 sensitivy and the mouse speed is not change. Only just the scope.The game is random crashing to desktop.THX for another ""good"" game in 2017...Waiting for Day3-4-5-6-7-8-9 patch. And one month later release the full worked game...(i7 5930k, GTX1080, 32GB DDR4)Watch this cool bug:https://youtu.be/qlOURatcOvo?t=15s"
,Not Recommended,518790,33017783,Posted: 29 June,all,minion,"My friend recently noticed that his FPS and movement speed were linked, under 29, slow af, upper 30, normal. Good game, not reccommended as of now"
76561198073351897,Not Recommended,518790,30158057,Posted: 24 February,all,Renegade Demon,"This is a really basic hunting game. It's on par with the ps2 Cabela's hunting games. Except  with more glitches. Honestly, any of Cabela's games would probably be better as they are generally more polished. The only catergory this wins in is the tracking and open tag hunting. Maybe pick it up on sale.Oh and don't even think about alt tabbing as when I did, audio totally broke even after a game reload."
76561198085243334,Recommended,518790,32612492,Posted: 21 June,all,Milo,"Good game, the only bad thing is that you can not shoot people :c"
76561198090864965,Not Recommended,518790,34175199,Posted: 11 August,all,Eat my Wii,so bad worst ever rather be gay then play this bad sorry pathetic game 100% will join ISIS after playing this retard gayme
,Recommended,518790,32635653,Posted: 21 June,all,Cyberg War,"I walked a 100 miles, killed a few deer. Then I tracked a fox who lead me to a pack of Hallew Deer, they ganged up and killed me. Will play again."
,Not Recommended,518790,30061112,Posted: 20 February,all,Noob Noob,too much chasing not really fun imo
76561198005574598,Not Recommended,518790,30397340,Posted: 8 March,all,I am,"DO NOT start a new game, just DO NOT DO THAT. You will loose any progress - money, xp, lvl, bought equipment. The only advise I have is buy another game and delete this if you have it already, best advise. They wont help you with your problem either, they realy just dont care about gameplay. Play the old thehunter instead if you realy need to play this game. Way to early for release and they are being ♥♥♥♥♥♥ when it comes to fix issues, clearly dont care about users and gameplay at all. Makes me ♥♥♥♥ing sad and annoyd. Refund it if your under 2 hours of gameplay asap!"
76561197970876127,Recommended,518790,31526775,Posted: 3 May,all,Pig...In...Space!!,"<h1>The ultimate hiking simulator (with guns)</h1>When the wind blows over the lakes, you shiver behind your keyboard, when the sun breaks through on that perfect Indian summer day, you feel the warmth on your skin. The ambient sounds of the forest match real life one to one. Hiking through the reserves is a deeply relaxing experience. The animal animations are nice and the particle system is very pleasing.The actual hunt is inexplicably exciting. I caught myself jerking the mouse as one would overexcited jerk the trigger and miss the target because of it....The developers have made a huge open world immersive experience and for that, they have my respect.<b>The game is a “must have” if you enjoy beautiful landscapes and killing fury animals.</b><i>About bugs:</i>Yes, the game has bugs. After each patch there are noticeably less of them. I'm particularly impressed by the performance improvement of the particle system. That must have been a hard one.Did the bugs take the joy out of the game? Absolutely not. Still great.I'm confident they'll also fix the remaining bugs.<i>About the price:</i>I played the game over 150 hours and I'm still enjoying it. So, is 30 euro a fair price? Totally.Don't forget that the average AAA game costs over 50 euro and contains less then 30 hours of game play, for example the Half Life series, South Park: the stick of truth and the Portal series. I'd buy all those games again, even with those unfavourable play time to cost ratios.The Hunter COTW is a niche game. Killing digital deer is an acquired taste (at best). It will never sell like GTA or HALO. It takes a lot of balls for a game studio to reach for AAA quality in such a small market.So at 20 cents per hour, instead of 2 euro per hour, it's the best damn deal I've made on Steam to date.<i>About paid DLC:</i>They'd have to. It costs millions to make a game like COTW and at 30 euro per game, in the afore mentioned small market, it'd be very hard to break even. It certainly would be impossible to add new content like reserves or game play assets like Tents & Blinds.I applaud this little Swedish game studio and their brave endeavour to bring us a beautiful world for all beings without fur!"
,Not Recommended,518790,29965540,Posted: 16 February,all,Toosik,"Just like the old game,same fps,  better graphics, cost 30$."
,Not Recommended,518790,34112903,Posted: 8 August,all,yusef,make the fun dlc free
,Not Recommended,518790,33939279,Posted: 31 July,all,Gaymer,AWFUL
,Recommended,518790,31653942,Posted: 9 May,all,Alexios Maximus,very good game!the world is very pretty and the maps are huge!  but i wish there was more animals to huntover all this game is a must buy if you're into hunting games. 9/10
76561197987080056,Not Recommended,518790,30268622,Posted: 1 March,all,A¤Z¤A¤Z¤€¤Ł,"Well, this is time consuming game, but after u confirm kill, you,... you,.. feel so satysfied.And here is a catch:-Not rewarding enough, because everything in store is so damn expensive, even when you just want to progress in single story mode, you need put money where you actually dont want to, because it is to damn hard to get. I mean 10k for a whistle? jezusMy main problem with game would be vehicels, omg give us vehicles, those are great maps, shame not to ride some atw.Ok, if u are not in vehicles, give us adleast fast travel to all the conseald stations, why would i bother make them if they are practicaly useless. I make them for precios xp right now, my only motiv.And ofcourse, i would kiss you in forehead, i mean all of you devs, if you could just give us some trophy room you could visit and share.Maybe add some more animals, wouldn't hurt.at this point i thing realistic grade would be not more than 6.5/10If u make vehicles and trophy room, and get rid of bugs, this game would be solid 9.5/10but damnit i dont know what to do, recommend it or not? Im really neutrual, and giving negative only because i want to devs to see.... ill change it, i swear i will, if they will make more content on this beautiful, fully potentional game.You see, game as a simulator is great, huntig feels great, nature is so relaxing, everything is so cool, just, if you don't really love to hunt, maybe in real life, this game gets boring fast. Walking is time consuming, and not necessery."
76561198072481756,Not Recommended,518790,30226635,Posted: 27 February,all,Saldas,Game crashes while loading.Its EW game so its no big surprise the game is incomplete. If you bought it and it crashes for you do what I did: get the refund and forget about it. It is very unlikely EW will fix it. So take your refund and hope some decent company will develope a good hunting game sometime in the future.Don't recomend and will never buy or recomend any EW game till im alive.
,Not Recommended,518790,30374023,Posted: 7 March,all,HAYVAN BORIS,oyun sürekli takılıyor ve çok bug var.
,Not Recommended,518790,30213577,Posted: 26 February,all,FOS FULL OF SHIT,"This game is absolute trash. I eithier start the game and have no sounds, cant see animals, or it just freezes mid way into a good hunt. Next time dont release a game in a unfinished state. These bugs should have been easy to fix if someone would have tested the game before its release."
76561198039052151,Not Recommended,518790,30216404,Posted: 27 February,all,Butters Stotch,"EDIT: Definitely not recommended now. Tent DLC now available to buy, to alleviate that walking issue. Something that should be included in the base game is being sold as DLC. Do not buy from this bad dev.Read any other negative review to see why I'm not recommending. Plus there's a reason it's tagged walking simulator. You might argue that a hunting game is a walking sim because you pick a direction and walk in it and hunt any animals you can find. Except you're given tasks, and if you want to get to the location of the task you have to walk there. Bam, hello 10+ mins of running. And you can't fast travel to any hunting structures you've built, which only adds to the annoyng walking. E.g., when you start the game you spawn at a lodge you've 'claimed', then you can fast travel to any other lodge you've claimed, but then you still have to walk alllll the way to wherever your task is."
76561198058381265,Not Recommended,518790,30338409,Posted: 5 March,all,BattleShipY,plzBack to the mainmenue fanction...Why did you want to me back desktop???PLEASE...PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198138620692,Recommended,518790,32638396,Posted: 22 June,all,FireSpark csgobounty.com,You can get this game cheaper athttps://www♥♥♥♥♥com/r/
,Not Recommended,518790,30112743,Posted: 22 February,all,Zacko_Slacko,Found this game extremely hard to understand and died randomly whilst jumping?
76561198211499595,Not Recommended,518790,30438055,Posted: 10 March,all,Kilo,"Crashes constantly. My PC is beyond spec, all up to date, and♥♥♥♥♥♥crashes every 5 minutes. I believe it is a problem with Steam, but could be the game since it's the only game that this occurs... Frustrating because when it does work, it is fantasic!!Steam: Please update so this works properlyDevs: Please patch to work! You have a winner, make it atleast keep from crashing/freezing!!!In the games current state, I cannot recommend this game to anyone who is interested, sadly.WIN 10 (64), i5 (oc 4.0gb) GTX 970 FTW, 16GB DDR3, 500SSD"
76561198009128969,Recommended,518790,32116395,Posted: 1 June,all,skpack,What can I say... Good job Guys. Game is awesome.
76561198363727988,Not Recommended,518790,30405155,Posted: 9 March,all,慎独慎初,BUG  BUG  BUG  BUG     Call of the BUG!
,Recommended,518790,32620269,Posted: 21 June,all,NonSense,best hunting sim / best graphics
,Recommended,518790,29963347,Posted: 16 February,all,GuDDo,Good game grapichs are really good:D But alot of bugs they need to fix. Some more updates and this game is Amazing. Recommending all who likes to hunt to buy this. Hard to find deer`s and many small things you need to look at. Really funny game.
76561198073894128,Not Recommended,518790,31169024,Posted: 15 April,all,brianswow,wont even start. this is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198327796250,Not Recommended,518790,30075568,Posted: 21 February,all,jiggythetim,broken!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197973227123,Not Recommended,518790,32886007,Posted: 27 June,all,intergluteal cleft,the game would crash as soon as i tried to play a game. didnt even get to start a game. I tried to do everything on teh internet to fix it and nothing worked. its really a shame
76561198047229541,Not Recommended,518790,32943983,Posted: 28 June,all,mensch690,"this game looks amazing. When i load it up though, the game always kicks me out even though i didnt even play it yet. i try to go to settings and graphics to fix the issue but it still kicks me out before i have a chance to change anything. if anyone has any ideas, please respond."
76561198078200707,Recommended,518790,31516196,Posted: 2 May,all,Cravek,"Okay so I usually dont do reviews but this game deserves it. Now I have always loved hunting in games like red dead, gun, farcry, various survival games but Im far from a hunter. So at first i was a little worried it would be too complex. But me and my buddy who is an avid hunter decided to give it a try. And we both love it. Its the perfect blend of casual and intense. Whether you just walk around till ya hear a warning call like me or you set up blimds at need zones like my buddy its perfectly fun. They also added in some missions that test your skills. Like photographs a deer from 30ft, or kill a fox with a bow. Highly recommended."
,Not Recommended,518790,33750054,Posted: 23 July,all,Valyrian,This game made me want to have diahrrea
76561198170626145,Not Recommended,518790,33097582,Posted: 1 July,all,MadMan Go.Krimes.Ro,♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,518790,30475273,Posted: 12 March,all,Norell,Waaay to time consuming. Stalking a animal for 1-2 houers to get close enough to acually see them. It is for the hardcore crowd who have alot of free time and can't go hunting IRL.I don't have that time and I find it annoying that it takes so long. I will go back to sniping in fps games instead ;)
76561198021432226,Recommended,518790,30123951,Posted: 23 February,all,punzilla,game will not launch. ?
,Recommended,518790,34117732,Posted: 8 August,all,Xenosse,"Play this game, if you want to ""Killed"" your free times >.<"
76561198364741356,Recommended,518790,30048869,Posted: 19 February,all,dbestone57,Has some bugs but other wise good. It is also really laggy.
76561197967795125,Recommended,518790,30016561,Posted: 18 February,all,EeTher,EW massive overhaul to the worlds best hunting game: Call of the Wild dicths microtransactions and adds to the fun.
76561197970515822,Recommended,518790,34151010,Posted: 10 August,all,MADdog,This like most new games really need a 4K or you can go 2K a 4K TV will do both. Masseffect really looks good in 4K. The only problem with ALL these hunter games you have to Earn the Good Guns Really just give me the Good Guns WHY should i have to Earn them i already did Earn them by Paying YOU for the Game. Very well done game it is about time.
76561198002976162,Recommended,518790,30762951,Posted: 26 March,all,Ap0llye0n,alot better than the cabela hunting games.nice relaxing game to play if you have alot of patience
76561198345141882,Recommended,518790,32629395,Posted: 21 June,all,RAMBO,first of all this is a great game of hunting the sounds and gun are so realistic and also the animals too in real life i am a hunter and i totaly reccomend it to someone to cause its so realistic.but the only con tha this game has its the dlc s like the atv and the tents and stuff like that in my opinion this should be so i bought the atv dlc to move around cause you cant travel and a long distance tha is 1 hour and 25 minutes i cant and i think a lot of cant so this is only con about this game ob my opinion
76561198177056089,Recommended,518790,33952262,Posted: 1 August,all,shadowsplits,high prices thats it
,Recommended,518790,34297575,Posted: 16 August,all,Sonya Penny,Fixed multiplayer a lot! Good work. Seems pretty good so far.
76561198030816820,Not Recommended,518790,30201007,Posted: 26 February,all,Tankkiller,"Does not work, seem's it was launched before anyone reviewed it, but they were quick to take the money. Very dis-appointed in the Steam Crew to allow this to happen."
76561198032389724,Not Recommended,518790,34731820,Posted: 4 September,all,Zoom,I just bought this game maybe i need more time to check if it good or not BUT no i dont have time i want to play diredtry but cant i must do some steps  like a quest ? maybe am wrong but i want to go hunt i cant so i STOP play this game not like the old TheHunter :(
,Recommended,518790,34416834,Posted: 22 August,all,PantyShotLover64,Patient
,Recommended,518790,31514480,Posted: 2 May,all,Vastform,"I'm really into open world games and this one just nails it when it comes to ""reality"" the graphics are truly amazing. I walk around for hours just admiring it. Ignore the bad reviews. These are spoiled kids that want everything for nothing. If you're a mature ""Earthy"" individual, you will love this game. I spend every chance I get on this."
76561198360048492,Recommended,518790,33933870,Posted: 31 July,all,smilesymh,ITS AN AWSOME GAME I LIKE ALOT AND I NOW ALOT OF OTHER POEPLE WILL LOVE IT
,Recommended,518790,32562889,Posted: 19 June,all,JimmiG,"This is a beautiful and very immersive game. While the main goal is obviously hunting, there's also a big focus on exploration, and there's even a basic RPG-style character leveling system. If you enjoy games like The Long Dark or ""walking simulators"", you'll definitely enjoy this game.The game doesn't strive for total realism, but makes some concessions in order to be enjoyable and playable. I think this is a good thing, as total realism would make it too frustrating for most players. It still requires quite a bit of patience and skill as it is. The AI can be exploited for easy kills, but you'd only spoil the fun for yourself. It's more of a sandbox game where you have to make up the story as you go.My only concern would be the DLC's, and especially the first one (the tents), which was overpriced and should have been in the game from the start. If the developer wants to win over more positive reviews, they will have to release more content for free to make up the buggy state of the game at launch."
76561198000508226,Recommended,518790,31679142,Posted: 11 May,all,Null(a),"Looks amazing, feels amazing. You become drawn in like a true hunta! Jokes aside, totally recommend it. Don't let the plebs with their negative reviews fool you into not giving this game a try for yourself. If you enjoy slow-stalking stealth games this one is for you!"
76561198043612076,Recommended,518790,31843188,Posted: 19 May,all,cody_buds,"This game is early access at best, u can't even unlock or go into cabins or unlock towers if someone else is admin online or in lock or gain xp from anything other then shooting something, the games glitches, are bad my friend shot a deer and it stood there, glitches out, I crawled across a puddle of blood and took damage from it, my fps in game sucks , although when I look or do something other then run or get close to an animal my fps is not good but ok .. Games just bugged and glitches out. But fun"
76561198024773283,Recommended,518790,31677373,Posted: 10 May,all,dibydiby62,no bugs and runs fine for me. 2560x1440 144hz
76561198147469400,Recommended,518790,31364387,Posted: 25 April,all,daleyoakem,i like everytyhing
76561198194088565,Recommended,518790,29959657,Posted: 16 February,all,UGH,It's freaking lit man. Have played quite a bit of Classic and this is very enjoyable and refreshing.
,Not Recommended,518790,33008343,Posted: 29 June,all,arranlester12,Played for about an hour and found the game to be boring so i got a refund. just a walking sim tbh . not worth 30 pounds
,Not Recommended,518790,32048648,Posted: 29 May,all,ColinM,No.
76561197966432862,Recommended,518790,31529570,Posted: 3 May,all,Hashishin,Ignore the people whining about micro-transactions dressed as dlc. There is one 5 dollar dlc which isn't at all necessary. The base game is tons of fun.
,Recommended,518790,31540427,Posted: 4 May,all,GoodGuyFisk,Over all a wounderful game. Got some glitches and bugs.If you want to have a relaxing game this is something for you.People are not too happy with the DLC but almost all the games release DLCS today. But the game got enough content to play without the DLCS.
76561198095488062,Not Recommended,518790,35160240,Posted: 23 September,all,Apex,"This game is a good game but it has alot of problems. The whole point of this game is hunting, mainly with rifles but it doesn't work that good. The bullet balistics in this game are a complete mess EG headshots with a high calliber rifle won't kill, high caliber guns can't even 1 shot a fox. I know from experience that no matter where you hit a fox you will kill it."
,Not Recommended,518790,34162809,Posted: 11 August,all,Whoever Shotgunned me is gay,"Its SO hard to find animals, and when you do.. they're running away from you, and you cant get a shot in. This game is rediculously hard."
76561198040267281,Not Recommended,518790,30277675,Posted: 2 March,all,sbbbugsy,"Being sent back to a camp when you return to the game, regardless of your location when you left, is a real game-breaker.This is a beautiful game, but the inability to save and return to the save spot just kills the realism."
,Not Recommended,518790,34450640,Posted: 23 August,all,Doctor Murdoch,"Takes hours to find a deer, compounded by the fact that you cannot run lest you scare away everything within 50 miles. Yeah, real fun hitting ""E"" on tracks and droppings for 45 mins to find one deer. Sike."
76561198324794124,Not Recommended,518790,30587211,Posted: 18 March,all,joshhigh,"Unfortunately not very impressed with this game, my laptop is able to play most games at a decent frame frate however have had to turn all graphic options to low and still plays laggy and glitchy. Wandered around for approx 40mins without finding a single track which have seen on forums as a common bug. Had the highligted tracks option turned on but still nothing,  shame as the idea sounded good."
,Not Recommended,518790,33621105,Posted: 17 July,all,Jub,"The game is fun and super exciting. The sound is great, Graphics are amazing, and everything else is AWESOME! Buuuuut I cannot recommend this game if you aren't a real hunter because this game is sooo challenging that you can never get a shot on any Animal because they detect you so fast. Its also impossible to find any animals to shoot unless you get super lucky and they spawn right next to you which has happened to me a few times and I was able to shoot for once. Other than that I would just find another shooting game to play unless this one goes on sale for dirt cheap."
76561198118460510,Not Recommended,518790,30246600,Posted: 28 February,all,Lynx (x_x),"Game has potential.Why you shouldnt buy this game.1. Its not even ♥♥♥♥ing complete, i mean there are so many game breaking bugs this shouldnt even have been out.2. I had to wait 5 days after i bought it before i could play, i dont know what took them so long to actually fix that.3. Playing multipalyer? AWsome, untill you cant harvest the animal you stalked for 30 min.4. Pathetic forum admins.5. No respons what so ever from devs.6. Spend you money on something else.This game is just too damn frustrating atm.Wait some months."
76561198073531543,Not Recommended,518790,34870009,Posted: 10 September,all,Reep007jr,"Terrible hunting game, animals so easy to find may aswell go play call of duty. Classic hunter 10x better"
76561197984603117,Recommended,518790,31524093,Posted: 3 May,all,[GER]MaKoMania,I really do enjoy the game and think it needs way more appreciation than it currently gets! Absolutely addicting and has tied  me to my office chair for hours :-)
76561198131321037,Recommended,518790,31431550,Posted: 28 April,all,Jokster1911,"Ok, so I have played around 80 hours of this game. While currently everybody is mad as can be about the new paid dlc, I have no problem dropping $4 for it. ""But it is going to be just like the old hunter, micro transactions and all"" you say. Maybe, Maybe not. I personally never could get into the old hunter classic and it was for that reason. It would be sad if this game went that way, but I don't think it will. Here is why I think that. This latest dlc, while not much, didn't cost much either and it is a one time pay deal. The hunter classic was microtransactions that in some sense expired...frankly, when I pay for something, I want to keep it around for longer than just the next three months of my ""membership"". The new content also doesn't make the game necessarily more playable. Sure, it adds some ease to a few things (that I greatly appreciate), but it doesn't open a whole new world of possibilities like paid for content in the hunter classic. Would I have rather had this newest content for free? Absolutely, but as someone who has done coding and the like as part of my education and work, I have an appreciation that creating a game takes a ton of work and somebody has to pay for it. While I do wish that some content that should come standard in the base game, especially content like tents, should be free, I also don't think that paying a total of $34 for the game and its current dlc is crazy, especially when many games half as good as this game are going for the same if not more. Granted, it does have plenty of bugs and more paid dlc will add up, but the devs are actively fixing those bugs and adding features that people are asking for. It isn't as much or as often as people want, but I have respect for what it takes and understand you can't do everything all at once or make everyone happy. Simply put, this game has its issues but is currently in a very playable state that is very enjoyable. As someone who has spent plenty of time actually hunting in real life, this game is as close as it comes to feeling like you are actually out hunting. It's a relaxing experience and visually stunning. So complain about the bugs, complain about the dlc, but recognize that even the current paid dlc is nothing like the hunter classics business model and has no way of becoming the money sucking machine that game is. Still, the devs have families to feed and bills to pay too, so if paying for a little dlc content for a game that has so much potential as this is what it takes to do that, count me in. If you don't want to do that, nobody will make you pay. The base game is still there and very enjoyable regardless of any of the dlc. And no, nobody paid me to write this review."
76561198045439103,Not Recommended,518790,31592210,Posted: 6 May,all,Cody,DLC
,Recommended,518790,31421297,Posted: 28 April,all,Czar,"NEUTRAL RecommendationFairly fun and as entertaining as the first theHunter game. Repayability is good.Overall worth the price with some things dragging it down:-Basic bugs as UI clumsyness, sound, and AI despawn (rare... I think)-Low ammount of content but not that much-Release of paid dlcs in a horrible timing-Some weapons behavior as:reloading with a chambered bullet wont cost you a bulletno zeroing of sights outside skill gamey featureDon't get this if you don't want to bet on the devs continuing to update and keep life flowing into the game.Incredibly beautifull game but not as simulation like as you would expect.As a player I would hope the devs can resume this game support as it is needing it.This review can change drastically deppending on the developer care for this newly released game."
76561198137103623,Recommended,518790,31569928,Posted: 5 May,all,Rebel998,Ive read the reviews. Ive heard what people have to say. I have played the classic. This game is worth the price. It is fun. Challenging. Graphics are awesome. I dont even care bout the DLC that costs money.  This game is really great. Fun and the quests give it more feeling of a reward when you complete it. Dont listen to the others that cry bout the DLC price. You wont be disapointed from the content of the game.
76561198042703448,Recommended,518790,31431429,Posted: 28 April,all,Inkheart1,"This game can be a little glitchy at times, but if you are patient with it it truly is a fun game. If you enjoyed the very first hunting games before Cabelas took over you will enjoy this game. It is new and they are working on fixing the bugs but I never really saw anything that would stop me from playing it."
76561198117259689,Not Recommended,518790,30001299,Posted: 17 February,all,BEAR_NYE,BUGS!!!!!! This game is completed? FIX IT!!!!!!!!!!
76561198082516838,Not Recommended,518790,30627046,Posted: 19 March,all,tristandoddtrucking,All the game does is crash before i can even see start screen. gives me a crash dump report wtf is that? HHHHEEEEELLLLLPPPPPPPPP
76561198086025916,Not Recommended,518790,34158922,Posted: 10 August,all,varelle,"Only two hours in and unfortunately, this game is tedious as hell! It's fine to try and have realism in a game but don't make it literally take as much time to track and hunt a deer in a game as it does in real life. Two hours of playing and I've seen three deer. To find those deer I needed to creep along for almost thirty minutes. And then they bolt before I can even find them. You need to creep along at a rate a foot per second just to hope to get reasonably close, but you have to do that for like 200 yards! That's not a game. That's a job.Nice graphics, nice sound, but I play games to relax and have fun, not to wait 30 minutes for a digital deer that bolts at the slightest twitch of grass. I don't recommend this at all."
76561198033720036,Recommended,518790,29966139,Posted: 16 February,all,Jason,"A great improvement on TheHunter Classic. The graphics are better, the sounds are better, the environment is better, and the animals are better - especially the rabbits hiding in the underbrush. It's just better. There are also visible trails of bent grass where the animal you're tracking travelled, which is awesome and makes tracking much more intuitive than the search patterns you probably learned to do in theHunter Classic, and the render distance isn't capped. That's right you can shoot out beyond 200 meters now - there's even a 400m kill achievement!At release the menus are pretty clunky, but you can work with them. I haven't experienced any major bugs except having to switch to the map screen to exit a menu. Once they patch it up this will be a solid title.If you're a stalker-type hunter, like me, you'll probably want to know that if you use a controller with analog sticks there is a range of movement speeds that will allow you to move while walking and crouching without alarming nearby animals. If you use a M+K setup only the WASD keys have you moving at maximum speed and you'll alarm the animals even when crouching. I use an Xbox One controller to stalk then switch to my M+K to shoot because aiming with a controller is way too hard. Hopefully the devs add a movement speed toggle for M+K, but until they do stalking is really only possible with a controller."
,Not Recommended,518790,30019308,Posted: 18 February,all,Archimiddles,a bit boring and buggy
,Recommended,518790,30053979,Posted: 20 February,all,ボンバルティス氏,"Honestly the best hunting game madeProsNo microtransactionsRealistic animal movementsRealistic environmentVery funConsWay too easy at some points, Had a herd of 10 bison they got stuck= boom massive moneyGlitchesBugs (such as being killed by a benchHigh chances of crashesSo overall 8/10"
76561198025474503,Recommended,518790,31519534,Posted: 3 May,all,Drekinn,"Featuring truly breathtaking environments and soothing ambient soundscapes this is the most realistic and immersive game world I have ever known. The weather effects and foliage physics are that of sheer awe and wonder, and catching a glimpse of tiny critters scampering through the long grass is an immediate delight.Unfortunately the game is plagued with countless irritating bugs: such astoundingly obvious and easily-fixed issues which have not been addressed even months after release - this is simply not acceptable, and implies a lazy attitude of incompetent developers.Until remedied these irksome and unnecessary bugs spoil an otherwise sublimely enjoyable hunting experience.TLDR: 'theBugHunter', yet not without its merits."
76561198335885315,Recommended,518790,32563863,Posted: 19 June,all,KarM ☟,"It is a very good game! Everything is possitive about this game but its one thing that are negative about this game and that is we have to buy those DLC, even they are not that expensive. I think those DLC could just been an update so we dont have to pay for everything.  :)"
76561198420425333,Not Recommended,518790,34826535,Posted: 8 September,all,chealy1118,sucks game is lagging and slow motion for me i wish it was normal
,Recommended,518790,29965872,Posted: 16 February,all,Grimlock,"havent played much yet, but seems good."
76561198146867282,Not Recommended,518790,34955475,Posted: 14 September,all,ERROR205,This game has potential but looks like dews are going to just give us a load of DLC:s. I might recommend this game if dews fixed a big portion of the bugs (there are a lot of them) before concentrating on adding new paid content.
76561197993792083,Recommended,518790,31403615,Posted: 27 April,all,Tuckilufigus,"I'm at about 20 hours in and this game is definitely fun. There are some things I would like to address though. Let me begin by saying I wrote this as positive by a very thin margin as there could be much better ""quality of life"" features implemented.Needs improvement:Fast travel (I see they implemented tents. Guess we're paying for it now.)Multiplayer map unlocks (Not the create of the multiplayer game? Can't unlock map objectives like stands etc.)Items and their stats / descriptions (accuracy is super misleading)Some buggy animals (Sometimes deer will stand there after taking 7 shots and then mysteriously fall after X amount of time)Other than those small gripes I have a lot of fun playing it. I Only can play with friends at 50% productivity though...Things I would like to see:Bipods for long range prone shootingLong range shot cam (watching the shot as it soars through the air if the shot is long enough)Maybe some waterfowl? Ducks would be nice.More guns / everything"
,Recommended,518790,31554569,Posted: 5 May,all,Ori,"This game is awesome, and I see no reason why everyone is downvoting it. The graphics/world is amazing, the sound effects are top notch, and the hunting is great. There are a few bugs that have been mentioned, the only one that I have experienced is being teleported back to the start after exiting and re-entering the game. All the hate over a $4 DLC seems insane to me, but I guess they assume it is a slippery slope to becoming the same as the original theHunter game (extensive microtransactions). I say this game is pretty awesome if you like hunting games, I'm more ashamed I thought it would be bad due to the bad reviews and waited so long."
76561198131177308,Not Recommended,518790,30294970,Posted: 3 March,all,humansgod,I'm not happy with the game to be honest. I spend 90% of the time just walking. I'm really annoyed. There is also something wrong with the sounds. I hope there are more updates coming because if it stays like this then it's just useless space in my pc and I'd rather unistall it. Sometimes I call a deer then it rains and I can't hear the deer's steps closing snd so it runs away and just a lot of time wasted. It requires not to walk into small bushes to not make loud sound while the whole place is full of them. I have to squeez my eyes to spot animals and then my head hurts. Pressure points put more pressure and annoyment on player. Can you make the sound of a fleeing deer louder. More open places so I can actually see something. Before I play I'm excited and it always end up the same. Just walking walking and more walking !!..Did you mistakely name it the hunter but the original name is the walker? Yea that's how much♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I'm.
76561198130802894,Not Recommended,518790,35333777,Posted: 30 September,all,Rampage420,Played this game for 2 hours and this game is ridiculous. These hitboxes are TERRIBLE!! Shoot a deer right in the head or body and the game acts like you never hit 'em. TERRIBLE.
,Not Recommended,518790,30160841,Posted: 25 February,all,SmellyVanDoodle,Game so brokeni think we are beta testers80 correction from day oneand they just think that is OK
,Not Recommended,518790,30394164,Posted: 8 March,all,Jowssh,"I crouched around the the map from 30 minutes, encountering no animals, which was extremely fun and a great usage of my time. Also, the lack of fast travel spots is painful, as if i ran out of ammo i had to leave my location to go back to the starting lodge and then be back to where i started."
76561198063572212,Not Recommended,518790,34745960,Posted: 4 September,all,.:<RyAn>:.,"got this game yesterday, i understand its realistic but dam its too realistic... im about 12 hrs in and have gotten pretty much nowhere. you cant go running around looking for stuff to kill. if your bush whacking have fun finding anything to kill as you make too much noise and or they smell you. my advice is stay in open fields and move slow to get any kind of kill. it gets frustrating and boring"
76561198239992468,Recommended,518790,31514935,Posted: 2 May,all,❄~-RowanWind-~❄,"I know there are alot of people out there who dislike this game because of the bugs and such. I agree with you, the bugs can be game-breaking, but im not one to stop playing it just because of the bugs. They have been constantly releasing patches, trying to make the game suitable for immersive players. This, in my opinion, is still a ""new"" game, of course there are going to be bugs. Iv'e played for a while now, and Iv'e become very experienced in the Hawk Edge compound bow. Iv'e taken the time for it and Iv'e finally earned it. This is a game that requires lots of patience and time. If your not up for It, please, dont download the game. But, to me, there is nothing better then to be standing in seemingly nowhere, hunting and using all the skill you have to do so. It doesn't matter if you've never hunted before, in fact, I learned everything that I now know about hunting from here. A 100% realistic animal AI as well as beautiful surroundings, to me, there is no better hunting game than this, I wish you Hunters the best of luck if you do download! I Recommend!"
,Recommended,518790,33185017,Posted: 3 July,all,✯ granto_rino™ ✯,beautiful
76561198152645550,Recommended,518790,32364455,Posted: 12 June,all,MattPro,"theHunter COTW, still remaining a pay to play game. With the increase in paid DLC this game is slowly becoming another microtransactional mission. Fairly priced I was hyped for this game but after a couple weeks playing after initial release the bugs totally ruined the experience for me. As a player of theHunter Classic with hours well in excess of 100 hours I felt this game would be a more graphically developed representation. That it is, however the continual bugs and completely different hunting style ruined this game for me.You cannot stand in a tower for hours for a kill. I mean, you could, but you will only get one. Tried and tested.. Where as previously and with other hunting games you could have a great time in a tower in thirty minutes.Nevertheless these little bugs and different hunting style make this game unique. Overall the game has a generally positive experience. With an active forum page you get the sense of community as your ideas are heard and developed into this game (released far too early).I have found my experience with this to be great. Althought all the above is generally negative, the game does offer a fun experience. One can find themselves following the main or side missions  in the game, trekking for hours all across the map to complete ingame tasks which when completed offer a satisfactory reward. The ingame currency is well developed with items priced according to their practicality. There is an ingame leveling system which requires users to get certain xp to level up, although the levels make no sense against xp and there is no indication as to when you will level up.If you want to run around and shoot deer, this is the game for you.If you want a true hunting experience, go pay some good money to an estate and go hunting - or, ye know, playing theHunter Classic which is close enough..I'd give the game a 9/10 for graphics though, even my view outside isnt as good as this sometimes."
76561198289201835,Not Recommended,518790,34155047,Posted: 10 August,all,Scarry_Terry_,played for 36 min did not find one animal to kill except for tiny birds the size of a dot in microsoft word times new roman 12
,Not Recommended,518790,34135513,Posted: 9 August,all,Mike,"I expected a game where you can run around with your friends and mess around while having competitions to see who can hunt the biggest/most animals from the trailers. What the game is, is basically a nature simulator where you walk for an hour to get to a hunting spot just to find out that your character walks like bigfoot and scares any animals in a square mile so you've now got to go find a new spot and crouch walk all the way there just to find any animals. While the graphics look great and the map design is amazing I can't recommand the game unless you've got enough patience to walk for hours to find a herd of deer then only take out 2 or 3 of them since then only way to unlock new guns is to kill animals.I think one of the things I dislike the most would be the $4 ATV dlc where you pay 4 extra dollars just to scare away any of the already extremly scarce animals in the area.TLDR: Too much time walking/crouch-walking and not enough actual animals. Probably the least populated nature reserve in the world. You'd probably have better luck clubbing a wild deer to death in Brooklyn than finding one in this game."
76561198236869794,Not Recommended,518790,30271463,Posted: 1 March,all,GiGGleS,"I have spent 2.5 hours tracking down animals but never finding them. Once I killed the Tutorial Deer that was it. I have not seen another animal. Graphics are great, but the gameplay itself needs lots of work."
76561198410364827,Not Recommended,518790,34421088,Posted: 22 August,all,whitetexhd,it sucks its laggy and if you shoot a fricking deer it doesnt die the whole game sucks
76561198192716381,Not Recommended,518790,30215054,Posted: 26 February,all,Will Scarlett,A shooting game with nothing to shoot for 15-20minute stretches. And now ammo that is so expensive you`ll only ever use the free ammo in the starter gun.
,Not Recommended,518790,33662323,Posted: 19 July,all,the amazing bulk,Boring.
,Not Recommended,518790,34866296,Posted: 10 September,all,#teamhydra #Hellcase.com,♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Not Recommended,518790,30113100,Posted: 22 February,all,S1L3NT SN1P3S28,i wish for 30 dollars that people with lower end computers could have a chance to play the game like everyone else. It runs very slow. I wish it was like the hunter where it ran simple and easy but still had all the different features in the game that it has now. Overall the features are good in the game and i like the style they went for but I wish it ran like the hunter so many more people could enjoy it.
,Recommended,518790,31486194,Posted: 1 May,all,TorbjornFalk,"Has its issues but what game doesn't but for the majority of the game, it's entertaining."
76561198276691376,Recommended,518790,31496872,Posted: 1 May,all,First Chapter,Great game.
76561198056324046,Recommended,518790,31653803,Posted: 9 May,all,hohlagh,I really like this game and I understand why a lot of people are down voting it. If you don't want the DLC then don't purchase it. It's as simple as that. This is a great hunting simulation! I've enjoyed my time playing it so far. I just would like the character to be able to move a bit faster sometimes.
76561198050290254,Recommended,518790,31420827,Posted: 28 April,all,RuskyV,People are going off the wall because they have to pay £2.79 for some DLC? after paying £29.99 for a game that has had continous support from the devs on a regular basis to get things fixed for peopleYou pay more for a coffee from starbucks.......
76561197960912853,Not Recommended,518790,30301114,Posted: 3 March,all,Ethan77,"First evaluation ever. I'm very disappointed, more than one week that the game is out, still impossible to have an enjoyable session due tu multiple bugs...It's a disaster, dev's are the worst !"
76561198045907856,Not Recommended,518790,31200656,Posted: 17 April,all,FUCK Tard V2,"something is wrong with the graphics, shadows are flickering really bad, far beyond the point where it is unplayable. also shuts down within 10 minutes of playing."
76561198014499219,Not Recommended,518790,30072889,Posted: 20 February,all,.308,This game blows
,Recommended,518790,31526882,Posted: 3 May,all,★Princess Liea★,good game nice graphic.but as long as developer don't make animal DLC its ok. i rate it 10/10 :). if developer release animal DLC . i will dislike . because its so frust when you hear the animal that you can't kill .
76561197974712720,Recommended,518790,32978727,Posted: 29 June,all,Trasan,gotta love killing animals :)
76561198088717838,Recommended,518790,31794621,Posted: 16 May,all,Jareedel,"Great, mind numbing execution of  animals!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30607549,Posted: 18 March,all,Shikascott,"Crap Game. do not bother, it crashes every 5 min. me and 3 buddys couldent play this game for verylong before the crashs became unbearable."
,Not Recommended,518790,30970693,Posted: 5 April,all,StructMan,Have fun running this game in powerpoint with 10 GB of graphics and an i7
76561198289622661,Recommended,518790,31547650,Posted: 4 May,all,SenorSphynx,this game is really fun and i think its worth the money. but there is a couple things that got me cheesed... 1. there is no co op. 2. i got the feelin that this game is gonna be one of those games that there is a 1000 dlcs. AND 3. thehunter pack for 40$ is a straight scam... its ment to rip people off that dont read it carefully enough. its thehunter call of the wild with a dlc for thehunt classic... what type of bs is that.. so yea dont buy the pack.. just buy the game
,Recommended,518790,31802091,Posted: 17 May,all,blade_sin,"i have put 27 hours into this game and  29.99 usd and i am not complaining ..despite there is a few bugs im sure they work out the bugs in due time out of the reviews i read  i would like to say this is not a fast paced game but more of a game with patience something to relax to and  or kill time im a thehunter player wich was the older version of this and i hated buying the packs and licenses just to hunt and paying a subscription every month and if you didnt well you was stuck hunting ina couple places only, so least we do not have to do that anymore!the silliest bug ihave ran into is once i was crouched and looked over and a deer was sitting next to me :)so patience and oh yeah like some others have said i as well recommend you having a nice pc to run this on especially if you want to run the graphics on high its awesome looking"
76561198042258205,Recommended,518790,31964532,Posted: 25 May,all,JPechtel,"This is a fun game to play, I enjoy playing this game with my father, while we are several thousand miles apart I feel this would be the closest and cheapest way we can currently hunt together. Sad that Alaska makes it extremely expensive for non residents to hunt moose."
76561198126747386,Recommended,518790,34085906,Posted: 7 August,all,Red Dog,This has turned into my fav game in my pasttime
76561198390754875,Not Recommended,518790,34520900,Posted: 26 August,all,horce917,ITS A COOL GAME BUT ON MY PC ITS LAGEY AND THE GROUND IS PURPEL SO U NEED A GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDD PC FOR THIS GAME DO YALL KNOW HOW TO RETURN IT
76561198219031065,Not Recommended,518790,30002438,Posted: 17 February,all,☣BiⓞhaZarĐ☣,I want my money back !!!This game is full of bugs.
76561198381368653,Not Recommended,518790,35145881,Posted: 22 September,all,codes0735,terrible game very slow and glitchy do bot recomend
76561198033250121,Not Recommended,518790,30070975,Posted: 20 February,all,Evil,dev team are very bad at keeping the game upto date we are STILL WAITING FOR A EXIT BUTTON! just goes to show how slow they are DO NOT BUY!edit1as of now i got a 1 week ban for saying that stefan took a vaction i was not allowed to say this...... got banned for it lol XDedit2got perm banned for asking why stefan is going on vactions  2 weeks after the games release....game was in dire need of help and major devopler goes on vaction.  they stupid enough to share this in one of thier posts... they deleted this now. as they deleted a lot of negative vids on thier TWITCH channel i remember in 2016 nov dec they did live streams... the game crashed and CRASHED AND CRASHED they got a FAT guy from eginering to fix it live on stream took the guy 20 mins.....  so that was good for exspasiveworld.  they deleted these videos afterI MADE A POST ABOUT IT asking why the game crashed. and i thought it was funny they tryign to stream the game and it doesnt work.this is a shady company/dev team...patches they done1.1did jack1.2did jack agian1.3changed the movement system thats all. FOR THE WORST!1.4did jack1.5 GOUND BLINDS! 5 DOLLAH!1.6SHOOTRANGE1.6.1hotfix1.7 ATV BABY! ATV 5 DOLLAH!1.7.1hotfix1.8 dont know dont care1.8.1hotfix1.9dont care agian.AND FINALY 1.9.1 another hotfix cuz they messed it UP AGIAN!today i try the game agian lets see how this clownfiesta does after COUNTLESS of patches.edit 3this is what happens my first game after being offline for 5 months.https://www.twitch.tv/videos/159716867
,Not Recommended,518790,30186674,Posted: 25 February,all,TheProdigy,"Waste of $40. Game wont even play. Comes up with an error that it has stopped working, sends a report, and then loads the few credit screens in the beginning to the loading screen and then crashes to desktop."
,Recommended,518790,31422536,Posted: 28 April,all,CountGore,"Stunning real life graphics, sound is amazing and hunting feels like the real thing!After 25hours+ of game time i have only experienced 2 minor bugs (but that is alredy fixed in patches).This game is getting some undeserved negative reviews, i can't understand why, the game have the bestgraphics/realism i have ever seen in a game with nature environment. If you love hunting and nature this game is for you!Buy it!"
76561198246930352,Not Recommended,518790,31310389,Posted: 22 April,all,danielgd2013,i think the game is awsome but when i got into the game it took so long just to get to the main screen. I create a new game so it loaded in and i moved as slow as a sloth and the animals were at normal speed . OMG on the shooting part of this bug its impossable its so bad that whn you hit LMB it took 5 seconds to shoot and the aimer was way off. so until this bug is fixed i cant play and i please ask of the devs please fix this i used all of my birthday money for this and i cant get a refund so basicly i cant do anything.also i had everything at low to try and see if the graphics was the case (it is not)
76561198007446453,Recommended,518790,31421653,Posted: 28 April,all,SilentSword,Good Game very nice world.9/10
76561198218030311,Not Recommended,518790,33276647,Posted: 5 July,all,Bsg2wagner,why is their no people like jimmy shocky i saw him in a hunting video and the lady telling me to take a picture of a deer and i dong have a camera in my infatory i dont like this game
76561198098189330,Not Recommended,518790,30381281,Posted: 7 March,all,jrhuang2121,♥♥♥♥ing laggy !!! dont buy and it cost me 27 dollars !!!!!!!! stupid game
76561198006298866,Not Recommended,518790,30440217,Posted: 10 March,all,ShanoVolcano,"still no good updates what a ♥♥♥♥ing surprise, gimmie my money back ya theif♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,518790,31532115,Posted: 3 May,all,✪ Cpt. Chickenツ,"theHunter: Call of the Wild is a really peacefull game, The graphics on ultra look amazing and the programming of the animals is really well done.if i say so myself this is the best 30$ ever spend only downside is that the animals get spooked easily but thats just my ameteur hunting expirience haha"
,Recommended,518790,31552569,Posted: 4 May,all,PV1 Gibbs [16IR],"Great Title... Much preferred over the classic version at the point, can't wait to see it progress...If you're reading negative reviews pertaining to microtransactions, ignore them.They are butthurt because the company released a 3rd DLC which was LESS then $5, they need to make money SOMEWHERE, also there is a LARGE difference between DLC and microtransactions, whereas this company has shown NO sign of microtransactions.Definetely worth the money, ignore the negativity.Few bugs here and there but in no way are they crippling."
76561198018124580,Recommended,518790,31482200,Posted: 1 May,all,Steelbound,"still love this game. but serious paid DLC? i dont mind DLC but almost $5 for a tent. F$%# that.but they didnt lie. look down here. picked from the description.theHunter is a franchise built around its community. True to that legacy, the evolution of theHunter: Call of the Wild will be shaped by the deep knowledge and unrivaled dedication of its players. Together, we’ll make it an even RICHER experience over time."
76561198196301427,Recommended,518790,31536527,Posted: 3 May,all,brawnymagicman,this is one of the best looking games ive ever played the hunting is great
76561198232663632,Not Recommended,518790,30231550,Posted: 27 February,all,edwardo1946,just downloaded this game.it is very slow'how do i fix this
76561198161137407,Not Recommended,518790,34755617,Posted: 5 September,all,claychris43,"correct me if I've got this all wrong, but isn't the idea of a hunting game, that you have something to hunt?i've never seen a forset so complealy empty of wild life. Its ok to wonder around for a while, follow tracks ect I think I even saw a dear once but certainly nothing to shoot.haven't found the DLC option for buying animals so perhaphs the developers just forgot to add any.Has potential, but as it is don't bother...it is worth noting that the graphics are very good, even on a laptop the fps is over 30, and the develpers are constantly woring to improve the game.my only realy grip is the lack of things to shoot, walking round a forset for 2 hours looking for pray is a very differant experance to spending 2 hours in front of a screen.if the devoplers took this into acount and at least gave players the option of, adding more pray i would give this game a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,518790,34945647,Posted: 14 September,all,Seppy,"Got twice as good specs then the recommended for this game, yet I get around 25-30 fps at medium settings.Low settings places me at around 30-35 fps.Also you need to pay for the DLC in order to even drive vehichles."
76561198138015384,Recommended,518790,34070618,Posted: 6 August,all,Maximux_85,Nice hunting experince.
76561198385475036,Recommended,518790,34084617,Posted: 7 August,all,supersnehvit,Hope we can get some kind of transportation!
,Recommended,518790,29960640,Posted: 16 February,all,I´ve [E]nOuGh!,decent
,Not Recommended,518790,32019550,Posted: 28 May,all,CoNtRoLGamingLLC | Twitch,Walking Simulator 2017
76561198318442756,Not Recommended,518790,30382438,Posted: 7 March,all,DorgonIzFly,WOW GOOD AND SO BAD ALL AT THE SAME TIME!! Ive got a serious f@$%ing issue with how fast you can move around in this game... its like giving an old turtle a downer and no cialis im close to suicide with the running speed i cant stand it... so yea fix that♥♥♥♥♥♥and do it now. Alot of broken audio and repeated loops that shouldnt be there on top of the fact a good pc can barely run this♥♥♥♥♥♥without it lagging horribly and crashing. i give this game a whopping 2 out of 5 because the concept is there but this game blows so badly i wouldnt have played it in 2001 so the next time you release something early make sure the people with less money can actually experience it with thier♥♥♥♥♥♥comps and finish the bugs you greedy fegs trying to make money before your game even runs properly!!! waste of f@#%ing money for another year of waiting!
76561198080562303,Not Recommended,518790,30061093,Posted: 20 February,all,Non-Gmo™,Just an awful boring game that you dont need.
76561198070271699,Not Recommended,518790,33236249,Posted: 4 July,all,退休续命肉锤王,"Chinese font ambiguity, GPU temperature is too high, performance needs to be optimized! The FPS is too low.Please answer.很高兴，我还是看到游戏的进步，GPU占用降低了，性能也有明显的提升，希望开发者还能继续优化性能，继续修复错误，另外中文字体模糊能不能解决。（中文字体模糊问题解决了 再给推荐）Very happy, I still see the progress of the game, GPU footprint reduced, performance also has a significant improvement, I hope developers can continue to optimize performance, continue to repair errors, and Chinese font ambiguity can be resolved."
76561198056357544,Not Recommended,518790,34138988,Posted: 9 August,all,Half-Life 3,the online is so boring even with friends
,Recommended,518790,30216354,Posted: 27 February,all,✪AKBAAR 💕🐾,"so luvly peace of art work!! what can i say, Graphics amazing, sounds amazing, living the life iniside this game is so hooking!the landscape is amazing with those difrent color of grass and wild landsjsut amazing"
,Recommended,518790,31478990,Posted: 30 April,all,bryan_brown2014,you should try to put muzzleloader's an crossbows in an have a sell button for rifles an equipment
76561198044212679,Recommended,518790,31433746,Posted: 29 April,all,XI_JARHEAD_IX,gg
76561197965173859,Recommended,518790,31505552,Posted: 2 May,all,Rager,"This is a very fun hunting game, that has RPG elements like earning money.It has all the things I wish Classic did, with a better engine. Now, all it is missing is more content. It is a very good rough draft for the future.Read most of the bad reviews, they are upset about a 4 dollar DLC. The DLC was price just right. Many of them are acting childish because a company wants to make money. Look, if it was 15 dollar DLC that had very  little I can understand. You can still get the full enjoyment out of the game without the DLC. It is not a must have.So if you want a fun hunting game, with rpg elements like manage money and amazing graphics. This is the best hunting game out. Once it gets more content, it shall easily be better than Classic."
76561198078175228,Not Recommended,518790,31009929,Posted: 7 April,all,JO_SMIFF,walked around for 2 hours saw nothing heard nothing shot nothing. 10/10 realism but i dont have days to spend playing this game in order to find one god damn animal/
,Recommended,518790,30083506,Posted: 21 February,all,harralander in runescape,"HIS WILL HAVE TWO PARTS PVE AND PVP.PVEso i got the game. make a toon it has 1,2,3,4, pages of making one. then time to give it a name. name i want is taken ok but... it backs me out to page 1 and i have to repick everything for my toon again. this took like 15m as i really wanted a variant of that name. so now i get to long into game. befor i even move using w,a,s,d, i fall thro the floor of the viking area into water. ok its a new game so i relog get back into game now i am on a floor and i am able to use w,a,s,d, and read all the tool tips. now this part of the game i loved the graphics looked good, sound was great. i leave the main town i am atked by and npc right near the exit of the main town. i ran not knowing what lv the npc was and the town guards killed it. the controls are close to mount and blade warband and so is combat. i join a guild all nice guys and gave me a few tips. also i read a bit about the game befor i got it so i would know how to spend my str, dex, hp, points. so i was told i should go at lv 1 and kill lv 1-9 npcs near town i did but i found a lv 23 when i was only lv 2. i was able to kill it and i had 75% or so of my hp left. only do this if you are good at mount and blade warband as the exp is well worth it. so imo pve is greatPVPok so i goto a town with pplz from my clan we atk said town it had no players that i could see. a few npcs. we break a few gates with our spears and swords and take said town. i get paid for helping kinda like a mini quest i guss. then i goto a tournament where if you die you lose nothing ok great good way to get exp and test my skills. haha lol. its 19 vs 21 we had the 21. so its what team can get more kills in say 10m. its was 13 to over 100 near the end of the tournament my side lost. the lag i went thro was bad. i would be hitting someone and think i am doing great next thing i knew i was on the floor dead while the person i thought i was atking had little to no dmg. so imo PVP needs a lot of work befor its worth anything and since its the main part of the game well to me anyways i would say wait to get this game till they fix lag also i would say game is worth as is 10.00-15.00 so wait for a sale."
76561198099054168,Not Recommended,518790,30360786,Posted: 6 March,all,Licadesplt,"What a joke !!  I pay $30 for the game and still Have to buy basic weapons, ammo etc etc AND  license !!!... wish I had saved my $ and time !!"
,Not Recommended,518790,33214050,Posted: 3 July,all,[S.C.] Worsin,Just buy Arma 3 and hunt people instead.Bought this and within 20 min my character fell through the world and was stuck in oblivion.
76561198058307519,Recommended,518790,31434563,Posted: 29 April,all,OG Cpt. BongDoritos,"Alright so this is as honest as I can get, and this does not include the dlc I haven't played the dlc and from what I understand I probably won't.I would appreciate it if you don't mind sticking it out til the end as it's both the good and bad.I recommend this game as it's very fun, beautiful, very realistic, and overall worth the 30 dollars I spent.People complain about the bugs left and right, none of which that i have found to date are anything more than a annoyance, such as the occasional deer running into a tree and being unkillable. None of the bugs I have found or experianced would make me refund or take back my experiances in this game.Now the first thing I want to say is this game isn't for people who just want to get in and kill stuff, it doesn't work like that in the slightliest. First animal I killed outside of the tutorial was a Fallow deer that took me 1 shot to it's upper chest, hitting 1 lung and about 5-8 minutes or running after his blood trial to find him laying down in the dirt claimed him etc. I kiled deer for a while until I managed to be able to buy a bow, being somone who prefers a bow in real life I thought this would be awesome. I was semi-dissapointed out when I figured out it was god awful and the wind in the game is always to harsh to be able to shoot an accurate shot at anything over 20 meters probably, even then it might be shetchy at best.So after going back to my original gun for a while I managed to save up enough for some other stuff new ammo etc, tbh doesn't help much but slightly easier to kill stuff. I really didn't get any return on investment as I started hunting red deer which took 2-3 shoots it seems to kill and accounting for misses. So go back to default ammo because yeah.. Save up enough for the first sidearm (.343 magnum I believe) This I took this thing isn't the second reservation as that's where I was for a while because it's better money and the game isn't that much harder to kill for the most part. Again to my dissapointment this magnum was virtually useless as when I went up against a bear that ended up rushing me after I made him mad took all 6 shots, plus 2 from my rifle before he went down, to give it some credit i did manage one time to sneak up on a whitetale and shoot it straight through the side... to say the least it bleed out in seconds, but honestly wasted more of my money. So basically only stick with rifles, I haven't tried shotguns but I'm assuming they aren't better.Alright now heres where the real bitterness of my gameplay has happened, while yes I am using the first gun, with default bullets. It is absolutely redic how long killing some animals can take, I went up against a female moose and shot it through both lungs on my first shot, shot it in the hind leg, upper left shoulder blade, after nearly 30 minutes of tracking this thing with a low blood loss rate I get it into a feild and out of breathe I take a shot and hit it in the back of the leg and it drops head... How did it survive 3 shots the first being through both lungs, run for a literal 30 minutes. Coming from a family of hunters even though it's a .243 should be able to take down a moose relatively fast if you shoot it through both lungs, a hindleg, and a shoulder blade... if it's not dead it certainly shouldn't be able to full blown spring, more then less move...Now I'm sure you're out here thinking okay, well why didn't you just buy a better rilfe? Well jokes on me apparently that there is the cost of the rifle, 12,000. And then you have to have a rifle skill of 743 (I believe) and you only get 15 or so from killing a deer if you perfectly 1 shot it with a heart shot, or something good like that. If you get it with a poor shot, persay in the spine it's about 10 or so. If it's a shot through the stomache and it bleeds to death it's like 5. (Moose and bear are about 30 if you land a 1 shot 1 kill) So it takes you lots of killing to get, I had about 40,000 (spent/saved) when I was finally able to obtain a better rifle. So overall the skill point portion of buying stuff is way to outrageous. Even with the better rifle it's not very good, it's solid enough to consistently 1 shot most deer (being a .270 I hope it would) if you get a good hit, but still isn't anything good enough for killing moose, elk, bear, bison which is semi expected but I would still assume it's good enough to take them out after hitting them twice in prime locations which it isn't. I must also not suggest hunting bear, or elk, or moose with the beginning rifle as it has taken me 8 shots to kill a bear from bleeding before.The sway on the gun is pretty heavy. And as far as your breath goes it's absolutely awful if you don't have any upgrades for it. Like seriously it must be a 70 year old man who has been smoking 2 packs a day since he was 11. At max (un-upgraded) you can only hold your breathe for about 4 seconds. Realistically you can hold your breath for about 10-15 in while hunting. But it's not to bad, even if it's only 4 seconds.But the game is really good, very realistic with the expection of some of those 300000000 bullets, and 17 hours of tracking kills that happen every now and again. The shooting in the game takes some time to get used to it's not a shooter game in the slightest. The scenery ins absolutely amazing especially on maxed out graphics. The sun being able to be seen through the trees with beams of light and you know the whole deal. If a cloud is above you the sun goes out in your direct area. Fog is very nice. Rain is great (does rain to much honestly but w/e). The sounds of the wind alone make the game immersive.If you're wanting a game that can be about as realistic as it can get without going out and hunting your self. This is the game for now. There hasn't been any games I've seen/heard of that compare. If this game was somehow made into VR and done properly, I imagine this game would be absolutely amazing.  It's also a good game with friends, though the multi-player is glitchy and has it's problems again nothing game breaking. If you want a game that is relaxing and entertaining enough to play while you're trying to un-tilt from a game of league where your team intentionally feeds this could be it."
76561198081337108,Not Recommended,518790,30457565,Posted: 11 March,all,Fat Faggot,This game is just reaaaally boring ...
76561198015526767,Not Recommended,518790,34118716,Posted: 8 August,all,NIN2,The only place you will find animals is on the games poster!
76561198275104036,Not Recommended,518790,32840890,Posted: 26 June,all,ThePixelBM,Ive been playting this for a little over an hour now and Its REALLY hard too find an animal. Out of all that time I only killed 1 animal.... the one it gave me in the tutorial. Please make is easier to find animals. Thank you.
76561198260017570,Recommended,518790,32868015,Posted: 27 June,all,djb204,"This is one of the best hunting games I ever played, but..... there are some issues. If you are willing to overlook them, then this game is for you. As for the issues...- Bow hunting can be very frustrating. The wind had such an extreme effect on the arrow, it's rediculous. This could be fixed eventually, but currently most people avoid the bows all together.I'm a controller user so...- Controller support? Hardly. Sure you can play the game with a controller to a degree, but there are some issues that WILL effect gameplay. One major issue is they have mapped the (holding breath) button to the same analog stick that makes your character move/walk. Trying to hold your breath for a shot only to ACCIDENTLY start walking and causing your scope to sway all over is rage worthy. What's worse is they offer no button remapping, so you either put up or shut up. Another issues is the crouch button is the same as the stand up button and it's bugged. Numorous times I've tried to conceal my position from an approaching animal only to immediately stand back up. It's happens if your crouched to and try to stand, your character would automatically revert back to the previous stance position. (button remapping? non-existent). Driving the ATV with a controller might seem like the way to go, but unlike mouse/KB, there is an auto center camera on controllers that limits the ability to look around while driving around. There are other controller bugs that can be found in the bug report section of the forums, but these are some of the more pressing bugs.I'm sure these bugs will be worked out eventually, but they have other bugs that take priority position. I keep coming back after every patch to read the patch notes, but controller support just isn't a top priority."
,Not Recommended,518790,35031404,Posted: 17 September,all,-𝓬𝓱𝓻𝓲𝓼-,shan af
76561198145579725,Not Recommended,518790,29987066,Posted: 17 February,all,benr8,RUBBISH dont waste your money should be on steam for £5 max
76561197975403036,Not Recommended,518790,34110087,Posted: 8 August,all,Zumbah,"Greedy, selfish devs like this should not be making games."
,Not Recommended,518790,34766236,Posted: 5 September,all,smm,boring
,Not Recommended,518790,30196069,Posted: 26 February,all,wirehack7,"The game menu is more worse than having AIDS and cancer together, with having diarrhea.Dunno who designed it, but I think she/he had no hands and no eyes. Poor one.Don't buy this crap, it's like an Alpha sold as Beta sold as Final."
,Not Recommended,518790,30230852,Posted: 27 February,all,Eyezeke,"I got really bored, the game is too realistic and slow paced."
,Recommended,518790,33510555,Posted: 13 July,all,BenTouchama - KILLER CLOWN,Hey Steam!you dont know how much i want to play this game.. but i canti dont have GTX.. cuz i have no much money..this game omggg i want to play hd .. and good fps..un fair.. :(
76561198144421536,Recommended,518790,31456172,Posted: 29 April,all,✪ Alan,gg
,Recommended,518790,31456343,Posted: 29 April,all,sirdraco9876,"From playing just under two hours this game gives a good impression and appears to be a more realistic and more serious game than the Cabella's games, without hiding everything behind a pay wall. This is what theHunter should have been.Graphically this game is beautiful. The way the light and the shadows look just make it so impressive and almost gives the impression of actually being there, and it makes you want to wander around. And the desire to explore is something you want in a hunting game right?The game play is different enough from theHunter to make it truely feel like its own game. It has a ""Quest"" system in the game which reward the player with currency. I got over 5000 within the time I played, which seems decent. They also reward the player with equipment, for example one of the missions gave me a Predator ""Jackrabbit"" call, which attracts Foxes and other animals who prey one rabbits. The only drawback is that everything in the store seems to be really expensive, but it rewards those who are better hunters.They introduced a new system which makes animals clear out of a area where there was a gunshot recently. This helps avoid the broken AI that is sometimes seen in theHunter Classic. They also made a system where the animals have a need they must fufill during certain parts of the day. This is extremely helpfun and would allow a great hunter to kill multiple animals at a time.They also added a skill system which is a massive improvement from the base game. This affects many aspects of the game, from weather to tracking to lures.This improves the game massively and makes hunting faster, funner, and eaiser.All in all, I have to say this is a excellent game and its very fun, however I do not feel that it jusifies a $30 dollar price tag. This would be something to pick up on sale or on a rainy day.Most people have a issue with the ""Tents and Ground Blinds"" dlc which seems overpriced because it adds something that should have been free and it adds a whole whopping two items for four dollars. I dont think its overpriced because both items seem useful, and they can be taken down and rebuilt anywhere. The Tents act like a fast travel beacon and the blinds help hide you while giving great sight lines around it. I just hope they dont add more tents and blinds dlc's, but instead add more to the dlc."
76561198030205296,Recommended,518790,31471556,Posted: 30 April,all,Lusthawk,"Game is being poorly reviewed in my opinion.  This game is beautiful, the sim element is great, and I'm enjoying the missions quite a bit.  The game requires some patience, which it appears most people have none of."
76561197971117075,Not Recommended,518790,30152133,Posted: 24 February,all,â„¢Ì‡Ì†ÌŒÍ­Ì…Ì”Ì”Í¨Ì’Í£ÌŽÌ¿²,theTroll: Cash in of a life time.That's what this should be called.Scopes break when you buy a bow they break on guns.Sneak is simply not possible on a keyboard unless you're the tap master 9000 just to move 20m this demands a Analogue type input varying the speed of the character something a modifier key and scroll wheel could achieve but nope.Many times the game in single player will disconnect and go black screen.Creatures that are penentrated sometimes only get flesh wound from a perfect shot bow or rifle RANDOM BODY HIT GENERATOR.BUG / GLITCH GENERATOR 2017THIS IS SOME BETA LIKE BUGS
,Not Recommended,518790,30051501,Posted: 19 February,all,HeinzeBowy,Do not get this ignore anyone who says otherwise
76561198256383354,Not Recommended,518790,33324295,Posted: 6 July,all,fisherofman2003,"Horrible,The game says that it is not compatible for my pc. Please fix this. I bought all of the dlc and I am not allowed to play it. If you are looking to buy this game please look at the game compatibility."
,Not Recommended,518790,29978521,Posted: 16 February,all,jerkysweetcorn,"absolute trash so far.  i am liking the graphics but that is about it.  the game is 1/2 done at the moment and they are charging $30.00 for this!?!?!  I do believe it will get much better but man, i told my friends about this game, my colleagues about this game, my family about this game.  HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!!THIS IS A GOD DAMN BETA VERSION FOR $30.00 THAT'S WHAT IT IS.PS. how do i get my special guns and other things since I'm a member of the hunter and The Hunter Call of the♥♥♥♥♥♥wild?"
,Not Recommended,518790,30247959,Posted: 28 February,all,cwoolman94,"Bought this game yesterday as i was dead excited for it after seeing the trailer. Purchased for £29.99 and after 1 hour realised the game is awful in its current condition. The graphics are not the best and neither is the hunting mechanism, you literally have to spend 30minutes crawling along the floor otherwise you are not shooting nothing. Until this game is fixed i am unhappy and deffo requesting refund."
,Not Recommended,518790,30033694,Posted: 19 February,all,Skryptec,"A hunting game without animals, 10/10."
76561198050152935,Not Recommended,518790,31088429,Posted: 11 April,all,XCALIBER,"game is a little boring and not too real life as it could be. whoever made this probably never did any real hunting and only watched showes about hunting. i am a hunte and know with only a bow and arrow on a plot of land , i will kill whatever i need to eat. and with a rifle hahha laughable.who says you cant run drop and hold slow breath and squezz the trigger? its just dumb."
76561198320845512,Not Recommended,518790,34022047,Posted: 4 August,all,Riick_69,NOT FUUNY
76561198283454721,Not Recommended,518790,34111676,Posted: 8 August,all,HamadBumaryoum,Most boring game I have ever played.. it could take you literally 1 full hour to hunt one animal.
,Not Recommended,518790,31309589,Posted: 22 April,all,SumJuice,"Just a very boring game that is not for me at all, returned."
,Not Recommended,518790,34115672,Posted: 8 August,all,AxelSnipes,Seriosuly? To be able to play as an ASIAN guy/girl i need to download a DLC? How is that normal? Has anyone else seen this?
,Not Recommended,518790,30560987,Posted: 16 March,all,AsianDonkey,i hsve a good computer but i caintrun this game
76561198300737470,Not Recommended,518790,34111715,Posted: 8 August,all,jamie,♥♥♥♥
76561197993839733,Not Recommended,518790,35034625,Posted: 17 September,all,Purenrgy,Dont waste your money.
76561198361110203,Not Recommended,518790,30268796,Posted: 1 March,all,colliebuddyboo,I got the game and thinking that it was not going to be lag but it is the most laggest game ive ever played. 1 out of 10
76561198299905400,Not Recommended,518790,30202639,Posted: 26 February,all,What,"I can't even run it well, It looks good but I have to put everything on low or off to run it."
,Not Recommended,518790,34122829,Posted: 9 August,all,9iNe Shot,cant even see no animal
76561198243576340,Not Recommended,518790,34961644,Posted: 14 September,all,Cranford,"Spent over $35 USD on this game just to walk around, no deer to be found even after 3 hours. I'm definately requesting a refund."
76561198251263562,Not Recommended,518790,35444199,Posted: 3 October,all,СУКА 雷霆咆笑,"F@CK this game, It lost my file,I have benn play this game for years!!!!  Now it's all gone F@ck!"
76561198071850345,Recommended,518790,29959186,Posted: 16 February,all,XsurbanatorX,If you have a old computer i would not try this as i only got 20 frames standing still and 5 if i move. Still great game but stilll....
,Recommended,518790,34064336,Posted: 6 August,all,fuckoff,"prettyjust spend the ext ra 4 bucks for a 4x4 thoits like so ♥♥♥♥ing huge its insane   (the map)(((((((((((((thatswhatSheSaID(()))))))))))))you get to fucdk nicol;as wilde and judy hopps good enough for mealso you get to like fukc coyotesisnt that wonderfulyou ♥♥♥♥ing furry piece of ♥♥♥♥ing garbagealso like 870% percent of people here are ♥♥♥♥ing japs and chinks who cant actually hunt because theyre slinty eyes cant see the animals or the guvrmint duddn lettem get fukcinn  guns to hunt animals or some shhit lolto put more emphasis on this♥♥♥♥♥♥ive seen like some ♥♥♥♥ing gooks trying to act like REAL AMERICA WESTERN 101 HUNTER YES and they like shoot a big buck but they hit it in such an awful goddamn spot. like they hit a big ♥♥♥♥ign whitetail in its ♥♥♥♥ing left thigh and their like ""LOL IM LE HUNTER WESTERN ROUND EYE 101 BING BONG""zipperheads get outthats why they eat dogs, yo!laundry sucks!"
76561198152672464,Not Recommended,518790,30018276,Posted: 18 February,all,Wrst,broing. as. ♥♥♥♥. i walked around a forest for over half an hour. no animals nothing just rocks trees and water. make a game worth playing.
76561198118613708,Not Recommended,518790,35460327,Posted: 3 October,all,Takyon,"I mean its okay, but like its only fun for four hours. Dont really need any other guns to kill the things, and its impossible to die pretty much unless youre an autist. I mean you just shoot animals and like yea thats it. Its not bad but i mean its not great. Like i mean its not thirty dollars fun but like 99% off on steam? Maybe. I mean its just like boring, kinda♥♥♥♥♥ Dont really do much, Yea. That's it. Not too good. Pretty boring. I mean its not a bad awful its prolly the best hunting game. But i mean whats the competition. In that case i guess it would also be the worse hunting game out there now. Its pretty boring. You can buy atvs guess, thats kinda cool. I guess. Meh."
76561198086246557,Not Recommended,518790,30169458,Posted: 25 February,all,flyer00jay,"I am running an Alienware i7 3840QM with 32GB RAM /Video Card AMD Radeon 7970 4GB RAMLooked promising, but crashes to desktop everytime I try to walk a few feet. The first refund I will ask for.Too bad reallly, I was looking forward to it."
,Not Recommended,518790,29960081,Posted: 16 February,all,Kulta-Jaska,Call of Duty in the countryside. Feels too arcade and many core elements will be released as dlc.
76561198051755671,Not Recommended,518790,29979114,Posted: 16 February,all,jasonhawkins41,"Walk, Walk, walk, Walk, Walk, Walk, shoot, Walk, walk, Walk, Walk, Walk, Miss, Walk, Walk, Walk, Walk, Boring!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30162624,Posted: 25 February,all,NIGHT_G,Crashed so hard every time i tried to shoot something. HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO BE A APEX PREDATOR YOU CUCKS!?
,Recommended,518790,30384366,Posted: 7 March,all,This Is Dark Wolf,"I may have 3 hours clocked on this game so far. But damn man. I love my all time favorite hunting game, Deer Hunter Season 2005. I dispised the microtransactions of theHunter which is why I didn't play it for very long. I've been waiting for Expansive Worlds to wise up and make a stand alone title of theHunter and my patience paid off. This is a wonderful game for anyone who loves hunting experiences. It's a beautiful game and shooting feel really damn good.Don't buy if you like to shoot something every momentary second. Buy another FPS if that's what you want.You will-1) Run around2) Probably not see anything for a long duration of time3) Hear an animal and ask yourself 50 times where it is4) Chase squirrels5) Miss your shot and curse6) Have to track a deer that is running a marathon across the map7) Start to pick flowers and get high on pixel life.In other words, just buy the damn game."
,Recommended,518790,30212701,Posted: 26 February,all,Maddie,"At first I found it a lot like a hiking simulator, but then I realized it is not. Animals are common, but you have to be stealthy or else they are probably long gone before you get there.It is extremely realistic an detailed a mst have for any hunting fan. Excellent work keep it up."
76561198302753173,Recommended,518790,30020375,Posted: 18 February,all,✫Kitsune✫,This is a great game it just looks amazing and the gameplay is great as well but there are some glitches here and there but they rarely ever happen. i strongly reccomend this game for those who like hunting games
76561198136587450,Recommended,518790,30406163,Posted: 9 March,all,Eilif,"I was a little nervous getting this game, as many reports problems with game crash, lag and freeze. Guess i am a lucky one, as i never encountered this at all. It really runs smoothly even on the highest settings. I run the game on an MSI Intel i7-4720HQ, 16GB RAM, NVIDIA GTX960.This is the most beautiful game i ever played where you walk in an astonishing surroundings. You just cant help but stop frequently to enjoy the view. The animals also looks good with nice animation. If i should put my finger on anything, the lake / ponds could maybe have a better texture.The sounds are good and with no problems to hear where they coming from. But at some random events, some of the sounds dissappear or turns in to noise. Not the best thing when using earplugs.You have the option to start in two different maps, Central European and North-west American. Both maps are huge with so many places to explore, you could easily play for houndreds of hours before you been on all the places.The animals however, seems to need more work. As it is now, there are some issues. An animal trying to run away from you, can end up being stuck if a tree or rock stands in their path. I also seen animals getting stuck in a loop, such as an animal chance direction when hitting tree A, and turns towards tree B, so it chance direction to tree A again and therefor chance direction again to tree B. In the tutorial, they tell us about hunting pressure and animals would avoid areas where you just killed. This isnt true at all. Animals doesnt seem to care about this for a second and would gladly walk in to an area and stand besides their fellow mates who just got shot. There are a dozen number of animals to hunt, and some of them is to be expected to attack you in defence. But if i stand only 6-7 meters away from a black bear or big moose and shoot but only get a flesh hit, i am still not attacked. The only time i got injured from an animal was when standing at its running-away path, and was runned over. And since animals are running away from you, not towards you, this is obviously not something you need to worry happen often.I have also come across animals who just stands there frozen. This is at night, so i guess they are sleeping. But if i shoot them without getting instant kill, they just run 2-3 steps before they stop and freeze again. It looks very weird.One thing i noticed first time i played this was how slow i walk. Its realistic, as you are hunting and wouldnt like to make noise. So crouching should be slow moving. But normal walking are just as well slow and walking up the stairs to a watch tower reminded me of walking with my grandmother. So it all ends up with me running around. Thats actually not so bad. Its extremly noisy and scares animals around you. In this way i can find out if there is any animals around me at all and if there is, where they are from their warning calls.The game have a nice earn money and skill system making you work to improve and afford better equipment.All in all, this is a game i enjoy and would keep playing. You need a little patient, just like in real life. But is nice and relaxing game to play when you have no time pressure upon you. The only downside for me is the animal behaviour and running path that needs an improvement. This is not an alpha game, so i am not shure it will ever be fixed."
,Recommended,518790,30424925,Posted: 10 March,all,lucianoip,"After 50 hours of gameplay I can make a review not based on emotion.TLDR: If you like hunting games, or want a different experience from the action games / FPS, buy it!Graphics:The game is beautiful. Landscapes are gorgeous. Lighting is awesome. Wind is awesome, leaves flying with the direction and strenght of the wind...animals are beautiful too...Everything about graphics are great in this game. I've been playing video games for 30 years and this is the first time I really enjoy not doing anything but looking around.My PC is not high end (i5 4460, 8GB, GTX 970) and I can play with good FPS on high, average on ultra.Gameplay:The game is hard. At least until you understand what is a hunting game, you'll probably get frustated. You will have hard time finding anything to shoot. And if you find, you'll ending doing a poor shot, because of the physics (they re very good).And the game is slow. Not the movements and stuff, but hunting is a slow down experience...You cant go running all around.So if you want a different experience from high speed FPS like Overwatch, CoD, BF, etc, this is a good game for you.I'm really enjoying it. A lot. I see me playing this for like 1000 hours at least (if the game receive updates for more content). With the actual content, I guess I'll have like 100-200 hours of fun, because is kinda hard to get exp and money."
,Recommended,518790,30424935,Posted: 10 March,all,pleX,"Not quite a hunting simulation, but very fun. Aesthetically, the game is gorgeous. The dense vegetation, sun rays, shadows and textures make for a very immersive experience. The sound is done very well, although I wish there was a slider for certain sound effects like rain, which can get quite loud.Gameplay-wise, the game is good, but not fantastic yet. The ui and certain features and menus seem quite rushed. The animal and their behavior is overall pretty solid, but I am disappointed there isn't a deep truRACs feature like the original thehunter where trophies were unique and all the animals were different. With this system, you simply have a ""trophy score"" added to get your final overall score after a harvest.The game is more arcadey than the previous thehunter (called classic now) There are many more animals, the score system is not as refined and deep, but it makes for a good game you can pick up and play for about 30 minutes and still have a successful hunt.The game does suffer from several technical bugs and crashes and should have been released as an early access game, but once the kinks are ironed out I think this game can be great. So far the early patches have been excellent in this regard. I recommend this to anyone who is a fan of hunting, but also to anyone who simply wants to be immersed and experience the thrill of hunting and tracking.  I recommend having a very solid gaming PC, however, because in my opinion the biggest draw to this game is being immersed in the large maps and vegetation, so if you don't have a great PC and would have to run it on low settings I couldn't recommend it."
76561198079286391,Recommended,518790,30408224,Posted: 9 March,all,MW,"For long time I'm trying to find a game that give me the same experience like Deer Hunter 2005 and I've found that in theHunter: Call of the WildA very immersive game, interesting, with espetacular graphics. The character development hold you on the game and makes you want to play everytime. The unlock system for new weapons hold you on game and makes you want to advance and hunt the more big and dangerous animals.I only miss a Trophy Room, so we can see and compare the stuffed animals, not by just numbers. (Like in Deer Hunter 2005)Há muito tempo venho tentando encontrar um jogo que me proporcionou a mesma experiência que Deer Hunter 2005 e encontrei isso em theHunter: Call of the WildUm jogo bem imersivo, interessante, com gráficos espetaculares. O desenvolvimento do personagem te prende e te faz querer jogar toda hora. O sistema de desbloquear armas novas te prende ao jogo, fazendo você querer mais e mais avançar para conseguir progredir e caçar animais maiores e mais perigosos.Só faltou uma sala de Troféu para a gente ver e comparar os animais abatidos sem ser apenas por números. (Como existia no Deer Hunter 2005)"
,Recommended,518790,30405742,Posted: 9 March,all,CatataFish,"If you like the old Hunter then you will most certainly love this one. Even though you need to grind a lot to earn fancy new weapons, it's great to play. The maps are huge and beautiful. A few bugs occur now and then but that doesn't stop me from playing and following the game development. Furthermore the game has no microtransactions unlike the older Hunter.About the bugs, they're not too bad so I don't mind waiting for a few fixes."
76561198008973226,Recommended,518790,30406391,Posted: 9 March,all,Marine03,Great looking game.
,Recommended,518790,30420740,Posted: 9 March,all,Banjo,"First off this game does seem similiar to what you would expect in an early access... regardless I still recommend this game. I'm going to start with the cons then transition to the pros I find in this game.Cons:a) Many bugs. The scope will sometimes bug out and it wont actually scope in and there is NO fix other than restarting (this applies to most bug's solutions). The terrain can be buggy in certain parts of the reservatins, mainly in the mountains because you can prone and see under the map. There are more smaller ones but those are the ones I encounter frequently.b) Multiplayer is near useless. If you want to get the full experience of the game I think the multiplayer actually TAKES from the experience. Only the host can interact with things on the reservation. The game has no tracker for who has the highest trophy score at the moment. The only semi-fun thing you can do with your friends is the multiplayer challenges.c) I'm not 100% sure about this but I'm pretty sure the game is poorly optimized. There are areas in the reservations which fps drops to hell, these points wont even make sense why it's dropping (I've gotten fps drop looking at the face of the rock). If you encounter a herd of deer and they all begin to trot or run at the same time the game can completely♥♥♥♥♥♥itself, I've had some friend's games crash because of this.Pros:a) The game is beautiful, I don't think I need to elaborate.b) Guns feel great, it definitely has a pretty good selection to choose from. The integrity mechanic regarding the guns is a good way to incite diversity in your hunting. The grind that it takes to get better weapons is also fun imo, some people may shy away from grinding but it's nice to not run through a game in < 20 hours.c) Every patch makes this game almost 2x better. Their polishing the gameplay and fixing bugs each patch and I'm assuming they'll move on to more 'fun' additions to the game. The developers are listening to the community which is nice, the changes are coming and that's all I really need to know for the future of this game's development.Verdict: Basically early access but worth the price. Not for the impatient players."
76561198074409640,Recommended,518790,30420637,Posted: 9 March,all,Mason gamdom.com,I like this game alot but it has alot of crashing issues. i was behind like 30 bison shot about 3 them ♥♥♥♥♥es and my ggame crashed. They need to fix this.
,Recommended,518790,30434206,Posted: 10 March,all,brockblocks,Great game! Very Very Fun But Requires a very good Computer. I wish there was a demo so that you can test and see if your pc can run the game. I would highly reccomend this game to a friend.
76561198173278279,Not Recommended,518790,30435454,Posted: 10 March,all,camdo66 SuperiorServers.co,every time i try to start the game i am brought to a message that says unable to start and i would like a refund please.
76561198007759685,Not Recommended,518790,30436965,Posted: 10 March,all,three7s69,"After tracking down a moose with a low bleed, ended up on the last blood drop... And no more drops. Not just that the game isn't drawing any more tracks from any animal, even with every option on the game refuses to draw any more when it reachs a certain amount of tracks examined. For two straight kill shots, one a moose, and one a blacktail deer, this game is a loss. What a waist of Money!"
76561198076045985,Not Recommended,518790,30437275,Posted: 10 March,all,Soard666,"If all the bugs were removed, this would be one of the best games I've ever played!Pros:The game has superlative realistic graphics and sound! You should see it on a 4K display!It requires some patience to play, similar to true hunting.Generally beautiful game!Cons:Several glitches!Deer get stuck running in their places. Or sometimes go in circles. Or sometimes, they just stand still; even looking you in the eye as you shoot them in the face! And when they decide it's time to move… they charge at you like they are possessed! They tend to be invincible sometimes as well! I emptied full 6 rounds of .357 in to the cranium of a stand still dear… and it decided to ram me as soon as I was done; killing me instead! Seriously?!After several hours of game play… the tracks disappear! I can't find anymore footprints or blood spots of any kind! Even when an animal walks past me, or I shoot it and try to look for it… no more tracks what so ever! I have to restart the game to ""temporarily"" get the tracks back until they disappear on me after a few minutes of gameplay!I get killed if I sometimes walk through branches, or walk against a branch! A bison may run me over and some of my health is depleted… BUT WALKING IN TO A BRANCH IS LETHAL!Sounds, though realistic… seem to be sometimes buggy as I play on… they cut out and come back, especially during the rain or wind. I never have any problems with other game sounds but this…I'm not able to play this game anymore. I hope I didn’t waste my money on it, cause at its present state… it's unplayable! But hopefully more patches will be made for it. HOPEFULLY!"
,Recommended,518790,30435137,Posted: 10 March,all,MikeThyson-[NW]-,Game was released too quickly still has some bugs here and there overall the game is hella fun.Bugs a side worth every penny
,Recommended,518790,30602861,Posted: 18 March,all,Mai7Viac,"Just a couple thoughts on this game. First, this is probably one of the best hunting games out right now, it feels like there's been a dry spell for these over the past few years. Understandable since it's a small fan base I'm sure. Nonetheless, this game is quite fun and enjoyable to play solo. A couple thoughts after putting in 12-15ish hours:- The game is quite slow paced, I saw a joke of ""walking simulator 2017"" and it's not far off. I'd love to see an ATV or the ability to fast travel to blinds/stands/lookouts.- This one time, I shot a doe in the head and it ran away. When I eventually tracked it down the shot tracker basically showed the bullet going right into the center of the skull and said ""flesh, skull, jaw"" So yeah...that happens- Personally, I think putting guns behind a level-up wall is BS. At least give me some other options.- Also, I have yet in my life to see a single-shot 7mm Magnum that someone actually takes hunting.- More guns plz. Seriously, there's like 9 rifles.- The stealth system could use a little more balance. For example: I want two speeds of crouch walking (toggle crouch, hold shift to move a little faster). Then walking should not producer the same amount of sound as running. You can walk quite softly through the woods IRL- The UX is strange. It took me 10 minutes to figure out that items in the store scroll left to right- Speaking of store, the text on the guns and stuff moves really fast, be nice if the space for the text was a little bigger so it didn't have to scroll.Please don't take my critisism to mean it's a bad game. It's not at all. In fact I've quite enjoyed the few hours I've put in. I hope it gets some updates and changes in the future. Definetly recommend if you're into the whole hunting genre."
76561198107438733,Recommended,518790,30566774,Posted: 17 March,all,Exodus,"Absolutely beatiful game. Several glitches and bugs with animal AI and terrain objects but 42 hours in and the game still hasn't crashed once, guess I'm lucky. Looking forward for new species, particularly small game and birds.Some toughts though:- Weapon zeroing should be a default instead of a skill you can learn.- Shooting birds, rabbits and squirrels could give some cash/experience/weapon score.- Integrity bonus based on caliber is a bit strange. State of the hide and meat comes down so much more on the shot placement and cartridge."
76561197987078807,Recommended,518790,30600354,Posted: 18 March,all,Kali,+2
76561198081552870,Recommended,518790,30600537,Posted: 18 March,all,jeremymeyermeyermeyermeyer,beautiful game really fun but small issues like kill shots not regstering and animals can run for far to long after being shot
,Recommended,518790,30658457,Posted: 21 March,all,Kensei,"Get it on SaleWell, it's a hunting game. Nice atmosphere, huge map. Forests are interesting, and the landmarks are quite well crafted.Honestly, the game is great as an idea, the current execution is bad though. Audio sorces are flipped (ie you see things in front of you, they make noise behinde you), there are some awkward places where you can get stucke in the world geometry as well as having a somewhat poor customization choices.Some mechanics are questionable, examples being of skills that should be passive, but are active, as well as silent hunting weapons such as a bow, spooking half the forest.Finally, there are some glaring AI issues. Simplistic animal logic aside, they sometimes completely break and sit in one place. The game is absent of a food chain. Bears and Deer, Coyotes and Elks, they are one big happy family waiting for you to slaughter them.Maybe in 10-15 updates game will be awesome, as it is now, it's a 6/10."
76561198300470300,Recommended,518790,30657670,Posted: 21 March,all,Randal,45 hours into this game. Meh its ok.
76561198330669529,Recommended,518790,30662716,Posted: 21 March,all,Water Pete,"I love this, I absolutley ADORE IT, way better than the original, but I feel like everytime I have my fun with every weapon I use, I crave more, and sadly, that craving is getting bigger. I do reccomend bring some weapons over from the original the K98K or the .223 Semi Auto rifle, but make it a Colt M16A1 reborn version? It's a civillian type weapon, semi auto only and it works for the 5.56 or .223"
,Recommended,518790,30656295,Posted: 21 March,all,TAW | CajunX,"Im quietly crouching through the woods, making no noise. the night is alive around me, crikets and cacaidas are signing their songs. full moon reflecting off the lake to my right, tall mountain looming over my left. then, out of nowhere a huge freaking moose comes crashing through the brush 10 feet from me. I♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants.Would♥♥♥♥♥♥my pants again 10/10"
,Recommended,518790,30080224,Posted: 21 February,all,Benneboii@twitch,My old review is no longer valid. Game is fixed and right now it's an amazing peice of art!
,Recommended,518790,30488046,Posted: 13 March,all,imonedesign,"I'm happy to write my first review ever here in steam for this amazing game, I'm having a good time playing and relaxing after work, It's just so nice to walk around in the woods looking for your next hunt while enjoying the beautiful landscapes! I can't ask for more..."
,Recommended,518790,30423939,Posted: 10 March,all,Crafted,"TL;DRIf you are patient, enjoy wonderful scenery, leveling up really slow but like to have a goal that takes forever- then this is your game. It's wonderful to look at, but graphics are better in the gameplay-trailers- Which I find a bit misleading.Besides that, it's all about being patient and taking your time.It's not worth it's full price, but DO buy this if it's on sale.-----PLEASE NOTEI played this only on Hirchfelden Reserve and the review is based on SingleplayerThe Storyisn't important and it's no problem straying from your given tasks. Not only is it optional but you don't get pressured into doing anything at all. They mostly sound like friendly requests, and that's what it feels like as well.They do get more challenging the further you go. In terms of challenge, this goes for aquiring equiment, shooting challenging pictures and game.I didn't really concern myself with the quests, but they do maintain a certain aspect of interest of the game. Both visually and gameplay-wise.You do unlock lore by discovering/visiting places in the game. As since the reserves are based on real places,- the lore you discover is just as real. It's easy/interesting reading and you'll have something to do while waiting for an animal to pop up.Performance and GraphicsIt's just a whole-lot of wonderful scenery and beautiful landscape to take in. If you keep moving from place to place- you never really get tired of the visually striking environment. For some reason, I have experienced multiple FPS-drops on different places. I don't know why but it's barely noticeable.Animals ranging from bears and hogs to deer and rabbits- they all look fairly good looking and behave accordingly. Animal reactions to your presents and actions are quite realistic. Both you and all animals leave a trail on the ground, pushing bushes and grass aside to leave a mark of where you've/they've been. Details like these make it look and feel just so good.Besides the fantastic graphics that some would mistake for real life, it's a downer when you are at the corner of a big cornfield watching for a fox or a red deer- that the drawing distance falls off. Beyond 100m, objects like corn and rocks gradually disappear. There are windmills east of the reseve. If you watch them from far away - these do not have blades on them.My guess is that this is a camouflaged option of optimizing the game's FPS and balancing it with draw-distance. This reminds you that it's a game and kill the realism of it.GameplayAs mentioned above, there is a draw distance in the game and this is actually a problem for a achievement that tell you to hit a animal from 400m. Because at approximately 400-405 meters, the animals disappear from your screen. If you move closer to it, it reappears (about 380-390m). Beyond 350 meters, animals no longer react to gunshot sound either, and both of these factors can kill the thrill of the hunt.I've encountered a few other problems during my travels.I'm just gonna list some examples:* Track-highlighting and animal outlines gradually stop showing when transition from day to night. Reappear once transitioned to day again.* Animals get stuck in trees, rocks and other obstacles while running. Easy but boring kills do occur.* Fast traveling sometimes remove explored animal-need-spots, like drinking spots or places they sleep. Uncertain if this is intentional.* Rain does not show through riflescopes.* Sound indicator rarely correspond to the given sounds you make. Sounds that sound noisy actually isn't. When standing still on certain places- like in a bush or next to a tree but look around you, you generate alot of noise but it doesn't show on the indicator.* Loud sounds like thunder or powerful wind does not decrease/cover the sound the player make.DO NOTlet this scare you! It's the small things that bother the most picky persons that hunt for both game and details. The gameplay itself if wonderful and intense.When you hunt for anything particular and stick to a spesific game, that's when it starts getting seriously fun! Find tracks, estimate where it is, move slowly so it doesn't see you, thinking of the wind direction to avoid it smelling you- and so on. Once you hear it calling out, closer and closer, your heart start pumping faster. If you are lucky, it's walking your direction and you can hear it rattle the leaves and bushes. Rain dripping on your clothes and dense vegetation that decreases your visibility in the foggy forest start to feel extremely real at this point. All you can do it sit and wait with your rifle aiming it's direction until it shows it's feet or antlers. It's noisy, but everything feels more quiet until you take your shot. Even I got scared of my own shots multiple times.I shot it just where I hoped it would, but it's running away. I start picking up the trail while reloading the rifle. Blood splatters indicate a vital hit and it's bleeding alot. just 3-5 minutes later, I find that beautiful creature and harvest it.Leveling, points, perks and mapIt's a REALLY slow process to level up, gaining perks and skill points. I don't know how it works, but I think it's like that you get perk points from lvl X and skill point after next one. When exploring, you can find collectables like antlers as well. These increase your XP and is a good addon to modestly increase the fun-factor of exploring.Trackhunting, discovering new places, spotting animals and hunting them is the way to earn XP. If you are bad at hunting, then you'll have a hard time leveling up.Perks increase spesific weapon-usage like the rifle and skill points increase your overall skills as a character. Skills have alot of variation, but I feel the perks lack alot more options per weapon.The map is big. Really big. It pinpoints locations and points of interest for you to discover and it's actually fun exploring it. Alone or with friends, you can place markers on the map for you to follow. Those markers will also tell you how much time it takes to walk there and the distance to it from your current position.The map is sadly not as detailed as I would prefer. The problem with this is that small details of the terrain do not show on the map, and doing a precise marking of something is hard to do.Pros:* No DLC's! Good job with that!* Not too bad arsenal of weapons, lures and scopes. I guess you could have more but I don't care.* Slow-paced.* Extremely big map and LOT's of hunting grounds* Beautiful-looking game* Fantastic sound-effects/quality* Intense moments happen alot when tracking down your game, making everything really exciting* Perks to increase e.g. tracking skills. This system feels realistic in terms of knowledge and experience you gain from hunting and harvesting.Cons:* Slow-paced. Sometimes feel like nothing ever happens (this can be a good thing!)* Stressing to find games to hunt and KoS- kills the joy of the game and makes it boring.* Leveling up is based on kills, harvesting, spotting new places and building places to hunt. It takes a LONG time to get a high level.* You are stuck with limited equipment and won't be able to aquire more unless you level up.* You can get stuck and hurt yourself on objects, rocks etc. When crouching, you can't climb as well as when you are standing- meaning hunting in close-quarters near steep ground end up like if it's a invisible maze around you.* ""Applying"" changes to resolution sometimes does not work for some reason.* Player-markers, track-highlightings and wildlife appearances needs work as since they glitch/get stuck/don't appear after long-time traveling or transition from day to night. The only way to fix this is by fast-traveling or restarting the game.I highly recommend this game to everyone.It's slow paced, rich on details, and have alot of joy for hunters. I dare say that it's close to the best hunting-simulators there is."
,Recommended,518790,30897106,Posted: 2 April,all,Warhead,Brilliant graphics and challenging gameplay. need patience and time to do well at this one.Currently as of 2/4/17  there are 2 reserves that are massive in size with north american and European game.Worth a Buy for a chill out relaxing game or if you have liked hunting games in the past.
76561198044273431,Recommended,518790,30934058,Posted: 3 April,all,Golden Silence,"This is what the original theHunter should have been, total freedom, beautiful scenery, actual objectives and challenges besides ""try hit that deer"", and no arbitrary restrictions on only hunting the most elusive and skittish deer with the ♥♥♥♥♥iest gun. Totally worth the $30 it asks for, unlike the original subscription thing. (Paid DLC is probably inevitable)"
,Recommended,518790,30935458,Posted: 3 April,all,Sarcofogus Williams,"This game is a lot of fun. It is relaxing to explore and take photos, and I enjoy the hunting quite a bit."
,Recommended,518790,30933290,Posted: 3 April,all,gaming bear,i really want top play this game but everytime i launch the game it trys to load and then crashes so please fix/update this
,Not Recommended,518790,30934412,Posted: 3 April,all,colborne_greg,"The missions like taking a picture of two bears, just ruin the game.Amzing graphics.It says 1000 species but you can only hunt a dozen.It's a time waster that will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off."
,Recommended,518790,30909566,Posted: 2 April,all,Isengrine,"Some annoying bugs, but overall, straight upgrade from the classic version (especially the payment model)"
,Recommended,518790,30907646,Posted: 2 April,all,Irmeli,"I did not really expect much from this game but apparently I'm pretty good shot.. who knew?Game is really pretty, sounds are quite authentic, animal AI sometimes gets stuck on hills/rocks/trees.progression on levels gets somewhat slow at some point.Still I will recommend this as a filler-game. Buy in discount for better experience."
76561198032088713,Recommended,518790,30915537,Posted: 2 April,all,Gabriel Yu Law,"I've been having fun with this game for a little over two weeks. I like it a lot and would recommend it.I'll just give you some pros and cons rather than some tl;dr in depth review.PROS:Beautiful enviroment with immersive weather and day night cyclesAccurate, and immersive sounds from the environment and surrounding animalsDecently Realistic animal behaviors and senses, including smell sight and sound awareness.Option to vary the degree of realism (offers the choice of toggling various visual assistance effects)Landmarks and Lore points throughout the map add depth and interesting information.Good weapon mechanicsFairly indepth tutorialGood choice of weaponsAwesome X-ray view breakdown of kills to show shot placement and anatomy effectedEuropean and American Pacific Hunting worlds availableMaps are EXPANSIVE. Lots of places to go.Multiplayer CapableActive Dev team making corrections oftenCons:Honestly, the only real con I can think of that isn't just a subjective opinion  would be the Bugs.There are several bugs, the most of these occur in multiplayer. Nothing gamebreaking per se, but some that can be quite irritating.(I would personally like there to be even more types of animals to hunt, ie, Rams, Caribou, Grizzlies, Turkeys, more species of deer)Quick Bug list and frequency of occurrence as of 4/2/2017:1) Animal AI not initiating properly leading to helpless game standing still. (Occasionally in both SP And MP) (in 2 weeks of playing, iv'e seen it 4 times)2) Animal Entity State failing to update properly, leading to animals running in place after being shot, and then being non-harvestable after being killed.   (In MP, Occurs Frequently (~30% of kills)  *NEVER occurs in SP.* ---Possible Netcode issue)3) Deer Bleat call can be heard loudly by the player when being used by any other players on the map, regardless of location or distance in world. (Always/100% bug rate. MP bug only)4) Animals Struck by Player weapon leaving no tracks or blood trails whatsoever. (Rarely happens on both MP and SP) (Happened twice in 45 hrs of playtime once each on MP and SP modes)5) Certain Animal call lures will glitch when you crouch while they are triggering their animation/sound file, causing the player to be unable to use the caller again until after switching between active items. (100% with certain callers both MP and SP) --minor irritation.6) Tritium (glowdot) iron sights auto-unequiping from rifle when switching between items. (100% MP and SP)7) Scope sights removed from backpack and left in storage still equipable. (100% SP & MP)"
76561198031276675,Recommended,518790,30841230,Posted: 30 March,all,Scrimpy,Honestly the best hunting game made since Deer Hunter. 10/10
76561198213027543,Recommended,518790,30844800,Posted: 30 March,all,ultrakeller,"Truly the most beautiful game of any genre I've played to date.  They've put so much detail into the landscape, and everything flows seemlessly from one area to the next.  It feels like a very real place from the moment you start walking around.  Day and night transition perfectly, and the animals feel like they have realistic need based behavior to match.  The sounds and weather are perfectly done.  Crank up the speakers and take in the insects, rain and howling wind.. then crap your pants the first time you startle a moose or coyote.  I can't say enough about the beauty and scale of this game.  There are a few bugs - but just minor annoyances that I'm sure will be addressed in time.  None of them are gamebreakers.   I was really on the fence about buying this, but it's turned out to be my best purchase in a long time.  Do yourself a favor and add it to your collection :)"
76561198038415022,Recommended,518790,31302606,Posted: 22 April,all,jackncheeze,"I really enjoy this game. REALLY! The objective sounds basic and simple: Track down animals using a tracking device and shoot the animal.Except the game is a lot more difficult and slow paced than it sounds. It has taken me more than 20 real mintues just to kill a single black bear. But after playing an intense game of Rainbow Six Siege this game is perfect to relieve yourself. The graphics are great and it is super fun to finally kill an animal after such a long track.In my opinion, most people who think negatively against this game are people who are too impacient or do not have a computer who can run the game well enough.NOTE: If you are a bit impacient you may not enjoy the game as much as others.But anyway, i have had a lot of fun and cant wait to keep playing it."
76561197972578717,Recommended,518790,30791388,Posted: 28 March,all,Bundu,"It's hard to give this game a thumbs down. There's a lot to love, but there are also an unacceptable amount of bugs and some missing features (fowl hunting, mobile outpost, equipment variety). Now that they announced the development of versions for PS4 and XBone, PC gamers are concerned how dedicated EW will be to fixing their broken product. They claim they won't give up on us, but only time will tell.Edit 4/18/2017Happy to change review to ""reccomend"" due to the progress made in the past few patches. Still hope to see some added features, but I'd be willing to pay for them as DLC."
,Recommended,518790,30361061,Posted: 6 March,all,ragnar,vet lol met vrienden zombies kille
,Recommended,518790,30365309,Posted: 6 March,all,☭SatanSucksSausages☭,"If you're not sure if you want to buy this game, just do it. This game has the best scenery and god rays of any hunting game. The fact that the game is only $30 USD is a steal. Granted there are issues every now and then but they are working on fixes. I haven't had any major issues with the game (i.e. crashes, major fps loss, etc) the only time my fps drops is when I've been tracking an animal for a loooong time. That could've been avoided by just taking time and wait for a cleaner shot. Nonetheless, that is problem that should be fixed ASAP. Other than the game is wonderful 10/10 would recommend.PC Specs:AMD FX-8350 cpu (non-overclocked)16 GB Ram (2400 mHz)Sapphire R9 290X750W PSUmy average FPS i would say is around 55.i play on everything on high with motion blur off, and filtering on 2x."
,Recommended,518790,30368158,Posted: 6 March,all,Fatass Edgelord of Vaginetown,"Fun gameplay. Still developing weekly, and hope the devs add dogs and stuff soon!"
,Recommended,518790,31246832,Posted: 19 April,all,deanholcroft,"played a few hours now, i find the game intresting and enjoyable, lots of users are reporting clitches that i havnt seen or expeirenced, good graphics and game play, altho wen i played multiplayer i found animals was clitching like the bear was running and moving nowere, i fired around 17 shots into it and nothing, running this game on a msi i5 4460s with a gtx 960 and 16gb off kingston rame ddr3l, also installed on my corsair gaming rig i5 6600 with a gtx 1060 3gb and 32 gb off corsair vengeance ddr 4, happy hunting"
76561198334953655,Recommended,518790,31262128,Posted: 20 April,all,apetry92,"There is a problem with the sounds in the game.for example you can not hear the sounds of your footsteps,the sound of your gun,or callers etc. And i would like to respawn in the last place i was and not at the outpost.I would ask the developers to add a vehicle so you can travel easier arround the map."
,Not Recommended,518790,30720579,Posted: 25 March,all,Som_Zabil,"Nekupovať . Samá chyba za chybou, zvuky su chrapľavé veľmi nepríjemné, DLC samá chyba stany sa strácaju ako keby boli len na jedno použitie no v batohu či inventári ho už nenajdete ak použijete ATV4x4 tak si už nezastrielate poplaší zver na kilometre ďaleko čiže sa môžete rovno odhlásiť. Asi sa nebudem ani mýliť keď tu napíšem že táto hra ma viacej chýb ako prvá hra na PC vôbec... Zvieratá sa chovajú neprirodzene . Nebudem to tu vypisovať všetko je toho naozaj veľa viz RECENZIE. Toto by som sa hanbil vydať aj ako beta verziu . Čistá zlodejčina.( Môj názor )Not to buy. The error itself, the sound is very unpleasant, the DLC error itself will happen as if it were disposable only in a backpack or you will not find the inventory if you use the ATV4x4 so you can not stop popping the game a kilometer away, so you can just log off. If not, do not forget that this game has more errors than the first PC game at all ... Animals behave unnaturally. I'm not going to list it all here, it's really a lot of see PICTURE. This could also happen in the beta version. A clean thief.(My opinion) translated by google translator."
76561198037437943,Not Recommended,518790,31181624,Posted: 16 April,all,TheyCallMeJohnWick,"It's like TheHunter, except without the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. It is really buggy however.Edit: I have learnt that this game has tracking software along with it, called 'Tracking.AvalanchStudios' and I can't be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to check if the devs said anything about it, however that doesn't change how sus it is."
,Recommended,518790,31585469,Posted: 6 May,all,Dark Overlord,"Great grame, still needs a little more though"
,Not Recommended,518790,30176451,Posted: 25 February,all,HedsBgon,"Lets start by saying ""I am impressed with the outstanding graphics, even at meduim settings.""But: don't buy this incomplete, at best a bad beta quality. Bugs are too many and counting. It fails at so many levels. The only thing is it's graphics. But who wants to pay for a game to just look at?I have to warn you. These devs are using hacks while you play the game. I removed the game because after the last update, it ask if it could connect directly to my monitor. Why would a game all of a sudden require this tactic. Only one reason, hacking!"
,Not Recommended,518790,29983824,Posted: 17 February,all,LTGSwagger,Bugs on Bugs in Bugs. To much Bugs. No animals is going down. Even the biggest gun can claim a Red Deer. This game right now is disgusting
76561198059640758,Not Recommended,518790,30963673,Posted: 5 April,all,Stipe,"After almost 200 hours I needed to change this review. Same bugs that were once fixed are back again with every new ""patch"". Not a single new release is without a hitch. This game will never be fixed. Still no bird or small game hunting in a hunting game. But we have ATV's. Wouldn't suprise me if we see silencers, night vision googles and drones if they can sell it. Stay away."
76561198094859192,Not Recommended,518790,30943083,Posted: 4 April,all,Obie,"The visuals and sounds are stunning. That being said, the only other thing thats stunning about this game is how many bugs and issues need to be ironed out. The game feels like it was designed for consoles and rushed out without even the most basic of testing phases. Menus don't function, half of the guns level up the wrong skills, missions and outposts are completely broken half the time and i won't even get started on how utterly ♥♥♥♥ed multiplayer is.If you have a hunting itch, go play classic. This isn't worth your money right now, but it definitely has the potential to be."
76561198060128943,Not Recommended,518790,29968553,Posted: 16 February,all,Lost Pup,"By the way, they banned me from the fourm because I've pointed out their game is broken as♥♥♥♥♥♥I'd post the screenshot if steam wasn't a♥♥♥♥♥♥and kept removing the link.___I keep coming back to this and after so many updates and DLC being released I though hey maybe they fixed it.... HA!This games development really is ♥♥♥♥ing annoying form little♥♥♥♥♥♥like rain sounds looping when I run which is really annoying, the fact that looking down a scope removes all rain, because you know reasons.The massive performance hit from when the game was released to now, I was getting 60+ FPS on ultra without issue and it looked beautiful but now i'm struggling 40fps, the graphics look grainy as all♥♥♥♥♥♥and I can't disable DoF.The fact I have to go and edit the settings.json to get my sound settings to save, otherwise every time I go to an outposts, confirm a kill or do anything that involves interacting with something my sounds kept resetting and the game music kept blowing my damn ears out. So really? it's so bad I have to go edit config files? how incompetant are the developers?.Animals running around in circles as I unload round after around taking out entire heards like... what..ontop of that that ♥♥♥♥♥♥ grey filter that's put over the players view which is mysteriously missing in steam screenshots, nothing says false advertising like pretty up your screenshots and dumping the quality during game play. thankfull Reshade removes that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.I'd almost be willing to put money on the developers releasing more paid DLC before fixing their broken♥♥♥♥♥early access ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, seriously it's the only reason this game isn't early access, it's ONLY because they wont cop as much flack for selling DLC when their game is broken as all♥♥♥♥♥♥Also I wouldn't bet money on them doing this because I'd feel bad taking money off someone who actually believes in developers like this, or would I?.Oh and the multiplayer is broken as all ♥♥♥♥ery, invisible people walking around, random guns floating at outposts from someone fast traveling and randomly firing off when that person fast travels back, kills not being counted and the animations oh my lord the animations in this game are ♥♥♥♥ing terrible.Editing for some linksThis guy wouldn't die, he was invisible for me by my friend unloaded 20 357mag shots and about 3 mags out of his rifle into it.https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/852719903882954405/71BA3C6E62FF50634B20592B8D570B5B62472A11/Oh and he kept doing thishttps://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/852719903882954986/136B484BE8E81471F97B081BBA9E46D692DD536D/I.. just... what the ♥♥♥♥...Look, no rain!.https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/849342613527250120/32589AEB47ABA8CB574245A6376DC4771757458C/Just reachin into that pocket, you should see when he closes the cylnder and the gun flys up into the air and does a 360 XDhttps://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/863978888071770084/CAC4BDEF5D5DEDB0EB18CA58587ED80118FD44F0/Beating the systemhttps://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/863978552608040887/65A9FB81304723342C1461A73B214C70FECCE6D5/Yo Dawg, heard you liked scopes.https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/863978552608041907/A442771580117C98D06D8FA9B07788661D3B960A/Yes game, that's deffinatly where my deer wenthttps://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/863978552608040181/9FFBCF426DBA58B473639F895D8F274DF419485A/Don't get me started on these POS'shttps://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/863978359497961995/7749FE9B95DE057EB7CC9E393131D18209936EA7/https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/863978552606850101/02F651231FA3CD815438C7A7846D8BDFBFA020AF/Last but not least, skyriming animals.https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/88221755545805963/C5151ADFCF5410DEB0D28ED043CE10C737B0D7BA/https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/88221755545806345/42E39B2F4909872CAC178206DF3700ACA75E9B7D/"
76561198007081360,Recommended,518790,31245356,Posted: 19 April,all,dakawan,All IN All Good.Fun Slow game.Some confusing things. If the accuracy is lower on the gun does that mean its more accurate? The .223 has an accuracy of 100 but the way more expensive rifles have accuracy of 15? I think it might be backwards.Also the Perk I'm Only Happy When It Rains that Reduces Visibility in Fog/Rain? Wouldn't you want it to increase visibility? Or does it purposely make it harder to see in the Rain for more realism?
76561198147594814,Not Recommended,518790,30202289,Posted: 26 February,all,reA1,"After 6 hours, as of right now, I can say that if you are interested, you should buy this game now.The occasional bugs are dont stop the game from still being enjoyable, and most of the ""game breaking"" bugs have been fixed, except for the crashing, which for me, I figured how to resolve.HOW TO FIX THE CRASHING: *at least for meAs soon as you start the game, immediately hit continue and dont spend time on the home screen.For some reason that worked for me, and I hope it helps other people.PROS/CONS:Pros:Animals are mostly everywhere making the game at a good pace, not to fast nor slow.Good sound designGood GraphicsWide variety of ammo types for each gunMaps are giantLots to exploreINCREASED VIEW DISTANCECons:Cannot distinguish male from female calls unless you unlock the part of the skill treeFemale deer make male deer noisesAnimal AI is sometimes downright stupid, the animals walk in circles, get stuck in rocks ectNoise meter is full when crouching through short grassThats all I can think of right now, but I can say if you want it, get it nowUPDATE:With the recent additon of the ATV and tent DLC, I cannot in the right mind set recommend this game. This is very basic stuff that should be added to the game for free, but no, instead they have to go to their roots and charge real money for stuff that shouldnt have to be paid for on top of a 30 DOLLAR GAME. Its sickening how much they can get away with because the people higher up in the community give them the free slip because they are able to easily afford the DLC or even get it for free. This game is now just as bad as the classic."
76561197994907177,Recommended,518790,30560117,Posted: 16 March,all,Furax,Big fan of The Hunter & The Hunter Call of the Wild.Simply the best hunting sims around.Great value for money
76561198022038408,Recommended,518790,30954883,Posted: 4 April,all,Sebastianerik211(CGC),i love the game because its worth paying $30.00. and it's not worth to paying $60.00 for 128 Days for a mouth
,Recommended,518790,30110392,Posted: 22 February,all,Spigamagis,Great game. Patch 1.8 has improved a lot!
76561198092299367,Not Recommended,518790,30040811,Posted: 19 February,all,ThunderGoose,"I originally gave this game a good review, BUUUUUUUTTTTTTTT rather than giving customers meaningful updates for a game that felt like it was in alpha on day one the Devs have decided to charge for DLC.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!"
76561197981347911,Not Recommended,518790,31538939,Posted: 4 May,all,BigRed Muvila,"i dont understand the bad reviews but also noticed the pitiful time actually spent before writing one, DLC seems to be everyones main focus, well im happy to pay for em and i get to choose which ones i want. the game was cheap in my eyes for what i got. people need to realise devs have families and bills to pay just like us, if the game is what i want im happy to pay. 4 bux for tents is 4 bux for tents pffft 1 cup of coffee. when they impliment my .303 ill be buying that to yes devs you better put it in. i wanna be able to shoot those rabbits..... gut and skin em all in one shot.As a veteran player of the hunter online version for 5 yrs the test was to see if this version would live up to the great original.i can most definatly say it does. now dont get me wrong this is real hunting not cs-go with animals, you have to take your time pay attention to your surroundings work for that kill. now its not just a kill its whether it suffers or its clean all come into account for the perfect score. the maps are brilliant to say the least shadows, and wheather wow just wow, and just to walk is so relaxing and emersive. animals react to your actions nicely. rifles well wow must say this is some of the most perfected animation in a game making you think your really holding onto a .270 that kicks like b**** when fired.only things i see lacking is amount of equiptment/ scopes rifles and tree stands. i expect this will be added and will gladly pay for when introduced at a later date. i just want that total overwhelming abundance of different rifles scopes to combine which i think will also add longevity to interest in the game.improvments/bugs and personal sugestions.animals moving more fluidly in the invironment, place markers need fixing adding ability to place multipule markers or even draw on maps/add descriptions to these markers. found switching between phone binos to rifle sometimes bugged and you would hold both at same time. windowed mode and full screen options wig out in widowed i still cant access other screens without it force minimising game.-bring back the original deer scoring system e.g i look at a whitetail and cant tell if its a 12 point 8 etc. and levels WTF are levels. me and friends are quickly noticing that deer are deer their racks are no different please rework this eventually so we can pretend we know what we're doing. and look at a deer and pick whether it worth or in need of a bullet.-the blinds are wrong just wrong for the price it would be nice to be able to set up like the online version or at least rotate it to our own preferred direction. some of these just face point blank into trees.... useless- duck hunting is definatly needed and the hounds in future to keep interest up all i do i walk round these marshes seeing perfect places to setup a blind to shoot donalds out of the sky.-NO MULE DEER one of my favorite hunts the mule plz add, and rabbits arent harvestable but definatly killable please can we harvest then aswell they are just great to shoot with the bow while waiting for foxes, oooo even if killing rodents like rabbits squirrels attracted foxes and coyotes oooo. hope this gets you guys thinking im excited to see where this go's.thnx for the game its a less involved weekend warrior version of the online one."
,Recommended,518790,30434575,Posted: 10 March,all,Xi Law,"Update: crashes are fixed now.Pros:- Beautiful and large environment- No microtransactions- Great hunting experience (e.g. needs areas, hunting pressure, ...)- Night huntingCons:- No global competitions/leaderboards- Animal pathfinding and AI needs improvement- Not enough diverse deer racks/antlers"
76561198046653323,Recommended,518790,30913630,Posted: 2 April,all,Geekedbro,this is the best game ever when u kill something u actually get a cookie
,Recommended,518790,30514173,Posted: 14 March,all,The Drizzle,"Great game, but it has more bugs than dayz did 2 years ago. A lot of which are pretty game breaking, making the game feel very incomplete. I cant say how many times my game has crashed after spending a good chunk of time trying to bag a nice bull moose and then seeing it dead, game crashes.Edit as of 05/17Game is ♥♥♥♥ing dope, the devs really care. Everything i had an issue was directly addressed through not only my review but several others."
76561198047404244,Recommended,518790,30284453,Posted: 2 March,all,GreenAnusKing,"The AI are a bit questionable, they enjoy running in to trees where they become stuck.Hopefully the devs wont shill out any more DLC eitherOtherwise the game is enjoyable,Not as good as hunting unlimited though!"
76561198352566835,Recommended,518790,30988408,Posted: 6 April,all,canuck,"I would recconmend this game BUT REMEMBER, THIS IS PRETTY MUCH A BETA!!!There are some issues with the stability with the game, some objects have no physics (you can no-clip right through them)The gameplay however is amazing, as an actual hunter I can say that this is fairly accurate - but still there are some differeces as it is a game.  I find after a shot, animals don't scatter as much as I can find another animal is the same area I just took a shot in 3 minutes ago - still it's game and it would probobly be alot less fun if the animals where too hyper realistic.Laslty I would like to note that this game is still under heavy development - this is not the final game and you can expect new features, new relms, and allaround changes made to the game!I would rate this around 8/10 - its alot of fun!"
,Recommended,518790,30254018,Posted: 28 February,all,Ahravi the waff,"I do like this game but if it's yes or no, right now no. Game is not marked as controller compatible, yet in order to move quietly you NEED a controller. Walking speed, even when crouch or prone on keyboard makes max noise pretty much. No variable speed there. Also apparently this game had a beta but when you fire a scoped gun still it will phase through the scope and you can see your ironsights. I saw videos of this a while back and it still happens.I feel the 3d audio needs to be a bit better if I were to play this with the assists off. I have a Skyrim mod that is like HRTL or something audio, and it is the BEST 3d audio I have ever used on a headset. No fake surround crap, it is real audio positioning.What else? Oh, being able to know what the base zeroing is on your gun would be good. When I zero a real optic I don't zero it for stupid numbers like 1.0002. No more like 100 meters, 200 meters, yards whatever. Same for these weird♥♥♥♥♥optic zoom levels. One of the scopes is like 8.000 something. That would be 8x or 8 power if you were to read it.A lot of the tutorial message text is cut off as well on the codex page.Would be nice to know how detailed this ballistics system is. Can I shoot through leaves or small limbs on trees? I had a difficult shot ingame but it missed but I can't tell if that's because you have NO CLUE WHERE YOU ZEROED YOUR OWN GUN, or if the ballistics are really sketchy.EDIT: Walking speed has been fixed. All good now."
76561198017127386,Recommended,518790,31004146,Posted: 7 April,all,IKEZzILla,"The game plays very smooth, it is really good looking and the user interface is well done, but this game misses on the most important part, rewarding players for proper shot placement. At this point in the game you will make a well placed shot and the animal will still run for miles a lot of the time, occasionally the animal will only run a shot distance but usually not. also there is no effect of the energy transfer from the bullet into the animal as well as no consideration for arteries. Yesterday i took a shot at a moose from a front facing left angle and a slight elevation and i passed harmlessly between the lungs barely missed the heart and hit the bottom of the right lung, then the animal proceeded to lead me on a 3 mile chase because i was frustrated and just chancing it. In real life or even most other hunting games that shot would have lead to a very quick kill and not what was treated as a  ""flesh wound"" essentially. Your best bet in the game right now is to go for spine shots which most hunters i know find to be an unethical and irresponsible shot that you shouldn't take. also the penetration most of the rounds in this game have are quite unrealistic lacking the penetration to even reach the heart from the side let alone the other lung.Also for a hunting game where is the 30-06 or .308 you know what are probably the two most popular hunting calibers there are in NA?this came has awesome potential but it really needs to clean up its most important aspect i think."
76561197962502331,Recommended,518790,30969095,Posted: 5 April,all,StrongHarm,"Went hunting today. This sim isso immersiveI'll most likely remember the trails I walked today for a very long time. I know I won't forget that Elk I bagged.  If you would rather shoot a buck than hug a tree today, this sim is highly recommended.  If you'd rather hug a tree, skip this one and get Kerbel Space Program.. it's a hoot."
76561198016421523,Recommended,518790,30057246,Posted: 20 February,all,Ozgur,"I would love to recommend this game because it has an enormous potential in my opinion. Graphics, ambiance, sounds, gameplay mechanics, hunting lore... everything is just perfect. OR... to be honest, it could be perfect, if it wasn't so buggy. in its current state, it is nearly unplayable. Various annoying bugs and glitches ruined my game. (like shooting and injuring an animal from a hunting stand and after exiting the stand, EVERY animal track (not only the shot animal's tracks, every single animal's tracks) in the game dissappearing for no reason) Also, I played this game on a gaming laptop with i7 4700hq and gtx 780m, and according to the recommended specs my pc should be enough to play the game on medium settings with smooth 60~ fps. But instead, i got 20 fps in low-medium settings and when i lowered the settings to the bottom, it just increased to 35. i am nearly sure this is an optimization issue.Despite its current state, if you liked the hunter, you will love his game, when the bugs and glitches are fixed and the optimization is completed."
76561198007368479,Recommended,518790,30021320,Posted: 18 February,all,186groundhog,Enjoying the game and the great graphics.
76561198184106009,Recommended,518790,30023217,Posted: 18 February,all,Crypto,I have had a great time on COTW. The game is a bit unoptimized but it is in early stages.
76561198117731665,Recommended,518790,31033079,Posted: 8 April,all,ElderForge,"Well, got my first kill which was a black bear, 2 shots spine shot finished it, then a red tail, seemed really done well. Then the adventure began, coyote barked at me for a warning, I didnt like that because he scared off my deer i was tracking, so spent the next while tracking this coyote determined to earn him as a trophy for what he done, 4 bullets later, 1. 3 miles later 40 minutes later I got a 130 meter shot for a lung shot avoided all animals and tracks to get this bugger, fully immersed would recommend to anyone. Going back in see ya later lol"
,Recommended,518790,30040214,Posted: 19 February,all,caveman1018,This is what I thank of a hunting game love it!!!
,Recommended,518790,30040306,Posted: 19 February,all,pondsnb,"From the start i knew this would be a good game, having 350+ hours in the classic. This game is very fun, but obviously theres going to be some bugs for it being out 4 days now. But overall i recommend this game fully, I would pay double for this game if i had too. If you have the money and find hunting fun, this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,518790,30024256,Posted: 18 February,all,eLvitra,"Current state its garbage!.. The game worked fine the few hours i got to play, now its crashing EVERYTIME i shoot an animal.DONT buy the game until bugs, glitches and crashes like this are fixed!And this is a release! Come the ♥♥♥♥ on Expansive Worlds?!?!"
76561198050655247,Recommended,518790,29968492,Posted: 16 February,all,Narciso,"Still needs some development, but its going in a good way!"
76561197997623640,Recommended,518790,30007292,Posted: 18 February,all,Zeuez,Realy love the game. It have some bugs but i think they will be sortet out with the time as the patches comes along.For me it is well worth the money.I did not regret my buy and will get alot out of it.
76561198046838862,Recommended,518790,30076622,Posted: 21 February,all,KaynO,"37dollors well spent im 2happy. Better then Deer Hunter, and sweeeet Graphics and game play."
,Recommended,518790,30077093,Posted: 21 February,all,₳₭Ꮢa,"Rough at first with bugs and bad animal di, but thoroughly enjoying it after a few hours."
,Not Recommended,518790,30038460,Posted: 19 February,all,[--KAOS--] caine_zen,"Update:After another 4 hours or so and playing multiplayer with my brother, it is apparent how quickly the tires fall off of this game.  The connection between us randomly drops.  We had to both exit the game then come back in to get reconnected.  I had several UI related bugs reference losing my entire HUD.  Couldn't see or use any of the weapons/calls.  After about five tries, we got reconnected and were able to play for several hours.  During a long hunt, we tracked a male moose high up into the mountains.  We tracked him for at least 40 minutes.  When we found him, it was in a clearing on top of the mountain.  There was some kind of AI tracking bug, that caused the male moose, a female moose, and several deer to just run around in a circle and back and forth in this glade.  We just stood there and mowed them all down.  Not the way I envisioned such a great tracking experience going at the end.  Kind of took all the fun out of the hunt. It is apparent now that the company rushed this to market, charged a premium price and is using that money to re-invest development time into the game based on such user feedback. Pretty pathetic.  If they did have a Beta cycle, it was clearly for show.  I would recommend waiting to purchase this until the re-earn the communities' trust and put some real effort into filling this out.Original:I've got just under 5 hours of play so far.  I have had no game crashing bugs or major playability issues.  Most of the bugs I've encountered are UI related.  I bought a Bow and intended on putting it into storage, but then I could not get anything out.  I've had issues with the Store and buying things being flaky.  At any rate, I'm not sure why the development team did not get the UI and related functionality solid before moving onto more important things.  UI is User Experience.  If that is broken, playability suffers upfront.  That's really unexcusable in my mind.  The description of the game says it's based on 7 years of the Classic game's experience.  Well that must be in the hunting features and not UI creation.  Provided they fix the UI issues, I really have no major complaints.  The hunting experience has been really good so far in my play.  I've not tested the Multi-player group hunt stuff yet, but so far, I've enjoyed it, as have my kids.  I just wish they'd get the UI working properly, particularly when it comes to buying things, using the menus, etc..."
76561197988789541,Recommended,518790,30090853,Posted: 21 February,all,CrazyCanadian,quick review for now.8/10Would track and massacre a whole herd of deer again.
,Not Recommended,518790,30086452,Posted: 21 February,all,HardTarget,"I did a video on the game, its oke i guess but not worth 30$https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwnvFWOIBD4"
76561197995172859,Not Recommended,518790,30087913,Posted: 21 February,all,jaircadmon,"In it´s current state- don´t buy.The game has the potential to be the best hunting game ever- incredible graphics and a huge Map size (and I´ve only been in one of them!)BUT:-Bugs without end-Sometimes the game shows you no tracks even if you just saw a herd of deer come through-Weapon and Equipment costs are just ridicoulosly high- 13 hours in I´m still playing with my first gun just because I don´t have enough Skill to unlock the new ones- which cost a fortune to buy...-The game freezes for a short time after I fire a shot (No, not because of my Hardware...) which is annoying-So much missing content- Hunting Unlimited 2 had so much more many years ago- No portable Highstands or Tents, no Shooting Range to test the Weapons and so on...-The Map keeps jumping wild everytime you open itI hope this will become the game we all want, but in it´s current state, save your money and wait."
76561197971766980,Recommended,518790,30072402,Posted: 20 February,all,leongt1954,"I found this game a breath of fresh air after having played thehunter classic for nearly 8 years but it is not a hard core hunting game if anyone wants that then they should play the classic hunter, It dose have a few minor bugs that I have found but I'm sure thay will be fixed.The only thing I found that P me off was the so called free gift of the 270 rifle and hunting outfit to me something that you have to earn is not free but overall it's an enjoyable game more like a console game but enjoyable none the less"
76561198048515522,Recommended,518790,29978741,Posted: 16 February,all,Double-Bird,Good hunting experienceBut there are some bugs that need to be fixedNeed more map and more animal !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,518790,31039461,Posted: 9 April,all,tF GSkill,"Don't really enjoy to many hunting games due to micro transactions but this one is definitely a must have. I was hesitant at first, but now I'm glad I bought the bundle. Super fun to play, although I haven't tried multiplayer."
,Recommended,518790,31006557,Posted: 7 April,all,[FGI] Baberhead,"Beautiful and very fun game. Worth every penny. My one recomendation is that they have birds such as ducks, turkey, pheasent, and geese. I think it would be great to have blinds set up near a marsh and place decoys in the water."
76561198051935376,Recommended,518790,30994495,Posted: 7 April,all,matthewnorris1,"It is a very beautiful game, BUT it is VERY demanding graphicly. Even on lowest level I still creep along, my mistake for being overly confident about my graphics card."
76561198261570774,Recommended,518790,31103015,Posted: 12 April,all,ranck74,"Bonjour ,super jeux sans prise de tete en soulitaire ou en multiseul ombre au tableau les commentaire en anglai sous titree en francais mai sa enleve pas a la beautee du jeuxBravo a toute l'equipe continuer"
76561197984326904,Recommended,518790,30206606,Posted: 26 February,all,MustangQc,"Amazing Game. Great hunting immersion. Great graphics. Only thing missing, ATV'S and boats to travel."
,Recommended,518790,30206198,Posted: 26 February,all,Newbie,"I love it! But I have my gripes.Pros:Visuals are stunning. Light shines through plants and trees, leading to stunning visual rays and effects.Sound effects are AWESOME! They're directional, immersive, realistic, and plentiful. Not to mention VERY high quality.MASSIVE world(s). Both reserves are HUGE. More than enough area to actively hunt for hours.Pro/Con:Populated world with more animals than the ones you can hunt. Rabbits, birds, squirrels. However, I've dropped 2 rabbits and I haven't been able to harvest any of them. It's a shame.TONS of animals, but many of them are very tricky to hunt if you don't spend 10k+ on a specific caller for that type. Coyotes are tiny, for example. damn near impossible to spot in dense vegitation, and their acute hearing and scent leads to not being able to sneak up on them.Cons:No explanation in the slightest of what the stats mean for the different weapons. I'm not willing or ready to spend 20k+ on a rifle that is potentially worse.Animals will NOT go down in a realistic manner. For example, if you hit an animal in the neck and pierce the spine, chances are it'll drop instantly. But not always. Which is frustrating. If you hit an animal square in the lungs with the Polymer tips for the standard rifle, they don't drop. And the blood trail is practically always ""very low"" I'd imagine that if you hit an animal in the lungs with an expanding round which causes a big internal cavity. Also, hunters can vouch for the fact that even if you hit an animal with a FMJ round in the lungs/heart, it drops. But not here.The sound you emit is constantly topped out *Going to get fixed in the future*A ton of items can't be unlocked until you're at a VERY high level. 15+. Which is hard as frig.There is potential. I love the game. But it needs to get better, and I hope they do work on it. Because there really is a lot of potential."
,Recommended,518790,30204347,Posted: 26 February,all,Lil Ass Boi,"You have to respect development teams who cater so such a niche audience. It's really hard to find a decent hunting game now. The only one's that come to mind are Cabela's and the last game I (and many others) played from them magically stopped launching after about 30 hours.Call of the Wild is a flawed gem, though. It has some of the most beautiful scenery I've ever seen in a game. So beautiful that I often find myself surprised that it runs at all on my hardware (750ti, i5 7700k) With a huge map, day and night cycles and varying weather systems the game boasts a deeply immersive atmosphere that is only broken by the often buggy behavior of an animal you're hunting. I'm giving the game a positive review because I'm enjoying it, and I am confident the devs will fix the animal behavior/pathing."
76561198036502702,Recommended,518790,30204610,Posted: 26 February,all,Marvin,the is geat to play however I was lead to beleve anyone signing up for the game w all would get the 270 rife also for the other hunter I have one for the other but not fo C O T W how is this??Marv.
76561198233152980,Recommended,518790,30204652,Posted: 26 February,all,Sackhead,great gamegraphics  is insane one of the bestso many animals and easier to track than the last Thehunterleveling up is amazing and perksgood fpsa must buy
,Recommended,518790,30203512,Posted: 26 February,all,Toumal,"Soooooo, this game. It looks damn amazing. The controls are solid and the aiming, shooting, etc. are competently done. But the reviews are mixed, so what gives?The big problem this game has at the moment is issues with animals getting stuck in terrain and you getting killed if you get stick in a little ditch in the ground.There's other issues too, for example I'm missing a decent form of transporation in the extremely vast maps. Yes there's teleport to outposts you discovered before, but getting there can sometimes take a very long time.Where's my Bullet cam? I know it's not realistic, but I loved having good shots rewarded with a satisfying Sniper-esque slowmo bullet-following camera. Sadly this game doesn't have this at all, not even as an option.Unlocking the various items can take a bit of time, with some of the objectives really testing your patience.The bugs are the major negative as far as I can see. The game is gorgeous though, the two environments are well crafted and positively massive in size. The sound design is a 9/10 with some individual sounds sticking out from the mix more than they should, but overall it's a beautiful experience to roam through the forest in this game. Some of ambient bird calls aren't exactly correct for a supposedly german forest, but I'm nitpicking here. The weapon sounds are realistic and satisfying.You only get two maps though, as well as a handful of weapons. The animal variety also isn't too great. However it's only 30 Euros at the time of writing, and the devs were smart enough to provide a skill and perk system to help with long term motivation. If you're a fan of hunting games, or enjoy realistic renditions of nature in games, this is a solid game. No microtransactions, what you see is what you get.Could do with bugfixing though. The issues don't happen all the time, but they're there.Overall, considering the price and the quality of the environments, and the otherwise solid shooting mechanics, I give this one a thumbs up."
,Recommended,518790,30213134,Posted: 26 February,all,ThtCooperFellow,"I don't really have much to say that is negative. Be prepared to walk. A lot. No, I mean a LOT. Luckily, I'm rather enjoying the strolls when the world looks as good as it does. Sound design is pretty fantastic. My only issue is that rabbits sometimes sound like they're a bear coming through the bushes to kill me.Other than that, I've yet to encounter a real bug but I have had one CTD on startup. Again, only 4 hours so far.That said, I'm iffy on whether or not to recommend this for anyone not super interested in playing a game about hunting. Sure, you don't have to sit in a blind nearly as long as you would IRL, but you will find yourself becoming impatient if moving slowly and being mindful of the wind isn't your thing.I would hope there are some additional ways to squeeze performance out of this game, but I'm lagging behind with a GTX 770 at this point, so I've got nothing really to complain about there.My only peeve is the UI. I find it somewhat cumbersome and the menus dont seem to flow fantastically. Beyond that, not having a way to quickly switch my ammo type without having to jump into the menu is slightly aggravating.All in all however, its a pretty solid game. WAY better than that F2P nonsense with more microtransactions than almost anything I've ever seen that they made previously. The lack of those micro's means this game flows much better. If you want to go hunting from the comfort of your gaming chair, or whatever it is you sit in, this is it."
76561198033658102,Recommended,518790,30213233,Posted: 26 February,all,ColdBanana,"Overall great hunting game. Beauftiful environment, animals and sounds (minus weird noises from moving through brush sometimes,) animal AI is decent. Some issues with tracking not working as it should from time to time. Most realistic hunting simulator I've played******Warning: If you're playing with a keyboard and mouse, in its current state, you can't play very realistically because of the sound/stealth 'glitch' that many will have mentioned. Basically you can't move without making max noise with a keyboard, regardless of stance, so impossible to stalk properly. You can tap W to move forward (super annoying) and MAYBE get away with not making AS MUCH noise, but good luck keeping up with anything you're tracking unless it's at a needzone.*** Hopefully this is fixed in the very near future as I hear movement with controllers is great."
,Recommended,518790,30212526,Posted: 26 February,all,Delepitor,Waiting for fixes to all the issues with the game. Multiplayer Crashes alot and has weired bugs... Single player Randomly Freezes all the time.... i can see this being a great game but the bugs are driving me to say otherwize
,Recommended,518790,30210292,Posted: 26 February,all,NAJIN3,"Having played the Classic and enjoying it, I thought I would give this a go as keeping up with my price of the original is pretty hard going. After a few hours in I can say that the game is absolutely beautiful. I have had a few issues with bugs but what is there to expect?I had a stressful but fun time trying to track down my bear which I shot 4 times, in the end it was no where near I originally shot it haha.Hit reg could do with more work, sometimes shots do not count even though your scope is on the animal. Dropped from 100% accuracy to 60% just trying to shoot one animal. Also the reg when you do hit the animal needs work too. Example; I shoot the heart area but the animal limps away and then I cannot find it.One other thing that needs tweaking is the sound that you make when you move. It's extremely sensitive and nearly impossible to hunt anything because they all have super hearing. Animals are hearing me from 300m away.I would recommend this game though, even in it's current stage. I would say that I paid the right price for it."
76561198052096186,Recommended,518790,30211493,Posted: 26 February,all,BilboBaggins,"This is my first time leaving a review on Steam. Like many others I felt compelled to write a review to help others decide if this is worth a purchase in it's current state. After a considerable amount of play time, here is what I think so far! The first thing I noticed was how amazing this game looks! From lush forests to open strawfields to rocky mountains and lakes the maps provide a nice variety of scenery. The sound effects are very good and really help to immerse you in the environments. The weather system is also very good with effects like fog and cloud coverage changing lighting. The game mechanics feel good. Plenty of variety of animals. The progression system has been changed since launch making it much more accessible but somewhat challenging. Now to the ugly! This is the buggiest bugfest of a game I have ever played! Regular crashes, broken multiplayer, buggy menu icons, buggy animals, not being able to click and unlock things in the game and the list carrys on! With all that being said for me personally this game was worth the money. The developers seem to be working hard to fix issues and overall, issues aside, this has been an enjoyable experience. This game has a lot of potential."
76561198367404952,Not Recommended,518790,30210018,Posted: 26 February,all,GayBob Fagpants,"♥♥♥♥♥game, limited number of weapons litteraly no weapon customization. 0/10"
76561198206987545,Recommended,518790,31186340,Posted: 16 April,all,Level 104 Cunt,"This game has a lot of potential, but it has a few bugs and is in mostly recommended for Console. I really didn't have any problems with the game at all but a few crashes here and there which made me restart from the very beginning. There aren't very many bugs like people say in the comments except for simple fix ones like, ALT-TAB out, or Graphics Card Crash. I'm just going to skip to the Pros, Cons, and Suggestions I have for the furture.Pros:-Beautiful Graphics-Smooth Gun Mechanics-Realistic Hunting Aspects-Runs good on High-end and low-end comuters-A Very Slow Paced Game-Fun to Play but You need to take the Time and Play It-Easy Controls-Multiplayer is fun if you have friend to play with-A Lot More You Need to Find Out Yourself!Cons:-Unexpected Crashes here and there-Not A Wide Selection on Weapons-Bullets do not penatrate through bones hitting Vital Organs (That I know of from my expirence)-Running is very slow-No Usual Updates for PC version (This Game is Mostly for Consoles)Suggestions:-Update the game more for PC!-Fix the Bugs-Add more DLC-Vechicles (It's a pain to have to slowly run everywhere)-More Varity of Weapons and Items OverallIn conculsion, this is a fun game overall but lacks a variety of espacts to add to the game. Just remember this is a game that was just released and they are still working on it, I understand! I would recommend this game if you like slow-paced and immersive games like I do!Cheers! -Xpheire"
76561198055992487,Not Recommended,518790,30107405,Posted: 22 February,all,Goadie,"Worst early access running simulator I have ever played, 1 star!"
76561198135489945,Recommended,518790,30146886,Posted: 24 February,all,Simar2906,"Great game. Great potential.Recently bought it and instantly got treated with a patch. The devs covered many good things up and this game can be one of the top hunting games ever.But on considering the map size, the movement speed is a pain. Is the guy limp or something!!An annoying thing happened to me was that i shot a white tail, blood tracks told me ""BLOOD FLOW: Very Low"". I thought it would die in some time and i kept on tracking it for over and hour and it did not stop. It kept going round and round and roung a large lake and i never got the chance to catch it...SO PLSSS, CONSIDER THE MOVEMENT SPEED AND OTHER SMALL PROBLEMS AND MAKE IT THE BEST HUNTING EXPERIENCE EVER."
76561197992921437,Recommended,518790,29978651,Posted: 16 February,all,PetJedi,"EDIT REVIEW:After about 13hrs gameplay and some bugfixes from EW I can now recommend the game. If you can come along with a somehow weird XP system for unlocking and buying stuff and don't give a damn about leaderboards and competitions like in the classic version, then go ahead and buy this game. It is a pure hunting game with great graphics and a promising look into future patches and updates. There are still some bugs (not gamebreaking) but it looks like that they will be fixed soon.---- end of edit ----After this short time of playing (1.8hrs) I can say that there is a big potential in the game but also a lot of bugs which bring you down to typical EW reality.IN THE CURRENT STATE I CAN NOT RECOMMEND TO BUY THIS GAME BECAUSE OF:Small bugs I experienced:- in the menu (no return with ESC, no saving of sound settings for next gameplay)- the inventory (not possible to change between store and storage, freezing menu, not possible to change items from backpack to sorage and vice versa)- the menu itself looks like from a console game and is very complicated to go through- graphic glitches (when you crouch on uneven terrain you can see the 'underworld', sometimes you can see the red color of forgotten textures on objects)- when you change in permanent moving state (key 'G') with empty hands (key 'H') from running to walking the arms still swinging in running state- sometimes when walking with empty hands the mobile phone style Huntermate comes up with no screen (only the frame)This things will bring the fun factor down rapidly and leave you behind with a shaking head.I played the classic version since the very beginning and faced all this problems there. Bugs evolved over the years and piled up till today.The same will happend here I guess. It looks like that this game has not been tested properly before release and now this small bugs will stay there for a looooong time and the customers are fooled again.But that seems to be the politics and normal state with EW.What I not get is that there is a huge community willing to help with beta testing and still EW is not able to do it right. Not even after the mess with the classic version.If you do not have to, than do not buy this game now. Wait for a couple of months and some bug fixing which will hopefully occur...."
,Recommended,518790,30144551,Posted: 24 February,all,Trapped,Absolutely wild. I am best pleased.
,Recommended,518790,30136551,Posted: 24 February,all,✪Cameron269,"Bought it for my girlfriend and i, We both love it and have alot of great laughs. sure there is some bugs but i trust The Hunter team to fix them in a jiffy! Great game"
76561197976535638,Recommended,518790,29971754,Posted: 16 February,all,frightender,"Many Bugs! In 9 hours i played i noticed several of them. THEY JUMP YOU IN THE EYES! Unbelievable the devs not has recognized them.Thats the thing i don´t understand. Only a half day of playing the game for recognizing and locating the biggest bugs.The worstest:-No ESC button works in Menu.-You also cannot go to Main Menu. Only to desktop.-MP with friend: You only can kill animals like in an Shooter, nothing with doing the Quests together.-Key and Mouse-Bindings - totally crap.-Animals run in circle when you shot them. Stuck on ground or stones.-grainy graphics for the trees.and many more...I give a better Rating if the biggest Bugs are resolved.Edit: Biggest bugs are resolved. - Like"
76561198040427588,Recommended,518790,31125541,Posted: 13 April,all,STYLIN69,Great graphics and an improvement to an already good original game. Removed all the complaining from new players in the original. The AI is a little buggy but it is understandably hard to keep all the creatures from getting hung up on the enviroment.
76561198056473502,Recommended,518790,31391612,Posted: 27 April,all,SirRonaldTheDuck,"Old review (27-4-2017)I was stoked to have a thehunter game where i did not have to spend money for basic stuff that should be in the game for in-game currency. The game is acually fun and has nice graphics if you can run it. Then the tents DLC happend, 4,30€ for 8 placable tents and some ground blinds are you kidding me?They could have added on the lack of guns and tools in this empty game but noooo, paid DLC seems to be the addiction of avalanche studios. now wait and see ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t microtransactions be here in 2 months.They are now just playing away their ""mostly positive"" review score on the game.My advice? stop promoting regular updates as ""free DLC"" and finish the game before dropping paid DLC.Update (3-5-2017)The game is absolutely beautiful and plays really nice. everything you loved in thehunter classic is here and more. they have made a statement about going to release bigger and better DLC (i am actually OK with that), with also upcoming free content+patches. for now i'm going to recommend  it (because i really like the game) hoping they keep their word. Will update the review if they do or do not keep their word of the statement."
76561198015902399,Not Recommended,518790,30099706,Posted: 22 February,all,[GER] Emoschlachter,"I Played some hours and have to Say this game is awesome. The graphics are nice and the atmosphere is stunning. But i am not sure if i Would recommend It. I dont regret the purchase But i can understand all The complaints about The game regarding Bugs, amount of XP...  For my Opinion this game has so much Potential to be The best hunting game ever created, But The way will be long. From now It is a beta. The deers have always The same antles ans size, the skilltree is crap and should be Implentet from classic, A Lot of Bugs and for my Opinion there are a Lot of guns and Equipment missing.. But beside all the negative aspects it is a lovehate and cant stop playign this game. So i recommend this game The Player who doesnt care for few Bugs because this game has real potentialEdit: After the patch i wont recommend this game... GAme still buggy and features which should be already in the basic game will be sold as F*** DLC... So dont buy this damn game.. F*** this dlc politic"
76561197967136700,Recommended,518790,31132976,Posted: 14 April,all,morbid88,"great game, needs some bugs fixed around multiplayer but you can look past them. If you liked the trophy and deer hunter series you will like this.Changed review to negative, then read news giving creators a chance.The game is great no doubt, but i am concerned over the DLC options planned.that said they are promising better more substantial DLC's and that there are 7 free DLC's to come.some of the bugs i took issue with were fixed recently."
76561198024874460,Not Recommended,518790,31394733,Posted: 27 April,all,JOHNNY GUEGGU,"##### EDIT ####They sell you a TENT as DLC, something absolutely ESSENTIAL in the BASE GAME, but they SELL it to you.I changed my review to negative, since I do not support those busines spractices. Sell us something VALUABLE, like a WHOLE MAP or something. DO NOT CUT BASIC STUFF OUT OF THE BASEGAME AND SELL IT TO US!##############Thie is _THE_ hunting simulation on Steam.NOT to be confused with his Free to Play Ugly Brother TheHunter!!This game is a Full release, but only with two Maps, but all content is unlockable. No ingame currency or anything.Let me tell you, it's the best hunting sumulator on Steam, and I played several of them (even heary before there was a Steam :) like Cabela'a Games, Hunting unlimited etc.I could talk about the graphics and gameplay, but just watch a Youtube Review for that.As a fellow gamer, knowing the genre for years, I'll just say: You'll like it if oyu like hunting games. ;)"
76561197970329793,Recommended,518790,31007442,Posted: 7 April,all,Von1Carstein,"I bought it, played it and lost myself in the open World.Amazing grafiks ,sounds and weathersystem ,  this is how Day Z should look like.I played with too loud Sound, now i got pain in the Head from my Snipergun :)Cheers"
76561198141657628,Recommended,518790,30220233,Posted: 27 February,all,Magnetron,"Got banned for complaining about the paid DLC in a bugged game.Would complain again.I do change my review back to recommend because the game looks stunning. And is the best hunting game on steam.But there are still many problems!And selling DLC only brings more problems, so please devs. Fix the core problems first before you introduce DLC"
,Not Recommended,518790,30358296,Posted: 6 March,all,RevivedDuck,entertaining game and strangely addicting. There are a few bugs but overall I think with more updates and new maps this game could  be one of the best this year.anddd they turned updates into DLC damnit I had hopes for this game.
76561198061385895,Not Recommended,518790,30001142,Posted: 17 February,all,flight_sd1965,"This game wass heading in the right direction.UPDATEDFrom a thumbs UP to a thumbs DOWN.Couldn't let it alone, could you? Had to add micro transactions for CORE content that should have been in the game from the GET GO. Really dissapointed."
,Recommended,518790,30188476,Posted: 25 February,all,RuskoDisco,"This game is getting alot of unfair flak in terms of it's performance and quality of the base 30$.The AI was bad at first, there were a good portion of bugs amoung other things like performance issues.So far, from what I seen, they have been fixing alot of the bugs and continue to do so. In terms of maintaing a stable game, I don't see this company lacking in this or not seem like they are not working on issues. I agree that the DLC is over priced, but that is no reason to fault the actual game for that.This game is an extremely beautiful game, with some of the most realistic forest enviroment I have ever seen a game done. I have played alot of games that have nature enviroments and this is the one with the most amount of detail and beauty I have ever seen packed into a game. I really wonder how much more beautiful they can pump the enviroments up if given more funding. So far, this game is doing fine and I hope they continue to release DLC, just better ones like ATVs, Survival mode, Kayaking, Fishing, Maps (swamp map hopefully). This game has so much potential to make good profit without making the customers mad."
76561197981553992,Recommended,518790,31513045,Posted: 2 May,all,Colfax_Jones,"I like it a lot, there's a few bugs but nothing game breaking and it should only improve. Graphics are stunning and it runs great on a 970gtx. The tent DLC is not an issue for me as it is for many. Game used to be rated Very Positive before the whiners changed there ratings after the DLC was released.My top requests would be free look and being able to adjust the color of the currently followed track. I'm color blind and the teal and white are hard to distinguish."
,Recommended,518790,30363814,Posted: 6 March,all,Gankdalf,"A few months ago I made a review about The Hunter that got a several hundred ""helpful"" tags. The review basically read that the game was beautiful but severely broken due to bugs that made the game crash along with a multitude of smaller glitches that made it a less than pleasant experience.Since then Expansive Worlds have been very busy fixing the worst of the bugs and they've been active in ironing out the glitches. I'd say that it's a very playable game now so dont let the ""mixed"" reviews scare you. Most of the negative reviews are about the DLC or the bugs from older builds of the game.The DLC that was released not long ago is far from a must-have. You can ignore it and enjoy the core game just fine.Old review below.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=878369079theHunter: Call of the wild is really a bittersweet experience. The landscapes and forests are some of the best that I’ve ever seen in a game. Nothing so far comes close to the beautiful scenery in Call of the wild. It’s very relaxing & the gameplay itself is what you can expect from a hunting game. The gameplay is slow and needs a lot of patience. The ambient sounds and weather effects are all excellent & really immersive. The animals look great and the animations look good.Now the bitter part. theHunter: Call of the wild plays and feels as if it’s an early alpha. It’s riddled with bugs and quirks that really screws up the fun. The main thing that screw it up are the random crashes. There doesn’t seem to be a correlation between them and there’s no way to avoid it as far as I know. I even had my stats, inventory and cash all reset back to default after several hours of playtime.In multiplayer, there are a lot of bugs as well. Simply by clicking “multiplayer” in the game menu it will randomly kick a player from my server. It does not save progress in terms of your current location & if you disconnect while you’ve  taken part in a multiplayer competition on the server it will count as if you’re back on square 1 once you reconnect.It’s all very annoying little bugs that feel like something you could expect from an incomplete early access game. But a full release? Unacceptable.The game is amazing while it actually works though. I hope that the developers will sort these bugs out soon.If you’re looking to buy this game I suggest you head over to theHunters discussion forum & check the latest news for the game & see if they’ve recently patched it. If there’s a lot of complaints about crashes & whatnot then I suggest you wait.Once they fix these bugs I will edit my review & give it a thumbs up.Edit:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=884174841As you can see by the developer response to this review they did sort out the worst of the bugs, namely the random crashes and they are working on fixing some QoL stuff related to the menu which is much appreciated. Multiplayer is still wonky in terms of progress not saving, joined players cant save outposts etc but at this point I feel like the game deserves to be recommended. As a single player experience it's a solid game & certainly the best hunting game that I have played."
76561198150224145,Not Recommended,518790,30477553,Posted: 12 March,all,Shagorath,"Graph and Map design awesomeBut the game is full bugged, and just unplayable.So for this time no choice to change my review for a BAD.Patch 1.3..Waiting for others.After patch 1.6 and many hot fix alway snothing to fixed,And dev ban every one trying explain to others, and ginig to dev whats is wrong and bugged in this game.DONT BUY THIS GAME !!DEVS HAVE FIXED NOTHING.Aim system from space dream.Noise system Brocken.Path Animal always bugged, always animal stuck.Sometime can't reward the animal shooted.View blocked to 500meters for a hunt game so LOGIC.DEV begin launch PAY DLC...dont buy them.KEEP YOUR MONNEY DONT GIVE YOUR MONNEYS FOR SOME SCAMMERS.All Bugs from the first release 1.0 ares always working.Many skills have no sense, and dont work. ( specially noise skill )Noise locator system suxx so much."
76561198216009664,Recommended,518790,31513780,Posted: 2 May,all,Kepsy,I have a decent  Laptop but i cant seem to get rid of these purple terrain on the grasss and hasent been patched
,Not Recommended,518790,30835267,Posted: 30 March,all,StiffyAllDay,A blind is worthy of DLC?♥♥♥♥♥♥take.
,Recommended,518790,30001777,Posted: 17 February,all,Player1,GREAT LOOKING GAMETAKES TIME TO UNLOCK GUNS BUT WORTH ITPLENTY OF UPDATESGAME IS GETTING BETTER ALL THE TIMEYES THERE IS DLC BUT PLENTY OF HOURS GAMEPLAY HEREBUY IT NOW
76561198075558542,Recommended,518790,31514427,Posted: 2 May,all,Sunman,"This game is like a rollercoaster of problems, it gets good and it goes bad, hopefully in the end we can all get off unharmed and happy. However unlike real life i dont know when this will end."
,Recommended,518790,29973046,Posted: 16 February,all,fluffy,This is the definitive hunting experience on PC.
,Recommended,518790,30343260,Posted: 5 March,all,Bucc,Buy the game if you've been craving a hunting game like myself that's actually good and not just a♥♥♥♥♥♥arcade game like Cabelas has been putting out.Has a few bugs/features that gets annoying that I have come across after playing for 23hrs.-Crashing/Freezing-Animals getting stuck in place or running in circles-Weapon bugs and cant use its sights-Tracks/Blood Splatter dissapear-Cant quit to menu haft to close and reopen the gameBut they have been updating the game weekly so things are looking good!
76561198217017648,Recommended,518790,30344378,Posted: 5 March,all,Walter White,"Fantastic game! This game is beautiful to look at the graphics are amazing, it takes a bit of patients but its very satisfying. Works Perfectly with my Xbox controller once I turned off controller support in steam. I absolutly recommend this game. I have had any crashing or glitches its worked flawlessly."
76561197973600973,Recommended,518790,30342956,Posted: 5 March,all,Windy,"I like it.I thought it will be more buggy and crash every 5min as some ""trolls"" say. I havn't single crash.However minor bugs are in game.  Stuck animals, loop sounds in rainy day at lakes, loadout setup changes without reason and  so on. All are rare. FPS drop is only when you track animal realy long and your PDA is full of dots.All issue is nothing in comparison what you get, views, enviroment, challenges. It is amazing.Ammo price is ok. keep in mind that some weapons has lower prices as before. You can shoot elk with .270 as well as with .30-30. it does not kill instant but if you place shot in a right place animal do not run more than 100m. Bison need ~2-4 shots with 0.270It is simulator. it is not a run and shoot game. Go play cs:go if you do not like it."
76561198078156327,Recommended,518790,30356798,Posted: 6 March,all,Thorri,Shot a deer in the lung ran off and i had to chase it down for 45 min took another shot shot it in the leg it ran off then 15 min later i seen it and i shot it in the chest and it ran 5 feet and finally fell over  10/10 would chase again       good game needs patience and need to be able to handel stress and frustration i reccomend this game to anyone who wants something to pass the time and some thing really relaxing at the same time and also exitement and dont get me started on the visuals they are just amazing 10/10 very good game
76561198013313311,Recommended,518790,30356800,Posted: 6 March,all,kavey33,"I have to say I am worried about any game that comes in under 80% but wow this game is very addictive in my opinion. Heck if I just used it as a walking around enjoying nature simulator I think it's the best I have ever seen.The rain and weather in general sound AMAZING and not with the usual rotating 5 second sound file repeated over and over it sounds like rain. When you walk over rocks, through bushes, you almost feel it!My heart was pounding trying to track down the first Deer and getting pictures was even cooler !The environment seems freaking HUGE I have barely covered one tiny area and haven't left the borders of that area yet in 4 HOURS of running around. The unlock by playing seems good much better than pay to play in my opinion.I am pleasantly surprised at this game, wow such fun."
76561198051883511,Recommended,518790,30356636,Posted: 6 March,all,Colonel2112,"Game looks awesome but I guess I don't have the newest gear so I play this game in slow motion! It takes an eternity to get from one place to the other! Also I don't know if anyone else is having this issue but it seems every once in a while when I press the auto walk button (G) my gun fires? There's nothing like taking an hour to stalk an animal and all the sudden KABOOM, my gun fires for no reason other then to scare the crap out of me and any animal within a mile! I don't know if it's just my lack of gear power  or if this is occuring throughout with any who play? Also when I set a waypoint in a certain spot I've noticed the way point shows up where I placed it and also exactly 180 degrees behind me! The waypoint behind me shows the distance is greater heading towards it and It doesn't show on my map but just on the game screen while I play! It's confusing and irritating! Also I noticed while crawling that I have the ability to crawl through objects such as rocks the size of a recliner! I haven't logged a lot of time with it yet, just a few issue's I've noticed along the way! Other then the few irritations I've encountered this game has stunning beauty and there's a lot of exploring to do! Tracking an animal is really fun and there's definately an art to it! If you like to hunt and explore the wild beauty this game is the ticket."
76561198033577267,Recommended,518790,30350302,Posted: 5 March,all,Wolf-ash,nice game if you like hunting still fixing some bugs
76561197969020009,Recommended,518790,30038851,Posted: 19 February,all,NineAteSeven,not as good as the original but it's ok
76561198278579123,Recommended,518790,30306373,Posted: 3 March,all,Nucleareptile,Hey guys i am having trouble with the game but i love It so much. when i press shift and sprint i go really slow. and when i watch vids on other people they walk way faster then me. how can i fix this.
,Recommended,518790,30022244,Posted: 18 February,all,Wolvaroo,As of Patch 1.1 I feel I can recommend Call of the Wild. It's got a solid foundation but still needs work.
76561198161315903,Not Recommended,518790,31267214,Posted: 20 April,all,Mr.Krosch,Well I have been using the .270 for a while and the .243 and thay are WAY underpower. at 10 meters only get 1 lung. I mean REALLY!!!
,Not Recommended,518790,30598305,Posted: 18 March,all,ℚฬ℩ℬ⋠ℚฬ℩ℬ,already started adding paid microtransaction dlc like the original in this crashfest fullprice game. dont buy it.
76561198007074319,Not Recommended,518790,30084769,Posted: 21 February,all,markk1975,"The game is a mess and missing so much, now we see why they are charging for what should have been in game on the day it came out.  Do not buy this mess of a game, they are going to Micro charge us to death for things that should have been in day one release.UPDATE:   Check out the new game coming out in June, called Hunting Simulator on Steam.  Happy to see there is a chance we will get a good hunting game this year.  This game feels and plays like they rushed it on us, because they knew this other one was coming.  Wait before wasting your money on this, chances are great that Simulator will be alot better then this mess.They Lied to us about this game being done, it is a early alpha at the best.  I have played more stable and more fun pre alpha games before.  And it has been a few months and it is just as bad as the day it came out, it seems, based on comments about bugs.  I played it for 35 hours but with the bugs and missing gameplay, game was a vary big disapointment.  I uninstalled it till it is much better, way it is looking, that may not happen for a vary long time, if ever.  So please save your money for a game other then this, you will to be missing anything, by not getting this one.  Maybe if it was 75% off.  No, not even then....  at this time. Thank you"
,Not Recommended,518790,30015322,Posted: 18 February,all,RJOtto - Venatoris™,"One time purchase, no microtransactions. Correct. DLC's are different kind of stuffs, right? Waiting for neverending spam of credit, xp,weather, vision, caller-weapon damage-whatever booster DLC packs, new weapon DLC packs with one weapon in one pack that can actually kill an animal(only one type, of course) with one shot from more than 80m while the integrity remains at 100%  and more. 30€ entry price for opening access to purchase countless ""just 4.99€"" or more expensive  DLCs. A good pulblisher/developer could make money from an existing game with less disgusting business plan,  you know.Stay away from this game if you dont want to spend your monthly icome to maintain it in the future.If this would be a free to play title, I would says this and the upcoming DLCs could be all OK. But it is not F2P and not even cheap.The game looks cool, the greediness behind it is not.The old game is less painful even in F2P mode.theHunter classic can be very expensive, that is correct. But honestly, you don't have to buy everything in the game  to make it comfortably playable. Even in F2P mode, you get two weapons to hunt almost everything in the game. Weekly free species rotation is a pretty nice feature for all F2P players.The memberships are not overpriced. There is a wide variety in the different types of those. Some of them include almost everything that you'll need for the hunts. Even if your membership is running out, you can still get important stuffs like ammo etc. for ingame credits(also true if anyone using F2P mode only).The problem with Call of the Wild is, it is not free, then from now, we have to pay real money to get things that could be basically accessible for free(or for ingame credits) from the beginning. They have placed the animal rich zones far away from the lodges to make sure, we will  pay to save ourselves from endless walking. Its was a pretty disgusting act from them.I think, theHunter classic is much more playable, because if you want to play it without too much pain, you only have to buy a .300 rifle, callers for your favorite animals and a membership(sometimes). Tents, other weapons, stands etc just give some extra comfort to the gameplay, but really not neccessaries for successful gaming experience.Of course, if someone wants to max it out the gameplay, that will costs tremendous amount of money. For me, theHunter Classic is much more better game than this in every aspect excepting the graphics. But awesome graphics is not means the game is good in the same time.I cannot recommend Call of the Wild. In this form and way, cannot in the future too."
76561198342242395,Recommended,518790,33783228,Posted: 25 July,all,Andorra,"I simply love this game and I cannot stress it enough. The graphics at full HD resolution and ""Ultra"" is one of the best I´ve ever seen out there.The overall game atmosphere is super realistic and a truly immersive experience; the weather dynamics (day, night, rain, lightning, wind howl), the overall hunting process, gorgeous places to explore with the ATV or on foot, weapons to choose... what can I say? I´m totally addicted!"
,Recommended,518790,30132515,Posted: 23 February,all,The Wiggler,This is the best Hunting game!....we have... ب_ب
,Recommended,518790,33800434,Posted: 25 July,all,Magic Raptor,"This game is hard for me to review. I spent quite a bit of time on it, and I did enjoy most of the time I spent on it, but at the end of the day I feel like this game also has a lot of missed potential.Honestly, the game is buggy. It's not even a bug or two here or there; there are fundamental problems with the engine they used, where if you do something like prone on a cliffside, you literally clip through the ground and see the bottom of the map.Also, there's just a lot less gameplay in this game than I was hoping for. There's a lot of weapons, but many of them are just a grind to unlock. Weapons are straight up better than one another. There's very little reason not to use bolt-action rifles as opposed to anything else. There aren't very many animals to hunt, and a lot of them (like moose, Roosevelt elk, whitetail deer, and blacktail deer on the Layton Lakes map) behave pretty much the same; the only big differences are the distance in which they react to sound and their average herd size. This makes it very easy to ""play out"" the game like I did - there's basically a hard cap on the number of interesting things there are to do.Multiplayer is a monstrosity, with very few working features (for instance, you get nothing for any of your kills until you are in the same region as the host; it's been like this since multiplayer started working, which it basically didn't at launch, and hasn't been fixed yet) and a pretty awful community. The server browser is an absolute joke as well.But somehow, this is the pinnacle of hunting games at the moment. Most of its competitors are ridiculously arcade-y, with little replay value. The ballistics in this game are actually very impressive - different bullets drop different distances at range, for instance.Maybe I just expected something more out of this game. If you took the physics, multiplayer, and weapon selection of the original theHunter, and combined it with the graphics, increased range, and payment model of this game, you'd have a pretty ideal hunting game. And like I said at the beginning, I did enjoy the time I put into this game; it's the fact that I enjoyed the time I put into this game that leaves me wanting more. So I'm giving it a thumb's up, because I felt I got my money's worth, but I definitely think this game is a heap of lost potential."
76561198355702251,Recommended,518790,33817575,Posted: 26 July,all,GRAN SUN,great gamehttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCft3zd3bL9NhgVkLGhugxpg
,Recommended,518790,33819644,Posted: 26 July,all,ImZeR0,All i can Say is WOW it looks good the gamplay is good and the DLCs are really good i would get the ATV dlc first because its worth your money and time its really handy for when you need to go some where across the map.I like how its open world and you dont have to kill everything u see and u can just look around
76561198145247368,Not Recommended,518790,33847408,Posted: 27 July,all,cowboy1878,the multyplayer aspect is all kinds of messed up me and my friend bought this to play together and we cant evan play becouse it is so glitched the pda wont show up and the wepions and the killing on the aminals will not work prperly and the marking of waypionts and descovering new locations will not work please find a fix soon im so dissapointed.
76561198272596398,Recommended,518790,33864941,Posted: 28 July,all,Louis_And_Theo,"i love this game so much, my pc isnt powerful enough to run it without lag but i shot my first cinnamon black bear today. i got it on live stream on my instagram @ig.teho_, check it out. 10/10 i reccomend this game"
76561198071018925,Recommended,518790,33890631,Posted: 29 July,all,FOX,"Ok lets start off by saying its a great hunting game, nice weapon mechanics and animal behaviours.Ive played both maps and hope for more in the future. Im surprised that there aren't as many animals as in the previous game of the hunter but hoping they will arrive in time including hunting rabbits and duck etc. The only problem so far that I think could annoy but not put off a new comer would be the terrible way in which you traverse hill sides as the smallest of rocks require you to jump over them but hey.. rant over… buy the game its worth it! and devs please keep adding content."
,Not Recommended,518790,30429312,Posted: 10 March,all,Lake,"Do I recommend this game? I'll say ""Probably, but not yet.""theHunter: COTW does many things very well. It's much more polished in many respects than I was anticipating. The gameplay is relaxing and fun, so long as you have reasonable expectations going in. But as of this writing, there are several very serious bugs (and even more less-serious ones) which make it hard to fully enjoy. The dev team seems fairly active and responsive to feedback, and they've fixed several bugs. But there are a lot left, and that makes it hard to recommend. If this game looks interesting to you, put it on your wishlist and come back in a month or two. If they've fixed the major bugs at that point (and haven't released a thousand nickel-and-dime DLCs), then it will be well worth the purchase.EDIT (August 5th): Still very buggy, lots of pretty major bugs that were reported the first week and haven't been fixed yet. Game still feels like early access, which makes it particularly galling that they're releasing DLC. And the DLC is stuff that really should be in the base game. Moreover, not having the DLC can make the game really tedious at times, so they're basically asking you to pay money for basic quality-of-life improvements. Unless something radically changes, I've got to say give this one a pass."
,Recommended,518790,31484818,Posted: 1 May,all,skpsound,"Game is buggy, but with nice gameplay, and the best graphics of nature enviroment i saw in games. Base price is ok, but instead of fixing some major bugs and adding missing essential features what is  annoying, they release DLC's. Addons are nice, but there should be other priorities. Generally buy it if You like hunting game, as it is the best what You can get on the market nowdays, but you need to agree with SLOW content release."
,Not Recommended,518790,31401642,Posted: 27 April,all,Spiffo,"Current TheHunter: Call of the Wild devs:Okay guys so the first hunter game was free to play but we locked everything behind a pay-wall, and everyone hated it.What are our options for COTW?*Bunch of men in suits stand up* So we were think instead of locking the entire game behind a pay-wall, lets  release it at 33$ ♥♥♥♥ing Canadian dollars and release it in a state that is unplayable and give it an early access tag, and then boss, you're going to love this idea *smiles* we do almost the same thing as the first one by sprinkling DLCs once again!Who cares if they already payed an above average early access price! we need more money for our strip clubs and nights with the boys! lets even sell a new way to travel as a paid DLC!*Devs smile* you sir, are hired*a few months of lazy development later*Yay! Take it out of early access because we've made our profit!"
,Recommended,518790,29962748,Posted: 16 February,all,Himmuguegeli,"The game got fixed, it´s playable and actually fun to play now."
,Recommended,518790,34116033,Posted: 8 August,all,C9 jyNx,great game huge maps .... no micro trans like to hunt each animal !!!!!!!! but small dlc for atv and hunting blinds worth it fun great graphics . multi player does have its bugs but for a newer game still great ..... GRAB YOUR GUNS AND HUNT !!!!!!
76561198075320039,Recommended,518790,34137152,Posted: 9 August,all,drizzthu,Peaceful just like real life hunting. Great to play when you need to leave the real world for a bit. Get it while it's on sale.
,Not Recommended,518790,33267682,Posted: 5 July,all,Megajunn,"This game is not worth 150 hrs. But I was sry about my money (so yeah I completed it 100%), but this game is broken af. Go to the woods an take a picture of your♥♥♥♥♥♥at night."
,Recommended,518790,34142402,Posted: 10 August,all,Tigref,Very realistic wild life.
,Recommended,518790,34136470,Posted: 9 August,all,Kano,Good hunting sim imo...just wished I would have waited a few days....it would have been on sale....
,Recommended,518790,34047967,Posted: 5 August,all,Roemello Skuggs,"GoodUshering in the long-awaited ""comfy"" game subgenre with satisfactory production qualityImpeccable design and attention to design elements like the GPSMultiplayer is one of those fantastic additions that will have you wondering why nobody had gotten it right beforeConsistent FPS and overall performance (may vary)GrossDevelopers have not responded to many bugs and glitches but have released PAID DLC that directly affects gameplay. It could be addressed as a scheduling issue but a lot of time has passed.Very poor anti-aliasing, resulting in so-so graphics on maxed out Ultra settings that will sometimes betray the immersion factor.Playerbase/community not welcoming to new players, lots of disconnections after checking your rank.Be warned, terrible Activison-tier DLC practices very early into the game's life cycle,before bugs and glitches have been addressed. ""Tents and Ground Blinds"" pack is a shortcut DLC for 4.99 that can later be purchased with the in-game currency you earn. ""ATV"" pack is a 4.99 DLC that has a MAJOR effect on gameplay, essentially increasing the price of the full experience by 4.99.OverallGameplay:8/10Within the Genre:10/10Graphics:7/10Immersion:8/10DLC Practices:0/10Grind Factor:4/10Value:5/10The best hunting game experience yet, but only a recommended purchase if at a drastically reduced price. Consider the $4.99 ATV DLC a necessity. Buyer be warned, you very well may be purchasing a dump-and-dash title that has already made it's money and won't get the support it needs.Specs:Graphics: Nvidia GTX 1080 Ti Founder's EditionProcessor: Ryzen 7 1800x 8-Core 3.6 GHzMotherboard: MSI X370 Gaming ProRAM: G.SKILL Ripjaws V 64Gb DDR4 SDRAMHDD: Samsung SSDPower Supply: EVGA Supernova G2 1600WDisplay: Acer Predator XB321HK 32"" 4k*The ""Within the Genre"" rating refers to a game's place within it's own genre and how it stacks up against titles that may offer an experience that is similar in many ways."
,Recommended,518790,30833271,Posted: 30 March,all,kiggaxwut,"Edit: After a few more hours and some more content updates, I guess I felt like altering my review. I think I was probably a bit harsh in my previous assessment. The ATV allows you to quickly zoom around the map and pick up outposts that might have taken ages to walk to. It does a great job of scaring away wildlife so you can't abuse it and get easy shots (buffalo are another story, but I mean come on, they're huge). The tents and blinds dlc allows you to save and fast travel to multiple sites around the map, adding a better variety of places to quickly hunt.Animal pathing and AI seems better, or at least more consistent. I haven't seen a bugged animal in over 15 hours, and it seems like it's actually more rare to find things unless you're taking your time and using your binos religiously. More immersive, and more rewarding. They finally made a quit to main menu button. Excellence. Most of the UI/map bugs are patched but I still get that annoying bug where the map just opens up to a random spot. Also, I still sometimes get that weird 180 degree turn right after shooting my rifle. I can live with these things, at the end of the day.I haven't touched much of the multiplayer side of things in a long time, so I can't comment on that. But all in all this is a fun game that I really enjoy playing and would recommend to others, even with its faults.----=-=--=-=-----Wow, 80 hours already. I think this is also my first Steam review.I enjoy theHunter COTW. At the core it is a hunting simulator, and in that regard it performs somewhat admirably. The landscapes in both playable maps are expansive and beautiful. The game engine really brings out the beauty of these hunting grounds whether it's a clear summer day or moonlit foggy night. Seeing the jagged antlers of the buck you've been intently tracking for what seems like hours shimmer in the sun while it trots within the tall foliage is quite the sight to see. The sun's rays sometimes glow through the trees, creating an ambience that causes you to stop and just take it all in.Through numerous patches that have come after the game's release, the game is in, at least for me, a playable state. As mentioned in many other reviews perhaps these bugs should have been ironed out before release. I won't get into that debate as it seems to be the industry-wide norm. Bugs are minimal now, animal pathing and AI seems to be working more reliabely (though with some major faults, such as herd behavior). I haven't spontaneously combusted by walking between two rocks or two saplings in a long time. Sure, there's still some issues with terrain and how the player/animals interact with it, buggy/misplaced things such as grass hanging in the air, etc. With a map this expansive there are bound to be some issues and animals will eventually get stuck. This is part of the process and is something I can live with. However, due to my aforementioned herd behavior mention, if an animal as part of a herd does manage to bug out on a rock and get stuck, the rest of the animals will circle voilently around it until it dies (or you get trampled). This can lead to some funny/fruitful opportunities but as a hunting simulator it greatly detracts from the immersion.Multiplayer is bare bones minimal. The single-player questing system is absent in the multiplayer version, instead replaced with competitions you can start with other players. These include hitting an animal in the heart first, bagging 3 fallow deer trophies, etc. While it can be a worthy distraction it would have been nice to be able to quest with other players. Especially with those difficult missions (high level photos, gold star ratings, etc.). There remains the issue of connected players to a host server being unable to unlock new landmarks/outposts, etc. I personally never join a server if I play multiplayer as I always want the option, so I host. It explains why there are so many servers with just 1 player in them.My issue is that this developer seems to be following the trend. A console release has been announced recently and with the lack of updates it will only get worse in my opinion. A guise of two separate console and PC development teams is their only defense - just take a look at the patch note comments. The sad truth is that development for the PC version will slow until they get their cash flow from the console release. The game takes a modestly beefy PC to render the graphics at their ultimate potential, and a lot of people don't have the pcmasterrace in them.  If they get a console version that runs at 30 FPS and has full game pad support, a lot of people might hop on that boat. Why wouldn't they release a console version? Lotta money potential. And that seems to be their game - hey, it's a business.6.5/10"
76561198120120855,Not Recommended,518790,30181999,Posted: 25 February,all,Aki秋,There still too many BUGG around. But if not as BUGGY as before.
76561198120393693,Recommended,518790,29968004,Posted: 16 February,all,Ryanater,"So addicting,would reccomand!"
,Recommended,518790,34538512,Posted: 27 August,all,Cat_Nip,"i really like the game and the coop/multiplayer. It needs more drive to play. more animals to hunt and more guns or bows, surely could use more drive but not pay after pay after pay for season passes like the classic game."
76561198031886064,Recommended,518790,34606218,Posted: 30 August,all,ZniperZteve,"Brilliant game, mindblowing grafic and the light in this game is outta this world. It feels like ur actually there in the woods. Sounds are brilliant. This game is just awesome."
,Recommended,518790,34616765,Posted: 30 August,all,EvilKingYoshi,"Pretty good game. HUUUUUGE maps, a whole lot of pretty good tracking features, with the ability to turn off extra help like highlighted tracks and what not. With Helps turned off, even with the perks/skills you can unlock as you level, it's still pretty realistic, as a real tracker/hunter would be able to tell the same information from the same tracks, and so your *character* can too.When I first started playing the game, I thought it was easy as I found quite a few animals pretty quickly. But the more you hunt the same area, the harder it is to find animals and I've gone an hour at a time without seeing a decent target.Enjoying it, and although I know it's a full game, I hope they keep supporting it well into the future."
,Recommended,518790,34617021,Posted: 30 August,all,Till Walther,"The most atmospheric hunting game I've ever played, and the most beautiful natural environment I've ever seen in a game. Sometimes I forget to watch out for prey and just gaze at the gorgeous scenery. Dear devs, please give us some nordic sceneries soon (Scandinavia, Alaska; I liked Sweden in theHunter very much)!"
,Recommended,518790,34619277,Posted: 30 August,all,ATHKING hellcase.com,"great game theHunter™: Call of the Wild , i liked itgraphics are awsome .. really beautiful scenes alll over the game , sound effects of the game is too good , my personal fav is rain sound u will feel like real rain sound .......i lost myself in the forest tooo good game...."
,Recommended,518790,34542901,Posted: 27 August,all,TheHunter,"HIGHLY reccommended. I've been playing various iterations of this game through the years, and FINALLY this is the version I've been always hoping for. You can hunt with friends in the most gorgeous PC engine I've ever seen. Unlock guns by hunting instead of microtransactions, etc. I'd say getting the ""DLC"" is a must, if for the 4-wheeler alone. It's not perfect, but it's been a TON of fun, and I want all hunting fans to give this a try.TL;DR- The closest a game has ever come to replicating hunting. Get it."
,Recommended,518790,34623837,Posted: 30 August,all,ChosenUnbread,You have never lived untill you've emptied your revolver into the skull of a charging bison and get trampled to death anyway.
,Recommended,518790,34479864,Posted: 25 August,all,Drolkradeht,"Its nice, but every time i look down, i dont see my legs"
76561198381042696,Recommended,518790,34632553,Posted: 31 August,all,JiMMy-0.0,"The game is a good game, that is, content is too monotonous, easy to let people play for some time later can not find the beginning of the freshness. I suggest that the official later to improve the game content is very perfect! For example, in the game and then add a little more animal species, and even can develop some ferocious aggressive animals, the player can cause a certain threat to increase the sense of excitement of the game. There are players can make a trap, do not have to personally go hunting, do some traps can wait for you to finish the map after a lap back, when you see the trap to catch prey when the kind of mood is absolutely no less than with the gun And with the bow and arrow shot to the cool!Finally, I would like to say that this is really a good hunting game, it is worth to experience!"
,Recommended,518790,31528724,Posted: 3 May,all,Dread,"So beautiful, its just a shame that i am literally the worst hunter known to this game! kick me if you see me join your game... honestly couldnt hit a barn door if i was touching it with my nose!"
76561198025868463,Recommended,518790,34646815,Posted: 31 August,all,Pwetosaure,A very good game.Pros:- Immersion- Scenery is incredibly beautiful- Damage management is well doneCons:-A hard modwithout visual indications (like track glowing and HUD) would be a nice add-on.-More animals!
76561198213564693,Recommended,518790,34660559,Posted: 1 September,all,R0BBI3 R0TT3N,at first ii had a crappy pc and could'nt play this amazing game and i was sad but i got a refund. then about 2 months later i got a new pc and yesterday evening i got the COTW again and its already my favorite hunter game
,Recommended,518790,34641846,Posted: 31 August,all,Hurricane Harvey,"A Huge, and i mean HUGE improvement over the last one. The biggest negativity is about the DLC, personally, I dont think its needed. Its nice, but then after you unlock all the camps and scare away you income, there goes 3 dollars.Pros:Absolutely BEAUTIFUL.Starting weapon doesnt suckAll animals are killableRange of ammo and gunsfast travelcons:Kinda buggy in some spotsSound doesnt always make sense. (I thought rain would help cancel out the sound you make"
,Recommended,518790,34663607,Posted: 1 September,all,IronSnak3,Best way to enjoy the great outdoors without having to leave the room.
76561198318358288,Not Recommended,518790,31614520,Posted: 7 May,all,mishbuka,"This game has been the source of my frustration for the past few days. I will load it up and it will work for about 30-45 minutes until it completely freezes then crashes. The last time that it crashed, once it FINALLY closed after about 10 minutes, I went back to steam to try and load the game again and it said that the game wasn't even installed. I lost all of my progress and had to start all over. Once I came to terms with having to start over, I played again, this time for 1 hour of amazing gameplay. The next day I want to play again. So, I load up the game and as soon as I see the menu screen, the game freezes and stays frozen for 15 minutes until it finally crashes. At this point, I am beyond frustrated. I am dissapointed that such a great game has so many bugs."
76561197970725687,Recommended,518790,32544147,Posted: 18 June,all,Tomahawk,"Good hunting simulator/game and it's one of the most impressive nature environments I have seen in any game.The DLC's are nice, but not necessary to play the game."
76561198072852232,Recommended,518790,34821713,Posted: 8 September,all,Steelrain1992,"amazing atmosphere, fun game, great side jobs to do, and realistic hunting features.  Great game if you're a hunter but can't find that time to go do some real life hunting."
76561198006582789,Recommended,518790,34850345,Posted: 9 September,all,Muertington,"Really like it, but the reasons for which I like this game might not make much sense so dont mind it.If you are not patient, or just want an action packed animal shooter, dont like tracking and waiting for long times in a single spot for that perfect albino deer (rare spawn so to say) doing nothing but watching through your binoculars, if you are one of those treehuggers who think hunting is bad, if you dont like to spend literally hours trudging through woods, swamps and  forests, if the lack of a high end goal beyond annoys you (it certainly annoys me at times)...But above all the first thing mentioned: if you lack patience, do not purchase this game.Its a very inmersive (maybe not fully realistic but for realism I could buy myself a rifle and go hunting) hunting game with a rather limited variety of animals divided into two BIG hunting reserves.One in central Europe, and one in northern America (this one rocks).I think the best comparison I could do about this game is the Silent Hunter submarine simulator games.In this game you are the hunter, and you got a variety of weapons (rifles and bows substitute the submarines).Each weapon has some ammo types (torpedoes) which are more adecuated for certain situations (range, target inegrity  etc).You can freely roam the forests (seas) in search of preys, but obviously you cant just run and gun. Animals (merchants) will spot you and run away or even attack you.You have to play as a hunter (sorry for being redundant) and lay in wait submerged in the bushes or among the trees, hoping for the prey to make a pass.Or perhaps you will go into silent navigation (ehrmm I mean stealth mode) and stalk your prey to get close and personal with the bow.Or try your luck with a long range shot hoping for a kill.If you miss the shot the animal will run away, and most of the times you will have only one chance to hit him.If you aim to the weak parts (neck, head, vertebrae) it will be one shot one dead animal.Or you can hit a non vital part and then youll have to track it (sometimes for a loooong time) till you find the corpse.Over time your character will get experience points and level up, allowing you to unlock a series of perks and weapon skills that will help you further in your endeavours.There are four types of weapons: bows, rifles, shotguns and revolvers, but I have to say that the amount of weapons available in game is rather poor.You can spend your credits (earned via hunting or doing missions) in those weapons, aswell as gear such as animal attractors, backpacks, tents or some all terrain motorbike.And obviously ammo, which aint free.Right now the problem I got with the game is that there aint much to do with the credits you earn once you got the gear from the shop.Also, the variety of species aint very big (each or the two hunting reserves has its own fauna).Being a hunting game would be great to be able to set up a camp with a small fire, even if it only serves an inmersion purpose.All in all I recommend it as long as you meet the patience requirement."
76561198126983599,Recommended,518790,34852096,Posted: 9 September,all,MichaelStryker,"well I played the game for 146 hours so fare great game. At first it get little frustrating trying to shoot a deer and get everything down, it start to get easier and to point your going feel like a  pro hunter.Only flaw maybe because the game developers don't like 30-30 it's pretty much been nurf from it's original stats. A weapon that known to be effective on deer-sized and black bear-sized game, 200 yd they made it be be 82yd not even effective to shoot your gramma bed pan from out under her bed. I would under stand the 45-70 being 82-100yds.its a heavier bullet.So yes after you get the ..270 rifle which will take deer down,  save your pennies and go for the 7mm rifle and leave the leaver action on the store shelf."
,Recommended,518790,34891903,Posted: 11 September,all,Shio,"Over all just a good game. Good graphics and decent gameplay, but getting levels is insanely tough though, so the game is quite a grind to get all the equipment and perks/skills."
76561198080272643,Recommended,518790,35115839,Posted: 21 September,all,matt.trexler,One of the best games I have ever played.  Very beautiful scenery.
76561198011801271,Recommended,518790,35117969,Posted: 21 September,all,Goodcat,"I really enjoy this game, if you are lookign for a solid hunting game I'd reccomend it.The animals react well and the scenery is beautiful."
,Recommended,518790,35126904,Posted: 22 September,all,Blaze,"Great game! especially when unwinding after a long day at work. Beautiful scenery and realistic wilderness sounds. The game is super addicting and peaceful at times. I have experienced a few bugs primarily with sound. If you're impatient and or an action junkie, this game is not for you!!"
76561197971055672,Recommended,518790,33743261,Posted: 23 July,all,Kelevra,"The game is rather fun.I only hope that by the end,the DLC prices + the game pricewon't reach $ 69.99..."
76561198015981456,Recommended,518790,35027379,Posted: 17 September,all,dArkimbA,"I've got enough hours in this game to make a review;PROS:Good graphics, animals sounds, enviroment effects, weather etc.Can purchase weapons / ammo / hunt animals without license.You get ingame money once you kill an animal.You can ride ATV to hunt far away on top of mountains or whateer you like.Huge maps - alot to discover and alot to take in.CONS:I killed a buck, crouched down and zoomed in on it - All of a sudden I flew skyhigh landed in the ditch far away.I drove my ATV pretty fast, barely touched the water then something kicked me off the ATV, my ATV is on fire and all wheels went off just because I touched the water. I was barely touching it, not even an inch deep.Game has it's bugs, probably some of the annoying ones is the bug were you crouch and zoom fast enough for the person you are playing to fly skyhigh for some reason. I WONT CROUCH NO MORE.So yeah, I recommend the game - because all those licenses in the classic game just was a big turn off./Defeated by Gravity."
76561198103090241,Recommended,518790,35024121,Posted: 17 September,all,10ring11,This game is awesome game
76561198147917348,Not Recommended,518790,34679513,Posted: 2 September,all,YremleY hellcase.com,"This game has amazing looks (if your pc can handle it) .At first this game was really fun and it seemed as it had much to offer. But that wasn't case. After a couple of hours it got pretty boring running around in the forest. If you dont purchase the atv dlc your only means of transportation is walking, and that sucks up most of the time I spent in this game. I liked it and all, I just feel like it wasn't worth the price."
76561198093351161,Recommended,518790,35111936,Posted: 21 September,all,HunterGG,"Game is really good ! For those who love to find themselves lost in nature,wandering around,climbing high rocky mountains,taking grasps of truly beautiful lakes ,and of course Hunting:this game is overall great!Almost a virtual heaven i could call it!Graphics are stunning,the audio engine is working great too.I have almost 100 hours so far and i haven't explored not even 50% of the places to travel.It's a game that needs you to be patient (a lot ).Dev team is doing well so far , but in my opinion they need to focus more on taking care of bugs that kill the immersiveness of this game than adding more paid content .Multiplayer still buggy,DEFINITELY needs more improvements.We are always welcoming new content as long as the prices are reasonable though.In conclusion this game is a 7,5/10 !Dev team , do NOT ,i repeat do NOT turn this game into Thehunter classic !!! Give us more free useful content that would make this game reach ""perfection"".P.S Allow us to hunt smaller animals and birds.Should offer access to modders to give callofthewild various  gameplay styles ,it's a win-win situation for sure.Don't let us down devs!See you in hunting grounds;)"
76561198342981347,Recommended,518790,35133757,Posted: 22 September,all,vinb123,great game but the only problem is the droppings curcle is very inaccurate
76561198104485775,Not Recommended,518790,32381628,Posted: 12 June,all,FearedFox18,"Dont get this game, Save your money for something better down the lineyou are paying $30, just to have to pay more for the microtransaction DLC for content that should have been in the game at launchATV's.....Ground Blinds....and a third reserve (since there are only 2 in the base game)....all locked behind a pay wall, and thats just what has been released or announced at the time ofwriting thison top of that, the game is infested with bugs and issuesif you have your heart set on this game, go ahead, its your money, but of your looking for a good game that works without bugs, where you dont have to spend extra money to make it fun, look elsewhere"
,Recommended,518790,35321314,Posted: 29 September,all,kiddolo,This is a great game i was reluctant on reviewing it with only about 3 hours clocked on playing time but i can already tell I'll be logging far too much time on it. I haven't played a game for three hours straight in years.So far the gameplay is very good. You have to get to know the land and how to track an animal the right way. You can't just find droppings and go running in that direction. You have to sneak and make sure your downwind. Maybe go prone and crawl through bushes towards your prey. On one occasion i found myself hunting a black bear in high grass waiting for him to stand so i could take my shot. First shot was right off a kill mark and i had to chase him through weeds with the sound of wild coyotes close by. The game is a perfect balance between relaxing and tense but its almost your choice.The game has a story and background which i can't fully review due to not having enough time into the game. But from what i have experienced it doesnt seem like a story that got thrown into the game just to have one. It adds more reason to keep playing and keep the player occupied.Overall this is a solid game and perfect for the price. I'll be updating my review as i play more.
,Recommended,518790,35324418,Posted: 29 September,all,Insidious,"Graphics are stunning, insane realism"
76561197990084942,Recommended,518790,35322348,Posted: 29 September,all,silverback_7,"This is a very thorough hunting simulation. I say simulation in the literal way not as a joke. Animals have (in my humble real life experience as a hunter) a very reasonable aproximation of real life behaivior. The weapons in the game reflect thier real life counterparts very well.  Twigs and dry weeds crack and snap under your feet, the rain effects your visibility and the ability for game animals to hear you. Fog is as much of a pain as you can imagine but makes for some glorious screenshots.Be warned, this is NOT a Cabelas style arcade shooter where you'll be mowing down hundreds of animals in 2 minutes with an AR-15.  Hunts for indiviual animals can last 45 minutes if you arent careful approaching and startle your target of if you dont land a lethal shot and have to track it.Your choice of weapons in this game is limited to something you might actually use on  a real hunt. Bolt action and single shot rifles are the most prevelant with shotguns and pistols alos available. Bows are also present but probably the weakest part of the game as the arrow physics arent very represetative of reality.  They are still usable but i reccommend you get used to the sneaking mechanics for close shots to assure success.For me, this is the game of a lifetime. Thorougly enjoyable because of the lack of acade style nonsense, concentrating instead on slower more authentic gameplay. Weapons and hunting equipment is realistic and is based on well known hunting tools.This game is also actively being worked on by the devs with a third reserve coming soon (as of 9/29/17) as paid DLCHighly HIGHLY recommended!!!!"
76561198285942670,Recommended,518790,35322358,Posted: 29 September,all,TomSkyline,its fun but so slow past and there shoud be more animals
76561198134927564,Recommended,518790,35309689,Posted: 29 September,all,Luke Skywalker,This is a GREAT game. the only thing is its only windows. from playing i realised hat this could be on a Mac. Please make it a mac game.
76561198275445202,Recommended,518790,35344343,Posted: 30 September,all,Lynx,"Good parts:It's a really good and fun arcade hunting game, If you dont have anything to play or just want to play with friends or yourself. Its a really suited game for that purpouse in my opinion. Its nothing i would play for straight 1 day only.Hitboxes could be better and spawn rates but thats pretty much all.Bad parts:Sorry i needed to bring up bad parts but there are some...As i said hitboxes could be better. Not only on the animals but the things around you like trees. I tried killing a blacktail deer infront of me and i had a tree to the right but i clearly shot the deer but still hit the tree.The spawnrates, i wish you could really fix that in some server settings or in your settings to either have a really low % to find something or a high % to find something. That would be cool if you think the game is hard or if you want more of a challange.Thats it. Buy it if you really want a good arcade game... If you want the best realistic hunting game go to theHunter classic. Its much more realistic. Costs more.. buy hey you will support the creators and that will lead to better things in the future :)"
,Recommended,518790,35342848,Posted: 30 September,all,SeaDawg,"Amazing game, very well optimized and f***ing gorgeous."
76561198226426048,Recommended,518790,35295440,Posted: 29 September,all,swishoTV,Nice game i only wish that there were more weapons and clothing
,Recommended,518790,35309015,Posted: 29 September,all,Venezuelian militia,"Having played for over 77 hours and found most of the lookouts and camps on both maps there are a few issues that players need to understand if they want to play this game. Shooting a deer in the head from under 20m away quite often leads to low blood loss and a long run over easily ove 30 minutes before finding the body, where as hitting a deer in the neck from almost any range will result in an instant kill. While it is a good game and obviously not fast paced it can be frustrating and can put some players off easily. The kills often seem to be worked out by the software as a roll of an imaginary dice and not based on any kind of balistics or hit box. The weather is good but the down side for the player is when it rains the rain is so loud you cannot hear any animals moving around but the animals can hear you from a vast distance unless you are stationary. When an animal is shot quite often the tracks will criss cross your path without you ever seeing the animal moving in that direction, i have found often after shooting an animal in an open field the track criss crosses the field even though i had watched the animal run straight away from me and out of the field. I am not saying this game is a bad game by any means but there are glaring issues that havent been addressed. The game portrays itself as a hunting simulator with weather,wind,noise,fatigue but the animals are quite often based on an arcade style. I would happily recommend this game as a game to relax with but not as a game that rewards for progress and skill."
,Recommended,518790,30366190,Posted: 6 March,all,Mood93,"Good: Graphics, Sounds, ImmersionBad: Bugs, Bugs, Bugs. Multiplayer hardly works. Frequent crashes. Bugs."
76561198276155326,Recommended,518790,35507237,Posted: 5 October,all,ttower,"Not sure why I bought this game. I dont even like hunting.Besides that, this is a very good game. It requries skill and patience to do well, and there is a nice varity of animals on very well made maps with tons of details. Guns are modeled well, and there is a nice variey. It does take quite a while to work your way up to better guns and ammo, as well as being able to afford them. It can be a grind, but the game can be perfect if you are doing something else at your desk. If you are working on something, you could just leave the game running while sitting in a huntingg blind and wait for an animal while doing something else. I think if you have the patience, this ame could be very enoyable for you."
,Recommended,518790,35508952,Posted: 5 October,all,"RAW ""3ncry973d""",I like this game but my PC sucks.
