user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,519190,33781883,Posted: 25 July,all,Dr. Hax,"From someone who has played survival games extensively on both the PC and XB1 I think i know what makes a good survival game. To put it simply this game is very ambitious, it has a story that isn't far fetched at all, plenty of things to do other than running around murdering other players like some games *violent coughing* DayZ and Rust >:L .Pros:Simple crafting system that the game doesn't rely on too heavilyLots of ways to progress, via skills, gear, currency and vehicles.Loads of fun with friendsMany different NPCs belonging to different factions, leading to a lot of different encounters (Players can also be a part of said factions)Detailed questsQuite a bit of replayabillityLow low price tagIt's Very originalCons:Somewhat buggy UI (it becomes far easier to manage once you mess with it a bit)Kind of steep learning curve (Biggest noobie issue is trying not to die from sickness which can very easily be caused by not getting clothes in time for night)3rd person only (Annoying at first gets better later on)NPC hitboxes could use and adjustmentAmmo is a bit scarce (it can be purchased by shopkeepers for reasonable prices though)Common issues from early access titles (UI bugs, infrequent framerate stutters, toxic PVP community, etc)There are 3 modes. Main, PVE, and Last Man Standing. Main is the full game without any restrictions. Anyone can be an enemy. PVE which is the same as Main only players cannot kill each other (The communities for these modes are VERY different, i reccomend trying them both and playing whichever you like more). Last Man Standing is just Battle Royale (i haven't played it yet so not sure how well it functions, i will edit this later after i have played that mode a bit).Some of the things i hear people complaining about are to be expected in early access titles like ""The UI is buggy"" or ""It doesn't have a lot of content"" to which i say"" It's early access M8, everything will get better eventually"" which is very true. Quick backround, i have pretty bad attention issues so i usually can't play games for very extended periods of time due to me just getting kind of bored. I played this (with a friend) for 6 hours straight which isn't super easy for me to do with any game. The only reason i stopped was because my friend had to get offline due to it being 3 AM.At that point we had some of the best gear in the game (other than a sniper rifle for each of us), a working vehicle, and loads of spare currency. In it's current state i give this game a 8/10, early access being done right, where the devs dont slap something together half hazardly and release it, as i struggle to find too many bugs that aren't minor.EDIT: I just participated in my first faction battle, myself and 3 other friends were raiding one of the Looter faction's outposts. We had a guy up on the hill with a rifle and me and the 2 others up close taking cover behind a destroyed tank. We'd peek and shoot, enemies would do the same. Not all of them were players by the way, a good number of them were NPCs which added to the immersion. about 20- 25 minutes later the raid was over, we won. We looted the bodies (ironic cuz they are the looter faction lol) and buildings and hightailed it back to out outpost, i fear retailiation, and by fear i mean i can't wait to defend my outpost. The more i play this game the more i enjoy it.Did this review help you? Did you agree with anything i said? Why or why not? Let me know in the comments."
,Recommended,519190,33686323,Posted: 20 July,all,AtlasTheCarry,"I bought this not expecting much out of a game that claimed so much, for such a little price tag. Boy was I wrong!Sure it has it's bugs since it is early access, but I find it still more enjoyable than most other survival games out there!Positives:-It has all that you would expect from a S.T.A.L.K.E.R game implemented into a PvP or PvE environment.-4 Different factions (Civilian, Neutral, Looters and Traitors)-Traders and storage for your items.-Quests are easy to get going-Great character improvement system.-Survival aspects; Cold, Heat, Diseases, Bleeding, Hunger, Thirst, etc.-Hit registration works pretty good.-Great S.T.A.L.K.E.R like atmosphere.-Balanced currency system.-The amount of loot laying around is well balanced.-Graphics are decent.-CHEAP!!!-Proximity VOIP.-Group Markers for allies.-Well Optimized.Negatives:-Occasional loss of connection to servers.-You have to be online to play singleplayer.-Sickness and diseases are way too frequent and fast.-Group system needs some work. (Have to re-invite after each death)-Lack of guidance on how to use objects, craft and how the game's mechanics work.-KOS like in any other game of the genre.-The AI need some work on accuracy and movements mostly.Overall, It is a very good and stable release on steam and it is worth the entirety of it's low pricetag!"
,Recommended,519190,33762731,Posted: 24 July,all,DeLaGardie,"Awesome game!-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-I highly recommend it to anyone, who likes to play games like STALKER and METRO 2033Buy it with disount and it will be your best investment this year!-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-Pros:-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-- Great atmosphere- Challenging missions (not all of them, but there are some that are pretty hard to do, especially with poor equipment)- Realistic weapons and wounds- One shot sniper rifles (woohoo!!!)- Quests system- A lot of equipment (different backpacks for different missions, some of them can carry less items which are more heavier, and others more items but lighter in total)- A lot of weapons (handguns, ARs, SMGs, MGs, SRs, knives, wrenches, pipes, etc. Anything can be a weapon. Try to kill bear with a pipe or shovel to get achievement)- A lot of food / water supplies- Crafting (very useful in the beginning, probably will be even better in the future)- Different game modes (PVP, PVE, King of the hill) Each game mode has dedicated character which is good.- Nice locations, quite big main map (probably more locations, map will be added int he future)- A lot of dangers / deceases you should stand against (most of them kill you and not making you stronger)-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-Cons:-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-- Bugs (but developers working hard to fix them quickly and according to highest priority). So, if you experience heavy problems with some mechanics, check the forum and try another day - it's a good chance that fix will be deployed on server. It happend for example with inventoy bug and long login screens - all those nasty things were fixed next day.- Early Access Game (whatever it means - if you ready to be a beta tester and find workarounds for bugs, you're welcome here)- Graphics is poor (not like The Division or Dishonored 2), but still looks pretty nice.- Game doesn't have 1st person shooter mode, only 3rd person (like The Division). May be it will be changed in the future.10 Bear Grylls out of 10"
,Recommended,519190,33746984,Posted: 23 July,all,Corrosion,"Impressive.So, I've been playing the singleplayer mode and I gotta say that this game is way ahead of all others like it. Nether, Dayz, Infestation, etc. I've never seen a game that is dubbed an MMO be so polished, have so much to offer, and be so enjoyable.PVE is also a lot of fun to play with friends but it gets old kinda quick since there are so many people sprinting around and looting everything.It takes place in some fictional country that is obviously ex Soviet. The voice acting is well done, the graphics are pretty good, the sound effects are fitting, and the environment is otherworldly.I recommend this game, highly, to anyone who enjoys survival games with a post apocalyptic or Soviet sci fi theme.Disclaimer: The game does have some serious bugs here and there and a lot of the item descriptions are wrong. Especially for weapons and ammo."
,Recommended,519190,33711841,Posted: 21 July,all,strelokcyka,"I will update this review as I play...but I need to make note of one important thing for my regionVersion: ReleaseTHIS GAME HAS AUSTRALIAN REGION SUPPORT FOR ONLINEPros:Performance is greatAustralian Server Support + 4 Other Regions WWGood presentationCons:Some text is not translated correctly, most needed for gameplay is,Novice players may struggle with the current build content[ok thats it for now, check back soon for more notes]"
,Recommended,519190,33709401,Posted: 21 July,all,p r o t e K- | ゴ プ ニ ク,Install gameAll options are in Russian 10/10Spawn in safe areawalk into campFellow STALKERS sitting around a campfire warming up and listening to an NPC play the guitarstart to warm my handsimmediately die from a common cold.Russian life simulator 2k18.
76561197971549544,Not Recommended,519190,34691846,Posted: 2 September,all,K31 p4nnus,"Next Day: Survival is a 3rd person survival shooter with a Stalker-esque setting minus the mutants, anomalies and radiation. Next Days environmental hazards are toxic gas clouds that can cover certain parts of the map. The game has some light rpg elements such as the inventory system,skill levels with their passive stat bonuses and the few fetch-this-kill-that quests.I bought the game bc it was 6 euros and it seemed to have a nice atmosphere, somewhat bringing Stalker to my mind. In that way it did mostly live up to my expectations. It has what youre looking for if you need a quick fix of some slavic postapocalyptic survival faction vs faction action. The gunplay is very arcadey tho and thats one of the biggest problems for me gameplaywise. Theres no bullet drop or anything. Players and NPCs are rendered to only about 150-200m so its impossible to kill anyone beyond that distance, unless youre a hacker. With the Dragunov or PSG-1 you would kinda wanna be able to actually shoot people to the distances they are capable of..not to even talk about the AKMs effective firing range of approx. 50m. From here we get to a different problem: the map is really small, so realistic sniping distances would create pretty big kill zones around the faction HQs. Still I would prefer the distances to be realistic and a bigger map over what we have now.The game has weapons from knifes and pistols to ARs n snipers and even a gauss gun (only futuristic/scifi thing in the game, very stalker-esque IMO). The TTK is pretty low when shooting soft targets, but geared players or npcs with the best armor can take a beating if not HS'd. I would prefer the armors to be less tanky. The damage system is pretty barebones (after spending a week playing EFT) but its a good start for sth more complex.You can choose from two different factions or try to remain neutral, but the latter leaves you without quests or meaning. If you kill members of your own faction youll get the Traitor status. Being a Traitor means youll be unable to go to your factions HQ and that anyone can kill you for +5 reputation. All NPCs will open fire on you, except the Starting Safe Zone NPC's. The status lasts for 90 mins. Civilians are them good guys and Looters are them bad guys. Looters are also anyone with a negative reputation score and they try to kill Civilians to stay under 0 rep. Vice versa on Civilian side. Shooting a Neutral is -1 rep and shooting a civ is -3 rep. Dudes from opposing factions can squad up with no penalties so the mechanic can create some really annoying situations where you have to kill a hostile faction member and take the Traitor status to survive.The factions have their own HQs, which ARE NOT safe zones. Anyone can kill anyone in a faction HQ. This means that raiding the enemy HQ is entirely possible and not punished. Me gusta. (The HQs are protected by +15 faction NPCs so raiding the base is not easy without the APC) You can do some really cheeky (breeki) stuff in Next Day: Survival, such as sniping the enemy HQ, killing people who access the trader/inventory, or driving the APC straight inside, ramming everyone to death. I personally think that the factions and their HQs should remain as they are, tho I do admit that the brutal approach to factions makes the game pretty HC if theres big groups of players wreaking havoc.The vehicles are an extra IMO, as the map is so small you can easily travel around it by foot. The APC is pretty powerful, but its easy to avoid and dodge in the forests. Theres no AT weaponry in the game so destroying the APC isnt easy. During my 80 hrs of gameplay I never saw it destroyed. I still dont think its too OP, but the devs should add (a really rare) RPG to counter it.Why the negative score?Because of hackers. The anticheat is handled via EAC with poor success. During the last month theres been a fastly growing wave of hackers in the game, aimbotting and godmoding like hell. For me the game has been unplayable since it started. I tried reporting a hacker and EAC responded that I need the hackers Steam ID. I couldnt find it so to my knowledge nothing has been done about that POS. I even updated my forum report twice when the same exact hacker was online and killing people, in hopes of getting the attention of an admin. There needs to be a report button after you die, or on the player list.TL;DRNext Day: Survival is a cheap slavic semi-post-apocalyptic survival game with bang for your buck if youre in to that kind of stuff. Its hardcore but with arcadey gunplay. Its world is brutal but not as unforgiving as i.e. DayZ. Theres faction mechanics abuse, spawn killing and 3rd person view ""abusing"" but its all part of the game IMO. It also has potential to become even better with the promised new (hopefully big) map and 1st person view. Right now I dont recommend it for anyone, bc of the hacker problem. I will update the review if the situation gets better."
,Recommended,519190,33780999,Posted: 25 July,all,Korotonic,"{WARNING THIS IS A MORE DETAILED REVIEW}To start off... people don't give this game enough credit, and before you butthurt, band wagon, hate everything, edgy,♥♥♥♥♥♥gobblers scream about how I'm wrong, let me explain...-------------------------------First I'll start with the positive-------------------------------1) Game runs fairly well while staying decent looking even on medium settings2) In it's current state, being brand new to early access, It has a decent amount of things to do. Whether it's going down the quest lines or fighting some NPCs in a bunker, you're gonna find yourself in some action if you want it.3) Good faction fun, and what i mean by this is being a part of one of the factions allows you to participate in your own little community. Civilians and looters will constantly fight over towns and even raid eachothers camps.4) The Single player option is nice. As long as you're careful and have a good idea how to survive, Single player can really be a blast.5) Gun play is decent while even in third person. You do have to check your shots and take your time, but as long as you utilize cover, it shouldn't be too hard.6) Like said before with the faction bit, the interactions with other players can be amazing. While some of the looter faction seem to have a lack of morals and only enjoy ruining other people's day, it seems there are a lot of positive interactions with Civilian faction players as well as neutral.7) Dungeon like Bunkers? While not all of these are implemented, the few that are.. are a blast! While usually full of NPCs, the tight close quarters allow you to take cover and pick off NPCs while seemingly getting amazing loot.8) Animations! This one stood out... To see animations for near everything you do is really a fresh of breath air. The squating and sitting options also allow for a good immersion boost.--------------------Now to the cons...--------------------1) No Firstperson, and while this is a problem it doesn't cause me to dislike the game in any way. The whole ""everyone is on equal ground thing"" does seem to come into play since you don't have people switching in and out of views.2) Prices for Ammo and some things do seem a little extreme, but at the same time you can find some good ways to make money.3) Hypothermia can be a little bit of a problem when you start out, but it only hits you at night... Quick fix? wait till morning.4) Implementing a tutorial of some kind would help newer players at least know what they're getting thrown into. Probably could be thrown in with the first quests.5) Movement speed does seem a little sluggish, and while I do like the walk when not sprinting, I feel the sprint could be a bit quicker.-----------Summary-----------I think this game is worth its price to at least give it a try. The negative reviews are bit harsh considering this game just came out in early access and the way I see it the game is a bundle of potential that I think the Devs have the determination to put to good use. I'm sure if you gave the game a chance you might enjoy it."
76561197960760763,Recommended,519190,33732524,Posted: 22 July,all,Frank_Bob,"Spawed in in my boxers.Ran a couple of starter missions.Got cold.Died.Spawned in in my boxers.Said ♥♥♥♥ it to starter missions.ran towards town.Got cold.Died.Spawned in in my boxers.Found a knife.Followed a guy out of safe area.Knifed him in the eye.Stole his addidas.Ran towards town.Got cold.Died.Spawned in in my boxers.Found the same guy.Ran from him.He yelled in russian.Got shot in the neck.Got cold.Died.Spawned in in my boxers.Ran like a mofo.Found a town.Kitted upp with shotgun, assault rifle, makarov and a machete.Met the same guy.Got shoveled in the face.Got cold.Died.10/10"
,Recommended,519190,33716202,Posted: 22 July,all,Shadow Ops,"As of July 22 2017:Pros:-Good Tutorial-Reasonable food/water mechanics-Loot is quite balanced-PvP, PvE, and King of the Hill-Time to Kill is decent with AK and Makarov-Atmosphere is S.T.A.L.K.E.R. like-Animations and mechanics around weapons and clothing are better than most games. (I.E. animations for checking ammo in mags for putting on clothes.)Cons:-AI sometimes spawn a little too close to players-Civilian AI are a bit basic, but they are not aimbots and can be snuck up onMiddle Ground-Player vs Civilian AI is too easy. (I'd rather see an increase in the number of AI change rather than make them super accurate. Camps have maybe 2-4 AI scavengers.)-It is shoot on sight like most survival games (Personally I like to talk it out if possible.)-Military AI can seem unfair but they hold the best gear and should be hard to killI've played this game for only 3 hours at the time of this review. And the only thing I would change/add would be the following:-Harder natural enemies. (More than just wolves and bears. Try some mutated creatures.)-Increase map size. (It is decent in its current state, but I'd like to see it doubled length and width. That would be plenty of space.)-Fix small connectivity issues.-Let friends stay in group after death.-Add things like artifacts and anomalies (There are plenty of in-game references to S.T.A.L.K.E.R. to let this be a suggestion.)SummaryAs an early access game, this is one of the most polished games for the money. $10 for a solid survival game that isn't completely broken. It runs well on my GTX 970 16GB computer. I can't tell what it's like on the lower end."
,Not Recommended,519190,33912411,Posted: 30 July,all,Spookyena,"Next Day: Survival has numerous problems and a lot of potential.For instance, PVP servers are awful since the game’s Anti-Cheat doesn’t filter out any hackers whatsoever and will often have armed players camping outside the Neutral settlement spawn killing all the new players. This is especially problematic since no matter what new players will spawn in the same zone while the Neutral settlement itself only has two entrances so escaping said zone without being spawn killed is nearly impossible. Therefore, the following information was only gathered though player vs. environment servers.Even without the hackers and spawn campers the game isn’t much better off for new playerssince all players spawn naked which results in all new players having hypothermia five minutes in(the first quest now grants players clothes), and since all players first spawn in the exact same place all the clothes that actually spawn(which isn’t a lot to begin with) are all taken. Some good Samaritans enjoy hanging out in the Neutral spawn to give new players clothes. For the group of players that could either find clothes or deal with their character constantly coughing from sickness they still have NPCs to worry about, which introduces the player to the game’s most compelling, but problematic, challenge.A lot of what’s been said can waved off as a case of “the game’s hard, git gud”, which does have merit, when players don’t have the option to kill defenseless fresh spawns for no reason the game needs to provide a challenge for actual players to tackle, but it was not handled well. Wild animals are difficult to kill without an actual weapon, in fact, killing a wolf using a kitchen knife is one of the very first quests offered to the player in the game;which is about as difficult as it sounds;(the wolf in this quest is now scripted to have a third of the health of regular wolves) it certainly doesn’t help that NPCs have a habit of desynchronizing and rubber banding while attacks go right through the NPC’s model. Quests in-game are either “Go here, grab that/talk to him, come back” or “Go here, kill those, come back”, rewarding the player with money and items; sometimes the quest will give the player the items after accepting it rather than after completing the questwhich leads to a commonly used exploit where players will accept quests, take the reward, refuse the quest, then repeat until their storage is full(Quests can now only be repeated once every 10-30 minutes instead of instantly). Players can store items in their faction storage or in the neutral storage and purchase items from the same storage NPC. Quest rewards are rather generous,which is odd since because of the quests the game will grant the player an AKM with ammo without ever giving that player clothing.(Players are now granted clothes on their first quest)Other players doing quests does get in the way of normal gameplay since some quests spawn NPCs for that player to fight, so if any bystanders were in the area the NPCs will spawn on top of them with no warning, which often kills that player at no fault of their own. Human NPCs also suffer from desync, rubber banding and screwy hitboxes. Players often report that NPCs are able to take too many hits, and while this is agreeable, this is more of a point of playing victim, as player with adequate armor can take just as many, if not more hits as an NPC. NPCs all have infinite ammo with their weapons and spam them way too much despite how NPCs never carry spare magazines. NPCs are also stupidly accurate with their weapons, as they rarely miss targets regardless of distance or cover(some cover in the game is unreliable in the game anyways). This is compounded by how players are limited by their weapon’s accuracy and effective range.Despite all this, fighting NPCs is one of the few things that offers any challenge or satisfaction after players get going, since the game is so bare bones that there’s nothing else to do. Quests offer so much money that a player can just buy raw meat to cook and store, Quests are abused so much that most players will just have a full stock of first aid. All towns, even non-settlement towns have wells full of infinite clean water, and can be used to fill flasks. Wonky, unbalanced NPC battles are the only thing that offers any achievement to players after a while. As such most players just raid the Military Bunker with their pals, which causes additional problems because the Bunker is a separate server than the actual server the Bunker is connected to, so when a player leaves the Bunker and thus enters the standard game world the server’s player count goes over the limit which causes a parallel problem where players would actually lose connection to the game servers after attempting to enter the Bunker than thus have to relaunch the game, only to be locked out of the server they were in because now that same server has 23 players on it out of a supposed maximum of 20 slots.Next Day: Survival is barebones and littered with many potentially game breaking issues. The game is ambitious, but shallow. It’s one of the few Survival titles on the market that offers anything to do besides kill defenseless players for no reason, yet these activities need improvement. Despite its modest price it may be wiser to wait for a sale, especially since by that point the dev team might actually fix the many problems."
76561198094077501,Recommended,519190,34315635,Posted: 17 August,all,Vadim Dagestan,"Best russia simulator there is,Spawn in nakedDeath by hypoterimiaSpawn againFind adidasDeath by bearSpawn againDeath by gopnik10/10"
,Recommended,519190,33671404,Posted: 20 July,all,✪ F u L o S o P h Y,"I can honestly saying, having streamed the game and played it for the first 2 hours, I am honestly shocked how good this game actually is. There are somethings that need to be added and fixed, but in time it will come, but i have to say for a mere $7.50, I couldn't have asked for a survival game with quests and a actual working hitbox register system for pvp and a working Weather/Condition system. 5/5 for the creators of this! Hope to see this game take off !"
,Not Recommended,519190,34082422,Posted: 7 August,all,Guffmaw,"Update [26/08/2017]Game is rapidly dying, lost 3k players since i written this review, Developers didnt post anything for 17days after there first update, first thing they said after 17 days ""We are now starting to work on are next update""- 17 days of doing nothing on your first month of early access? avoid this title money grab.I wish i could mark this as a netural review because it is not a bad game, It's just not a good game either.ProsHaving to eat and drink gives it that survival aspectHas a quest systemEasy obtainable weapons, This could be a pro or a con depending on your views about it.Everything in the game has a amination tied to it, from removing backpacks, eating drinking and even sticking your middle finger up at a traitor.Art style is a personal favourite of mine.Alot people hate that there is a guy who plays a guitar in the neutral camp, i personally love it adds a nice touch.It's very cheap considering how the game looks its very pleasing on the eye.ConsFaction system, Traitors are now locked out of essentially playing the game for 1hour and 30 mins, You are not allowed to retrieve or stash gear you have aqquired.A lot of people are teaming up with a traitors as a looter or civilan and essentially bait you, with there traitor friend around the corner ready to kill you.My biggest complaint is that when you aim your crosshair lights up red and shows you what faction the enemy or friendly is, this wouldnt be to bad IF it didn't light up red when aiming through a bush, trees offer no cover since there so skinny and you will easily get shot in the arm, so only option is bushes oh wait nope cant do that cause they can just aim and find me in cover in a bush, essentialy the games world has 90% no cover.Best place for loot is the bunker, a instanced military bunker/tunnel, I personally have a slow hardrive and the fact that i have a slow loading time im basically standing still with my pants down while im loading free kill, you can see how many people are in this location, you spawn back at the door if you die and there is so much loot here just go and reloot a gun off a dead guard and the fight for the tunnel carrys on.Developers have not been vocal on there twitter or steam forums at all.I really do want to play more of this game but in its current state with the no cover, faction punishments and the lack of support/interaction with the developers i just can not play or recommend this game."
,Recommended,519190,33810497,Posted: 26 July,all,adyian,"I´m big fan of S.T.A.L.K.E.R trilogy and i love this type of games. S.T.A.L.K.E.R, Metro 2033 and Metro Last light are the best atmospheric games of all time. This game is like S.T.A.L.K.E.R and DayZ without zombies. Even graphics looks like in S.T.A.L.K.E.R :DPros:-Runs well : This game runs very good. No fps drops , no laggs.-Animations : This game has animations on everything - eating , drink, checking ammo, better climbing on laddder has better animation than on DayZ , swimming animation, healing animation, pick up animation etc.-Factions: There are 4 factions: Looters,Civilians,Traitors and Neutrals.Looters are bad guys they killing everyone expect their own. Civilians are good players they do not killing neutrals, they helping each other .It´s not like DayZ.In DayZ are everyone against everyone you can not trust someone in that game...-Servers: I have 50 - 70 ping on European servers better than ubisoft potato servers.-Hitbox: This game have better hitbox than  cs:go.-Weapons and ammo: This game have large arsenal of weapons and types of ammo and it´s very good balanced. Nice !-NPCs :NPCs can kill you easily. They are very accurate they can hit you from far distance. But they have best loot , if you kill two of them you can have from them best gear :D . That´s why they are so hard to beat.-Quests: This game have quests :D Nice !Negatives:-Map it´s not that big but they add more maps-Only 24 player servers-So many full servers-Some bugs , not like in DayZ :DThat´s all :)9/10Worth it !"
76561198027534723,Recommended,519190,33742985,Posted: 23 July,all,Mashpotata23,"UPDATED: Following large fixes/patch from devs and more hours with the game.There's the potiential here for a really interesting game. This is the first time I've decided to write a review because I can see there isn't too much information in other reviews and quite a lot of mixed feedback.After crucial fixes were implemented, the game is a lot more playable. I experienced far less glitches and issues. That isn't to say that they're not still there but I found I had less issues overall, particularly in terms of 'severe' bugs. The camera is still a bit wonky at times and the aiming is clunky, so yeah, it's still very much an early access experience, but kudos to the devs for being so proactive so far!Now I've had more time with the game I'll explain its concept in more detail:You start off with nothing. Just a vest and underwear. If you do nothing, your character is in danger of freezing, starving, dying of thirst or disease. The initial missions I've experienced extended to simple errand running - go here, collect this or go here, kill this. However, at the same time you are collecting items that will enable you to discover further - food, clothing, medicine, water etc.. Once you have these, you can adventure out instead of just doing the missions. Finding new gear is pretty cool. Items are generally quite sparse, which again adds to the survival side of the game and it makes things more exciting if you do come across a lot of loot or a neat new weapon.That said, whenever you die, in any mode, you will lose everything that you haven't placed in safe storage. This is quite punishing and it's easy to see how it would frustrate people, especially if you are unable to get back to where you died and reclaim your items (note to devs: a marker to indicate where this is would be handy). I have spent some time exploring and stocking up items in storage, so that when I die, I have basics such as clothes.Notably, there is a skill tree that I haven't had much experience with yet but I levelled-up my physical skill by running to an objective for awhile. so I know this is an active feature currently.There's a lot of Russian langauge in the settings/menus. The dialogue from character's is in Russian - although quests appear in English text boxes. The amount of English speakers on the game has increased now and there have been at least a couple on each server I've played on recently. Again, there's the potiential for an interesting community and I'm keen to see how that develops. So far my experience has been quite positive, with people willing to answer questions and even help me on missions. Although there are campers and the usual annoyances from some.Now that I've spent more time with the game, I'm having a bit of a hard time finding things to do. The map is quite small and sparse, with each of towns pretty much identical and not much to look at in between them. I went to the factory area with high hopes of loot, only to find huge floors entirely empty. There is also only a very limited amount of missions right now. This is the biggest cause for concern right now as I wonder how the devs will balance the survival element of keeping loot difficult to find, whilst populating the map with more points of interest.Once more of the creases are ironed out, it isn't difficult to see how this could be a good game. I like the environment and feel of it. It's quite difficult to survive, which sometimes isn't the case in other survival games. Hopefully it'll become easier or clearer to tell which faction a player belongs to in the future, as I'm personally quite passive in my actions towards other players and would try and steer clear of danger. Especially given the risks of losing all my items.As I said before update, the devs seem very active, so I'm going to cross my fingers and have some faith that they are working on things and that they'll be continued improvement, even within the next couple of weeks. I'd recommend picking this one up for the current low price if you're curious and seeing where it goes."
,Recommended,519190,34792920,Posted: 7 September,all,Diyaz|Pvpro.com,good game but neeed to develop this more..its being a while there is no updates and the game is half dead.They need to work hard on this game and bring new updates weekly because i think this might be a awesome game.
76561197984240645,Recommended,519190,34229544,Posted: 13 August,all,Aquanaut,"How about a tiny studio and less than 10 bucks , can make an already so much better and complete experience than DayZ ...So fun  that  didn't notice 7 hours  clocked easyReal ""Stalker"" atmosphere  in a fully featured survival PVP/PVE title."
76561198154552283,Recommended,519190,34428561,Posted: 22 August,all,Intel Graphics,Me and my friend said we would play it for an hour refund it and decide if we liked it and ended up playing for 7 hours straight. Really fun game if you team up with other players in the world.
76561198172576925,Recommended,519190,33721134,Posted: 22 July,all,WeebLord_69_420_666,"When I bought this game I thought it was going to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ rip-off survival game. When I had loaded the game up I started a singleplayer world to see what It was like. It started off pretty basic; you have your first quest that teach you how to hunt and scavenge. Eventually after you complete a couple of quests you get to choose a faction; ethier looter or civillian. Factions are basically your 'Team' and each have different quests and goals.The Gameplay is focused around looting, hunting, fighting off sickness, combat and completing quests that are usually rewarding.The looting aspect is pretty simple: Civiallian houses have food, household tools, and the ocasional pistolHospitals have medical supplies, Military places have the best loot, Radioactive areas normally have pretty good loot as well like grenades and assault rifles.Hunting is simple but still needs tweaking. I have found that bears tend to spawn more than wolfs and bears can 2 hit you and have a crazy amount of health and are impossible to take on untill you have a hunting rifle or assault rifle.I havent experienced the sickness system enough to review it. I did get a cold thoguh and its a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you dont have decent clothes or medicine by night-time, you have to wait at a campfire to not get a cold, and colds are pretty deadly in this game.Combat is pretty good, most people wont shoot you unless you have your gun out (as I found out the hard way). Early game when you only have a makeshift rifle its probably best to avoid enemies (you cant really avoid NPCs because they will shoot you no matter what (if your're an enemy)). KOS is rare unless the opposing faction thinks your a threat.Quests are pretty simple and rewarding, at the start you have some basic quests and then you have to start scavaging places to get equipment to go into dangerous areas.Dont get put off by the russian interface or the graphics and optimization, Days Gone is a great game and is even better in a group with friends but is designed to also be playable solo.I hope you found this review helpful, keep in mind that my review is from my personal experiences in the game so it may not be %100 accurate in some parts. Also this game only came out 2 days ago (from when i'm writing this) and it is in early access so its not perfect."
76561198277595010,Recommended,519190,33687680,Posted: 20 July,all,Nero,Found shovelWalked into townSaw guy with adidas pants while I was freezing to deathKilled with shovelGot yelled atTook pantslooked like cheeki breeki mafia member with adidas sweats.Got shot at by NPC yelling in Russian.Mauled by a bear.Murdered with shovel.10/10
,Recommended,519190,34050366,Posted: 5 August,all,youtube.com/djblyatman,There are only two things this game needs: HARDBASS and MUTANTS.THE GAME IS PERFECT! LOVELY STALKER FEELS
,Recommended,519190,33883374,Posted: 29 July,all,Sergeant Ted Baker ✅,amazing game but wish the singleplayer was offline :(
,Recommended,519190,34318406,Posted: 17 August,all,Clutch,"-----------------------UPDATE: I felt a need to update my review because I noticed that recent reviews have been ""mixed"". While I do respect these viewpoints, I do want to point out how enjoyable this game has been for me as well as 12 others I play with regularly. I am a bit surprised at the mixed reviews, considering how much ahead of it's time this game really is - considering how riddled with bugs early access games usually are. I mean, this game is $10 with a very solid base game in early access, and they are already coming out with an update this month with new weapons, items and a new area on the map - not to mention new quests as well. This game is excellent and shows a lot of promise for even more growth in the future. Also, I have met some really cool players on here who are willing to share their gear and help other players with questing. I originally posted this review when I was less than 30 hours in. Now I have 70 hours under my belt and still going. That should tell you a lot about the game.-----------------------Do you want an early access game for $10, that has way more content than other more expensive early access games? Well this is it, folks. Don't be fooled by the price of this game - it has quite a bit of content and they plan on expanding even more.The game is also NOT plagued by obscene glitches like in DayZ - and if you're like me, you've been frustrated by the lack of development in DayZ and the overall development cycle. This game has more content than DayZ and is earlier in development (and cheaper). Also, it has both PVP and PVE modes - which I find to be highly beneficial. I prefer PVE, performing quests, and working with other players. I have had some of my best online experiences working with others in this game. In one of my first sessions, a veteran player took me under his wing and showed me the ropes. I've been paying it forward as much as I can.There is plenty of gear and loot to be had (many different weapons and types, as well as armor, ghillie suits, etc.) There are rudimentary vehicles so far (cars) that work well and are not bogged down by glitches (need I bring up DayZ again?). Sure, the map is smaller than other games but that just means there is more opportunity for confrontation/working with other players. I am not sure if they plan to expand the map but I am thinking they probably will in the future.I only have one complaint, and I am sure they will be working on it - at the time of this writing, the AI has incredible aim, at times unrealistic. It has been frustrating intermittently for me, not enough to keep me from playing the game of course. On the bright side, it forces you to use cover extremely well and to be careful.I highly recommend this game. I think these developers need more of our support - these guys did a fantastic job and are charging a very low price for a truly outstanding game. I am 26 hours in at the time of this writing and plan to continue playing... See you in Berezki..."
,Recommended,519190,34195582,Posted: 12 August,all,[DCG] Wulf,"I'll put it this way... for $9.99, its well worth the fun you can get out of it. You can tell that S.T.A.L.K.E.R was the theme when they were developing this game, which is a plus for me. I enjoy the atmosphere, which can actually look pretty decent. The quests are pretty pointless tbh, so I suggest just looting and avoiding trouble at first.Pros- Cheap- Entertaining- Good survival elements- Decent variety of firearms and weapons- Map isn't huge, but is decent size for PVP- Faction systemCons- 3rd person only for aiming (they plan on fixing)- the controls can become clunky when moving under fire- the camera auto-switches shoulders, which can become a problem when in contact- starting point sets up new players for failure (lots of camping)Overall, this game feels like a better polished Arma 2 DayZ Mod, without the zombies. The looting is solid, and having a storage system removes the base building option, which is good for this game."
76561198000402607,Recommended,519190,34978670,Posted: 15 September,all,TheAcu,"Don´t let the Price Tag fool you; this is a very fun game and the Devs are hard at work.If you enjoyed S.T.A.L.K.E.R and DayZ, this game is a no-brainer, even if you want to play it in single player mode.If you have an old computer, this game will probably run; im running it at 60+fps in an 7 year old pc.(AMD phenom II x6 1090T 3.2GHz, 8 gigs ram, Geforce GTX480)"
76561198081534025,Recommended,519190,33679474,Posted: 20 July,all,xoxasmarley,"You feel like an illegal alien in Russia, everyone is speaking Russian is incredible crazy, I gotta kill them all.About the game, it's a good survival game with a lot to do, quest's, faction's, it seems kind hardcore too. For now it's totally worth the money.  If you played old stalker games, this game reminds me of it."
,Recommended,519190,33910992,Posted: 30 July,all,this is not Lydz,"So here it is.. Yes! it took me 42 hrs to finally make this review :) The game itself is pretty neat. I don't have problems at all. I love the Quest on both faction that's a + for this game. The bear and the wolf? They surprise me! ^^ I like the toxic thingy it's random and can make you get upset... Loot are distributed well, not too many and also not too few. Night and Day Cycle are equal.. you'll have your taste of the light and taste of the dark... So yeah i love the game... I can chill while shooting some NPC's and panic to see some bear...I would like to address the Dev, I hope they will fix the searching for servers.. like I play with my friends and if I say Room 174 there are still 5 slots but the moment they found it, it's already full cause they have to browse down... down... down... -_- and only God knows how long was it for them to find the exact server :(Another thing, it will be very awesome if the Map will be a bit bigger.That's all.. So far i'm giving this game a thumb's up.. Good game and Cheap!"
,Recommended,519190,33813722,Posted: 26 July,all,Hunter,"Skip to the bottom for PROS and CONSIn the five hours i have put into this game i have to say it is one of my favorite survival games of all time.The game is quite simple and easy-ish to learn (i'll explain what i mean by that)The game is set in what seems to me post-apoc Russia. It starts you of in a nuetral safezone where you will get your basic quests to give you loot and some of the ingame currency. You don't really get an intro to the controls it kinda just throws you in the water and expects you to swim. Some of the starting missions might even prove difficult for a beginner survivor. The game has four different modes, Singleplayer, PVE (No Combat between players, only AI), 'Main' also know as PVP, and 'Last Survivor"" which i have yet to try. The games map is decent size for the games age but it is small. Yet the Devs have already released screenshots of another map that looks very promising. The NPC's are fun and somewhat interactive and combat is not to easy but not to hard either. If i could say anything about NPC's that needs to be fixed is that the spawns need to happen so the player can't see the NPC's spawn. Next Day also has a faction system which is quiet fun but could be expanded, You choose between 'Civilian' or 'Looter' which neither really have their advantages but its fun to be in a group. I also love the health/hunger system in this game and how balanced it is, in its current state i do not feel like it could be better. I'm so excited to see where this game will go with such a promising development team.Pros-Great Development Team. (Tons to Come)-Fun map-none repetitive gameplay-Large selection of melee weapons and firearms-Different factions and gamemodesCons-No true tutorial and begining missions can prove difficult-NPC Spawns could be fixed-Bear could be nerfed a bit-No first person (Yet)-Small ish map (Another one coming soon though..)"
,Recommended,519190,34175316,Posted: 11 August,all,USN 7th BB Division | Iowa,Ah nu cheeki breeki iv damke
76561198180698663,Recommended,519190,34282191,Posted: 16 August,all,megadarkk,Worth buying. Fun game..feels like a mix between dayz and S.t.A.l.k.e.r
76561198112981059,Recommended,519190,33670383,Posted: 20 July,all,choglit,"Ok, so if you want to play a single player Dayz type game then give it a try. The game runs fine and looks ok but i cant change my key bindings so i hope they fix that and i hope they continue to make the game better.Its a MP AND SP game so you can play with your mates or alone which is nice and the price is fair."
,Recommended,519190,33781852,Posted: 25 July,all,ttop1969,"Nice game.  I expected way less than this game already delivers.  I really enjoy the survival, gun play, and questing.  I'm not so much of a fan of the way you can quickly flip flop around factions early on.This game has a great crafting system and tons of future potential with that.  Can't wait to see where it's at in a few months from now.I recommend this game, just don't expect much in the form of documentation.  Much of the early experience is going to be learning as you go."
76561197970632184,Recommended,519190,33791241,Posted: 25 July,all,AMDTroll,"What I like:1. Stalker and Dayz vibes, minus the zombies/infected aspect2. Faction team play, play as either neutral, looter (bad), civilian (good), or traitor3. Quests4. Tons of different gear5. Decent system performance, hardware and network wise, and I'm running 75fps vsync 90% of the time6. Dynamic events like toxic zones or humanitarian aid drops7. Wildlife ai/Human ai that is decent enough to pose a problem8. Vehicles with a fixing up mechanic, an APC or how about a tank..or a car9. Appears to have 21:9 support in some aspect as I play at 2560x1080 and it worked out of the box (dev said in steam discussion post it doesn't work, but it does for me)Neutral:1. Map size (subject to change)2. Player max count is currently @ 24, (subject to change as well I'm sure)3. I'm coming across a good bit of stuff in game that isn't implemented yet, (subject to change)4. Early AccessDon't care for:1. Graphics settings in Russian, come on man :) ...it's easy enough to figure out though all things being said2. Can't currently rebind keysEarly Access, things are subject to change so I can only base my opinion on my first few days in this game world. What I played was very enjoyable and I will keep playing as long as I can see this game being updated and having a future. Its off to a great start so please devs stay on it and keep us involved. I honestly had more fun than my first week in Dayz or H1Z1 so there's that. I got it for 8 bucks, so far so good! I recommend it!!!---Played on an AMD R7 1700 @ 3.7GHZ with an AMD R9 Fury---"
,Recommended,519190,34189804,Posted: 12 August,all,HavocxPro,"R U S S K I EIts what DayZ wanted to be but couldn't reach, A really great game from the start and they are updating it and fixing stuff frequently, Worth buying."
,Recommended,519190,33900237,Posted: 30 July,all,Mogar328,For $10 this game is a steal.
,Recommended,519190,33896043,Posted: 29 July,all,Sparky,"I love the feel of this game. This game has potential if the creators stay with it. ,its an early access game but from what ive played of it,its worth the money"
,Recommended,519190,34031173,Posted: 4 August,all,Shred,"Spawned. Died. Re-spawned, died. Spawned again, headed towards the next town to gather items for a quest and was followed by some guy. He told me and my friend that he was friendly and would help us. Naturally I knew I was gonna die because Ive played a lot of Rust but I humoured him. We walked a while and saw another player. He said that it was his friend and he was friendly. His friend told us that there were wolves nearby. So we started going towards said wolves. The dudes buddy yelled ""over there! A wolf!"" I knew this was the end. There was no wolf, just a trick. They shot me and my friend and took ou pants. This is a great game."
76561198035233526,Recommended,519190,34447249,Posted: 23 August,all,Gentleman Wearing Old Spice,"For $10 this game is definitely worth checking out. For a game in the Early Access stage, it is already more complete and polished than some ""finished"" games of the same genre. Next Day has a lot of potential and the developers do update it frequently while also listening to suggestions from players. Overall, no regrets supporting the game and the developers.  With some optimization and adjustments Next Day could be an excellent game."
,Recommended,519190,33757199,Posted: 23 July,all,Deacon [LN],"Purely amazing with a Stalker/Metro vibe, the animations should put DayZ devs to shame!"
,Recommended,519190,33760409,Posted: 24 July,all,JAPSINTHETREES,"Good Combat, Good Animations, Multiplayer, and LOTS of future potential for an amazing game. Already a better game than Day Z Standalone/H1Z1 Just Survive/And Pretty Much Every Early Access Game I've played. Very Impressive for an Early Access Game."
76561198006155237,Recommended,519190,33727944,Posted: 22 July,all,krazyyoN.,"If u like S.T.A.L.K.E.R. u will like this game aswell.Just a couple of days old, but it seems to be very complex. Quests, lovely landscapes, looting, crafting, guns, factions.Play it alone, or with some friends. Makes fun either way.Let's see what the devs have in store for us in the future.Some things i would like to see very soon:-Key Customization-cancel option for eating etc-loading time for menu and storage (fixed)For more Information, everybody should take a look into the FAQ at the Discussions Page."
,Recommended,519190,33686506,Posted: 20 July,all,Ninja,"Great game, really fun for the first day of release.As most of this genre do, it suffers from the same flaw.It attracts the lowest of the low.The scummiest most neckbeared griefers of them all.Whats more fun than exploring and seeing the quests and looting first day? Camping outside the starting zone safe house and killing everyone who runs in that direction.Sad, its a nice game too. Maybe they will start banning them.Oh well, was sure nice losing all the stuff I found before I even knew what was about to happen...edit*** you can change server size. 10/10 feature. Go to about 6-10 people you will see them often but lower odds to get an♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I still recommend the game though, I wouldnt thumbs down because of a♥♥♥♥♥♥community.The Devs did a great job."
,Recommended,519190,33727723,Posted: 22 July,all,Mike Zwo ง℘4ཞ´ʂƙƙ18ʝ,"The best surival game right now, there just is no single survival game better right now."
,Not Recommended,519190,35147864,Posted: 23 September,all,Bucky Lane,"I want to recommend this game but I can't.Here are my reasons:1.) Spawn camping/exploiting2.) Hackers galore3.) Under a hundred players in my region(it's buggy as hell too, but it's Alpha so I'll give it a pass)This game had potential and was excellent for the price when it came out, but it's ruined by hackers and people who team up to camp spawn zones. You can't just join a random server and play with people anymore or you're insta-killed/camped. Makes a potentially wonderful game unejoyable to me. Save your money and play something with a more active and less pathetic payer base."
,Recommended,519190,33896372,Posted: 29 July,all,Skqueem,Its pretty alright but visibilty and AI is BS I hate AI shooting through the sprite like bushes and killing me. Would reccomend even in its EA stage its a bunch of fun. Hope to see bug fixes and content in the future. Its missing a bunch of basic gameplay requirements needed like shoulder switching and firstperson. Without shoulder switching peaking corners is a mix match based on which side your on most npcs and players will see you clearly before you even see their arm. Still a pretty good game aslong as they keep updating and listen to feedback.
,Recommended,519190,33754468,Posted: 23 July,all,CyborgMonkey,"I dont really post reviews about games that I have played, but I have to say this about Next Day.This game is one of the most complete survival games out there and in early access and is under 10$!!Like excuse me, there is already a group system, loot system, voice chat, inventory and storage system, AI and decent combat. All for under 10$.There is a lot of stuff to be worked on, dont get me wrong but for under 10$ I would gladly pay this for what it is.10/10"
,Recommended,519190,34599792,Posted: 30 August,all,AvaloN Δ #GLHF,"Fun for what it's worth, but it's pretty broken.You can get spawn camped, farmed by players who abuse traitor system, aimbotted by A.I, get bored because there are no events that encourage PvP besides airdrops that happen every few hours or so. PvE gets boring after a while, and it's still lacking a lot of content when it comes to quests, maps, descriptions of items/weapons/ammo.The 90 minute traitor punishment is ridiculous and makes PvPing boring. Not enough pros to become a civillian, so there's a lack of civvies, and an abundance of looters; making PvP extremely hard to get.On the topic of PvP, the aimcone/cone of fire on automatic weapons such as the AK, M4, etc are ridiculous, you are forced to tap extremely slowly or just completely switch into PvPing with sniper rifles which have 1 shot headshot potential and better accuracy. (basically a sniper fest)Buy it if you want to have fun with friends for a bit, it's worth for what it is."
,Recommended,519190,34135714,Posted: 9 August,all,Owen153,"Pleasantly surprising title that suits my gaming style. Often not wishing to interact with 'people' online the single player option is welcome and not too much different to the main and pve server options, just removes other players. :)Have to say that the community is also surprisingly good natured and mostly mature/intelligent. Have to stress""mostly""since there is issues on heavily populated pvp servers, with a minor factor on some pve servers, with spawn/team killing & general asshatery. Not seen more than a few instances of this personally though.What I have found are plenty of players willing and happy to group in order to explore some of the more difficult and interesting areas, like bunkers and military bases, and so often do I find myself in a mixed Faction 'team' of Looters, Civilians and Traitors, all just wanting to play the game. Not kill on sight and destroy everything.Graphically the game is nice, nothing too polished and I get the feel that was on purpose. It suits the game's premise of post-apocalypse Eastern Europe.Early Access, self explanatory. Updates & optimisation to come. I expect that as long as the devs continue to updates and bug fix the game will continue to improve and set standards in the already over populated survival genre. They do engage the player base and have already seen updates since release to fix bugs.Overall a solid 8/10 (love the up-armoured cargo truck!)"
,Recommended,519190,33808149,Posted: 26 July,all,Love,You thought dying to hypothermia in Dayz was bad. Have fun getting a cold in this game.
,Recommended,519190,35047937,Posted: 18 September,all,dragonkhan13,"This game has nice potential with the basics of it already being there and me and a friend played it 5 hours nonstop after purchase and we are pretty content with it, all it needs is some updates and fine-tuning.Let me make a pros and cons list of what I have done and experienced in these 11 hours.Pros:- Very simple to pick up and doesn't require a long period of looting to get into action (Unlike DayZ for example)- The base of the game is already there, while it's not perfect, you are indeed getting a fully working game with solid mechanics which is good for an early access game.- Storage system like in Escape from Tarkov where you can store items that you don't lose when dying so you can keep hoarding weapons and it's not the end of the world if you lose one.- Already has working vehicles, they are hard to find though.Cons:- Enemy AI feels like they are using aimbot and are in some areas super hard to kill.- Enemy AI at camps and lookouts also keep respawning too fast when trying to clear the area (You might get a new wave before finishing off the previous one and you can never reach that house/camp/helicopter crash).- Magazine cost for sniper rifles is a little steep (2450 credits for a 10 bullet magazine for SVD & Vintorez)- Also the re-sell value of weaponry feels a bit off since a gun that cost 10K credits sells for only like 1.5K credits back."
,Recommended,519190,34053387,Posted: 5 August,all,smokingbird,"I'd like to start this review of Next Day: Survival, out with a positive note. (For anybody who might want cons, go to paragraph 3)The game is fun, extremely fun. For a general idea of the give of what the game is like, imagine DayZ (if you haven't played it, you'll still get it). It has the sense where running places can be a tedious task, but unlike DayZ, the map of Next Day is incredibly compact. Because of its small yet large area, it is then possible to get from one town to the next, within minutes (along with that you spawn with a map of the entire area and a watch, so you know where you are). Also unlike DayZ, every time you loot a house, it often fills up half your inventory with ESSENTIALS. Such as food, water, clothing, backpacks, etc. Along with that guns are often to be found too, rarely will you ever loot an entire town, and not pick up a single gun. Guns range from a pistol (of♥♥♥♥♥♥tier) to ""holy ♥♥♥♥, i found a badass gun!""... The good guns are often found in a toxic zone, where you need a hazmat suit and a gas mask (both of which are given in the very first quests of the game). To go along with finding a nice gun, surprise you don't have to worry about rejoining that server only for it! Like in DayZ, loot transfers from one server to another. PVE - PVE servers,  and PVP - PVP servers. ALSO, at each friendly camp site, there is a storage guy. He carries virtually everything you could give him, and you can also buy/sell stuff from him. They added virtual currency as to where you can buy guns, medical items, ammos etc. (Quick side note, servers are both PVP, and PVE. You can choose which one you want to join... along with that, they are going to add a gamemode called ""Last Survivor"" soon. It is a lot like The Culling and Player Unknown Battle Grounds had a baby... gas moves in and you find guns and kill one another yada yada).Not only that, but Next Day: Survival has a story line that, though lacks actual sort of audio quality/AI assistance, it is absolutely not needed. The story line / quests are but a cherry on top for this game. You start out in a ""Neutral"" Zone, where you will do about 5 quick quests for characters in the neutral camp, and be rewarded. Once completing these, you can choose the Civilian tribe, or Looter tribe. Depending on which tribe you choose, it will depict what your missions will be like (Like skyrim where you could choose 2 different kingdoms and that'd affect what your story would be). These missions are tough though, and all the camps give you is a pistol, but with  each enemy you kill they drop an assault rifle, and rewards from doing quests often give an AK or some form of AR.However, after this long and boring review you're reading, this game has some MAJOR  and INFURIATING flaws.NPC/AI that are enemy are ♥♥♥♥ING, RIDICULOUS. They will NEVER miss there shot while spraying... and they have infinite bullets until killed. While a real person will spray with example an AK, only I'd say 1/6 shots will hit an npc, and it takes about 7-15 shots to kill an NPC.  Where as that NPC will spot you from a mile away, spray you from over 100 meters and not miss a single shot. If missions include killing a bunch of NPC, you best get a ♥♥♥♥ load of friends to help you do the mission because you're not doing that♥♥♥♥♥♥alone. Cars are also very scarce, as I made the point above, the map yet small and compact the servers often get deleted/moved. Like in DayZ as i said above, a smart thing they added here is loot transfers from PVE - PVE servers, and PVP - PVP servers, but not cars. It will get laborious and frustrating running, and random NPC can be walking around too and gun you down from who knows where. Another flaw, once you interact in doing something (eating, drinking, reloading, etc.) you can not cancel it. I have had 3 instances where I was drinking from a well, and a wolf/bear came up to me, ate my bootyhole, and I couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about it and died. On that note, bears as well can sense you from a mile away and those ♥♥♥♥ers are HARD to kill... wolfs dont do too much damage, and are easy to kill... Bears 3 shot if you have a god damn bulletproof vest on with military grade pants on too. One time to kill one, I had to use a pump shotgun with 4 shots to the head, a double barrell 2 shots to the head, and a pistol 5 times to the head to kill it. T H E Y ' R E  H A R D  T O  K I L L . However all stuff is possible to be retrieved, and if you have a gun in storage you can easily go back to the bear and finish the job and get your♥♥♥♥♥♥ you just gotta also run back there.All in all though, the game IS in early access, and has so much potential to be a fabulous game. Hell, it already is a fabulous game, it justs needs its tweaks (as does every game). I have full faith that if this is the first draft of the game, who knows what draft 2nd, 3rd and 4th will be like.I would rate the gameVisuals: 8/10Audio: 6.5/10Story Line: 8/10Gameplay: 9.5/10♥♥♥♥ING NPC: 2/10Mechanics (Cars): 4/10 (Driving cars/getting them to actually work because you need to put parts in them to work)Mechanics (Character): 8/10 (Everything runs nice, they just need an autorun button ffs)"
,Recommended,519190,33889368,Posted: 29 July,all,Sᴏᴛɴᴏᴏsᴇ,"Hello everyone! I'm sure you're looking at this review to get another opinion about if this game is worth buying or not. Well, I've got news for you. It IS. Being a Fan of DayZ/Stalker games I think that Next Day is a game with great potential, really fun to play with friends. It has the RPG aspect (And I'm sure it can have even more than that), it's an Arcade-Fast Paced game which is awesome because its really active and interesting and if you like games like Infestation the New Z or battle royale this game is for you. It doesnt have base building. (Yet or that I know of) but it has actual safe zones with storages to store your loot. That's all you actually need, PVP/COOP/Loot is just what you want in such games. It's a really good game and it was certainly worth the cash. In fact, I dont understand why people make Negative reviews since its a game that came out literally 9 days ago. But whatever.The only disadvantages this game has is : That they really need to improve the Game's menu and Server choosing system, they need to optimize it a bit better (You get quite a few lag spikes during gameplay) and that it has quite a lot of bugs.I'm sure they'll eventually fix it in the future. This game has so much potential I spend infinite hours on it with my friends everyday. Hope to see more updates and content.- Sotnoose"
76561197967203702,Recommended,519190,33717537,Posted: 22 July,all,spike30001,"I am a masssive Early Access fan and have loads of them some very good and some not so and some that started not very good but a great idea that went on to be fantastic. Next Day on its first week is in my opinion good and yes it may have some bugs and things that can be improved but that's why we are here so support and give feedback of which direction we want the game to go in the future. I love survival  and even though I mostly Pve I don't mind some pvp. This combines them very well and I have had great fun so far and met some friendly players. The game for me runs excellent on high but this will depend on your pc not that mine is that new I am on a Amd 8350  but do have a  beafy Gpu and 32gb memory keeping it mostly above 50fps average 60. Graphics in game are  maybe dated to some modern games but work perfectly for me and I think alot of detail has been put in. The map is big enough not too big like DayZ. There are different game mode if you don't like pvp at all so don't be put off. If you have ever played Infestation or as it was later called WarZ you will take to this game easily as it does resemble the style for me. I think even at full price this game is a steal for what you get back from it. Yes there will be spawn hoggers getting kos and you will get maybe cheaters but whats new, isn't this in all the games look at The Division I have over 500 hrs and still they have not got this game right for me. So I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this game as superb value for money, great game play and so far a good community but do expect angry pvp players wanting you loot its pvp after all. See you in game."
76561198015052188,Recommended,519190,34794836,Posted: 7 September,all,[QS]HamsterBiggs,"Ok I like the game me and a friend are having fun with it. It's not perfect by a long chalk can't kill a wolf close up with an SVD sniper but hey I had another gun that did the trick, we only play on the pve server at the mo so can't comment on pvp camping but its fun finding a vehicle suupping it up and driving around finishing missions and looting the bejesus outta the towns. We are casual gamers with years of MMO experience. Looking forward to the September update (really need to be able to stop flaying a wolf when it's mate wants to eat you lolzHard at times, never fair AI NPC'S are super human but fun ne'thelessLearn its intricacies and have a blast, friends and groups recommended for multimobs"
,Recommended,519190,35036455,Posted: 17 September,all,Shalltear Bloodfallen,Russian Looting Simulator 2l17
76561198119405777,Recommended,519190,33679482,Posted: 20 July,all,Volteran,Cheeki Breeki
,Recommended,519190,33779450,Posted: 24 July,all,XENU,"I feel like in Stalker, but with COOP. Fantastic job from the devs, please keep updating and brining in new mechanics, items, npcs!10/10 until now"
,Recommended,519190,34191403,Posted: 12 August,all,xxk1ng0fh3artzxx,"Hands down a great gameThere are minor nuances that cause pause - more apparent in practical areas rather than generally.Few examples:*Updated*Swapping backpacks requires you to individually drop each item, including the backpack you're wearing, to equip the new one. This is time consuming, especially if you've found the backpack while looting.It has been brought to my attention that the backpack mechanism is alot simpler than I previously described. +.025Switching fire rates gives no indication of which firing mode you're currently on, meaning that after switching your fire-rate, you'll have to pop a shot or two to determine if it's on auto or single...which is a hinderance seeing as ammo is scarce and extremely expensive.When on a quest, dying and respawning fails your quest. You're then unable to pick that quest back up for the life of the time you remain in that server UNLESS you exit and rejoin. Even then, you're only able to receive the most recent quest specific item...i.e...Gaseous Anti-Toxin Retrieval Mission only gives you the MASK to do the mission, not the suit, which makes it impossible to complete.No ADS model (except for scoped weapons) means you're aiming like PUBG's 3PS sights...except that there's a ton of micro-swaying with no option to stablize weapon or hold breath. However, NPC's - when aggro'd - will unload their whole clip, on automatic fire rate, and never miss a shot.The first 3 quests are beginner friendly; every mission after that throws you into the wild without warning. Once you get to the ""medical supply run"" quest, keep your head on a swivel and be safe because enemy PVP'ers are usually waiting for you. However, it'd be great if the people who give you those quests either inform you that you're being thrown into the wild (and will lose all of your gear if you die) or provide a way for you to regain all the gear that you lost up to that point. Alternatively, it'd be great if the devs either expanded the save zone or strictly provided beginner friendly quests within the safe zone.The game lacks cover and cover mechanics. If you suspect an enemy is hiding in a bush, all you have to do is aim at the bush to determine whether they're enemy or friend. This makes ambushing and otherwise stealthy gameplay limited. Minor nuance, but definitively cheesy. Additionally, the player list gives player information based on who in the server is friend, foe, or neutral - which pretty much knocks the ""caution"" factor down a notch. I'd like to see a system where you either have to wave, point, or flip off a target just to get their information.I'm sure I missed more, but these are pretty much the defining issues with the game so far. They are in no way game-breaking, but the frustration that it may impose on beginners who lose playing time due to having to leave/rejoin or scavenging and looting your way back to quest-ready form if you die is something that needs to be addressed. However, the game does offer a pretty hardcore, adaptabilty-based environment.All in all, this game is what ""The Division"" should've done; seemless integration of core gameplay into a PVP-based environment where adaptability and tactical gameplay promotes a more absorbing environment.The game's current statewith the issues mentioned above, I would definitely give it a 7/10.If I were to suggest a Buy/Wait/Forget:It's in alpha, costs $9.99, and has a lot to do. Keeping in mind the current issues listed above when making your decision, I would recommend buying the game if you're a survival game fan along the likes of PUBG, Ark, and The Division combined. You'll easily spend 3-4 hours learning the ropes, 2-3 hours looting gear and upgrading your skill tree, and probably another solid 2-3 hours developing new strategies on how to deal with enemy factions, cooking, puking, coughing, suffering from hypothermia, etc..."
,Recommended,519190,33843003,Posted: 27 July,all,Rithium+,"The game is really solid for $10 (or $7.49 if you bought it on sale like me) and being out for about a week. It has a really solid base that can be built upon to turn this into a really great survival. However, there are some major problems that needs fixing right away before I can fully recommend the game. I will start off with the problems and cons then I will go into what is good about the game.Some oversights and problems:-You start off without any clothes and can easily get hypothermia if it is night-The AI aimbot needs to be toned down a bit. AI with the semi-auto snipers will fire with high accuracy at high firerate. I also noticed that AI always know where you are after they are alerted to your position. They were shooting at me through trees and windows.-Fried meat is the most broken food in the game providing 100 nutrients and some water. It makes hunger trivial since it is so easy to get from shops and the wildlife-Shop prices are very unbalanced and some items make no sense like you can buy raw meat for 4x cheaper than fried meat and cook it-Guns also feel inconsistent, for example it took me ~10 AKMS rounds to kill a Military NPC but it took me 21 AKMS rounds to kill a traitor who had a pistol-The server browser is really bad, you have to scroll through and find the server your friend is playing in. There is also no filters for what kind of servers you want to join-You can not talk to the quest giver if there is someone else talking to him, I have been in an instance where I had to wait until 5 others were done talking to him-The game teaches you the basics but you have to learn all the other mechanics by yourself. Things like skills, object use, and cars.-Game is only third person so your camera can clip through ceilings-Exploits I have found that can get you gear very easily, extremely game breakingThe positives about the game:-The game runs really well for me, I do have a GTX 1080 however so I can not speak for lower end players-If you have played S.T.A.L.K.E.R then you will be familiar with the atmosphere. Think of it as the multiplayer version of S.T.A.L.K.E.R.-Has your typical survival needs like hunger, thirst, heat, and diseases-Decent sized map that has much to explore-The reputation system is neat and determines what faction you are apart of. Negative rep from killing civilians puts you as a Looter (Like a KOS person). Positive rep from killing looters puts you as civilian. Traitors are people who killed someone from their own faction (You will go back to whatever faction your rep is at after a while). Neutral is someone who has 0 rep-The looting is really rewarding if you spend your time in it, you won't feel like you wasted your time-The gunplay feels nice and is kinda fun (when it works)-Good skill system for your character-The quests are a nice addition although need to be balancedtl;dr : The game has many bugs that are evident in early access games but it has a really good foundation that can make this a really good game in the future. It is very much playable and you have time to decide if you want to steam refundIf you have hope that the game can be fixed and you want a survival to play with friends, then I can safely recommend this game since it is fairly cheap."
76561197971067349,Recommended,519190,33789237,Posted: 25 July,all,Poutine,"I'll start off by saying that I'm not one to normally go for Early Access games. With this one, for some reason, I decided to take the leap. I do not regret this at all so far. I'm just about 10 hours in and can definitely see the potential that this game has.First impression:- Zone in- Be cold- Catch a cold- Find some clothes- Do some quests- Keel over and die from the coldBut seriously, once you get the hang of it and get a better idea of how things work, the game is a lot of fun. I'm enjoying running around and searching for loot. With the current state of the game, the exploration and loot hunting is the best and most polished aspect so far.The combat can feel a little clunky and I hope that it gets refined with time.There's a lot I could say about this game but the bottom line is that this game has some great potential and I've been very impressed with the dev's being vocal about their plans and changes to the game.Great work, keep it up!"
,Recommended,519190,33755228,Posted: 23 July,all,Mortem,"Let's Start with the things I consider to be Complete♥♥♥♥♥♥-Game curretnly having a big problem with russian hackers. But since dying ain't such a big deal as you gear up easy, It's not to problematic.- Graphics is pretty Mehhh I'm not normally a graphic person but this game looks ugly in many ways.- AI Are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. They got aimbot, See you through walls and keep following you through walls as you sneak around. You can sneak up on them but the moment 1 of them see you they all got Unlimited Wall hack on you and won't lose sight of you until you run really far off.- Animals Are Deathtraps for Freshspawns, Wolfs and bears both kill you easily and taking one on with a melee is pretty easy but impossible without getting wounded and bleed and infected.. And that Is Equal death quick in this game.- Gas Appears randomly in towns. And it dont give no warning its like this.. Oww a big town.. 1.2.3. Boom.. Gas 100% everywhere that kills you if you stay longer then 15 seconds in it.  I been killed by that more then once.- Becoming marked as a looter for killing Neutral people that tried to kill you. You spawn as a Neutral, If you kill a civilian or another Neutral you become a looter. If you kill a Looter you become a Civilian. Its a faction War with Red vs blue with some white in betwen. It's nice but if you get jumped by idiot neutral spawns and you win a self defense.. Hey your now a looter and get shot at by all Neutral players, Civilians and NPC civilians.- Spawns is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. There is this bases guarded by NPC but cause I been forced to become a looter now I keep spawning miles away from where the starting quests are and I die before i get back there.- Freezing.. HOLY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥! This is Annoying.. You start freezing instantly as you spawn. And standing near a fire keeps you alive from that but wow.. Like you must stand near a fire for 20 sec to get 1% of the freeze bar and it goes up like 10% in 3 min.. You spend double the time warming up. Only way to avoid this is to be lucky to spawn on a day server, Or find clothing.. You dont spawn with that. And none of the starting quests give you that.--------------------------------------------Big list of♥♥♥♥♥♥but Now to some good stuff..+ Animations, Wow everything from putting on clothing, Standing near the fire. Opening doors. Everything is pretty fluidly animated.. And feels very good.+ People die when you hit or shoot them. And dont seem to tank that much So It feels nice to PVP.+ It gives you a Super duper S.T.A.L.K.E.R Feeling in so many ways.. Inspired or not, I like it and want more of it.+ Only done 2 hours and still have so much to explore and figure out.HONESTLY Hear me out here.. HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ can people give Cred to Dayz and♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game..  Wow.. I mean Dayz showed a trailer with so much then♥♥♥♥♥♥out a half broken mess with nothing the trailer showed and charged 25$ for it. This game so far has everything Dayz promised but did not and only cost me 7$.THis game already have* Animals*Hunting* AI enemys that are dangerous.* Working cars.* Working base system.* Working Helicopters.* Working full animations showing you if you vomit, Drink, Eat, Wounded, Broken leg. You know whats going on based on your animation. Not some damm Icon.. Well you get that to but anyway.And so much more!! Give me thumbs down all you want Bad review or Just dayz fanboy but this game has so far shown me more in 1 day then dayz given me in 5 years. Standalone i mean...If you like Stalker, Want a Multiplayer Stalker that aint S-zone online..  Then give this a shot now when its on sale."
,Recommended,519190,33798975,Posted: 25 July,all,Owenad,7 pound well spent
76561198122599840,Recommended,519190,33677399,Posted: 20 July,all,Vondragon,"Just about 2 hours of gameplay but already understand the great potential of this Survival.Shakes some DayZ Standalone survival mechanics with STALKER's atmosphere and setting + third-person gameplay.Nothing innovative, however, for just under 10$ remains a title recommended to everyone and surely for fans of the Survival genre and games mentioned above, it becomes a title you not to be missed.If development proceeds well, i think it can become one of the best in its kind."
,Recommended,519190,34258479,Posted: 15 August,all,Savage,Kills Looter become traitor for 2 hours gg
,Recommended,519190,35395288,Posted: 1 October,all,Husky ❥,guess it would be fun if I could understand russian.
,Recommended,519190,34338804,Posted: 18 August,all,Catherine Is Strange,Reminds me of Dayz without the zombies.
,Recommended,519190,33952561,Posted: 1 August,all,爪 ㄚ 尺 ㄖ ㄒ 卄 卂 丂,"The trailer alone sold me here.I did not have to research much, to see what this game is about and how deticated the devs are.9€? That is a steal right there. Played for an hour and a very friendly russian guy gave me Gear,since i couldnt kill the first Enemy with a knife. 30 Minutes later, a bandit took my stuff,when I was collecting Berries. I couldnt stop the animation sadly, else i may have had a slight change to get away.The graphics are nice and detailed, the Backgroundmusic fits and i cant wait to play more of it.8/10Edit:7 hours later, i still have a blast with this game - the community is really nice when u talk in voice - ignore chat.. no hackers, no disconnects, perfect ping, 60 FPS on max settings and the graphics are really darn good for a rpg shooter 3rd person faction game at that price. the city of the civs just got raided by traitors and i am civ - so i got 2 snipers and 2 aks + other guns and loooads of gear, just by doing my duty - i did hide in the top floor in the attic because i had no gun, but a guy of us came back to the city and killed like 3 traitors, the rest of them already dead by the npcs. and he just laughed at me what a coward i am, when he noticed me coming downstairs of a house and told me to loot them for him. it was really nice - that way i could do some missions and even fixed a car up and made 3 missions with it until 2 traitors shot me at already 23% HP, since i came back from a mission. but it was so much fun and intense.9/10"
,Recommended,519190,33931601,Posted: 31 July,all,Clammy,"Brilliant game, reminds me a lot of Stalker. Great fun with friends, but dangerous when you play solo. Had a few run-ins with Safe-Zone campers who kill new players of the game, which needs to be sorted out. It isn't fair as for new players who are trying to learn the game, they're losing everything from the starter quests which means they cannot do future ones. The guards should be able to kill traitors who come close to the safe zone as it's mostly traitors who are killing the new players. Also had a guy grenade me at the Civillian main base to get my gear, so just be careful and always watch your back."
76561198002608069,Recommended,519190,33719534,Posted: 22 July,all,"Steven""Punani""Seagal",stalker online but not grindy♥♥♥♥♥♥dayz made in some slavs shedbudget escape from tarkovit's good
,Recommended,519190,33683760,Posted: 20 July,all,Andrew102,"Good game. I just hope it won't get abandoned like lots of other Early Access games because it has got lots of potential. Really needs first person view though. I love the faction system and the PVE aspects to the game.Cons which is a MASSIVE one for me is that pretty much nearly every time you go out of a safezone with about 20 players on a server you are pretty much guaranteed to get shot at by a camper. Very frustrating if you are a new player to the game but overall it is a good game.Overall I think it is well worth the money. It is better than Miscreated in my opinion especially if they are an alone player, you will less likely get killed on site."
76561198013397733,Recommended,519190,33835988,Posted: 27 July,all,Trixie,Get out of here stalker!
,Recommended,519190,33683132,Posted: 20 July,all,Ante,"First of all remember this is ->> Early Access <<-+Graphics - are OK if you can run the game on max settings, very nice atmosphere & immersive.+Sound - the sound is pretty damn good all over. (And you can talk with everyone in the close vicinity via microphone)+Map - the size is ok for now in early access & different areas to explore. (everyone starts with a map so you won't be lost)  EDIT: The developers have added a new map to explore!+Crafting/Cooking - crafting system is simple and works great.(for example, if you have raw meat in your inventory, simply walk up to a fire and click F to start cooking, You'll see a bar that fills up and then it's done!)(Make a fire? go to a bush and click F to gather sticks, do it two times to get 2 sticks then go into the inventory > crafting > drag each stick to a separate box/square and make a fireplace)+Skills - the passive skills keeps one motivated to come back to the game for character progression.+Inventory/loot - very simple and straightforward, easy to understand. (You can find or buy different sized backpacks, so keep looking for a bigger one)+Gunplay/Damage - all weapons have a nice kick to them & feels powerful, no laser weapons here. The fire fights are intense as f**k! If you get shot in the head with a rifle you will go down, so the damage is very good in this game imo! Another cool thing is that if you get shot in the helmet it will fly off and you'll need to pick it up and re-equip it again or you'll die the next time you get shot in the head+NPC/Enemies - the enemy npc are deadly, so think twice before starting a gunfight.+Wildlife - gear up before taking on a bear or pact of wolves, they will outrun you & can be vicious!+Gear/weapons - you have lots of different looking gear & different types of guns/ammo to choose from, some gear will give better protection % than other so you can withstand a fight better.+Factions - you can choose between 3 different factions after the introduction quests (Civilian, Neutral, Looters) or you can become a traitor and kill EVERYTHING!+Shop/storage - you can buy all kinds of gear, weapons, medkits, food & water etc here, also you can store you stuff there in a private storage, very useful! for example you can store an AK-47,ammo,gear,food,medicine and just take it out after you die and you'll be ready for another fight!+Money - You'll get money from quests or looting or by selling loot, that you will keep if you die so you can gear up rather quickly from buying gear in the shop, ooor if you wanna start all over and loot you can do that instead.+Quests - You will have a quest line for each faction (Only civilians have a longer quest line atm) but all factons will have one as the early access game gets developed I guess, But its really fun to run out on errands and get rewards afterwards!+Survival/Food - you can get cold (Make a fire or find one to warm yourself up), food poisoning, toxic poisoning & bleeding etc but there are medicines, syringes & bandages/first aid kits for that, and you will also get hungry/thirsty so stack up on food & beverages!+Friends - it is very easy to group up with friends in this game, look for the same server > connect > press P > check for your buddy > invite to party and you'll see them all on the map so you can keep track of everybody!+Vehicles - So far I've found a working BTR, a truck with a mounted machine gun on the back, a normal car, so I guess there are more vehicles out there!+Movement - I like the more ""realistic?"" aspect of this game when walking or jogging, I feel like more people will take it slower and be more cautious and not just run around like crazy people.Also you can turn your head on the character instead of spinning around with the whole character. (HUGE + that the game isn't clunky, it's very responsive!)+Hit-registration - very very solid, though I play on max 50-ping servers so my experience have been very good!+PVP,PVE,Single-player - You can choose to either play solo in the world vs NPC's, or PVE with other players vs NPC's OR full PVP between enemy factions & NPC's + traitors (players that have killed one of their own faction members and can now get killed by anyone), This is great, it will satisfy everyone!You'll have 3 different saves/characters also:*Solo - your SOLO character will be saved for SOLO play.*PVE - your PVE character will be saved across all PVE servers ONLY.*PVP - your PVP character will be saved across all PVP servers ONLY.+Performance - I play this game maxed out with avg 100fps (i7 6700k - Gtx 1070 - 16gb ram - SSD)  ***PS! don't run this game with v-sync or you will get stuttering***+/- there is lots of different places to explore but the world can feel a little empty from the lack of either enemie-npcs or wildlife ""Bears/wolves""- I would like to be able to zoom out more from my character, just a bit more!+++++++++ And of course the price of this game is perfect, more people will buy it and join the toxic wasteland!Pssst pro tip! run up to your buddy and press F4 ;D"
,Recommended,519190,33802132,Posted: 25 July,all,Kkthnx,"Bought this when it came out. Figured why not give it a try.The first time I got into the game I kinda laughed. Didn't know what to really even think about it. It was just all different looking. I was so much to makeshift games like Rust, DayZ, Miscreated Ect... You know all the same concept never really trying to add more just the same old Z! Well, this one ended up better different and I honestly was surprised.The questing is just amazing. It gives the player something to do other than sitting around. Food and hunger can easily be treated as it is not hard to come by to fix it up. Unlike every other game. The PvE aspect is awesome as well. Giving us players a choice in what we do is hands down awesome and different for once. No one wants to be forced.As for the PvP is good. I like it, the hit registration is seriously on point. You shoot and it hits. There is no desyncing there are no shots just going through people. It just simply up and works.This game just has so much to offer already with it just being released. I have gotten 4 of my friends to buy it and they love it. We quest, we pvp, we run around checking stuff out. We raid NPC camps. We watch another player scout out camps and converge onto them and you know the rest.If you are looking for a game that is for once worth it. Buy this and seriously give it a chance. Being in the safe zone gives you the player a chance to learn it. 9/10 for this game."
,Recommended,519190,33790470,Posted: 25 July,all,Fus1on,"Really enjoying this game so far. Quenches the STALKER thirst I had for such a long time.Extremely friendly community and the developer team seems dedicated towards their game.Some variety in wildlife would be appreciated, but I'm pretty sure the developers already have it on their to-do list.Haven't encountered any game breaking bugs so far other than some collision issue, in fact, I'd say the game is quite polished for an early access game.Some pros and cons :-Pros :1) Great atmosphere2) Enjoyable gameplay3) Great community4) Developers seem to be working hard to address issues5) Good amount of content for this priceCons :1) Some bugs2) Translation issues3) Lack of variety in wildlifeOverall my experience so far has been 9/10, for this price it's definitely worth it."
,Not Recommended,519190,33780400,Posted: 24 July,all,Beach Head,"-The faction system is deeply flawed.-Factions do not have set clothing or gear, so the only way to tell who someone is, is by pointing your gun at them and reading their name and the color of their name. So if you see someone running toward you in the distance, you have to aim your gun at them to tell who they are. This means that you start all interactions in game... by pointing at someone you see.-You always spawn in the same place, depending on your faction.-This inspires spawn camping and trolling in the camps.-There is a limited way in and out of each camp, which inspires spawn camping further.-All NPC's spawn in the same place on every server.-If you've done it once, you can only repeat yourself (NPC quests)... the quest system should feel more random. It goes in an exact order.-If you kill someone in your faction you become a traitor, even if they are teamed with people who are not in your faction.-As a traitor you start in the woods with no clothes and have to travel to a zone to get your gear.-Every server holds player persistency based upon region. That means if I want to start over I have to join a Europe or other region server.-You cannot delete your character, it is permanent.-If you get stuck as a traitor, you can't drop the status by starting over. You are just screwed and have to basically stand around for 90 minutes in game to get out of the status.-Players can go to empty servers and gear up and store the loot, then go to a heavily populated server and use the gear they got on the empty server. This was a serious flaw of DayZ standalone. It encourages combat logging and constant server jumping."
,Recommended,519190,33813141,Posted: 26 July,all,The SentineL,"It is a survival game in Russia after the nuclear explosion. You have to complete various tasks in your game and survive. There are many animals that are sick because of radiation. It reminds me of DayZ. You can create your own group in the game and loot together. Sound effects and a lot of things have to be improved and corrected. Especially optimization is the main problem. It's a really nice game if all the problems are fixed.Graphics: 7/10Atmosphere: 8/10Gameplay: 6,5/10Sounds: 4,5/10Optimization: 4/10Missions: 5/10"
,Recommended,519190,33679608,Posted: 20 July,all,Lakelet,"Friendly players, solid optimization, plenty to do, very little KOS, mental states, Russia. GG.I am having a ton of fun so far!"
,Recommended,519190,33830281,Posted: 27 July,all,Bob,"At less than 10€, this is a steal.This game is one of the only survival games out there that feels complete. Not once have I died from a bug or broken mechanics. The faction system gives a heightened sense of community to say the least. One thing to keep in mind though is that if you speak good english and don't understand Russian, for god's sakes stay away from the EU servers. They are swarming with people that either speak horrible English or none at all. The game has an incredible atmosphere which feels very similar to a mix between STALKER and DayZ.Pros:-Great community on the US servers-Neutral safezones, gives a good vibe when you can talk♥♥♥♥♥♥with the person who sniped you 5 minutes ago-Good variety of weapons, not a cesspool of weapons you'll never use-Faction system works really well, if you play as a civvie and you're the minority on the server, you'll most likely all team up to survive together-Amazing atmosphere-Wide variety of emotes, if you have a big group you can have a circlejerk-Fun quests with rewards to set you on your way-A group system, easier to team up with friends and other playersCons:-EU servers swarming with Russians-AI are a bit OP at times-Scrolling through inventories with the scrollwheel is practically impossible, ♥♥♥♥♥-Game mechanics are sometimes poorly explained-You get auto-kicked from a group if you die-You can't talk to NPCs that are talking to someone else? What???-Lots of spawnkillingAll in all, my experience with this game is overwhelmingly positive. It feels complete, has fun quests, interesting faction systems, and has a nice atmosphere. I will definitely be playing more of this, and I am looking forward to see where it's going!"
76561198140543768,Recommended,519190,33679265,Posted: 20 July,all,Oklahoma,Fun.
76561198020560889,Recommended,519190,33681239,Posted: 20 July,all,я ем задницу,The Russian Simulator.
,Recommended,519190,33846647,Posted: 27 July,all,AWanderingTyler,"Blew my expectations out of the water. Rough to start out, but once you get your footing its a great faction based survival game!"
,Recommended,519190,33947985,Posted: 1 August,all,dicksteroids,"This game has so much potential, dont ruin it devs. Overall gameplay is smooth and items are good, there are animations for allmost everything that work good and look niceplaying is fun but most people are russian xDand servers are ok but its hard to get into a  server with a friendThis game is good game much russian"
,Recommended,519190,33801864,Posted: 25 July,all,That Poppy,"bought this game 11 hours ago, I now have 10 hours playtime. Really fun game! It's in alpha but runs awesome on ultra, great animations and great combat.Join a server, go Looter as faction, find some cool Russians, grab your ghillie and AK and sneak away and attack the enemy factions base!Buy this game! You will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,519190,33789294,Posted: 25 July,all,yvng heartbreak,"Very enjoyable game, though i think that many people forget this game is still in early access. Despite that, this game is very fun when you grab a friend or two to play with you. The survival aspect of this game is on par with popular survival shooters, and for the cheap price and potential I think you will enjoy this in your steam library."
,Recommended,519190,33670955,Posted: 20 July,all,Paxoni_.,"This is my first survival i've ever tried. I bought this game cause I wanted try something different.The optimization is good, it runs at 60 fps with all max settings(i think cause settings are half russian)\Graphics is pretty bad, it seems the graphics of second S.T.A.L.K.E.R., but we can pass on it.You really should improve the pickup system cause is really hard pick up thing fast(i spent like 3 minutes to pick up a knife)In just 400m i took cold, diarreha and almost killed by rad, i think u should improve this part cause i finished all my meds for a initial quest).I can't choose female caracter and this isn't fair, anmd the male ones... ahahah omg.Considering that this is an Ea i can't do a final review but just my first feeling.For 6 euros is worth"
76561198010104803,Not Recommended,519190,33906500,Posted: 30 July,all,Grumpy Bear,Spent the first hour getting killed by a Wolf on the first quests to give up and head out. Found a gun no ammo or clip loads of backpacks to head back and get killed by a guy on the safe zone area. so i repawn run to my body to hope he left maybe something.. for him to kill me again. as i respawn and try leave the start area a group of guys stand on the zone line and open fire at me.... so 10/10 game if your in a group and like to kill noobs. requested a refund as im sure there is another game worth buying.
76561198081877483,Recommended,519190,33794698,Posted: 25 July,all,ShikaClouds💎,I'm going to try keep it short and sweet Day Z has been 4 or 5 years and this game has Already done more than half what Day Z has. Another thing for all this content and its on £8 cmon guys get this game if you like survival games plus you dnt need an amazing computer like most EA games 10/10 for an EA game in the future I see great ♥♥♥♥iing things. Kinda reminds me of old ARMA 2 Day Z mod and what Standalone said and should of been.
76561197993000639,Recommended,519190,33811997,Posted: 26 July,all,Sylencer,great game a good mix recommend for solo play as well as multiplayer still early version so some bugs here and there but nothing game stopping so its liveable. new updates are being added
76561198030688436,Recommended,519190,33727733,Posted: 22 July,all,Bartender,Honestly one of the best sub $10 purchases I have made on steam. I highly recomend it.
76561198094052699,Recommended,519190,33684022,Posted: 20 July,all,SwagLikeGandhi,"It's like a mix between DayZ mod Epoch, and H1Z1 Just Survive (except the base building). There's quests for items, factions, air drops, trader NPCs, along with NPCs that fight back. The game runs really smooth and the PvP is surprisingly nice.  The only cons right now is map size and server size, but the game is most definitely worth the price.The biggest problem I have with this game is the factions, you try not to shoot people on sight so you don't become a traitor, only to have them to shoot you in the back. Example, I killed a player who was a traitor right outside the main looter faction, and a team of looters ran out and shot me in the back. I knew they were there, but didn't expect them to shoot me right outside the faction.Also there is no cover outside of town, bushes can be shot through and the trees are too skinny to hide behind.A lot of the negative reviews are just people complaining because they don't understand the HUD. After a few hours it becomes really simple, so don't let them persuade you not to buy."
76561198089704369,Recommended,519190,34450101,Posted: 23 August,all,SteezusChrist,"The game has a lot of potential. I highly enjoyed it for a few days. it lacks content after a certain point. For 10 bucks you cant really complain, i got it for even less at the time. Raiding the other factions base is so satisfying.what i would like to see them do:-Please fix team killing inside bases i.e. (people throwing grenades while you shop and loot you, but dont get turned into a traitor somehow) The safety zone should be implemented at all respective factions bases. atleast for now until you find a better system perhaps. Teams with traitors in their group should atleast be marked for now so you can stop being baited by dirty players.-More animals. packs of wolves, i dont like zombies in this game, but like mutants or something sinister would be awesome.-more bases, why doesnt the second looter base have a shop? atleast none i can find.-The awkward walking... feels so slow, not very smooth. maybe done on purpose to make the map feel bigger. hopefully thats fixed when you open the map up more.-tank killing weapons... grenade system is whack and unreliable, rocket launchers, rpgs, even maybe a mine would be awesome, even an anti tank grenade) people can just grab a tank and run it right into the middle of a base. not really much you can do.-not being able to cancel or abort an action. extremely annoying.When i first started the community of players was awesome. Unfortunately i feel after this game garnered attention, and all the exploits mentioned above, it attracted so many toxic people and deterred beginner players to even want to continue playing. I contemplated quitting several times because of random players camping spawn. Fix those problems and all the right players will come back. Im a looter, but i didnt even bother killing neutrals cause, whats the point?"
,Recommended,519190,34701592,Posted: 2 September,all,BRUSHRAT,"For the 10 dollars it was worth it.The NPC's however are basically aimbots, and the game is lacking content (understandable since it's early access)Good for a hour or two of fun, but that's about it."
76561198147753615,Recommended,519190,35107716,Posted: 21 September,all,The Ranger2033,"pretty good game for $10.00 and of course it has bugs but the devs seem pretty quick to fix anything game breaking not to mention they take community comments to heart which is what i like with early access games.the combat is okay for the most part but i hope a first person view gets added soon and the abbility to refil empy magazines comes to as i made the mistake of buying 3 AKM mags and 5 boxes of extra bullets only to find empty mags disappear if you reload. i tried taking the magazine out befre it was empty but still i cant refill it.other than that i really enjoy pvp and partying up with my friends or exploring and trying to complete all the quest in singleplayer.the only other thing id say this game needs is more hostile enities as mowing down bears,wolves and hostile humans get boring after a while maybe some new hostile NPCs like mutants could be added?but really this game is just as great as Dayz and is deffinitly better than H1z1/king of the kill as like dayz this game has moral choices but with a twist like if i kill a fellow player i lose the title of neutral and am now a looter and must embark on a redemption quest to be neutral again (i get a metro vibe from this as that game is also based on what the player chooses and all actions have a out come weather it helps the player or negativly effects the player)so in a way this is more than a simple shootem up post apocylptic gameall i hope is the devs keep up with production and dont abandon this great game like so many other early access game titles do this game needs to be completeas i enjoy the stalker and Dayz feel."
,Recommended,519190,33805624,Posted: 26 July,all,XEpicGodX || Faye,"I've been playing this game for a little while now and I'd like to recommend this game for the reasons I will post below. Be warned, the game is far from perfect - but the developers seem enthusiastic to improve their work. I highly support that mindset and I hope that my critisism left below is taken as a gesture of good will and love for the content.So with all that out of the way, let's get started with the main segment:Pros- Great multiplayer fun- Fantastic server coverage- Decent atmosphere despite the graphical hinderence- Fairly good PvP balancing- Amazing set of lads (on the aussie servers at least)- Solid foundation to build upon- Very clean yet informative HUD- Generally very noob friendly, but still challenging.Cons- Barebones in terms of content- Optimization is a bit shaky- AI is less intelligent than a sack of potatoes with down syndrome- AI compensates lack of intelligence with precise aim to a point where you may be better off killing players than NPCs- Vehicle physics, weight, gravity and locking mechanics. Needs Tweaking- Impacts on HUD need improvement based on severity- Don't even know how fall damage works in this game.- Mic sometimes stops receiving information-The inventory system, specifically bag switching. Process needs a streamline.- No English voice acting- Berry system is basic- Crafting is more than ignorable, it's a hinderence- Lack of endgame content. More toys to play with would be nice (better to add that much later down the track however)-Misc. bugs and issues not worth mentioning here.-Dying player baseSummary.This game is a fantastic core product with enthusiastic developers and lots of room for improvement. However the experience is still very flawed - but not to a point I cannot recommend it. Hell, any game that gives me a good time with mates and a bunch of tense situations is fine by me.To the discerning buyer, hold your wallets for a little bit longer - to those with a spare $8, go for it. Pricewise this game is perfect.And to the devs, please take what I say in the cons as a message of love and a want to see in success. Obviously as one guy, I have not addressed all the issues; but keep up fixing this game and prepping it for release. I look forward to the day it is fully released and polished!EDIT:Reworked the pro's and con's respectively. So far 3 cons removed, 1 added. Major issues seem to be getting addressed slower than anticipated - however minor bug fixes are coming a long way. However, the player base is dying - and theere is no marketing to help save it.Conceptually speaking, these newer issues are fairly easy to resolve. Mayhaps they should bring aboard new members to the dev team to assist them? They could do with the added development body, marketing and PR."
76561197964042954,Recommended,519190,33815122,Posted: 26 July,all,King,"I have most survival games out there being early access or not, mostly because i am a sucker for these types of games. I have been on the fence of bying this mainly because of the graphics on the store page and wondering what could this bring new. To me the main issue with these type of games is the lack of interaction between players. If you dont have a kos mentality you will learn to grow one, is it different here ? Yes and no but a big YES !First off as the store page says there is a faction system in place. 3 different faction being, civilian, looter and neutral. Shoot a guy in your faction being in your team or not and you will be branded a traitor amongst everyone. civilians hate looters, looters are bandits and neutral are basically new players or people choosing to stay that way. Traitors will get shot on sight by any npc's and other players, thus making you think before you feel like shooting that guy in the same faction as you.Every faction has a safe zone, in that safe zone you can :- Get quests from npc's- Store loot, buy loot or sell loot- Go around the campfire for heat, cook your food or best of all, discuss, recruit or trade with other players.Since its a safe zone, youll see all kinds of people going around talking, asking for help, clothes, food, drinks, etc...This to me is a breath of fresh air, how alive this world feels, how funny some people talk♥♥♥♥♥♥or are Role playing all the way.Survival wise this game brings all the usual : eating, drinking, body temp, sickness, crafting,hunting, fighting, bleeding.The loot is very varied and there is a lot of it, meaning you dont need to spend alot of time to manage to get stuff and the variation is great. There are animations for everything ! yes everything has well done animations making the game so immersive and fun gameplay wise. There are guns a plenty here too, varying from pistols to sniper rifles to automatic rifles.The sounds are pretty neat too, guns sound pretty good, npc's talking russian and playing guitar around the campfire (stalker memories).Graphics are not the best but better than what i tough it would be on the store page. It runs pretty well im running it on ultra with about 90 fps, so optimisation wise its very good.What about playing with your friends, remember dayz ? running around for some time trying to find your friends and getting kos in the process, only to restart. Here you all start in the neutral zone, can team right from the get go and get your move on. For me this is a great. There are vehicules too but i havent had one yet so wont speak too much about it.OF course you will get ko's from players in city's, camping quests spots or some cheap♥♥♥♥♥♥like any other survival game out there. Simply change servers go at it again or even better go back with friends fully loaded and wait for them to move and ambush them.Theres is AI too, wolf, bears and bandits, they arent the best but work well enough for a EA game. Wolves and bears can be skinned for food.Ill wrap this up simply by saying that for the price of this game you cant go wrong. It really is very good and better than what you would think from the store page.Support these dev's they clearly deserve it with all the work they have done."
76561198101551276,Recommended,519190,33754339,Posted: 23 July,all,IronTherapy,"There is something very addicting about Next Day: Survival.It is a survival game that has factions so you have to be careful not to kill on sight, there's an area where there is no pvp which makes it nice to meet other players.There is very easy to follow quests to help get you going in the world. The combat system is fantastic, there's a nice feel to it.The game also offers a progression system unlike many other apocalyptic survival games you actually have things to build for and currency so you can in an emergency at least buy an item you for some reason can't find.For anyone who tries this game, please please get past the first area, it can be a bit different as a new player but the community has been great to me so far. Once you are past the first couple of quests and you get the hang of the game it becomes incredibly entertaining."
,Recommended,519190,33753587,Posted: 23 July,all,FlyingDeath - Drew,"Might aswell jump on the review train.Ok this game is good maybe alright at best.  From what i played in the past 6 hours+ (at the time of writing its says 5.8 i know >.>) but from what I played the game is kinda fun, reminds me alot of stalker when playing solo, i havn't jumpped into online yet but planning on it.But one thing im trying to find out why its lagging for me (if i change setting i jump upto 60+fps but once i start moving around it dips down to 30- fps.) but i'm running on a gtx 960m with an i7 in it.The game is hard which i love but its also still buggy, idk about anyone else if they had problems with this quest or not but my god i want to use that bug to farm up alot of the money or what ever it is called in game.  but the quest im stuck on was swamp outing or something like that, its the one you get the gas mask from.If i had to rate the game i would give it and 8/10 even with the bugs.Edit: Found the name of the quest so changed"
76561198070477680,Recommended,519190,33804344,Posted: 26 July,all,FTcivic,"Oh, man oh man. Where do I begin to start to explain this game?Every played any of the Stalker Games? Clear Sky? Shadow of Chernobyl? Call of Pripyat? Ever wanted to just go on ahead and play with your friends, without the bugs? Well boys and gals, this game is it.The game's graphics are dated, I bought this game to test out a new Desktop I bought (Old, it has an Nvidia 8800 for Goodness sake!) and it ran like a charm at Medium settings.I played at an impressive 47 FPS CONSTANTLY. I mean, CONSTANTLY. I've never seen such stability in an EA game, ever.The gameplay, is taken straight out of Dayz and Stalker (Zone from Stalker, the messy drawers from Dayz, also the cars).The factions could use more variety, there are two: Looters and Civilians.Also the intro faction, but doesn't really count.There are quite a bit of guns, and a simple crafting system, a leveling system. A bunch of clothes, armors, and gadgets/gizmos.The Dev's took pages straight from other games, and implemented them, in excellent fashion.Pick up a Compass, you can see N/S/E/W ontop of your screen. Pick up water purifier, you won't die of disease and so forth.There are NPCs' (Wolves/Bears) but in my 80 minutes of gameplay, haven't seen much else, but I did play singleplayer, and was just doing the intro quests. (The Game is NOT Stingy, you get nice guns at the getgo: SVD/AKM/Makeshift Single Shot rifle[You craft this one], Tokerev Pistol, and some others)In other words, you can cheeki-Breeki straight out of the tutorial, haven't found Vodka yet, but searching. The music in game is nice (They play on Guitars) other times, plain scary/nerve wrecking.All in all? Gaben should take notes for Half Life 3 from here."
,Recommended,519190,33942158,Posted: 31 July,all,Zoogoo40,I have high hopes for this game.
76561198031700582,Recommended,519190,33861577,Posted: 28 July,all,Spriggan,"This game has a great community! Is very well put together for right off the Alpha-block. The world is well designed, and only going to grow more intricate from the intitial layouts, let alone dev discussions have pointed out that whole new areas will be added to the map. Overall the graphics model is decent, very few glitches, but this is only at 4/5 days out, so hopefully they will be on top of any issues quickly as I see they are actively communicating with the community. Definitely will get your money out of this game within a few ours, and way more if you take the time to explore the world and different game modes."
76561198114121892,Recommended,519190,33912281,Posted: 30 July,all,Lil H3ad4ss,Ejoyable game
,Recommended,519190,34037198,Posted: 5 August,all,[KGBelge]_Daarax,"A very promising game, still in early access but yet enjoyable to play. I highly recommend it."
76561198093405783,Recommended,519190,34346424,Posted: 19 August,all,FoxyInTheShadows,Slow to get into at start because lack of tutorial but after wanting to believe the other good reviews carried on with the quests and glad i did. Although tough to start it does get easier the more gear you aquire. The mission to get an item in the middle of a toxic filled swamp with a killer bear was scary but did it without much trouble in the end. Nice challlenges.Good choice of PVE/PVP/Solo even if you want to do it alone is a nice touch. Few bugs but this has just come out so they are to be expected. Flying bears into the air after you shot them and cardboard boxes floating etc. Overall fun games and look forward to future development.
,Recommended,519190,33795233,Posted: 25 July,all,Tommy,Pros:Its cheap.Fun.Theres a single player with AI missions etc (kinda like fall out).No zombies.Cons:Dont try to fight the wolf with a knife.
76561198260974077,Recommended,519190,33813768,Posted: 26 July,all,kcunninghamuk,"Glad to of jumped on at the beginning, kinda didnt know what to expect at first but after the first hour i was buzzed after i started learning how the mechanics work,yes its in early access but guess what, the price is perfect, and i havent encounted that many bugs, seen a bear do a triple backflip but that was enjoyable, did get 2 crashes in 5 hours whcih isnt bad at all so far so good,i play battleground so it kinda has that element but i think this game can offer even more in the long run, i love how they added a rpg effect which works, crafting i havent got round to doing but these are the main points of fun i had with the game so far- logged on - created my guy and jumped into main- first thing i meet two crazy guys who been playing all day, they give me clothes a shotgun and some loot, ( great start )-skip the quests and go hunting with them, have a bunch of a laughs along the way,- start killing people not having a clue about the factions-learn that i am now a traiter after killing 6 people from different factions-i  manage to make it back to base, learn that if i died it would of all be a waste of time,- start talking to peeps, have a clash with the casulty faction- get off the server jump in a new one- meet up with some dude who has just started, tried to help him out,-start doing my quests and then bang get killed - lose some of my gear-since im a traiter i have a long way to walk to get back to base,- along the way i suddently become a looter and the guy i was with meets up with me ( hes nutreul )- i tell him come to me and we l head down the looting camp- russian looter comes accross to us and shoots him - i tell him hey i wanted ot convert him but the russion guy didnt understand :)- come to the base, lose my pal along the way and check the place out-come accross a dude and start chatting to him -  then another dude comes and chats and another,-4 of us decide lets head down the casutly camp and destroy them-along the way we take a detour, eat snacks, drink and joke about- then we decided screw that lets hit the bunker - looting time- 4 of us head there but thats when the crash happens :( lose them- jump back into server and yes one of them came on the same- added him on steam and we managed to find the other guy aswell - bonus- 3 of us hit the bunker and its carnage - respaned nps and guns blazing everyhwere,- we all die and our loot is in the centre - we make a run for it and manage to get our stuff-we duck out head back to base and did it all over again10/10 for the funiest 5 hours of gaming i had with people, more enjoyable that battlegrounds already and ive played a ton of that, please keep this going the way it is i think its a great platform better than dayz and the other relevant titles out there, its different, very user friendly and its only just started - these other titles still have issues going on so im giving them full credit and money well spent, and guess what i cant wait to jump on again and playpeople are probaly having a little moan about the if i die i lose everything, but in one way i think thats actually what keeps you hungry, first you want to then kill that guy and look for him but at the same time your having to survice, eat drink etc i really like the elements, there is alot to improve on but the way its going im going to sit back and chill on this,PLEASE KEEP THE GAME GOINGPEACE"
76561198010640061,Recommended,519190,34751665,Posted: 5 September,all,kimandrew1,"For a game still in early access it's fun and frustrating at the same time. Fun knowing the game has more to come,frustrating that some bugs are still there and the devs don't give a lot of updates. I hardly ever do a review but thought it was worth it this time. Love the scrounging for bits and pieces only to die and then tear about trying to get your stuff back. I f you have a few buddies already playing it makes a huge difference. Thumbs up."
28292829282928292,Recommended,519190,33788980,Posted: 25 July,all,Andrew,"I'm tired to write all the good things of this game, so i will just say, if u love REAL hardcore survival game, buy this game."
,Recommended,519190,33789664,Posted: 25 July,all,Oliver Lykke ϟϟ pvpro.com,"absolutely fantastic. thats the most simple review i can give, definetely worth the price"
,Recommended,519190,33791178,Posted: 25 July,all,ocean man™,it's fun
,Recommended,519190,33796311,Posted: 25 July,all,TheBrokenSmile,really good has alot of potential
,Recommended,519190,33796881,Posted: 25 July,all,Burrito,"Next Day: Survival is a multiplayer open world survival game that includes both PVP and PVE. There are three factions, the looters, the civilians, and the neutrals. With fellow faction members, or by yourself there is lots you can do, including quests, fighting other players and looting towns. The current storyline (as of July 25, 2017) is pretty short but more quests are going to be added in the future. I would describe this game as a mix of Dayz, Rust and the Stalker series combined. The current gunplay is pretty good but I would definately like to see first person added as well. The AI are not too easy to kill and give you a challenge. Also, the performance for an early access game just releasing is great. The game is great and you will not regret your purchase. The future of this game is going to be awesome.PROS- Factions- The AI's difficulty- Open world- Player interaction- The Player vs Player combat- Quests to keep players motivated- Safe Zones for factions- You dont get bored- Performance is good but can still be improvedCONS- Needs better animations (especially for running)- Guns need attachments- Needs better graphics (current is okay but nothing special)- No first person- Would like larger servers- Inventory system should allow players to move items around freely to organize- Some translations are off (not huge deal but should be fixed)"
76561198059885766,Recommended,519190,33802711,Posted: 26 July,all,bugsy54321,"This game has the makings of a fantastic survival game. It's been out for almost a week and it is a fantastic start. The only problem that I see at the moment is the lack of English speaking players, so if you speak english and enjoyed survival games like miscreated, BUY THIS!!!! Please join the commnity!"
76561198045351544,Recommended,519190,33813338,Posted: 26 July,all,Ombralamierina,"At first glance this is what I get from the game. I started off sick, and ended up dying because of being cold and sick. I have no idea how to cure sickness. So after I found my body, everything on it but a couple crappy items were gone and I basically had to start over, and I was already sick again. After finally managing to get some clothes and a gun, a bear came out of nowhere and killed me, and once again my body was stripped of all belongings.All the npcs speak a language I dont speak, and the settings are all in a language I don't read. This makes game play kind of annoying because you can't enjoy the story as much. I would also like to change some visual settings but have no idea what I am changing.inbetween dying several times and trying to figure out...really anything, the game isn't bad. My 2 biggest suggestions are put in a more user friendly start, with either a tutorial, or quests that explain more. Getting items for the quests off the bat is nice, but it didn't seem at all to help with what was wrong with my charactor. I also suggest translating at least the options for multiple languages. I understand its an early release so they npcs speaking a language I don't know can be ignored, but settings are kind of crucial"
,Recommended,519190,33831838,Posted: 27 July,all,AvJ.Vanquish,"I thought this game would be really buggy and laggy in early access. I was wrong this game runs like a charm at ultra with no lag or bugs. I am not a fan of survival games, but this game made me erase that thought. I have had hours of fun with 7 of my friends in a group. 10/10 would recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,519190,33851199,Posted: 28 July,all,16-bit Soldier,"I'm having a good time,digging what they got so far,vehicles work,and the global inventory is nice,not a struggle to get a gun,NPCs and tons of loot"
76561198073995090,Recommended,519190,33867507,Posted: 28 July,all,Mason,"got it for like £6 and even after sale its cheap, early acess for sure with lots of room for development, e.g. AI basically aimbots and follows through walls, General EA stuff, but its a good start and has room to be great, quests, factions, fairly in depth ammo/magazine/weapon features, a fair amount off loot, not too little not too much, an end game bunker, Voip, 1st person coming soon, vehicles even BTR's and loads more. Really worth the money!"
76561198074127937,Recommended,519190,33893936,Posted: 29 July,all,Kiriko,"It´s alright. Totally worth the 10$ price tag.Pros:-Factions and group system-Vehicles-NPCs-Quests/Missions-Decent amount of gear-Pretty good animationsCons:-Pretty terrible graphics-Bugs-EA3P Only (If that is a bad thing or not is up to you)Overall: A solid 7/10 Great game for the price, Especially with friends."
76561198385254441,Recommended,519190,33950512,Posted: 1 August,all,LL COOL J,hehe xd always griefers but other than that very good gaem
76561198035797712,Recommended,519190,33681005,Posted: 20 July,all,terrencejack,Can't really go wrong for $7.50 Sure it needs some work but for early access they have a pretty good foundation to build on.
76561198122723089,Recommended,519190,33791091,Posted: 25 July,all,LEGIONNAIR´e,pos
76561197983465398,Recommended,519190,33826906,Posted: 27 July,all,RaG,good game
,Recommended,519190,33831067,Posted: 27 July,all,Dread-Beard,"Brilliant game, already more content than DayZ and I'm less than 2 hours in."
10021200283009400,Recommended,519190,33831257,Posted: 27 July,all,TREEPLANT,"I really love the game .. lots of fun with new friends in game, We go scavenge for gears and stuffs and quest .. So hardcore that you get sick if your not dress up so much fun .. I just hope that this game will continue to develop by the Devs and not be abandoned cause the game is so awesome and I really want achievement of it. Next Day:Survival is the Best .. :)"
,Recommended,519190,33850447,Posted: 28 July,all,Matt,"There is more banter in this game than there is actual gameplay.The neutral zone is a place for memes, not gameplay; I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not."
76561198141870329,Recommended,519190,33741978,Posted: 23 July,all,huntedsoldier,"Great game, I like the Mplay and RPG together, its a good start, it needs more wolfs, like in packs and Bears and other bad guys"
76561198074794154,Recommended,519190,33798798,Posted: 25 July,all,Guns up,10/10 if the like stalker and dayz mod its a must have
,Recommended,519190,33813288,Posted: 26 July,all,[82.Reg.]Manfred,"Spawning: Getting bombarded with russian wordsThen: Trying to loot, catch a cold almost diedAfter: Getting clothes healing the sickness of my char, getting killed by a wolf2hours well spent10/10"
76561198083948115,Recommended,519190,33813836,Posted: 26 July,all,AppleWeed,"This game is worth more than its price now. It is very fun especially with friends, the gameplay is very exciting and combat is not too complex. It has everything you would ask for in a survival game, I am shocked that for a very cheap game It has surpassed most survival games out there *cough cough DayZ, It has truly exceeded my expectations. Definitely a 10/10 for now. I hope the developers manage to add more fun and exciting features to the game."
,Recommended,519190,33824951,Posted: 26 July,all,Nella,"IM STUNNED! I am not one for recommending or commenting but, this game has hit the nail on the head when it comes to a post apocalyptic! You most certainly get your money's worth considering how new this game is. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
,Recommended,519190,33844939,Posted: 27 July,all,bobby digital,pretty fun for 10 bucks
76561198332480654,Recommended,519190,33850563,Posted: 28 July,all,FDrizel3,"For an early access game it is really fun to play though I would advise anyone not to get discouraged when they first begin as it is often quite hard to start. Once you get going, join a faction and get good gear it's a really fun experience overall. The game does have a few bugs here and there, but that can be expected from an early access title and luckily the developers are the kind who are constantly improving and fixing certain issues to make the experience even more enjoyable."
,Recommended,519190,33790230,Posted: 25 July,all,masonCS_ | CSGOBetting.win,"Really Good game, it's one of the best Survival Games I saw in recent years!It's a Mix of DayZ Standalone and NewZ. The PvE and PvP Modes are both really fun and I didn't regret any cents of this game."
,Recommended,519190,33791674,Posted: 25 July,all,WilsonWoebeck,Great game
,Recommended,519190,33841872,Posted: 27 July,all,Jack Meta,"Since I haven't played a ton of this yet, I'll try to keep my first thoughts short and sweet:Basically, this is S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Online. The game functions and even looks the same as S.T.A.L.K.E.R. in most aspects, with the addition of more streamlined questing, an Elder Scrolls-like skill system, and more accessible traders. Lethality is pretty high. NPCs can drop you real quick, same as other players, and animals take a fair share of bullets before they go down. So far, the only things the game is missing is some general polish. It's not the prettiest game (coincidentally, the graphics look like they could be from the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. era, except with better textures and animations), and the survival stat system is really obtuse in the beginning (pay attention to your hunger/thirst icons; over time, you'll learn which one means what general level of hunger or thirst you're at). That said, none of it is impossible to appreciate or learn, and if you're a fan of S.T.A.L.K.E.R., it honestly won't feel that far out of place playing this.The game could use (and will definitely get) a few updates before it's ready to roll, but as it stands, it's a pretty solid online PvE or PvP S.T.A.L.K.E.R. experience with enough of it's own flair to make the gameplay even deeper. Really excited at the potential with this one. Really, really excited. And at a $10 price (or $7 for the release discount), it's almost unfair to pay the devs this little for as much work as they've seemingly put in so far."
76561198084287018,Recommended,519190,33849225,Posted: 27 July,all,Virus,"I want to point something out. I've read through many of the negative reviews and while some offer valid input. Many say the game is good and they support it.Negative reviews simply discourage people because they will not always read your reasoning, If you truly support this game, give it a thumbs up, say its good to look into and try or even just wait on. Bottom line, you need to realize the game needs these upvotes to stay known (I feel atleast)In my time playing I've quite enjoyed it, I have my good share of stories and events already from the player interaction its very fun. It is a bit buggy, but unlike many other games, this game has an amazing base set that is already fun to play, now all that is needed is polish and the extra content is welcomeTHIS IS A $10 GAME. I RECOMMEND TRYING IT. K THX BYE"
76561198030992108,Recommended,519190,33851980,Posted: 28 July,all,IR,"So this game doesn't really look very good from the outside, but once you start playing it you realize that it just doesn't matter. Somehow under all that clunkiness and dirt the game has a soul and it can suck you right in if you let it.There are only two types of animals so far, cities are actually only 6-8 houses next to each other and you can get to other side of the map in 10 minutes, but that's all fine because the game is fun and there is actual content in it like quests, raids, factions. And probably there is a lot more coming.Compared to DayZ and alikes this game feels like an arcade survival. Yepp, it's simple and forgiving, but with that comes one very important thing: fun!The only difficulty I had with the game was the first hour, the introduction quests, after that you are good to go and explore the world. For the price this is an amazing buy!"
76561198378623965,Recommended,519190,33742381,Posted: 23 July,all,Grabin' Pills!,♥♥♥♥
76561198205917863,Recommended,519190,33789541,Posted: 25 July,all,Supercobra111,Remember to Cheeki before you Breeki
76561198069735211,Recommended,519190,33824793,Posted: 26 July,all,DaHotFuzz,"For my first multiplayer survival experience I have to admit, Next Day: Survival takes the cake.  It has A LOT going for it especially since it only recently entered early access.  Looking at other titles in the genre, you can quickly tell NDS is a polished game considering the short time it's been released into ea.It is a well-rounded game that has the typical survival elements such as overall health, thirst, hunger, fatigue, bleeding, and so on.  Survivability of these elements relies on consuming food, beverages, applying first aid, antibiotics, etc, all of which are scattered throughout the map.  Once you join a server the items you find will be completely random and can spawn anywhere inside buildings, on the back of vehicles, in tents, and most importantly for new players, at the starting neutral camp when you first login. A variety of items can spawn at the starting location so if you struggle at first keep playing because the game becomes easier once you know where to look for loot.At first the most important thing you have to do is find some clothes or else you get hypothermia and catch a cold.  The starting location usually spawns clothing and other edibles to help you start out.  There is a huge variety of weapons ranging from an AK to different kinds of shotguns, pistols, some sniper rifles, melee weapons like knives, machettes, hand axes, pipes, you name it.  The clothing you find is awesome and diverse as well; there are tons of different hats, shirts, jackets, pants, masks and so on.  Some gear gives you protection bonuses which helps a lot during combat.NDS has quite a lot of depth right now.  You have a bunch of skills your character works on over the course of the game such as thirst and this level increases the more you stay on top of hydrating your character even when he doesn't need a drink.  The same goes for hunger - when you eat at times you aren't hungry this skill will increase allowing you to go longer periods without food or drink. The endurance skill is similar, when you run for long periods of time you begin to tire out and have to take breaks.  To improve this you just have to run long distances and as you level it up you will be able to run longer without tiring.  The skills aren't anything crazy but they make sense and are very fitting.Unfortunately there are only two animals to fight against - bears and wolves, both are tough to kill unless you're equipped with any gun.  Running into either starting out can be discouraging but again once you figure out how  the game works, you know where to go and avoid them.  Aside from these the other enemies are NPCs and real players.  NDS has two modes available currently: Main and PvE.  Main is where other players can attack you anywhere on the map EXCEPT the safe zone which is the starting camp; here you can fight NPCs, beasts and players.In PvE you are only allowed to fight NPCs and beasts, although you can run into other players and team up with them which is cool because a little help goes a long way.  The NPCs are DEADLY accurate, able to kill you with a handful of shots from even long distances.  You definitely want to be geared up before taking them on or at the least have someone to help you.  Death is inevitable in NDS: you can be caught off guard while taking a drink, eating food, healing, or flaying an animal's carcass for meat - these actions take some time to do and you are in a vulnerable state during interactions.  There is sadly no way to cancel them when you begin either, hopefully this gets patched into the game.There are two main factions you can join: looters and civilians.  Each faction has their own quest line that shows you the ropes of the game, gives you everything you need to start out and is recommended first before doing anything else so you know how to play.Item management is one of the biggest weaknesses that I've noticed.  Unequipping and equipping items is tedious.  To equip a new item you have to remove the equipped one by dragging it into your inventory or your person.  If you want a new backpack you have to drop the new one, then drop the one equipped, pick up the new one, THEN you go into your old pack and individually place all your items into your new pack - it is a process and I sure hope this gets revised. An animation begins for most things you do and you need to wait for the animation to end before you can drag and drop items where you want to place them. If you are getting attacked and are in the middle of eating or something then you can't respond because you have to wait for the interaction to end.  As cool as the animations are, they are hindered by the fact that they require time in which you are vulnerable to any attack.Performance is surprisingly good for an ea title.  The only time I have fps dips is in camps that are fairly populated with other players.  On a gtx 980, 6600k and 16 gb ram I can get about 50-60ish fps in camps but outside of them my fps will hover ~90.  The servers need some work but NDS is very very playable in its current state.  I highly recommend this and I am usually against buying into ea titles because I am skeptical of devs who make false promises.  This team seems dedicated to the future of NDS and we can only hope it gets better from here.  I can keep rambling about this but I think I made my point. At $7 you're getting a polished, immersive and engaging experience no doubt."
,Recommended,519190,33842114,Posted: 27 July,all,Taronius PeraDipheladon,"Great game for a cheap price, really fun with friends! Full of content"
76561198063048737,Recommended,519190,33853588,Posted: 28 July,all,✪ HayvN ツ twitch.tv/ItsMistercow,"good game, one thing annoyied me, and that is that when i went to log off, a fresh spawn walked up to me in my faction settlement that was part of the same faction and punched me once and knocked my helmet off, i couldnt kill him because then id be a traitor and all of the AI and faction members would shoot me..... pls fix"
76561198159099572,Recommended,519190,33853702,Posted: 28 July,all,SuperRoyal ᵠ <3.JTM,"Très bon jeu, malgrès un petit manque d'optimisation, le jeu est très bien, dommage qu'il n'y a pas de base building, peut-être pour la suite ?"
,Recommended,519190,33792443,Posted: 25 July,all,Whiskey Greg,"I purchased this game today based on the STALKER references in many of the reviews. After a brief time with the game, I do certainly have some opinions. Some are good, some are not, so please stick with me here.First of all, I love the animations. The walking animation seems a little stiff, but otherwise the movement is okay. I'm really talking about all the other animations. Drinking from a well, putting on a helmet, flaying an animal, taking off/putting on a backpack or clothes, etc. All of these things actually have an animation, which is refreshing to see. Even when using the IFAK, the character takes pills, uses bandages, and even appears to inject himself with something. It is pretty cool to see such detail in the different animations.Secondly, I love the sound so far. Using the first rifle you build, which is just a simple pipe and 2x4 used for a stock, I killed a wolf. It took a couple shots, despite me shooting it in the head. I'm not sure if that is a hitbox error or if it is designed that way. Perhaps the 9x19 round isn't very powerful in the game. Anyway, every time I pulled the trigger, the gunshot was thunderous and echoed through the forest. It reminded me of the many years of deer hunting I have behind me.The survival aspects, from what I can tell, are intact. Food, Thirst, Temperature, disease, health, and stamina are all a factor. The friend I was playing the game with, after an encounter with a wolf, didn't notice that he was bleeding from the fight and bled out a few minutes later. Before that, he died of exposure, I think. He also got food poisoning from eating some berries, though I can't personnaly confirm that one, as it didn't happen to me. The description of the berries does say that they cause it so, he is probably right.The crafting is a little confusing, Admittedly I have only used it to craft the pipe rifle. I had to drag the various pieces of the rifle from my inventory into the crafting slots to make it work, but there wasn't any indication that I saw that my rifle was ready to be crafted or if I needed more parts. I don't have much experience other than that, so I won't elaborate further.The combat is pretty quick, in the sense that it happens abruptly and you are not a bullet sponge. The third time my friend was killed was because we snuck up on a player from a different faction en route to a humanitarian supply drop (full of guns, oddly enough. ""Humanitarian"" haha). We were both using pipe rifles in a 9x19 caliber, while our target had a Russian submachine gun and an M4A1 carbine on his back. I was confident that I had a round in the chamber of my rifle, so we counted down our shot. My friend didn't have a round in the chamber, so we heard the click. I hadn't shot yet, so I waited. He reloaded and we pulled the trigger, but I didn't have a round in the chamber either, much to my surprise. I reloaded, but he had already shot the guy, who turned around with his fancy submachine gun and just mercilessly cut my friend to pieces with it (Not literally. The gore here is very mild). As he turned his gun to me, I was struck by two bullets before I got my shot off, striking him in the head and dropping him like a sack of potatoes. He yelled something at us over the proximity chat, but I didn't understand it. I looted his body to find a ton of hardware. Body armor, guns, knives, ammo, food, a compass (which automatically gives you a heading indicator at the top of your screen), gas mask, and more.I hauled everything I could carry back to the base and stored half of it. Unfortunately, I tried to finish the quest we were on that lead us out there, but my friend has some of the items in his inventory, so I couldn't complete the quest without running all the way back out to his body to get the stuff. An indicator would have been helpful for that. Perhaps something on his body to let me know he had quest items on him. I was killed on my way back out to recover the items, and I respawned in a different camp away from the stuff I put in storage. It was a bit frustrating, and that is where I stopped playing for today. My friend had to leave, and I feel like I want to play this with somebody so I can have a second set of eyes and another finger on the trigger while I explore. I feel that this is better with a partner (or two).The graphics, though, are rather poor. It reminds me of State of Decay on the Xbox 360. They aren't terrible, but I know of older games with much better graphics. STALKER, for example, has much better lighting and textures than this game does. It runs smoothly, though, which is awesome. As well, I understand that this is early access and things are likely to change. From what I can tell, it will only improve.The UI needs some work, as well. The inventory is clunky to manage. For example, when you come across a backpack with greater inventory out in the world, you should be able to swap all of your stuff into it without the hassle of dragging and dropping things one by one. It is time consuming, which I guess makes sense in a survival game, but it is tedious and may turn some players off. The items you can carry are also not clearly defined, as sometimes you can grab things and sometimes you can't. It will say that there isn't enough space for one thing, but will allow something else. I understand that I can't fit 30 AK-47s in my backpack, but the inventory space should be able to reflect what else I can carry.Lastly, just as a tip to everyone, you can press E to check your round count. This will not only ensure that you've got a round in the chamber so your ambush doesn't get foiled by a click instead of a bang, but it is always good to keep tabs on your ammo supply while out in the field anyway. As well, you can change your rate of fire (if you weapon has a selector switch) by pressing left ctrl, though there wasn't an indicator that I saw that told me what mode of fire I was actually on.Overall, I do recommend this game. I had fun, other than some minor stuff I mentioned above. It is on sale right now for $7.49, which I think will turn out to be a steal in the long run. If the devs continue to update and add on to the game, we have a fun and satisfying survival game on our hands.Cheers!PS: Cheeki Breeki"
,Recommended,519190,33796718,Posted: 25 July,all,scnizl,"i liké dis veri much, ♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198410489131,Recommended,519190,34052383,Posted: 5 August,all,Frosty,Best game I have ever played. Keep up the amazing work and updates.
,Recommended,519190,33744658,Posted: 23 July,all,HammerCityGamer,"10/10 because it's fun as hell, and it's only in the early access stage!"
76561198169956566,Recommended,519190,33818126,Posted: 26 July,all,ELITE CHICKEN,this game has been out for 5 days and it already blows dayz out of the water i have 2k hours in dayz and i may have to put 2k in this too
,Recommended,519190,33979638,Posted: 2 August,all,MonkeyMagic2K17,Very fun survival game with RPG elements. The PVE is great against Enemy NPCs such as the Military faction. For the price you pay it is well worth the amount of content here. I definitely recommend this game to anyone that likes games like DayZ and stalker or games with RPG elements like Quests great game.
,Recommended,519190,33995915,Posted: 3 August,all,[.TPoA.] Ironsky,"Of all the Survival games, this is the best one yet.Factions, OK Ai for both NPCs and animals, RPG elements.And HUGE potential."
,Recommended,519190,33818135,Posted: 26 July,all,Fresh_Apple,"In my opinion this game has a lot of potential, it is an RPG, Survival game. It actually has a lot to offer for being in early access and being out for only a week. It also isn't overpriced only costing 8,99 € or 6,74 € atm.Pros:1. It doesn't require a beefy system one of my friends runs it on 770 GTX and i5 6600 on ultra settings and gets about 80+ FPS.2. There are factions which allow you to join a community of   civilians and looters which constantly fight over loot and camps also one thing that i dont see in other games is actual team work like civilians or looters dont kill each other even somtimes sharing loot with each other.3. The fighting system is also pretty good only problem that i ran into that you can see people trough bushes what i mean buy that you can see their nicknames if you aim at them4. There are also animals in this game which you can skin for meat, also its possible to drink from a puddle like developers actually put some logical things in this game unlike the others you can also fix cars and actually drive them which is not possible in a lot of survival games (Rust, Ark and many others)5. This game is really similar to S.T.A.L.K.E.R and Dayz, but unlike S.T.A.L.K.E.R it is Multi-Player.6. You can dress like a gopnik insta buy from me xDCons:1. Crafting, there is crafting in this game, but there isn't much to craft like a Makeshift rifle and a fireplace, Im sure developers will add allot more but as of now it is pretty useless.2. There is no first person, it is not really needed but would be appreciated to have a diffrent nostalgia for the gameSummaryThe game has a lot to offer in its current state like 15 + guns most games cant even reach that...a pretty good combat systemgood optimizationand it also has achievements which always brings a smile to my face.Anyways for such a low price this game is a steal."
,Recommended,519190,33932783,Posted: 31 July,all,🅲🅾🆂🆃🆈,"Next Day: Laba Simulator 2017 <3I recommend this game for ""LABA"" just press F4 and ENJOYF4 FOR LIFE :))"
76561198306956768,Recommended,519190,34467104,Posted: 24 August,all,Necro_Beast,"It's very fun, there's only one problem i found: when you do the swamp quest, for me there was a bear and i died from it, and i got mad so i left the game, when i came back i could not get a toxic suit back so im stuck with out one, and wepons. other then that it is a really good game and i injoy it ;)"
76561198150453621,Recommended,519190,33939832,Posted: 31 July,all,Cam,My favourite thing to do in this game is blow up my own faction with grenades and sit in the tower and kill them with VSS while they are in the storage and can't forget punching the helmets off of other looters and selling them easy moneyWould recommend :)
76561198017462785,Recommended,519190,34042057,Posted: 5 August,all,Quarter,"Next Day: Survival is an odd game. Next Day has all of the hallmarks of an early access survival game on Steam. But when I looked at the store page, I got a lot of S.T.A.L.K.E.R vibes from looking at the images that the developers had posted and their description of the games' world and mechanics. A harsh post apoclyptic world with rugged russians in gas masks and holding ak's? Where do I start? I reluctantly bought the game, assuming that I would probably play an hour, hate it, then return in. But something about Next Day: Survival really drew me in. The poor combat, broken and exploitable quests, and the bear bones survival and crafting mechanics didnt suck me in to its world. It was the overall feeling I had when I would put on my gear and just wander the countryside. Honestly, something about exploring the surrounding villages, running into players, and combating the odd looter, had me playing for 3 hours straight. And, honestly, I intend to play again. For how long in Next Day: Survivals state, im not sure. Probably not for long, though. But the developers have a very, very good concept here, and I cannot wait to see what they do with this game. Hopefully Next Day doesn't rot in development hell like DayZ. Next Day: Survival has some good aspects, but it needs work. I would wait for more substantial updates to the game before purchasing Next Day: Survival. BUT, and its a big but, if the positives I listed in this review strike your fancy, I would snag a copy of Next Day."
76561198158299797,Recommended,519190,34780529,Posted: 6 September,all,Kim Jong Un,Definitely buy it if u want good survival gameLovely stalker feel no zombies lootable npcsi would say Dayz + Stalker - Dayz bugs There are some bugs but they are pretty funny like we got car run over a bear our car did 360 flip 10/10 with friends its definitely best multiplayer survival game and funny as hellRecommended 99% there isnt that much of a content but enough locations a lot of weapons but its still early acces so definitely buy it for 8.99 or wait for sale 4.99 and u will have the best cheap game
,Recommended,519190,34181640,Posted: 11 August,all,Dewderson,"Got killed by a hacker four times, the hacker then decimated the Looter base, making it clear he had hacks as he prefired a corner every time I came near it, eventually the hacker got bored of killing unarmed fresh spawns and left. The looters respawned, looted the NPC sentries and then praised the hacker via chat for all the free stuff. Hacker wasn't amused, came back and decimated the other five guys at the looter base and stole someones car. I don't know what happened after that since I ran away.6/10 would loot bodies and run away again.I wish steam reviews had a neutral option. I liked this game, even as it is now I'd recommend it over DayZ: Terminal Alpha in a heartbeat. But between hackers, a messed up health system and a quest system that gets you killed on PVP servers. I'd say that the game needs a lot of work. But to be fair, this is easily one of the most reasonably priced EA games I've seen. They could've easily slapped a $30 price tag on it and milked their consumers before leaving this EA title in the dumpster like so many other teams. So for that. I recommend it, just don't go into this expecting a flawless STALKER MMO or something."
,Recommended,519190,34056842,Posted: 6 August,all,#CHEEST3R -FiveM RP need staff!,"I've been liking this game a lot. It has small details that enriches this game, such as the animations. For example, when you get close to a campfire, your character automaticly raises his hands towards the fire and warm up. You have animations for equipping/unequipping your clothes, helmets, backpacks, and also various animations for eating, drinking, healing and taking meds.This game feels more like a survival game instead of a base building fast paced one. It feels smooth and the gameplay is great. I've been enjoying myself eating, getting myself some gear and storing it in the bank, hunting and doing campfires. It feels great.This has a LOT of potential for future roleplay servers. It has so much cool and simple animations.It is pretty good as an early acess game and I'm looking forward to see how it goes. The devs seems active and have been updating the game.I recommend it. It's not a BIG game as DayZ in terms of size, but It'll get there someday. :)"
,Recommended,519190,33839855,Posted: 27 July,all,One Rice Wonder,"Buy game,Load Game,Load bandit radio,CHEEKI BREEKI VI DAMKE!Find fellow Slavs,Squat and eat your chebureki together while sipping on a cold cup of kvass, jump in fire to show fellow Slavs you are invincible,wait 10 minutes,Leave the fire since you are still alive,Go squat on Vladmirs house and curse him with bad knees10/10 would squat again""Get out of here S.T.A.L.K.E.R.""But all jokes aside, I can't run this game since it's not optimized yet, can't wait for it to be optimized though so I can actually squat my way to victory"
,Recommended,519190,34071432,Posted: 6 August,all,Danny Nickelov,"I love this game.It's still alpha, and much work has to be done, but the concept so far and the gameplay is good for it's price."
76561198064364911,Recommended,519190,33889023,Posted: 29 July,all,seasider66,"BRILLIANT Game ..Go get it ,Im playing as a lone wolf sniping team looters is superb , map is kind of small but that gets you playing smarter more firefights , Highly Recommend !"
76561198115243223,Recommended,519190,33739756,Posted: 23 July,all,Hákon Hagensson,The Stalker online dream come true <3
,Recommended,519190,35141706,Posted: 22 September,all,Succ,"7/10graphics may not be that good,they are some bugs in the game cuz its only early access.they have more to fix so please wait.gameplay are awesome as you choose between 2 faction.killing is fun RECOMMEND TO BUY"
76561198215613145,Recommended,519190,34776988,Posted: 6 September,all,HotCabbageSalad,"I enjoy this game. I really do. Besides the trolls and aimbot accuracy of the NPCs. It's a fun game. There are a few""bugs"" i'd like to point out to the devs. At a certain range, bodies of players and NPCs disappear. Theres just a bunch of disembodied packs floating around. And you can't tell if you hit them when firing.Another thing, every time i log on, my looter missions begin anew. I get to the $$stash$$ mission, and as soon as i finish it, the antenna mission comes up. Which i've already done a few times.I've played both PvP and PvE. I would recommend the PvP, since its pointless to shoot at someone who isn't going to die.I'm excited to see the new map when it comes out. I would definitely recommend this game to a friend. Even in it's current state. I just hope your updates dont always include more weapons and loot. Theres already a ton of items to choose from. We dont need more ""stuff"". We need more confrontational missions. More reasons to engage opposing faction players, not just NPCs. On all the servers i've played, maybe 3 times i've seen a civvie come to bereski. Perhaps getting rid of the secondary looter camp would be better to promote confrontation in a city landscape.Edit 1: The new map is awesome. Definitely adds a challenge with the military camp. Very nice look to it. And the sounds that were added are a nice touch. The crows at the church scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.A couple issues i've ran across. Loot disappearing in storage after i just put it in and on one instance my game froze when loading between maps. Still a good game and a good update. Keep up the good work."
76561197995911949,Recommended,519190,33749372,Posted: 23 July,all,Git Gudenberg,"Your average survival game at first.What makes this different is that there are quests, factions and NPCs belong to either of them. Betraying members of your own faction will result in you being no longer able to trade, store itmes, and respawn in faction settlements for a period of ingame time.I do enjoy it so far."
,Recommended,519190,34703997,Posted: 2 September,all,Ancientbrute,"first time playing but not interesting>be me>be noob>walk around>do quests>get knife>do more quests>make gun>think invincible>do quest>in forest alone>sees wolf and shoots it>it runs away>scavanges for specific loot for quest>walking out of house>at front door>sees moving pixels>looks to my left>wolf waiting for me>gets mauled by it>it runs away as I stab it with my butter knife>bleeding to death>guy comes and saves the day>gives me armor>gives me w e p o n s>now invincible>do quests and join looters>finds people with APC>gets in their APC>goes on a ride>apc stops for no reason>confused.jpg>people get out>i get out>stopped above bunker>omg my face>enters>crashes>feelsbadman>omg so magical it S A V E D>spawns>bear spawned next to me>shoots with ak>bear dead>finds out near looter base>go to looter base>looters start shooting at me>im op>shoots>ak not shooting>switches gun>more op>finds out I was put to civi>almost died>walks to civi base>keeps trying to reload ak>ak not reloading>think guns able to jam so game realistic>looks in inventory>finds out the 5 mags I packed were for different ak>im dumb>storage not universal so has to walk to other base>encounters naked noob>gives water bottle, more important than clothes>sees another bear>BEAR SPEEDING TOWARDS ME>me trying to shoot bear not realizing i have the ak equipped>AHHH.JPG>switches>kills bear cause this other gun i don't know name of, op>sees wolf>no want to use op rifle ammo>has pistol>shoots pistol>pistol shooting faster than minigun>op>go home>cooks all that meat>the end>writes this>hopefully no one calls me dumb"
76561198130964869,Recommended,519190,33789999,Posted: 25 July,all,Vegas ♔,I was running with a British fellow who was gonna teach me how to become a civilian and I got shot and flopped dead to the floor by a civilian.Great Game 10/10
,Recommended,519190,33801880,Posted: 25 July,all,rexywilly,Really nice game.  Always rolling around killing everybody with my group of friends as looters.  Early alpha so they do need to fix a lot of things but none the less really nice.
,Recommended,519190,33854162,Posted: 28 July,all,Cpt. C. E. Langley,"I say to Leshiy, ""Comrade, you can't just sit outside of Locator all day and kill Bandit for sausage."" He respond, ""Hush Pashka, today we kill bandit, tomorrow we kill bandit maybe the day after we get some smokes from Cordon..."""
,Recommended,519190,33881205,Posted: 29 July,all,Captiannick,"I know i know i know... this game is Early eacess,,, But i have somethings that should get fixed :- NPC""s are to strong : In the traitor camp near the looter camp are the traitors too strong! They have only pistols and they kill you in only few shoots but if I shoot them it take like 4-7 shots to get that kill. And they aim is literally broken , all they shots hitme.- Toxic gas: The toxic gas in ""Litvinokvak"" is spawning randomly !- The helicopter quest at the begining : The helicopter quest at the begining is to hard , you don't have any weapons and there is alway a bear its almost impossible to finish that quest alone!- Bunker : The NPC's in the bunker are to strong too and they are randomly spawning infront of you! The Military entrace to the bunker is secured by 5-8 guards, i think that is to much and if you wan't to get out of the bunker on that side its impossible to get out of the house you will get shot trough the walls and trough the door you will die 100% if you dont go back to the bunker!- Bear : If you get out of the bunker near the Traitor camp then there will spawn a bear . Bears are to fast and to strong and they took to many bullets without dieing.- Random crashes : Sometimes if you get in to the bunker you will get kicked out from the server and you have to restart the game .- Server searching : if you wan't to play with some friends its really hard to find the same server becouze there are no searching options you have to get through all the server and it take really long .That was it ! But i still like it !"
,Recommended,519190,33745236,Posted: 23 July,all,Tanksy,"The game likes to throw really immersive and cool animations, health conditions and some really atmospheric stuff, but then other things throw me out, like there being no first person and the third person camera being not-so-good. It's got some great potential, but there needs to be some form of first person camera to really keep me."
,Recommended,519190,33787587,Posted: 25 July,all,JoshFridge,A beacon of hope for the survival genre.
76561198210111580,Recommended,519190,33790611,Posted: 25 July,all,jnrobb,"Next Day: Survival, is a really fun to play game. I bought this on sale for £6.30, and for and EA game, it was one of the best buys I have made.At first the game is a bit boring with all the task you have to complete. Dieing from colds and hypothermia is a bit of a set back, but once the devs have fixed this, I'm sure that it will make the game even more enjoyable than it all ready is.As long as the devs keep the updates coming out for this, and dont just forget about it in a year or so, then this could be a  AAA game."
,Recommended,519190,33792603,Posted: 25 July,all,黒い手,"Early access review: Well, for being in early access I must say the game is very well optimized. For my 8 hours of game time not once have i noticed any stutter or slowdowns, though i only played the Main mode. Will update the review as the game receives updates and i play more.Specs:i5 2400r9 380 2gb8gb ramAs far as the game well, each game has it's own flaws, and this one is no exceptionPros: Decent missions, well designed inventory system, great performance all wrapped up in a great looking (though small ) map.Cons: Considering it's still in very early, and i meanveryearly stages of development there are some quirks here and there. There is no slider for mouse sensitivity, the quality settings are in russian and there are no subtitles (yet) and the server browser is bone stock, meaning it has no option to filter out different game modes."
,Recommended,519190,33811701,Posted: 26 July,all,Liam0nster,"Great game, pay $7.49 to sit around a campfire for about 30 minutes.  But after that the game starts to actually start.  Lots of fun."
,Recommended,519190,33826632,Posted: 27 July,all,Brix,"Looks like Stalker, feels like Stalker.Of course its EA, so i will just support itand pray to the EA gods.Please take my money and create a Stalker like onlineexperience ive always dreamed of."
,Recommended,519190,33843244,Posted: 27 July,all,Coke Heals Men,"1. Join a Main server2. See a traiter shoot someone in the face3. Take his stuff.4. Also get shot in the domeGame has a lot of potential. You have 3 characters: Main, PvE, and Single Player. Although, the proportions of your arms to your body is funny."
,Recommended,519190,33886026,Posted: 29 July,all,HEYSOOS?,Its really good for 10 dollers
76561197993378758,Recommended,519190,33786513,Posted: 25 July,all,bah,"Honestly quite a nice game. Which comes as a surprise based on its price.Graphics aren't that great but aren't that bad either.Sound is pretty good, music in the game is quite nice, very rarely you have an online survival game with in-game (not main menu) music which adds a nice touch.The game has a really nice stalker vibe to it. it's pretty much stalker with dayz epoch mod mixed in.There are animations for every action, which is really nice.Quests & 2 factions to choose from.PVP & PVE servers.There are of course bugs & issues with the game, but it's understandable given that it's early access.The Map is a little small currently, but they will be expanding on that as the game progresses.Server cap is also a little small with max of 24 slots, however that I assume will also be expanded as the map grows larger and with further development down the line.Overall it has a ton of potential & for the price it's a steal!"
76561198147338900,Recommended,519190,33791434,Posted: 25 July,all,clout,","
76561198003679089,Recommended,519190,33796809,Posted: 25 July,all,TakeMyShit,I strongly suggest this game to a fans of stalker..nuff said
76561198194143175,Recommended,519190,33799298,Posted: 25 July,all,Aneurysm #BringBackZ1,surprisingly a good pvp game but lacks content at this stage
76561198027104286,Recommended,519190,33850885,Posted: 28 July,all,WatchfulJester,YOU CAN SQUATGood game so far. First person should be good once its in.Good S.T.A.L.K.E.R vibesCore mechanics and animation are pretty cool.Low on content but its Early Access.Fun with friendsHard alone.Solid performanceUses graphics that age well.Best $7-8 I have spent in a while.
76561197989728689,Recommended,519190,33681957,Posted: 20 July,all,[SA] ☣☠Bärsverker☠☣,"This game have great potential.Basically, you start off as a neutral, doing quests for the neutral faction.After that, you craft your first weapon.Later you go out to scavenge into the hazardous enviroment for food and water supplies.After that you can choose factions.Civilians: The passive faction, basically the faction that helps people and try their best to survive with quests etc.Looters: The negative faction kinda, they're looters and do everything for their own needs. They loot and kill on sight.More than that I don't know about the Looters at the moment.Neutral: As stated, the starting faction. They're neutral, they can be killed by any faction.Traitors: The faction that deserted their own faction (Looters or Civilians) By killing one of their own members. They're now stranded and are on their own to survive in the toxic wasteland. No one will show them mercy.That is all I've gathered so far, the game is a little clunky and buggy at the moment.The known issues I thought was an issue, is that if you get raidiated in the beginning, you can't do anything to cure it. Better to just put your items in the storage and die a horrible death.The starting area isn't protected, some trolls will kill you. (This isn't a problem tho.)To cure ""coldness"" you need to sit by a campfire for a looooong while, as you spawn without clothes you get cold really fast.My tips for new players is to find clothes and medicine asap when you spawn in.That is all for me folks, hope you found this helpful.I recommend this game because I see potential, and the community is really nice.PS: If you're European and want people to talk in english/american with you, join american servers. Because EU servers are mostly Russians.Thank you.-Barsverker"
,Recommended,519190,35084725,Posted: 20 September,all,B4Banana,Be me in town searching for lootsWolf trys bumb rushing meShoot kill itGunfire must of alerted sum one starts shooting at me with stormtrooper type aimingsum how misses every shotKill him get traitor status  lulGo hide in bush for 90mins  like bushwookie10/10 would shoot wolf again.
,Recommended,519190,34468657,Posted: 24 August,all,Tyrant T100,"What I have played of this game so far I have really enjoyed, the game feels like a mix between the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Series and the mass of the modern online survival game genre.One of the great things however if the game has both a PvP and a PvE mode, so if you want to play the game without worrying about players killing you, then this mode would be more suitable.You start the game just outside an abandoned barracks compound, inside are a couple of barracks blocks and tents, here you can get start the tutorial missions which reward you with some good starting gear for completing them, there is also a trader who can buy and sell items and act as a bank with limited storage space.In Next Day, if you die you lose all your possessions, they stay on your corpse, and you respawn outside of your faction base, get to your body in time and you can recover your gear, if not you will need to find your basic items again. The bank is useful because you can store additional loot there for backup loadouts if you die. However any skills you gained and plot progression is kept, so you can resume the story right where you left off.The tutorial missions teach you how to forage, search for items, craft a pipe rifle, and fight enemies.However there is a bit of an issue with one mission, you have to venture into a toxic swamp and kill a tough enemy, if you die you will be unable to recover your gas mask and NBC suit due to the toxic gas, so this mission is a bit unfair for new players.Once the tutorial missions are all complete, you will have some good basic gear, clothes, an AKM, a Tokarev pistol etc. You are then given the option of joining either the Looters (think Bandits from S.T.A.L.K.E.R.) or the civilians (Good guys). At this point, you will have access to different quest lines from different bases.Loot is randomised but there are areas that always seem to spawn certain types of items, so once you get to grips with the game you can always know where to find good starting gear.One complaint is that I wish in the safe areas your hunger and thirst wouldn't degrade, it's a bit irritating having to keep going to the well to drink between conversations with NPCs.Despite being in early alpha the game is in a very playable state, I have seen some typos but have not encountered any game breaking bugs or crashes. Although as mentioned earlier, the tutorial mission in the swamp really needs fixing, even if a simple warning was issued to get a better gun before attempting it.For the £9 this game currently costs it's great, it's not as good as the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Series but it at least reminds me of how great S.T.A.L.K.E.R. is. It's better than a lot of the Day-Z type games due to having the PvP and PvE options. If you simply want to do missions and explore you only have to worry about mutants and humanoid NPCs, not a clan of players or trigger-happy loners killing you over and over."
,Recommended,519190,34977572,Posted: 15 September,all,HΛLTΛN™,"I have to say,for and early access game,it's totally worth buying.It has a great community, the graphichs are good, and it's very fun to play.I highly recommend it to everyone...Great game..."
76561198071431080,Recommended,519190,33791885,Posted: 25 July,all,MR.Wolf,Better than dayz
,Recommended,519190,33841354,Posted: 27 July,all,Kerdi,I dont expected that for this price :OVery nice survival game :)
,Recommended,519190,33841922,Posted: 27 July,all,Tex,"Essentially a STALKER-Lite multiplayer survival game that ticks all the right boxes but also has lots of room for iteration and improvement, and I look forward to seeing the different locations they plan on adding and how it develops. Give it a try at the absurdly generous price point, this is crazy value."
76561197984186098,Recommended,519190,33848866,Posted: 27 July,all,Bubol Ripper,pretty fun with freinds would bang again 10/10
,Recommended,519190,33894459,Posted: 29 July,all,KyoDani,"Pleasantly surprised by this game, very cheap and has a bit of content. Well worth the low asking price. You can look at the other reviews to see what this game is like, but what I'm most happy with is the faction system. It's a nice balance of open-world survival without it being a total KOS fest. Civvies and neutrals are on good terms, looters kill civives and neutrals, traitors are shot on sight by everyone. Reminds me a bit of the faction system in STALKER. Though I found the first part/tutorial bits a slow burn cause looters be looters and pop you, while you barely have enough equipment to survive an hour as a fresh neutral."
76561198063990442,Recommended,519190,33779752,Posted: 24 July,all,Meatwing,"I got this game on sale for $7 but for $10 its not that bad. Honestly i really get an infestation vibe from this game. The animations are smooth the graphics arent all there though. It has a lot of items in the game aswell from kettles to ak47s. I remmeber my first kill was an Npc civilian i went up to him and smacked him with a sledgehammer and it was a one hit kill as he screamed in agony. Then on the screen popped up you have now been promoted to looter! I definitly recommend this game when its on a sale! I can only imagine how much fun this game would be with a friend! The community is also nice i first spawned in and this nice guy gave me a shotgun which i died 10 minutes later with. They even have a class system that ranks you from neutral, looter, traitor!9/10 Would kill a civilian again!"
,Recommended,519190,33824154,Posted: 26 July,all,BigfryTV,"I have only scratched the surface of this game, but I will say that I do somewhat enjoy what I played.This game has a LOOOOONG way to go before its done, BUT they are already doing things that other survival games don't. My video impressions are at the end of the review!Pros- Questing System- Performance, Framerate are great. 60 FPS, and never dipping under 50 FPS- Server lag is non existant.- Community seems helpful- Pricing is right!Cons- Movement is clunky, but not bad- UI is pretty basic- AI Movement is clunky- Game is early, and shouldn't launch in September yethttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix2ZgbXxECA"
,Recommended,519190,33751857,Posted: 23 July,all,Cyri,"As you can see comrade, a world without the apocalypse is just capitalist propaganda."
76561198054291037,Recommended,519190,34176000,Posted: 11 August,all,[IYI] SultanShaheen,لعبة روعة تستحق 10\10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KlnNYYCQmA
76561198418082010,Recommended,519190,34954903,Posted: 14 September,all,Zef Side,"This game is the REAL DEAL. If you are a true ""Survival Genre Fan"", you DEFINETELY need to get this game. It's literally one of the best! Not for the faint hearted. This game is hardcore and unforgiving. Only a couple of months into steam and the devs are listening to the playerbase and showed great promise. Stay slav!"
,Recommended,519190,33845676,Posted: 27 July,all,grishin_,"Currently this game doesn't offer a lot of replayability... The map is small, there are only a few quests, and not much to do after you've got a bunch of guns and currency.However.... This game shows a lot of promise and hopefully it will deliver. I played a lot in the past few days so I may have burned myself out a little. For the price, you can get quite a few hours of entertainment in its current state."
,Recommended,519190,33744327,Posted: 23 July,all,:ZeroInterface:,"The game runs smooth with good frame rate on high.I have not come across any game breaking bugs.Feels immersive with some russian Dialogue/Text.The World Enviroment looks exactly as Advertised.There are Quests, Crafting and Faction Safezones with Alignment Systems - Civilian/Neutral/Looter/TraitorReasonably Priced at £8.99 (£6.74 on sale) it is deffinetly worth buying."
,Recommended,519190,33803173,Posted: 26 July,all,Crippling Depression,.
,Recommended,519190,34030052,Posted: 4 August,all,The General,ah nu cheeki breeki iv damke
,Recommended,519190,33863756,Posted: 28 July,all,your completely random jtluk,i literally vomited on two cheeki breekis.
,Recommended,519190,33980511,Posted: 2 August,all,GefahrDurchNeger,DayZ + S.T.A.L.K.E.R. = Next Day: Survival
76561198032509981,Recommended,519190,33964672,Posted: 1 August,all,Nightingale,Arma II: DayZ Mod + S.T.A.L.K.E.R. = Next Day: Survival
76561198093482112,Recommended,519190,33867994,Posted: 28 July,all,Gangstaw,"I really wanted to write a review about this one survival game here's why :Of all of the survival games that I played, this one is the only (I think) one for now where people really ""play"" the faction game.I played this game for the first time today, alone and struggled to do some quest where I needed to kill some ak47 looters (looters : enemies of the civilians) with a good ol makarov, the second time I showed up to the looter location, some other civilan dude (civilians : the faction I was in) was on the other side of the location and started lighting these ♥♥♥♥ers up with an ak, I took the opportunity to shoot some looters in the back, we took em all down. After the fight the dude went up to me, put his ak on his back and told me I could take the loot from some of these looters. So, yeah a frendly encounter I know it happens in other survival games but it isn't really common at least for me.Some time later when I had to go to a toxic zone I just saw another civilian dude in the civilian camp and asked him to go with me cause I didn't want to go alone and he didn't seem to have anything to do, he went with me and handed me his gas mask so I'd have an easier time, we went there, he waited for me outside the zone and escorted me back in the civilian zone. Yeah two friendly encounters in a row.Again, some time later, I needed to clear a town of some looters and saw another random civilian dude, I asked him what he was doing and he told me that he was gonna do the same quest as me, so we went there together, killed two looters each and I also killed a bear cause why not now that I had a sweet AKM, I almost died after taking some shots (4hp + bleeding) and got a steam archivement for that xD. Yeah I would have died alone, then we just went our ways.I also saw two civilians in the wild running with their rifles, we basically aimed at each other, saw that we were both civilians, lowered our weapons maybe yelled a ""sup dude"" and continued running.So yeah I just had a surprising amount of good encounters in a short amount of time, that's why I wanted to write a review : I think the community is the MOST important thing in games like this and for now this one clearly has it. And yeah of course the encounters between the opposing factions must be pretty harsh but what's a ""dayz like"" or ""multiplayer stalker"" or whatever without some PVP right? And when you kill dudes from your faction you become a traitor and have no friends also."
,Recommended,519190,33796751,Posted: 25 July,all,Hyperdrive ✪ Zeyoko,"Let me start of with the worst problem, It has alot of bugs. Alot of unfriendly players and somethings being in russian, no good instructions and the gunsounds are not clear from where they come from. But I have faith most of this will be fixed, it has been a few days since it released anyways.Some good parts are that the survival system is realistic, you have fun quests, when you get sick or get tired of running you have a realistic animation, good graphics, fun gameplay, smaller map so you run into more people, Groups and a great idea for a game.I hope this bugs will be fixed so this game wil be even better. It's one of the better games I have played so far and for this price I will really recommend this game."
,Recommended,519190,33895714,Posted: 29 July,all,Rix,10/10 <3
,Recommended,519190,33801515,Posted: 25 July,all,Mexican,Awesome game amazing price!! Reminds me of Stalker!
,Recommended,519190,34067629,Posted: 6 August,all,Namjoon Olle,"a guy gave me his car,showed me his♥♥♥♥♥♥shot my car till it broke and then threw a bomb at me and shot me10/10"
76561198076051848,Recommended,519190,33845268,Posted: 27 July,all,Bakedheadhunter,Good immersion/atmosphere. Working quests. Full loot PvP. CHEEKI BREEKI
,Recommended,519190,33883275,Posted: 29 July,all,Izh,"This game is pretty great tbh, I recommend this game to people who like Metro and Stalker.Rate: 9.5/10"
76561198281089640,Recommended,519190,33886247,Posted: 29 July,all,MrMcGibblets04,"So, if you're like me and have tried multiple survival games like DayZ and Miscreated but couldn't get into either of them for various reasons, this game might be for you. Although this game isn't perfect, it definitely hits some points that I felt the games mentioned above missed out on.First thing that got my attention about this game was the trading/storage system. For me, there was nothing worse than looting for hours only to find a couple crap guns and a handful of ammo, only to be killed by some idiot taking pot shots with his sniper rifle from 700m away, causing you to lose ""everything"" that you had accumulated. Some people would say, ""Well, tough rocks"", and sure, the people who fought past the grind to find some serious loot deserve to have some fun. I get it. But for some people, like myself, there needs to be some balance that comes with that. In Next Day, the balance comes with the storage system. Now, you are able to hold all of your belongings safely in their own settlement without worry of losing accumulated items to random players/griefers. This means that if you lose some high tier gear, it was your own fault for toting said loot around. In addition to the storage, you can also purchase items from the trader. This allows people to stock up on weapons and ammo by simply doing supply runs, even if it's just by accumulating low end merch., you can pretty much adult your way to creating a pretty sizeable stash. Side note: From what I've seen, any loot that is accumulated in a server will be transferred to a new server so there is no need to remember what server you had been playing on previously.The next thing that stood out was the lack of zombies (thank God). Instead, you are mercilessly attacked by rabid wolves, rogue bears and AI bots with machine guns. Oh, and the cold. In fact, most people who have downvoted the game were probably people who couldn't find clothing fast enough (donate some clothes to your local naked survivors btw), and honestly, once you find the proper attire is when the game can actually be enjoyed. The gunplay is good enough, but dont go in expecting PUBG or something of the like. The graphics are about as potato as they can get, but the animations of character actions are great. There are hidden bunkers within the map which are essentially raids and allow players to team up and try to get some of the best loot in the game. There are vehicles which drive like garbage, but hey, they are there.Factions keep the game (for the time being) from turning into one giant cluster as they give players an incentive to help their own, while giving them all a common enemy. Now, it wouldn't be an open world survival without some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s ignoring the natural order of things, but the devs had a plan for that too. Any player who murders indiscriminately will be labeled as a traitor, and will be fair game for Civilians, Looters and Neutrals alike. My run ins in the game have been mostly positive with people giving me free gear and food while also offering advice. Each individuals experience can vary greatly though, so please be aware.A lot of people have had issues with the map size. Currently, 24 players is the max you can have on a server on a map that is essentially 1/16th the size of something like DayZ or Miscreated. You do have the ability to jump on a server that has a lower max player count in order to make run ins with other players less likely, but I personally like the amount of run ins I have on the map. It keeps things interesting. In this instance, it reminds me of PUBG without the closing electrical ring. Speaking of PUBG, this game does have a battle royale mode in the works, so please keep an eye on that. As for the modes that are fully operational, you have the choice of running a single player campaign, PvE and PvP servers.In the end, I think the game is definitely worth $10 and might actually be a good investment if the devs decide to keep improving upon the game. This recommendation comes with a caveat though: FINDING CLOTHES AND SITTING BY A FIRE FOR THE FIRST PART OF THE GAME IS IMPERATIVE. Many of my friends got turned off by the game bc they couldn't understand the simple concept of hypothermia. Wait until daylight to do quests/look for clothes. Otherwise, you're gonna have a bad time. There really is so much more to this game that I haven't mentioned, so if you're reading this and have any other praises/words of warning, leave a message. I really do think that the game deserves a fair shake instead of just being labeled another DayZ clone."
,Recommended,519190,33885563,Posted: 29 July,all,prophyz,"This is what all the other Stalker online games should have been like. While it does feel very unfinished, you can already see the potential this game has. For the asking price it's a complete steal.This game does so much right, it's just a matter of time and it will be even more awesome.If you like survival games, you can't go wrong with this one (the price is a joke, compared to what you get). In my mind they could easy charge you with around 15 $ or even more... so yeah.A sophisticated crafting system-without skillful hands you can do nothing in the wild.  An easy and convenient system allows you to create the necessary items needed for survival. You can create the tools and weapons necessary for survival as well as restore cars.-There are a variety of game modes. Basic-game mode combines SURVIVAL and RPG. Single-the opportunity to play alone in basic mode. PVE-is almost identical to basic except for the possibility of inflicting damage upon other players. Last Survivor-the action of this mode takes place in an area contaminated by a toxic fog and time is limited!-Quests in survival. The presence of quests gives a player certain objectives and each group has its own line of quests apart from the basic ones-the delivery of items, killing animals, NPCs or temporary task. There are quests that allow players to collide in real-time.-Reputation and group affiliation. A player receives reputation points for killing other players or NPCs. This is determined by his affiliation with one group or another.  The player himself has the right to choose which side he wants to be on.Do you recommend this game? Hell yeah I do, one of the best surprises this year so far.Developer: SOFF GamesPublisher: Last LevelThanks for this gem guys, seems there is hope for good games !https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kkxT3cdOOQ"
76561198086698070,Recommended,519190,33758903,Posted: 23 July,all,[RCF]deth1981,The wolves are tougher than the Military. Would poop my joggers again.
,Recommended,519190,33744531,Posted: 23 July,all,KaDo,"Well worth the money. Plays really good for early Alpha. Had a few Server disconnects, but nothing bad. I reccomend you buy this game if you're familiar with DayZ. Only this actually works and is a steal at this price."
,Recommended,519190,33943423,Posted: 31 July,all,cheesycheese5,"This game is mixed emotions. For a 10 dollar survival game it is the best thing ever. The community is nice and usually help except for bad apples who camp the safe zone. and looter zone trying to bait for traitor. The guns are weird with npcs taking more shots than normal people, so its annoying. This games rpg feel makes it fun to go to the next quest and the risk of the people. Right now its a good game but watch out for the bad apples and getting fustrated with npcs.8/10"
,Recommended,519190,33917886,Posted: 30 July,all,Snoxy | 🅵🆃🅿,I bought it and cant play itbecause it doenst load10/10would buy it againedit: Its working now
76561198275415000,Recommended,519190,33993970,Posted: 3 August,all,Tatti,good game.. hope devs will keep updating this game..
,Recommended,519190,33744442,Posted: 23 July,all,✯ NiNjA ✯™,awesome game BEST MONEY IVE SPENT. cant get off it. dont listen to these plebs its not all in russian. all text are in english. missions work looting works storage shop it all works well. i love every bit of this game.
,Recommended,519190,33781591,Posted: 25 July,all,Aimbelma,"After around 23 hours on this game I can say it's a really good one, the PVP is real fun and with the right people it'll keep you on your toes. I've gotten around to go through the Bunker which is this games raiding instance. The Bunker is real hard to do solo and with a team (Unless you've been bless with a Gauss Rifle and great gear). Which makes team work actually feel like it matters and that's good.I've also defended my base from attackers, sniping them from the windows in the Radar dish (Looter base) and when I ran out of SVD ammo I held the gate with the NPCs and the fellow Looters and it was really fun doing so. Once the Civs were pushed back and ran we assulted their base and that is also real fun to do.The PVE is also great, I scav'd around with a buddy of mine and came back to the neutral zone and made a lot of money selling my wares to the venders and the NPCs that attack you (Looters, Civs (Depends on Faction), Traitors, Wolves, and Bears) They actually pose a threat to you instead of killing them in one shot you have to seek cover and such, when you get shot use a gauze to stop bleeding and then a med-kit to regain your health.This game is a whole lot of fun and I really hope that it'll go far.10/10Edit: Rewrote the review after getting more gameplay done.Edit 2: Updated hours played"
,Recommended,519190,33804618,Posted: 26 July,all,CSGODUCK.com CSGONERF.com,"Next Day: Survival is a new post-apocalyptic survival game released in 20th of July. As I've played through my first 1.5 hours I can tell that this game is pretty good already even when it's in Early Access stage. Down below you can see the good (+) and bad (-) things about this game. Remember: This game is not finished, so take the bad things about this game lightly.+ Pretty big map to play on+ Three modes: Main, PVE (same as Main but players can't kill each other I think) and Survival+ Fully working NPCs (hostile NPCs will shoot at the player, are accurate, can reload, will hide behind cover if approached by a player, drop items if killed, they can even patrol certain areas, can talk, have their own lines)+ All regions are supported+ Many guns, melee weapons, clothing and tools to find+ Every single item in the game has a purpouse+ Working real-life mechanics (what I mean is you can get cold by not wearing clothes for too long, you will walk slower if wounded, there is bleeding, radiation, etc.)+ Innovative faction system (based on your reputation you will be able to join various factions, good or bad)+ You can make groups with various players (players CAN hurt each other, if someone kills an ally he becomes a traitor, killing him gives bonus XP)+ I think there is a crafting system in the game (since you can collect branches, various parts and kill animals as well)- You can get stuck randomly on objects (for example you can get stuck between a fence and a car if there is no space to go through)- NPCs, although fully working, have some flaws (if you hide behind an object of some sort they will forget that you're even there, it's impossible to sneak around them, which makes it hard to kill them without a gun, the lines of dialogue they say gets pretty boring after a while, since there's only four lines a hostile NPC can say)- Some of the HUD is in Russian- Russian only dialogue- Upon some weird magic a fence made out of wooden planks is bulletproof, while doors are like air for bullets to pass through ¯\_(ツ)_/¯- Male player models are weirdly wide in shoulders compared to their arms- I haven't seen any vehicles what so ever- There is no way of finding a gun unless you find a crate lying somewhere or somehow kill an NPC with a melee weapon- Pretty hard to find clothing sometimes-Third person onlyIn my opinion, Next Day: Survival is a great alternative to games like DayZ (8 euros vs. 23 euros is quite a difference). I reccomend anyone who likes post-apocalyptic games to play it. It will be worth it."
76561197991142772,Recommended,519190,33741203,Posted: 23 July,all,rgsoda,"This game is amazing. It's like S.T.A.L.K.E.R but better. Sounds, graphics are amazing. Gameplay also is fantastic. I spend just 6h in this game. Whole 6h was amazing. I keep my finger cross to see full version. To Devs: you already did great job! Do not stop, You are doing great job in my opinion."
,Recommended,519190,33779846,Posted: 24 July,all,FoG,It's a good game. Even it's in Early Access game but it's good. Their Dev's are really helpful. They always replay you on FB.Play and Huge Fun.
76561198235929616,Recommended,519190,33781606,Posted: 25 July,all,alonuchka,good game
76561198032355860,Recommended,519190,33759914,Posted: 23 July,all,Aleijoop,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )
,Recommended,519190,33788880,Posted: 25 July,all,Servo,"Very nice and satisfying game for a person like me who loved S.T.A.L.K.E.R. but prefers mostly multiplayer games these days!  You can also play single player.  If this seems intriguing to you as it did to me, you will find a little more detail on some things below but I highly recommend this game for the right type of person.It's like S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Shadow of Chernobyl or Call of Pripyat with optional online play which involves randomly spawning loot, persistent characters across game types, and a number of various servers where you can connect to whichever one you want in your region -  3 modes, Main (pvp/pve), PvE, and Single (player) with other options in the future.You have Russian-speaking NPCs who hang around camps like in the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games who will give you quests, a trader to barter (in both main camps I've been at so far) for all the things you have scavenged for, survival elements like hunger/thirst/body temp - and then of course many types of firearms/melee weapons/ammo as well as 3 factions to decide who to join: you begin neutral, and become a Civilian or Looter.  Morality system flags players who attack someone from their own faction as TRAITOR and can be killed with no repercussions.  You can form groups with other players, group members cannot harm each other.I am very glad this game exists and so are a couple thousand other concurrent players, don't miss out if this is your kind of thing!"
,Recommended,519190,33741863,Posted: 23 July,all,Commissar Vodka,"Cheeki Breeki Simulator 2017!My friend Dimitri and myself first made it into these lands by accident! (Stupid Dimitri told us we were going to KFC, What fool he is! But don't mind him.. He hit head as child!)So we go around new camp, say hello to other Cheeki Breeki Comrades, Find good friend Dejan and others who were nice enough to give us some equipment. (Dimitri tried to sucki sucki Dejan! But don't mind him.. He hit head as child!)So we go around the land, shooting looters and picking up airdrops. Having good time! But we need Car! So we decided to go to Civilan camp. (But Dimitri was not civilan.. He was Traitor so he wasn't allowed to go on! But don't mind him.. He hit head as child!)Long story short.. Game is good! Dimitri not as much! (But don't mind him.. He Hit Head AS CHILD!)10/10 IGN! <3"
76561198120696949,Recommended,519190,33780706,Posted: 24 July,all,Slug,"Great game. Roleplay is awesome, cant wait for more faction war type things, and more quests for each side. The cons are currently the ammo, which takes getting used to, I hope it gets changed. Lots of weapons, fun combat, lots of stuff to do. Better then any survival game I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,519190,33804578,Posted: 26 July,all,✠Greek and proud ✠,"I went and shot 5 people with my AK, then went home and played this game"
76561198065240945,Recommended,519190,33671481,Posted: 20 July,all,goatrance5207,"So, for one hour - is a game with a great potencial. Yes, I sen that developers have to work and you can`t see a great graphics, but in this game you can have fun right now, many intersting mechaniks and many fast and hot battles!"
,Not Recommended,519190,34049780,Posted: 5 August,all,NZ_Balrog,"Developers need to think a lot about what they're doing in this game. In its current state, it's extremely unaccessible for new players.There's absolutely no help/hints/info on deciphering the information in the UI. I have a green plus sign showing and my character is complaining about his health getting worse. Where is my overall health metre? Nowhere, one doesn't exist. Is green not so bad, and the colours will change to yellow and then red, so it would be a waste to use a medkit now while it's green? Who knows? (Most other players don't know to answer, either.) Now a picture of a stomach has appeared next to the plus sign. Presumably I'm sick? How do I become unsick so I stop throwing up? There's no indication of what you could possibly do.The inability to decipher information in the UI isn't the worst aspect, though. There are several newbie quests you have to complete before getting into the main (real) part of the game. These quests have enemy animals (wolf, bear) that seriously injure or kill you with just a few hits. The quality of guns you have at this early stage give you no real chance of surviving these attacks on your own. And when you die, you respawn at the camp in your underwear -- so now you are in worse shape than when you had your weak gun because you have absolutely nothing at all. Another player told me he kept dying from the bear until a higher level player went out to the quest site and killed the bear for him. He offered to come along with me and do the same. He killed the bear, but not before the bear killed me. By the time I got back to the quest site (mere minutes), the bear had respawned so I died again and my equipment was gone. Other players in-game at the time universally confirmed that you needed a higher level player to come with you for the combat in order to complete this quest. For a newbie starting quest. Really? What's the point of that? Where's the fun in that?I'm sure there's a lot to work on, but devs need to focus on the experience for new players in order to draw them in. Arming them with adequate information to understand the UI and providing newbie quests that are actually capable of being completed by a newbie so they provide a learning experience need serious attention."
,Recommended,519190,34841355,Posted: 9 September,all,Cazador,died to a bear
,Recommended,519190,33722031,Posted: 22 July,all,✪Jordan5727,"Really enjoying the game so far, for $10 you can't go wrong."
76561198182346295,Recommended,519190,33727742,Posted: 22 July,all,firelight44,"omg this game is so good. if you like dayz and other games like it you will like this. it also has singleplayer mode. ""single mode"" and it had ai bots that have loot like guns and cloths and ammo.8/10"
,Recommended,519190,33714277,Posted: 22 July,all,Skel,"Addicting, it seems like there's endless things to do ranging from joining new factions, completing new quests, pve, pvp, etc."
,Recommended,519190,33700325,Posted: 21 July,all,Veterano Rojo,"Initial impressions: Early Access Survival that plays really well. And for the price, it's totally worth it.After a few quests: The game has a great idea in mind but it's hard to get around it when you are new to the game. The AI goes between you don't exist VS Full war against you.A word of advice... get the Makarov quick.And the community so far, not that toxic, but I encounter a phony griefer that was on my side, and the only thing I was able to do to mute him, was silence voice chat and hide the chat log.There should be a mute button, at least on the P Screen.The game is definitely tough but it's fun to play if you are into Hardcore Survival."
76561198154183269,Recommended,519190,33734621,Posted: 22 July,all,暴风storm wind,"It's good, I like it. but we really need chinese plz"
,Recommended,519190,33723675,Posted: 22 July,all,Vent3r,"A game that took Dayz at its core with a smaller engine and made it a bigger game, proving that simple and effective is better than complex and perfect, these developers are doing a great job, thank you SOFF Games"
76561198038957396,Recommended,519190,33722094,Posted: 22 July,all,Mephedrone,Pretty much a better DayZ but smaller.
,Recommended,519190,33732420,Posted: 22 July,all,Chuck E Cheese,"At first there were some things I disliked about this game, but I kept playing and I grew to really enjoy it! This game is a great little slice of the survival genre. I have only played singleplayer, but I really enjoy it, and plan to play multiplayer if friends of mine also get it. For 7 dollars you really will not regret it."
76561198130754076,Recommended,519190,33731369,Posted: 22 July,all,Limeni,"Well after 4 h in i think im hooked,this game is a gem,it is hard and it can be frustrating at times but the gameplay,looting,doing quests while trying not to get killed and loose your gear,figuring out the game,looking every building for new things,cosmetics etc etc..it all pay's off ..i bought this game just because it was on sale,not knowing what a great time i will have..and 1 thing suprised me big time,this game has,at least for me, smooth frame rate,considering its a survival/pubg/stalker/pve/pvp kinda shooter i was sure frame rate will be low ...but for me steady 70-110..-oh and best thing is you can set how many ppl you want on map with you..or you can go solo...so if you get frustrated with noobs killing you out of your safe zone...just go to a server with fewer ppl or go solo...i hope this game grows and i know i will support it"
,Recommended,519190,33697837,Posted: 21 July,all,Alyn Cheliosu,"Stalker with multiplayer, some menus are in russian but does it really matter? YOU CAN EVEN SQUAT! The atmosphere of this game is so good it makes you want to roleplay, players are so friendly. I really recommend you buy this game. It's cheap and good"
,Recommended,519190,33779291,Posted: 24 July,all,Yavanna,"Be me, new at game, told to go to clinic to get medicineGet sidetracked and loot apartment complexlittle did i know that this was a russian gameinstantly find a ushanka, sneakers and jeans and a ""stalker jacket""Anu cheeki breeki iv damkeGet closer to clinic, one last house to lootFind 2 shotguns, western spy madeFind 0 bulletsinstant fear and regretEntire npc town I got quest from may be western spiesDo the quest anyway, forgot I took painkillers on the way back ( ♥♥♥♥ wolves )Find a camp on way back, campfire lit but no one there.Find a Dragunov, instant bonerno bullets, cant kill self without a bullethead back to civillian campCant complete quest without all itemsCry while squatting at a campfire as some dude plays guitar10/10 ultimate homeless slav simulator"
,Recommended,519190,33792805,Posted: 25 July,all,CL34R | ClearNet,"Although i don't have many hours on this, i would still say it is well worth the money. Fun missions and quite a lot to do considering this came out very recently. If you're struggling to find a game i would certainly buy this!"
76561198128166465,Recommended,519190,33775646,Posted: 24 July,all,Driftingquote,"A WELCOMING SURPRISE, a rough diamond with real potential.So... to start out:I am someone who loved the STALKER series (currently still playing the Call of Chernobyl mod) and has had lots of fun in the past with games like DayZ and Miscreated. So when I came across this game in the store and saw a post-apoclyptic/ post-fallout game that was a survival game, I was intrigued. I thought it would just be another DayZ but in Russia with pretty dated graphics. But then I found out that there were PvE elements mixed in with the survival multiplayer, then I knew I had to check it out. I've always wanted a STALKER game to have THIS type of multiplayer so when I bought it I was ready to dive in...I got this game with a buddy of mine and we played together. Within the hour I already was hooked. Just like in DayZ and especially in STALKER you earn your own ""STALKER story"" or unique experience that truly entales why these games are so great, and in that first hour- I earned mine.My friend and I had decent equipment with me leading our journey into an abandoned two-story building. We made sure to lay low and keep our head lights off as to not alarm anyone inside. With caution, I entered through the rottened door. With one step I heard faint voices upstairs. I could make out three voices. My friend and I were frozen, laying to rest all noise that would alert them to our position. As we waited we heard one of the voices yell out, ""That's all I have bro."" It seems one of them was being robbed by the other two. We crept slowly upeach step of the stairs as their distant voices grew louder and clearer. Breaching the top of the stair case we could see them. The victim facing us as he was on his knees with hands draped against the back of his head. His capturers, backs against us with one looking through his bag- the other aiming his sights at the captive. I waved at the surrendered man (ya I know kind of dumb but I found this whole situation too good to be true; plus I need to make sure he could see me). As we sat there, wondering what we should do, one of the looters said, ""Okay, so what do we do with this filth"" (I love that these guys were RPing because that's my favorite part of these games). The other turned away from the bag and aimed his makarov at the victim's face. ""The only reasonable thing to do, my friend,"" as he checked his pistol for its amount of rounds (to make it more dramatic lol, this was too good to see. These guys were too into it- I loved it). Just before he could pull the trigger, the captive yelled out with urgency and dispair, ""HELP!"" In no time, my buddy and I unloaded a cascade of rounds into the two looters. The two lied dead on the ground. The last remaining stranger stood up and thanked us. He turned around to grab his stuff......then my buddy gave him six rounds in the back. We looted their bodies, went outside, and sat next to the guitar guy for awhile!This GAME IS AWESOME.If your into STALKER this game blends the two worlds perfectly and gives that multiplayer STALKER vibes that we've been looking for. I can't wait to see future updates for this game.A must buy for only 10$ (I got it on sale for 7$)."
76561198065828517,Recommended,519190,33727886,Posted: 22 July,all,GOD FEARING,"Great early access game! especialy for the price of 7 bucks! i was going into this game thinkin it was going to be like every early access game,♥♥♥♥♥♥ i was wrong not bad at all game runs smooth on my gtx 1050 ti."
76561198143959914,Recommended,519190,33733052,Posted: 22 July,all,Ouki,"Decent fun game so far, the atomsphere is great and the setting is interesting. The game itself, its easy to get loot and stay alive and survive, didnt meet much players to die from but its immerisive and enjoyable, even more so with a friend. Theres a lot of ways to make money too and you'll be set up with some nice gear with like 2 hours of gameplay (once you beat initial quests)Although to be frank, needs A LOT of work, I heard they plan to release full game in september which sounds insane, currently needs a lot of work to animations, graphics and character customisation would be nice. When your character drinks he drinks from an invisible bottle or something and the walking animation is far too slow.Also cant understand a word the npcs are saying lolBut I think it has a lot of potential to do well in this genre.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,519190,33793528,Posted: 25 July,all,GreenM8,"R.I.P every single DayZ-like gameLong Live ""Next Day"""
76561197974315887,Recommended,519190,33800659,Posted: 25 July,all,Yurizle,I will say that this game is a pretty good mixture of Miscreated and Stalker and if this game develops further it will be a very promising title but it must absolutely get a first person mode because 3rd person is for children and is unacceptable in 2017
,Recommended,519190,33806411,Posted: 26 July,all,Defanos,If you like Stalker youll like this.
,Recommended,519190,33814054,Posted: 26 July,all,FloomingGonzo,"You know what im actually really enjoying the game so far, im getting the S.T.A.L.K.E.R vibe which is great!60+fps Ultra settings which btw aint nothing considering the game does look really poor they need to up the graphics big time!.Map is very small in my opinion it needs to be atleast 3-4 times bigger!Game comes with bugs and crashes ect everything you would expect from an early access game.Sort the graphics out make the game much bigger with more content and i can see this game being really big.I personally would of made the game more expensive just so i would have more money to up the game i think its too cheap! yes i just said that but that worries me as its a potential cash grab and run. Russian developers are known to do this but hopefully these devs can prove me wrong.Definitely worth the price."
76561198356881627,Recommended,519190,33819348,Posted: 26 July,all,boostedtincan,"Intense hardcore survival, like the mechanics, needs more contect, overall good game A+"
,Recommended,519190,33794334,Posted: 25 July,all,THOT SLAYER,Obviously very early access but shows a lot of promise. Already more enjoyable to me than DayZ is.Great amount of content for the current sale price of $7.49. Needs a lot of bug fixes but the dev team looks to be up to the challenge. Looking forward to what this game could be in the future.
,Recommended,519190,33794550,Posted: 25 July,all,Jmonday,"For the amount of reviews on the game, some people aren't doing too well explaining it.Don't expect to be handed everything, you need to use teamwork, common sense and tactility to get weapons, armor and food.I have an i5 CPU @ 3.4 GHZ, Nvidia 1060 and 16 gigs of ram, I can run everything @ 1080 on a smooth 120 fps. I have not experienced 1 crash yet.BEWARE ENTERING BUNKERS! I've seen lots of people frequently crash from entering them. I haven't crashed but I found that's the most common one.Some NPCs are insanely hard to kill. Unless you are in a group, prepare to tactically work around killing them, they can be very tough, the military being the hardest of them all.I feel that this will be a game changer.PositivesPVE/PVP/SP Game ModesFactions (Looter, Traitor, Civilian)Group System(invite players into your group, shows their location on map, you cannot do damage to them)Item Banking (store items in a bank) and Traders(advise going to the civilian trader for good buy/sell prices)Food/Water/Sickness/Bleeding/Hypothermia System with a Positive ImpactSurvival Feeling with Animal ElementsFrequent Social Interactions with Other PlayersWeapon VarietyQuest Based GameplayFrequent Server Based Events (air drops)Plenty Area to ExploreSettlement Raids (can raid each others settlements for gear, weapons and loot)Vehicles (players normally do taxi services to the common camps)Clothing and ArmorWildlifeCrouching, Proning, Nealing, Sitting mechanics along with F1-5 Animations.Random Spawning of Loot, Weapons, Medical Supplies and Clothing. Food is somewhat predictable.NegativesSteep Learning CurveNPCs having godlike aimNPCs Take Forever to Die (5-10 AKM shots when it takes around 4 to kill yourself) Military are even worseAccuracy On Weapons (accuracy is terrible compared to the NPCs, every 1-2 shots will be missed)Wolves are seriously dangerous and hit hard and tank heavy rifle damage (3-4 AKM shots)Not Enough Weapon CustomizationUnable to Edit KeybindingsNo Full Screen Window ModeIssues with Settlement Musicians Playing the Guitar Too LoudGlitched Voice Chat (happens a few times during a 5-7 hour session)Only 3rd Person PerspectiveFor an alpha game I'm pretty amazed. I'm actually thinking the game will leave early access on time. The devs really do care about the game.I would definitely recommend this game for the current price. It's got a Stalker esc feel with Arma 2 graphics.I honestly love the survival aspect. Adding zombies or mutants would make this game insanely challenging, but I do love it how it is. PVE is always interesting, PVP is definitely fun in some crazy firefights.I definitely would recommend this for those who are into PVP games."
,Recommended,519190,33819017,Posted: 26 July,all,Simplegod,ked si fanusik stalkera tak urcite odporucam
76561198057558957,Recommended,519190,33798479,Posted: 25 July,all,Handsome Killer Stoat,"Almost 24h in and I love it, even tho AI sometimes seems way too strong PVE and PVP is fun. Killing and looting is satisfying. Would appreciate if there were more NPCs in the world making looting a bit harder, maybe even NPCs that charge you with melee weapons, bc as I said a lot of the times the kill you instantly, especially at mid range. Vehicle driving can sometimes be frustrating, like getting stuck with an APC on a wodden fence. But I think the dev team will be able to fix all the current bugs and keep the game fresh.One things that bugs me is when aiming at people from the distance the weapons have so much sway making shooting sniper rifles and assault rifles kinda tough, unless prone which makes you almost completly immobile, and that people from hostile factions can get into your vehicle.That being said, I recommend this game to every survival game lover, if you dont like PVP you can simply join a PVE server and have fun alone or with friends."
76561197973770408,Recommended,519190,33825595,Posted: 26 July,all,kr00m,"If the devs continue to patch the game it should retain a healthy player base. Currently, the game is in a playable state. They need to add keybinds, fix voip bug, and players getting stuck in the bunker (raid content). If they follow-up with fixes I think this is worth the asking price if you’re looking for a STALKER/Dayz hybrid.The game focuses on pvp/pve and loot; no base building, few crafting recipes, no zombies (enemies are wolves, bears, human AI, and of course other players). In addition, there is six vehicles that can be repaired and driven.Unlike Dayz, the map small enough that you will run into others player and no zombies clipping through walls.Unlike Rust, no base building or bank looting so you don’t have to worry about your stuff when you log out.Cheeki Breeki!"
76561198190957043,Recommended,519190,33717922,Posted: 22 July,all,SpinFire,"Good game feels like Escape from Tarkov/ Dayz, But Needs work Bug Fixing/ Optimzation. Needs First Person, Weapon Customizaton/ scopes etc. Better Sounds & Graphics would be nice also & Random spawns so there isnt spawn camping, other than that its Early Alpha & needs time to evolve, great game for the price, better than many survivals out there. The Devs also stay on top of the game so far and been regular updates."
76561198063950875,Recommended,519190,33901371,Posted: 30 July,all,Sassy Princess,"Could be such a good game,Some♥♥♥♥♥♥things (personal veiw)- get rid of annoying wolfs and bears- to many things to worry about (bleeding,water,hunger etc)- add more content"
76561198309564947,Recommended,519190,33907766,Posted: 30 July,all,megadeth357,"Love this game, there's a lot of potential there, love the open world and the random loot you can find. I wish there was a little more customization for weapons and more stuff to find. The only bad thing it the npcs ability to shoot you from crazy distance. There is something soooooo satisfying about hitting a wolf with a car lol"
76561198125577161,Recommended,519190,33915424,Posted: 30 July,all,KOEnator247,good but they need to ♥♥♥♥ing fix ai so bad its one of the few ways to get gear and they are wayy to ♥♥♥♥ing accurate and ♥♥♥♥ing glitchy a group of 5 people were one shotted by a guy with an ak and some of whom one was me was shot through solid walls like the ai put their gun through the walls and shot us its bs and ruins the game
,Recommended,519190,33916346,Posted: 30 July,all,The Dude™,Better than Dayz
,Recommended,519190,33925024,Posted: 31 July,all,Krispy Kreme,"The game is obviously in very early stages, but if you like survival games like DayZ etc. then you will like this. There's no zombies but still a survival game.Gunplay is great sometimes and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ other times. AI is kind of OP if you arent very careful. PvP is fun and rewarding when killing a looted playerOnce you get the basics down and collect some gear, make friends as soon as you can. Group up, this game is way better with someone else to talk to and work with. It really isnt that hard to get super geared once you know what to do.Overall I highly recommend this game since the price is so low and the fun to be had is very high. There are bugs, yes. It's early access, but this is a great game so far and will only continue to get better.In current state I give it a 9/10 for personal enjoyment. Not 10/10 because of bugs and op AI :PGet the game. You won't regret it. Unless you have 0 patience."
76561198191865674,Recommended,519190,33866411,Posted: 28 July,all,Epicfail1979,I love the solo play as it gives me time to learn everything with in the game. Runs no problem so far and better than dayz is at the moment. Just loving putting the hours I can on this.
76561198290864100,Recommended,519190,33871087,Posted: 28 July,all,R3P,"OK so first off the game is broken. and yes a lot of the mechanics are bad. However! This game has been out for a week, and for that I must say it is a great game. it's stalker/ day z ish and its just over all something to try. many people are hating on it but for $10 you cannot go wrong. so ignore the people with one bad expirence saying how this game is god awful. give it a try and i think you will be pleased."
,Recommended,519190,33704865,Posted: 21 July,all,GhiftD,"For a game that is Sub $10 I cannot recommend this game enough. I appreciate the fact that the Devs didnt try screwing early adopters of their game by making the pricetag be too high. The game needs some work but for what I paid I cannot complain an ounce for what this game is already, and in the future I only see improvements."
76561198132923256,Recommended,519190,33709648,Posted: 21 July,all,TheLukeNuke,the game is very good in my opinion but i think it needs to be a little bit more updated if anyone is thinking about buying itryzen 7 1700 8gb ram rx 480 8gb vram and it runs great all maxed out i get over 80 fps
,Recommended,519190,33750198,Posted: 23 July,all,Nizmo,Worth it!!!! Just remeber its a new game and it will have its problems but i have not seen any!
,Recommended,519190,33754821,Posted: 23 July,all,FlowKing,Spawned in the world.Got some gear.Tried to befriend the local wild life.Got mauled by a bear and killed itwith my screwdriver.10/10 would feed bears again.
76561198133868531,Recommended,519190,33755138,Posted: 23 July,all,Xuchris11,"This is very early on but this game is a fantastic exercise in survival. It's in E.A. but don't let that scare you the $10 bucks they're currently asking it's a steal. Questing right now is the traditional fetch missions which is my only ""gameplay"" critisim. I feel like this has more in common with ""Long Dark"" then H1, DayZ, Miscreated, etc... this feels like a survival simulator and I couldn't be happier with what I've played thus far. Devs continue this route you're on, this is a fantastic experince! If you're a survival fan this is a must purchase, I believe as the game progresses more action will come to play but two hours in I am just enjoy the hunting, gathering and exploring that made ""Long Dark"" my favorite game of the last couple years. Again continue the great work and everyone else BUY THIS NOW!"
,Recommended,519190,33756262,Posted: 23 July,all,Rouchen,"I have played this game for just under 2 hours now and so far, regardless of the lack of features or surplus of fixing needed, they are on the right track so far. However, that doesn't mean that I hadn't found some major issues that need priority. Note that knowing this game is in early access, I have knowledge that this is not the final product, so that much I know already.First, the gun that you start off with (without exploring the area first) after gathering some materials to craft it, summed up in one word, sucks. I do not expect the NPC to just give an OP gun to those that complete a quest as simple as the one for the rifle, but atleast have it where the target (wolf for example) will be weak enough to kill it with a couple of hits from a sledgehammer or an ax. Second, the lack of clothing scattered around the map (pants and shoes, jackets, etc.). I understand why the jackets can be rare, but the lack of a pair of pants and shoes in the area is just astounding. (Hint: at the very least, have the PCs first spawn come with them equiped with pants and shoes. Finally, and I really think this should be the next thing they work on, is the lack of a balanced population per server between the looters/traitors, neutrals, and citizens. To date, I have yet to be on a server where there isn't a 75:25 ratio between looters/traitors and neutrals/citizens.To summarize what was said here is simply this: the game has promise, but the developer has a long way to go. I may continue to play this, but eventually, I will uninstall this game until it's almost time for the game's official release as a regualr game and not Early Access."
,Recommended,519190,33755963,Posted: 23 July,all,Doc Corb [RCL],A satisfying little romp that I liken to DayZ lite with a great deal more npc interaction and a forced third person perspective. Curious how more time and joining the factions shall go!
76561198075594404,Recommended,519190,33821686,Posted: 26 July,all,drewk3,"I have to say this game is great fun I usually do not leave reviews for games but I do when I have a very good time, this game is amazingly fun when you have friends with you. But I have to say this game does need a lot of improvement but the game at it's core is going in the right direction I would recommend if you like Dayz and S.T.A.L.K.E.R. it is just a fun game."
,Recommended,519190,33822189,Posted: 26 July,all,BioTomik,"This is what happened to me while i was playing this game for the first time.-Log on, do couple of missions gets killed by the wolf-Decides to ditch trying to kill the wolf and explore a little bit-Finds a weapons-See's a guy decides to kill him (i am now a looter)-Go to the looter safe-zone later on to stash some of the stuff i found on my way-Go out of the safe-zone for a little walk-See's 5 guys[Civilians] fully geared aiming at me-Decides to run-See those 5 guys driving in a apc beside the looter safe-zone-See's that the safe-zone is under attack-Decides to sneak around while they are shooting at the nps-Hide's behind bush and takes them out 1 by 1 with a single pistol headshots only-I am now a hero till this day to all the looters10/10 Would become a hero again"
76561198137002927,Recommended,519190,33758775,Posted: 23 July,all,Joseph McStalin,"It's good. I can't explain it. It's like STALKER as an mmo, and mmo games usually suck, but this one is good. the game is good.get it"
76561198119300439,Recommended,519190,33768745,Posted: 24 July,all,ionONE,"6,74€ is a steal honestly~Plays and looks like the old Stalker series(No rubberbanding server, loot respawns ;) and how many games got this stuff wrong upon release^^)Ah russian BTM is drivable, saw a guy parking the car.Saw streamer Lirik playing it and decided to try it.Hope the russian devs keep pushing the development/try to communicate with english speaking community!"
,Recommended,519190,33903723,Posted: 30 July,all,Kai Sorrelclaw The Fox,"Really enjoying my time with this game, looking forward to following it's development into the future.Have you ever played any of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games and lamented that there isn't /really/ a way to experience it with other players outside of certain mods and knock-off games?Well, this game might be on the cusp of getting such an experience right.However, in saying that I will attempt to present the following as fairly and as balanced as possiblePros:+ PvP/PvE choices available, Coop experience is generally quite fun with special and sometimes rather amusing moments being commonplace, sadly can't comment upon PvP experience as it's not really my thing.+ Relatively easy to pick-up and play+ *Australia has Region Support*+ Whilst not spectacularly good looking, does sport some interesting locations, art direction gives vibes from the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Series+ Quite a few easter eggs related to the previous point+ Surprisingly good performance and over-all experience for an EA title+ Almost criminally cheap, I personally am incredibly happy with the time I've already spent with the gameCons:- Whilst Vehicles are useful and generally easy to use, Physics for them are a little strange, one can easily find themselves stuck on small fences and such.- Vehicles have very long breaking distances and often ""Run away"" without User-Input- Moving around indoors has personally given me a little bit of eye-strain- Lack of truly dynamic events, patrols and & Etc can make the game feel quite empty- AI can be a little dumb, putting this down to generic MMO AI- ""Toxic Fog"" can appear suddenly and without warning, sometimes catching players un-preparedNote:Now, from what I've seen SOFF Games (Developer) has been positively engaged with the community, responding to criticisms, suggestions and general feedback in good order, for which I personally commend them.All of the Cons I've listed, as far as I know, are slotted to be dealt with in the near future with additional features and improvements to be implemented.However, I'll be watching this closely and I will update my review based upon development progress and personal experience."
76561198357562325,Recommended,519190,33934062,Posted: 31 July,all,tjpc27,Great game and im able to run it on a microwave:)
,Recommended,519190,33835532,Posted: 27 July,all,jAms,"Already better then DayZ, enough said. Worth it"
,Recommended,519190,33933805,Posted: 31 July,all,TSRVTC Thomas5020,"The gameplay is challenging, you need to team up with friends in order to get anywhere. It's enjoyable, but hard and not too much to do right now but follow the quests and kill people and play Cheeki Breeki videos into the mic."
76561198048165355,Recommended,519190,33933528,Posted: 31 July,all,Doctor Pennywise,"First Session: Jumped in a server. Player calls me a ♥♥♥♥♥ and drops a pair of pants and shoes. Another guy runs up calls me a f****t and gives me a jacket. Run out of the starting safe zone and get murdered by another hostile player and steals my clothes then T-bags me, flips me off and runs away. Respawn, a player in a ghillie suit gives me a shotgun and tells me to go get my revenge. Run after the guy to find him getting mauled by a bear. Shot him down then the bear. I everything in his inventory (guns military equipment). Was suffering from food poisoning from eating berries so i vomit on his corpse. Jack off on said corpse then ran back to the safe zone and put everything in storage then sat by the campfire as I slowly died from dehydration and food poisoning. 10/10 Russian game. For only 10 bucks the game is great and meeting a bunch of sick minded people who take joy in the suffering of others is hilarious at times. The game is brutal at times as you lose EVERYTHING in your inventory when you die. The only way to save valuable items is to store them in the neutral zone. Players can kill you at any moment and you lose any and all valuables to them. the only players to trust are Civilians.(the good guys) Looters and Traitors sole purpose is to♥♥♥♥♥♥you of your progress and add it to their collection. But killing them is oh so sweet. I am now a**hole looter and making off like a bandit against unarmed players is addicting."
76561198268789969,Recommended,519190,33871671,Posted: 28 July,all,razer blade,awesome game highly recommend
,Recommended,519190,33914233,Posted: 30 July,all,ZTEEEKb0y,"The game came about 10 days ago, it's in early access and it already has so much to offerLots of potential if the devs don't abandon it."
76561198120430001,Recommended,519190,33836696,Posted: 27 July,all,Jett,"This game has gave my friends and I the most fun we've had in weeks. Sure, it looks like it was made in 1996. Sure, there is not much content atm. But this is one of those early access games that you want to see make it to the top. Best $7 i've spent on a game so far. And i've only played one night with my buddies. If you're thinking about getting this game.Get it."
,Recommended,519190,33837139,Posted: 27 July,all,(CGU) Uncle Beebs,"Good game! Following in the footsteps of the big boys of the genre, DayZ, Miscreated etc. But there is something there enough to keep you interested. Still very early on in development, but a good solid game none the less. I would say grab it if you are a fan of survival games. Also, watch out for wolves, they do not play at all. Started a youtube series on it as well if you wanna check it out!!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ib7LYCB4cK0"
76561198061459858,Recommended,519190,33847342,Posted: 27 July,all,[MERC] Rayver,"""Get out of here looter..."" Civvie Rayver, at the battle of supply drop 17"
,Recommended,519190,33912808,Posted: 30 July,all,SirJames,I'm loving this game so far it's a nice refreshing break from all the other games I play.
,Recommended,519190,34070489,Posted: 6 August,all,BurstFireBandit☭,"Cheeki Breeki, Stalkers"
,Recommended,519190,34070513,Posted: 6 August,all,ProstheticMunky,"So far, So good.......... Plays like Arma 2 dayz epoch modFor the Price  i can't really ♥♥♥♥♥ about it"
76561197976353012,Recommended,519190,33913688,Posted: 30 July,all,Ediobear,"Very awesome game, like hybrid STALKER with Arma II Dayz! There are cars and APC! and its still in EA!"
76561198166435353,Recommended,519190,34317058,Posted: 17 August,all,Adolf Hitler,"This is an entertaining game! Graphics are alright its what h1z1 was trying to be! Plenty of quest and missions to keep you entertained. Easy to pick up. Decent amount of guns but needs more variety. PVP feels fluid, and you don't need a godly computer to run. So far it's been two days of me playing, and I already put out 8 hours and counting. Definitely, would recommend 100% Its cheap and still in beta so more content is likely to come!"
76561198065608846,Recommended,519190,34499380,Posted: 26 August,all,Savvyge™,"Imagine playing STALKER about 12 years agoImagine you could go online, however leaving a safe zone leaves you helpless.Imagine 12 years ago you wouldn't have resources like a review or massive amounts of youtube videos,Its pretty tightI like the old graphics, a game could look like this and play amazing and people will love it. It kind of does that."
,Recommended,519190,34045948,Posted: 5 August,all,Shamblesgaming,is it worth 9 pound.yes it is
76561198131553839,Recommended,519190,33979748,Posted: 2 August,all,FaceLessMonk,This game is really fun if you are into S.T.A.L.K.E.R and Escape from Tarkov and the price is really good a lot of factions and guns really fun with friends
,Recommended,519190,33941662,Posted: 31 July,all,TheReedyRainbow,"In its current state, Next Day: Survival is a small survival RPG with a lot of potential. It's Stalker-esque in nature, and has the potential to become one of the better survival games to come from Early Access. Though, the game suffers from some balancing issues, bugs, and optimization issues, it still comes to be a fun survival RPG that is most enjoyable with other people.To start, here's a list of some things that I've come to enjoy from the game:-Faction system, with npcs, settlements, and quests devoted to each (which I hope gets fleshed out even more)-Trader/Currency system, which can help you restock on anything you're not having luck finding (another thing that I hope to see fleshed out, as it's not something I see often with these games)-A simple crafting system, though there is not much to craft yet-Disease, and the threat of it. The more realistic a survival game feels, the better-Quests. One thing that I feel is good to have, as it always keeps me busy when I'm not looting or just running around in the safe zones-Characters transferring between servers, and not gamemodes. For a game where the servers fill fast, this is a much needed feature. It's very nice not having to start over every time I want to play-Skills. Though basic and kinda broken at the moment, these could help progress the game in the future-Storage system. 48 slots for each item category, and stored items do not carry over between settlements-A singleplayer mode. For when you don't wanna be randomly murdered for existing.There's more to the game that is either not coming to mind, or something I've yet to really experience. PVP encounters and vehicles being notable mentions for the latter.And now the things I didn't like/would like to see worked on:-Optimization issues, not a big issue for me, but sometimes the framerate drops to around 30 randomly, but is primarily 60 fps-Bugs, of course. One being an infinite money glitch (that is being patched)-Animals are fairly overpowered/overwhelming early on, most notably for the starting quest to kill a wolf where it will hit you a lot before your knife can kill it. Bears do massive damage, and run faster than you, and one that spawns for a later quest is within an irradiated zone, which if you're not prepared for it, it will most likely kill you and you'll have to spend some time looting another (hard to find) hazmat suit.-AI soldiers feel more like, well, bots. Their aim seems to lock onto you, and can sometimes lead to being chain-shotted by their rifles, which will make you bleed and do loads of damage. Hopefully this is fixed and the AI feels more natural-The game doesn't show you your stats passively, only when they become too severe or are being replenishedAgain, there are probably more things that I'm missing, but I can imagine you get the gist of what I'm saying. I will update this review as needed.For a $9.99 price tag, the game shows a lot of potential out of the gates. Though the game has its quirks, it has the basis for a solid survival RPG game. If you're able to, I would say to give the game a chance. It's cheap and can provide hours of fun. If you're on the fence, watch some gameplay and see if it would be of more interest. Otherwise, I would say to add it to your wishlist and keep an eye on it for when it is updated more. I'd recommend this game, though with caution if Early Access makes you worried about a purchase.I apologize if this review may have jumped around a lot, this is my first attempt at a serious review and still have to iron out a format."
,Recommended,519190,33901408,Posted: 30 July,all,WildSniper™,Game is great
76561198028953373,Recommended,519190,33939577,Posted: 31 July,all,Anakin Skywalker,"I wasn't expecting much out of this game but it's actually pretty fun. I ended up playing about 10 hours straight on both the Main and PVE servers, and although the map isn't very big and there's not a wide variety of things to do, it never got boring.I had joined a Main server just to screw around and ended going from Neutral to Looter to Traitor (killed someone that was slashing people in the Looter spawn) and back to Looter.I almost quit after I was branded a Traitor, but I ended up just running around and getting loot without dying (I killed about 4 people before it set me back to Looter) and managed to safely run back into the Neutral safezone to sell everything.Ended up playing for another couple hours being a♥♥♥♥♥♥to people and trapping them in doorways. Very fun.Pros:- Good atmosphere- Not super easy but not difficult either- Very intense when you know people of the opposite faction are around- Hunger/Thirst/Sickness etcCons:- People sometimes camp outside the neutral safezone with rifles- People can stab you in the Civilian or Looter bases and not get branded a Traitor if you die by bleeding out- People KOS (not really a con if you do the same)- Graphics are substandard (also not really a problem)"
,Recommended,519190,33929146,Posted: 31 July,all,Sr. Lemon,"~Read edit at the end for update on the review~For all the stalker fans that always dremt of playing it online. Really raw in it's current state, but for 10 dollars you will have a ton of fun, even by yourself. There are bugs, and some of them really bad (a nade glitch and a crash on entering some hidden bunker), but the devs already said they will fix them in the next patch, so at least they listen, unlike other devs.Really like the animations (really really impressed by them), the stalkerlike atmosphere (obviously), and the variety of things to do.What i don't really like are the AI of the hostile NPCs. Once you get a gun they are a nonissue since they are kinda stupid even with aimlock, but when you are a freshspawn, its annoying they can see you though walls, 200m away and aimlock you though bushesh and solid objects. Still you will find no problem at dealing with them once you get the hang of the game.Another thing i would improve is the amount of loot on radiated areas. It should be a high risk high reward type of area, where you risk your radsuit but potentially get great things. Currently there is not enough spawns in my opinion.All in all, i would recommend the game for the ton of potential, and the fun you will get out of your 10 dollars, plus the dev team is very friendly, and listen to the people wishes and demads.Edit (Update): Most of the game breaking bugs mentioned on the original review were adressed and fixed by the devs, such as the nade exploit and the bunker crash. Also a LOT of fixes for factions that were needed and a little help for newspawns (made the first mission easyer and FREE CLOTHES!). All in all, this will only improve my review since they listened to our bugs feedback and acted on it. Good job devs!"
76561198056248420,Recommended,519190,34036993,Posted: 5 August,all,eznightman,very good game so far. has lots of potential. if you like pvp they got it. if you like single player mode they also have that. very cheap game for whats in it so far.
76561198158231173,Recommended,519190,33891367,Posted: 29 July,all,Johnyy Fourthest Twenty,"BUY IT! Its awesome, honestly its what i wanted from DAYZ. The developers are in touch to, so this games going to go far.plus theres a achievement for running people over what else do you want."
,Recommended,519190,33982085,Posted: 2 August,all,ZeNN,"THIS IS MY OPINIONThis game is great, and is worth way more then what they ask for as payment, I would recommend this to anyone who is the fan of the survival genre.Pros:- Good quests- AI works great and are fun to fight against- Factions are a choice, but can also work off what you decide to do, for example killing a person and looting them, makes you a looter, killing a looter as a looter makes you a traitor.- Great fun when played with friends, but can be played solo.- Looting is enjoyable.- Skill system works of what yo do with your player, not a level system.- Easy to sink hours into.- Good framerates, especially considering I have GTX 750 TICons:-Players will camp you!This can happen from time to time, and is annoying,  but you can get over it.- There are a few bugs.- getting a cold is all but too common, and hard to counter, anti-biotics are hard to come across.I would recommend this to anyone who wants to find a fun survival game, that can be played solo or with friends, and its only£8.99!"
76561198050254939,Recommended,519190,33821744,Posted: 26 July,all,SpookySerene,Worth $7.49.
76561198065826219,Recommended,519190,34013492,Posted: 4 August,all,WhoYouCallingScruffy?,"Atmosphere much like that of a certain highly rated russian survival game.Missions are easy to follow.Single player is survivable.Playing with friends works, would like to host private servers. (press p to start group invites)Visuals are above average for an early release title.Would love to see more to camping.Grab your friends and go hunting, see you in the fog stal- I mean survivors."
76561197981928165,Recommended,519190,34069400,Posted: 6 August,all,Nassau,"Plz don't listen to the salty comments guys, this really is a good game! Yes, it is hard but that's what makes me come back. Easy is for losers! And yes, you will probably start hating Bears :D  This game just got that right vibe. Graphics just add to that gritty Russian feeling. I bought Miscreated, found it really dull and traded it in for this game.....I am so happy I did!"
,Recommended,519190,34278709,Posted: 16 August,all,SaberToothWolf,"Next Day Survival is a fun game with tons of potential. Yeah it definitly has its bugs and issues but they are working hard and constantly dishing out patches and updates. At the price tag for $10 I think the game is a steal. You get the fun of a survival game like DayZ for 1/3 the price. This game is definitly better with friends, but if you don't have any you'll surely make some as most of the community is very kind. There are 2 main factions in this game (Not including Traitors and Neutrals). There are the Civilians (The ""Good"" guys) and then the Looters (The ""Bad guys""). The Civilians have 1 base while the Looters have 2. The Looters have easier Loot to find at home base than the Civilians, but their bases aren't as fortified as the Clivilians. The Civilians are usually outnumbered on most server 1:3 or even 1:4 by Looters are the Civilian population is hurting. The looting in this game is fun as well as realistic because you don't just find a gun and ammo in every other house. The loot is scarce and to buy loot is hard as the ""Store Keeper"" charges an arm and leg for items. There is a passive skill system which is very unique. For example the more you run the more your character builds up stamina. There are also quest which keeps the game interesting. Each quest usually gives you money, something useful, or skills. Overall for the tag of $10 I would highly reccomend giving this game a peek.9/10"
76561198055621814,Recommended,519190,34299057,Posted: 16 August,all,Klagent,"england is my city, and this game is my land, come one come all, to varrok"
76561198075320039,Recommended,519190,34136944,Posted: 9 August,all,drizzthu,"""meh"" is what seems to come to mind. Putting aside the visuals its not a bad game. I thought the idea of quests was interesting and also the idea of safe zones but as for everything else its just your typical survival game. I guess i can recommend it seeing as the dev's aren't charging 20+bucks for their game. its reasonably priced for what your getting. I recommend playing with a friend though."
76561198131120129,Recommended,519190,34348370,Posted: 19 August,all,KOTVA,:)
76561197985526002,Recommended,519190,33931604,Posted: 31 July,all,Nathan Explosion,Online S.T.A.L.K.E.R
76561198178203813,Recommended,519190,33935552,Posted: 31 July,all,Ash.ez,"Hey, I must say that I really enjoy this game so far! I love the attention to deatail when it comes to the sound and environment, eally makes the atmosfere of the game feel like your in an post-apocolptic, radioactiv world. I am looking forward to the upcoming updates and patches.My main complain is the menu and the server browser. Kinda buggy and its hard to find a server with my friend to play together. I can see that the game needs a bit of polishing but keep up the good work and hope to see more in the next year or two."
,Recommended,519190,33732300,Posted: 22 July,all,Dhraax,"Pros:Simple crafting system that the game doesn't rely on too heavilyLots of ways to progress, via skills, gear, currency and vehicles.Loads of fun with friendsMany different NPCs belonging to different factions, leading to a lot of different encounters (Players can also be a part of said factions)Detailed questsQuite a bit of replayabillityLow low price tagCons:Somewhat buggy UI (it becomes far easier to manage once you mess with it a bit)Kind of steep learning curve (Biggest noobie issue is trying not to die from sickness which can very easily be caused by not getting clothes in time for night)3rd person only (Annoying at first gets better later on)NPC hitboxes could use and adjustmentAmmo is a bit scarce (it can be purchased by shopkeepers for reasonable prices though)Common issues from early access titles (UI bugs, infrequent framerate stutters, toxic PVP community, etc)There are 3 modes. Main, PVE, and Last Man Standing. Main is the full game without any restrictions. Anyone can be an enemy. PVE which is the same as Main only players cannot kill each other (The communities for these modes are VERY different, i reccomend trying them both and playing whichever you like more). Last Man Standing is just Battle Royale (i haven't played it yet so not sure how well it functions, i will edit this later after i have played that mode a bit).Some of the things i hear people complaining about are to be expected in early access titles like ""The UI is buggy"" or ""It doesn't have a lot of content"" to which i say"" It's early access M8, everything will get better eventually"" which is very true. Quick backround, i have pretty bad attention issues so i usually can't play games for very extended periods of time due to me just getting kind of bored. I played this (with a friend) for 6 hours straight which isn't super easy for me to do with any game. The only reason i stopped was because my friend had to get offline due to it being 3 AM.At that point we had some of the best gear in the game (other than a sniper rifle for each of us), a working vehicle, and loads of spare currency. I can cofidently say that i will be playing this a lot more in the coming weeks, months, and hopefully years. In it's current state i give this game a 7/10, early access being done right, where the devs dont slap something together half hazardly and release it, as i struggle to find too many bugs that aren't minor."
,Recommended,519190,33906037,Posted: 30 July,all,Schwifty,"I want to start this by highlighting that this game is very much in early Access. As such it can be cumbersome at times and things may not always work as intended. I'm only saying this as some people seem to forget this when buying EA and expect a polished product. If a polished product is what you're looking for then this isn't for you (yet), look elsewhere.The game itself is familiar for those who are fans of the survival genre but attempts to freshen up a somewhat stale genre. As others have said it takes inspiration from Day Z with it's spawn, loot, kill/be killed and repeat gameplay. It takes this idea and builds on it. Next Day features a faction and morality system, which in it's current form is fairly shallow but adds a nice extra element to freshen up the standard shoot on sight behaviours of survival games.Currently the factions available are Civilians (good), Neutral (starting faction) and Looters (bad). Civilians have positive reputation from killing ONLY looters wheras Looters have negative reputation from killing Civilians and/or Neutrals. Killing someone from your own faction will mark you as a traitor which will make you free game for everyone, including NPCs who will be more than happy to end you. You must survive for 1 hour and 20 minutes to remove your traitor status.Once assigned to a faction you can swap sides at any time by getting the required amount of reputation in either direction you would like to head. Civilians and Looters both have their own settlements with a small NPC guard contingent and banks in which you can store a limited amount of gear of each type. The banks also double as a shop too where almost anything in the game can be bought or sold. All currency is ingame and can only be aquired by completing quests or selling items you have aquired.Quests at the moment are very basic and there are only a few ones to begin with and then base defence missions when under attack. I would like to point out that the starting quests are very clunky and put many people off (myself included almost) but you should power through as the game really begins once you have a faction you belong to. As of right now quests are more of a downside than anything but have great potential and I hope they are improved as development continues.The game also features an instanced (raid of sorts) known as the Bunker. The Bunker is great for getting gear and can be quite fun. It is infested with military NPCs and can have all factions in at once which can add a nice dynamic. NPC's atm arent very inteligent but have pin point accuracy so care is needed. I'm hoping the AI will become more inteligent rather than just aim bots in the future but as of right now they serve a purpose to a reasonable standard.I won't spend too much time on the playerbase but what I will say is i've never had trouble finding a friendly group to play with and have made a few friends I play with repeatedly. There are also plenty of riff raff in the game who will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥about stuff but that comes with the genre. I haven't come across many people killing their own faction though which is good.Which brings me onto the developers. Early Access is always a risk and I cannot promise that this one will pan out into a fully fledged game, although I hope it does. What I can say is that the devs are very active with patches and also in the forums which is a good sign.To sumarise this game does have it's fair share of clunkiness and bugs but it also has some real potential. At it's current price point if you want something to have a mess about in for 15-30 hours immediately then this is a brilliant game for you. On top of that it's also a good investment to have in your library for the future (if delivered upon) but the risk is low at £8."
,Recommended,519190,33797791,Posted: 25 July,all,Generalgefreiter [Gottanwärter],"This is what all the other Stalker online games should have been like. While it does feel very unfinished, you can already see the potential this game has. The current state is still very early alpha, it's been on Steam for just 3 or 4 days so still really new. If you want an online game that breathes stalker and doesn't have cash shop ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, grab this game right away.(It's only 6 bucks too)"
76561198021803559,Recommended,519190,33766455,Posted: 24 July,all,Christoph de Lignan,"my mind is BLOWN, i can't beliave this game is actually better than DayZ and most of the 99% of survival games out there. it needs work yes and i can see it being tough for new players but once you learn the basics and how this game works is way too much fun."
,Recommended,519190,33903091,Posted: 30 July,all,TNA | MrMango,For the price it's absolutely worth it.
76561198049717372,Recommended,519190,33991235,Posted: 3 August,all,XSYTO,Good game 9/10
,Recommended,519190,34051804,Posted: 5 August,all,Mr.FancySocks,This game is very good for an early verson. It has only been out for a short time and I find myself having a fun time getting into firefights.I just wish that the changes that are needed will happen like weapons being easier to obtain outside of missions and same goes for ammo.Anyways good game but I don't know if you should buy it yet because it is still very early in develoupment so be careful with your purchase 0.0
76561198118832290,Recommended,519190,34071035,Posted: 6 August,all,Theredpanda,Very fun game to play with friends... without friends though it can get boring so dont be afraid to make some friends if you dont have any to play with yet.
76561198138561722,Recommended,519190,34071358,Posted: 6 August,all,Yuri Kozlovsky,"I played 60 hours of this game and definitely this game is awesome,it need some improvements but what game doesn't need right?I'm really in love with this game!"
76561198035049154,Recommended,519190,34070577,Posted: 6 August,all,Master Blunts,punch my helmet off and get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥blasted
76561197970975822,Recommended,519190,33960746,Posted: 1 August,all,NoiTツ,"Not Played for long. BUT had a blast the first hours when i logged in for the first time, met some cool players, we teamed up and tried to survive, we got ambushed by a wolf and we had only knives to defend us. we managed to kill it then we gut it for steaks , we made a campfire by collecting some wood and i found a lighter. we sat there chilling and cooking our meat, then out of the blue 4 guys jumped us with AK's ,shotguns blasted my UK friend so fast, i ran for my life/ my pulse was HIGh af) managed to hide inside a house, but i was bleeding so fast, alone in the dark i ate all my food and drank it all, but i died in the end. The first experiance was 10/10, i will play it some more soon, I need to say that this is STALKER online ! if you love STALKER then get this game ASAP ! and the price for the game is soooooo worth they could increased it to 30 ez. grab it while you can ! a Hidden GEM."
,Recommended,519190,33822076,Posted: 26 July,all,NateeDoin80,"""Some spoilers"" The only thing I dislike about this is when you are cooking, gathering, crafting, you can't cancel that action and if a predator starts attacking you, you're screwed... I uninstalled it right away but I plan on coming back to it once these bugs are fixed. However, other than that I do recommend this game for its attention to detail animations and sicknesses. You can get food poisoning, vomit, then lose hydration and calories/food. I love it but I'll come back after some work is done."
,Recommended,519190,34715359,Posted: 3 September,all,[F4M] Mistress,10/10 Dollars well spent! witnessed the best F4 circle ever! Def worth it with friends. xD
,Recommended,519190,34704527,Posted: 3 September,all,Slade,"One of my fav survival games at the moment so I highly recommend it! There are some things that I would like to see improved but for a game being in alpha and running so well with a pretty mature player base, I've been very content. Plus the devs are actively working hard to fix this or that and expanding the world! Thumbs up all the way."
76561198020228648,Recommended,519190,33808638,Posted: 26 July,all,HybridOhio,Okay so I'm generally a fan of survival games but there are a ton that really suck. This one doesn't. Hard to believe the game is still in an early state and is already better than a lot of other games floating around that have been fully funded and released.10/10 would play again.
76561198071054753,Recommended,519190,35008561,Posted: 16 September,all,Megafaggeeet,"Pretty nice idea, the game is settled pretty nice. Some mechanics need work and some buggs need immediate fixing but all my hopes are in this game . I highly suggest u guys check it out because there arent many games out there with this pricetag and this gameplay."
76561198171735290,Recommended,519190,33756102,Posted: 23 July,all,Blancey,have not played for a while now but i still think for it's price vs DayZ as games and price points Next Day is a better more enjoyable experience.
,Recommended,519190,34150651,Posted: 10 August,all,Susanoo,"This game is normied by gopniks and stalker fans so I hope that does not influence the direction of where this game goes and ends up another clone, but it has the potential to be 10/10 if it comes out of early access strong. An update released by the devs a week after the games release gives me a good attitude towards it. After maybe 40-50 hours it starts to just become about farming loot and repeating in the main mode but it is still fun with friends, but what can you expect from an early access beta stage game? It's the first early access that looks promising to me... but we'll see..""Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?""“Final release is slated for September 2017.”Edit: It is now September, the game is still in EA, they are cutting it close. Still waiting for the next update.September 14 - The next big update is out, game is still in Early Access.Edit: “Final release is slated for Febrary 2018.” When it used to be September, we got EA'd."
,Recommended,519190,33860802,Posted: 28 July,all,sexikent,i hope this doesn't screw up like every game in this genra
76561198282747279,Recommended,519190,34279402,Posted: 16 August,all,striker46,i liked mostly every thing but wishing there was more crafting like base building even if its something small for storage so dont half to go back to base..wishing there was more guns and cars havent seen any really major fixes needed but its still early access they are doing awsome on the game...
76561198403934668,Recommended,519190,34379675,Posted: 20 August,all,wyantdaniel69,"Hands down, amazing game. Exactly what I've been searching for for a very long time. Loads of fun and always a challenge. Already my most played game and put about 30 hours in within the first week or so. Perfect keep up the great work!!"
76561198139333004,Recommended,519190,34255764,Posted: 15 August,all,ethanjones460,great game awesome community 10/10
76561198019158927,Recommended,519190,34265700,Posted: 15 August,all,bosses_bo,bad grapics.Bad charmovment.u know what thay say. if a game is god its good even with its flaws.
,Recommended,519190,34435408,Posted: 23 August,all,Hazi,The 10 dollar DayZ
,Recommended,519190,34260392,Posted: 15 August,all,ravic /e/,"This game is basically what dayz wanted to be, but without zombies which i prefer myself. I seriously recommend this game"
,Recommended,519190,33709174,Posted: 21 July,all,ShamelessBanditGomer,10/10 Worth $7 Surprising Depth. Defentily Surprised me. Give it a chance. Don't rage if you die!
76561197981062579,Recommended,519190,33709362,Posted: 21 July,all,Fercyful,"Great game!S.T.A.L.K.E.R. fan since day one. Is like a dream came true. Game servers are working nice and in a little more than an hour I have a knife, a pistol, an AK, gas mask and a flask for fill with purified water. Fun and fast !+graphics+sounds+mechanics (easy and very well implemented ex: flask+water, weapon creation)+gameplay+++S.T.A.L.K.E.R. mood !!-no first person (hope devs will add it)*** PLEASE add radiation zones + Geiger counters !Higly recomended to all Zone fans!ps: went four days to the real Chernobyl Zone in 2013 and the game really capture the feeling !!! (I know is not placed there but playing I feel like I will encounter the power plant or Pripyat right there at any moment!!)"
,Recommended,519190,33917677,Posted: 30 July,all,CriticalHit,"Absolutely love it, definitely worth a buy!"
,Recommended,519190,34027005,Posted: 4 August,all,21 Savage,"So far this game ia Beast.   I love every bit of it Except sometimes its hard to see something and Bears a little OP. Took a full clip to kill one. The Soundtrack is fantastic, I love it. I mainly like that you can play single player and still have friendly and non friendly NPC's. But for 10$ Its a great game. But watch out, They raise the price anytime and still make amazing sales."
76561198035302854,Recommended,519190,33945677,Posted: 1 August,all,biomess,"I love this game,, lots of fun, Price is great, more than I expected for an early release game. Vids coming soon,youtube.com/biomess"
,Recommended,519190,35122145,Posted: 22 September,all,Razr82,this game rules...my only issue is being killed by your own faction....i hate that this is an option.....at least make it the players choice to turn friendly fire on or off.....
,Recommended,519190,35122998,Posted: 22 September,all,Saeed,You go from naked and afraid to a total badass in time. This game is tons of fun even more fun if played with others. Strongly recommend this game. Made many good experiences with many good folks :D
,Recommended,519190,33820213,Posted: 26 July,all,Pokah,8/10
76561198240883770,Recommended,519190,33820936,Posted: 26 July,all,ПЯТКОВ,"I was a fan of Survival Post Apocylpse Now, that game is now dead and finished,This game is to my liking, sure its not for everyone, but its well priced and playswell,Give it a go."
76561198058999323,Recommended,519190,33819897,Posted: 26 July,all,Scoobaru,"Great game with plently of potential that I am certain the Devs will make use of. This game is basically in a nut shell an MMO DayZ, NPCs, quest lines, currency system, etc. If you love mmos and survival games then this game is for you! Keep up the good work guys!"
76561198175830073,Recommended,519190,34096639,Posted: 7 August,all,TOASTEDCHEEZE,it got pretty good game play for an early access.
76561198328731428,Recommended,519190,33826268,Posted: 27 July,all,jesset,"I just got this game a few hours ago, it is a decent game with alot of potential. I look forward to many more hours on this game. :)"
76561198153863009,Recommended,519190,33862589,Posted: 28 July,all,Grypus,"At first I was afraid it would be absolute garbage because it is such a cheap game but it not that bad. It is a refreshing take on survival games because it adds a faction system and players are punished for killing members od their own faction which means you dont have to be afraid everytime you run into another player. The AI definitley need some polishing, sometimes they wont shoot back. Personally I think the game needs to have proximity loot instead of the same type of loot in the same spot, it makes it too easy to game the system. The begginig missions are tedious but once you get past them I think you'll enjoy the game."
,Recommended,519190,34094040,Posted: 7 August,all,goldy2k,"Early Access Heaven. Every once in a blue moon, a survival game comes out and brings joy back to our lives. This new aspect of Next Day: Survival with its core MMO and RPG functions, have made me love survival games once more.Props to the dev team for making such a polished game for how small the team is, and for how much time they have had.If you want to play a different survival game because they all seem to blend together, Next Day: Survival is for you."
76561198380949198,Recommended,519190,34508587,Posted: 26 August,all,Promise,"this game so far so good, survival theme is so good craft, thirst, hungry, injury, etc. But the connection in the game has not been stable, to many glitch, bug, and lag. I think for the future more enhanced again"
,Recommended,519190,34403186,Posted: 21 August,all,Green4dubstep,type of game to go into alpha and never have updates. If you like a dayz/mmo game thats thrid person kinda shooter i would get it
,Recommended,519190,35053389,Posted: 18 September,all,Jgray,"Great Game, I believe this game has potential in being even better with the Devs updating/fixing bugs.I have only a few Cons but i wont discuss them because Im sure they will be fixed!(Note:45hrs ingame)"
76561198128610993,Recommended,519190,33924221,Posted: 31 July,all,Viking,"First thing I noticed about this game is everyone is very friendly (if you're in the same faction) I installed it and was invited to a group of 7 poeple from around the world after playing around the safe zone for a little while. I was given a gun and we all went to loot a bunker filled with soldiers, a few of us died but we eventually all made it back to the Looter settlement with tons of stuff. In a nutshell this game as is, is very fun for what is has and it has only just been released to Steam recenlty, it has everything needed to have fun, it just needs a little bit of extra stuff and some tweaking here and there like animations and inventory management and it will be a amazing game. I give it 7.5 out of 10 would recommend, well I already have recommended it."
,Recommended,519190,33768476,Posted: 24 July,all,SkJ =D,A true survival experience.Next Day: Survival is a refreshing touch on survival games with similarities to DayZ and Stalker. From the animations for every action to the intense faction war between Civilians and Looters. Not to mention the great gunplay and shooting mechanics. It gives you more content and has one of the best foundations for improvement in the category of Early-Access games IMO. Though the game has flaws you still have to consider the affordable price. Great game so far keep it coming!Russians never disappoint :)
,Recommended,519190,35068097,Posted: 19 September,all,Vladkovich,"For the amount of money that its worth its great. But heres a quick tip, when you start the game play on a low populated server at least until you get into a faction and have somewhat of a defense or you will have a bad time."
76561198275651988,Recommended,519190,33787492,Posted: 25 July,all,spedup13,amzing survival game best one ive played for years
76561198028056439,Recommended,519190,33790231,Posted: 25 July,all,Dimi,"Fun Game, needs more english speaking players!Pro's:- Survival needs not annoying- A nice variety of warsaw pact guns- Charming post apocalyptic eastern european atmosphereCon's:- Not many crafting recipies yet- Graphics are quite simple as of yet"
76561198370881058,Recommended,519190,33807771,Posted: 26 July,all,SUPREME,Fun once your able to find clothes and guns lol
,Recommended,519190,33829995,Posted: 27 July,all,nKe,"Surprisingly good early-access survival game.I'm not going to list pros because this game nails the core mechanics and the game has a solid base to build on, meaning this review is going to be positive for the time being.So the cons so far (I'll update this as the game is updated):-No filter options in server list (Joining friends is really difficult)-EasyAntiCheat is a questionable anti-cheat, time will tell if it's good enough.-Going in/out of a bunker sometimes kicks you out of the server-Civilians base is in a corner of the map while looters are in middle of the map, pretty unbalanced.-AI is a bit too easy."
,Recommended,519190,33840907,Posted: 27 July,all,☁Grongle☁™,"Я не знаю русский, но в этой игре есть медведи, волки и машины, поэтому 10/10 is good"
76561198187394431,Recommended,519190,33843203,Posted: 27 July,all,T i M,Awesome game for only 9 eurohighly recommended
,Recommended,519190,33850100,Posted: 28 July,all,munorctis,"Buy it and support the developersProsGood animationsNPCFactionsCheapFriendly communityConsDisadvantage if you go soloNo first person (They will probably add it in the future)They should probably add a tutorial for new players (Fixing cars, Healing your sickness, etc)8/10 Great game"
76561198103096475,Recommended,519190,33852931,Posted: 28 July,all,N00dles,nipplegasms
,Recommended,519190,33878084,Posted: 29 July,all,"cout << ""ger_Daedrican"";","It´s a good game, would definietly recommend this game, especially for this low price.Just to keep it short:It comes with 2 fractions and Military. (And a Traitor system for those who shoot people or NPC´s of the own fraction).It has a Singleplayer (You play alone on a Server, so no offline mode), PvE and the Main Mode.Also the game offers Quests, Military bases, Bunkers and some spots guarded by either your fractions NPC´s or enemy NPC´s.Keep in mind that it´s early access, but also: It´s worth the money, there´s more you can do here than in alot of other games which cost more money and are claimed to be ""final release versions"".Since I´m a PvE player I can´t tell much about the PvP in this game."
,Recommended,519190,33910672,Posted: 30 July,all,Dragon Queen Daenerys (Lucy),"By far one of the best games i've ever played. Not many games can keep me playing all day and night and even losing track of time but this is one of them.S.T.A.L.K.E.R Games have always been my #1 games of all time to this day still, and it feels me with joy that this game can bring back those memories but also to enjoy it with other people at the same time. The game is still very new (7 days old i believe) so there is a lot of stuff that has yet to be added.However, what we have now is very smooth and enjoyable for a game so young, the animations are amazing especially all the little ones that make it look more realistic such as when you eat canned food; your character actually takes the can out of his pocket and peels open the can before consuming, or if its non canned food he will eat it as is.This game is 100% worth it's price, hell; i'd even pay $20 for it.There are 2 factions currently, but i'm sure more will be introduced in future; I would like the devs to add female characters personally, but the stalker universe never really had women.2 factions are: Civillians (stalkers pretty much)   and Looters (Bandits)both are enemeies so expect to have a fight on your hands if you encounter one; there is also the military which kill everyone on sight but are non-joinable currently (not sure if this will change)."
76561197967187018,Recommended,519190,35354520,Posted: 30 September,all,Joff,Great game with tons of atmosphere and great developers.Good implementation of pointing with both standing and crouched pointing available. A solid 9/10.
76561198371478067,Recommended,519190,35407093,Posted: 1 October,all,CaptainDaddy,"For a very cheap early access game I was surprised at how good and fun it is. It might take some getting used to for some but once you do, you're hooked. Definitely needs some work but it has potential to be an amazing game. One thing I'd recomend is start the game with someone who has played or at least look up playthrough of the beginning because as far as I know, there's no true way to reset the ""tutorial""."
,Recommended,519190,33719879,Posted: 22 July,all,MisterPixie ✔ <3,"This is one of my first MMO game I have played... I have to say, this games is REALLY good. I honestly hope they make it even better, add more contents. I just love doing quests and killing people along the way, there are the odd bug. Tho nothing game breaking 9/10."
76561198160791836,Recommended,519190,33785448,Posted: 25 July,all,G-Man,its not bad just needs work obviously as early access its a good start but we shall see if the devs keep up on it7/10.....guy playing guitar by the fire 10/10
76561198024567944,Recommended,519190,33787235,Posted: 25 July,all,Wormburner,yes
,Recommended,519190,33789513,Posted: 25 July,all,Ionut,"Good game, but need more work for optimization..."
,Recommended,519190,33790180,Posted: 25 July,all,♛ ZvokE ♛,Really worthy game for its money.
,Recommended,519190,33829888,Posted: 27 July,all,MFKN Gucci-Boi,Great Game. Want to respawn in Lumby again
,Recommended,519190,33843665,Posted: 27 July,all,helo gais,"when i play this game, I get S.T.A.L.K.E.R: Call of Pripyat/Shadow of Chernobyl type of vibes, but it's multiplayer. Two great things combined into one badass game, I'm about three hours into it so far and I'm on the looter faction and it is great. I love this game and will hope to see you all in the future. My rating, 9/10. Fantastic game."
76561198076179524,Recommended,519190,33848281,Posted: 27 July,all,hexxingale,"this is by far one of the best survival games ive played and for so cheap too, youd be a fool not to buy it. sure its buggy but what do you expect from early access? all the negative reviews are completly wrong, besides mmost of their play time is less then an hour. can you really judge a game in such a short time?"
76561198004414106,Recommended,519190,33848717,Posted: 27 July,all,Knight Paladin,"The green death fog is one of my favorite parts! For a early access release this game already has a lot of promise and actually a lot of fun. I also really like the npc's its just something I never saw in other survival games like this, I cant wait to see what the next update will bring."
,Recommended,519190,33849069,Posted: 27 July,all,FragMan,Great game and it's off to a good start. The devs are working on all the bugs and on content. And for $9.99 you can not go wrong with this game. Give it a shot. 9/10.
,Recommended,519190,33850389,Posted: 28 July,all,Jack,"This game has such a slow, boring, unforgiving beginning of it. But once you get past that, and start making yourself a real character in the world, it only gets better. I was a newby like everyone else, and decided to hold a few people up, never shoot anyone unless fired upon. Then started helping people get their loot back from Bandits and NPCs. I am now a Civilian, with a ♥♥♥♥♥on of gear and know-how around the map. I still get killed often, but you live and you learn. This is a game that makes you fight back so it doesn't win I love that. I love everything about this game so far, just a few touch-ups and expansion and it'll be big. The UI and Inventory Management are my only true hiccups with this, maybe also the Robocop like NPCs, but that's part of the fun. Love it so far, keep it up. (Make people earn your trust, people will stab you in the back in this faster than hell)+Runs like a charm+So many quests+Lots of Items+PVE+PVP+Crafting+Skills-UI-Inventory Management-No english actor speech (yet)"
,Recommended,519190,33851653,Posted: 28 July,all,Captain James Kennedy,"Right, let me be clear, I bougt this as a joke, and it turned out to be one of the better choises made.The game had a unique Stalker/Metro feeling to it, so you do understand, when I say it gives me the vibes. The location is easter europe with 3 Factions : Neutral, Looter, Civilian. Neutral are pretty self explanatory, looters as well. Imagine looters as the bandits of the game. Then we got Civilians who are the ""Peacekeepers"" or heroes, oh and traitors, these people betrayed their own men.the game it self for now is third person only, but you can get used to that, to my suprise everything is animated. Don't expect and awesome AI it is rather glitchy, but the bots and the wild life can still be a challange sometimes. The graphics by nowdays standarts aren't great, but the gameplay does compensate for it, as this game has a massive roleplay potential.However, finding a server is a little problem, especially when trying to join with a friend, this does take time, but once you are through that you are all set to go.With the current price they are selling the game at, I kind of feel like ripping the devs off, but it is extremely worth the money, and if the devs keep updating it, this game will be what other survival games will never beA solid 9.1/10 (For now) It is a dream come true to play a stalkerish game with a friend. Offers alot for the price tag. somewhat unique in its own way."
,Recommended,519190,33856346,Posted: 28 July,all,perplexing blame,great content at the price point with a good foundation for a better game in the future
,Recommended,519190,33879879,Posted: 29 July,all,obleb,Fun survival game. It's even better played with a couple friends. I like the combined experience of Players and AI in the same world as it doesn't just focus on PVP. The game has a lot of potential and hope to see much more content being added!
,Recommended,519190,33893977,Posted: 29 July,all,Thrians,Enjoying the game.  The faction aspect of the game is a great idea.  Keep up the good work.
76561198107391411,Recommended,519190,33894375,Posted: 29 July,all,TheMediumSack,"i like survival games like this, at the moment it needs work but i see this game has more potential then miscreated in my opinion."
76561197970568768,Recommended,519190,33910411,Posted: 30 July,all,AsphaltChicken,Bought this game for 8 euros...thats like 2 packs of cigs...played it 8 hrs straight than noticed its 5 am...The last 2 packs of cigs i had werent nearly as entertaining than this game :)Its like DayZ and Stalker had a baby...grafiks isnt top..but gamefun is!Lots of survival mechanics...hunger..illness...cold...no zombies but bears and wolfes...friendly+hostile soldier npc...3 factions...big map (not as big as dayZ)honestly..i would have payed 20 or 25 euros...if you like what you see and read...buy it...its a bargain...
76561198128980105,Recommended,519190,34470958,Posted: 24 August,all,Ransurias,"Next Day: Survival deeply flawed, yet it manages to be a reasonably enjoyable experience thanks to a handful of key redeeming features. This is a game that can be broken down as the sum of two parts: flimsy and innovative.While the game certainly provides enough entertainment and value to justify its dirt-cheap price (hence the positive review), it's marred by cheap, utterly uninspired gunplay, poor audio, a lifeless world that owes itself to the near-absence of NPCs outside the handful of faction settlements, and a Christmas-esque loot system that relentlessly throws weapons, food, and medical supplies in your face. Its skill system is a particularly egregious example of asinine game design; for example, the ""hardness"" skill confers a whopping 30% resistance to damage at max rank, but requires your character to take damage equivalent to hundreds of deaths. You can max it out by dying over and over again by merely punching a guard and getting them to shoot you in your faction's base. It's incredibly flimsy and shallow, and this flimsiness extends to other aspects of the game.Make no mistake. Next Day isn't a survival game, and contrary to what the trailer above might imply, it's very forgiving compared to some of the other games in the genre. There's never any real danger from hypothermia, as any combination of pants and a shirt renders you immune to cold weather. Toxic clouds extremely small and easy to avoid, and are seldom placed in areas that you need to visit. It's trivially easy to stockpile vast quantities of food and drink in your stash, and arguably just as easy to stockpile weapons, ammunition, and medical supplies once you start hitting the instanced underground military bunker. You can purchase just about any item in the game from your faction's vendor, and acquiring vast sums of money is easy after you start selling excess items from the aforementioned bunker.Fortunately, Next Day does one thing right, which distinguishes it from other survival games and redeems the game as a whole -- it has a faction and grouping system that actually does an excellent job of deterring mindless KOS gameplay and encouraging teamplay. After a handful of short quests in the starting area, you can choose to be either a Civilian or a Looter. Nothing of substance distinguishes these two groups -- for all intents and purposes, it's red versus blue, not good versus evil. From here on out, your character is penalized for killing friendly players by marking you as a ""traitor,"" which renders you unable to access your faction's base (and your stash) and rendering all players and NPCs hostile to you. Because the punishment outweighs the reward, you can be confident that most players in your faction won't stab you in the back.Give it a shot if you want a more casual, team-oriented take on the traditional survival game. It manages to avoid the perennial KOS mentality that plagues other survival games, and that alone is almost enough for me to recommend it."
76561198393553533,Recommended,519190,35073866,Posted: 19 September,all,GeneralMcHappyAss,Great game dor ONLY 10 BUCKS WOW WHAT A GOOD DEAL RIGHT? But this game is also better than DayZ but it does need to be tweaked a little and think this game would be perfect
76561198009447211,Recommended,519190,33790127,Posted: 25 July,all,TinPotSquirrel,This is a realy fun and balanced game.  Very addictive.  It still has some bugs but it is early release and the des are working on them.  For the price I definatley can recommend this game.
76561198140114840,Recommended,519190,33791853,Posted: 25 July,all,Xerxes83,Great game...If you liked Stalker series it something for you.
76561198012448313,Recommended,519190,33799836,Posted: 25 July,all,derpenstein,This game is pretty good.
,Recommended,519190,33809219,Posted: 26 July,all,SpudPedlar,"This early access is a rather promising title. It's a different take on the survival genre and is not a clone of the other EA survival games. I'd say it was worth its current $9.99 starting price.Pros:- Good character customization.- Rewarding looting system.- Quests- NPCs- Animals- Cooking/gathering aspectsInstead of mentioning cons I will describe a few implementations that would really make this game shine:- Faster sprint- Codex (explaining how the game is played, items, crafting etc.)- Ability to place waypoints on the map.- Better map labelling.- Zoom in and out of the map.- Player notes section (somewhere the player can write and keep notes in-game)- Hud shows numerical values for statuses such as health, temperature, radiation... (currently the green, white and red status indicators are a bit vague)- Overall HUD improvements, minimap, health bar etc."
,Recommended,519190,33809305,Posted: 26 July,all,lolbo,"Next Day: Survival, a hidden gem under all those early access titles which have been abandoned by their developers.I bought this game about 2 days ago and played it for 25 hours so far which speaks for itself, I'm a huge STALKER Fan and I just love the atmosphere this game offers. In my humble opinion it's a better version of DayZ Standalone.There's three player factions one can join depending on who you kill relatively early in the game, Looters who you'll be assigned to if your reputation gets below 0 (killing a Neutral gives -3 reputation, killing a Civilian should also give you about the same). Killing a looter as a Neutral results you in turning into a Civilian.Both factions have a main base with a trader.There's not that much to do at the moment, I pretty much have seen everything in the game in 25 hours (cleared the bunker already many times) and it's relatively easy to get gear if you know how.It's a lot of fun, I've met a great deal of people on the game and had a lot of funny encounters.Definitely worth a buy."
,Recommended,519190,33910480,Posted: 30 July,all,CalErba420,"WARNING!!!!  WARNING!!!!  GAME IS NOT FINISHED!!!!  NEEDS A LOT OF POLISHING!!!!With that said, for 10 bucks, it's worth it.  The inventory and crafting system is clunky, really clunky.  I hope they get that sorted and streamlined soon.  There are a few glitches but nothing that makes it game breaking.  I am sure there will be updates for that in the near future.  It's still fun and addicting.  It makes you think outside the box.  The best part is there are NO ZOMBIES!!!!!!  I have been waiting for a survival game that was NOT zombie themed.  Anyway this is what I have taken from this game playing it so far this weekend...If Skyrim and PUBG had a kid and that kid went and had a kid with The Long Dark, that kid would be Next Day: Survival."
,Recommended,519190,33810516,Posted: 26 July,all,Mudkiep,"Nice survival game, lots of things to explore, great with friends, great atmosphere just buy this damn game it is awesome"
76561198047473949,Recommended,519190,35060768,Posted: 19 September,all,Rickstar,Good game love it too pieces need more games with npcs and PVE
76561198056121795,Recommended,519190,33830523,Posted: 27 July,all,Mr.Drunk,Honestly I like the game it reminds me of the old Stalker game series and I long said that we need an nother game to fill that foid. For an alpha game its worth the money spent only hope that the devs make the game bette with time. One thing is the clunck ness of player as well FPS drops could be better optimized in the futer FPS will drop 27 fps and then riase up to 75fps. Also would recomend more missions as well and true single player that can be played ofline with no server connection recuiret would be nice too.
76561198198141458,Recommended,519190,33846090,Posted: 27 July,all,✠  Brutal Reality  [HBS],"If You Like Dayz, Or H1Z1 -Zombies. This Game Is A Must Have, And Only $9.99 USD. Theres No Way To Go Wrong. About This Game: Next Day is a multi-player SURVIVAL game with elements of RPG, in an imaginary country in Eastern Europe. Carry out an array of tasks, learn skills, and develop your character. Have shootouts with opponents and earn a reputation. And Gives Three Player Modes, My Fav Must Say Is PvE. Becuase You Can Meet All Kinds Of Player Without Getting Shot In The Face Fast, Before You Can Even Say Hello. So Like I Said Before, This Game Is A Must Have. Thanks For Reading This. I Hope To See You In The Game, Next Time I Get On."
76561198146691877,Recommended,519190,34065496,Posted: 6 August,all,Wild_Wheat,Hate that I have to take everything out of my pack to change backpacks...
,Recommended,519190,33786708,Posted: 25 July,all,Gunz,"This game's standard price is $10. I think this game is easily worth $30. This is like Stalker and DayZ had a baby, and its's quiet a beautiful baby at that. There are NPC's that give you quest in a multiplayer enviroment, with objectives to achieve that can involve players at any time breaking out in huge fire fights. There is a faction system of Civi's, Looters, and Traitors. A pretty good weapon and ammo system based on Inventory. EVERYTHING, and i mean everything in this game has an animation and its really nice to be honest. Take some pants off, put some new pants on, but guess what?!? You can't yet cause you are still in the animation of actually taking your freaking pants off. It's pretty amazing attention to detail, and that is seen through out the game.I only have a small wish list for this game.1. More. Just more content in general. More places to explore, more NPC's,More Quests, more weapons, more enemies in the wild life, maybe some slightly more super natural things. (Not Zombies) there is a lot you could certainly get away with.2. Features. Things like certain clothing giving additional storage space on your character, more reasons to craft things.3. Larger servers. Now, this comes with a request, if you do create larger servers with 40+ people, create larger maps as well. The balance currently feels fairly good, players to amount of Space, but larger enviroments with larger settlements, and larger amounts of  players would allow for some pretty daunting fights. Myself and my friends can take over a server in 10 man groups. The groups are not a bad thing, we love the size of them, but we would like more people on servers to give more resistence some times.The last one is more of a wish. Higher texture resolutions, better character models and enviroment models would be great. The graphics in this game aren't exactly great, but they are certainly not bad to look at. I know it would be difficult, but better graphics would be nice to have. To make myself clear, this game does NOT need better graphics, the gameplay makes this game more than fun and entertaining.For the price, this game is a steal. $10 is an amazing price for the amount of content that you get. There is nothing they need to change gameplay wise, the simply need to continue to add and build on the content of this game.9/10 Would heartly recommend. The DayZ you always wanted."
,Recommended,519190,33790175,Posted: 25 July,all,DJ-DUST,"Great game, looking forward for more missions and updates!"
76561197975184782,Recommended,519190,33790223,Posted: 25 July,all,Stormpie,"Great game. It has tri poliski sweatpants and adidas.Also good squat ingame. I hope a svast drink update comes soon.Fun game for 6 euros. I rate it 8/10Comes with 24m MP, voip, party system, faction system, safezones(banking) quests, crafting system, squats, wanking emote.Probably forgetting a load of stuff.Needs polishing work tho, feels a bit clunky. But i like the way it works.STAY CHEEKI BREEKY MY FRENDS"
,Recommended,519190,33791819,Posted: 25 July,all,McLean,"So in the time that I have played the game, it seems to have great potential for the future and I cant wait to see what more updates will bring."
76561198037511143,Recommended,519190,33807845,Posted: 26 July,all,Getty,"I dont like survival games in general, for some reason i like this one ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,519190,33807902,Posted: 26 July,all,kazum,Met a bunch of dudes who told me about how they would force civs to strip and then would execute them once they handed over all their stuff. A lot of moral questions have been raised and answered for $7.95.
,Recommended,519190,33809244,Posted: 26 July,all,viiking,"*OVERALL: This game is by far the best early-access 'survival' title i have played so far, most of the playerbase on EU servers is russian, but that doesnt matter, the game is awesome:Very FUN, addicting, easy to get into for newer players with the addition of missions (just be safe, people sometimes camp the safe zones).*DIVERSITY: It has alot of diverse gameplay, be it looting cities, killing npc military personnel, fixing your lada, having a knife fight with your mates or some strangers or just chilling by the campfire, cooking some meat while drinking your kefir and tuning in to the russians' mellow guitar play.-I've played this for only 8 hours and i already love it.-*PERFORMANCE: I expect this to run not so well being an early-access title, it's not ultra optimized however my r9 270x+amd FX-6300 with 8 gigs of ddr3 yield me constant 60+ fps and i honestly can't complain, it's not for total potatoes but you can play this fine with a mid range pc. (if you're having problems, beside lowering settings you could try changing the game resolution+your display resolution lower to the matching setting, could help.)=Highly recommended, loads of fun for a very cheap price."
,Recommended,519190,33824508,Posted: 26 July,all,Chevytruckdood,"Even in its early stages this game is awesome, yeah there is some bugs, but hopefully all of early access players can help get them worked out!, I have played 7 hours of this game so far...and i dont want to stop!,  (stupid adulting requires me too....)"
76561198002068040,Recommended,519190,33843024,Posted: 27 July,all,Shrimp and Newt Salad,Ran from a bear only to find another player who shot and killed the bear and then shot and killed me10/10
76561198018822653,Recommended,519190,33857084,Posted: 28 July,all,AlleyKAT513,Great game! Even better with a friend. Graphics not the best but I'm sure that will be improved in the near future.
,Recommended,519190,33910362,Posted: 30 July,all,VP | AR$AL,finally i have something to waste more time 10/10 money well spent... time well wasted
76561198318198762,Recommended,519190,33921570,Posted: 30 July,all,8th MullyDubbz ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"really fun game having a blast playing it still needs some work which is being done and hope to see a lot more content added, and enemies are vicious so really takes the aspect of valuing your life in the game so you don't lose your loot, definetly recommend this game"
,Recommended,519190,35079221,Posted: 20 September,all,Like_Everyone,"I've made a video review on current version of this game. If you're not sure whether you should buy it, watch my video:https://youtu.be/2Mp6WqgFoHYThis game has a big potential. Developers though about necessary systems such as:- groups (group members are shown on the map so It's easy to find each other)- factions (not popular thing in survival games)- quest system (depending on factions there are different quest lines)- levels (you can upgrade your skills)- global inventory (but not pay to win style)- PvE servers- Underground Bunker (Lot of military NPC's but you can find good loot there)All those things makes gameplay much more fun than many other survival games in alpha state. Developers are updating the game quite often.But what I really like is the immersion. Reminds me S.T.A.L.K.E.R game series. But there are no Zombies or Mutants. Main PvE enemies are NPC. This game has one of the best sound design (except footsteps). Ambient sounds are changing depending on player location (for example in the docks you can hear crane cracking, old ship rumbles)Of corse there some cons:- smaller map (comparing to other survival games: DayZ Miscreated)- 24 player server limit.- graphics (but this is one of those games which doesn't need super graphics)- NPC Godlike aim- Everything is in a basic shape (but all the system are working)- some bugsI think this game is worth your support. Good value for money.I'm just Like Everyone, a player who wants to play good games."
,Recommended,519190,35443584,Posted: 3 October,all,burningwicky,"i bought this game on discount (like 7.50 euro), and it is a very good 3rd person shooter,it is very much like romeos aftermath, or one of those clones,the map is really big and is not one but multiple maps connected to each other,their are a lot of cloths, guns and melee weapons.also i have seen vihicles (a apc).Yes their are bugs and translation mistakes,NO i have seen no ingame shop or microtransactions thus far!.all in all played 9 hours in 2 days, and enjoying it!."
,Recommended,519190,33808935,Posted: 26 July,all,Lvcas,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198258742686,Recommended,519190,35035576,Posted: 17 September,all,Sovietsynth,Really good game and the devs are dope its what i have been waiting for for so long i hope to see something like hard core weather or emission's that would add a whole new dynamic i can tell this game will go far
,Recommended,519190,33828958,Posted: 27 July,all,El Chappo | Amazigh <3,Totally worth your money!UpsRealisiticBig MapMuch Lootplacesbetter then dayz in its beta modeDownSome buggs [But the game came out 5 days ago so that is understandable]Its a awesome game to have. Just buy it and you will find out.
,Recommended,519190,35460089,Posted: 3 October,all,Snow Piercer,"Its ""alright"", gets repetitive, fun and interesting at the start. needs more content."
,Recommended,519190,35410252,Posted: 2 October,all,optimus prime.,Hey this is pretty good
,Recommended,519190,35396039,Posted: 1 October,all,The_yoohoo_master,"I really like this game, Only wish i could play it more. But i have Shi*t internet and i was hoping the single player mode would be less connecting to servers and  more stand alone type like local game play. I would love to play this game more but having to connect to servers just kill all chances of being able to play. Hope they can change that."
76561198159622498,Recommended,519190,35489979,Posted: 5 October,all,TwisT,at first i really was enjoyying this gam. then after going to the helicopter crash site.... i shot the bear 2 times in the stomach and 2 in the head. it didnt die and i respawn. do i get my suit back? no. so now i have no wepon. no protection from anything. i think that the starter rifle should do more damage
,Recommended,519190,33921252,Posted: 30 July,all,ric__,nice game
,Recommended,519190,34732586,Posted: 4 September,all,FyriFloo,"Jack Off In The Woods Simulator 2017.Yeah, it's rough around the edges. Literally. Damn those sneaky hitboxes people use as cover.Sure, stealth doesn't work at all.True, the human NPC pathing is like they just smoked crack.But it's fun. I can't say that about most $60+ games, but I can say that about this $10 game."
,Recommended,519190,33704133,Posted: 21 July,all,Lamborghini.jpeg,"Next Day: Survival is a game that tries to emulate the enviroment and gameplay of STALKER but bundled up as a cheap and multiplayer co-op/pvp experience. And it does it very well. The amount of features and gameplay currently is kind of limited, but given its Early Access state, I expect there will be huge amount of polishing and adding more backstory to the game. The main features and the gameplay that the game currently offers you is very good and the game itself runs very well.If I had to pick a negative aspect of the game in its current state, I would say the clunky inventory management, but play it for about 30 minutes and you kinda get used to it.All in all, if you need a quick, cheap apocolypse survival game that you can play by yourself or with your friends, then get this. Especially when the price is this low."
76561198013283265,Recommended,519190,33767416,Posted: 24 July,all,EazyStreet,"Top down it is the best survival game out there! I played Rust, Day z, Escape from tarkov, H1Z1 kinda, but alot of survival games. Yes It is well optimized i can run 120 fps on ultra. No player glitching or aim glitching. This game is so optimized for early access it puts all others to shame on the market.Pros-1 Games well optimized2 No lag what so ever i get 25ms response in server all the time3 No animation glitches that ive encountered4 no glitchy animals that teleport to you and kill you when you had no idea.5 no rubberbanding so far what so ever6 Cool skill system that makes you feel like your actually progressing your character and want to play more7 find fair loot in world without having some♥♥♥♥♥♥ghead kill you for no reason8 game punishes you for killing other players in your faction which puts a bounty on your head so other people in your faction can kill you for alot of reputaition9 people who become traitor earn less reputation10 Fun and not boring with good survival mechanics like getting sick or going in contaminated areas.12 i could go on and on and i never write reviews for games and i think this one deserves one and recognition13 its ♥♥♥♥ing 7 dollars and beats games tht are worth 60 dollarsCons1 microphone glitch for some reason my mic glitches and cant talk in game untill i die.2 thats all i gotta complain about so ♥♥♥♥ off i love this game playing alot more hours to come until desting 2for pc will release. =)"
76561198152871474,Recommended,519190,33773645,Posted: 24 July,all,HANDSOME,"Продукт в раннем доступе, который работает лучше многих ААА проектов."
,Recommended,519190,33693172,Posted: 21 July,all,Yen Lo Wang,"BORIS FINDS THIS GAME TO BE THE BEST OF GAME. RUN IN WOOD, GET COLD, EATEN BY BEAR, TRUE RUSSIAN EXPERIENCE. HEAR FRIENDS DESCEND INTO MADNESS 10/10 CHEEKIBREEKI"
,Recommended,519190,33732785,Posted: 22 July,all,R Fisherman,Def worth the $$
,Recommended,519190,34116380,Posted: 8 August,all,Angeron,👍 S.T.A.L.K.E.R online :D
,Recommended,519190,34129248,Posted: 9 August,all,Victrix ⚔,"Like STALKER with friends, or old DayZ with npcs and missions. Good loot, good guns, good community so far, good fun."
,Recommended,519190,34140469,Posted: 9 August,all,ElVenatus,S.T.A.L.K.E.R but with multiplayer :D
76561198005409431,Recommended,519190,34226524,Posted: 13 August,all,SuddenTv,This game has alot to offer i will keep this short and to the point. It's worth every penny and i would invest now before price increases. I have got my 10 bucks worth of fun from this game x10 over. If the Devs continue to make this game in a way that has a real stalker feel and add more cool enviromental hazards aswell as add more weapons and gear this game will go far. As far as what i would like to see in the game i would like the player pop on servers increased aswell as map size or new zones to explore and travel too and from. Maybe add a cosmetic shop feature for cosmetic skins only that can be added on top of already ingame gear to alter the appearance. NO P2W ITEMS THANKS. Apart from that great game and can't wait for more content.
,Recommended,519190,34147822,Posted: 10 August,all,Crow™,Its a really good EA game just check my hours already in.
76561198198321906,Recommended,519190,33982525,Posted: 2 August,all,Buck,10/10 would recommend this game! =)
,Recommended,519190,33865241,Posted: 28 July,all,tufor,yres
,Recommended,519190,33805104,Posted: 26 July,all,Money Bags,"Review for Next Day: Survival.The game looks very ungraphically inclined for you to even think about buying it. Me and a friend bought it on sale for 7 dollars, and it was probably the best 7 dollars i've ever spent. Forget about the graphics, the gameplay itself is insane. Let me give you your first 10 minutes into the game.You spawn in at a camp way northeast. You have no idea what to do or what anything is. You see a guy with a green arrow or marker or whatever above his name. You talk to him, he gives you quest, you do quest. You do more quests, until you eventually die of hypothermia or another survival counterpart. You spawn right back at the same spot, and are hit with frustration. You realize that there are gunshots south, so you go toward them. You meet a friendly player who seems to have an ak-47 in his possession. You ask, ""how do I play this game?"" he tells you NOT to do the quests, and loot buildings.The premise of this game is just a loot and shoot. PvE is a really strong aspect of this game, as there are two factions. Looters, and Civilians. Joining the faction requires you to kill another player or npc of the rival faction. PvP in this game is very fun, as there is more than 15+ guns, and the map is HUGE.TL:DR Get game, very fun."
,Recommended,519190,33808398,Posted: 26 July,all,•҉Jake,"Playing this game was a longshot for me, because I have been burned so many times before by early-access survival games. As a supporter of the Metro and Stalker series, I was excited to see another game attempt to make their mark on the genre. The gameplay and animations are smooth and I can only see things getting improved from here on out. I ultimately got sold on the price point of the game ($7.50), but I'm sticking around because of the potential."
,Recommended,519190,33821109,Posted: 26 July,all,SteelRabbit,"Play For A While Get Good LookGo Inside Some Heli For More LootRussian guy Traps Me And Mocks My EnglishI Ask Can U Let Me GoHe Says Drop Your GunsI Said No At This Point My Mates Find MeHe Starts Singing Songs As A Random British Lad Barters With HimMeanwhile I Am Looking For A Way OutFine cockPit And Begin LookingAfter 1 Hour I Make It Out Through The Glass Of The CockpitHe Calls Me a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ And Follows Me Trying To Bait Me He Then Finds A BfThey Run Away Together And We Kill Them Get More LootThen They spawn In And We Trap Them Demanding Guns One Crys And Leaves Waits 5 MinsConnects Back We Still there He Scream ♥♥♥♥♥♥, Crys And Then LeavesGG 10/10 out do again"
,Recommended,519190,33862537,Posted: 28 July,all,Bear,"This game is very fun when it comes tosurvivalgames.You can finditemsvery easily and the good part is that you cansellmost of the items to storekeepers that are merchants as well.The Russian atmosphere this game has makes it fun and interesting. There are only a fewfactionsin the game currently: Neutrals (starting players), Civilians (good guys with guns), Looters (bad guys with guns), Traitors (the ones that have killed a member of their current faction and are now enemies to everyone) and the Military (NPCs with the best loot that have an APC).The game has aanimationsfor most actions, like eating various things, foraging, drinking water, filling up your bottle or flask,slav squatting(it's fake, one of the heels is above the ground), having a seat on the ground, checking your ammo, taking your clothes on and off, gutting animals, surrendering, filling up canisters and refueling cars, equiping weapons and everything else that I forgot (basically a lot of animations for mundane actions). The sad thing is that you can't cancel any of them and some of them are pretty lenghty so you become a very easy target to your enemies.Themapis not as big as you'd think but trust me - it's enough. Most of the time you are on foot so the small-ish map is good because you don't waste as much time running around. The running can feel a bit slow at first but I got used to it. There arevehiclesin the game and you can find them easily if you know the spots unless it's a 14~24 player server, then the vehicles will already be taken by someone else.Personally I really enjoy the gun variety and how the guns work and how they sound and the damage and impact of the shots to the body feel good too. It would be nice if the devs added aiming down the sights in First Person, but I could be wrong here. Thegroup shootoutsfeel cool andraidingbases and bunkers is fun too! Playing with your friends is 100x times better as well.There is an NPC helicopter that sometimes flies by and drops a humanitariandropand it contains good loot but I've spotted that it's more likely to be dropped near a Looter settlement and it can be very dangerous for a Civilian there.Now about theproblemsthis game has... I convinced my friend to buy it and he's been having nothing but trouble with this game. First of all, his FPS on lowest possible graphics is just 20~36. That is very sad considering that his PC can run way more graphically demanding games. Second of all, his Neutralquestsbugged out and he can't join any faction, nor can he get the faction selection quest a second time. It's just gone and he's stuck being a Neutral (that sucks because he got killed for that in a Civilian settlement). My PC can run the game just fine but knowing that I can run The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt on max graphics easily and on this game I get only 54~70 FPS on Ultra is just very strange (not experiencing any delay or lag when it's 54 FPS though).Overall the game still has a lot to fix and a lot to advance but I'm happy where this game is going, I personally enjoy this game very much (would be nice if my friend could play it normally as well) and it's totally worth the €8.99.Polar Bear OUT!EDIT: some of the problems stated in this review have been fixed and several new features to the game have been added in the UPDATE [04/08/2017]."
,Recommended,519190,33873065,Posted: 28 July,all,Mr.M87,Feels like a mix between S.T.A.L.K.E.R and Dayz.
,Recommended,519190,33917838,Posted: 30 July,all,Crazy Mike,"pretty good multiplayer stalker esque clone, however it needs more stuff to do, larger / more zones to play in and more purpose to free roaming then just farming the instanced bunker on the map"
,Recommended,519190,33933925,Posted: 31 July,all,KimboRice,Great Game. Just add True Fullscreen if possible.
76561198095342020,Recommended,519190,33746369,Posted: 23 July,all,Yingfengniao,VERY GOOD GAME ALOT TO IMPROVE
,Recommended,519190,33747118,Posted: 23 July,all,Twitch    ☆ TheNames4lex ☆,"The game isn't bad. I can see a lot of potential with it. My only concern is the fact, it is a toned down, less developed version of Miscreated. I would consider, if you are finding yourself lacking things to do in Next Day, to consider checking out Miscreated, as it has the same features of Next Day with added elements such as base building, more guns/items and what I believe to be a nicer atmosphere and larger map.Still, I see a lot of potential with Next Day.. but it needs a lot of work. For the price however, you can't argue."
76561198386691391,Recommended,519190,33747574,Posted: 23 July,all,GG,This game is like dayz but new and improved for only a alpha its amazing
76561198075256096,Recommended,519190,33794599,Posted: 25 July,all,XxBushWookiexX,"Best 7.50 ever spent alot here to do and see better than dayz stand alone vehicles, npcs ,wildlife, crafting tons of guns and items. very much like S.T.A.L.K.E.R I think the only thing its missing is mutants or zombies 10/10"
76561198346670104,Recommended,519190,33748394,Posted: 23 July,all,Thebomberman888,"For an early access game it is so far very good.Pros:Dynamic world changes how you playresource mangement is difficult so it keeps everything interestingcontrols are tightgame meacahnics have worked smoothlygraphics arent badquests dont feel like a boring choreCons:can not delete characterslore is hard to follow at some pointssome people may hate the difficulty of surviving (I enjoy it)throws you staright in so its hard to understand crafting and how to not die basicallyfew questsUPDATE 7/25Next day is continuing to be a very exciting game! everytime i log on i always seem to find something new. At first i believed its content was limited but now it seems endless. You are able to drive tanks, APC'S, cop cars, etc. Furthermore there are secret locations on the map that take time to find. (I wont  spoil where to find these places buit know that there is a bunker in the map!)However, post tutorial there seem to be no quest, this is very dissapointing. Despite the lack of quests, fighting the military is always fun but a challenge. I hope the developer continues to work hard because this games core mechanics are stupendous!"
,Recommended,519190,33748950,Posted: 23 July,all,xKONIGSTIGERx,"Honestly for the price this is a really fun game especially with friends but you can still get value out of singleplayer. I mean yes, its a tad wonky here and there but overall is an interesting and fun take on survival games."
76561198028431470,Recommended,519190,33838587,Posted: 27 July,all,Wolf(Thesewarz),"9/10 Game.My thoughts:It's a very fun game with elements from other games that i've wanted for so long.Such as a crafting system in Dayz, or multiplayer from any of the stalker series.Plus, it adds a cool MMO RPG element of useful skills that can actually save your life and make being a veteran a lot easier and adds a basic quest line ontop of the random sandbox.Along with all of this, it has a working faction system, and NPC's that react to you differently based on your history.And Lastly it ♥♥♥♥ing has a ""group"" system. This way you know exactly who your friend is and where they are. Something I've wanted for so long for ♥♥♥♥ing ever!One more thing too, they got working tanks, cars, trucks, random events, and so much more just after it came onto steam.Overall, I'd tell everyone to buy this game, it's only $10 and has more potential and features than any other survival game out there.Pro's:-Working NPC-Faction system/""Karma""-Working Vehichles-Quest line-Dayz like sandbox-Crafting System-Grouping-Good variety of guns-Random Events-Cheap-No big bugs or glitches (that I know of or seen)-Decent physics for items-Depth in health/disease/food (need to learn what does what/what it helps)I could go on, Just really happy with this game.Con's:-Short quest line-Small map-NPC's don't roam around the map. stay in fixed areas/ settlements.-Small server size-Outdated Graphics (but honestly, who gives a ♥♥♥♥, anyone can run it)That's really all I can think of.My wish:I really hope this game gets a lot more support and love, it's already really good and I love it.I think it would be awsome if they add things like player made quest and roaming NPC's maybe with random traders.Since it really puts the stalker feel into it too, it'd be awsome to see some mutants or a natural problem like that. Even if it's just mutated animals that spread radiation. Or if the random toxic areas would make roaming NPC's and animals into crazy mutants that are super hard to kill.I really could go on, but I guess that just shows how excited I am for this game and all the potential it has."
,Recommended,519190,33746967,Posted: 23 July,all,Snurka,Bought this game once I saw some of my friends playing it. Constantly suprised how much the game already has to offer for it being in Beta and only costinf $7.50. I enjoy the combat system when using guns but not so much when using melee weapons. Suprised at the amount of quests and the hidden bunkers and what not. Would reccomend this game if you have friends to play with.
76561198089829895,Recommended,519190,33748553,Posted: 23 July,all,RatchetPanda,"Was searching for a game late at night to play with friends and stumbled upon this. It looked interesting and  was only $7.50 so why not, my friends and I weren't expeccting much from the game at all. But, It actually surprised us and we played for 4 hours straight! I would would reccomend this game to all and hope the dev's continue to work on this game."
,Recommended,519190,33778222,Posted: 24 July,all,Jmclma,"Im making this review just so you can understand my point of view of this game and to give you a better understanding on if you should buy the game or not.''Next Day: Survival'' is an early access survival game, but this is not your typical DayZ, loot and shoot zombies/players. No, this is like a turn that S.T.A.L.K.E.R. (check out the games if you don't know them) took, its literally the core game but it has multiplayer. For S.T.A.L.K.E.R. fans this is a dream come true, at least for me it is, the trilogy that I loved to play before, I can do it now with my friends.Now about the game, for early access its amazing, I can see why some people put 30/40 mins into the game and give a negative review, they most likely are not used to the genre and can't fully understand this masterpiece, if they experienced games like this they would love it im sure of it.It has a good looting system, inventory management could be better, the survival mechanism (hunger, thirst, cold, etc.) is good, PVP for me is really enjoyable but I can see why some people don't enjoy it, driving mechanics are not bad, lootable areas are amazing, AI not impossible but not easy, quests, some are challenging some take time, map is not HUGE but not small either (played 17 hours and haven't explored it all) and the atmosphere just reminds you of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. There are people complaining on the discussions and reviews about people that camp safe zones, I haven't come across campers, but I have come across friendly people that communicate and will not KOS, although I have been KOS sometimes, there are friendly people that will increase the role playing of this game and it is a lot of fun.About the problems, group system gets kinda annoying since everytime you die you have to join your group again.The bunker is in a differente server, I don't mind this except for the fact that sometimes when you enter the bunker the time it takes to load there could be some people waiting on the other side to kill you and there is nothing you can do.Haven't experienced a lot of game breaking bugs except for some invisable animals that almost killed me.The game is not bad, and a lot of people are complaining, for an early access game its on a good path I hope the devs continue with this game, because it has a lot of potential. Read their FAQ on the discussions tab so you can get a clear idea of what they are doing, and for the price tag the game is totally worth, BUT please do watch some videos first of what this game is about or else you are just gonna be like all those negative reviews, unless you are a S.T.A.L.K.E.R. fan that way just buy the game already you will love it.(Sorry for any bad grammar)"
,Recommended,519190,33814844,Posted: 26 July,all,Genesi[s],"I can with full confidence say that Next Day: Survival truly is a big step in the right direction for the survival genre. When I first started I was in a server with around 14 other players, I spawned at a Neutral safezone during the night. There were a bunch of NPCs moving around and talking.All seemed great; then I noticed it: My body heat was plumeting and I was suffering from severe hypothermia. I NEEDED to find a way to warm up my body. After hanging around near a campfire for a few minutes I approached an NPC with a green arrow above his head, this indicated that he had a quest for me. After doing a few quests, one of which involves hunting a wolf who's been killing people nearby, and also finding a jacket to warm me up, I was horrified to see that I was suffering from food poisoning (those damn berries!!!), the common cold, and was bleeding from a wound I got from fighting the wolf. I desperatly searched for some medicine when another player approached me with a mic, noticed I was sick and gave me some medicine. He wished me good luck and moved on. Sadly the medicine wasn't enough, my character started vomiting and my health was extremely low.I died from ""The common cold"".This is a MUST HAVE for the price it's asking for. If you're looking for a great survival game with an emphasis on realism and actual ""world"" survival rather than just mindless PvP, this is for you!"
,Recommended,519190,33834652,Posted: 27 July,all,[DB] Jayzus,"It has a dedicated ""squat"" key.'nuff said"
,Recommended,519190,33946904,Posted: 1 August,all,Nakanaide,"So after playing a couple of hours my first impression of this game was pretty positive.It does have this kind of STALKER vibe to it wich is really interesting and you mighteven say its a Stalker Online.The game  runs really smooth and it does not have any kind of mayor bugs tho we gotta say its an alpha so obviously there is some but nothing wich made me say ""its so anoying this  cant go on"".The Map is rather big and the game has a lot of different loot.There is also bunkers in this game where you gotta fight your way through a lot of enemies wich is hard aswell as enjoyable.The ui and the ai arent half bad either but its a bit buggy sometimesThe Physiks are also decent, things like driving a car are working surprisingly well.Things that were anoying tho are the server lists. You cant search for a server nor can you sort servers wich makes joining a server with a group a bit bothersome.Joining a bunker sometimes crashes the game aswell.so even tho there is some minor bugs and crashes it was nothing wich made me say this game is not fun.Its still in Alpha so we can hope for way more content aswell as better graphics and gameplay.I can definitely recommend this game and would rate it 8/10."
76561198389369686,Recommended,519190,34179467,Posted: 11 August,all,Evuul,"I have a bug to say, more than a bug an error. And BIG.Makarovs use 380. caliber wich is 9x18mmNo 9x19 wich is 9mm parabellum, the luger caliber for example.That being said i would like it fixed, its a big turndown.I like the game! Keep it up!"
76561198119342627,Recommended,519190,33837895,Posted: 27 July,all,Megamikey,"ive not played this for a long period of time so this should make it clear how much of an instant issue this is,the server system is a serius problem and requires at minimum a server search bar or a favourate system,fix this and a large amount of server traffic would shorten"
,Recommended,519190,33819759,Posted: 26 July,all,KAI5ER_,"I've not put much time into this game (as you can clearly see), however I have to say that without a doubt, even at the $9.99 price tag, it provides you more content than you could hope to see than some other games of the same genre (like DayZ). Consider it a nice game to take a break from other big hits like PUBG, ARK, or Conan.It has a very intrinsic S.T.A.L.K.E.R feel, and an easy to use party-system that lets you group up effortlessly and take on the other factions and players. You spend very little time searching for loot, as the map size is substantial enough to let you either come upon your own weapons or find the remains of a fallen player.Biggest (and maybe only) con thus far are some bugs in the faction system... as a Civillian and friend and I were getting beat up on by another Civillian (or Neutral) while in the Civillian camp. Any retaliation to make them NOT kill you resulted in your faction immediately changing to Traitor.Suggested fix? Punching people or hitting them with your rifle in retaliation should leave them unconcious and not kill them, but also not trigger an all out gank-fest by the faction surrounding you.Otherwise? I recommend this diamond in the rough that has the potential to be a genuinely good game."
,Recommended,519190,33888516,Posted: 29 July,all,SillyandStrange,"This game is fun.  It allows for PVE and it's 10 bucks in EA.  It's really good for the amount of content in it.Of course there are bugs.  NPCs in walls and things like that.  But it's not hard to reaquire gear, especially if you play PVE like me.  Most people are friendly."
76561198134618179,Recommended,519190,33899669,Posted: 30 July,all,JanB55,"it will be great if this game can invite other players,base building and hosting our own server roomcant really recomend bcz of early access"
76561198304177476,Recommended,519190,33804748,Posted: 26 July,all,Hazard1,"Bought the game yesterday and had an awesome time playing it, would deffinately recomend it to any of you survival game lovers, for the amount the game costs it definitely is worth it and it's only early alpha.Adding little touches to the game makes it feel somehow more enjoyable stuff like character animations when you changing equipment.Pvp is fun as well as pve.Factions are a nice touch too something that just makes the game feel better and sets it apart from most games I've played.Definitely an awesome game in the makingThis being my first review says a lot about the game I suppose haha"
,Recommended,519190,33888419,Posted: 29 July,all,ShayonGaming,Amazing game for its price!
,Recommended,519190,33888941,Posted: 29 July,all,Tjaybecks,"Needs rendering asap, i cant really run it but ive seen positive reviews coming from this game."
,Recommended,519190,33898456,Posted: 29 July,all,Boss,If you love Player Unknown but the annoying shield forces you to move - you'll love this game. period.
,Recommended,519190,34075200,Posted: 6 August,all,UnEducatedKyl3,"Getting lost in a game where spending hours locked away in my room seem to pass as quickly as the time it takes to type this comment. A game which provides hours of fun wether your fighting off dangerous creatures or just frolicking around the map looking for stuff. This game, I've experienced none of that. I died to a wolf."
,Recommended,519190,33765410,Posted: 24 July,all,Pathfinder,"Stalker like?  10/10Survival Gameplay  10/10Graphics ? 8/10Game Breaking bugs ? There arent any game breaking bugs.Would i recommend over Dayza SA ?  I havent played DazySA , but everyone who has says that this offers way better feeling and more things to do...If you are a stalker lover , you are gonna love this for sure... Hope the Devs will continue to update the game... very good potential to set new benchmarks..."
76561198064895275,Recommended,519190,34031486,Posted: 4 August,all,[PSDuo]CookieMonster,Very cheekie but a lot of breekie.5/7
,Recommended,519190,33803849,Posted: 26 July,all,Quantum,"Very fun, a lot of features for a game that came out about a  week ago"
76561198064015611,Recommended,519190,33838637,Posted: 27 July,all,MelonMan,"The grafics are nice, the animation system is very nice and the whole athmo is very very nice!Its not a typical survival shooter tho, its more like an mmorp... Took me some time to get into it and understand the concept but now i really enjoy it!"
,Recommended,519190,33839029,Posted: 27 July,all,IHateMyLife,"For a game that basically appeared out of no where and has just come to steam, this is fantastic. I grew up playing the STALKER series and ever since then I have always wanted an open-world STALKER-like game. This is definitely it, minus the mutants. Everything about it symbolizes STALKER and with the 10$ pricetag it would be a joke not to try this game out.The only con that would really push players away, is the challenge of starting out. I died a lot and that was mainly due to looters/traitors attempting to camp the safezone you start out in. This can be easily avoided by using one of the many 4 count servers then moving on to larger capacity servers as you get further into your career."
,Recommended,519190,34560204,Posted: 28 August,all,Калашников,"I bought this game 3 days ago and already have 10 hours of game play. I really like it and think it is worth the 10$.The only problem is if you die in the middle of a quest, you have to exit and return to game inorder to be able to retake that quest again.Besides that a really nice game."
,Recommended,519190,34027139,Posted: 4 August,all,Captain Luffy,"Pretty solid game espcially for an EA, devs are doing updates, and adding content."
76561198370235068,Recommended,519190,34027773,Posted: 4 August,all,UltraEzy,Great game so far! No lag yet on aussie server!Update! I am now 100 hours in and i have my faction storage full of gear and gun and i also have the safe zone full! We need more content!
76561198105150343,Recommended,519190,35154994,Posted: 23 September,all,McLovin,"Alot of content for a low price.  This game has done a lot better than most survival games.  Most mechanics are solid, some still need work.  The AI are brutal, which I see as more of just a challenge than a negative aspect.  As a game that has only been out for a few months, it has outpreformned many of the other games in the survival genre, even some that have been around for years.With that said, this game is a little rough around the edges in some regards.  The wildlife are a little unrealisticly aggressive.  The small map size lacks diversity of locations, and once geared there is very little end game.  If these things are improved, this game will have a bright future."
76561198338987998,Recommended,519190,35216361,Posted: 25 September,all,Professor Salty,honestly ive played alot worse and paid alot more. game isnt bad. runs extremely well on my pc. im very excited to see where this game goes.
76561197991550042,Recommended,519190,33752548,Posted: 23 July,all,Vlad,"Quality STALKER-esque game, still very playable and enjoyable in Early Access. Should turn out to be a terrific release."
,Recommended,519190,34100803,Posted: 8 August,all,BaneLing,"There is a command to squat.+You can equip Ushankas.+You can equip balcavas.+Kalashnikova+There is Katorshka+Addidas=This game is a Life of Boris simulator!Cheeki Breeki Iv Damke!Only big drawback: I still didnt find the Vodka or Kakadu, ♥♥♥♥♥!"
,Recommended,519190,34837682,Posted: 9 September,all,Twodollarz,"Getting my moneys out of it. Could do with more frequent updates. Different levels of Civilian/Looters with different perks, ie quests you can do once you reach rank 2 civ. Improving the character himself will make a massive difference. I find it hard to play sometimes just because of how he handles. I can get past it though and have good fun. It is a good game and i do reccommend it for the price."
,Recommended,519190,33848083,Posted: 27 July,all,N̶a̶t̶e̶™,"For 7$ this game is a steal, PVP is a lot of fun, as long as you have common sense and patience it's really easy to get geared."
,Recommended,519190,34959353,Posted: 14 September,all,Mao,This games great! Like dayz but fun.
76561198319421793,Recommended,519190,33777351,Posted: 24 July,all,Plantation Boy,"Alright.So after some pretty good advice from a respectful member of the community and a neckbeard German who still follows memes from 2003, I decided to take a deeper look.PvP: This is where the cancer is. Unless you abuse item glitches or simply get lucky, you are not going to have fun here. Mostly just a collaborative spawn-camping effort going on. Usually better with friends.King of the Hill: PvP, slightly less luck-based, and in a faster setting. Still won't stop you from being killed in two minutes by the naked who found a makarov before you. Would recommend trying this.PvE: This is the better option of the other two, in my opinion. Whole server is usually friendly and outgoing, so this is where you'll start to learn more about the game and have a little bit of fun in the process.Other notes,I know, it's Early Access. The bugs that do happen are annoying, but easy to cope with. A lot of things make the game unfair for fresh spawn, but learning is half the battle. The few wildlife range from 'EZ' to 'waste of 90 rounds'. AI NPCs are extremely accurate at long distances for odd reasons and stealth usually doesn't work, but it does promote new strategies. Expensive magazines for expensive weapons magically disappear after use and don't use their respective ammo. Factions are kind of goofy since they hold no bounds and usually plays against teamwork.If you're looking for a STALKER-like experience, this probably isn't it, but it does have a few references here and there.Right now, I would say to take parts of this game (it's not finished) with a touch of salt as it seems the developers are working on a lot of improvements, hopefully. Nonetheless, I'm looking forward to it."
,Recommended,519190,34828032,Posted: 8 September,all,✧ Rox ✧,"My Opinion: Not so great mechanically. Better than DayZ in every other way!This game needs A LOT of work, but without the devs following communities voice, it will die.Besides that I LOVE THIS GAME and recommend 110% for only $9.99Currently: 7/10...Update this bih and I might say: 10/10 ;)"
76561197966618980,Recommended,519190,33753330,Posted: 23 July,all,✪Hypokid,Funny game worth ur money! :Ddont give up lady's
,Recommended,519190,33791162,Posted: 25 July,all,XJ,"Worth the $$$1.Game is smooth, combat is enjoyable, there is ""AI"" and ""Wildlife.2.PVP/PVEis fun either solo or with a squad.3.Looting is fair.4.VOIP is a must and this game delivers.5.Updates are being released because of you guys the ""Community.""TLDR:Buy it come on it is cheap and you get what you paid for."
76561198121658020,Recommended,519190,33803113,Posted: 26 July,all,GlobalHawk,"Spawned in had no idea what i was doing, did 2 quests got a gun ran out into the wild got shot in the head in less than 3 seconds, lost all my gear, cried a little, respawned and stood around a campfire trying not to freeze to death, was approached by 3 men who had me virtually pleasure them in exchange for gear. 10/10 best game ever."
,Recommended,519190,33827034,Posted: 27 July,all,HarriS | Gamdom.com,"Hello Everyone Gh0st here and I have to say that after having only 2 hours in this game I already like it more than DayZ!!  So with that being said lets jump into some pros and cons.Pros:Graphics.  Enough said.  The attention to detail in the world, and the items themselves is superb.  I really enjoy the amount of detail that they have put into this game.  As you run around the giant open world make sure you take a look around.Objectives:  You start with a few easy missions to get you some quick gear, but as you approach one of your very first missions outside the safe zone you find out really fast that this game is anything but easy.  I must have died 4 times in my first attempts at defeating one of the missions.price:  look even if you don't like these types of games, for 7.99 US its a great freaking buy and I can tell that I'm definitely going to get my moneys worth even if the game never advances any farther.There are many more things I could talk about but for now lets move on to some of the cons.Movement:  Although it's not as bad as it sounds, it does feel a bit clunky when you try to compare it to other games of this genre.  But on a positive note even with the controls feeling a bit sluggish, its still manageable, and doesn't hinder gameplay at all.So far thats really the only con I have at this time.  I may edit this review one way or another once I get some more hours into the game.So remember, if you are tired of the DayZ bs, pick up this game you won't be disappointed.  Until next time this is Gh0st signing off..............................."
,Recommended,519190,33843811,Posted: 27 July,all,Pa1n,I hope this game will be not ruined by developers. Like others survival/post-apocalypse games. The graphics is little bit old but I know it is still in early access. (I hope it will be not forever. Like DayZ for example.) The gameplay is pretty much fun for $7.49 if you bought it on sale like me. I am really pleased. I think this game have big potential. If you like survival/post-apocalypse game or if you are just a fan of S.T.A.L.K.E.R or METRO games series. Just go and buy it!
,Recommended,519190,33868394,Posted: 28 July,all,MPSK,Very nice gameI hope the developers will support this game in a futureReally cool game not like a DayZ. DayZ is dead :P
76561198056945854,Recommended,519190,34471080,Posted: 24 August,all,John Ross,"Great game, I'm playing the single player right now because I know the multiplayer will most likely be everyone killing everyone on sight. So single player is pretty chill to play right now, you get to take your time and explore get gear all that stuff.For suggestions I would say please put waypoints that you can add and remove on the map. Sometimes I do not know where to go in certain spots. I've died before and luckily it was close to spawn but I still had a hard time finding my body.Other things I would suggest is basically optimizing the game, filling certain places on the map that are barren/dead zones with buildings towns, neighborhood's, hospitals. Add more detailed body armor variations, clothes. Able to Aim down sight on weapons, attachments for guns. Last but not least if it's possible to have on this game where your in 3rd person but when you aim you go into 1st person like in ghost recon wild lands. I do enjoy that feature in other games.Well that's all, it's a great game, I still haven't played multiplayer but I rarely play games that are not team based multiplayers because it's usually cancer unless your rolling at least 5 deep with friends playing together. However my friends have don't play as much video games as I do, and I don't have many irl friends."
76561198107190005,Recommended,519190,33789116,Posted: 25 July,all,DDC || JuandreHunter™,This game is a really fun game. I have to say for it to be a game so early in game time it has come far and the people working on the game thanks for making a game such as this one and improving it every few days really.Just shows you how far the team of such game would go to improve gameplay for the people who buy the game they made for us to enjoy it
76561198385141990,Recommended,519190,33826983,Posted: 27 July,all,theMILKman,this aint going to be a long one .... great game even in open beata work hard get stuff team up go solo ....i died like twenty times from the cold but evrey time i got a little further with more gear teamed up with random peope all out this game is worth the ten bucks you will spend on it 9/10 4.5 stars
,Recommended,519190,33850988,Posted: 28 July,all,[TEI] Gutsy,"I was told I should get this game by a friend, so I got it.I was skeptical at first, oh yeah another suvival game. But then I got in and found that even though some of it may be crude they are definatly going the immersive path especially with the animations. Something as simple as just picking up a cap and actually placing it on your head was a nice and refreshing thing to see.After a night playing it I got Frustrated, Excited, Happy, Angry and then happy again. It is a hardcore loot system but its nice to have the ability to have some backup equipment back in your stash.Right now, I would say it is worth more then I paid for it. Thumbs up to you guys for making a damn good game."
76561198136416927,Recommended,519190,33886147,Posted: 29 July,all,Wild9645,For the price it's 100% worth it but the only thing is that sometimes it can be so laggy but let's just take that thing apart at the end of the day it's some what unique and it has many things to do and done in game which is nice it's like DayZ
76561198041692463,Recommended,519190,34834969,Posted: 9 September,all,Stevo,"This game has already surprised me in the first 30 mins. Not only did I meet friendly folk from the get go, nothing was complicated enough to do, and yet very intruiging. So far I am loving this game, sure, there could be more content also a bigger map,m but they are already in development! Great game. So much better than freaking DayZ!"
,Recommended,519190,33788956,Posted: 25 July,all,Jimbo,"G.O.A.T, This game is what the Division should have been if i was in a russian wasteland. Almost a STALKER Online feel."
,Recommended,519190,33883094,Posted: 29 July,all,Daniel_The_Damned,"While seeming a little small at times, this is early access. Overall, definatly worth the price tag, and a whole lotta fun!"
,Recommended,519190,33922089,Posted: 31 July,all,Rosencrantz_RG,"Spawned, found friend, jacked off in woods. Eaten by wolf.11/10, would play again."
76561198044734664,Recommended,519190,34749760,Posted: 4 September,all,playblaze,"DONT BE DISCOURAGED BY ALL THE BAD REVIEWS!!With around 30 hours into this game i think i can write a review for the person who is looking for an Honest review and how i feel about this game,Altough its not perfect it has grown on me this game is really good it just needs more content but for an early access game its really good playing this with friends will boost the fun of this game by a LOTPros:Good survival feeling/aspect.You can get cold,get sick,loose blood,stomac knots,vomittingSkill tree system wich you do not loose upon dying(Passive leveling)Storage for all your itemsQuest ! yes there is quests in this game its pretty cool i just wish there would be more of itFactions (Same faction can still kill you but only becomes a traitor for 1h30mins)cons:can feel clunky at timesno first personIn all honesty this is hella good for 10$ and they are releasing more content soonIf you liked Dayz you will like this."
,Recommended,519190,34846049,Posted: 9 September,all,Legendary_Shade,Still lots of work to be done with this game but im loving it and i cant wait for the new update coming this september and all the new updates afterwards! One thing i would love is base building at some point but other than that love it! :D
,Recommended,519190,34978365,Posted: 15 September,all,fastfred,good game keep the updates coming
76561198071226112,Recommended,519190,33753788,Posted: 23 July,all,Volkisch,"I dont generally leave reviews for games, but seeing as this game is brand new and needs as much momentum to get off the ground as it can, I figured id leave a review.If you love things like S.T.A.L.K.E.R, Metro, or any form of eastern european post-apocalpyse atmospheres, you will like this game. If you browse /k/, you will like this game. If you are a fan of milsurp, you will like this game.Currently the game is fairly small but I see huge potential. For a game in early access it is surprisingly optomized.Gun fights are intense, its not a shoot em up, be careful because 1 or 2 shots can and will take you out.I love the amount of military equipment and customization when it comes to clothing, and loot is not that hard to find. Within 30 minutes you and a friend can easily be geared with guns and decent clothing, but be warned this applies to your enemy too.Overall lots of fun and huge amount of potential, I cannot wait for more updates  and more content."
,Recommended,519190,33779774,Posted: 24 July,all,d5 rickOshay,"Game is good if you have bad PC, if you have badazz PC game is still good but gets you excited for Escape From Tarkov. Hype on maximum."
76561198086072638,Recommended,519190,33801016,Posted: 25 July,all,c.bundy99,"Pros: Runs smoothly, has 3 factions you can join, has quest from each faction, good amount of guns, solid pvp, base raids, fun with friends.Cons: Map is kind of small (kinda), AI is too wild and too accurate, bugs everywhere, needs first person option (personal opinion).Conclusion: For just $10 (better yet when its on sale) its a solid game. Team up with your friends and you can easily get a good amount of hours out of it. Plus it already has more content then Dayz."
,Recommended,519190,33867940,Posted: 28 July,all,PJD101,BadAss game love it keep the good work DEVELOPERS
,Recommended,519190,33881006,Posted: 29 July,all,<LIVE> twitch.tv/shriveee,"Legit straight east game... Fights can go ♥♥♥♥ off, but overall the concept is gang gang! EAT MY NUTTY!"
76561198124383883,Recommended,519190,33682115,Posted: 20 July,all,Om3gA,"Its early access so obviously it needs alot of work and significant polishing. However, the 4.1 hours I've played thus far have been decent if somewhat slow (single player - actively attempting to break). The physics are occasionally wonky and I'm not overly fond of being able to farm items very easily without doing much, but this isnt exactly game breaking, it just needs some adjustment.Sub $10 not a bad buy, again its early access so expect it to be as such. It plays with significantly less bugs and lag than I'm used to seeing in a game that I would consider an alpha build.The looter / civilian choice should have some better reasoning behind it, in all honesty theres little point in choosing, in either case you fight the opposing faction with (so far) no real perks to choosing either other than convenience of how close the civilian settlement is.NPC interactions - so far so few.Combat - dont bother with melee, the wolf kicked my rear in the beginning as I was expecting a slightly easier time with melee. (You need to complete this to futher yourself - I opted to find a gun and come back to shoot it). The weapon based combat is pretty decent, the hit boxes so far seem pretty solid.Hit boxes - Occasionally there are issues with these, though I'm sure its more of a clipping issue as I have taken melee damage through walls (but not ranged).Character status - something similar to the long dark but you only know when you need to eat / drink / heal. It doesnt actually show you any value of how much water / food / health you have remaining. It does at least tell you if your bleeding out which I suppose is good though this happens quickly.Inventory managment - not bad. Not great, but its not bad.Crafting - obviously and painfully incomplete. Here is every single current recipe;Campfire = Brushwood + BrushwoodRifle = Board + Metal Tube + Catch Bolt + Insulating TapeAxe = Old Handle + Bicycle Sprocket + Insulating TapeVehicles - I have yet to sort out driving a vehicle if its even implemented yet.Anti-Cheat - not fond of their choice of software but it could be worse.Bottom line - If you don't mind alpha state games its not bad. If you do NOT like alpha state games do not buy. This game has a very early DayZ feel (VERY early), except no zombies and a low death penalty (you lose all your stuff but the worst part of that is just losing your gun / ammo that you can come back for).That being said - it might be a cash grab time will tell - but at 7.50 I dont expect much anyway.Update: If you play SP (Despite dev assertation that inventory is global) and then create or join or a MP game you will lose your inventory until you create a SP game again."
,Recommended,519190,33857464,Posted: 28 July,all,The MoDiiFii3r,"You get Hypothermia, you get hypothermia everybody get hypothermia"
76561198040506553,Recommended,519190,33947735,Posted: 1 August,all,GrimmReapurr,In this game you have to die to progress 10/10
76561198410622779,Recommended,519190,34478861,Posted: 25 August,all,Ace | Farmskins.com,Best purches ive made in thismounthyear!
76561198021763573,Recommended,519190,33681768,Posted: 20 July,all,Elimonateor,"It is good. Graphics are fine, as graphics don't make a game (i.e terraria, minecraft, etc) but content, choice, story etc. This game has promise, potential and already a good deal of fun. Food and drink need seem a bit fast, but if you look in the right area its not a problem.The game is mostly in Russian, which isn't a real issue as stalker did and was enjoyable. Though the options do need a translation IMO, though I know thats comming for sure.My only concern is that the game states it is PvE which is Player vs Enviornment Not PvP wich is classic Player vs Player. Though in the discription of the in game PvE it clearly states that you can harm other players. One of my main interests in this game was the PvE to co-op with friends and fight against the NPC populace. I hope this is an option or an option soon to come.Overall, no other complaints. I really like the realism this game has to offer.Thirsty? well you can drink a soda or water and the animation shows, but you can still walk (no running) which I really like. Gotta heal? Well depending on the med youre going to use it takes time to apply the neccesary items to your wound. And in that I find a great deal of immersion.I really look forward to watching this game grow!"
76561198160608974,Recommended,519190,33787827,Posted: 25 July,all,Bloody Scumbag,AH NUU CHEEKI BREEKI IV DAMKE!
,Recommended,519190,33788739,Posted: 25 July,all,Eskimo_JonesTV,Pretty fun game. Devs already working on making the map larger and bringing in more weapons. Worth the 8$ the begining stage is really the only tough part.
76561198040800446,Recommended,519190,33792292,Posted: 25 July,all,T.Eason,"Probably one of the best if not the best survival game out there right now - 16 hours in and definitely worth the buy, especially for the price, the future is BRIGHT for this game! 9.5/10"
,Recommended,519190,33826682,Posted: 27 July,all,Sweaty God,"Well this game is honestly a dream come true. It does everything right. It has some hiccups here and there but in its early stage it already has more going for it than most games in the survival genre such as DayZ and H1Z1.If you'd like to read further I will explain more in detail why I think this game is near perfect.#1.The developers seem extremely active and engaged with their community. The price tag is low, the birds are flying, the sun is shining.#2. It's cheap.#3. It seems that the map size is perfect for the player cap, the gun play is amazing, the factions and safe zones add a much needed element that was lacking in other survival games. It just works. There are some hiccups but for the most part it is going amazingly well.#4. Many people are playing it.#5. It not only looks good, it runs well and plays well. It doesn't come with the clunky mechanics of DayZ or H1Z1, it feel natural and it plays as youd expect it to play.#6. Just quality overall. The developers are just good at what they do, simple as that."
76561198295512337,Recommended,519190,33832781,Posted: 27 July,all,Threeleaf,"I know some of you will say i got three hours in game and I have barly played it. The games not perfect not becuase the developer has not worked it on. Logging off seems to be a issue. It takes an extra 1 or 2 to finaly quit. There are some issues with guns like you have to aim the handgun to fire it even if you wanna go gangster style. The second quest is a death sentence for everyone new.( The wolf will eat you alive, and when you restart kiss the knife goodbye) But all of that this is a game im glad I bought with my money. Its 7.50 us right now and worth every penny of it. I love the food becuase it has some wierd names i never knew before. I hate doing this but if your a fan of Fallout 3. This is the game for you, oh and before you buy this your going to be killed so be ready for that.Always put your items in storage."
,Not Recommended,519190,34539751,Posted: 27 August,all,dog,"Great game worth the $10, Looking forward to where the development goes!edit: Hackers are everywhere, you can dupe by simply picking up items at the same time. Needs a LOT of work. Still fun, but cant reccomend right now."
76561197994548798,Recommended,519190,35238052,Posted: 27 September,all,Wally_c64,"I'm enjoying single player and have played nothing else for the last 3 days. Graphics are ok and functional, bugs at a minimum, enemy AI are as sharp as knives and will wreck your day if you don't use extreme caution. Highly recommended especially if you're a Stalker fan."
,Recommended,519190,33756653,Posted: 23 July,all,VelixGV,"Pros:- This game is basically Day Z mixed with STALKER, minus all the irritating bugs of Day Z- Game has 2 joinable factions: Civilians and Looters- Global Storage and in game money from selling loot. (Kind of like Day Z Overpoch)- Has party system, so you can see your friends in game.- Has Questing system (although this is mainly to start the player off with loot and teach the mechanics)- This game's sound really reminds me of STALKER/Metro 2033- So far zero glitches found.- A rather large variety of weapons. (I've so far seen maybe 30 guns, this isn't including melee.)- The game also has built in PvP, PvE, Single Player, and BR modes (BR currently not in the game, however it will be soon.)Cons:- Graphics looks a bit dated, however they don't look terrible.- Gunplay isn't the best, but also not the worst.- Enemy A.I isn't super smart, if it's an animal you can glitch them out and take 0 damage from them. The A.I. Humans kind of stare at you through walls.- Map is a bit small (maybe 5x5 kilometers) and the player cap is 24 (I think)- Game is only 3rd person, so if 1st person is a must then this isn't for you.Overall, for $7.49 (what I paid) this game is good. A must buy if you have friend and you enjoyed Arma 2 Day ZIf you have any questions about the game, feel free to leave a comment and I will try to answer."
76561198015509798,Recommended,519190,33760032,Posted: 23 July,all,Vllth,Stalker+Stalker
76561198147409137,Recommended,519190,33698335,Posted: 21 July,all,xXBIGDIPXx,im not going to lie i like this game alot. theres aways something to do becasuse of questing. the pvp is fun as can be  lots to do
,Recommended,519190,33691351,Posted: 21 July,all,wazthatme {GG},Feels like a very rocky STALKER game that might sound mean to say but its true it still needs some work. But that said the game is pretty fun and for $10 thats a pretty great price. I hope this game does not get lost to the zone.
76561198200680150,Recommended,519190,33894499,Posted: 29 July,all,BaD CaT,Nice Game 10/10
,Recommended,519190,35017368,Posted: 17 September,all,Pain Enforcer ™,"its dayz with something to do, good for the price, hope it keeps updating"
76561198040054530,Recommended,519190,33801694,Posted: 25 July,all,AchillesVeng,"Awesome, I was going to play within my 2 hours and figured id end up refunding, NOPE. Lovin every minute of it. (lovin every minute of it)"
,Recommended,519190,33827343,Posted: 27 July,all,VWActiveVW,Metro: The survival
76561198103774762,Recommended,519190,34855812,Posted: 10 September,all,Motörhead,Fun game.Worth buying.
,Recommended,519190,33720739,Posted: 22 July,all,Yuri (The first Cosmonaut),Best 7$ I spent in my life!I hope that the devs keep updating the game regularly.
,Recommended,519190,33785472,Posted: 25 July,all,apis,slav squat simulator
,Recommended,519190,33827212,Posted: 27 July,all,boski,"Buy it, just bloody buy it.Now, I'm a Stalker fan. A huge Stalker fan, I saw my friend bought this game in my activity and I clicked on the link for it into the store page, saw 2 screenshots, watched nothing, looked up nothing, bought it. Do as I did because I can guarentee you it'll be one of the best decision you'll ever make. What an amazing game, I can't wait to see it grow and only get better!!"
76561197961522486,Recommended,519190,33842214,Posted: 27 July,all,PUPPYKICKER,"This is an early access review, I only have roughly 10 hours into the game.  I will start by saying:1) I am a huge STALKER fan2) Stalker COP Misery Mod was one of my fav games EVER3) This is as close to a STALKER atmosphere I have in a long time4) Does anyone else have problems with their car disappearing? I gathered all the parts and leave my game and come back only to find my car is gone for the SECOND time! :( :( :(Rock on, great price, great product, great potential , go team"
76561198011800294,Recommended,519190,33796702,Posted: 25 July,all,Meltankos,"If you like survival , hardcore , but I mean HARDCORE , like when you die you gotta hurry and move your♥♥♥♥♥♥to try again ? Yeah that kind , people won't be kind , it's not easy in this game, you die from cold the first time , second time , a wold ? After that you think you're clever , kill someone , become wanted by neutrals + civilians so you can barely loot jack. That's my story , what's gonna be yours ?  DISCLAIMER : DO NOT PLAY IF YOU'RE A BAD LOSER."
,Recommended,519190,33743101,Posted: 23 July,all,EneMy,"Not Bad for  6,74€"
,Recommended,519190,33771398,Posted: 24 July,all,VapeDruidOfUnicornWeedMtn,"The game is already better than DayZ. It has animations for everything, diseases and animals that actually work and aren't buggy. Loot isn't that rare. You have quests and factions. Graphics are a bit outdated, but are good enough. Performance is great (60 fps on maxed out settings on GTX 970). Factions make it so it isn't KOS, and creates some interactions between players. You can see if someone is a looter (bandit) from far away,  so you don't have to worry about identifying someone from up close. The NPCs are a bit too good at aiming, their accuracy is too accurate, so at the moment you have to approach your target carefully, or avoid them. The game also has traders, which lets you sell or buy items, which is nice.Very polished game for an early access. And has high potential.8/10"
,Recommended,519190,35235512,Posted: 26 September,all,Will Kane,"great gameplay for an early access products by the price, if you want to help with the development, buy it, if you dont, who cares?"
76561198076357371,Not Recommended,519190,33902099,Posted: 30 July,all,Kempleslice,"Wasn't happy with the experience of this game. It took a long time to gather enough resource and supplies to go about our beginner quests and then it was all trashed upon us by Looter campers with AK-47s at the pharmacy all while we were carrying a ""make shift rifle""... Unbalanced and wasn't happy about that."
76561198114904296,Not Recommended,519190,34097692,Posted: 8 August,all,Zandatsu,"Is it better than Day Z?Well, graphically? LOL no... not even closeGameplay? ♥♥♥♥ yeah... play Day Z and it's glitch after glitch after glitch with empty promises from Bohemia and hours upon hours of running to one place only to find that there's no loot for you to useHowever... this game is... well... it feels like the price.-The camera is wonky when indoors (no first person and the camera is right behind you looking down at an angle.-Gunplay is super cheap feeling (when you fight NPC's they turn on axis without animation and fire very bright and slow bullets at you with no visible recoil). Shooting others is really cheap feeling too with bullet feeling slow and almost completely harmless (could have been lag, but still).-Sound is awful... if you get a cold be ready to get annoyed FAST by the same looping coughing sound bit-- to piggy back off of the coughing... if you're sick it happens OFTEN and when you character coughs the 3 second sound bit you can't do anything beside move your character (no looting, moving in inventory, opening things, etc).-Models are cheap looking...-Animations are really meh...Look, it's a 10 dollar game. Don't expect this to be amazing. If you've got friends then maybe this will be something fun to play. As of now this game is NOT ready for Early Access.No, I do not recommend this game. Not saying it's bad... just saying that it's a 10 dollar game that feels exactly like that ... a 10 dollar game."
,Not Recommended,519190,34547898,Posted: 28 August,all,Pat Fenis,"Seems like they spent more time and money on the little promo video than on the game development. The graphics even on the highest settings just look like absolute garbage for a game released in 2017. It's poorly optimized. This game is not well polished at all. Too many games on Steam say ""Early Access"", we buy into them, and then the devs stop developing. This is an unacceptable pattern. There is no Tutorial, no instructions, no voice-overs.The game starts by simply loading you into a zone (forest) and provides you with no instructions. You're just supposed to figure out whats going on.The screenshots HAVE to be photoshopped,  it simply doesn't look good at all and it was hella boring. I was baked and it was boring, that's saying a LOT."
,Not Recommended,519190,33965630,Posted: 2 August,all,Peeeople,"Game for hackers. If u re not a cheater, don't buy this games."
76561198007820722,Not Recommended,519190,34023861,Posted: 4 August,all,Arkangel,"Love the concept.  Could love the game, if I could log in.  Cannot get past server select screen.  Getting a refund and checking back later to see if it, ultimately, becomes playable."
,Not Recommended,519190,34339841,Posted: 18 August,all,Nox LF1 - NL/BE,"The game in its current state is crap, NPC's literally can shoot you through Tree's (Military)Loads of hackers in servers that just spawn in a tank with infinite health.I'd suggest to wait untill they further developed the game."
,Not Recommended,519190,33964169,Posted: 1 August,all,kk,Too many glitches for now. I'll wait until it's playable.
76561198069225297,Not Recommended,519190,34247680,Posted: 14 August,all,Raku Konpaku,"Has potential, but currently quests are bugged if you die during them and people can camp the starter area which has players listed as ""neutral"" so either faction can kill them with no penalty. A particular problem is a starter quest that requires toxic protection but if you die during it you only get half of it back which would not be a problem if it wasn't for the bear that spawns there and you cant survive dealing with the bear and toxic at the same time as a starter.Would hold off on purchase until things are fixed."
76561197989260817,Not Recommended,519190,34208100,Posted: 13 August,all,Hannibal Lamb,"Very boring game.Solo play gets old very fast as the mobs you encounter are humans, bears, and wolves. Thats it. The quests are super generic, get this, go here, shoot them, come back. Not to mention the Military AI can track you like they have ESP. I fire a shot from the south, drop behind a hill and flank from the east, and they are shooting at me the entire time with no way of knowing where i am and where i am moving. Even in Stalker you can dupe the AI if your sneaky enough. Crafting is a joke, you can craft a few items but nothing special.As for PVP its the same crap different toilet. You get good stuff, get shot, have to go out and get more stuff. You get good stuff, hacker A kills you, takes your stuff, you have to get more stuff. Its nothing special or new and seems to be mimicing several games at once, from stalker, to dayz, to even unknow player battleground.No mutants, zombies, or other monsters to fight. Just either super dumb AI or Super OP AI.Save your cash and move on to something more finished and complete. This is nothing more then a quick cash grab via Unity."
,Recommended,519190,33759162,Posted: 23 July,all,KRUSTY,"YESYESYESDONT FREEZE, DONT ♥♥♥♥ WITH ALL THE QUESTS AT THE START,GO LOOT AND SELL!GO KILL SOMEONE!AWESOME GAME"
76561198049617277,Recommended,519190,33754089,Posted: 23 July,all,Danne Mannen,Its a really good game :)
,Recommended,519190,33793658,Posted: 25 July,all,Squirt,"LET ME ♥♥♥♥ING TELL YOU ABOUT Next Day: SURVIVAL.YOU WILL DIE.DIE AGAIN.AND AGAIN.But at last! There is reward!Very... minimal.. BUT REWARD!Next Day: Survival may be a bug filled, glitched, ungodly amount of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t simulator, walhacking ai and many other... errm things.BUT, I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not.This game is widely ♥♥♥♥ing worth it.In every shape and form.BUY THIS GAME, SIT ON A CAR, FREEZING, HIDING FROM A BEAR AND DIE FROM A COMMON COLD.BUT YOU KNOW WHAT???You'll have fun doing it.8.5/10"
,Recommended,519190,33817688,Posted: 26 July,all,Ciarán ∆,Its decent enough
,Recommended,519190,33798169,Posted: 25 July,all,Spraky99,"Pros:- Good loot- Best combat- Friendly community- Best sniping- Addictive gameplay- Interesting quests- Optomized graphics- Fun game to play with friends- Easy to find transportCons:- OP NPCs- Small map- Nothing much to do- Crafting system is dead- Respawn of the players while raiding the faction base is very fast, they gear up and come back in no time its very hard to kill them sometimesBugs:- Bunkers crash the game- NPCs respawn very fast- NPCs walk into the vehicles- Running into vehicles throws people away and we get damagedSuggestions:- Add more factions or maybe let the players make their own factions- Add faction raiding or base raiding- Base building- Base raiding- Explosives- Add more quests- Let players group up from their mutual faction because this way it causes a lot of trouble, people help each other from different factionsThe game is worth the money, no regrets buying it at the end of the day its still an early access product and i'm pretty sure the developers will try their best to get the game better with time. 11/10 would play 25/8 again."
76561198142378048,Recommended,519190,33871965,Posted: 28 July,all,TrumpYoRump,"For 10 bucks, it's pretty awesome. It's basically buying a burger that'll hold you off for quite some time with that price point."
,Recommended,519190,33722089,Posted: 22 July,all,Ukiyo,To cut a very long story and review short. It's as if WarZ/Infestation/Escape From Tarkov/S.T.A.L.K.E.R/DayZ Had a child that had a very abusive child hood but can grow up to be something better and more sucessful than his/hers parents.
,Recommended,519190,33694958,Posted: 21 July,all,TheFunkyNipple,Only got to play prior to heading to work BUT I really enjoyed my time playing it. Minus the flippin' bears xD its a fun game and will probably go far if the devs are consistent.
76561198107014354,Recommended,519190,33735578,Posted: 22 July,all,Chucky,"This is the best survival game that I have played so far, for me it's even better than DayZ Standalone.It has some bugs and some translation mistakes, but as you guys know it's still an early acess and I think it has a lot of potential. Hope the rest of you agree with me."
,Recommended,519190,33784102,Posted: 25 July,all,sit and look pretty,"Really balanced between PVP and PVE, worth so much more than 10$ tbh.- it has quests- you get to fix cars and drive them- fight the millitary in hidden bunkers- amazing graphic for a 10$ game- teamming system"
76561198125811268,Recommended,519190,33943616,Posted: 1 August,all,Dumb fagg,great first time playing this its great fun
76561198079533427,Recommended,519190,33775019,Posted: 24 July,all,Cyanide,It's not not bad so far though I feel the start my map area is a bit small compared to the game it most resembles S.T.A.L.K.E.R.I did refund this game for the simple reason of no having first-person yet.I will be following this game's development.
76561198068226950,Recommended,519190,33774854,Posted: 24 July,all,larrybucks,"This is a early review and Note when i wrote this it was in beta/AlphaFirst of all this is not the most hardcore survival game youve ever played this is a mild version in my opinion of Dayz with many more survival featuresOne problem this game has just in like Dayz is that youre character gets very hungry and thirsty and hypothermia is a killer in this game the second you spawn you will almost always have ""Normal hypothermia"" meaning your character will freeze to death over timeAI is really cool and they have there features but not the AI thinky thinky part they will shoot you directly through certain objects and is super annoying considering the fact medical supplies are super hard to findbut the game is in alpha and i wanted to write this just so you can see what main things are really happening and dont want to bring down the reputation so im leaving a positive review"
,Recommended,519190,33774644,Posted: 24 July,all,Ceronos,"I've played nearly every major survival game within the genre. Survived countless hours, slain hundreds of friends/foes, and have died more times than a shotty Dark Souls noob.Next Day: Survival is in many ways, DayZ without zombies.Wolves are still present, and will kill you...often. Bleeding is your personal worst enemy in this game, as medical items are scarce and with my barebones knowledge of the game, hard to craft.I played single player to get my feet wet, and the game doesn't hold your hand whatsoever. One of the first tutorial missions: Go kill this wolf in a field with a kitchen knife. Right? The wolves must be pretty easy? Nah.I killed it, stumbled back to camp with visible gut wounds as my character clenched his stomach, and proceeded to bleed the f**k out in the safe zone.Ok, so most people get that you have to wander out into the world a bit. And that's what I did with my newfound life. I gathered my things and set off down the road to the first town, hit some buildings, got an airdrop and had a merry time shooting at some looters before heading back to the base to tackle the tutorial again.I didn't get much farther into the tutorial.This game....feels like DayZ. Everything about it, but on a lesser level of quality. Believe me, I hate DayZ by this point. I played it earlier today in hopes of seeing progress, and there was none. That's when I found Next Day.....Survival games are a dime a dozen, but at least this one has NPCs if you wanna just casually play it.The game is okay. Nothing special yet, but not actually bad. Just a challenge and a joy to learn a new game."
,Recommended,519190,34206607,Posted: 12 August,all,CONNORJ177,This game is everything Dayz could have been.Very cool environment with lots of quests and story missions to do.
,Recommended,519190,34151497,Posted: 10 August,all,literally fucking aids,"I get 1000 fps in the menu, would recommend best game ever-TheZiver"
,Recommended,519190,34135172,Posted: 9 August,all,Red Person but Orange,"Lol the guys who attacked the camp were civilians, and also, if you like to wait in a bush outside enemy spawn, to be an urchin and eat off of others success, be a civilian, for real, but if helping ppl is your thing, be a looter and help some Neutrals get loot."
,Recommended,519190,33756142,Posted: 23 July,all,Ludvik,"I only have invested two hours at the time of writing this review, but having said that I have tried the base mechanics and have a general understanding of the game. Even though the graphics are a little old for it's time, it is clear that they possess a certain charm to them which is reminiscent to the S.T.A.L.K.E.R series. The frame rate is excellent and runs very smoothly which helps gunfights and player actions commence seemlessly and naturally. The looting system is well designed with higher-tier gear on the Hostile NPC's and 'civilian grade' guns located in the world. The quest system isn't particually my cup of tea but those who enjoy RPG's might take a shining to this. The AI in the world is well balanced and poses a REAL threat unlike some other survival gamesdayz*cough*. The only complaintso faris that the temperature and illness system needs to be nerfed as it is almost impossible to traverse at night without freezing up and dying.TL:DR - Cheap survival game with fun pvp gameplay and interesting pve interactions."
,Recommended,519190,33889865,Posted: 29 July,all,DasGetarnteKadse,it is good BLIN!
,Recommended,519190,33889901,Posted: 29 July,all,YUSOFF TAYOOB,-Thought i saw a victim i could kill-Victim have a group of people-I was The victim10/10 would watch them yell in russian while watching them T-bag my dead body
76561198211264545,Recommended,519190,33837968,Posted: 27 July,all,Lucas,"Even though dis is not my type of game, and i only play for 6 hours in the end, but still it is very fun because of the functions, even though the graphics is bad, overall im still satisfy with the gameplay"
,Not Recommended,519190,33809184,Posted: 26 July,all,M-B-S141 AFK FOR A LONG TIME,this game very slow for updates im not pretty sure about new and the first update in the game will be very big stuff/so pls be fast peoples got bored of that and im one of them if the new update was cool and huge i will change my review
,Recommended,519190,34715377,Posted: 3 September,all,GreekComrade47,"An honest and unbiasted review:So i wanted to be careful with this game and so i decided to test it for two hours and then see if i should request a refund or not.I requested a refund BUT this doesn't mean the game is not good.In the two hours i played the game i met some good guys that gave me weapons loot and we drove in car together.Cool right?Well yeah but also a bit boring, not much action going on and for me at least it wass kinda a waste of time. I mean, i wanted to have fun but it was meh.If i could describe the game i would call it meh.Performance was fine for me GTX 1050 2GB (100$)Also another fact that bothered me was the clunky movement.I give Positive because it has potential and i will surely check it in a few monthsI would rate 6/10-meh"
,Not Recommended,519190,33905361,Posted: 30 July,all,OuweKnar,Way to ruff scaled and put on the market with loads of errors.Although it has potential..My opinion is : another Rusky game for making $ for the developers...Lets see..Ill hold it in Inventory for now...Not so good*
76561198145470078,Recommended,519190,34090080,Posted: 7 August,all,kingtiger,second best game i ever played after rust  great money system great weapons. if you want this game to have mor players and more fun make wars between the 2 teams. example: make a flag on the top of the looter base and one on the civilians side ( only in 16 to 24 servers) and this flag appear for 1 hour of everyday the faction that can take this flag can get a box that can contain a very rare weapon and a special costum to the heroes. and 1 more thing you should add skins to weapns and armor that you can buy from steam. good luck guys great game
76561198168690505,Recommended,519190,34285425,Posted: 16 August,all,✡KINGELI✡,Not 100% sure about this one yet but it looks promising so im gonna thumb it up.
76561198183496411,Recommended,519190,34987883,Posted: 15 September,all,DMoo,"Don't listen to the reviews, played with two others. Bloody brilliant game! Can't wait to see what you do with it. It's DayZ but waayyyyyyy better. I'll be playing this for a while. 10/10"
76561198250154280,Recommended,519190,34563401,Posted: 28 August,all,papiedgar69,game is kind of hard but still kind of fun
76561198122523505,Recommended,519190,34567754,Posted: 28 August,all,Jimmer,great game a nice stalker feel to it would love to see this game as a fisrt person shooter alot can be done to this game i could list multiple things to add but it is a new game and im sure the creators have lots of ideas to add to this small fun game
,Recommended,519190,34582660,Posted: 29 August,all,MrWoo,"Game with alot of potential. Enjoying playing it. Very good songs.-As new player prepare to be near fire whole time-Always have food and medics in your inventory-Of course enough ammo-Community is nice, yust be nice to people and you will get some stuff for free-Of couse to there is some players that camp in front of safezone to kill you but yeah,you can get over it.-They should add more guns and clothes-Ability to buy any ammo in any camp-Restarting characters because there are some quest that u can't do if you are Looter-More often updatesIn total, best survival game that I played so far :)-Cheers, Woo"
,Recommended,519190,33754688,Posted: 23 July,all,HJam,Verygoodyes
,Recommended,519190,35163501,Posted: 23 September,all,KnoxHitman,"I have only played this game a few hours and I've already been able to see the potiential this game has. There are still little bugs and random things that need to be fixed. For example when you want to switch your equiped items for an item in your bag you must first unequip the item then equip the other instead of being able to drag one item ontop of the other and they switch automatically. Also to change backpacks to a larger one you must drop everyhing on the ground switch your backpack then pick everything up. You could only imagine how much of a pain in that A. this is.Like I said though this game has some real potiential if they patch, upgrade, fix the little bugs and do some more detail work. I personally am hoping they get this game on track because it could definetly be a great game. As I said I only have a few hours of play time on this game so I havent gotten super far in the game so I'm planning on doing another review once I check everything out. As of now I would say the game is worth the 5 or 10 dollars it costs but keep in mind this game is still being worked on so dont expect this game to be a finished product if you buy it.So to summarize, Definetly could be a great game, still has things to work out and I would recommend this game."
76561198274529285,Recommended,519190,35168230,Posted: 23 September,all,Dingaling,"For a game thats $10 its really worth it. If youre looking for a survival game that allows you to go against other players then this game will do it. Although the AI is a little hard to fight against, combat against them is still fun."
,Recommended,519190,35165231,Posted: 23 September,all,NukeWand,Decent game
76561198134566810,Recommended,519190,35188915,Posted: 24 September,all,Lethallady,"DISCLOSURE:  I have put almost 14 hours into this game (straight, mind you - in one day - I couldn't stop playing, it is that good) and have only been playing single player so far at the time I did this review, so keep that in mind when you read this.  I do go off a bit on the trolls who are trying to destroy the game, so be aware - there is some nerd-raging going on.  One paragraph has some spoliers, but I marked it clearly for those who do not want to read the spoilers.I am seeing that majority of the negative reviews come from the PVP servers due to campers and hackers.  That is a shame.  Hopefully in the future the Dev(s) can fix those problems because those issues can completely destroy PVP in any game.(NERD RAGE PART 1)It would be even better if the trolls found something better to do with their time than camp a bunch of noobs, but some people are just that angry inside, sadly.  I also don't understand the cheating.  There is no benefit!  It is a lot more fun playing the game legitly.The concept behind having two opposing factions and a neutral faction would make PVP a lot of fun in this game.  It has a lot of potential to be something amazing if those two major issues are addressed for the PVP servers.(NERD RAGE PART 2 COMING)I REALLY wish that players who camp understand that they break a game's playability for some players.  I mean, if they enjoy PVP so much, why would they want to ruin it?  It makes no sense.  Those who like to PVP in a game give the game a bad name when they behave this way and then no one buys/supports the development of the game and they end up not having any noobs to camp.  How is that working out for you?  Anyway... (grrrr!!!!)Besides a few glitches that are not game breaking and some balancing that needs to be tweaked a little (it is early access), the PVE side of things is awesome!I love the music, the environment is pretty awesome and the quests are challenging enough to keep propelling me forward.  I can't wait to play with a few friends on a server (that's in the works) to see how that goes.I find that the map is large, despite those complaining.  It might ""shrink"" due to playing it so much for some folks, or playing with multiple people on one server, but for a noob like me who is playing single player, it is more than sufficient.YES, In the future it would be awesome to see them expand on the playable areas to keep the game going and future-proofing it.  For instance, there are tunnels that could lead to a completely different map to explore and quest in.  The potential is already there, so I am hoping that is their plan because I don't want to see this game end, TBH.The quests can be done whenever you want to do them, although I suggest you work on them until you have to choose a faction because they do help run you through the basics and gear you up with stuff you will REALLY need!  But after that you can explore, gather loot, upgrade your gear, work on leveling up your stats if you are finding the quests to be a bit too challenging and even get a car to help get around (although the maintenance on them needs some balancing).  In other words, you can play this game without fussing too much over the quests if you want a more 'sandbox' experience.A few things you have to know about the quests are:  READ THEM so you know what you are walking into the first time (and know what you are doing) .  As a noob, I did find that it was important to read them before you accepted them.  Currently, you are not able to open your quest tab and read all of the information about your current quest in there (it is a very brief discription), so it is very important to read them before accepting them.   The quest giver gives you a lot of helpful information about the encounters, so it is worth taking the time and reading them.You must do the quests in order.  You cannot move onto the next quest without finishing the first quest, so if you are lost on where you are at in the quests, hit your tab button and check out what quests are active (last icon on the uper left of that window, looks like an earmarked piece of paper).If there are no active quests listed, you may have to wait a little while until one comes available so stay in the area where the quest givers are, sell some stuff, put stuff in storage, eat, drink, rummage through the nearby buildings for respawned loot - kill some time and watch for the alert in the bottom left corner of your screen notifying you that a quest is available.If you die before completing a quest, you will have to go pick up the quest again and redo it.  It can take a bit for the quest to become available to pick up after you die, too, so be patient, the game has it's own rhythm.*~*~*~*~*~*SPOILER ALERT!!!! *~*~*~*~*One thing to be aware of: That first bear quest can be a nightmare if you die in the green cloud, so kite him as far away as you can from that toxic stuff before taking him on, or you will die from the poison trying to retrieve your items off your corpse (and you will, unless you are in a group of friends because that bear is tough!).In single player, I kited him ALL the way to the gas station and ran up the car ramp, which ended the pursuit.  Then I shot at the bear, killing it from my perch.  It is a little cheaty, but in single player mode you take what advantages you can, when you can!*~*~*~*~* END SPOILER *~*~*~*~*As for negative aspects, I really wish I could understand the dialogue from the NPC's and read what is on the signs and labels.  It doesn't take a lot from the game for me, but there have been times where I wondered what the NPC's are saying and what the signs and labels say on things.  Luckily, when you mouse over things in your inventory, it does tell you what it says in English on items, just not out in the world, nor is there subtitles when NPC's are chatting, so you are kinda left feeling a bit like an outsider/intruder.I am also hoping there will be something to do in 'end-game', so-to-speak to keep the game going.  I would hate the game to suddenly end and there be nothing more to do (yes, I like the game so much that I do want to see it continue).Other than that, there are no real negatives for me.  Again, I am not a big PVP-er, but may try it out in this game once some of those big issues are fixed.  It does have an appeal for me in this game for a few reasons.  One, because it's a great game, even for Early Access.  Two, I think having the three factions and then the consequences for becoming a traitor is brilliant!  Three, overall it sounds and feels really well thought out just needs work on the execution part of it so it works better for those who REALLY want to play and not just troll.If you are on the fence about it, consider the price.  You will definitely get your money's worth picking this one up for as cheap as it is, especially when it is on sale.  I don't think you will be disappointed despite all the negative reviews - which  with some of them I am still having a hard time understanding completely.I play a lot of survival/sandbox type games, as well as RPG's and this one is a great balance of the three.  I really, really like it and can't wait to see what's in store for the future of this game."
,Recommended,519190,35213349,Posted: 25 September,all,Brother Mhenlo,"Really good game, great atmosphere to it and ever expanding. Play with friends and enjoy the quests/loot time.If you're out to make friend or enemies this is the game to play"
76561198159709323,Recommended,519190,34964820,Posted: 14 September,all,Kalvin Klein,"Decent game, pretty fun to play with friends but couldn't imagine it being fun playing alone.Graphics a less gloomy when you actually play compared to the trailer and pictures but they're still tolerable.7/10 rating and is very much worth $10"
,Recommended,519190,35281702,Posted: 28 September,all,☣✪F3Z5T3CH✪☣,Love it just love it good macanic of a game & i have ben killed by a bear  in a toxic fog FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
,Recommended,519190,35307404,Posted: 29 September,all,Capitain Frag,"its an nice game, i have enjoyed a lot with my friends so far, still need lot of updates, but for this price and be early access i think it worth the buy."
76561198261789544,Recommended,519190,34891436,Posted: 11 September,all,aidan.b412,"Well Priced, Extremely Fun, cool story and setting and cool gameplay mechanics. One of my favorite games as i have nearly a hundred hours logged on NDS."
,Recommended,519190,34952191,Posted: 14 September,all,☆║Mr. Ecstacy║☆,Looking forward to this. Great going so far.
76561197991067959,Recommended,519190,34003890,Posted: 3 August,all,ady187,Best game ever in my opinion... I recommend it to anyone with a spare £9. It is more than worth it. Hard to get into but once mastered the game becomes a masterpiece and a game I've always wanted. Thanks Devs for making this. Trust the good old Russians. Simple and effective or extremely complicated and hard to do yet still effective. I get killed all the time and still come running back for more. I love the amount of loot that spawns and the ability to sell it and also store all my items cross server. Please don't change these things. It enables me to take much bigger risks thus making my heart beat like crazy with adrenaline pumping around my body on fire having the time of my life... Then I die so back to the loot grind for half an hour or so to get gear stocked back up and then I'm ready to go to the bunker again after a welcomed break just chilling looting but still with the risk and being killed at any time.... Its edge of your seat action at its best.  10/10 AAA
,Recommended,519190,33697897,Posted: 21 July,all,♕ShaggY♕,"Played 2 hours already think it's amazing. Good concept, can't wait for the final build. Goodluck bois <3"
76561197986098571,Recommended,519190,33707274,Posted: 21 July,all,gomimin,"Well buying Early Access Games is investing in Game Devs dreams ... this game has for sure some way ahead to be fully finished  but it's already worth the investment if you're into this kind of game settings ...FX6300@3,5, 16 GB DDR3, 1060/3, HDD - Max settings 1920x1080 - 55+ FPS - less than 50 ping on EuroServer"
,Recommended,519190,33698046,Posted: 21 July,all,[SG] GucciCarry,"While only playing less than a hour I enjoyed the time I was on this game. It's basically DayZ, PUBG, and H1Z1N all mixed into one. I give this game at least a 7/10 and do suggest you to pick it up if you haven't already. If you like survival games it's actually really good and worth the price tag. It's extremely cheap for the amount of content it has for an Alpha game. It has a lot of room for improvement and I can see a bright future for this game.Feel free to check out my video I did on it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcNxnXPwKzs"
,Recommended,519190,33699449,Posted: 21 July,all,S.Y.N.C,the nice game ... should bring the status for water and hungryand many npcs
,Recommended,519190,33752758,Posted: 23 July,all,Ymmat_in_the_hat,Joined a gameit was nightkeept running from fire to fire to stay warm10/10would cheeki breeki againThough for real this is a Roleplaying game sorta small but fun to roam map with quest to get loot and such.Most of the negative reviews are pointing to the lacking gameplay and or the graphics being bad And most dont even have a good hours worth in game like the launched it and went EWWWWWWWWWWW WOT IS THis. Legit dont even look at the negative reviews unless they have a high rating because half of them are trash.This game has graphics close to arma 2 and the dayz mod lmaoInstead of other survival games where you are dropped in on the coast of the map and you just have to push into the map to get loot and progress this game uses the quest to get you some starting loot and there are safezones so you dont get snipped 5 seconds into your life.Also its a ROLE PLAYING GAME YOU RP if you wishAnd you can make your own server or play singleplayerand its still in early acsess so more things will cometldrIf you like stalker or rp buy this game
76561198360343987,Recommended,519190,33752296,Posted: 23 July,all,TwiceINaRow,"Very cool game recomended 100%,best deal you can get for 8$ hope they countinue update and add more content to the game.Only think is i dont like very muck is the size of the map but i am sure they will add bigger maps to.A++++++++"
,Recommended,519190,35137198,Posted: 22 September,all,Blyatman,"Pretty good game for this price, need more content for sure ,pick pve server and bring your friend for extra fun. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,519190,33688233,Posted: 20 July,all,Griffin,Has potential
76561198295574101,Recommended,519190,33688563,Posted: 20 July,all,DreamMachine,"Ok, so for $7.50 this is a good little game.  Does it have some glitches and bugs, yes but nothing you can't live with.  Are the graphics top notch, nope but it was less than $10 to buy.  It's an over the shoulder PVP based looting game with safezones and NPC quests who reward you with money and sometimes weapons.  You have two factions plus the swarm of neutrals who are players who never completed the first few quest to be able to join a faction.  Almost 7 hours played already and feel I got my $7.50 worth.  Can't say that about other games I've paid way more for.  Side note, getting food poisoning is funny as you do end up vomiting all over the ground.**Edit after 30 hours:  Wanted to add that the developers are very active and are aggressive with trying to fix bugs.  They are also showing future map expansions and listen to the community.  I highly recommend this game."
76561198097489639,Recommended,519190,33689884,Posted: 20 July,all,Wood Chuck Norris,so far i like it. keep up the updates and it should be a good game.
,Recommended,519190,33689960,Posted: 20 July,all,INFINITY,"Started up this game with a friend. Game crashed about 10 times at the start for me. Verified integrity right after install 3 files were missing. After 30mins got it working. Done a few missions. Got a knife went to kill a wolf got shot by a russian. Took an hour to get a new knife to finish the mission got shot again while gutting the wolf. Went back got my knife back killed a wolf again gutted it and finished the mission. Died from bleeding lost everything. Went to a city got hit by a wolf once, died from bleeding again since i didnt find any bandages. Went to a military base got shot by an npc instantly. Overall a decent game, but only fun if you have friends to play with."
,Recommended,519190,33690217,Posted: 21 July,all,Boomysum,This game is not bad for being early access and at the price it is at. At the time of writing this I have only got in about .4 hours in it but I can tell it is going to be a good game. The only thing id like them to rush and get done would be everyone speaking ENGLISH!!
,Recommended,519190,33738629,Posted: 23 July,all,mr.burau,+REP Super Fun! This game shouldnt be so cheap for how good it is.
,Recommended,519190,33687865,Posted: 20 July,all,JT,"Look, as others have said this game isn't perfect but if your into games like DayZ, Rust, PubG & miscreated I'd highly reccomend picking it up for such a low price. There is naturally a few bugs and learning how to craft can be difficult as of right now beacause there is a lack of resources available online but I can honestly say I'm more then happy with my purchase and I look forward to seeing the direction this game heads in."
76561198136328219,Recommended,519190,33689878,Posted: 20 July,all,TexanCrusader87,S.T.A.L.K.E.R. With Your Friends!
,Recommended,519190,33689978,Posted: 20 July,all,Tales From The Dark Side,"I think this game is pretty good compaired to other survival games like Dayz or S zone, it has many things going for it likequests, crafting and gun fights that you have to be careful of.The graphics are ok but I love how this game has it together, it is still early access so there will lots of changes yet and look forward to what the devs have in the future.For what it costs I say give it a shot if you like a STALKER style game in 3rd person."
76561198173906106,Recommended,519190,33736383,Posted: 22 July,all,kraburn14,great game for the price. There is a lot to do and a huge learning curve at the beginning.  It may seem frustrating  at first but its really fun after getting set up.  And its very new so the game can only get better from here.
76561198422708794,Recommended,519190,34902499,Posted: 12 September,all,Sauteinsir,I am enjoying this game so far. I know it is early access. I do wish you could fire from crouch to help stabalize guns.
76561198056667206,Recommended,519190,33788784,Posted: 25 July,all,21st Rct. Nabex78,"7 dollars, and it already has more content that half the survival games out there."
,Recommended,519190,33830153,Posted: 27 July,all,De Feijenoorder,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ simulator
76561198206076235,Recommended,519190,34065829,Posted: 6 August,all,Legend 31,"To developer,I like the game very much however I have some idea and advice that might improve playing experience.1. Zombie and animal - Currenly the game only have enemy, wolf and bear. I personal think if you (developer) can add in some zombie and wild animal, the gaming experience will be more challenging and fun. Other than that, I also think you should add some animal such as dear or cow or even chicken so that player can have fun hunting and get meat.2. Weapon - to be honest I do think the price of weapon in this game is very expensive but I do not think developer should mark down the price of the weapon. What developer should do is raise the price of item (we sell).3. Armo - Armo is an important issue when comes to game like this, because you will never know when and sometimes where the enermy are attacking from. So I personally think developer should add more armo vest around the map and also have shield in the game.4. Clothing - Searching for cloth and make sure you didn't get kill or sick until die has been one of the most challenging things to do. Developer I personally think that you should add more cloth in the map and also let the player should have a pant when game start.5. Vehicle - Developer should add more usable car and bike. Not car that we need repair and more. I also think developer should add bicycle into the game.6. AI - I personal think the AI is too fat or big and I personally don't like it. I do think developer should used PUBG as a example when designing AI.7. Building - I understand the game just release and I can't ask much but please make it more 3D and much more. I also think developer should let the player to build their own camp or colony and much more.8. Lagging - I'm not what makes it lagging but developer should fix the problem.9. Virus and bomb attrack - Currenly in the game we will only see those green colour smoke or what ever thing in the map, but why not deveoper use the smoke to surround the people in game and ask them to think way's to save by her self. Other than that, i also think developer should add bomb attack in the game.10. language - the main language for the game should be English.11. Report - some player like to kill other player (team kill) for no reason or for some reason, Next Day Survival should be a game where player work together, so I personally think developer should make a report system for us to report those who team kill or cheat.12. Grab - I feel grabbing things in the game is not that good because veery easy to miss that object and much more. So I personally think developer should do something to it.13. Realistic - The shotgun in the game only have 4 bullet but the sound shows it reload 6 bullet.Hope developer can improve the game with some idea that I provide."
,Recommended,519190,35014154,Posted: 16 September,all,Puffycheeses,"From what I have played the game is DEFINITELY in the early stages of development, but that shouldnt stop you from buying the game. Its enjoyable mostly with friends and the only poor experience I have had was the low framerate on first launch (Fixed its self on consecuative launches).For the games current price of $9.99 USD I would recomend it just to mess arround. The game is the most fun when your not worried about loosing your items. Looting is enjoyable and combat never feels unfair.I was pleasantly suprised to see there were Australian servers when I launched it and that there were players on, I get about 50 ping to the servers and I live quite a distance from Sydney (Where im guessing they are)I would highly recomend this game at its current price point, The developers seem to be working on content and the comunity doesnt seem toxic. The skills system is intresting but I would like to see it developed into something more in depth."
76561197989760542,Recommended,519190,35027058,Posted: 17 September,all,Mr.Marek,"Next Day survival is nice game and is great  and can come more greater if its finisht game,try the game 10eur"
,Recommended,519190,35038965,Posted: 17 September,all,madness_town,Good Game...
,Not Recommended,519190,33777249,Posted: 24 July,all,shadowdn,"Don't listen to all the positive reviews boasting about how great the game is. Next Day is not as polished or enjoyable as others make it seem. You instantly get cold as soon as you spawn, the safe zone (where you spawn everytime) is camped by looters, the animations are very stiff, the graphics are very muddy and cheap, the quests are barebones and tedious, the wildlife detects you from light years away and the world, which is quite small, is filled with them, and lastly its simply a barebones game (in my opinion) that does not deserve the asking price.Final opinion: A mediocre survival game that should be free-to-play or with a sub 5 dollar price tag."
,Recommended,519190,33790501,Posted: 25 July,all,Dayy,It's been public for less then a week and has more content than some of it's comparable counterparts - *cough* DayZ.
76561198179266490,Recommended,519190,33802777,Posted: 26 July,all,Retarded Pug,Only get this game if you have a good PC otherwise this game will suck for you
76561198093425497,Recommended,519190,33857306,Posted: 28 July,all,CanoChouch,this just like Survival: Postapocalypse Now but this 1 is better if fun whet friends i recamend it
,Recommended,519190,33886054,Posted: 29 July,all,[MiG] DiN0,If this game doesn't improve in a month. Then ill consider it the crappiest game on earth
76561198004066778,Recommended,519190,33893025,Posted: 29 July,all,Blade,wow a cheap early access survival game that works and is fun !its like if stalker and dayz had a baby and its still growing up!the fresh iddea to factions inside safe zones leaving camp to scavange and fight other players is a well exicuted game here i have seen bigger titles fail to do this!apart from that its the same repair cars shoot players make freinds with player etc etc it also has a small quest line to start you in the world then you join a faction and then the killing starts lol there are also key locations on the map that have good loot or fuel or certain thins and air drops to figth over !
,Recommended,519190,33922059,Posted: 31 July,all,divine,Very fun game for an early access survival game has lots of potential and can see this game becoming very fun once it is done :)
,Recommended,519190,35008734,Posted: 16 September,all,DevM,Lot's of fun to be had with this game. I would liken it to a cheaper version of Escape from Tarkov.
,Recommended,519190,35009551,Posted: 16 September,all,entspeak,"This is a first review of Next Day: Survival. It is definitely an Early Access Alpha. It crashes and freezes occasionally and there are some bugs. That said, the game has potential.I like the quests and the faction concepts, it makes PVP fun and not simply a Deathmatch. I do wish Traitors couldn't hide out in the safe zone... I think if you are a Traitor there should be no place to safely hang out.As far as combat is concerned, currently the AI is pretty basic and they are pretty good shots. I would love to see an ability for AI to lose line of sight and not know exactly where you are at all times. Lean/Peeking would also be a welcome addition.The waypoints could also be smaller on the HUD - it's way to big and not translucent enough.Graphics-wise, the models and textures are pretty basic - nowhere near what one would expect from a First Person Shooter in 2017 - perhaps, I'm a bit spoiled by how gorgeous PUBG looks in Early Access. I do hope they improve and the game is further optimized.This game has tremendous potential  as a survival game. I look forward to seeing how it develops."
,Recommended,519190,35019593,Posted: 17 September,all,aSpankingBurito,"Love the whole aspect of this game, i downloaded this and wasnt expecting a whole lot, it was cheap. However it turned out to be a great game and deserves more support ive only played 6 hours but that will change."
76561198303190605,Recommended,519190,35028978,Posted: 17 September,all,Old Salt,"Good game, especially if you have friends/clan mates. Not the best game play mechanics but they are updating often and this will smooth out eventually."
76561198088003854,Recommended,519190,35030595,Posted: 17 September,all,Obsidian Skull,Very cool!
,Recommended,519190,35090425,Posted: 20 September,all,HollowHeart21,"Lot's of visual ""$Bugs.""""$loading hint"" appears alot when loading into a server or game.""$Skill level"" shows when you hit ""K"" to view skill tab.I will update as I get further.EDIT: 9/20Player sprint animation is slower than the running audio. It's not in-sync with the player.+ ADD increased backward run speed when Shift + S.- Delete the ""X%"" Status when doing an interaction. Just leave the status bar. Looks more appealing."
,Recommended,519190,33824077,Posted: 26 July,all,Murphy,"I often play survival games and they feel like carbon copies of each other, you don't get that here. This game has an ambience and playstyle all its own and I would highly reccomend it to any survival enthusiast."
76561198102205052,Recommended,519190,34830197,Posted: 8 September,all,Sassy,2 words. S.T.A.L.K.E.R Online.
,Recommended,519190,33788776,Posted: 25 July,all,Depression,"For its early acces it's still very good in my opinion, it's a challenging game if you play solo but if you and a few friends make a group it's really really funny! The only downside is the fact that it's fixed to a mix of Slavic languages and English."
,Recommended,519190,33810000,Posted: 26 July,all,Son,"First 10 Minutes of Gameplay> Start the first mission> Get sent around the camp to prove your worthy of the hidden butter knife> Die of hypothermia after retrieving the knife> Respawn to learn you need the knife, and its gone> Get new mission to kill wolf, which requires knife, which is now gone> Loot for 30 minutes until you find new knife> Find wolf> Attack wolf> Kill wolf, after sustaining major injuries> Dying of blood loss> Puke all over the ground> Limp and crawl your way back to camp with the last of your strenth> ""Complete"" the wolf mission just to be sent on more tasks before your progress is saved> Dies due to blood loss> Loses knife> Has to redo the wolf mission again> Try 3 more times, resulting in the same result> Look up how to beat wolf mission online> Turns out you needed the medkit you got from the butter knife mission> Decides to abandon trying to complete the missions> Leaves safezone to go loot> Dies instantly to looters> Uninstall> Submit a return10/10 Still better then DayZFr tho this game is a lot of fun at such an early stage and has a lot of potential. For $7.50 you can't beat that deal. Buy it!"
,Recommended,519190,33881667,Posted: 29 July,all,RADO FELINSKY,This game is actually pretty solid survival
,Recommended,519190,35234707,Posted: 26 September,all,Uncle Norpie,"Pros-lots of action. probably close to 1000% more encounters in first 2 hours playing this than in first 2 hours of playing Miscreated-loot-community-can almost always get a response out of anyone in your faction, party up, and go on roams, raids, or quests with them-gunplay that looks clunky when you watch it but is actually really fun-sometimes easy to get well geared (this might be a con, because it reduces the tension from the risk of losing your sacred AKN or SVD)-I am a fan of the graphicsCons-i've come across one hacker. he had a few goons sucking him off too. he wiped out the camp I was in and did not loot anything...-first person not back in yet-glitchy magazine refill mechanic. can almost never refill magazines with spare bullets or ammo boxes-safe zone of neutral camp can be exploited/easily camped-generic sounds-AI is janky and to make it fair they practically gave the AI aimbot-they can shoot through 1 or 2 things that they aren't supposed to-bullet sponges sometimes. I mean thisDefinitely try this game if you were on the fence about it. There is a way to refund purchases on Steam for a reason. My friends all roast me for playing this and are going to undoubtedly roast me for making this review."
76561197970435474,Recommended,519190,33942897,Posted: 31 July,all,Vargas78,"The games off to a good start, fun to play and pretty engrossing so far. As a STALKER fan i'm especially enjoying it. At this point it's decent and worth a shot if you like this kind of genre but it has the potential to become truly great and I hope it can reach that. It would be a damn shame if it doesn't reach that potential but i'm enjoying the ride so far."
76561197981483888,Not Recommended,519190,35458576,Posted: 3 October,all,Spicy Mchaggis,Hacks and Dups are in FULL AFFECT!!!!! Don't bother! I wish I could refund!!!!
,Not Recommended,519190,33734962,Posted: 22 July,all,ʀᴇᴇᴅᴇ,"the game is fun at first, but after about 2 hours (ironically) you'll find yourself in a small open world with very little to do. Since the majority of your time will be spent at one of the 3 main areas to loot, you might want a few pointers. firstly, grab a lot of expensive♥♥♥♥♥♥ so that you can sell it at the trader of your choice and then buy everthing you want. You've done it. you just got to the end of the game. The only thing left to do is kill other players in a horribly clunky combat system, a incomprehensable medical system afterwards, and then just a bad economy system when you sell your enemy's loot.the only time i had fun was when i camped the neutral safe zone and waited for players to leave so that i could kill them. I only got pleasure in this horrible game (which has a bit of potential) when i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥other players off. That's how boring it gets.The graphics settings are in russian, so good luck. There are about 4 quests, and then you have medium teir loot, which you will inevitably loose to some guy with a makarov. No one really respects the whole ""faction"" thing, unless you have some stuck up civilian dude who lives and dies by some autistic code.The environment is shabby, with blurred and generally bad looking textures and horrible LOD. The camera is about 3 or 4 feat behind your character's head, so you wont see much; or at least not very well. The trees sound like they are either guns going off, or dying animals (bad ambient), and theres that ♥♥♥♥ing guy who will never stop playing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ guitar at safe zones. Sound overall is bad. Graphics are worse, and controlled by russian options.this game *is* in development, so some of my complaints might be non-existant in the near future, but for what it is now, dont' waste 7 dollars on this. If you have a bit of money laying around, maybe consider, but i'd wait untill this game gets better, or at least sees some kind of regular update schedual.TL;DR - small open world with nothing to do but kill other players in a bad combat system; hold off on buying for now :/"
,Not Recommended,519190,33891395,Posted: 29 July,all,Hushed,"The game begins with a couple of pointless quests, which make you run between 3 different towns, the only issue is their are players waiting at every town to kill you and steal your clothes. It wouldn't be too bad if you could choose your spawn point, but you can't, which causes you to spawn far away from where you need to go. I've yet to find a purpose for wolves and bears, other than committing suicide, as they seem to be immune to bullets. The map is small and all the players tend to bunch up into one area. Shoot on sight only, even if they are a part of your faction. The community is somehow already the most toxic I've seen, filled with trolls and racial slurs. It has some potential but definitely some very glaring issues that need to be addressed."
,Not Recommended,519190,34539817,Posted: 27 August,all,Ankido,"This game is beyond terrible.  The alpha state is fine, I don't mind it.  It's the gameplay and physics.  It's like a very cheap version of H1Z1 or miscreated.  It tries to do everything with Survival, PVP, PVE and battlegrounds.  The game does not have potential as you read with other players.  There is absolutely no potential in this game.  Just a game with a $10 eye candy that can be used elsewhere.  Not my cup of tea.  The running and gameplay, someone please shoot me.Refunding!"
76561198263264199,Recommended,519190,33674037,Posted: 20 July,all,NewBornSalad,"Very cynical, just doing quests for people over and over again."
76561198080972080,Recommended,519190,34980930,Posted: 15 September,all,Some fucking Peasant,Like dayz but not gay
,Not Recommended,519190,33756514,Posted: 23 July,all,Kappa,"I actually have no idea how this game is on the top sellers list. The movement feels terrible, probably the worst movement I have ever experienced in a game. The AI needs a lot of work. I was able to confuse the military AI by standing behind a pole until they left. The game needs a lot of work before it actually becomes an enjoyable experience."
,Not Recommended,519190,33909746,Posted: 30 July,all,Icy Knight,"(I AM AWARE THIS GAME IS IN EARLY ACCESS SO MANY OF THE THINGS THAT I SAY WILL PROBABLY BE FIXED IN UPCOMING UPDATES)Ok Next Day: Survival, where do I begin?It's terrible.To start off when you first get in the game you have freedom to do whatever you like, whether it be do quest's given  by NPCS or go loot some towns. I chose to do some of the beginner quests which were pretty easy in general but could start to get difficult.Long story short the reason I am leaving a negative review is because once I got to a certain point in the quests it was impossible to complete.It was the mission where you have to retrieve some sort of medicine from a helicopter crash. The reason I say that it is impossible is because when I had first got there it was flooded with radiation but I had a hazmat suit given to me in an earlier quest but once I got in there I immediately get attacked by like 4 bears, I shot one of them at least 15 times, it didin't even die. So I ended up dying and losing everything.Now here's where the fun begins. Once you die you can no longer retrieve any items given to you in past quests, you now have to go and try to FIND these said items. Now I did exactly that and went looting but every place I ended up in, it was either 1. Covered in radiation or 2. Guarded by hundreds of animals.Now tell me this, how am I supposed to continue to play the game if it is literally impossible to retrieve any of the items I needed for this quest? Now you may say I don't HAVE to do the quests and that is right and I did try this, but only problem is like I said, every place I went to had some way of killing you. So the chances of you finding any loot and getting away alive, is probably around 5%This game will most likely be improved in the future but for now, I wouldn't buy it even at it's extremely cheap price."
76561198051416563,Not Recommended,519190,33974409,Posted: 2 August,all,buckshot,"Next Day: Survival, some kind of STALKER/DayZ Crossover game with a pretty questionable name.Pros:- has some really STALKEResque atmosphere to it- although somewhat arcade, the game can be quite immersive- it runs smoove at 70-90 fps for me, no crashes anywhere- its dirt cheap and can be played with friends easilyCons:- PvE: This AI's ""I-dunno-what-LOS-is"" aimbot style shooting behaviour is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and will eventually frustrate the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you. There is way too few quests for a game that advertises questing as a gameplay element. Too many areas in the map are lifeless, too few challenges available overall, generally game lacks of real PvE content, aside from the bunker.- PvP: If you enter a PvP server be ready to get ganked way before you have even chosen your faction (looters/civilians). Traitor status (for killing own faction members) doesn't REALLY punish you other than not being able to access your warehouse for 90 minutes. Sniper rifles are way too strong since they're the only scoped weapons in the game.As of 2nd of August 2017, I do _NOT_ recommend this game. There's too little content to enjoy, a lot of mechanics and gamplay aspects that need an overhaul or even complete rework (yes, looking at you traitor status...) to make this game fun in the long run. At the very moment PvE doesnt offer much and PvP is essentially a gankfest dominated by the guy who brings the most friends.Final verdict... 5/10. It may get better, but knowing the long history of early access survival game scams... no one actually knows whether this game will ever reach it's ""full release"" state."
,Not Recommended,519190,34183597,Posted: 11 August,all,FreeCookie,"Unfortunately, as an Arma player I can't really recommend the game, as the map really is SMALL AS ♥♥♥♥ and make the vehicles completely useless."
76561198044907620,Recommended,519190,33701836,Posted: 21 July,all,Mr.Bilzerian,just buy !!!
,Not Recommended,519190,33862741,Posted: 28 July,all,hekamiah,"it might be fun in PVE but the main game will trow you to the wall hard, the game is not particulary hard but the way its concived its brutal to say the least, you start with the noob faction (neutral) you have a small safe zone with no clothes or weapons and outside of the safe zone you have Civilians, Looters and traitors and all of them will kill you because there is no penality for killing noobs, if you want to advance in the game you have to do the quest, to do the quest you have to get out of the safe zone and if you get out you will be killed by the other players even if you dont have anything to loot, they will kill you for the simple fact that i fun for them. so if you are willing to turtle for weeks and ready to die ALOT then this game is for you because this game is about how much you can out♥♥♥♥♥♥each other even members of their own factions betray each other all the time."
76561198058158575,Not Recommended,519190,35248402,Posted: 27 September,all,Ironstout,"Honesty worth the refund, graphics are terrible, and spawn campers galor."
76561198271872467,Not Recommended,519190,34044882,Posted: 5 August,all,ToxicGandhi,I had more fun gaining cancer off a toxic rust 50x server
76561198029138394,Not Recommended,519190,34274102,Posted: 16 August,all,hammet,"Not as good as it was advertised. Visual is mediocre, I'll rather buy the Stalker Series."
,Not Recommended,519190,34271999,Posted: 16 August,all,Angry,"I wanted to love this game as I've played all three S.TA.L.K.E.R. games dozens of times to completion, and wished for coop multiplayer for years. This game definitely feels like a Stalker reboot of sorts, with a small bit of The Division and DayZ (minus zombies) thrown in.However, at this time, the game is ridiculously hard (takes me 20-30 bullets to down an NPC yet they can kill me in 2-3 shots with the same exact weapon I'm using, wearing the same exact clothing/armor I am). It's buggy (alpha, so no real complaint there). And while I love Stalker and the look/atmosphere, Next Day looks literally like it was built on the original X-Ray engine, which is pretty dated by now.I'll come back every few months and try again,  but it's far too punishing, ugly, and buggy in its current state."
,Not Recommended,519190,34088750,Posted: 7 August,all,Джеймс,what the ♥♥♥♥ is this unplayable♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,519190,34020907,Posted: 4 August,all,Medieval Pepe,bought game installed but i am unable to play cant get past the region menu it gives me a good install verified files then i play get to regional menu hit usa hit connect and it clicks then nothing  and recheck files and it say there is a file not verified i have reinstalled 3 times with same result i will be returning it
,Not Recommended,519190,34271489,Posted: 16 August,all,Axwell,"if you are in a mission and get some good loot for it and then die, you cant replay the missions and without that loot cant do the missions further ahead... so im stuck in the game now and cant do anything att all..."
76561198365019129,Not Recommended,519190,34023438,Posted: 4 August,all,PvPRO.COM / CSGODUCK.COM,i can't connect  to the game  i can not select  region plz   tell me what to do
,Not Recommended,519190,34270706,Posted: 15 August,all,Erikku,"This game just refuses to even be remotely enjoyablethe obvious tag in this game will explain why it is.""Early Access"" ""Survival"" ""Open world"" ""Crafting""The Elements of ""Damn""Hopefully it will get better as patches progresses and i will change my review"
,Recommended,519190,33695596,Posted: 21 July,all,IZANAGI,u have to know anything about this gamefunny gameplay when u have to survive ( wolf like a dogfriendly playerhard to survive when u dead all ur item lost but u can take it back from ur corpseu can choose side beetwen looter and civilian ( hard life for civilian )funny like PUBG but survival gameneed more update i think like switch equipment and more stuff
76561198047290024,Recommended,519190,33676075,Posted: 20 July,all,cosmicmidget,"It's far from perfect, but the potential is there. Like it so far more as a single player game. MP will be destroyed by cheaters as usual."
76561197963341705,Recommended,519190,33958734,Posted: 1 August,all,NeboCema,BEST GAME EVER !
76561198027640989,Recommended,519190,33877887,Posted: 29 July,all,[GHC]Strelok,Probably all of the people who bought the game thought ok another Early acces survival game but hey its 8 euros lets give it a try. Now some hate it many like it. One thing i have to say personaly it drips with Stalker atmosphere espacialy if youre sitting at a campfire an NPC is playing the guitar you hear some people chat in russian. Graphics are Pretty good. Now a thing i like about the guns is their handling it reminds me of STALKER Clear Sky. Many people hated that but not me. There are Factions with quests wich is a nice addition PVE and Singleplayer wich is very good if you want a bit more chill gameplay . The game is made in russia so expect many russians but i havent encountered any of the Suka ♥♥♥♥♥ kind. Overall the game is good and i see huge potential for it. I hope it doesnt get Abandoned.
,Recommended,519190,33933493,Posted: 31 July,all,Teeny Bops,like stalker with early access
76561198126783889,Recommended,519190,34069640,Posted: 6 August,all,Jumbos Jimbo,meh
,Not Recommended,519190,34406264,Posted: 21 August,all,Shinz0,"The game isnt exactly bad, but i dont think its very good even for 10$. The graphics are really bad on medium, ive seen f2p games with better graphics. If you know what pubg looks like on lowest settings, its basically this but this is actually worse. The game throws you right in and you get no tutorial or tips. In pvp everyone kills you no matter what, which isnt bad except its the same spawn and its very hard to find weapons. Pve is just plain boring. I believe i gave it a fair chance but its just not very good."
76561198027738463,Not Recommended,519190,34467341,Posted: 24 August,all,SupremeGentleman,Getting attacked and defending yourself from can get you placced in the traitor faction it's dumb because they speak you run the ♥♥♥♥ing boondocks forcing you to walk back to neutral instead of just spawning you there and the local wildlife a long the way are ♥♥♥♥ing obnoxious and take to many hits to kill
,Not Recommended,519190,33952462,Posted: 1 August,all,maco,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of Hacker roaming around in the game
,Not Recommended,519190,34449483,Posted: 23 August,all,Sugar b4con,"Pros: 1.Vendors (To store and buy items/guns/food) (Some people do not like this feature)2.Great open map to explore and loot3. AI system4.Quest system5.Currency6.Tons of guns7.ONLY 10 DOLLARSCons1. Community is not that great2. AI can almost 1 hit anything3. There are bunkers where you can get tons of loot but is almost impossible to even walk to because of AI one hitting you even if you are hidden4.Finally, the radiation zones. (My personal opinion)In my opinion the game isnt bad but it is far from good. 5/10. Worth a try."
,Not Recommended,519190,33815091,Posted: 26 July,all,AfterJD,Game crashed 3 times in 30 mins. My first quest was bugged and all my gametime was spent trying to get it to work. Once my game crashed the 4th time i didnt even bother opening it back up i went straight to steam and refunded this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. This game is Like if you took dayz and bred it with minecraft and the baby was born with down syndrome.
76561197971056655,Not Recommended,519190,34241202,Posted: 14 August,all,rakster44,"First let me say I am really trying to like this game. I understand it's early release but there are too many flaws right now that can't let me give a positive review. The game needs several additions to the main playing screen such as an on screen compass, a way to set way points, a fire mode indicator for your weapons and a remaining ammo count. These things can be checked by going to inventory or map but when you do that you are open to attack. My biggest complaint is the food and drink severity system. In this game you can't last a day without food or water. Humans can go 5 days without water and several weeks without food. This needs to be fixed. Also right now there isn't much to do so the game is pretty boring. I wish I could get my money back but now i'm stuck with this game, so I hope some serious changes take place."
,Not Recommended,519190,34541492,Posted: 27 August,all,Psyentific,"Promising, but needs work.The good:+ It's like someone mashed Stalker with DayZ. You can see in the pictures there's squatting slavs, bandits, AKs, all that good♥♥♥♥♥♥ What you might not see is that it's open world PvP with a few scattered safe zones. I think how it's supposed to work is you venture out into the wilds, come back with loot, and bank the loot for your next run.+ Strong potential for multiplayer zone shenanigans, but it's just that: potential.+ Gunplay is fast, lethal, and punishing. Getting hit is doable, pistols aren't threatening, catching a burst of rifle fire is deadly. You die, you lose everything you carry and respawn naked.The bad:- As with DayZ, the most common interaction is shooting someone. You can't trust anyone you don't already know.- Content is just not there. The only thing to do is shoot NPCs.The ugly:- Holy god these textures look like♥♥♥♥♥- Movement can be a bit clunky. You default to walking and can only run forward. There's no leaning.- Camera is also a bit funky and locked into third person. Third person in this kind of game is...not good. Being able to see around corners or over obstructions without being seen really ♥♥♥♥s with encounters.- Power curve needs severe adjustment. At the high end, automatics, scoped rifles and occasional sniper rifles. At the low end, a naked dude with a kitchen knife. Not much in between, and until you can get a few good runs in you're stuck scrounging for whatever you can find. Getting your feet under you is very hard. We need to spawn with like, a makarov or some♥♥♥♥♥♥ just to give people a chance against other players.Recommendation: Come back in a few months."
76561198332936942,Recommended,519190,34410130,Posted: 22 August,all,AkAlex,"This game is fonominal, the comunity is pretty great, a few salty people here or there but nothing too bad. I recomend this game to anyone wholikes the survival genre of games, and I'm looking forward to where the devs take this game."
76561198225628728,Recommended,519190,33940790,Posted: 31 July,all,Independant Black Woman,grate game
76561198088223624,Not Recommended,519190,34701763,Posted: 2 September,all,Coulson,"I don't even know where to begin. See bottom for summary.The graphics belong in an iOS game from 2013.The gameplay is clunky.Tutorials hold your hand too much or are so vague you're left to find the waypoint (when it appears) and simply hold random keys until something happens.Combat is slow and your character moves like an 80-year-old victim of Alzheimer's.It's third-person, but there's no cover mechanic, no lean mechanic, no way to switch your grip on your gun.You can't crouch and move or aim or interact with anything; crouching literally disables all other actions.The mechanics are often confusing.Those are the biggest complaints I have, but wanna know something else? Look at the positive reviews. Some seem genuine, but a lot of them look fake as hell. A game doesn't ""feel like STALKER"" because it has Eatern Europeans in gas masks. That's not what made STALKER a good game. A game doesn't ""play like DayZ"" because it's post-apocalypse. That's not what made DayZ a good game.The most spectacular features are competently made at best. At worst, the English language isn't precise enough to describe how utterly baffled I was by some things (or the lack of certain things.TL;DR: This game is terrible. Literally nothing redeemable about it that you couldn't find in a better game. And I'm about 90% sure most of the positive reviews are fake."
,Not Recommended,519190,34671754,Posted: 1 September,all,"""The Rookie""",Utter crap DO NOT buy it until it is finished.
,Recommended,519190,34565525,Posted: 28 August,all,Saddam Hussein,"This game has given me the nostalgia of Dayz in 2012, it's a very enjoyable and well designed survival game. There's no zombies or any ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, just other players and wild animals. You feel rewarded when you raid a underground bunker and pick up the loot while dodging and killing AI with other players in your group watching your back."
76561197961655212,Not Recommended,519190,34388718,Posted: 20 August,all,ShadyJ,"Not my cup of tea, I was expecting a bigger map and larger server pops... got old real quick, even before i hit the refund limit... so guess what I did ;)"
,Recommended,519190,34407528,Posted: 21 August,all,Romeo - DEV,"It's a really fun game, it does need some improvements but overall its great to play with friends and just have a good time."
,Recommended,519190,34039110,Posted: 5 August,all,Power Clit,"Promising. Needs some work, though, and I can't wait for a final product."
,Recommended,519190,34404344,Posted: 21 August,all,Where'sMySupersuit!!,SOOOOOO F*CKIN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDD
76561198097621752,Recommended,519190,35130989,Posted: 22 September,all,Zoobas,"Great game so far very promising.Had to do refund becouse my pc cant run it, but I will definetly keep an eye on it and will rebuy later on."
76561198132602831,Recommended,519190,35158596,Posted: 23 September,all,MLC 'NTC,Just play this game.
,Recommended,519190,35188129,Posted: 24 September,all,Vape Master,"great strat game. i plan my attacks well in this,great for teams and friend id say,"
76561197998817968,Not Recommended,519190,35248204,Posted: 27 September,all,mightygrom,"The controls are a bit clunky, and it is difficult to engage in the storyline."
,Not Recommended,519190,35157575,Posted: 23 September,all,Eqm,this is it a pre alpha verion :))
,Recommended,519190,33676105,Posted: 20 July,all,[DoMe] Jackson,Fun. Difficult to ajust language barrier. but once you get to grips has potential. would pay the money if it get fully released can be very popular. graphics are avg.
,Not Recommended,519190,33938427,Posted: 31 July,all,Spook Boi,"game very unfinished, basically 10 minutes of slow running from place to place to get a can of soda"
,Recommended,519190,33940105,Posted: 31 July,all,Shmupp,Pretty good game. Two men told me to get in their car and i didnt want to so i started walking away they tried hitting me 3 times and then just got out in shot me in the face 11/10 would get in strangers car again
,Not Recommended,519190,33942061,Posted: 31 July,all,Shooter,"Game has potential but the toxic community makes it basically un playable, people just camp safe zones with full gear killing everyone they see, as a beginner its almost impossible to catch up to everyone else due to constantly losing your gear and failing missions due to other campers killing you as soon as you leave the safe zone, as it is not possible to start a new character you basically get stuck asking everyone else for clothes just so you dont get a cold and die within 15 minutes of spawning. requested refund."
76561198069993411,Recommended,519190,33985448,Posted: 2 August,all,Furrytime,tgis game is great.Playing with a wheel is fun wink.Long dark more like long♥♥♥♥♥♥the is game is great with its amtocheat so i can dab on those hekien hackers.Also i likem this game becasue o can no scope [wink].Also sticky keys are a great option.THese graphics are just to intesne this is a little worse than train sim but trust me this♥♥♥♥♥♥mbe thottty.Playing with a wheel is highlt recomended
,Recommended,519190,33786167,Posted: 25 July,all,✪ PRAYBOY,10/10
76561198101743334,Recommended,519190,33776812,Posted: 24 July,all,A Towel,"If you liked S.T.A.L.K.E.R, you'll like this."
76561198154233737,Recommended,519190,33777116,Posted: 24 July,all,T0X1CT0M,VERY NICE GAME THICK SKIN NEEDED!! PVP
,Recommended,519190,35038108,Posted: 17 September,all,Raspy,"You can find porn in this game!In some of the houses, there is a shelf you can find with tiny stamps on it.Get some binoculars out, and zoom in on them!"
,Recommended,519190,33886685,Posted: 29 July,all,Fivoll,LOVE THIS GAME LOG IN GO TO A SAFE ZONE SOMEONE THROWS A GRENADE EVERYONE BLOWS UP AND THE GUY STEALS ALL THE LOOT 10/10
76561198154259253,Recommended,519190,34959040,Posted: 14 September,all,Hunterdarkflame,Game is good love every little bit of it. And its only 10$ I had alot of fun with it its just some start off with a bad start and get everything took away from them but they can get it back its a super fun game and for only 10$ I think it needs to be more love it.
76561198043647691,Not Recommended,519190,35465675,Posted: 4 October,all,TrippyHippie,Another failed survival game. I give it a buck fiddy.
,Recommended,519190,33772406,Posted: 24 July,all,[FC] Vilusia,GET. THIS. GAME! Don't even read any further. Click the add to cart button and BUY it right now. This game is FANTASTIC for 10$!!! Reward these wonderful devs for this labour of love they have bestowed onto the steam store.
76561198154197247,Recommended,519190,33721934,Posted: 22 July,all,Nothing,.
,Not Recommended,519190,33823245,Posted: 26 July,all,Lightheaded,"Game stuck on ""Loading Characters"". Author promise to fix game on next day, 4 days ago..."
76561198148298966,Recommended,519190,33891301,Posted: 29 July,all,🔰NLQuantum,"i bought the game yesterday, it ask me to select my region, so i select Europe, then its loading and its stuck at loading charachter, ive been restarting the game, downloading it again, ive been waiting for 60 minutes once, nothing happend ... >:|"
,Recommended,519190,33908609,Posted: 30 July,all,TornadoNOR | Twitch,This game is very fun! :DDDDDD
,Recommended,519190,33908863,Posted: 30 July,all,makenonono,a bit hard in the start but 2-3 fails and youll be fine and it has alot of content for a 8-9 dollar game.
76561198026931986,Recommended,519190,33919403,Posted: 30 July,all,[DEAD] J4ckッ,ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ok
76561198185497517,Recommended,519190,33929001,Posted: 31 July,all,MiamiRice,Fun for about 10 hours..
,Recommended,519190,33877313,Posted: 29 July,all,Seraph,"This game is pretty good for an early access game that just released, there are a few flaws and bugs but it doesn't affect the game too much. It's a solid 8/10 from mePros:-There's always something to (Bunkers, Quests, PVP, NPC hunting)-Weapons and food aren't too hard to find/get-Groups are easy to make and you can't team dmg-Fair prices at the traders (Snipers are more expensive, AR's aren't)-Factions-Being able to betray your faction (traitors)-Plenty of storage space-Multiple modes (Main, PVE, Solo)Cons:-Hyperthermia (No clothes early)-At longer distances shooting isn't accurate-NPC's are ruthless-Bugs (Stuff disappearing, crashes ect)All in all its a pretty good game for only $10, It's better to play with friends so enjoy!"
76561198042525828,Recommended,519190,33876718,Posted: 29 July,all,BRITISH LAD,"I fully recommend this game, It's alot of fun and the faction Idea reminds me of the good ol dayz mod."
76561198132863015,Recommended,519190,33877656,Posted: 29 July,all,Warlock,fantastic game everyone should get it
,Recommended,519190,33902558,Posted: 30 July,all,ZOMBKEEZY,"good for pvp with a miscreated day z looting feel mixed with NPC's,quests, storage, & a store to sell n buy items found in game ...... also has a grouping system  and has in game achievments..... the faction system works pretty well you got civ's, looters, nautrals, & traitors  who have kill players in the same faction...... now the NPC's at the safe zone don't play and will shoot anyone daed for messing around ..... but the most lame childish thing crappy players enjoy doing since they cant play the game correctly n get looted is to throw a grenade at ppl at the storage ..... no npc's are alerted and they steal all the loot ..... now i didn't allow this to happen to me i am OG gamer and too old for childs play..... not a noob broseph ... so watch out  for them slimey snakes but other then that i hoep to see progress and map expansion games less then a  week old i got 50 hours in leGGo"
,Recommended,519190,33686030,Posted: 20 July,all,Stephen Paddock,"This game got me playing for like an hour straight, getting ♥♥♥♥ed by bears mostly, at least until I got a supply crate, the only problem I have with this game is no first person mode. Third person mode is just too janky. Hope they keep this game alive."
76561197987298845,Recommended,519190,34015601,Posted: 4 August,all,stanley56,This game is a well made game. Problem are fixed fast. iI Rate it  10/10.
,Not Recommended,519190,34019772,Posted: 4 August,all,Ｙoona,"Gameplay is good, but the graphics are not good, and problem that i encounter is with the video settings..they have good server, i treid to play the game and i had fun with it, but it is still lacking alot of things like i encounter bugs and glitches in my first game, i know its still in Early Access... there is still no clear instructions on about on how to play the game, controls, hints, mechanics(like loots,where to put it,can you keep it, blah blah).. but this game has potentials just need some adjustments and improve more other things...4/10 will play it again maybe after some improvements#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorYoutube|GameCollector|Gamereviewer"
76561198060389488,Recommended,519190,34100013,Posted: 8 August,all,Zaniac1998,10/10 best game
,Recommended,519190,33941186,Posted: 31 July,all,Blueyed DIABLO,This game is great i love it so much! its like a realistic version of unturned but 5 times better!! and its only the alpha!!!!!!i can't wait to see what this game is like when the full game comes out! (but devs please don't bail like the DayZ devs did this game is awesome)
,Recommended,519190,34111213,Posted: 8 August,all,Femenism Patrion,jews
76561198119510237,Not Recommended,519190,33978437,Posted: 2 August,all,Gh0st,It's pretty bad. I started a quest where I had to get some sort of vaccine in a radioactive area which was being guarded by a bear (which is faster than your player and you are given no way to stop it). I died 7 times constantly trying to get it and get back to the safe zone but the bear always killed me. I know the game is early access but there's literally no way to progress.
76561198142847080,Recommended,519190,33970098,Posted: 2 August,all,HoangTran,like
,Not Recommended,519190,33981393,Posted: 2 August,all,vlajba,"Game is afwul, you spawn naked, few minutes later some guy shots you with rifle without reason.No tutorial. Comunity is bad.I think this is my first negative rewiev.... DONT BUY THIS GAME WASTE OF MONNEY.I asked for refund!"
,Recommended,519190,34110072,Posted: 8 August,all,Llama Rrama,"For a $10 game, I have gotten 40 hours out of this and I am still going. The experiences I've had in this game, killing and being killed, are all fun. In my short time, I have learned this much. See someone? Stay away. Even in your own faction, there are traitors who are ready to sell you out, and there are civs ready to kill, looters ready to rob, and neutrals ready to die. This game is amazing for its price."
76561198077425443,Recommended,519190,34347026,Posted: 19 August,all,ShrekWazowski,can pretend to be a real life russian
76561198170904114,Recommended,519190,33936556,Posted: 31 July,all,Torpedo Dude,it moistly gud
,Not Recommended,519190,34179066,Posted: 11 August,all,P.T (EDGE-UK),"The idea of the game has its merits, but it could be better made. It feels like some kind of Arma mod in the way it handles and it is VERY early access in my opinion. A lot of things need work."
76561198030942079,Not Recommended,519190,33822102,Posted: 26 July,all,Babbity Puss (Mr.Fox),"Man, I know this is early access and the dev team is apparently small, but this doesnt make the game's current issues excusable. Cant do a damn thing without getting shot by countless teams of fully outfitted KOS players that are all shoehorned into a god awful tiny map. Youd have a better chance of winning the lottery than actually making it more than 100 yards in any direction from the safehouse without getting picked off by some jackazz (or group of) who then runs over and loots.... absolutely nothing. Why nothing? because Ive never made it far enough to find anything, berries and branches dont count.  If Im going to spend my very precious free time playing and enjoying something it sure as hell isnt going to be on this.By all means give it a shot and support this dev team; it's just not my bag.""Next Day"", I got a refund."
76561198355822501,Recommended,519190,34161220,Posted: 10 August,all,〤Beaupete,cool
,Not Recommended,519190,34225609,Posted: 13 August,all,Interstellar,"(TL;DR below if you're impatient)Cons!AI is glitchy. I've been killed through walls and doors multiple times.The controls are sluggish and clunky. Occasionally nonresponsive.Combat is sluggish and clunky.Guns don't recoil.Headshots don't do extra damage.Quests are simply a ""go get this for me"" or ""go kill them"", which is a serious letdownas the quests are the most important aspect of the game.There is no base building or anything, so you can never really get a sense of comfort or anything. (Which is probably a pro for some people?)The community is cancerous. Can't really ask for help with anything.It's also worth adding that I fear they're intent on ""finishing"" the game way too soon~Pros?Cheap.Has potential.Reasonably fun with friends.Graphics are pretty good considering the budget~My conclusion is that the game could be good in the future,but for now I'd argue that it's far too clunky and bug-ridden to be a large amount of fun.TL;DR: Meh."
,Not Recommended,519190,33840850,Posted: 27 July,all,PeppySteppy,"i killed a civ in self defence and became a traitori thought that was prett ♥♥♥♥♥♥But whatever, thats just how it worksSO NOW i gotta wait 90 minutes for traitor to go awayi think to myself (could be worse)but then 4 hours go by im looting getting shot REPEATim still a traitor!some bug has accoured...Then i get killed by an invisible bear*this game needs work, BADLY*"
76561198016317764,Recommended,519190,33925321,Posted: 31 July,all,David Harleyson,Pros.-You can do true slavic squattingCons.-cheeki breeki10/10 gopniks would recommend this glorious game.
,Recommended,519190,34419537,Posted: 22 August,all,arvindavidson,1 An early access game where devs are really active2 Stalker like feel3 Decent enough community !
,Recommended,519190,34612203,Posted: 30 August,all,Hrsn,1. Found some ruski civilians2. Asked for fee loot3. They take me in their tank and let me loot everything4. GG would loot again
76561198356889867,Recommended,519190,33703320,Posted: 21 July,all,K. Haggard,"I had pants once...those were the days.Next Day runs  way better than I'd figured it would, stuff to do, people to kill and an unforgiving survival system.When you die, you lose everything you're carrying.and I'll sum up the first few missions with this""here is gas mask and a can of corn comrade, go kill that radioactive bear.""Its fun, the price is on point, get it.I look forward to hunting you for sport and scavenging your carcass."
76561198326860240,Recommended,519190,33812595,Posted: 26 July,all,Wrathlife,"10/10 would find adidas sweat pants and slav squat again. Edit: Aight, time for real review. I will update it in future.Pros:The game price is more than reasonable.EAC support.Great stalker-like atmosphere.No desync, lag or anything of that nature. Hitboxes work flawlessly.Loot is respawning (woot already better than half of the survival games out there), you can find it in everywhere in the common spots such as trucks, buildings, etc.You will not die from climbing a ladder. (Yes Im looking at you DayZ)Vast amount of guns to choose from.Every condition has solution, every disease in game has iteam to cure it, and those items are possible to find.Game has AI, wildlife, vendors. Vendors are also your main storage, and a place where to find most of the ingame items, and meds, you can also sell items, game has a currency. (if you are bleeding, you can get a bandage, if you have food poisoning, you can get meds for that, you get the idea.)Faction system with faction themed cities.Quest line with generous rewards.Bunker, a separate subserver on the main server, which is a dungeon like place with rare loot and difficult AI, very intense combat between factions, npcs, and your heatbeat since its intese AF.Vehicles and common vehicle parts, armored trucks and APCs.Persistent gear.Party system.Dynamic temperature system - temperature changes with the time of day.Vast amount of clothes and military gear to chose from.Animations on literally everything, also you can squat, wave, point, jerk off (lewd).NO MICROTRANSACTIONS IN 2017PVE game mode for people who don't like hackers and other human beings.Solo mode to cut off the humanity entirely.NPC playing a guitar in the cities.Cons:- will remove those once they will be patchedAI is occasionaly albe to shoot trough solid cover and vehicles, AI is able to track you trough textures and is locking on the targe, this behaviour is bypassable by hiding behind terrain.Gamebreaking loops where you can exploit certain mechanics to have easy, fast, infnite income. (will not explain from obvious reasons)Introduction quests are not designed properly for new players, the quests lack infromations for the players which emphasises the eploxation part of the game. Introduction to the vendor is missing aswell, which leads new players to annoying deaths from minor threats such as wildlife or common cold (and also leads the players to make ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reviews).Anti tank weapons are missing, therfore the APC and armored truck has its turret disabled.Items with no purpose (should be updated in future)Server browser is quite useless at the moment if you are playing as party.Missing ability to change keybinds,EAC filters most of the cheaters and hackers, however there are still plenty of them out there. BattlEye support would be nice to minimze the hackers to the abolute minority.Bunker currently has a bug where the subserver will kick you to the menu randomly. Should be fixed in the next patch.Some textures are low resolution, should be fixed in future♥♥♥♥♥♥ newcomers who are making negative reviews because of their incompetency to survive a common cold or a dogwolfmoonmoon thing. Its not the games fault at all, but its quite ♥♥♥♥ing irritating to read those comments / reviews. It makes me puke, honestly. ♥♥♥♥ those people.I still believe this is worth of your pizza money."
,Recommended,519190,34577409,Posted: 29 August,all,Bazooka,"This game is just perfect, of course it needs some fixes but all i see is that the developing team puts effort and time to update it and make it better"
76561198019142073,Recommended,519190,34091717,Posted: 7 August,all,CHINA NUMBER ONE,"Everything I was looking for for only 6 bucks, good deal in my book"
,Recommended,519190,34091330,Posted: 7 August,all,＄ＬＯＴＨ,I can Squatyes
,Recommended,519190,34090970,Posted: 7 August,all,LotsofSpaghetti,Really fun
76561198108056424,Recommended,519190,34081121,Posted: 7 August,all,extremeelementz,"Be prepared to die. Death from wolf. Death from Bear. Death from Looter. Death from Random. Death from some idiot not knowing what to do but thinks its funny. Death from the weather. Death from the green fog. Death from bleeding too much. Just death.After so many deaths you will get the hang of it. And you will be smarter how you die (ie: deposit all items into storage then die allowing you to pick up all your items with the next character) and you start having more fun, and sometimes you'll meet some super helpful people and they will help you advance questlines but then you'll meet someone who likes your hat. Aaaaaand more death. SUPER FUN!"
76561198146400445,Recommended,519190,34086711,Posted: 7 August,all,Unkeptgerm2,its ok
,Recommended,519190,34081715,Posted: 7 August,all,Psinban,good game buy it
,Not Recommended,519190,34169506,Posted: 11 August,all,Babe Itz So Big,"I cant play the game anymore due to the disappear of the main quest row and instead of getting a propper answer u only get a ♥♥♥♥♥torm and btw the community seems to be toxic as ♥♥♥♥, therefore my thumps go down on it."
76561198015573561,Recommended,519190,33770328,Posted: 24 July,all,MorningGhost,There is an ultrawide  3440 x 1440 screen seting so its gets my vote. I played up till the refund game point. Its enjoyalble but frustrating in places and the small map is a little limiting when it comes to exploration. As many people have said its an interesting bent on the usual survival format but not enough to keep my interest.
76561198405032078,Recommended,519190,34089999,Posted: 7 August,all,Pretty_Good,"Hey,That's pretty good"
76561198335866329,Recommended,519190,33931284,Posted: 31 July,all,NQS_Crowe CS.money,Its so good 100%
,Recommended,519190,33798035,Posted: 25 July,all,VP | FaScIsT,Buy this game only on sale! Don't pay full price for half game.
,Recommended,519190,33930289,Posted: 31 July,all,Eskitit,Cheeki breeki!!!!!!!
,Recommended,519190,33974006,Posted: 2 August,all,Antonio ZasralRaz,If you add First person it will be so much better
,Recommended,519190,34353012,Posted: 19 August,all,BRRAAAP,"If you come for DayZ you would love this game. Its much better and being updated alot. This game is not like DayZ not being updated or bugs being fixed or still in early access since 2013. This game will be a little hard opff the start but 1 hour into and its very easy. There is a crafting system wich is also very easy. When you start you will do quest for some people and you will be rewarded with cloths,guns,food,drinks and currency to spend on guns,cloths,food,drinks and alot more. You spend currency at a store at the safe zone and youc an also sell your stuff there. I would not because you dont get good currency. After doing quest you will be able to join a faction civs or looters. There are not many civs and alot of looters in this game. Now other faction will try to kill you and not just player but there ai. This game isent the best looking but is desent and plenty of weapons,cloths, and vehicles. I forgot to mentions the cloths are armour and some may have 50%of armour or 10% of armour so make sure you look what ahs more armour. Animations are very cool and realistic. very fun to play with friends and easy to get looted up maybe like 25 - 30 mins you could be fully geared. When you get a bunch of gear you could sell it or store it to your factions spawn or neutrals spawn. Worth 10 bucks and very fun to play. Keep in mind it make have some bugs but being fixed often. If anyone needs help or wants to play im in the looters faction, ust friend me."
,Recommended,519190,33843623,Posted: 27 July,all,aloe,"TL;DR: Until the exploits are fixed (which they are) the game isn't worth your timeEDIT: THEY FIXED THE EXPLOITSPros- Fun gameplay until you see the first con- Good quests- Pretty good map, and it's getting bigger.- The map size/player ratio is perfect.- PvP is pretty good, could use some tweaksCons- Grenade Exploit- Knife Exploit- Duplication Exploit- Devs won't ban people who use these exploits"
,Recommended,519190,34299702,Posted: 16 August,all,☣ Btm Fdr II ☣,This Game Is Awesome better than dayz it should be worth 40 dollars
,Recommended,519190,33986379,Posted: 2 August,all,SKI MASK THE SLUMP GOD,"I've spent maybe a Day or two playing this game and Well I love the way it feels, it feels amazing and it has alot of potential, And I hope the developers keep creating good content for this game, The only cons are people with grenades at the looter spawn spamming them and taking peoples gear, then leaving the server so they become a looter again."
,Recommended,519190,33778016,Posted: 24 July,all,Conn100battles,"Excellent game, takes some patience and a bit of problem solving on your own, but very worth the sale price. 8/10."
76561198343648864,Recommended,519190,34635656,Posted: 31 August,all,Veto Veletta,I REALLY LIEK THIS GAME BUT I GET KICKED OUT OF THE SERVER EVERY TWO SECOND FOR INTERNET CONNECTION
,Not Recommended,519190,34026309,Posted: 4 August,all,Sir Nom,"I launch, try to connect to EU server. Nothing seems to happen. I refresh and try again. Only way I can exit the game is to Alt-F4, so I do that and try again by relaunching. Exact same thing happens and I still cannot connect to server. Not much I can say about the game, but I wouldn't recommend purchasing if this sort of thing happens to me. Obviously early access and there will be bugs, but bugs at the starting screen? really?"
76561198141276535,Recommended,519190,33726644,Posted: 22 July,all,MrBrado404,"Basically a DayZ without all the running, combat is a little Iffy but overall a very fun game! hope the Devs are active and update this alot, becayse this game has extreme potential!"
76561197983747040,Recommended,519190,33726051,Posted: 22 July,all,JohnDaker'sArmy,"Enjoyed 4 hours of casual, unininterrupted, mildly challenging, single-player exploration. I run a gtx 1050 ti, had everything maxed out in the video settings. It never lagged, froze nor crashed once and ran up to 76fps and occasionally dropped to 59fps. The only odd thing that I experienced was twice opening my inventory and seeing a machine gun, then later a shotgun, show up in my inventory that I'm positive I never picked up. For $7.50 this is a good deal and an especially solid-running EA release to start out with. Good job, creators."
,Recommended,519190,33828369,Posted: 27 July,all,H4CK3R,"Fuun coop survival game that is more PVE focused than PVP, which is the exact thing I was looking for. Better if played with friends. Has a suprisingly nice community that gives out tips and helps new players. Only problem is that it can be extremly buggy and unstable at certain times, but its most likely from being just released on steam. I'd prefer if the characters spoke english instead of russian. Overall, good game but needs more time in the development oven. 8/10 worth buying."
,Recommended,519190,33734509,Posted: 22 July,all,✪R1K0N,Epic game!! i love it so much! please add english!
76561198204993445,Not Recommended,519190,33975715,Posted: 2 August,all,tootiecornet4,Gets in game.Completes 4 quests and gets told to go to a place by an NPC.Walks to the nearest area and sees a car drive by.Car stops 4 guys with AKs get out and blast me.Respawn.Car drives to spawn and the 4 russian guys mock me.FANTASTIC COMMUNITY full of WONDERFUL KOS PEOPLE.DayZ maybe♥♥♥♥♥♥but atleast the map is large enough to be worth playing. in this you walk 10 feet and get shot in the head.wolves roam around and maul you.If you have any sanity dont give a dime to this game.
,Not Recommended,519190,33874974,Posted: 29 July,all,The King Of The Worms,It's just boring and it doesn't even have basic things in survival games you can't search anything in this game for items it's basically a walk around pick up stuff and try not to die which is hard because you need clothes to not get sick but clothes are literally no where to be found it seems.
76561198322208749,Recommended,519190,34892687,Posted: 11 September,all,L.T RIPs,A good solid survival game
,Recommended,519190,34922391,Posted: 13 September,all,Lapoza,Good game..im enjoy playing it..
76561197978413207,Recommended,519190,34950894,Posted: 14 September,all,Warnhammer,"Seems like its headed in the right direction, but there are some glitches in the game at the moment, that prevent proper gameplay and character progression. Played about 90 minutes and got a refund."
76561198062456479,Recommended,519190,34967269,Posted: 15 September,all,AlexChigga,nice game
76561197976086659,Recommended,519190,34969613,Posted: 15 September,all,XDarkwolf63,fun
,Recommended,519190,35220186,Posted: 26 September,all,Lucifer,"Me and friend get this game, play for a while and become looters. Meet a cool as ♥♥♥♥ guy, get a free APC and some loot. Ballin ez, go around kill civilian scum. But then a problem my friend shouts to get some help as he sees someone. I run in and kill the guy no questions ez. Mfw i realise it was a looter. Me and my friend use this to our advantage for loot he lures looters in and i kill them, we get three people and i chill in safe zone. Now a looter again and learnt to not shoot first just to be safe. In short this game is a laugh when playing with mates is a great game to pick up while on offer."
76561197993253036,Recommended,519190,35226740,Posted: 26 September,all,Avery,"Running a mission, dodged\killed npcs, killed by random bear.returning to base, killed 3 steps away from the safe zone by a bear.trying to loot own corpse from previous bear related death, killed by a bear that was camping in nearby bushes.bear/10 will play again."
,Recommended,519190,35231901,Posted: 26 September,all,Xenos,game is awesome and devs update it with awesome stuff all the time
76561198059474295,Recommended,519190,34827511,Posted: 8 September,all,TragicSanity,This game has alot of promise especially with the updates that have been and will come out for this game. Gameplay wise it could use alittle work but for the most part it's a very well made game.
76561198378289055,Recommended,519190,34943549,Posted: 13 September,all,ozybrito559,ima fukken bulldog
76561198104003705,Not Recommended,519190,33828721,Posted: 27 July,all,ThrashX,"I do recommend this game but in its current state, the AI can see through anything and shoot you through anything. Game breaking, and the current inventory is pretty bad having to move all my♥♥♥♥♥♥around for a different backpack and stuff, hopefully it gets better, i realize its buggy and early access, but im just pointing out the cons. Pros are pretty fun punishing thermostat, and fun to play with friends, a good challenge just really buggy"
,Recommended,519190,33778076,Posted: 24 July,all,Shrapnel Effect,"Always wanted a survival game to play with friends that has quests and factions to work with, May be it that they exisit this is a pretty great game at an amazing price. Get S.T.A.L.K.E.R vibes when playing it. If these devs had the budget of Day z this game would be phenomenal as these devs seem to care about whats in the game for the atmoshere and content. I feel like this will end up a really good game but will be held back with its budget in the end. Great Game but look up gameplay and read what the game is about and what you can and can't do. The Negative reviews in this game are people who are expecting much more from a game that costs £8.99 in EA."
76561198199181654,Recommended,519190,34009545,Posted: 3 August,all,Hellcase.com Faded_Toast,"This game is amazing, and cant wait for it to improve. The pvp and ai are so fun to battle this game will make u jump and♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants when u just get shot out of no where. It is a combination of  stalker and metro last light."
76561198186702202,Recommended,519190,34000195,Posted: 3 August,all,nigrfagit,"please fix the ai being kinda op and shooting you through walls thing other than that great game, huge potential"
76561198019283813,Recommended,519190,33996423,Posted: 3 August,all,NekroToon,"Really fun game, very good value for the low price."
76561198369128727,Recommended,519190,33998514,Posted: 3 August,all,SketchySkrt,"This is a very fun game to play, but theres some very annoying issues that need to be fixed:- The AI have the best aim ive ever seen, the moment they start shooting your whole squad is dead.- Some of the quest items are often glitched if you do them with friends. (especially the Depot mission from Vasilik)- Its horrible trying to find a server with friends, you always have to scroll down for 5 minutes or so, and if they are full yougotta scroll all the way back again.- Disappearing items, some dropped items just sink trough the ground and its very annoying.- The health icon doesnt show exactly how much HP you have, only numbers under like 80 or so.- The tank is literally immortal and people often grief settlements.- Cars that you find should stay with you to the next server you join, or just spawn in every settlement.Eitherway i really love this game, i hope that the devs will see this review and actually take something good out of it."
,Recommended,519190,34000109,Posted: 3 August,all,EKtroo,Love this game <3 but needs some updates.
,Recommended,519190,34000552,Posted: 3 August,all,DARKONE GAMING,with what i have played so far i can say this game is well worth the money spent just after 4hours game play and im already hooked with quests and great loot system very enjoyable game cant wait to play more of it
76561198086780400,Recommended,519190,34001738,Posted: 3 August,all,Smiling Black Penis,very like stalker
,Recommended,519190,34005090,Posted: 3 August,all,[STG]iSwanke,"LOVE IT, +Rep worth 100+, if your into a dayz type game mode and more active devs xdde then pick this up massive fan keep up the good work i appericate all you do :P"
,Recommended,519190,34005513,Posted: 3 August,all,Rad Jesus,"This is a good game. It's a very good game with a lot of potential, but there needs to be a lot of balance before its amazing.NPC need to be nerfed. My suggestions:-No pin-point accuracy-Less health-Need to reloadAs for actual PVP it's... okay. A bit stupid. Feels something along the lines as H1Z1, expect a little worse and no first person.With Factions, I have some beef with.Remove the traitor system. While it is good concept on paper, it's not for gameplay. My suggestions:-If someone is traitor of your faction, mark them on the map. It's the most annoying thing as your running back with your loot, and then get killed by a traitor because you didn't know he was there. I might sound like complaining, but if you want people to be punished for killing of the same faction, make them feel punished. As it is, being a traitor doesn't mean much.-Make same-faction killing impossible. My suggestion would be make servers have the same about of faction members available: 15 Looters, 15 Civilians, 5 neutrals (if someone is new). This would make it more faction war feeling than it is right now.Other than my suggestions, this is a really good game."
76561198258019216,Recommended,519190,34006963,Posted: 3 August,all,ZE BAT,"i spent 12.5 hours on this game and somehow all of my stuff is missing,, im talking about 40+ guns cloths other weapons.. wtf happened to it all?????? this game is extreamly good but idk if i want to play it if everytime i get set for this game i lose everything that i had in storage"
,Recommended,519190,34344121,Posted: 18 August,all,Korean Geezus,spent 4 hours getting great gear only for a naked dude at HQ to throw a grenade and loot my body10/10
,Recommended,519190,34231881,Posted: 14 August,all,Bodega,This is in mother RUSSIA 1000% No just because bears are OP as ♥♥♥♥♥ and because we got Lada and modern katyushaI love it but i want to drive lada blynAproved by meIdi nahui awayOh yeah and AI its OP as ♥♥♥♥ too xDDont fight them wait for a nerf
76561198292049808,Recommended,519190,33687002,Posted: 20 July,all,BIGWAR65,IT IS OK
,Recommended,519190,33704963,Posted: 21 July,all,Bernie Mac,As i kid i played this game called Death to Spies. I get that vibe from this game and i love that and i just started playing it and im already having loads of fun. Defiently a bang for your buck. Graphics arent the best and theres a few other bugs and small things that patches can fix easily. This games got a ton of positive reviews so obviously the game cant be bad. Give it a try :D <3
,Recommended,519190,33711666,Posted: 21 July,all,Gran Autismo 2k17,got into a knife fight 3 mins into playing... slav/10
,Recommended,519190,33735932,Posted: 22 July,all,B o o l,Super fun to play with friends. It's early access so if you can't handle a game with some bugs don't bother. Although i have not seen any major ones so far. This game has great potential and i can't wait for future updates.
,Not Recommended,519190,35204866,Posted: 25 September,all,M,great game.https://i.imgur.com/35Qh8ew.jpg
,Not Recommended,519190,34298320,Posted: 16 August,all,Blazer,"Literally one of the worst games I've played.""Mostly positive reviews""Haha probably paying bots for good reviews.I started the game, got a tutorial in russian, and finished first quest and had to go out into the world or something on the second one and got shot dead by a hacker literally the second I walked out of the safezone. Repeat 7 times before I refund/uninstall.Edit: Maybe I was too harsh? Not many people like my review so let me explain more.TL;DR The game is literally DayZ except all the bandits and hackers and everyone else spawn in the exact same area and the game looks like it was made in 2005. If you're into that, cool man."
,Not Recommended,519190,34029265,Posted: 4 August,all,Curve,"Downloaded the game. Updated game before playing. Started game. Need to connect to server before being able to access options (video, audio, controls, etc). Couldn't connect to a server at all. Couldn't close game (ESC does nothing).Uninstalled game. Requested refund."
,Not Recommended,519190,34442934,Posted: 23 August,all,Betrayy,"This game sucks..... you spend hours to get the mili loots (I had a FULL ghillie suit, RPK with 200+ ammo, AKN with 100+ ammo and 30% protection bullet proof vest) and then some retard on your own faction kills u for it and you have to start all over again.... great, this game is so fun wheeee"
,Not Recommended,519190,34721750,Posted: 3 September,all,Arizona,Repetitive and boring. Get Escape from Tarkov.
76561198073789041,Not Recommended,519190,34409253,Posted: 21 August,all,Shoddles,"It is not a mix between any other suvival games, it is a poor mans Day Z but Day Z is terrible so you can imagine the game you will end up with.  Not even worth $10.00, the only fun thing I had was reading the chat as two tweenies pretended they were going to meet up in real life to fight.If you have never played Day Z or survival game and you want a cheapy to get into, dont try this one. You will be farmed by everyone else as soon as you leave the starting area."
,Not Recommended,519190,34124705,Posted: 9 August,all,Ragnarøkkr,Extremely clunky.. community seems garbage too (the ones i came across). Might improve with future updates. In it's current state i wouldn't recommend it.
,Not Recommended,519190,34192135,Posted: 12 August,all,Slowsodium,"I honestly found this game extremely boring, with lackluster gameplay and awful visuals, even on ultra settings. However, I will say that the quest system is rather nicely set up. Overall though, I wouldn't reccomend this."
,Not Recommended,519190,33890268,Posted: 29 July,all,Mad Dawg Marty,Like a mix of STALKER and DayZ. Not very polished at the moment.
,Not Recommended,519190,34805415,Posted: 7 September,all,Jacket The Deer,"a very quick swing, and a very quick missplayer count dropped 20 fold"
,Not Recommended,519190,34248665,Posted: 14 August,all,Havekk,"Spawn in do some quests have to kill wolf for steak. kill wolf, use a first aid to heal just to get shot by a player IN A SAFE ZONE?!"
,Not Recommended,519190,34468054,Posted: 24 August,all,Cyberseal82,"This game is terrible, The graphics absolutely do not match the videos or pictures. I promise you that if you buy this game you will either like it or love it within the first 30 mins me personally and as well my friends it took us less than that to request a refund. again you dont have to take my word for it but i suggest that if your not into it you get your refund in the first 2 hours I honestly see this game being abandoned before to long.btw most pve servers only have 4 to 8 people pvp servers had roughly 12 the highest server count I seen wsas 12 people and that was the maximum people allowed on the server."
76561198115380831,Not Recommended,519190,34385488,Posted: 20 August,all,Paradoxassault,I'll just go play S.T.A.L.K.E.R. thanks.
,Not Recommended,519190,34043863,Posted: 5 August,all,FearBroner,full of trolls and F boys. Also various bugs
76561198372161735,Not Recommended,519190,33929249,Posted: 31 July,all,lafrog2013,i cant play it just crash befor i can even play >:|
,Not Recommended,519190,34167966,Posted: 11 August,all,Razika,"I cannot recommend in current state for a few reasons:*No controller/keyboard rebinding. IMO, controller support, even if its just the option for it, should be in every game by now.*Weapon damage and hp of enemies needs work. A wolf should not take 6 shots to kill. Period. I don't care if you're using the makeshift pipe rifle from the tutorial quest. I grew up in Iowa, and spent over a decade hunting coyotes, it should take 1, 2 shots tops to take one down regardles where you hit it. I was willing to look past some of the other minor things like keybinding and unpolished graphics, but spending 30 seconds and a handfull of ammo killing a single wolf was just too unrealistic to me.*Inventory management needs work. I shouldnt have to drop everything out of my current backpack on the ground,just to switch to a bigger one.This has been the closest to STALKER multiplayer (other than mods for the original) that I have ever seen, and will DEFINITELY be keeping an eye out for future updates, and when my gripes are addressed, will definitely be repurchasing again. I desperately want this game to succeed, because it has the potential to be really awesome.As of now, its gonna have to be a no for me, though."
,Not Recommended,519190,34345340,Posted: 19 August,all,TheColemanator,"I honestly do not go out of my way too often to describe how much I hate something. This is beyond, the worst game I've ever played.  You may as well go play Day Z when it was an Arma 2 mod. Or now for that matter.... Don't do man, this game just sucks so mush donkey dong I would hate for you to spend your, or your parents hard earned cash on this game.... ♥♥♥♥ing scrap this GaWbaGe"
,Not Recommended,519190,34068686,Posted: 6 August,all,rain,"One of the worst f***in games i've ever played!7 hours of my gameplay? Dying at soldiers who can shoot at you from 10km away and they will never give up until you actually log out or die. Bears chasing you until the other end of the world, and when you finally get to your loot, suddenly all your loot disappears because server decides to do a clean up or its a bug i dont know because my friend and me had our loots go missing at the exact same time while we were staring at it waiting for the fkin bears to go away!Can i give this game a -10 please? Russians probably drinking vodka enjoying all our early access money we paid them.I don't think this game can ever be fixed."
,Not Recommended,519190,33979465,Posted: 2 August,all,Marlon,♥♥♥♥ i refunded it.
,Not Recommended,519190,33980865,Posted: 2 August,all,IcyBob,I do not understand how this game has mostly positive reviews. In-game looks completely different than the store page. SOFF Games has a long way to go with this game.
,Not Recommended,519190,35066460,Posted: 19 September,all,Your Toy,"First 2 hours is spent running around doing quests, just to get killed by some random player who thinks he is some sort of bad a$$. I really feel like I wasted my money here and will be requesting a refund. Toxic community with constant swear words in the chat, racial remarks constantly. Tons of exploits, like pushing players out of the safe zone with cars and killing them and full looting them. I will spend my time elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,519190,33918557,Posted: 30 July,all,Sr ali,why ban iraan and we cant join in servergoverment have problem why ban we?
76561198048034277,Not Recommended,519190,34017959,Posted: 4 August,all,Aburn,"aspect good, game bad, buy play 2 hours find out for yourself, if it was under five pound fair enough but not even worth 8.99 die, gather, die , gather no real objective and surviving is pointless as dying coems too easy"
,Not Recommended,519190,34110713,Posted: 8 August,all,(FMG) Hazarduz,"Enjoyed it until you got out of the fresh spawn area, then it was just people who have far superior gear just camping and waiting for you to leave the camp, then you were dead... Respawn, repeat the process, respawn etc... Get's very boring and annoying.Thank god for Steam refunds."
76561197982464643,Not Recommended,519190,33907019,Posted: 30 July,all,Captain_MoonPig,"Quick review, this game is enjoyable, like the quests alot and there is alot of communciation between players. There is bugs but those are to be expected however one thing is unforgivable.In the world where nearly every game is hacked without a good anti-cheat system, why on earth did this game get released when it clearly dosen't have none. 2 hours in and speedhacking is everywhere and it makes the game pointless.Get it fixed before you release it, i feel like a mug for buying this !Don't buy until you read a review that says its fixed !"
76561198018531067,Not Recommended,519190,33926741,Posted: 31 July,all,Alexboi98,Loads game > Gets melee > melees civilian > brander traitor with no gear > die on hypothermia > cant delete character :) nice la
,Not Recommended,519190,33967110,Posted: 2 August,all,Prince_Bohran,I couldnt connect to any regionsI will never trust Russian gamesI will refund this game
,Not Recommended,519190,34394317,Posted: 21 August,all,Goggieman,"I'll just tell you my experience with the game. from the start you are given some missions to complete to get you started. I was told to find a Knife and go and kill a wolf. Here's where the problems started the wolf killed me and I lost the knife it's impossible to kill the wolf without it. So I run around trying to find other equipment. No joy, either other players shoot me or I freeze to death in 5 minutes. The game gets annoying real quick especially as I can't reasign any of the keys which pretty much makes it impossible to play the game comfortably as a left hander. On the plus side the atmosphere of the game is pretty good but the graphics are bad worse than Arma 2 which I would recommend over this you can then play the DayZ mod which has a ton of content out there more maps, mods, crafting etc and even more importantly you can aim down sight. This game may turn out to be a good purchase but I just don't see what it has to offer over DayZ mod for the same price.Not a complete write off but it needs a lot of polish, I'll revisit in the future and hopefully it will have improved. Being able to reassign key mapping should be a basic requirement of any game, even early access and for that reason more than any other i cannot recommend this game in it's current condition."
,Not Recommended,519190,33865824,Posted: 28 July,all,[LOVE] Neves,"I don't have too many hours in the game and from my first initial impressions the game has a lot of potential.It has a lot of things that i dont enjoy as well, the weather is OP as hell, you will die to colds 50% of the time as a new player, The animals are ludicrously difficult to kill if you dont have a weapon, even if you have a weapon if you get hit once you have to find a bandage and risk bleeding out. The game is really frustrating when you die because a bear came out of nowhere and you cant get away. Half of the text is still in russian and you cant rekeybind the controls for the game... jesus.Recommend the game after a few fixes."
76561198125459609,Recommended,519190,33836792,Posted: 27 July,all,EndlessBreadSticksAtOliveGarden,"I met some guy, promised him wealth and then shot his girlfriend.10/10 would old yeller another girlfriend."
76561198148464867,Not Recommended,519190,34044432,Posted: 5 August,all,MARIO,:(
,Not Recommended,519190,34701988,Posted: 2 September,all,Thingy,Spawn inGet treeGet KnifeGet gun partsbleed out from wolf because game doesnt tell you that you're dyingsomeone loots youyou get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥they kill youREPEAT
,Not Recommended,519190,34242043,Posted: 14 August,all,RVN. None Of This Matters,Don't bother right now. Maybe after a couple years of baking in the oven I'd recommend it.
76561198219103175,Not Recommended,519190,34743909,Posted: 4 September,all,Reynolds,Absolute garbage.
,Not Recommended,519190,34254981,Posted: 15 August,all,[MOG]SirPhoenixBlood,had it didnt like it stiff gameplay no real fun in it
76561198060208576,Not Recommended,519190,33821032,Posted: 26 July,all,Stat Trak Game Thrower,my honest opinion the fun in this game last about as long as piece of juciy fruit gum. Here is my reasoning to it the game seems fresh and fun at first but sadly just loses all enjoyment after you complete the games tutorial and leave the safe zone only to die to someone who already has better gear and guns. My advice is to wait for this game and see if it improves before even spending any amount of money on itI rate this game a 4/10 its not a bad idea and could have potential but there needs to be a little bit more of a safer zone expansion or anything in that order to prevent bambis from being spawn killed so to say
76561198015616957,Recommended,519190,33714906,Posted: 22 July,all,RJ,☝🏻️
,Recommended,519190,33678416,Posted: 20 July,all,TheFiresInside,cant go wrong with $7.50 for the game. its worth it.
76561198166304212,Not Recommended,519190,33818554,Posted: 26 July,all,OldButNew,Ok for now I have to thumbs down and here is the only reason.I am trying to learn the game off line and have failed a mission. I can not complete and I can not start over . At the current state i can not see how to start over. If you can start over (without reloading game) please reply and let me know.Otherwise it is smooth gameplay. At current state you need to learn in online game or don't screw up a mission once because you can not start over.
76561198067801555,Not Recommended,519190,34524254,Posted: 27 August,all,Jackie Chan,"I really like the concept of this game and I am having a lot of fun with it. But there are game breaking things I've came across such as esp(aim hacking across map.) Also I watched a player by the name of ""LuftWaffe"" literally duplicate vss mags and then taunt me to leave safe zone. He also took a pile of gear and put it at the safe zone door and told us to pick up the scraps. That would've been fine if he didn't duplicate all of it in front of us. Even after I threatened him that I was recording him. Of course I can just switch servers, and I did. But then I was met with being shot from someone miles away from me in the game. So pretty much the other side of the map considering the worlds size so far. Hopefully they'll keep working towards finishing and improving this one. The concept is nice and refreshing a survival game with a faction and quest system is fun. But is destroyed by the lack of hacking security and game breaking hacks. So I might revisit this in the future if things change."
,Not Recommended,519190,34593723,Posted: 29 August,all,Dizzy?,"Love the concept. Could love the game, If it weren't so laggy on minimal graphics. Getting a refund and checking back later to see if it, ultimately, becomes playable."
76561198045759690,Not Recommended,519190,33999275,Posted: 3 August,all,Diabetus_Elitus,"Its not as fun as everyone makes it out to be. Me and a group of 3 civis in neutral base 2 traitors and a looter hop in so i drive to raditon to flush them out they get out follow us and the wolf out past the neutral gas station? my apc got stuck on it didnt run it over just stuck on it. They were sitting on all sides of the apc and i had to hop out get shot so the wolf would move. Amazing problems. Then i go to civi base so i can again flush them out. Get stuck on a tree stump while someone is doing the kill the looters in front of civi base misson so i have 2 traitors 1 looter and 3 ai looters, and my apc is stuck on a log all wheels on the ground just stuck. then we get surrounded. i log try to go behind the line a good 100 meters. so them being decent human beings thought i should step back he is probably logging behind us. Good on them. Then i load in and die before i can even see my game yet. black screen and im getting shot i hear my guy die lose all my stuff. Oh and they have a civi in their group now so he is shooting but not killing you so you dont go traitor and i get spawn camped then. i have over 100 player kills we pvp all the time but dying before logging in? getting a multi ton apc stuck on a log? on a wolf?!? Everything that has happened has made me Dislike the game and as i cant refund it im done with it. Awful bugs Awful awful bugs that literally handicap you i would have no issues fighting them if the game worked none hit reg is pretty decent snipe people all the time no problem but getting killed when you log into a civi base during a raid? you cant see who killed you just you loggged in your factions land and you die its just seriously such a let down i cant even stomach playing the game.  Oh and these people also were throwing grenades in neutral zone damaging you at the trader. Fix the quest glitch where people make bank off items or fix the mechanics so people dont lose items for no reason? I guess priorities right? No this game was fun when it started something new wasnt awful, but then you have those people in all communites that take bugs and problems and exploit them and you wont deal with them. 2/10 i feel bad telling my friends to buy the game."
76561198329122796,Not Recommended,519190,34008250,Posted: 3 August,all,jackiehall1990,bad game not working
,Recommended,519190,33705867,Posted: 21 July,all,👉RaZ👈,The game is okay.Keep up the work devs.
,Not Recommended,519190,33888091,Posted: 29 July,all,Gio_,"This game can be fun to play with some great PVP and player interactions but also can be extremely irritating and difficult to get started. Traitors and looters which camp the very 1st quest town near the neutral zone wait for bambies to go to the medic center for a quest, wait for you to loot the meds and then take you out. Problem with that is now you will respawn in your trousers with nothing again and no 1st quests to get some survival gear back. Just starting out you have no $$ to buy another knife which you cannot kill bears or wolves without it nor outrun them, no gun or mats to make another gun, and what little warmth of clothing you did have is gone. The respawning of loot can take a very long time causing you to abandoned and surf to another server. You will freeze to death trying to make it to another town to loot to avoid these 9 years old kids. They will camp this 1st town absolutely ruining this game for people. No matter what server you spawn into it seems there is always some camper picking off bambies near the neutral zone. I dont reccomend this game as of yet for serious players, maybe purchasing it and letting it sit on the back burners in your Steam Library for awhile because it is just $10"
,Recommended,519190,33706408,Posted: 21 July,all,Spooky Pupper,"So to sum all this up its basically if dayz, h1z1, rust, and stalker came together after 3 days of planning on craigslist and had an orgy and this is the offspring created from it. I love this game."
76561197981609710,Recommended,519190,33704911,Posted: 21 July,all,Pancake,Camp fire simulator 2017....10/10 would crack a cold one with the boys at the fire again.
76561198123905412,Recommended,519190,35149954,Posted: 23 September,all,gh0st,stalker atmosphere - love it!
,Recommended,519190,33707953,Posted: 21 July,all,GoodGuyFisk,"Well done guys, loads of fun!For the money i spent on it i didnt think i would get a rly fun game! Im Hooked, you got my vote.Looking forward to see what you guys come up with."
,Recommended,519190,33712457,Posted: 21 July,all,Money Again,"Honest Review:Pros:Good RPTeamsGroupsGood GunplayDecent PerformanceGood PriceConsquences for Betrayal and innocent killingCons:Takes forever to fix your mistakesOccasional Frame DropsEverything's in Russian (Can work around)Would recommend as the price is really fair, enjoyable game. Hours of fun for 7$"
76561198040055963,Recommended,519190,33712503,Posted: 21 July,all,The Dawn Inquisitor,"Meet up with a friend who says game is quality.Friend kills first wolf with makeshift rifle.Get first rifle.Feel bad♥♥♥♥♥ die immediately.Follow questline, get AK.Feel bad♥♥♥♥♥ die immediately.Return to corpse, retrieve weapon.Feel naked and afraid, survive this time.Get enough money to buy a decent weapon.Kill military patrol.""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ that's an APC!.""It works, but we have very little fuel.We drive it directly into Locator, a metro of evil looter activity, all while shuting cheeki bereeki and honking its annoying♥♥♥♥♥horn.Die horribly.10/10"
,Recommended,519190,33831049,Posted: 27 July,all,TheFriendlyCommunist~~,"The game is certainly dodgy and hard to learn, but after calming down from my previous bad review, I realized I can't just wholesomely blame the game for everything.It has its ups and downs like any game or early access game, but if you expected more from a genre like DayZ Standalone and were left hanging, this 7€ game is really good so far.Plus, the atmosphere of it being Russian is quite intriguing.Combat is also interesting!"
,Not Recommended,519190,34307944,Posted: 17 August,all,mobbie,fun game for few ours then gets boringproscheapside stufffactionsconssmall maplacking a lot of stuffop af aido i recommend  this right now? no wait for updates (hopefully)
,Not Recommended,519190,33823799,Posted: 26 July,all,DR-DJ (-<3Jazzaa-),"BORING AFunless you like small arms and slow movment then buy it, but other then that nothing is great."
76561198260663758,Not Recommended,519190,33821474,Posted: 26 July,all,[RT]TTNation,im having a problem it says something about it cant install easyanticheat i have a 64 bit pc and it says something about (34) im confused and need help
76561198128237907,Not Recommended,519190,33814439,Posted: 26 July,all,GIVE ME YOUR SHEKELS,"Right now this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I know its Early Access but with the current stages of the game, I find that not including any form of instruction for new players is not the best of ideas. I played two hours and still have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ is going on! whats this icon mean? how do I trade? how do I do (anything)? Not only that but the beginner quests that I guess are supposed to help, surprise; don't ♥♥♥♥ing help. I did the first few quests thinking I could accomplish them with the equipment I had; however once I tried to kill the wolf at its lair, I figured out I couldn't do it easily with a knife! wtf am I supposed to do?Sorry if this review is poorly constructed, Im just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off I cant get a refund anymore."
76561198127330954,Recommended,519190,33860210,Posted: 28 July,all,Mitchee,"Can squat, 10/10"
76561198067300621,Recommended,519190,33860199,Posted: 28 July,all,Mothra DxD T2000 Wafiu Destroyer,love it 10/10
76561198118123295,Recommended,519190,33860279,Posted: 28 July,all,Sam Pound,This game is opop
,Not Recommended,519190,33901945,Posted: 30 July,all,DocSalvator,People prey upon those just starting in the game just outside of the safe zone. After playing for nearly 20 minutes another player was kind enough to gift me some clothes to keep me from dying only so I could be cut down by someone with an ak47 as soon as I took on a starter quest and lost everything.
,Recommended,519190,34204042,Posted: 12 August,all,El Puta Vlad,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,519190,34363503,Posted: 19 August,all,buLLzane,F**K THE LOOTERS!CIV GANG
76561198141467937,Recommended,519190,34406169,Posted: 21 August,all,𝔠𝔥𝔞𝔭𝔱𝔢𝔯,Pretty fun on the PVE servers really gives you sense of you're not alone you have Looters after you and if you ♥♥♥♥ with the military there coming for you too and not to mention the ♥♥♥♥ing cow wolves and gorrila bears also play this game with a friend.
76561198349139195,Recommended,519190,34412321,Posted: 22 August,all,InteRcepTor,"its good but fraustrating , so expensive to trade for weapons and easily die from cold or poisoning ,make more time to die not just die in 5 minutes or 10 plsmore cars needed and more weapons in the houses"
76561198084803804,Recommended,519190,34416029,Posted: 22 August,all,Tietetank,A game Mix between Dayz Miscreated  STALKER   a small touch of Escape from Tarkov   Makes this a A lethal survival game cocktail That tastes very goodGreat game Very cheap priced Amazed me in a very positive way. The atmosphere of the game is great One moment you are grinding for stuff walking around like a tourist thru Russia The next you are fighting a fierce battle with looters And this is  one player You can do fun RPG missions Or play with friendsSo for 9 euros 3 game options PVP PVE and a coming Battle Royal this is a must buy for survival game lovers Only downside No FPS and when you get killed you lose youre hard earned♥♥♥♥♥♥So you need to grind find and sell♥♥♥♥♥♥To do the  mission over  And this is sometimes unforgiving fighting solo against 3 AI  looters So better bring a friend to the fight :)
,Recommended,519190,34091379,Posted: 7 August,all,Dewsa,used to be good before people started developing cheats for it.
76561198070414997,Recommended,519190,33770664,Posted: 24 July,all,xTcR | Shiroto [IN-M],Cheeki breeki
76561198104969122,Not Recommended,519190,34675261,Posted: 1 September,all,Majjjestic,♥♥♥♥
76561198031713759,Not Recommended,519190,34182153,Posted: 11 August,all,*KoV* Emskinz,Dont store anything it just randomly vanishes at any given point dont kill anyone as the body will just vanish at any point in fact dont buy this half arsed game at any point.
,Not Recommended,519190,34665569,Posted: 1 September,all,BearSlayer,Not very different from the hundreds of other games out there and yet has managed to keep every single boring aspect of those games and bugs as well!
,Recommended,519190,34124466,Posted: 9 August,all,Patriarch,good game worth the money
76561198304630588,Recommended,519190,33958096,Posted: 1 August,all,B_---- (MonsterEnergy),Great game. I wanted to make a review in hope that a dev saw this and I wanted to point out that you cant reload the SVD magazines with any 7.62 cartridge. Would be great if this could get fixed asap.
,Not Recommended,519190,33981479,Posted: 2 August,all,THACOLLECTA,THIS GAME SHOULD NOT BE IN EARLY ACCESS. IT SHOULD NOT BE FOR SALE. BUYER BEWARE
76561198010884454,Not Recommended,519190,33892373,Posted: 29 July,all,thømas,♥♥♥♥
76561198008263462,Not Recommended,519190,33960898,Posted: 1 August,all,rabiddtreefrawg,"This game has so much potential but falls so so short. If you want to play single player, good luck. The game does not seem to scale for this. You will recieve quests that are all but impossible to complete without exploiting game breaking glitches (like get quest, get item from quest giver, sell item, abandon quest, retake quest, rinse and repeat.) or comming to the conclusion that you will lose all your stuff...alot. Mainly cause the game glitches out half the time and your body just vanishes. The weight system in opressive. two small stacks of sticks weighs 2kg! There is also no hotkey for anything like healing. In short if you want to play this game, buy S.T.A.L.K.E.R. and you'll get a similar game style thats 100% better."
,Not Recommended,519190,34612126,Posted: 30 August,all,ADAM LALLANA,Trash :)
,Recommended,519190,33870556,Posted: 28 July,all,PHPkiller,"cant say any thing more about it , even thou its still early but i love its so much <3"
,Recommended,519190,33870764,Posted: 28 July,all,Syn,Everytime I go to point n12 I hear a guitar.
76561198159270600,Recommended,519190,34904164,Posted: 12 September,all,Gator,"Fun while questing, lacks end game content."
,Recommended,519190,35185110,Posted: 24 September,all,Skion,"This is a great game, especially for the money, I recommend buying it."
76561198407118593,Not Recommended,519190,34187342,Posted: 12 August,all,haydenbrownwinning,wont connect or even start loading when i click on a server
76561198192034382,Recommended,519190,34588043,Posted: 29 August,all,☢Thunder ☢,love this game <333
76561198370719156,Recommended,519190,33998492,Posted: 3 August,all,Questionable white stain,"So far i love this game because it´s a bit different than other survival games on steam, the faction system is nice and the quests add more content. I know the game is an early acces game but some things that need fixing/tweaking are the AI:s accuracy since they basically have aimbot, their agro range is also a bit too long. It´s also very hard to find servers to play on with my friends. But in my opinion this game has more pros than cons and im looking forward to future updates."
76561198259233688,Recommended,519190,34000327,Posted: 3 August,all,Free Bacon,"Very nice survival game. Go on 4/4 player servers to get gear and team up with people, play on 20/20 player servers once you have some decent gear and go kill some people, Die, then repeat."
,Recommended,519190,33706587,Posted: 21 July,all,[Trap] Melon,"TL;DR (with longer at bottom)multiple zones, neutral, looter, and civilian, msot people are looters because they want to kill people, however civilians can kill looters and keep status, looters can kill anyone but looter, if you shoot your own faction you become traitor, you can switch between but it takes a long time and a lot of kills, basic resource management interesting leveling up mechanics, Ai is a bit strong but if you learn how they reload you can avoid ever being hit, bleed damage is cancer, get armor to prevent chance of bleeding, always have a med kit if your gonna fight, gas zones have gucci loot, ♥♥♥♥ bears up with shotgunscheeki breeki iv damke (longer review)some settings are still in russian and you cant change keybinds but honestly none of the keybinds are horrible so its manageable. My experience with this game was great, at the very biginning I foudn a guillie suit which was pretty luck at the early wolf spawn I died of bleed so my friend killed the guy who looted me and we got it back, he became a loot and I went on to be a ivilian so work both sides, there are towns only your faction can go to.  Civilian town some times has air drops and I was able to get an m4 and best armor from it, (it was lit) so gave my buddy an m4 and he attacked the civ town killed 4 peeople, got a vss an m4 svd and the other sniper, one AI was bleeding out in a tower and apparently they dont die and you cant revive them so thats awkward. Foudn a server that finally had a byunch of civialians we loaded up 6 people in an apc and raided a looter town ez pz, got all the snipers and some aks, went to the other town got shot in the back so last guy grabbed apc and drove ack home with the loot we left in its storage.anyways I think this game is fun but you need friends, if you press p you can invite people to your group and there a timer for when people leave so they cant just leave and kill you which is very handy, jsut kill and flay animals for food and bring a water bottle with oyu to refil between the towns, ive raided 3 air drops and usually I cant hold it all by myself so bring a buddyOverall:The game is fun better with friends and the faction you chooe greatly affects your gameplay, civialians I have never seen team kill because it instantly makes you a traitor and all civ ai will decimate you so thats the safer path, plus you can kill looters! basically loot any helicopter you go by and keep some steak with you. hit tab and hover over the bottom right to figure out hwats wrong with you, get some clothes warm up antibiotics to loose a cold and drink from a well when you are a thristy hoe"
,Not Recommended,519190,33829861,Posted: 27 July,all,L𝗬𝗦𝗘𝗥𝗚I𝗖𝗔L,"At first this was promising but I realized that the dev's spent more time polishing the store page than the game design.If you want to lock missions behind item requirements you might want to make sure that those items aren't also locked behind previous missions which you can't re-play on character death. If this happens to you & you don't want to become a 'traitor' then you're forced to wait around the area that people are doing those missions until they randomly die and then loot the item you need.Movement is clunkier than Day Z, oh okay they have an animation for gathering whoopee, you can't play if you have Win symbols/alt-code/unicode text in your name, guns have no recoil & use sounds from what sounds like the original Arma,Clothing items are some of the lowest resolution textures I've seen in years I'm not a graphics buff if it's an indie game but is it so hard to click save > 2048x2048 instead of save > 128x128 when you're making textures?Slapping on passive stat buffs an RPG element does not make.Survival elements are so short-fused that they're just frustrating, as a new spawn without clothing you can get a cold within the first 20 seconds of spawning and the first antibiotic item you get after the obligatory 10 minute running simulation IS A ♥♥♥♥ING QUEST ITEM.Well speaking of running simulators the devs are genius, they managed to fit the most boring running simulation I've ever played into a map the size of my bathroom.I'd rather only play the original DayZ mod for the rest of my life than buy this game again, I requested a refund.The only redeeming quality of this game is it's performance but considering the player limits, texture resolutions/graphics, the size of the map, the very low frequency of loot drops and the fact that it's 2017 with triple-A engines available for free it's sad that we even have to mention it."
76561197994816213,Not Recommended,519190,33771378,Posted: 24 July,all,Banatsu,"well. 6€, not bad. Graphics are from 2010. Looks literally like stalker. I like the two faction setting what this game has. Could be fun, without some big nuisances like getting cold, dying to cough all over again. Has some nice animations tho. Maybe if i had lower end pc and i couldnt run some other survival games properly i would give this one more chances, but atm it feels too shallow and aged for me.I recommend this to players who are looking for something fun survival for lower end pc specs. You will get a bang for buck, its only 6€.I dont recommend this to people who are quite picky with their games and are looking for something new."
,Not Recommended,519190,33772832,Posted: 24 July,all,AdroitTom,Pretty boring.
76561198201673701,Not Recommended,519190,35072781,Posted: 19 September,all,davidmurphey18,"The game is♥♥♥♥♥♥as ♥♥♥♥, Reloading cancels itself out, so if you reload in a fight there's a good chance u will stop reloading and still have 0 ammo loaded. and u will die. happens all the time"
,Not Recommended,519190,34484559,Posted: 25 August,all,RedPlays,"Ever played ArmA? Well you're in luck! this game is literally Arma's Epoch but with worse AI and more unbalanced weapons! I know what you're thinking, ""Oh i love Arma so its okay"" NOT for this price! go buy the original arma and download the epoch mod because thats all this game is.Loads of bugs with the quests, Online is as expected ""kill on sight"" and the factions are a load of crap.The concept however saturated by other games is still original and clever but the presentation of the graphics along with the poorly optimised game make this game worth £2 at most.I would reccomend purchasing Arma 3 or Arma 2 and trying the Epoch mod and you'll see exactly what im on about.This game features the bad russian voice acting, no subtitles and quests that are designed to make you busy not to actually progress.The crafting system is unclear and is all over the place when it comes to recipes.All in all i feel bad writing negative reviews and i understand that this took someone time to make but unfortunately as a frequent Survival/Dayz/Epoch gamer i was sadly disappointed in what this game is but also in what it could have become.Here is an abbreviated version of my rating out of 5 starsGraphics: ** (Exactly same art as Arma 1/2Gameplay: ** (Fun for the first 10 minuutes, gets repetetive and very annoying when you die that you have to start all over again because an AI locked onto you when you were stealthing through a treeline 300m away)Multiplayer: ** (Intense but you can get the same gameplay on DayZ and Arma's Epoch mod everyone kills on sight)Optimisation: *** (It runs at 30fps going as high as 43 and my custom built pc would slap me for wasting such a great system on a useless game like this)Weapons: *** (Standard models of any other game, sniper is a 3 hit kill above waist which is annoying af, get yourself an AK and be done with it)AI: Somehow can lock onto you when crouched/prone 500m away hidden behind foilage in a treelineMissions/Story/Quests: * (Uncreative and put in there to make you put more time in, no real progression from doing quests other then the odd part for somethingMap: **** The map seems to be the only thing thats actually well made and thought out.Would i reccomend this to a friend?Hell noWould i play this again?Probably would find it in my library at some point in the future and maybe boot it up and ask myself what was i thinking when i bought this game.Overall if you like survival games this is a great btec version of Dayz and as i have said so many times Arma's Epoch mod.Hope this gave you some insight however scathing."
,Recommended,519190,34160754,Posted: 10 August,all,BAJO NOTICED ME,u want a travel backpack camo?
76561198355556661,Recommended,519190,34439047,Posted: 23 August,all,berryvo,great game
76561198199309698,Not Recommended,519190,35460119,Posted: 3 October,all,WolfMage,"If it ever loads, it's laggy as hell or you get kicked back to the menu again.  Worse game ever, perhaps with all the money the dev's are bilking out of the masses they can upgrade their servers?  Steam should drop this title until they do."
,Recommended,519190,34085851,Posted: 7 August,all,McNeal,"This game is fun. It has good mechanics so far.However, the gun mechanics leave something to be desired. I would love to be able to ADS instead of a zoomed over the shoulder crosshair."
,Not Recommended,519190,33797318,Posted: 25 July,all,Herbi,"Would be a great game if the people playing wouldnt be massive♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Summary:Try to do the questsOh look loot!Get shotLose all items including the items you gained from previous quests.Notice you cant re-do quests.Well alright that's a bummer, I guess I'll try to keep on doing questsComplete quest that gives you hazmat suitGet shot by random dude who found a gunLose hazmat suitOh wow okay, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Do next questFind out you need the hazmat suit from last quest to be able to do the new questCan't complete questGet killed by another randomSo yeah like I said, game would be great, if ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s weren't playing it ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Not Recommended,519190,33775673,Posted: 24 July,all,Orcywoo6,"You spawn naked in the same safe zone every time you die, player killers camp the safe zone and shoot you as soon as you walk out. Enough said. Game is mostly russian."
,Not Recommended,519190,33783330,Posted: 25 July,all,Dusty Wizard,While this is the best survival game I've played in a long time it's far too easy to grief people. In the towns players can block the doorways to the merchant which is extremely important because that's where you store all your items. The only way you can get through is by killing them but killing them turns you into a traitor and causes all the NPC's in the area to hunt you down. Now that guy that blocked your path gets to loot your corpse and take everything while they parade around town wearing all of your gear and you can't get it back or you will deemed a traitor once again. I would recommend this game if the developers can find a way to stop that from happening or you can manage to find servers where people aren't doing this. The game is great but this seems like a huge oversight by the developers.
,Not Recommended,519190,33750059,Posted: 23 July,all,Chewy,"It's a good concept but the user interface and movement feel extremely clunky. You can forgive the graphics for the cheap price. It's not Dayz, it's more of a multiplayer stalker. NPC and dialogue make it more atmospheric. Maybe if they improve the clunkyness I would buy it again."
76561197966526680,Not Recommended,519190,33815372,Posted: 26 July,all,Saracen26,"I spent some time watching this game on YouTube, people singing it's praises, enjoying the game, and highly recommending it. The game did look good. However upon playing the game, it's anything but fun to a newcomer of the genre like me. The first couple of quests are simple, progression seems ok, and then you're tasked to kill a wolf with a knife which doesn't work, so you are eaten to death by said wolf.After losing what gear you did manage to loot, you take a different approach. You go looting the local area, die of hypothermia. You try again, get savaged by the wildlife. You try again, get good loot to earn some cash, PvP griefers kill you outside the safe zone on your return. You try again and get a little further, and finally get enough cash to get a gun. So you go kill that damn wolf and everything feels good.. You carry on questing finding more loot, then you're aimbotted by AI you cannot even see. Rinse and repeat death after death until you rage quit.I've tried to like this game. But it offers very little to no option for a newcomer to survival games of this type to gain a foothold. On top of the clunky movement, no better than average combat, a semi-operational interface and a somewhat toxic PvP community, I could not get any fun whatsoever from this game.I can see why people enjoy it. If you somehow manage to gain a foothold and enough cash to get armed to the teeth, it probably is enjoyable. But to me the game gives you very little chance to even get to that stage unless you grit your teeth and grind through it despite your patience wearing incredibly thin. In my eyes your money is better spent elsewhere.Refunded."
,Not Recommended,519190,33796915,Posted: 25 July,all,cjm,"Though i like the game there are some things that irk me enough to give it a negative reviewfirst off, the ai can shoot through some cars, making me lose much time and effortcan't stop doing an actionother than that im fine with the game and once these things change i will change my review"
,Not Recommended,519190,33803081,Posted: 26 July,all,ANTS888,"1) Very Basic graphic details2) Once you die , you lose all items and its very hard to continue the quest as you are left with nothing3) Can't restart character or delete character"
76561198098605473,Not Recommended,519190,33793552,Posted: 25 July,all,TRegular,"Let's try this game, click find server, all of them are full, click to start game, ""connection lost"", click retry, ""returning main menu"", hmm okay, ""connection lost"". Let me try again ""connection lost"". Okay then let's try solo game, start a solo game ""connection lost"".  Wait on menu ""connection lost"".30minute of ""connection lost"""
76561197994055992,Not Recommended,519190,33854847,Posted: 28 July,all,Finch88,tried this game out got to my third mission where you have to kill wolves get to the spot where a 15 year old fully kitted camping the spot proceeds to kill me and take the only weapon i had now you dont have a weapon because you cant get your knife back cuz its a quest item ask the person why he killed me if there was any reason he then proceeds to troll me for another 20 minutes following me around killing me for no reason10/10 GG totally not recommended this isnt a PVP game this is a griefers gamethis may fit some peoples play style but definetly not mine
,Not Recommended,519190,33743172,Posted: 23 July,all,StephYT,"In it's current state this game is pretty awful. Half of the text is English and half is what appears to be Russian. The ""tutorial"" quests don't teach you anything: you are expected to kill wolves with nothing but a kitchen knife and no apparent way of making first aid to heal yourself, so you just bleed to death. It currently has a long way to go."
76561198012164669,Not Recommended,519190,33801287,Posted: 25 July,all,Snaptat,"Wait until it gets better. Dont give miney.. Also, when you start, there are just vet palyers waiting for you to walk out so they can kill you and take the few items you have.. DO NOT BUY IT..."
76561198093584531,Not Recommended,519190,33794215,Posted: 25 July,all,-d00d-,"This is a mixed review so far , about an hour and twenty minutes into the game.So first thing is first , The difficulty in this game is stupid hard.The first enemy you have to face is a wolf , seems simple right? Just stab the thing a few times and that's it.No no no , it takes like 5 stabs to kill it plus if you're using a rifle , about 4 rounds to the head.WTF??????NOT ONLY are the enemies stupid hard and unfair (if the wolf scratches you , you bleed out and die and you only get 1 medkit through the first couple of quests)Medkits and health are very scarce and you WILL die about 2 to 3 times your first few minutes in , the only way to stop bleeding out is to use a medkit and that requires using the ENTIRE MEDKIT. Not just a bandage , the whole deal.The difficulty will turn people off IMMEDIATELY.So far , it's alright.Quests are very basic , optimization is very good and the game looks decent.Will update with further progress."
,Not Recommended,519190,33806827,Posted: 26 July,all,Numroth,"The game simply dosent work. You launch the game, goes to a loading screen and gets stuck at ""Loading Characters"" well i did try to way good bit of 10 mins in that screen and it got nowhere.Tried different servers to log into and the same issue persistedSo in short. The game is broken and you cannot play it. Teek heed traveler"
76561198090639171,Not Recommended,519190,33804196,Posted: 26 July,all,Cookies Need Love,"-Outdated graphics-Poor combat-Fake screenes on store page, it's nothing compared to the in game-FPS drops cosntantly don't mater if you have ultra or very low it will fall down to 3fps-No ""Main"" server (don't mistaken with ""Main Server Rroom #"")-Servers have 20 players cap-No subtitles because NPC talk in Ukrain(?) language and u can't imerse yourself-NPC like wolfs attack you while being faced away from you-Knife combat (melee) bad, can't hit a target in front of me-Gathering time too long 20-30seconds where you can be easily killed-No FoW-Got achiv for starting the game....-No character customization-No 1st view-No HP bar (but it's ok if there isn't but at least make some blood stains so I know I got attacked)-You open skills by gatheing ""exp' points when you are attacked, meaning, unless you let someone or something do you tons of damage you can't open a skill point"
76561198061625086,Not Recommended,519190,33821722,Posted: 26 July,all,Chr0nos,"Ok, I dont often write negative reviews for early access games, but for this one Ill make an acceptation. The sheer amount of positive reviews on this game saying that its one of the best survival games out there baffle me.This is not by any means a terrible game, but IMO its no where near as good as half these reviews would have you believe.I bought this game purly because of the good reviews. And I refunded it 2 hours later.Its not a bad game...its just not ready to be sold unless you are seriously happy to put up with crashes, freezes, shocking horrible graphics and hardly any content.If they keep adding to it, it could be great.I commend the devs for making a survival game with quests. Something that freaking no one else has done.I will revisit this in a year or so and see if my opinion has changed, but for now, I cant reccomend it for anyone looking for a stable, fleshed out game."
,Not Recommended,519190,33889846,Posted: 29 July,all,Rad,"Awful, steer clear of this EarlyAccess™ trash.The good:- stalker slav feel- not all pvp, tries to do quests and pve- low priceThe bad:- dated graphics- punishing gameplay- awful quest design- mediocre UI- cringeworthy AI"
76561198126572216,Not Recommended,519190,33800927,Posted: 25 July,all,TuTTz csgobig.com,"this is like the only review ive ever done, you might want to wait to get this game becuase your always cold and clothing is super hard to find. so you always have hyperthermia and you will die from that. i finally found clothing and a ak and someone killet me in a safe zone while i was trading to the shop manager. if i was you id just wait a bit"
76561197968560421,Not Recommended,519190,33917211,Posted: 30 July,all,RandalMcdaniel,"Do you like games with no loot whatsoever?About 15 times i have tried to get into this game with the same outcome every time1. Enter game2. Run for 10 minutes3. Find creepy looking church. Doors are fake. Cant enter. (unacceptable for game with bf3 sized map)3. Find nothing4. Catch cold, disease, thirst, hunger. Would love to cure these things but there is no loot in the game so good luck"
,Not Recommended,519190,34088932,Posted: 7 August,all,Casanova,"I bought this game twice, I refunded it the first time but I wanted to like it so bad and I was so dissapointed that I bought it again in hopes that it would get better eventually.Things that need to be changed for this game to be good (Seriously if each and every one of these things isn't changed minimim this will always be a bad game with great potential)Character deletion - You have the same character across all servers of the same game mode and no way to delete and start over.full stop impossibility- If you're doing the quests sometimes a ♥♥♥♥ing bear will come out the first time you're in the swamp and kill you and there's no way to stop this, if you die your suit is gone forever and so is your weapon and there's no way to fix that. You straight up can no longer do quests ever again. Game says ""♥♥♥♥ you, go get a refund and buy something you can actually do.""♥♥♥♥ this game.I WANT to love this game so ♥♥♥♥ing much. but it is literally impossible to play if you die.I give it an honest 4.5/10 If those issues are fixed though that easily changes to 8/10I'm gonna go refund the game now but shoot me a message when that's fixed and I'll buy your game a third time.At this point in time I cannot condone buying this game."
,Not Recommended,519190,34011575,Posted: 4 August,all,aKindabigdeal,The game looks horrible..
,Not Recommended,519190,34012700,Posted: 4 August,all,Green Hell,"crappy, uninspiring, funny game I've ever played.for example: the quest system are boring and blatantly nonsense. In the beginning of the game, you have to kill a ♥♥♥♥ing wolf with a kitchen knife. really. extraordinary.here, another one. You can put a big ♥♥♥♥ing backpack into your big ♥♥♥♥ing backpack. wow. logic.it's still in the early access. so feel free to support the dev and enjoy the bugfest.servers are running good actually. Some player are good, mostly they enjoy killing each other, ♥♥♥♥ them. I don't know if there are any hacker atm.Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?“Final release is slated for September 2017.”just, wow.at last but not least. go. buy. something. else."
76561198148596830,Not Recommended,519190,34016718,Posted: 4 August,all,MakeMeSquirt,so♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,519190,34249687,Posted: 14 August,all,Halloween Dylars,"Died in tutorial to a bear. Lost a stuff and got suck forever, couldnt progress. Good Game!"
,Not Recommended,519190,34182660,Posted: 11 August,all,zeroaffect,"SO, I normally refrain from leaving reviews on EA games. Specifically because I want to give them room to grow to their full potential without contributing to all the people who leave negative review over petty stuff.However as of 8/11/2017, multiplayer is completely broken. I have lost every character I created each play session, so hours of play lost. If you die during the intro quests, you can not progress in the game all. For instance, there is a quest to kill a wolf. I bleed out, when I respawned it showed that I should talk to the quest giver, however he had only the option to accept the quest. But I could not, clicking accept did nothing. SO, trying to trouble shoot I abandoned the quest. I was unable to receive it again.This game in its current state is unplayable if you mess up at all during the tutorial. You will lose all your progress, all your characters.You will like the game because it is fun, and so you will start over again, only be totally hamstrung by another bug.This is EA so I get it. This game is good, but these bugs are worse than any EA title I have played....and I mostly play EA titles."
,Not Recommended,519190,33819450,Posted: 26 July,all,Kiro,"There are pros and cons to this game, it has alot of atmosphere to it, yes.  Not many players currently atm and here's why I refunded it and it's been stated down below too.  They have you ""knife"" a wolf to death that almost kills you, and you're forced to use the medicine you get before hand that doesn't heal you to full health.  Then they want you to go and head to raid a medical facility, where you will run into more wolves that will kill you and you'll lose /everything/.  Starting all those quests over again and having to go through all that hastle.  Sure you get a 1 shot rifle along the way, but that doesn't help when the wolves are Kojak on roids.  Say what you'd like, but I feel they need to tone down the difficulty just a smidge cause there's dead body locations /everywhere/ where there are wolves and the like.  This was my experience on a PVE server, I can only imagine the♥♥♥♥♥♥that happens on a PVP one."
76561198199545389,Not Recommended,519190,33900050,Posted: 30 July,all,Haruka,Keep Crashing on me
,Not Recommended,519190,34497353,Posted: 25 August,all,AbsoluteThrottle,"Really slow, sloppy game mechanics and bad player movement. I personally did not like it, not to mention the graphics aren't that great either. But still, it's in early access so it might improve in the future."
76561198070988966,Not Recommended,519190,33755193,Posted: 23 July,all,Maver!ck,"To tell the truth i was expecting ALOT more, i do understand that it is early access game, but it does not change the fact, that the gameplay is horrible and unrealistic, not enough speed.. only third person view...no possibility to change keys.. Graphics are okay overall in open world, but buildings seems to bee too small, there is almost no space in flats and the blur rugs on the wall... So far i give this game 4/10 there is alot of work to do."
76561198013733920,Not Recommended,519190,33779132,Posted: 24 July,all,Reaginomics,"Gave it a go for about 15 minutes... then asked for a refund. Game looks and feels like it is 10 years old, I had high hopes after watching the trailer, but was let down after playing it."
76561198004348353,Not Recommended,519190,33798721,Posted: 25 July,all,Domocus,"How does this exist? Another iteration of War Z, except you have to complete tutorial quests to choose a faction for every server you join."
76561197974062282,Not Recommended,519190,33845809,Posted: 27 July,all,B.lazE,"The griefers on your own team throw nades while you are at your base, and if you don't die immediately, they will finish you off and if you defend yourself, you become a traitor, and the base NPC's kill you letting the griefers take all your stuff and if you survive the nades at stash you have to run in circles and can't stash the stuff on you because the guy at the bank is cowering in fear over the chaos.  Completely kills the game, as I server hop all day and every server is the same.  Fix the exploit, or no one will play!"
,Not Recommended,519190,33732610,Posted: 22 July,all,OzzFreak,"i play alot of EA games and the idea of this game is a good one but the output is terriblethese indie devolpeers shoould not be aloud to misrepresent there product with screen shots that look better then what the game offers in real life. this game look bad, movent is terrible, interaction with things is terrible. just plain EA game with false packaging"
76561198149863303,Not Recommended,519190,33751779,Posted: 23 July,all,Deathwads,Accidentally joined the looters faction and couldn't quest anymore because of it. All the early on quests are by the begining area full of Civilians or neutrals that will kill you even if you have nothing. There is no way to restart a character either so you are pretty much screwed.
76561197992065299,Not Recommended,519190,33881239,Posted: 29 July,all,athompson17,"Was really excited about this game and then I played it... I was exploring a house and another player came and stood in the doorway which prevented me from leaving the room.  He then flipped me off and made some other rude gestures... I had no choice but to wait for them to leave... WTF?Then when I completed the first wolf quest I died from my wounds... respawned with no knife so I needed to buy one and then was instructed to kill the wolf again.  When I did then some person killed me and I had no more money to buy a knife.This was very frustrating, I don't have the time to replay the same quest over and over.  I realize the game is in early access or whatever but this seems like basic stuff.  The game is not enjoyable and the combat was similar to you dancing with the wolf.  I will be uninstalling and probably won't be buying another early access game based on my experience with this game."
76561197987113476,Not Recommended,519190,33741870,Posted: 23 July,all,RADIERAH,"played for 80 minutes singleplayer and everything was great. then i got stuck, couldn't move.relogged - spawned with no items, with 100% hunger and instantly died. so it seems to be impossible to even take a break from this game (?)respawned, only to realize that not only was all my♥♥♥♥♥♥gone, also the stuff i put in the locker in the safety area was gone too.also the graphics suck. the gameplay isn't even bad but losing all my stuff for bug reasons basically made me ragequit and refund."
76561198238202062,Not Recommended,519190,33949497,Posted: 1 August,all,Pongo,"Really a good idea, but extremly hard and complicated...if you got 1 shot you die immediatly and have to restart all to the beginning...after 3 or 4 time start to be really boring...what a pity"
76561198082655884,Not Recommended,519190,33917370,Posted: 30 July,all,Madman3115,REALLY REALLY BORING !!!!
76561198058024927,Not Recommended,519190,34053650,Posted: 5 August,all,Mr.Quacks,pretty♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,519190,33971006,Posted: 2 August,all,Edsysds,"No normally functioning human being to land foot on this earth should actually never buy this game.You start off the day with spawning on one ""Safe zone"" which actually just will get you killed several times, you'll get ♥♥♥♥ed over with some 10 year old idots which have not unfortunately discovered the ""Refund"" option on Steam.The safe zone works for campers favor, new spawns will spawn there, run out of it with bad guns/ or no weps at all will just get killed by the 10 year olds that actually has played the game for some reason. The looting system is trash, the UI is trash, the movement is glitchy and doesnt feel good at all, which you will notice 30 seconds in the game."
,Not Recommended,519190,34296194,Posted: 16 August,all,Boris Lovehammer,I've never felt the need to return a game before but this is trash. I would rather play Day-Z and have zombies walk though walls.
,Not Recommended,519190,33943527,Posted: 1 August,all,CrImSoN,"24/7 people camping spawn, trying to troll you, bad game in general . mechanics bad."
,Not Recommended,519190,34177299,Posted: 11 August,all,Astronaut Andy,"It is bad when it comes to some aspects of the game.after having a couple of hours on this game Iv'e never expirenced no crashes or some sort.Later on I died from absolutly nothing, when I say nothing I mean I died from nothing. It is stupid asf. I died and teleported about 20 times before I quit the game. Till this gets fixed I am not recommending this game to anyone."
76561198203645257,Not Recommended,519190,33976614,Posted: 2 August,all,Soviet union comeback plz..,"cant handle russians anymore, refund this game."
76561198372220857,Not Recommended,519190,34089023,Posted: 7 August,all,SwichtWarrior,"This game is fun and all but there are too many hazards that get you killed and loose all of your stuff, in one of the first missions or quests you have to do, you have to go to an area where it is toxic and retrieve something. On your way to get it there is this bear which kills me almost instantly and every time I try to do it. I spent 2 hours collecting equipement to go kill it and later on there is another quest to go and retrieve something else from the same place, and yet again the bear killed me, loosing all of my stuff. This experiece is very frustrating and I will change my opignion when this problem is fixed."
76561198051264032,Not Recommended,519190,34257800,Posted: 15 August,all,hugemountains,"Terrible game server, diffficult to spot game items, nothing to support the new gamers. It`s hard to keep myself alive, so how can I expierence the other game features? Enough reason to refund, or waiting for the next update."
,Not Recommended,519190,34265631,Posted: 15 August,all,EnnilGaming,"full of hackers map is extreamly tiny, (could run around the whole map in 30 minutes tiny) instance raid is lame. Graphics are crapy looks like rameos aftermath with smaller map"
76561198329085390,Not Recommended,519190,34095729,Posted: 7 August,all,Noahtheboss,"this is not a great game, as it is broken and lags alot even if you lower all of the quality settings"
,Not Recommended,519190,33816023,Posted: 26 July,all,Egg,What is this? It plays like a game from the late 2000s! The screenshots are lies and ive never asked for a refund quicker! Just buy miscreated!
,Not Recommended,519190,33862607,Posted: 28 July,all,FG-James,Trash game ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat bunch of kids camping the starting area kosing everyone its good trust me...
76561198420870731,Not Recommended,519190,35158806,Posted: 23 September,all,pedersen.bjorni,"A STUPID GAME, SAVE THE MONEY!!!"
76561198048300499,Not Recommended,519190,34814785,Posted: 8 September,all,The Entire Population of Canada,way too buggy
76561197970551004,Not Recommended,519190,34619251,Posted: 30 August,all,vine,"Hard to recommend it at this stage. It's very clunky, player movement is hit and miss. The graphics are pretty bad, poor textures, and the overall colours are muted and depressing (I get it, it's a post-apocalyptic game, but it can still look nice and vibrant). The sounds are low quality.There's a quest system to lead you around but it's cookie cutter ""Go get me X and I'll give you stuff"".Nice work for an independant studio, but I just didn't find it interesting or compelling gameplay."
76561198388650723,Not Recommended,519190,33942197,Posted: 31 July,all,Apex_CliX,"The game is alright.. id tell any begginer to start off on pve and get the ropes of the game, once your ready jump in the ""main"" or pvp. Just so you know be prepared to be killed by camping factions who sit out side the safe zone and keep you from even doing the quests. At a certain point especially if you lose all your stuff youll never get it back and not only that you better hope you can find some other gear. The quest camping is insane and it makes the game garbage in my opinion. its always a group of 4+ guys with tier 3 gear and good guns and you have no chance. for 10$ its whatever but the game is a joke. Even if you get in a group and get geared out eventually youll lose it and start as a naked again unless you have plenty of stuff in your storage saved up. i understand that thats part of the game, but this game is by far the worst ive seen.The troll level is super bad in this game."
,Not Recommended,519190,33929701,Posted: 31 July,all,"-[SaD]- WoLFII ^^,","IT looks good, and plays well. But its not for me. If you want a slow version of Rust and dayz then go ahead!"
76561198032418991,Not Recommended,519190,34556724,Posted: 28 August,all,Splattergore,"I started the game and while in the starter camp kept hearing gunshots nearby, I figured out what they were from the moment I left the safe zone and was killed by people ganking new players. There is nothing to stop this and it ruins the game, I'm asking for a refund."
76561198082484110,Not Recommended,519190,34563524,Posted: 28 August,all,WHERE IS HABIBI?,"Buggy quests, little dev interaction, no new content (1 map and buggy questline)"
,Not Recommended,519190,34564646,Posted: 28 August,all,xdominos,"In short this game is yet another Early Acess scandal in the making. There are very few noteworthy features as of now and the development is not progressing particularly fast. The only saving grace for this game is the faction/traitor system, as of now this is the only title where killing other players on sight is penalized in a manner that mitigates the kill on sight playstyle. Next Day Survival in its current state reminds me very much of DayZ mod in its infancy. Today people like to look back and say that DayZ mod was always great and that just is not true. The mod had a plethora of bugs and lacked content, its only major outstanding feature was player driven interaction; the same is true here expect in DayZ the AI was not nearly as horrendously bad. I actualy went and fought a heavily armed hostile NPC and had a second player go up and bash his brains in with nothing more than his fists because the AI failed to stop shooting at me to fire at the guy hitting him in the face. For a game that relies so heavily on the AI supported factions the AI is aweful and the general feel of the game is like STALKER, that is to say incredibly unrefined and lacking in any sort of polish.TLDR:I would really like to give this title a positive review, and I will be playing it going forward despite this negative review. However I cannot in good faith recomend this game in its current state as it lacks any depth beyond bieng a multiplayer STALKER with 0.5% of the features."
76561198289998981,Not Recommended,519190,34591850,Posted: 29 August,all,Replays.exe,not fun and a wast of money.
76561198556649403,Not Recommended,519190,34002558,Posted: 3 August,all,KingPsyck,"had it not been for the help of some cool dude, i wouldve never left the starting area. it is ridiculously hard. its far beyond DAYZ hard. and its not even that good. every character is russian and only says the same 2 things. it has alot of potential, but it hasnt even begun to reach them. buy this game if you love ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics, massive learing curves, and you're fluent in russian."
54436462546655443,Not Recommended,519190,34009049,Posted: 3 August,all,blasterabood,THE QUSTE ARE BROKEN AN NO FOV SLIDERS
76561198144701185,Not Recommended,519190,34003390,Posted: 3 August,all,Young Pupper,Personally this has to be the worst game I have ever played. Sure I only have an hour but that consited of boring quests where I run to a location location and back. After 30 minutes and I finally received the reward from the quest I died from the common cold... What the ♥♥♥♥. Maybe its fun if you can get past the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t quests but you have to redo them everytime you die. I suggest not buying this game but thats me.
,Recommended,519190,33750463,Posted: 23 July,all,Exo-Do,"Do not listen to the negative reviews , i bought this game with very low expectations and ended up loving it. This game has a great future aswell as being one of the best EA survival games out there , so far this is one the only survival games i've played where people actually help eachother out and where the devs listen to what you say.If you like STALKER this is a MUST BUY.Graphics 7/10Animations 9/10Gameplay 8/10Community and devs 10/10"
76561198005529051,Not Recommended,519190,33950935,Posted: 1 August,all,Noobs On Toast ™,"1st i wished there was a MAYBE option on steam as its in between for me,but more bad points than good at the minute.....Firstly,these new quests you have to do get annoying very quickly,1 had to get meat of a wolf or whatever it was (with only a knife) some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shot me and i got back to my body to find they took my knife,so i had no idea how to get another....2 had to go to some pharmacy to collect some gear,i got jumped by about 3 guys who yet again took everything off me,it got quite boring really quick because of these guys constantly killing you and not having a clue how to get the knife etc etc back to continue.I played bang on 2 hours of the game so i refunded,im sure the game would be fun with friends,especially if they can kill these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in the servers who ruin the fun (EVEN IN PVE SERVERS) I might give it another go down the road where,they can fix this,cause being blown away constantly by armed guys is NOT my idea of fun."
,Not Recommended,519190,34754743,Posted: 5 September,all,South3rnson,interesting idea but cant recomend in its current state
,Recommended,519190,33815218,Posted: 26 July,all,TheAsianSeals,"This game is gut, just need more improvements and updates (new area, weapons, and fps mode perhaps)...The most important why I bought this game: Becuz similiar with S.T.A.L.K.E.R and I love Russia...!!Keep up the good work!9/10"
,Not Recommended,519190,33959619,Posted: 1 August,all,Rem,I wasted my money just to play this game. I freaking hate it because i kept on getting kicked once i tried to log in. I want my money back or atleast let me access the game instead kicking me out. This is unfair for me.
,Not Recommended,519190,34025928,Posted: 4 August,all,imthebossnegguh,i find it sad bought the game cant reasign key waited like 2 weeks for the key reasign update and the 1 key that i wanna change i cant that is very sad
76561198330446941,Not Recommended,519190,33984006,Posted: 2 August,all,BigIrishBeard,"Poor engine, graphics are decent, sluggish kind of game, played for an hour and died 6 times, 4 times form bleeding out from ONE DOG BITE. another was a random player ""looter"" killed me. Game did not state that it was PVE. i was in Online MAIN game, anyway. i dont recommend it, rather go play DayZ atleast it has zombies."
,Not Recommended,519190,34490373,Posted: 25 August,all,Dede Gemash,"NOT RECOMMENDED, STILL EMPTY AND NEED A LOT OF FIXES EVERYWHERE"
76561198074736548,Not Recommended,519190,33765151,Posted: 24 July,all,GodOfSalt,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing trash, first off you spawn in your underwear and immediatly you are cold and start to freeze, then, if you don't freeze and you find clothes in time, it doesnt matter cause weapons needed to fight AI (who spawn with aks') are non-existent.Just don't buy this game."
76561198400163051,Not Recommended,519190,33764869,Posted: 24 July,all,EzzPezz,"not completely terrible. but, not really that great either."
76561197964068667,Not Recommended,519190,34178925,Posted: 11 August,all,Tengo77 swe,DONT!!
,Not Recommended,519190,34697811,Posted: 2 September,all,Ryan♚,terrible
,Not Recommended,519190,34322383,Posted: 17 August,all,the fall of idols,игра для конченных долбаЕБОВ
,Recommended,519190,34414705,Posted: 22 August,all,LuciferFallen,Has great potential
76561198107383034,Not Recommended,519190,34012284,Posted: 4 August,all,utilize420,"CRAP, CRAP, CRAP. Not worth your time or money"
,Not Recommended,519190,33938037,Posted: 31 July,all,Strongman_Vance,i feel sorry for anyone who plays this ist so♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,519190,33869080,Posted: 28 July,all,joromesavage,...
,Not Recommended,519190,34466990,Posted: 24 August,all,Vertex,Short & simple. Don't buy this garbage.
76561198118714223,Not Recommended,519190,34621035,Posted: 30 August,all,Nubbly The Moist,"While I am sure this game can get better over time, in its current state it feels too rough to enjoy.Controls are clunky, creatures are bullet sponges, and players are toxic."
76561198242578150,Not Recommended,519190,35006899,Posted: 16 September,all,hoskiins LFT,Updated and now it says my client is outdated even though it won't let me update it since it says it's up to date.
76561197986527183,Not Recommended,519190,33840540,Posted: 27 July,all,W1GSPL1T4,"Unfortunatly i cant recommend this game to anyone.i wanted to check it out because im into other similiar survival games and some of the streamers i follow are playing the game. it seemed ok from the little bit of time i got to play it but when i attempted to launch it again the second time around it gives me a launch error every time. ive tried reinstalling the game, verifiying the game files and searching online for a solution to the problem but have not been able to find one.after writing this review ill be requesting a refund due to thier faulty launcher. its a shame because i would have liked to play this game more."
,Not Recommended,519190,33824664,Posted: 26 July,all,Qwenton,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,519190,34750600,Posted: 4 September,all,DefiantBro,"So, this is what I gotta say about this game in the short bit that I've played it. FIX THE AI! plane and simple the AI are too damn strong, I won't recommend this game to anyone and it gets a fat stinking NO from me. I'll keep playing it though cause I have met some pretty funny and cool indeviduals on it, but besides the few good players on this in the PvE side, I cannot recomend a game where the AI and just too damn impossible to beat. Until the Devs nerf the heck out of the AI this game won't be what it could be, A GREAT GAME!Yeah the camra and mechanics feel a bit tanky, but this game with it's 2009-2011 graphics sort of in a way takes me back to ARMA 2 and the DayZ mod, just without the crazy OP Zeds running about getting in the way, nope we get OP AI enemy bots that one shot you even with decent armor on (Seriously DEVs fix that) insted..This game has some good qualities to it, Like it's not hard to survive if you stay away from the Enemy AI, and if you loot up, sell what you find and do the first 5-6 quests and get the AKM and buy a few health and food items from the trader which can be found in every camp. I want so badly to like this game but them darn AI Enemy bots are what's keeping from recommending this game to anyone (I really feel like I can't stress that enough)....  SO PLEASE DEVS, Nerf the crud out of the AI Please! Playing single is damn near impossible in this game!"
76561198041986329,Not Recommended,519190,33778576,Posted: 24 July,all,axmith,"Not my type of game. I joined a couple of multiplayer servers, and it was a whole bunch of people wandering around the safe zone (where you first spawn in) and the ""quests"" were extremely simplistic. I have played a lot of Miscreated which has done this type of survival game very well, but Next Day is just poorly executed in my opinion.Not only are the quests and the game in general pretty confusing, but I went out into the safe zone and was just immediately shot to death by some random camped ouside which was pretty off putting as I was just walking over to try to do another one of those ""quests"".I would not recommend this game in its current state, maybe until its a bit more polished and better executed."
,Not Recommended,519190,33773105,Posted: 24 July,all,Jorge Bush,"Way too many issues for so many people to be recommending it.If you're looking for a dayz type of game, this is not the game for you. In this game the only way to get gear is to do quests or abuse one of the MANY duplication glitches. The game is so poorly made that you can literally accept a quest item, abandon the quest and sell the item, then do that over and over for game currency. The translation is terrible and the chatbox just has permanent russian text on it. If you decide to play the ""PVE"" gamemode you'll be a little confused, as the description for the game mode says that you ARE allowed to attack other players, although you aren't.Assuming you make it out of the starting neutral zone, if a player of your own faction shoots at you, and you manage to kill them, the game will brand you as a looter and you'll be stuck across the map without any gear and no quests to accept. This results in you running all the way back and most likely just being killed either on your way back into the town or when you try to leave."
,Not Recommended,519190,33740882,Posted: 23 July,all,Fluffeh,"It's extremely weird to start off with, its hard to explain but this is definently not the game you'd want if you like DayZ or Unturned etc, its more of a really bad version of 7 Days to Die with guns.I refunded."
,Not Recommended,519190,33749508,Posted: 23 July,all,Chris,"I think this game is secretly made by Valve to get the russian trolls away from CSGO.My 20mins of gameplay included spawning at the same safezone, walking out the safezone. hearing russian players in a group on mic nearby, then getting shot.Repeated first gameplay x 10.refunded."
76561198001083654,Not Recommended,519190,33776343,Posted: 24 July,all,Razbros,"nah, toxic community"
76561198371829801,Not Recommended,519190,33716631,Posted: 22 July,all,ConFlix,"TBH, I don't think this is a good game at all right now. Has nothing to do with freezes, glitches, bugs..I barely ran into that. The probems are the AI, the animals, the looting. The AI's will spot you from accross town when you're TRYING TO LOOT, MAYBE TO GET A WEAPEN TO KILL THEM, but the looting is horrible in this game. Even in a solo gameplay the first town closest to spawn has ZERO guns/or ammo. The AI's will see you threw buildings and start firing. Since you can't kill them easily...the wolves and bears come because of the noise BUT GUESS WHAT YOU HAVE NO WEAPENS SO YOU DIE, OVER..AND OVER...AND OVER.. I'm getting my refund of this game, and won't be returning."
76561197994157798,Not Recommended,519190,33772016,Posted: 24 July,all,SlippyJunk,"Seriously?  How is this game getting good reviews?  Its looks like it was developed in 1995.  Its clunky, has a bad UI, you can't keymap, and everyone speaks in the same russian voice.  Anyone saying this game is polished is from the stone age.  If its true that this is really in alpha then it needs a lot of love to become something even remotely good.  This game in its current state is only worth getting for free.  Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,519190,33822928,Posted: 26 July,all,Panther,I feel like all the positive reviews are by proud Russians....This game has-Terrible AI- no physics- graphics are on par with a real life bag of dirt.- Communty that's toxic and basically camps the spawn areas to kill new players for fun.- Incomprehensible russian gibberish as voice over.I'm sure some people will like it as the only positive I can think of is it has a bit of a stalker like atmosphere but it's not my cup of tea.
76561198291357796,Not Recommended,519190,33770789,Posted: 24 July,all,+SuperJesus+,"Ok so this game is basically taking the skeletal structure of Dayz with no zombies and bad graphics and bad mechanics and mixing in some aweful features.The graphics are absolutely aweful and the movement is very clunky. The water looks fairly nice but this game I believe was started in 2015 but it looks worse than Half Life 2. I understand that it is in alpha/beta or what ever, I think its beta becuase there is a disclaimer in the beginning of game saying it is. Fact is Im not sure what engine they are using but its limitations are blatantly obvious. Everything is in low res textures and the lighting is bad and the mechanics and movement remind me of Tomb Raider from the 1st play station lol In fact the graphics remind me of a old playstation game.The gameplay is like room temperature plain pourage, its not bad its not good it just feels like nothing. After you spawn about 2mins in you are apparently freezing to death and then 2mins after that you have a cold that will kill you as well and medikits dont fix either and nothing is explained at all and ask away but no one uses mics or gives a crap to answer. I left the safe zone running I believe south becuase there were experieced players camping the other entrance of the safe zone shooting all the new people leaving. I found a beanie and military back pack and kept running past some water and found a warehouse where I snuck up on an experienced player stalking a new one looking for clothes or whatever, anyway he shot the new guy and I left. There was a farm with green gas and a barn with a 2nd floor so I went towards it then a dog comes out of nowhere chasing me and then it says Im losing health apparently becuase of being cold or sick. I run up the stairs find a med pack and some canned food and use the medpack but Im still sick then run down the road trying to find something all the while the dog is chasing me and eventually kills me.Now I respawned and was trying to chat with people but no one uses microphones and I accidently hit a key that brought up a mission que and found out I could get a knife for bringing a scientist sticks lol That is when I quit playing becuase Usually around a half hour of a game if you dont get some sort of enjoyment or peaked interest you can tell it'll end up in your library with like 4-6hrs of playtime never being played again.This game has a decent amount of good reviews and probably 90% have the tag line ""for $7 its GREAT!"" but I don't think so becuase I guarentee you all those people wont play it for more than 20 hours and it will just be another slot in their library. Nothing about this game is interesting or new or unique and its very, very dated.I think its regular price should be $5-7 for what your getting which is a relatively small map with a few aggressive experienced players killing everyone and a dumb mechanic that functions like having aids being the cold/sick thing. Just judging from me spending 37mins running non stop in the game it would only take maybe 3-5 hours to see everything there is to see in the map and I guess thats why the experienced players essentially just troll and kill everyone they see becuase once the map is explored this game has no point. There's no base building no engaging storyline and just meaningless dumb tasks and a map that is very empty when it comes to items since in 37 mins I only found a hat and backpack with a can of corn and a medkit lolThe hard truth is if you want a open world survival end of the world type game go play Dayz becuase it is a good game and is WAY better than this on every level. People harp on it becuase its a ""thad"" started by youtubers who played for hundreds of hours and wanted more but the trainwreck developement didnt deliver so hating it became a meme. Fact is most people hate the corrupt and negligent devs but the actual game itself isn't bad. Most people who play Dayz have at least a hundred hours then they post a angry review saying abuncha vague cliche♥♥♥♥♥♥about ""buggy! wah!"" or ""devs! wah!"" but honestly it has a bigger daily player count then games like Squad and most people just play until theyre bored then♥♥♥♥♥♥post a review becuase its the ""cool"" thing to do and its more a referendum on the devs than anything else. I guess I brought up Dayz becuase this game is similar and I was hoping it might be a alternative but its just a bad knockoff.I'd give the graphics a 4/10.Gameplay 5/10.Storyline/immersion 3/10.Overall this game isn't worth it unless you are just entertained by every single survival game you've ever seen or have a bad computer, total score 4/10."
,Not Recommended,519190,33752108,Posted: 23 July,all,dhart19,Waste of money. I dont understand how anyone gives this positive reviews.
76561198189092587,Not Recommended,519190,33721642,Posted: 22 July,all,Le-Feu,"Just bought the game, dl it and then pressed play, the game isn't playable because the servers are down and were supposed to be fixed ( see news thread)  :  ""Get instant access and start playing"" is kind of funny.Anyway just dont buy this product it is a waste of time.After 20min gameplay, I dont need more time to say controls are extremely bad, most texts are in russian and that the game is simply the worst copy of stalker possible..."
,Not Recommended,519190,33708596,Posted: 21 July,all,Grandad,"Decided to give this game a go as it was cheep and the reviews looked okay but it went downhill when I got in the game.First off the graphics settings haven't been translated to English as of yet this proved to be very frustrating as I spent the first five minutes working out which one said high. I eventually worked out which one was the high option but this proved to be a waist of time as the render distance is horrific, the water looks like a flat object painted navy blue.I gave it the benefit of the doubt thinking graphics aren't everything. So I thought okay maybe the gameplay is okay well turns out it isn't. The camera is horrendous, combat isn't fun, the enemies b-line for you and worst of all the quest system is terrible.The first quest isn't fun and is rather boring. The only fun I had in this game was to laugh at the translation of the first quests objectives and information the quest is giving you. I am not joking when the NPC named Stas says and I quote ""I have knife"".This is the first game I have purchased in a long time that is really really bad and is the first game I've ever asked for a refund for on steam and I've been on steam since 2012.Do yourself a favour and don't buy this game it's horrendous."
76561198188471679,Not Recommended,519190,33744259,Posted: 23 July,all,jew,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game and its not even translated correctly. really bad performanceDO NOT BUY
76561197982638108,Not Recommended,519190,33771696,Posted: 24 July,all,JR101-Apotti,"This review applies only to the single-player version of the game. I prefer not to play multi-player games.This game is curretly at ""Early Access"" stage, and I think that it requires much work before final release.Problems:- Even when the game is at single-player mode, it still still requires connection with a server.- Edit: I just got kicked out of single-player game because of server shutdown. This is totally unnecessary.- Much of the graphics and ""atmosphere"" of the game looks like a low-quality copy of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games.- There are several graphics problems, such as severe texture tiling on long-range landscape.- The game view is currently third-person only. I would have strongly preferred a first-person mode.- Quest reward items are created on the moment when you accept the reward. That is, they appear in the landscape as by magic.- User-interface has large HUD labels ""Safe Zone"", etc. This totally removes any feeling ""immersion"" from the game.- There are some English translation and concept errors. Example: ""Black powder"" is called ""Smoke Powder"" in game, and butchering animals (harvesting meat) is called ""flaying"" (harvesting skin) in game, etc.Edit: More translation errors : 12-gauge TOZ shotgun (which has ~18.5 mm bore) is translated as ""12 mm shotgun"".- Butchered carcass looks the same before and after butchering.- Tents appear to be made of sheet steel insead of canvas. You can walk on guy-lines and tent roofs.- Most doors appear to have their hinges welded on current position. It is impossible to opean a half-open door. Doors also appear to be unbreakable, and sledgehammer has no effect on them.The beginning of the single-player game consist of simple sidequests. So far I have not been able to find if there is a main plot in the game."
,Not Recommended,519190,35149983,Posted: 23 September,all,eB.,♥♥♥♥
76561198018015852,Not Recommended,519190,33752269,Posted: 23 July,all,Augustus,Seriously? makes the half life ports of 2007 look good. This is a joke.
,Not Recommended,519190,33776907,Posted: 24 July,all,Meat loaf,bad
,Not Recommended,519190,33771814,Posted: 24 July,all,Lucoolious,Wooden game. Recomending not to buy.
,Not Recommended,519190,34158491,Posted: 10 August,all,Gadget,"Meh....that's about it.  It's not good but it works.  It looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ the physics are horrible, the models are terrible, the world overall sucks to high heaven, but you never know, there may be a miracle some day that causes this turd to become a half way decent game."
,Not Recommended,519190,34159104,Posted: 10 August,all,Reanimate,"Third person camera is unplayable, and the game seems too early into Early Access for me to have fun. I'll possibly return after a couple months of updates and development progress."
,Not Recommended,519190,33935110,Posted: 31 July,all,Timothy!,"This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks.I can't even count the number of times where I've been killed by ♥♥♥♥ing animal NPCs, when trying to scavnge. I can't ♥♥♥♥ing DO♥♥♥♥♥♥because the weapons in this game fire paper bullets, and the melee system is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ beyond belief.All this game is, is walking around in some dead world doing ♥♥♥♥ing nothing but trying for your life to find a good gun, only to die of a cold because you're too far from the good loot spawning point, or just because you get killed by a bear which you couldn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥about because stabbing it with a knife doesn't do♥♥♥♥♥♥but make it angrier.♥♥♥♥ this game, it's poorly maded refuse. Please, for the LOVE OF GOD. Don't buy this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198210339259,Not Recommended,519190,34018997,Posted: 4 August,all,CiggyTardust,"Game looks like it's from 2007.  Seriously, we keep buying this junk and developers will think garbage engines are acceptable...Graphics aren't everything but when you actually look at the character models it's like something from 15 years ago.  Ruined it for me.I returned it, there are several better survival games out there."
,Not Recommended,519190,34100399,Posted: 8 August,all,emtvyoo,Too much technical issues and bugs.
76561198180838397,Not Recommended,519190,34254424,Posted: 15 August,all,★DяagonBoяn★,I should of bought batman
,Not Recommended,519190,34228439,Posted: 13 August,all,Spookthos,"This game could be better, but it could be SO much worse. The community is suprisingly nice though."
,Not Recommended,519190,34195396,Posted: 12 August,all,Kabuk,"Bought it with 3 friends, started to do the missions, went out into the woods to kill a wolf, some guy is camping the spawn safezone with an AK, kills all of us, I end up getting a rifle for killing the wolf, aiming is over the shoulder white reticule, camera is locked to the back of your neck taking up 1/8th the screen, everything feels funky and unfinished."
,Not Recommended,519190,35128056,Posted: 22 September,all,DEXyTheDEX -iwnl- #TeamBoiņa,Game itself is good and pretty interesting but if anyone else has like bigger level or better guns or even ghillie suit you just simply get spawncamped.
76561198124304546,Not Recommended,519190,34786041,Posted: 6 September,all,Ajdj100,"befor you say ""Oh give it a break, its still in development"" I do understand that this game is still early acces and is nowhere near completion, and I write this review with that in mindI played for a a while and found the game to be EXTREMLEY similar to survival post apocalypse now. It even has quite a few of the same textures and models as Survival Postapocalypse Now. The gameplay is rather boring: theres only one area where you can spawn, there is nothing to discourage Kill on sight except a reputation as the dominating faction, who happen to be bandits. There is little fast paced action, 90% of the time you just wander around preying that there will be a weapon in a military location. When you do happen to run into someone, the battle usually ends in about 10 seconds when one of you dies.it is a good concept and the game has potential, but its going to take a lot of work to get it back on track."
76561198110177996,Not Recommended,519190,35135824,Posted: 22 September,all,HOSSMAN,Avoid this at all cost. Terrible optimization. Terrible graphics. Terrible animations. Terrible sound. Terrible in-game economy. Terrible quests. Terrible level design. And the biggest issue : one of the worst if not THE worst community i've ever seen in a video game. At least on EU servers. Starting zones are just camped by squads of toxic russian kids that kill everyone and anyone leaving the camp.  This game is not worth a single penny.  -1/10.
,Not Recommended,519190,35136113,Posted: 22 September,all,Evilworm,"Didn't like this at all.-Graphics aren't very good (people looks like they did 15 years ago in other games), and it all looks kinda dull. Picking up stuff can be hard or next to impossible.-Quests/missions can be better (when an npc tells you to go north and you don't know where north is, but you still get a point/arrow telling you where it is).-Sound is waay off. I realise this is a EA version, but you can't help but notice some of the sounds don't fit at all.Was looking forward to Next Day: Survival, but I am going to ask for a refund."
,Not Recommended,519190,33833938,Posted: 27 July,all,Anthem Of The Faded,Singleplayer but with always online DRM..No First Person view...Way too harsh survival elements so you constantly need to eat food and get clothes pretty fast or youu just die in minutes..Filed with bugs..Messy UI...This game has potential but it's really messy to play at the moment.So probably gets good in a year or so after some updates..I hope..
76561198025253702,Not Recommended,519190,34387219,Posted: 20 August,all,edmundos,"After playing for about an hour I am already frustrated beyond belief.Yes, I understand it is early access but the Cons below are just too big and annoying.Cons:1.  If you die, all your stuff is lost - even on the mode where it says you don't lose your stuff if you die.2.  When you die, there is no marker on the minimap so no chance of recoring your stuff.3.  When you die, the quests bug out. You cannot re-acquire them or re-acquire the items needed to pick up the quest again. One random time, I could pick up the quest again, it still wouldn't let me grab the gas mask needed to do said quest 2 times out 3 times trying.4.  After dying on 3rd quest and managing to re-acquire the gas mask, it didn't work.5.  Poor explanation of quests. Guess work and dumb luck is needed.6.  When you find a larger backpack with more slots, you can't equip it because it is in your existing backpack and you can't put it on because the slot is already occupied with your existing backpack!  Really?!  FFS.Wait until the game is playable before trying to play."
,Not Recommended,519190,34999776,Posted: 16 September,all,Zodiac,"Ok, not gonna lie the game is somewhat good but ♥♥♥♥ sake add more stuff to this it is so boring, the map is♥♥♥♥♥♥ renew the map, make it bigger and more citys and places to go too. When it comes to the game mechanics, running, aiming and figthing with hands or a knife its just ♥♥♥♥ing bad and feels so slow and feels like you´re playing a 007 james bond 1997 game, not worth 10$. Now to the good part of this game, you can troll salty russian kids,"
,Not Recommended,519190,34404839,Posted: 21 August,all,GreenMagiZero,Game looks like it was made in 2005. Screenshots on store page are wildly innacurate. Game also handles terribly.
76561198001514426,Not Recommended,519190,33912191,Posted: 30 July,all,SeaSideSamurai,terrible.
,Not Recommended,519190,33912233,Posted: 30 July,all,Durrality,spawn die of cold or wolf. spawn die  of cold or wolf. spawn die of cold or wolf. spawn lose starting weapon to complete task beacuse i died of a cold while fighting a wolf. cant walk 10 feet away from a fire without dropping dead yet everybody around me has clothes and guns. best $10 ive ever spent.
,Not Recommended,519190,34588068,Posted: 29 August,all,KaoticS,The combat system is laughable. Talk about delays in button presses / actions.
,Recommended,519190,33800066,Posted: 25 July,all,Veonified,Best EA Game Out 10/10!!!
,Not Recommended,519190,33854178,Posted: 28 July,all,gatherer818,"Pick up a new backpack, compare to current - holds twice as much stuff.  Can't equip new backpack, still wearing old one.  Put down old backpack, new backpack is still in old backpack.  Pick up old backpack, open it, drop new backpack, get message ""item deleted"", new backpack is gone forever.Inventory management, overland travel, lack of healing (no rest mechanic I can find, all healing is done with items which appear to be very rare, I've been injured constantly since the quest to get your first gun makes you melee a wolf), basically no how-to-play at all (I found the crafting tab by accident, the quest to get a gun just gives you the parts, there's no guide to crafting either I just tried to remember what I got from the quest and stuck it all in the crafting window until it said ""gun"")...  oh, and the PVE game mode's description says it's actually PVP, ""MAIN"" is PVE."
76561197978435543,Not Recommended,519190,34480728,Posted: 25 August,all,Dr.Khaos,Gave me a slight headache. Had to refund it. Looks kinda nice but feels like this has been developed almost 8 years ago or so.
,Not Recommended,519190,33753764,Posted: 23 July,all,Skylord_Kosmo,"They made it so you do have an incureable cold that will kill you faster than Ebola.EDIT:  Here was my experience in my third attempt at liking the game.  I found some clothes and went looting.  I found a shotgun and was seen through walls by some bandits, who shot directly at me (but didn't hurt me since the were shooting directly at a wall), I used cover to get closer and killed all three bandits.  I took their gear and guns (basic armor like a helmet and a protective vest, guns being an RPK and thwo AKs), so I was pretty stocked up.  I completed the mission where you go in the swamp then I chose my faction as civilian.  I went to kill the three bandits for that mission.  They saw me through the trees and started shooting, I was unable to use cover since you can't crouch or lie down or use cover properly).In conclusion, I am giving this game a 2/10.  They could fix it and make it a decent game, but for now keep this stupid STALKER clone attempt away from me.EDIT 2:  The lack of iron sights, an indicator for selector switch, and a decent stealth system is also apparent."
,Recommended,519190,33773738,Posted: 24 July,all,Zadeon,"Better than DayZprobably, I've never played it but this game is fun"
,Not Recommended,519190,33892874,Posted: 29 July,all,Cumlord Von JismBlaster,Spawn. Do missions. Immediately get killed after leaving safe zone by nogs.No.
,Not Recommended,519190,34803078,Posted: 7 September,all,DigitalKoala,wouldnt even start. thats all i can say. refund requested
,Not Recommended,519190,33933621,Posted: 31 July,all,restinpeace,Cant recommend this game in this actually alpha state.you cant setup keyboard and i am left handed.sry but i have to give back until they fix this !!!
76561197965254610,Not Recommended,519190,33811986,Posted: 26 July,all,IR2Bad,"well it's certainly a good game to waste time. You spend three hours foraging for gear never seeing a player, then groups of looters that roam will kill you and take all your stuff. you may be able to kill one but not all. so it's not very fun"
,Not Recommended,519190,33979206,Posted: 2 August,all,K❤RILLA,Do NOT get this game it is so boring and makes no sense
,Recommended,519190,34412102,Posted: 22 August,all,Jerry,♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,519190,34685201,Posted: 2 September,all,FireFly,"The game has a very low playerbase and those who actually play it are mostly Russian...The PvP mode is boring and VERY unbalanced people either..1: Camp outside spawn2: Corner peak because 3rd person...3: Already has everything in the game4: Drive around in a APC that's unkillableNobody is friendly either and you can't talk in voice chat because noone will understand you because they're all russians..The PvE mode is also pretty boring after about 20 hours you have everything and because there is no variation in enemies and such a small amount of outposts the PvE is really boring..Also PvE is easy because the AI is really bad plus because of 3rd person you can just prefire the AI's and insta kill themI once took out a whole bunker with my pistol...i went down there with my pistol killed one guy and took his weapon and then killed them all...and the bunker was supposed to be ""End game""The missions in the game are also EXTREMLY boring, it's just fetch/kill quests and not anything interesting.I got stuck on the Medical mission where you have to get medical supplies and i died when i got there because PvP and the mission was failed instanltly....same thing happend again and again, both on PvP and PvE.And the mission rewards are not even good so they're not even worth it.They were supposed to add a new gamemode to the game that is pretty much battle royale and its still not out.And in the gamemode description it says ""Winners will keep their stuff"" or something like that so it's probably also gonna be unbalanced as hell like everything else.The squad system in this game is also♥♥♥♥♥♥ People invite you to their squad, you join and then they look were you're on the map and track you down.The replayability in this game is horrible and because the game never updates there's no new stuff.And i almost forgot to mention, this game has ONLY human enemies nothing like mutants/zombies so there's really no variety in enemies..there's some animals like Hares, Wolfs and Bears but that's pretty much it...also the APC that you can drive in this game has a huge cannon on the top but it dosen't even work...lel.-10/10"
,Not Recommended,519190,34707260,Posted: 3 September,all,|UK| Captain Ginyu,"So  I got this game cause it looks a lot like S.T.A.L.K.E.R and PUBG put together... 2 mins after downloading I start it up and get an error message saying ""error Getting Server List (connection to server lost)""I've looked at any fixes for it and followed them to the letter but nothing works... this is not a game to purchase at this time till it has a ferm grasp on server connections and also a ""MAIN MENU""... I have to Alt+f4 out of the game just to close it down... not worth £8.99... more like F2P or Ungreenlighting..."
76561198081672056,Not Recommended,519190,33889388,Posted: 29 July,all,ZZODI,"Well, i played this ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥for about 80 min.And it was true pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥The quest's were okay, but after the quest where you find a radiation suit i get ♥♥♥♥ing gang banged by a guy. No mercy.Well respawn, go out and another ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥ crushed me.-BUTThis game looks like a pile of vomit, the idea is great but ♥♥♥♥ damn... this wasn't a pleacing experience"
76561198276699679,Not Recommended,519190,34491869,Posted: 25 August,all,mark.keiser53,Might be a good game if is wasn't filled with hackers spawn killing you before you can start playing.  The anti-cheat software this game is using does not work.  Waste of $10.
76561198166105404,Not Recommended,519190,33994568,Posted: 3 August,all,Jimmy,"Locker doesn't lock my stuff, go straight to another people's pocket.Hit a dog with an axe 10 times and it still fight better than my dog.Stay outside for couple of minutes, get cold straight off.Reality my♥♥♥♥♥..nice work"
76561198046142798,Not Recommended,519190,34689448,Posted: 2 September,all,Angry Hawk,"Very bad game. Graphics is nothing like other modern games, and the same items spawns almost everywhere. I do not recoomend it in its current state. No thanks."
,Recommended,519190,34732128,Posted: 4 September,all,★,Good Game
76561198343847848,Not Recommended,519190,34712683,Posted: 3 September,all,alkuwari_219,NOT FUN
,Not Recommended,519190,34387868,Posted: 20 August,all,Rust,Naa not fun
,Not Recommended,519190,33870826,Posted: 28 July,all,MichaelSpeaks,Really nasty frame rate and buggy controls.
,Not Recommended,519190,33865358,Posted: 28 July,all,Forks,"Spawn in nakedLooking good so farStart FreezingStand next to fire for 30 min until nighttime endsTalk to some russian dude who wants me to go kill a wolf with a kitchen knifeKill the wolfCollect quest rewardsDie from wolf woundsQuest restarts, but I keep the rewardsEventually complete the quest without bleeding outCraft makeshift rifleLoot a house and get decent suppliesHeading back to base to store suppliesSeveral looters camping the base entranceRespawnMaybe I'll have better luck if I got the other directionPassing a town, oh cool are those guard towers?Maybe there is special loot in th-Surprise♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as Npc laser beams me with his ak from several hundred feet awayOk this time I'll skip the townLooting a construction site, Surprise♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ as another NPC laser beams me from a guard tower on the other side of the construction sightFinal Verdict: If you enjoy getting killed by NPCs in literally every area you're gonna have a blast"
,Not Recommended,519190,34178427,Posted: 11 August,all,james80712,this is a very bad game a sub-par dayz
76561198068441539,Not Recommended,519190,34066049,Posted: 6 August,all,Bojax,Game glitched my ammo and the quests are ♥♥♥♥ed0/19
76561198360447614,Not Recommended,519190,33758017,Posted: 23 July,all,rickityremy,THIS GAME ISNT FUN ESPECIALLY IF THEY FORCE YOU TO DO A TUTORIAL IN EVERY GODDAMN MULTIPLAYER SERVER!
76561198020827287,Not Recommended,519190,33807854,Posted: 26 July,all,Soulbrethren,put a gun in stock pill and go back to put something in and it's gone
76561198079394005,Not Recommended,519190,33732641,Posted: 22 July,all,Kinky Ass Smurf,"I love this game, i love the ideas behind it along with the gameplay and looting that takes place. I would be giving this game a positive review however that was until i came into contact with this bug. I know its an early access and they are to be expected, however this has stopped me progressing through the quests, i completed the mission where i had to gain my first reward from the looters base however it came under attack and the guy i had to talk to died and as a result i cannot continue the quests as it will not allow me to complete that quest or restart it,  i have tried resetting game as well as joining other servers and this has not fixed it when this is fixed i will change my review however until then it will remain negative."
,Not Recommended,519190,35382647,Posted: 1 October,all,random,Boring and♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,519190,34757286,Posted: 5 September,all,Tuckley,"Game has tons of potential, just need a delete character option, i joined new to this game, got to were i chose my faction, chose my faction and got killed by my own faction, so it repawned me at looters spawn with nothing, now i either get killed trying to get back to nuteral to finish my tutorial mission or i die of cold, for now i will not recomend but soon as a delete character option comes ill change my review"
76561198063516534,Not Recommended,519190,33841770,Posted: 27 July,all,Dragonstomzz,̶N̶̶e̶̶x̶̶t̶̶ ̶̶D̶̶a̶̶y̶̶ ̶̶:̶̶ ̶̶S̶̶u̶̶r̶̶i̶̶v̶̶a̶̶l̶Next Dayz
76561198084465209,Not Recommended,519190,33790562,Posted: 25 July,all,Lokey,"The game looks good but you can't change key bindings for some reason so i find it impossible to play moreover it runs badly, i have a nvidia gtx 1080 and it would not manage to reach 60fps even with settings only on high."
,Not Recommended,519190,34065303,Posted: 6 August,all,Kerrkolor,"Okay, so don't get me wrong, it looks and sounds very interesting when you are reading it and looking at misleading gameshots, but when you're on loading screens (not even in game, ever) it starts to click that this game is not even not even worth the nine dollars!Mind you, I came in with an open mindset, ready to take any bugs, or minor setbacks, but I didnt even make it past the millions of loading screens- and if I DID, there was STILL problems with servers and other minor qualities the game didnt even have yet that gives these type of games distinctive and interesting quirks that make it return to it. In any case, this game is still in its beta form, and if it is to ever live up to the amazing description it has BEFORE you buy it, it'll need loads of time before then."
,Not Recommended,519190,34136653,Posted: 9 August,all,Doctor Octagonapus,I bought this game because the reviews said it felt like STALKER.What they mean is someone took STALKERs horrible dated graphics and put a clunky generic survival game on top of it.
,Not Recommended,519190,34144782,Posted: 10 August,all,Street sweeper,"Not now , maybe next next next next days...This game could be better tho."
76561197970263562,Not Recommended,519190,34162544,Posted: 10 August,all,Spiglord,Sub-par clunky mess of a DayZ clone... Wait for 6 months at least (Aug'17)
76561198031282804,Not Recommended,519190,33924426,Posted: 31 July,all,omega_gryphon,"Is it good, yes. Is it fun, yes. Some what of a learning curve, yes. Can I recommend it in the current state, no. To many player exploit flaws in the game.ProsRuns good for a early access game ( I hold 55-60fps)Quest linesJoining up for raidsLots of things to do (keeps you busy)ConsTo many trollsCan be killed at storage/traderLearning curve can be steep (Especially if new to survival)Gets laggy in big fire fights (12+ players)For the Devs. For the love of god will you make storage/trader area a safe zone! Please! Box it up and make it a safe zone.You have made a game with lots of potential. But if people can get killed by someone of their own faction that takes your gear and logs off. Just to join a new room and jump the fence with it. Thats BS. NPCs can't get to the traitor in time."
,Not Recommended,519190,33704885,Posted: 21 July,all,Stamkos,"Gameplay just seemed like it belonged in 2005, nothing was really impressive about it"
76561198140977097,Not Recommended,519190,33777343,Posted: 24 July,all,Frantic Taiser,"First thing's first, I know this game is in its most early stage of development, so we should start off with the most basic of issues to address.Number 1: It NEEDS a tutorial level. Something to explain to the player how to play, what the world is like, what we will need to survive. Even if its an optional one, it could really use it. I died twice in the first 15 minutes because I wasn't told that I was bleeding to death, and it doesn't even tell you how to fix it. Additionally, I would like to see a way to temporarily stop bleeding using your immediate enviornment until you get yourself healed up by either a professional medic or a first aid kit.Number 2: A visible destination marker. I ventured out into the butt**** middle of nowhere and by the time I was supposed to head back to camp, I got lost because I couldn't see the destination marker. I'm not exaggerating, it was INVISIBLE. I got lost, ran into a wolf, fought it, and proceeded to bleed to death because I had no clue where I was, or have no way to stop the bleeding.So otherwise, I can't blame the game devs too much. It literally just came out so I'll cut them some slack. However; I would like to see this game become the new multiplayer sensation, or hell, even just a better version of State of Decay, just with no zombies.Still, this game sits on a mountain of potential. I will have to wait for a couple updates before I can actually start playing it on my own time. So until then, good luck SOFF Games. Please take my input into consideration. I hope to see this game being played by big name Youtubers and reviewers in the coming months/years."
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,519190,35208921,Posted: 25 September,all,BM10X,"Game's trash...PERIOD.NOT A TRIGGER REVIEW, ACTUAL FACT.*ring ring *Hello?Hey, Next Day Survival, it's your older, smarter, better cousin, Stalker SOC, I'm goin to give you some pointers on how to be a good game.No thanks, I'm good.I feel like some of these new games just try to be something they aren't.  If you aren't playing this game for multiplayer and have a dedicated team to play with, just don't bother.  It straight up sucks.  Top 5 worst of 2017."
76561198070636403,Not Recommended,519190,33775679,Posted: 24 July,all,PIZZA TIME,"As the game starts you are greeted with gritty hard metal music that is menacing to the soul. It quickly picks up into a symphony of many instruments and a light chorus of humming and drum beats. You are immediately greeted with a new style of game play, half rpg, half survival mmo. Truly innovative in its own right the game seemed promising at first. The graphics of the game are poor at best showing that the game is more focused on mechanics and game play then its appearance. You are thrown in the game with no instruction, only a green arrow points to an npc who is waiting to give you a quest. He tells you through text speech that he has hidden a knife on the outskirts of the settlement and that he will tell you where it is if you get him firewood.With no other options I proceeded in the mindless chore. NPC’s scattered throughout the settlement doing miscellaneous activates such as sitting by a fire or leaning on a building, this provided the environment with a very alive feeling that was a nice change from the typical emptiness I’ve grown accustom to. After retrieving firewood I was provided the location of the knife. After retrieving the knife from the hidden location I couldn’t help but feel defenseless as to what might lay outside of this settlement. My character suddenly started to cough uncontrollably for an unknown reason. I soon notice the frost icon at the bottom of my screen implying that he was cold, I quickly ran by a fire which seemed to fix the issue as quick as it came. However it left me wondering what else I would have to worry about. My characters cough quickly returned, concerned I spoke again with the man who gave me the knife, he told me he was a doctor and showed me where I could get medical supplies.I retrieved the medical supplies and was informed of wolves in the area, I was sent in that direction to assist others and taking care of the wolves that threatened our safety, killing the wolf I found myself able to harvest it for meat, this game seemed to go in depth quite far. Running back to the village I was bleeding from my engagement with the wolf I ignored it hoping that it would fix itself, this however was a grave mistake. I made myself a rifle and was about to talk to another NPC when I died from blood loss, a disheartening loss, I re-spawned and continued on my adventure. Finding my dead body I retrieved my items and continued on, I was given a quest to raid a pharmacy for meds, I soon found out that the pharmacy however was a ways away and I had to go by myself, reluctantly I started my journey, rifle in hand. Halfway through this journey I stumbled upon a wolf that must have belonged to a gym because this ♥♥♥♥er was tough. I shot the ♥♥♥♥ in the face with my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ one shot homemade rifle and he kept going, after reloading the ♥♥♥♥ing this I took another shot, again directly in between the ♥♥♥♥ing eyes, LIKE WHAT! And he continued to maul my ankles well I helplessly tried reloading a third shot. Unfortunately before the shot was loaded my character dropped to the muddy wet ground and died like the ♥♥♥♥♥ that he was. From there I calmly exited the game, wrote this review and got my refund. Overall rating,4/10.Runs well, in depth mechanics, boring as♥♥♥♥♥♥ unstoppable wrecking balls we are suppose to call wolves."
,Not Recommended,519190,33844035,Posted: 27 July,all,Tumor Taco,The game just got out and there are hackers already it is fun but now it ruined my experience of the game and i dont want to play it anymore because of aimboters and speed hackers t
76561198311928273,Not Recommended,519190,33820116,Posted: 26 July,all,techdude101,"So. I had seen this game pop up under my searches for good survival games recently.  I was ecstatic about the price and also the overwhelming good reviews.  Then I read the reviews.  Mostly broken english and the bad ones were clearly North American or English European of sorts, stating that the game was bad, in russian, poor structure, etc. I then forgot. Then I found the game, didn't read the reviews and bought it. Lol.  It's quite bad.  Maybe after months of early access and tweaks it will be playable and comparable to others.  Don't waste your 7 dollars right now."
76561197999311541,Not Recommended,519190,33724793,Posted: 22 July,all,Darren the Iguana,"I started the game had alot of fun, I exited the game and now i cant even join the Europe server. Ive even tried 2 reinstall it. Still doesnt work. Cant recommend till its fixed..."
,Not Recommended,519190,33809773,Posted: 26 July,all,pandidandi,"I wanted to love this but.....This game is NOWHERE near ready to be released.  Even as an early access game, it is barely playable.1.Hardly any translation has been put into the game.2.Most items that are a necessity (like a water purifier) don't work.3.You can't delete characters???4.Very limited gameplay, bad AI, hardly any graphic models.  only seen 3 different enemy types.  Bears, wovles and soldiers that all look alike.5.Server crashes and graphical bugs galore.6.Terrible inventory system.  You can't just drag a new hat ontop of an old one to replace it.  You have to put it in a bookbag first.  If the bookbag is filled you need to drop on ground, put hat in bookbag on, and pick up hat from ground.This game should have been polished more before an early release.  It's not really a game yet.  Just a working concept that the devs are trying to get funding for.  I feel like I should be getting paid to test their game instead of dropping money on it.  Be prepared to wait 2 years before this remotely resembles Rust or Ark, and that's only if the devs don't give up on it by then.  I'll revise a review when these things are fixed."
,Not Recommended,519190,33725718,Posted: 22 July,all,KenFarmer,"There are a doaen other games out there that do this same concept better. Mabe in the future it will improve, but atm this just isnt even worth the seven bucks I paid for it."
,Not Recommended,519190,34575635,Posted: 29 August,all,↯baQcıLaR__gRimmN* [18],ÇOOOOOOK fazla bug var almamanızı tavsiye ederim ama sonradan gelişir.
,Not Recommended,519190,34573559,Posted: 29 August,all,Mytea,DONT BUY  THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!it gets repetive just go play Pubg or mod up some fallout or skyrimyou do quest you get monney you use money to get loot you use that looot to kill ppl and get more loot o mmoore qquest to  get mmore gear raid eneemy base get mmore gear thats ityou just do some stalker like qquest for moneny and guns and thhats iit non base building map not big enoughWorst part maxx server size 20ppljust save your money  or go buy some food
,Not Recommended,519190,33943266,Posted: 31 July,all,Clamario Balagum,"Only game I've ever refunded. Nearly unplayable, sloppy UI, awful questing and pvp."
,Not Recommended,519190,33944817,Posted: 1 August,all,earth,Piece of ****
,Not Recommended,519190,33821182,Posted: 26 July,all,Monty,"I feel like it does not have enough content rn. The game is ok though.EDIT: people were disliking my review, I'm saying it's in eartly access so it might not be wise to buy it now"
,Not Recommended,519190,33765252,Posted: 24 July,all,Enaver,"Game is alright, does the concept better than a lot of others. However even at the price point I can't forgive the clunkiness of the movement and combat."
,Not Recommended,519190,34247334,Posted: 14 August,all,The Cat Who Lied,"spawned indid a few missions for russiasn in the safe zoneone of the missions told me to leave the safe zone and loot a near by buildinggets in the town and instantly see 2 people dressed in full black and armed for a warrun into the building to quickly loot and get outthey charge at me and kill me with a sithgg, refund lol"
,Not Recommended,519190,33825856,Posted: 27 July,all,taydord,$7.50 for me to stare at an infinite loading screen.
76561198036460624,Not Recommended,519190,33912363,Posted: 30 July,all,sgriffith610,"This game sucks, just spend your time running around a bland and empty world lookng for very hard to notice random items hopping you find a gun and medkit before something hostal that will kill you if it hits you. If you are looking for a good survival game wih guns go play PUBG. If you want a better survival game play Ark. Waste of $10."
76561198073329710,Not Recommended,519190,34513050,Posted: 26 August,all,dirtypoostanz,"i wouldnt download this even if it was free , terrible game, running is slow, asctions are slow ,  u get spawn camped in pvp once leaving the safe zone ....dont buy it"
,Not Recommended,519190,34276357,Posted: 16 August,all,-UnLifed- SanTTuZii,i have played this game 1h and you know what i spend that ♥♥♥♥ing hour... loading screens
,Not Recommended,519190,33999131,Posted: 3 August,all,InFamousFive,Now before my review gets stacked all the way to the bottom.Let me tell you something so you dont make the mistake i made.I looked at the system requierments carefully.I opened a grahpics and system option that allows me to see what my computer holds.I matched it together and it turned out it might work but it didnt.I downloaded  the game it toke an hour and 30 mins.Not bad.AND steam policy says any game under 2 hours cannot be refunded.SO i selected a game to play in.Just like any other person.and i sat their not relizeing steams policy OF 2 hours.The game NO JOKE toke 3 hours to load into a game not relizeing that i had emojis in my name keeping the game from loading for some reason.So i emailed the creator and he helped he said ''disable anit virus or change ur name with any other charaters in it that arent letters'' which he didnt say in the GAME description.CAUSE I LOOKED AT IT CURIOUS TO SEE WHAT THE GAME WAS ABOUT.And as soon as he emailed me i changed my name to just infamousfive.And it worked i was in the menu.But the game toke another 10 mins to load.By that point it was too late.I couldnt refund the game.I emailed the creators ASKING For HELP.They havent responded but i knew they saw it their just money hungry.Dont make the same mistake as me i followed the rules and still it didnt work.
,Not Recommended,519190,33752053,Posted: 23 July,all,e z r a ✞,Gta 5 mods are over rated and this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Bad AI = Russian Menu
76561198000099467,Not Recommended,519190,34315362,Posted: 17 August,all,76561198000099467,"Seems to be another ""dayz without the zombies"" game. If you're into that this game would be a good choice for the price, but unfortunatley It's a tired old formula, not necceasrily bad, just outdated in my opinion."
76561197980285485,Not Recommended,519190,33909221,Posted: 30 July,all,Daytona,"Buggy as hell, looks old, constant spawn killing, 1 item to craft, no weapon statistics, if you die you are screwed, no AI pathfinding, 3rd person only, soundtract gets boring after a few hours, 80% of game population are Russians, no fast travel (its a walking simulator).Do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,519190,33815701,Posted: 26 July,all,Aphonia_Mute | Silence...,Ha... Currently this game is bad... Like real bad.. But in time with some effort it could be pretty damn good... The things that bothered me are... You start in a safe zone and do a few quests.. one quest is to kill a crazy wolf with .... a knife.. the wolf kills you.. then the game says ♥♥♥♥ it lets spawn the retard the other side of the damn map... why not just respawn us at the starter area ffs.. and kill a glitchy wolf with a knife when the swing mechanic is crappy... You're aiming right at things with a weapon and half the time it goes through them an do nothing...Do I recommend?Currently NO! but if the dev / devs put the effort in to fix the game up then maybe yes... Also this game has attracted a whole bunch of kids that yells over mic freely and as normal with most games...♥♥♥♥♥♥talkers... its a cesspit for the most disgusting people alive in the world today!
76561198198779495,Not Recommended,519190,33759100,Posted: 23 July,all,lastrobin,I found it boring...
76561198056835467,Not Recommended,519190,35057358,Posted: 18 September,all,Pistasheo,"Can become a good game, but already sick of dying from a bear at the begining constantly and losing everything...basically if you mess up right in the beginning you are completely screwed with no way to reset."
76561198241509682,Not Recommended,519190,34509973,Posted: 26 August,all,floastknowsmost,This game is just terrible. If you dont mind graphics or having to run across the entire world then this is the game for you. This is the only game in all my years with steam that I actually returned. DONT BUY.
76561198218528400,Not Recommended,519190,34512938,Posted: 26 August,all,buckmarley,"when you do the swamp quest, i got killed by a bear and  when i came back i could not get a toxic suit back so im stuck with out one, and weapons so i refunded the game."
76561197975172912,Not Recommended,519190,34516354,Posted: 26 August,all,Scav2,"This game is a Stalker Wannabe and fails miserably... I love All the Stalker games but this one I got totally bored with after a few minutes. I know that it is early access but sometimes you just know a rotting pig when you see one.. This is one of them. If you want a decent game go for the the STALKER games, far far better than is mess."
76561198414585640,Not Recommended,519190,34714089,Posted: 3 September,all,Fa1crane,"will never play this game again...you cant find clothes,weapons,medical supplies, water, food. And because you cant find any of that you die within 5 minutes of playing. And I have never seen daylight on this game, only night time. Theres no instruction on how to play the game or anything."
,Not Recommended,519190,33686298,Posted: 20 July,all,Viktor Von Badbread,"Not sure if it's just me, but I've died 3 times to players of the same faction. You can attack whoever you want, but I don't really see the point in factions. I couldn't get any quests done since they were all in the vicinity of the faction settlements (where I'd get killed by them). I guess some people like this kind of free for all, but it's just not for me."
,Not Recommended,519190,33757699,Posted: 23 July,all,ARROGANT KING,Too many virgins blocking doorways ruin the game. Unplayable.
,Not Recommended,519190,33824405,Posted: 26 July,all,Keepsie,This game looks eh but i gave it a try. Its not that good imo you may enjoy idk but its just not for me
76561198039040694,Not Recommended,519190,33885572,Posted: 29 July,all,kreia,havnt had much playtime in all honesty but I wouldn't recommend this yet firstly the tutorial falls flat on its face the tutorialkillimg a wolf with a melee weapon is completley pathetic i bled to death four times bearing in mind u cannot craft medicine despite having a manual u can read to 'craft' it only plus thing i can think of at this time is its cheap compared to a lot of other games of this genre
76561198411181415,Not Recommended,519190,35063534,Posted: 19 September,all,Jackson3405,"This game is horrible, I have tried playing 3 times. Unable to get more than 3 fps anytime I've played. And it is not my system run PUBG with no problem. One more try and I'm asking for a refund."
,Not Recommended,519190,33773633,Posted: 24 July,all,Sleepy Gary,Multiple starting crashes and hangs. Totally unworkable on some systems.
,Not Recommended,519190,35076901,Posted: 19 September,all,NinjaDeath9189,i was refused this game. this was problems. i meet capital man asked me for quest kill wolf and get meat. i was dead by lost bleed after i did kill wolf. then i go back get stuff back. then i meet capital man again. but he keeping say wolf at forest. this still problems. i talking about this game have problems. i hope this game get fixing and get better increase.
,Not Recommended,519190,34190837,Posted: 12 August,all,SnøwM@n ©,This game looks like it came out same time as half life
,Not Recommended,519190,34089106,Posted: 7 August,all,Yummy,">Want to play game with a friend>Install and start>Trying to figure out how to make a private server>Cant>Join an open game together>""Safe zone"">Nice we can chill for a bit>Walk into room to check for stuff>2 fully geared Russians walk up to us>They block the door>We cant get out>Me and my friend getting some middlefingers>I politely ask them to move>Ohhh u gurl u vant suckkk bik dikkk hmmm vould let yuuu out gurl if uu friend was not der alsoooo>Stuck there for a solid 10 minutes trying to negotiate>Not working>Left server>Left game>Never touched it again"
76561198277632896,Not Recommended,519190,33810919,Posted: 26 July,all,TheeRandomHero,"Let me start by saying I love to play survival games and strategy games i.e. H1Z1/DayZ/7 Days to Die/Empyrion/Civ 6/blah blah.  That being said, this game is VERY alpha and altogether not enjoyable to me.  I'll update this review in the future once development has progressed.My Issues:1.  You get sick/gonorrhea/AIDS/diarrhea within 10 minutes.2.  If you play with a few players, there is almost no loot anywhere near the starting area which makes it hard to not die within the first 20 minutes.3.  Graphics are rough (Alpha I know).  Not sure why the requirements are so high from this game, you should be good with any graphics card from many yesteryears ago.4.  White dude can't jump.  Like H1Z1, battlegrounds etc. it is impossible to jump higher than 2 inches.5.  You cannot freely move items around in your inventory for organization.6.  If you want to switch to a better backup, you must first drop your backpack with all your stuff in it to equip the other.  You then need to open up the backpack you dropped and move everything over.  This could be a problem in PVP.7.  Gunplay needs alot of work.  If I get into a battle with, for instance a wolf, I do not feel confident entering this battle even with a shotgun equipped.  Damage doesn't seem significant and firing is awkward.8.  Missions are boring and often far too difficult for your level.  Within 40 minutes I was battling a bear.  I had a shotgun with 2 rounds I found and a hunting knife.  I did not survive.  If a shotgun takes 2 shots to take out a wolf, how many does it take to kill a bear?  I'll never know.Again, this is Alpha,  I know this.  I have never reviewed a game in the past, but given the large amount of very positive reviews I felt I needed to share my opinion as the game right now is very rough.The price point  is under $10, which is warranted.  Loooooong time to go here folks."
,Not Recommended,519190,33748980,Posted: 23 July,all,Bishop,I honestly don't understand the positive reviews for this early access game. I found both the graphics and gameplay to be underwhelming at best. There is a lot I can forgive for a game in EA but even at $7.50 I can't recommend supporting this in it's current state.
76561198023641626,Not Recommended,519190,33769963,Posted: 24 July,all,[battlelokit] NuclearAdmiral,"I´m not sure if theese positive reviews are paid or fake but this game feels like its something from 2001 and still in beta..I mean im trying to find words that wont simply bash this game but was so dissappointing i dont know what to say..Prepare to not get anything in english, this game is 90% in russian from settings to ingame etc..It looks outdated, like its from 2001 or soyou cant host serversyou i mean...Just dont buy this"
,Not Recommended,519190,33890510,Posted: 29 July,all,Exes | LFT | pl4ym4k3r,"It's a good concept but I was disappointed. I died probably 5 times within the first 30 minutes and had to re-start each quest over. Mind you, that wouldn't be a problem normally, if I didn't have to walk back to the quest from where I spawned. I get that it's survival, but I don't want to listen to random Russian telling me to go collect some twigs and branches and then kill some wolf. Also, who the hell names a town Severoufimsk? It's almost like they slammed the keyboard multiple times and decided it was perfect."
76561198058175959,Not Recommended,519190,33864575,Posted: 28 July,all,THE OFFICIAL KNEEGROW,Can i get my money back
76561198223928512,Not Recommended,519190,33860112,Posted: 28 July,all,.crissw0w,It's just♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,519190,33751872,Posted: 23 July,all,tjr | Hail Caesar,8 minutes of mic spammingRefunded
,Not Recommended,519190,33708784,Posted: 21 July,all,AvianNeos,"I know it is an early access game, but I have found more interesting games that are in early access and can keep my interest for more than 30 minutes."
,Not Recommended,519190,33796359,Posted: 25 July,all,Good Whisky,"Even at early access this game doesn't have the potential to make it long term. It's boring, unorignial and made in 2001 apparenltly."
,Not Recommended,519190,33867346,Posted: 28 July,all,twitch.tv/md1995,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T
,Not Recommended,519190,33883283,Posted: 29 July,all,Armyman329,"5 minutes into the game you get a cold and start dying. You get a mission soon that requires you to find medicine that can cure your cold. When you get to the clinic you will probably find another player there who has a gun and you do not. You will die. If you manage to find the medicine and take it to cure your sickness you will soon find out that you werent supposed to take it yourself, but give it to an npc..."
76561198411527813,Not Recommended,519190,34126578,Posted: 9 August,all,Angel Of Death,die lose gear respawn simulator
76561198046478174,Not Recommended,519190,33775947,Posted: 24 July,all,nicolassanchezqueirot,"its a boring pvp game, all the looters wont let you play the missions because they are outthere waiting to kill the lower level players."
76561197967062578,Not Recommended,519190,33946529,Posted: 1 August,all,Bryndal36,"Didn't think much of the game, graphics are dated and glitch out, voices are in Russian and you have no hope as a new player against npc's as they kill you almost instantly."
76561198079641302,Not Recommended,519190,34013163,Posted: 4 August,all,littlezombie,This game is AIDS DONT BUY
76561198278694157,Not Recommended,519190,33822835,Posted: 26 July,all,WaterMelonMan,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,519190,34940284,Posted: 13 September,all,Part Time Hobo,"Bought in july.Not much to do. Very few crafting recipes.Has yet to be a single new feature, improved performance, or even so much as a patch to fix so much as a spelling error.Avoid game at all costs. If they can't even release 1 patch every other month, this is just going to end up being another failed early access title."
76561198078866583,Not Recommended,519190,34963760,Posted: 14 September,all,Woke Tachanka,first 10 minutes and get spawn camped by a guy in a apc10/10
76561198165871589,Not Recommended,519190,33839470,Posted: 27 July,all,Mig.,"Not reccomended. So early on in the game and we have stupid mechanics like stamina, constant bleeding every time a wolf touches you (shot it twice in the head) didnt die among other things. Movement sucks. Refunded"
,Not Recommended,519190,34532780,Posted: 27 August,all,d[]CTAWAALd'//,just dont...
76561198067035295,Not Recommended,519190,33775445,Posted: 24 July,all,Hot Cake,I CANT PICK STUFF UP! The looting mechanic is broken af.
,Not Recommended,519190,33807429,Posted: 26 July,all,Morkvarg,Spent 48 minutes sitting near a campfire and dying from a cold. <3
76561198044607726,Not Recommended,519190,33867048,Posted: 28 July,all,Dekot3LT Farmskins.com,Really Boring Game :/
76561198081048201,Not Recommended,519190,33758089,Posted: 23 July,all,SamLovesHam,"Start a single-player run. Get insane gear first 30 min of gameplay. Die from AI 5 feet away from you that somehow made zero sound. You are now screwed because the AI are puppy guarding your dead body, bye bye op gear. Attempt to continue quest to get better gear. Goes into gas area to retrieve anti-virus, bear attacks me, an unarmed fresh spawn, so I die. I start to realize i just wasted an hour for nothing. Stops playing the game.69/420. Dont die near AIIn all serious wait just a little bit before you get this to see if gets better."
,Not Recommended,519190,34765801,Posted: 5 September,all,Count Jackula,"cheeCA breeCA, just without the chee or the bree.It tries hard to be STALKER, but at the end of the day it is just a subpar open map multiplayer game with only a slight stalker aftertaste and aimed at 11yo kids, just before puberty hits and they find POSTAL.So I can't muck around with a new character, delete that one, and start a new game then? What the.....?"
,Not Recommended,519190,34427790,Posted: 22 August,all,Botato,"untill they update this easy♥♥♥♥♥shity ♥♥♥♥ing game it will be good,names are ♥♥♥♥ed up, alot of useful stuff is missing its clear that the devs didnt put time into the game i know its early access but it can be alot better now please devs update this♥♥♥♥♥♥game thank you"
76561198141303468,Not Recommended,519190,33937616,Posted: 31 July,all,Batman,"This game is honestly so unoptimized for how bad it looks, really glitchy and is some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ survival game."
76561198333470753,Not Recommended,519190,33729325,Posted: 22 July,all,Frappy,"ok so it's very rare i write a review but i had to on this, DON NOT BUY THIS GAME, it is pure hell, safezones are safe, but step one foot outside it and your dead, people calling you a ♥♥♥♥♥ because a max gear person will kill a zero geared person :/ game is just cancer, i urge you NOT TO BUY THIS GAME!!"
,Not Recommended,519190,33728379,Posted: 22 July,all,littlebro,who ever designed this game has no idea what they are doing it takes two shots to kill a player with a rifle it takes 15 shotgun rounds to kill an ai bandit pount blank WHAT?!
,Not Recommended,519190,33725346,Posted: 22 July,all,Poofie Love bird,"CRAPPY DEVELOPER ALERT!!!! FULL TIME CONNECTION NEEDED FOR EVEN SINGLE PLAYER GAMES.EXTREMELY HIGH BANDWIDTH USEAGE. DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE DSL or Littited bandwidth!!!You can not play single player without being connected to the main game server.This means if you have DSL, and you are downloading a game, it will drop you when it gets too much latency. (and you loose your savegame data)It also means you will be wasting bandwitdth when you think you are playing in single player games.This basically means that the game will sap your ISP for uneeded bandwidth. This could cost you a lot of money if you have data caps.Not sure if this is just a stupid design flaw, or a stupid way to do DRM?Either way, single player games will suck up your bandwidth. The game is unplayable if you are downloading anything in the background.Really sad to see all of this great artwork go to waste just because of a stupid design. I really had high hopes for this game."
76561197971936473,Not Recommended,519190,34090412,Posted: 7 August,all,Vindaloo Fat Les,"this game is full of flaws there is no way of restarting from checkpoint or chapter therfore if you are killed you have to take on a wolf with no weaponry or clothing no chance of going back, maybe I'll try again in a few yearsI will unistall for now I have wasted 1 hour of my life on this rubbish"
,Not Recommended,519190,33774679,Posted: 24 July,all,Lil Xan  V3.14,what the heck??? did i just buy lol literally join a lobby do the first mission get yelled at by some russian i bet u can guess what he said♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ get out of the safe zone get stabbed by another russian he teabags me and jacks off in my face 10 out of 10 would refund again
76561198000040195,Not Recommended,519190,33740080,Posted: 23 July,all,Shevnplip,Got to the first quest that takes you out of the safe zone and a full geared player comes and stabs me. I bleed out slowy and lose everything because the game gives no clear indication that you're F###ing bleeding to death.. I couldn't repeat the quests to get my items back so I was left with nothing. I wanted to just remake my character to start over but it doesn't even allow you to do that. Also got to see the same griefer shoot another new player who was trying to do the same quest. It's griefer's paradise
76561198044510436,Not Recommended,519190,33800061,Posted: 25 July,all,Chef Boyardee,A pretty buggy mess to be honest
,Not Recommended,519190,33946668,Posted: 1 August,all,Banana,"It is really bad, you might as well buy a better game with that $10."
76561198027370016,Not Recommended,519190,34408554,Posted: 21 August,all,Seriouslymadbrö,"uninstalling and refunding, so bad holy, s****"
,Not Recommended,519190,34416450,Posted: 22 August,all,dnL.unso,"Well.. i saw the ratings and thought: wow, stalker and dayz in one game? (while thinking this i got a hard boner) and after buying it, seeing it, feeling it... instant cancer"
76561198136172974,Not Recommended,519190,33772764,Posted: 24 July,all,Frost,"Even for a early access game, this is very poorly made and not enjoyable. A portion of the game is in russian & the english text is poorly translated. It's difficult to see any real objective or point to actually playing this game. Character animations and movement is very poor making manouvering very frustrating. Game not enjoyable at all I'm afraid, not seeing any potential at this time either."
,Not Recommended,519190,33934691,Posted: 31 July,all,Callum,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,519190,33819398,Posted: 26 July,all,Nate,♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,519190,33763536,Posted: 24 July,all,Huxley,"Terrible graphics, movement and combat feels awful. Just didn't like it and would not reccomend it. Check other reviews for more pro's and con's."
76561198009679727,Not Recommended,519190,34439643,Posted: 23 August,all,CooLKiD893,this dev team is just to small for a game like this im sorry i wanted to like this game but the updates (that arent just wanted they are needed )are to few to far apart i wish i could refund this game but i did give it a long shot before i gave up between way to easy to get killed from cheaters to the stupid long list of bugs in the words of SHARK TANK! IM sorry But For That Reason IM OUT!!
,Not Recommended,519190,33818108,Posted: 26 July,all,The Fella,"Bought it,installed it,played it,spoke to some guy who said vlod desproky kicheechieb. Translates to ivan the potatto farmer,uninstalled and got refund.went out and bought a fish supper with my £ 6 refund. Wonderd if the chips that inwas eating were made of potattos ivan hand picked."
,Not Recommended,519190,34909174,Posted: 12 September,all,H{}SS Mx,"Tried to give this game a shot... Never even got to play because it would not allow me to rebind any of my mouse buttons. It let me rebind keyboard keys but not mouse buttons. Not a problem if you are one of those people that just play with the default setup i suppose, but if your like me, and like to change your keybinds to a non standard keybind setup then don't waste your money. You won't be able to play it."
,Not Recommended,519190,33797617,Posted: 25 July,all,SuperNath97,"I would not recommend it. In the 60 minutes i played, i died from a common cold for not wearing clothes because you dont spawn with any, the tutorial wolf because you are sent to kill it with the crappiest knife, and a group of squeakers spawn camping the neutral safe zone where everybody spawns at the start. Also it doenst help the game looks like an early 2006 stalker alpha."
76561198135004647,Not Recommended,519190,33704254,Posted: 21 July,all,GoldieShow,"give a bunch of people guns and loot to steal and they will ruin the game for others just trying to get  use to the game. im not complaining , i know im not good at these games, but when they have a dedicated mode for pve and then  a poison  fog shrinking map /pubg/kotk mode and these people just sit around the  safe zone in the woods and wait for you to leave , takes  a way from people like me who are trying this type of game for the first time . for the price  its not bad , for people like me its not great and i cant recommend it , not to mention the majority  of its in russian ,  you hear everything anyone says near you on a mic .but yet no one wwill answer your questions for you when you ask ."
76561198058227494,Not Recommended,519190,35094627,Posted: 20 September,all,jgross,Worst game I've played in years.  The AI is♥♥♥♥♥♥ and the game itself is boring af.
,Not Recommended,519190,33772109,Posted: 24 July,all,Squib,"Broken, can't even get past the loading screen"
,Not Recommended,519190,33934189,Posted: 31 July,all,knauf,bad
76561198129261260,Not Recommended,519190,34105815,Posted: 8 August,all,SovietBull,"1. The gameplay is confusing af.2. People just kill you over and over again before you can get any loot at all.3. You get a headache from moving the mouse and interaction with objects is terrible as you need to be right on spot to pick something up.I thought its something like PUBG, its not.Its a confusing game where you get killed over and over by the vet players pretty sure even from your own team."
76561198049840952,Not Recommended,519190,34115039,Posted: 8 August,all,Fart Stinks Like A Motherfucker,terribad
76561198349891074,Not Recommended,519190,33902359,Posted: 30 July,all,Sy,dont buy for a few years so theyy can make it work
,Not Recommended,519190,35120009,Posted: 21 September,all,falseCudder,"So bugggy, cant even load the game"
76561198142502563,Recommended,519190,35190965,Posted: 24 September,all,ϟPyxis,The trailer looks cool.
76561197988331584,Not Recommended,519190,33953252,Posted: 1 August,all,natb1*BK*,this game is so bad...you can buy weapons and ammo in a safezone...and people camping safezone? not worth 9.99
76561198085542972,Recommended,519190,35195091,Posted: 24 September,all,Authentic,MAC PLEASE
76561198360585941,Not Recommended,519190,33985592,Posted: 2 August,all,brutterins,Im so mad at myself for being cheap and choosing this over DayZ.  BIG MISTAKE!  It's horrible.  The graphics to Stalker are better than this game.
,Not Recommended,519190,33758258,Posted: 23 July,all,goodsnpr,"Game is clunky, with poor inventory management and terrible combat system. Headshots don't register as any extra damage? End note: Refund Requested"
76561198044263944,Not Recommended,519190,33880267,Posted: 29 July,all,dylans_mom69,"Game runs like crap, shooting is probably one of the worst shooters i have ever played. Running through buildings is not smooth."
,Not Recommended,519190,33910771,Posted: 30 July,all,|Ordo| MrRamboRex,"Bought the Game, First 16 Minutes of It the controls felt wacked, the player model looked like♥♥♥♥♥♥ the movement was♥♥♥♥♥♥ quest were boring. went into a town, AI NPCs locked on to me without seeing me and lit me up. all in all refunded"
,Not Recommended,519190,33788893,Posted: 25 July,all,ShrimpoKnight 🖖 🤔,Loading characters
,Not Recommended,519190,33807990,Posted: 26 July,all,AmericanBAD^SS,Clunky and last decades technology is the feel I got from this game. It reminded me very much of Everquest or one of those old type RPGs. The combat mechanics were terrible. The sound is too overboard. NO first person view. All interaction with NPCs are in foreign language not english. The text is english. Glad this was only 8 bucks. Im putting this one back on the shelf and moving on to a different game.
,Not Recommended,519190,33685038,Posted: 20 July,all,FallenActual,"In Short this game suffers from a lack luster S.T.A.L.K.E.R Combat is very clunky and the guns feel like there is very fake as in there is no recoil, ADS, and the bullets seem to be made of rubber. Lastly there is no cover or lean mechanics in place so if u get into combat u have to just strafe around hoping not to get shot. Bought this game on sale as it looked cool and has a mostly positive review by 113 people, but these people must be autisic to think this is a good game just save up your money and buy S.T.A.L.K.E.R or Escape From Tarkov much more worth your time and even when you choose English as the prefered langague %99 of players are russian the menu options (graphic settings) and ingame text still reads as russion.."
,Not Recommended,519190,33825105,Posted: 26 July,all,Chief,"Avoid at any cost! another money grabPros:+ Wearing Adidas and sitting like gopnikCons:-idon'tcareaboutmygrammarimnotperfectandnevertoldso-lots of bugs.....LOTS-Nothing to do besides fight with aimbot npc's who's shooting trough walls/rocks/trees/cars-boring quests-Random materializing bears/wolfs/gopniks who insta kill you-No animation cancel (if you're eating/healing/drinking/collecting twigs - and there is wolf or bear then forget about loot)-weird vehicles which are uncontrollable and burns fuel like beast and you gotta watch your car and protect it because everybody can free enter-loot your car even if you're inside of it-Ever heard about ballistics ? noe ? rifles are like shotguns at distance, so all you do is try your luck hitting side of a barn-Shoddy animations like my summer car-small map with few and same locations to visit-weird and useless airdrops-Tried to enter bunker ? well surprice mother////// get kicked/crashed/bsod or thrown into main menu-Bunkers are impossible to solo due to NPC's are either spawncamping or/and oneshot ya-Bunkers ? why that ? to get boring gauss gun which is parody of STALKEr gauss gun and which is extremly expensive and due the aimboting npc's, easy to lose-Stalker like anomalies (dangerous environment).....ye only one-One of the dev's is actually VAC banned (im banned too ""insert your irony"", but its a game ban for swearing at devs if you're curious to ask)-Game is out since 1.5 years now and since 6 months there is no changes at all besides a few bug fixes-Devs are selfish ignorant and gamebanning you for a bad reviewAnd ye OFC ITS EARLY ACCESS GIVE IT A CHANCE !!!!!to all EA fun boys and other people who appreciate EA games:EARLY ACCESS games shouldNOTbe anEXCUSEfor poor execution of their productBack in the day there were None of EA games and notice how many / how good were games overallNowdays EA feature is quick/rush money grab and abandoning of a project with lots of cash in da pocketsAvoid that game at any costand yes i got 19 hours on record (grinding and gazing at wonderful (not) game)Id like to get my money back but sadly i can't refound that game anymoreand ye, positive feedbacks are Bullsheat"
76561197968519905,Not Recommended,519190,33699210,Posted: 21 July,all,franco,ill come back to it in a couple of months. at this point servers wont load and once you're in game its laggy ( as the developer explains) the RPG needs a bit of work for sure. promising but after 10 mins i has enoupgh of it
,Not Recommended,519190,33956039,Posted: 1 August,all,[KOS]BLACKWATER.UK,"this is a bad game, terrible graphics, like playing on the mega drive. not worth $3"
76561198001024971,Not Recommended,519190,34350230,Posted: 19 August,all,Nostrafamous,"i know it is early access, i know peopl love it, but i just cannot recommend it in its current state.usa pvp servers are only populated with neutral spawn killerseu servers are screaming at each other over a faction war with no preamblenot much to do besides run around get berries and branches to loot a house to join a faction you don't care about to get backstabbed in a raidjust not fun solo, not fun with the current player base, but hey if you wanna waste your 10$ go ahead.just another dayz wannabe that still doesn't get the open world survival loot fest right...miscreated is about the only good game out of this genre, everything else is cancer.besides pubg, pubg is fun.you should play pubg instead of this."
76561198015967544,Not Recommended,519190,33815410,Posted: 26 July,all,Kernel Jam,46 minutes of Error: Authentication Timed Out.Just wait a couple of years for this Alpha to be a better Alpha.
76561198114262684,Not Recommended,519190,34264337,Posted: 15 August,all,Varrock Obama,I didn't receive it for free.
,Not Recommended,519190,34071525,Posted: 6 August,all,DooM,"Meh,better off spending the money on Miscreated. Better graphics and gameplay."
76561198154237714,Not Recommended,519190,34584219,Posted: 29 August,all,echo high😎,this game sucks dont buy itaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
,Not Recommended,519190,33779376,Posted: 24 July,all,Chaosation,"Too ruthless on new players after the beginning quests. Do not play this solo. Once you die and you're in a different faction, it's impossible to deal with any of the wild animals unless you have a weapon, and combine that with other players and it's a ♥♥♥♥♥torm."
,Not Recommended,519190,33771745,Posted: 24 July,all,ZiggieFred,Just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ Don't buy this.
,Not Recommended,519190,33700208,Posted: 21 July,all,Ariel,"Looks promissing, but the game looks like outdate stalker type ""of game"".If UPDATED to a next gen standart it can be a fun ...if (nextgamestuff = yes) ""THUMB UP""else NO"
76561198343232589,Not Recommended,519190,33887192,Posted: 29 July,all,MuscleMan,Game is♥♥♥♥♥♥for 13$ get infestation its free and better!
,Not Recommended,519190,33977159,Posted: 2 August,all,Dev,trash
,Not Recommended,519190,34029464,Posted: 4 August,all,"Trilogy ""Epidemic"" Frost",Game sucked mad♥♥♥♥♥
76561198063343071,Not Recommended,519190,33873999,Posted: 28 July,all,renosavage1er,only played a few minutes in for just releasing the graphics are very dated and it just isnt fun.
76561198079563788,Not Recommended,519190,33877152,Posted: 29 July,all,Lieutenant Joker,"It looks like a really fun game, Too bad i caant even log into a server. Refunded now."
,Not Recommended,519190,33820233,Posted: 26 July,all,nemesis,Endless regret from buying this game. 2.7 hours on record and i have no clue about the game. It wouldn't load the world at all. 2.7 hours wasted. Not worth buying this game right now. Stay away
76561197973050645,Not Recommended,519190,34493264,Posted: 25 August,all,[ChoZen] White Owl,"Terrible. I can not recommend this game because every time I attempt to play, I get 2-4 minutes in and disconnected. I have tried no less than 10 times to play this game, and EVERY SINGLE TIME I have been disconnected. A complete waste of 9.99. Sorry guys, as an indie dev myself it pains me to give such a poor review, but I call it like I see it. I'll try again eventually and hopefully won't get disconnected..."
76561198185740027,Recommended,519190,34236098,Posted: 14 August,all,chemosh,"My uncle has Parkinson's and it's so ♥♥♥♥ing funny trying to watch him eat, or pick up the remote, or do anything. He calls me a♥♥♥♥♥♥but I laugh and say ""fight me"". He misses every punch. ♥♥♥♥ you, Uncle Greg"
76561198118070652,Not Recommended,519190,33876995,Posted: 29 July,all,xxxtentacion eating ice cubes,next gay is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game for sure
,Not Recommended,519190,33847837,Posted: 27 July,all,MilSpec_RA,mehhhh.... nothing spectacular.
76561198254782806,Not Recommended,519190,35348026,Posted: 30 September,all,SuperMario2xS,So much lag and i dont like this game.
,Not Recommended,519190,33803326,Posted: 26 July,all,Primus Palus,"UGH. Why the hell did I buy this? I figured based on the video... it would be like an H1Z1 meets Day Z mix. What I got was a jumbled mess. So glad it cost lest than $10 because I would have been♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥if it was a penny over that.I spawn into the game and meet a couple people near a campfire. They can't hear me talking. Ok. Messed with my settings, nothing. They go their way I go mine. I travel not 30 seconds out of the zone and get chased by a wolf. Ok. I jumped some fences and figured I could outrun it. He instead runs through the fences and then kills me after biting me a half dozen times.I spawn a second time and go loot for a minute. Nothing good found not even a gun. I go to drink water and when I enter the unstoppable animation, I'm shot and killed by another player. Ok.I spawn in again and try a different area. I approach a house and instantly take fire. I hear screaming and then I'm dead. Apparently I just found the military NPC's. Who just kill you because you breath. No other reason. Makes sense.I spawn in again and end up in the same town. I meet another player he can hear me fine (so not sure what the problem was with the other two people). He's friendly and we separate. I exit the house and die instantly to NPC military troops. Ok.I spawn in again and this time I'm so embarassed that I even bought this game and don't care anymore, I go into the town to try and find a gun to kill at least one of those shitbird aimbot ♥♥♥♥♥ NPC's. I get chased by a bear into a house and when I come out, instantly killed by the NPC's.I return again this time I find a shotgun and ammo in one room! YES! Before I can even finish loading the NPC's come from across town and shoot me dead through the windows. What. The. ♥♥♥♥.I go back one more time (the NPC's are still shooting my corpse in the house). I find another building with an SMG in it, magazines, ammo, a GRENADE, YES! Screw you NPC's... and I die from the NPC's through a window as I crossed a doorway (instant aimbot kill).This game is a complete mess and absolute garbage. I am so disappointed that I bought into the stories and reviews. What a complete waste of my time. I recommend taking the same amount of time threading a needle over and over instead of buying this and playing it. You'll thank me that at least you learned how to effectively thread a needle instead of wasted your life and money on this trash.Oh, and the UI is in Russian in some areas. GG devs."
76561198169475884,Not Recommended,519190,33682853,Posted: 20 July,all,Butter Bear,"It took me 20 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes just to get into a game and when i finally do, im greeted with terrible visuals and nothing to do. This game may be in beta but its going nowhere"
,Not Recommended,519190,33712726,Posted: 21 July,all,BroncosPride58,"I'm a huge fan of survival games, but come on, you guys are obviously trying to be like H1Z1 or Player Unknown Battlegrounds, your PVE is a joke, PVE is supposed to be PVE NOT PVP, secondly the graphics on the game are so retro, i honestly feel like you could did a better job with the framerate too, and dont even get me started on how difficult some of the enemies are.i feel like this could be a great game, but you need to die down the difficulty at least at the beggining of the game, that way gamers can at least get on their feet, and have a fighting chance, im not saying give them the moon, but this game is hardly even considered realism, since a knife blow or single gunshot to the head will kill most creatures.basically im saying that game is not worth paying for at all, your better off buying H1Z1 or playing PUBG, as they give you that realism that your looking for"
,Not Recommended,519190,33753846,Posted: 23 July,all,MrTopping,Is this even a game? It's quite insulting that this is even able to be placed on the store.
76561198137635354,Not Recommended,519190,33779857,Posted: 24 July,all,del,"I feel like I should start out with the cons, as there are more.Cons-1) Extremely buggy overall interface, like when you click ""create server"" it just makes you join them, and it is EXTREMELY difficult to play with friends, so good luck. There are so many more things that are terrible about the UI.2) Its only third person, which wouldn't be bad if it were good. You cannot shoot things past 10 meters because the guns are so inaccurate and you can't aim down sights.3) Inventory and crafting is extremely difficult to manage, just the overall inventory makes no sense.4) Things like hypothermia and overall things in a survival game are too fast, making the game feel rushed when you should be able to take your time in a realistic setting5) Random small areas (I'm talking about like 10m x 10m) are just covered in green fog, scattered in random fields. Makes no sense and breaks immersion6) AI are extremely overpowered.7) The in game map display is bad overall.Pros-1) It gives the vibe like DayZ once did for me: I feel like I always must confront people over killing them on sight.2) Factions in the game make things more interesting.3) If the game got rid of all its bugs, added first person, and made things more clean with the inventory, I'd recommend this game for the low price of $10."
76561198153367815,Not Recommended,519190,33744736,Posted: 23 July,all,King Zoddy,eats a can of beef and dies of thirst
,Not Recommended,519190,34043484,Posted: 5 August,all,PcGamer,-CRAP GAME-RUN SIMULATOR-DEAD BY NPC´s IN 1ms-BEGINNERS UNFRIENDLY-STEAM DID NOT REFUND MY MONEY-I NEVER PLAYED THIS GAME MORE THAN 2H.-CRAP STEAMPLAYTIMECOUNTER SUCKS-STEAM SUPPORT SUCKS ITS A ♥♥♥♥ING BOT  YOU ARE WRITING TO
76561197966041617,Not Recommended,519190,34226609,Posted: 13 August,all,Dinger,this game ♥♥♥♥ing blows dont waste your money
,Not Recommended,519190,33865867,Posted: 28 July,all,[TNL] pomf,is bad
,Not Recommended,519190,34202389,Posted: 12 August,all,ReaganSMAAAAASH,Next Day: Survival. Would rather drive a fork through my eye holes. ~5 minutes and a refund. Terrible.
76561198399587791,Not Recommended,519190,33852831,Posted: 28 July,all,MrPsychedelic,"this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awfull there are parts of the game where if you havent already played 412 hours you will be killed by ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t enemies who kill you in 3 hits and you cant reload your♥♥♥♥♥♥eating rifle fast enough to do damage in total i give this game a sweaty pile of pubic hair out of 10,000,000"
,Not Recommended,519190,33778905,Posted: 24 July,all,DMStewart,Its like STALKER meets DayZ and they decide to raep Rust. Except its not even in EA condition yet. I play a lot of EA and it is rare for me to ask for a refund. This time I felt I had to. The promotional video does a great job of selling this. I want to play the game they describe and hype in that video. This isnt it. Even if you like EA games you should prob wait to see where this goes before purchasing it.
,Not Recommended,519190,33832097,Posted: 27 July,all,sitrus,-Start the game-Almost first quest-Run 400m to get the quest items-Get the items-Somebody shoot you to the head-Respawn-All items gone-Run again 400m to die for the same guy-5/5 never again.
,Not Recommended,519190,33803913,Posted: 26 July,all,Got Dignosed with cancer | Bye |,"This is Trash dont buy it , thank god for steam refund"
76561198272606346,Not Recommended,519190,34487566,Posted: 25 August,all,Vac Ban again -_-,This game is so bad I had to get a refund before I even purchased it.
76561198320123638,Not Recommended,519190,34542145,Posted: 27 August,all,905 ReckLeSS csgoroll.com,Only people who are♥♥♥♥♥♥at PUBG play this garbage.
,Not Recommended,519190,33713978,Posted: 21 July,all,Munch On My Balls,"MIC WOULDNT WORK INGAME, VERY BUGGY, GOOD PREMISE ITS PROMISING BUT WORTH WAITING TILL THEY POLISH IT A BIT"
,Not Recommended,519190,33774564,Posted: 24 July,all,Waffen SS,I hated this game. There was nothing fun about it.
,Not Recommended,519190,33755533,Posted: 23 July,all,GuWop,game crashes are A1
,Not Recommended,519190,33810698,Posted: 26 July,all,Abradolf Lincler,Yuck
,Not Recommended,519190,33849445,Posted: 27 July,all,T3hVax,worst game i have ever played. To many bugs and it will crash your computer and cause bad errors.
,Not Recommended,519190,33778811,Posted: 24 July,all,RSTSN,Bad. Even for early access this is a pretty big turd. Not even worth it for the price.
,Not Recommended,519190,33775695,Posted: 24 July,all,GOLA,want a refund.... randomly fall under a dock and now you can't get out.. great game money back please
,Not Recommended,519190,33897046,Posted: 29 July,all,itzMon,"If you enjoy getting spawn killed then this is the game for you!On a more serious note I bought this game for me and my gf. We jump on to a server and does the first two quest, no problem. The third quest tells you to go out and kill wolves. Sure no problem just wolves. I walk to where the wolves are and kill it. Yay now I just have to give the guy the meat ezpz. NOPE. Random a$$hole is standing just outside the safe zone with a rifle and kills us both. Sure okay then lets just try to run back to out bodies and pick up our quest item to finish it....NOPE. We re-spawn run back to our bodies only to be shot by the same guy AGAIN. Now just repeat that about 5 more times. Literally nothing I could have done about it, since the wolves only spawn in one location. Could've, would've, Should've been fun had they made the beginner quest in a ffing safezone so you couldn't get killed while LEARNING the game."
76561198109172306,Not Recommended,519190,34123971,Posted: 9 August,all,Pooch,This is the worst game i've ever played.controls 1/10visuality 1/10combat 1/10overall a bad game! do not recommend!
76561198028888641,Not Recommended,519190,33689236,Posted: 20 July,all,TheSnipingHawk,Don't even waste your time yet..
,Not Recommended,519190,33848170,Posted: 27 July,all,JetBoom,another game in the refund bin.
76561198032010421,Not Recommended,519190,34042617,Posted: 5 August,all,The West,Terrible.
,Not Recommended,519190,33689481,Posted: 20 July,all,Ricochet,"Half the game is in Russian even the settings, do not buy unless you speak Russian."
76561198034651076,Not Recommended,519190,34160211,Posted: 10 August,all,clemi,rusian made game
,Not Recommended,519190,34004537,Posted: 3 August,all,Mello ✌ RIP Banjo,"Were is the refund button, this game just isnt up to modern standards...."
,Not Recommended,519190,33810131,Posted: 26 July,all,Tiny Rick Sanchez,im sorry i spend over an hour trying to have 5 minutes of uninteruppted gameplay but simply couldnt get any fun
76561198042134739,Not Recommended,519190,33868338,Posted: 28 July,all,Missionings,"""heeeeeeeyy""Tell the guy he sounds like a paedophileHe kills me inside the safezone♥♥♥♥ing great game"
,Not Recommended,519190,33896581,Posted: 29 July,all,ItzFly H1Z1Stakes.com,This game is absolutely terrible.
,Not Recommended,519190,33799238,Posted: 25 July,all,Daniel Pasten,TERRIBLY BORING
76561198176306913,Not Recommended,519190,33729971,Posted: 22 July,all,Torteno,I am aware that the game is in alpha and there are going to be a ton of bugs but the game is unplayable for me whenever i try to join a game or start a single player the game crashes or my entire computer just freezes and also even if you choose USA region the character creation is still in russian
,Not Recommended,519190,33850184,Posted: 28 July,all,Mandown7N4L$-BITCHIMFUCCINHIGH,This game ♥♥♥♥ING SUCKS. Simple as that this game is bland as ♥♥♥♥ and boring as ♥♥♥♥ typical early access game theres nothing crazy about this game is stupid as ♥♥♥♥ the controls are attrocious and the aiming for weapons is like from a ♥♥♥♥ing ps2 game. This game is HORRIBLE and i thought id give it a chance because there were good reviews? WTF game were those people with the good reviews playing. This isn't even a game just a quick haul for money theres no content graphics are god awful its nothing anyone wants in a game ♥♥♥♥ this game this♥♥♥♥♥♥sucks and the kids who play this are some ♥♥♥♥ who beat off to russian ak47 porn and have nothing better to do with their boring♥♥♥♥♥life than to waste time on this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a game DONT BUY IT PLEASE IM WARNING YOU DONT ♥♥♥♥ THE GOOD REVIEWS THEY ARENT REALISTIC THIS GAME SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥♥AND I NEVER GET ON A REVIEW TO BASH THATS HOW BAD THIS GAME IS I ♥♥♥♥ING HAD TO ♥♥♥♥ THIS ONCE MORE AND THE DEVS CAN SUCK MY EVERLASTING♥♥♥♥♥♥!!! I BETTER GET MY GODDAMN REFUND ON THIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. THANK YOU.
,Not Recommended,519190,33902208,Posted: 30 July,all,.♛ RebeL ♛.,No.
,Not Recommended,519190,33700848,Posted: 21 July,all,GDUBMX,"Honestly, game is dump. awful controls, feels like im playing a browser game from 2005. half russian half pigeon english text in menus. I know its Early Access, but Early 2000s Access is more appropriate. Nice try guys but maybe just avoid attempting to rip stalker/dayz and doing it badly. Is the dev machine a IBM from 1997, 128mb Ram, 2Gb Hdd, 3d Graphics with  56mb vram?"
,Not Recommended,519190,33845374,Posted: 27 July,all,Keith,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING AWFUL
76561198035339895,Not Recommended,519190,33834988,Posted: 27 July,all,Isaac Cox,♥♥♥♥♥game only bad people play this ugly♥♥♥♥♥game
,Not Recommended,519190,34371996,Posted: 20 August,all,hurjak,bad graphics and boring.... but got a full refund!
76561198067687485,Not Recommended,519190,33799708,Posted: 25 July,all,Lackadaisical Fajita,"This game was awful, it was clunky, ugly, unresponsive and just plain boring."
,Not Recommended,519190,33712090,Posted: 21 July,all,JewishOven,".6 hrs is all I needed to say ♥♥♥♥ this game!Voices are in RussianSome text is in Russian.- Was running around with what I apparently thought was someone that was [neutral] so I never attacked, we ran around doing the beginning missions. Not on a team or anything (you could tell the other player was following the gameplay)- I could have killed him when I found my knife- Ran next to him for all of .6 hours- Found a coat after I checked building he didn't go to- Ran back into each other- ♥♥♥♥er pulls out a sickle and kills me and I lose all my♥♥♥♥♥♥- ♥♥♥♥ you!- Alt+F4- Uninstalls"
76561198091612578,Not Recommended,519190,33742204,Posted: 23 July,all,Torbjörn,Probably the worst game i've ever spend money on.
,Not Recommended,519190,33724185,Posted: 22 July,all,T1MB0,boring as hell. sorry.
76561198081510070,Not Recommended,519190,34470012,Posted: 24 August,all,Zephoia,awful game
76561198004846031,Not Recommended,519190,33910559,Posted: 30 July,all,Arthur,Game looks outdated. Quests are boring. Refunded.
,Not Recommended,519190,33888868,Posted: 29 July,all,Teardrop,"It won't even freakin load on my laptop 3/4 of the time. Wtf! It makes Steam slow as eff and I constantly have to close it and reopen it to make it stop ""running"" when the freakin game isn't even showing up! When it does, it takes TEN MINUTES for the starting screen to load completely. The beginning when it allows you to create your character and all that is completely fine if for a bit a freezing. I tried loading into a game and couldn't connect then continued to freeze. I close out and also out of Steam and click its icon to go back onto it but it is CONSTANTLY telling me that its updating Steam. Every. Time. I close out. And then when the game shows up three screens pop up for each different thing that you're supposed to see. The screen warning that it's early access and is prone to freezing, lagging, etc. Then chosing your region. And then proceeding to character creation and playing. THREE screens for each. No other game I have, limited as they may be, does that and is most likely the reason its not playing correctly.Yes, I understand the Early Access crap, but I was hoping to actually get to play the freakin thing and enjoy it like quite a few have. Guess I'll have to wait five dang years for it to actually come out fully in order to play it. Work on all that, please.(My laptop also sucks (Windows 8), which I know is a big reason it isn't working. . . but still.)"
76561198124830453,Not Recommended,519190,34028885,Posted: 4 August,all,Kelpyy,k lol
,Not Recommended,519190,33870939,Posted: 28 July,all,Reno Not Real Rank,What i♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Dayz Wannabe ....
,Not Recommended,519190,33858844,Posted: 28 July,all,BoLTz,Games really boring and finding loot is impossible
,Not Recommended,519190,34773490,Posted: 6 September,all,Xxxxx,Complete aids.
,Not Recommended,519190,33897500,Posted: 29 July,all,Nevereverland,Half russian half english game with worse graphics than 10 years old games.
,Not Recommended,519190,33791723,Posted: 25 July,all,as ketchup,got ♥♥♥♥ing kild in the spwan in 3 difrent servers by some ♥♥♥♥ing russian. and coud not join any other server cuz it woud not let me.
,Not Recommended,519190,33669664,Posted: 20 July,all,Switchblade,"so far so bad lol but or 8 bucks ill hold onto it until something gets done about it. So what i didnt like was how i felt like i was babysitting my character when trying to survive every second i was freezing , hungry , sick, and thirsty. Another thing i didnt like was waiting in the cold in line to talk to a quest giver."
,Not Recommended,519190,33799070,Posted: 25 July,all,Rey,GARBAGE
76561197994229799,Not Recommended,519190,33761026,Posted: 24 July,all,ツ Grumps ✌,Currently NO keys can be configured which makes the game unplayable for many players. what is the point in releasing a game in this state
,Not Recommended,519190,33714700,Posted: 22 July,all,P4YN Ki,"This game is absolute garbage. It runs terribly, it plays like it belongs on PlayStation 1. Can't support this and have requested a refund. If you want to go back to controls clunkier than Arma 2 and you can't change them, then this is for you.  Sadly I own Arma 3 and Exile is free, so I see no reason to downgrade."
,Not Recommended,519190,33714997,Posted: 22 July,all,kookiekrak,The game is garbage
,Not Recommended,519190,33894876,Posted: 29 July,all,MrJoshua,"Spawn, do a few quests to get rifle and protective gear.Quest to go to radiated area.Go, get killed by a bear.Protective gear is unlootable and in radiated area, unable to get it back.No immediate other path for a new player.Beyond that, controls dont feel fluid.  UI needs improvement.  Looting is cumbersome.Maybe I'll revisit it in a year, but for now, its a not recommended and refund request."
76561198166101412,Not Recommended,519190,33678251,Posted: 20 July,all,Ok͜isar҉u,"Dear god .... I have played Stalker Online a while ago. It was 4 years in alfa, then beta. Played for nearly a year. Then devellopers split , owners took the project with them, other side had to rename game to sZone ... The game was bad, really terrible. Next day survival game is absolutely wors. Dont give me the ''pre alfa'' ''alfa'' '' beta'' bugs yara yara. £6 is big money in Russia. And steam is well known for ''early access '' marketing exploit. Again, sZone was a scam cash grab, this game is same. Its just unbarably bad, yet with an excuse of an ''alfa'' and all the positive thinkers are going to thumbs it up.AVOID this game. Survival games are a ''thing'' in Russia and there is plenty of copy paste knockof games there."
,Not Recommended,519190,33953608,Posted: 1 August,all,Pickle Rick,♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
76561198027990618,Not Recommended,519190,33684850,Posted: 20 July,all,CHEZ BAGEL,"Not a good survival game! go for h1z1 just survivl, rust, or dayZ. This game isn't good"
,Not Recommended,519190,33868357,Posted: 28 July,all,Holiday,Refunded.
,Not Recommended,519190,33954089,Posted: 1 August,all,flickamad,just..no
76561198263392882,Not Recommended,519190,33675140,Posted: 20 July,all,Aries-Risen,"6fps, Russian text under American server... can't even play the game, going to return/refund it"
,Not Recommended,519190,33753490,Posted: 23 July,all,naked_dinner,"Epic game.. Not even close, to early acces.. Game engine laggy, graphic looks like trash.. In menu a loot russian ""blablabla"" whatever they means.. Players still asking your ""Skype account"" like there is no other communication programs (brainless community). Bug on every f-step.. Bots can shoot you throw the wall even if you under the cover, save zone not realy save zone.. You can easy kill someone 50 metter away from base, but only 1 metter out of save zone.. So not even bots will help you to secure your loot. Higher level seems like item spawn boost.. GAME WITHOUT ANY GAME NOLAGE, JUST WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY. So dont even try to buy this s-, cuz you will be disappointed.+++++++++++++++++++After 10 more hour of gameplay. i completely rushed bunker on G6, when im opening huge door. game just break me to the start menu.. wtf?????????????That all just for achieviement?? Anyway.. afrer that im rejoining session.. and it bring me back not inside bilding, but in outside, where is again standing still 10 military guys already shooting at me in loading screen... So still should play that s-????"
,Not Recommended,519190,33796764,Posted: 25 July,all,Hazmater,Start off with no guide what so ever and♥♥♥♥♥♥loot. the second you leave the starting zone you get picked off by someone who is looted then loose everything.♥♥♥♥♥♥game glad i bought it on sale.
,Not Recommended,519190,34851562,Posted: 9 September,all,Cx,0/10 game died from dehydration 5 minutes after i drank 2 bottles of waterboring
76561197970728128,Not Recommended,519190,33671371,Posted: 20 July,all,#GLOCK-23,"The game is not even ready for early access , The options under graphics are still in russian .The mele combat is horrid , I returned this game after 23 minutes of gameplay..The game played decent around 80 fps on 1080 p but the graphics are just plain badi Didn't expect much for 8 bucks but i did expect english in the gameThey Have a TON of work left to do , This was just a cash grab if you ask me.."
76561198166324706,Not Recommended,519190,34116062,Posted: 8 August,all,Lytharium,"This is the worst game that I have ever played, if you are looking for a good game go play player unknown. This game has usless cars everywhere and the aiming system sucks. I would give this game a 2/10"
76561198025311377,Not Recommended,519190,33726722,Posted: 22 July,all,MMR Donation Center,"for now I will vote this game down, I've got constant 300 ping and more in any server. The game itself is running smoothly in my pc. Will vote this up if there is server optimalization (I'm from Indonesia btw)"
,Not Recommended,519190,33682418,Posted: 20 July,all,Poot,Thought it would be like Unturned or Miscreated but ended up being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ russian knock-off of those
76561198083071711,Not Recommended,519190,34980913,Posted: 15 September,all,dyslexic scum,♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198028051277,Not Recommended,519190,33839096,Posted: 27 July,all,BuliwyfZRage,"If you think 6€ is worth the Game, let me tell you that I rather should have gotten 6 cheeseburgers from MacDonalds instead.Welcome to the 1-minute-walking-outside-to-get-a-cold-and-die simulator featuring Kill on Sight in the starter zones since the Map is not even big enough for 24 players.But hey, it has the graphics of Stalker (in 2017, ROFL), great game."
,Not Recommended,519190,34363954,Posted: 19 August,all,LIL FRENCHFRY,">join>quest glitches, cant get knife>rejoin>get knife>go to town>see helicopter, get scared>go back>get gun>go to swamp>see bear>avoid bear>bear see anyway>bear take 3 shots to head>die>cant get body>lose suit, lose mask, lose gun, lose knife>refundnice job devs"
,Not Recommended,519190,33868438,Posted: 28 July,all,T&A|OFCRfrndly,"This game wasn't worth the money when it was on sale for 25% off. The graphics and gameplay are clunky and garbage. The ingame voices are all in Russian and the translations are poor broken English.The beginner quests are broken, I had to move all over the place to perfectly place my character to pick up the required quest items. There are much better survivor games on steam that you could buy. Go spend your money else where."
76561197974547649,Not Recommended,519190,33670647,Posted: 20 July,all,Weltuned,"this is not good at all.....graphics quality of a mobile gamecontrols are choppy and confusing90% of the game was in russiantake PUBG, dayz and rust - mash them togetherrun the result on an outdated GTA3 enginego nuts with the stalker/metro color and art stylethat is what this game isjust because it takes place in eastern europe, doesnt mean it has to look like it was made there also"
76561198261904920,Not Recommended,519190,34378923,Posted: 20 August,all,serene.in.dallas,"Terrible game. Lost 51 minutes of my life to it. Very unintuitive UI, extremely problematic combat, clunky controls, lack of content, and no sense of direction. I want that 51 minutes of my lfie back. Refund request sent."
,Not Recommended,519190,34373529,Posted: 20 August,all,LIL PUMP,i bought the game and i cant even run it its really giltchy i know that i dont have a good computer but i have played bigger games that need more requirement and can run it
76561198201085259,Not Recommended,519190,33792157,Posted: 25 July,all,Jake Freeman,never EVER buy an early access game
76561198418004510,Not Recommended,519190,34986766,Posted: 15 September,all,laceysoccermom,it suck
76561198202793989,Not Recommended,519190,33767198,Posted: 24 July,all,[CVLV] PotatoBread csgoroll.com,"I really don't recommend the game, and i understand that it's an early access, but still the game doesnt exceed my expectations. It would be cool if there would be an only survival mode, bc the rpg element in this game is trash. I will even go as far as saying that unturned is better."
,Not Recommended,519190,33837845,Posted: 27 July,all,FrostyRitz,THIS GAME NO GOOD!
,Not Recommended,519190,34372613,Posted: 20 August,all,Phaden,Wack...
,Not Recommended,519190,33724564,Posted: 22 July,all,Reducto,wtf
76561198022152411,Not Recommended,519190,33683223,Posted: 20 July,all,Dr.Kuhntole,"Slow paced,Confusing,Died 3 times trying to kill a wolf,Walked around puking because of food poisioning aparently,then lost my knife.Then it crashed. I think i played 95 minutes in total?Not one minute more0/10 Would not recomend"
76561198086439280,Not Recommended,519190,33759694,Posted: 23 July,all,Jasper Reikevik,Dont let Mostly Positive impress you....this game is all russian with voices and n o customization of the character you have to choose it from preset.....they should study english before to do a game
76561198102896252,Not Recommended,519190,33881247,Posted: 29 July,all,AlleSterben,I dont see more stupid game ever quest send u to toxic area and u have only knife with u and on that place have a bear next to your quest so she kill u and u loose your radio activ gear and after that u cant finish it...... so if u think to buy this game dont u waste your money Russian guys camping the low level area where u take medicine for quest and they kill u so u must make that quest again and again so they can farm medicine Buy Battleground dont waste your money for this rabish game
,Not Recommended,519190,33752306,Posted: 23 July,all,lockwoodx,This failed mobile SP game turned steam mmo is going to take a metric ton of work to make viable/enjoyable.AVOID ATM
76561198202134472,Not Recommended,519190,33761415,Posted: 24 July,all,"Junior, The Creator",worst 7 dollars i ever spent on a game this game makes garbage look good
76561198043133595,Not Recommended,519190,33691105,Posted: 21 July,all,MelloHype,"Died in a fire. Talked in a bad Russian accent. 10/10 would not play again.Graphics are comparable to 1997, and the menus are still mostly in Russian, which is only good if you can read Russian, which I cannot."
,Not Recommended,519190,33771755,Posted: 24 July,all,nJoy.,BEST GAME EVER
76561197961260770,Not Recommended,519190,33786651,Posted: 25 July,all,Evolve,"Spawn - get cold - feel ill - lose health - try to find meds - found meds - feel ill again - get shot by some russian dude..This is the aboslute worst EA game out there, don't even buy it on sale."
,Not Recommended,519190,33735891,Posted: 22 July,all,Brunn,"A lot of it is in another language, and It ran poorly on my MSI gaming laptop which runs Arma 3 at 80fps constantIm not saying its bad, im just saying i dont like itI dont reccomend it"
,Not Recommended,519190,34281948,Posted: 16 August,all,BOT3RHAM,Depressing.
76561198405361385,Not Recommended,519190,33958190,Posted: 1 August,all,BottledWater,DONT BUY
,Not Recommended,519190,33808075,Posted: 26 July,all,OlafPawbelt,"*Hey make a shiftrifle, go to some place and get me some medicine and i give you this shirt*Getting sick and can't fuc-king use the medicine. Give that dr mengele look like the sh-it and getting my stupid shirt.*HEY go to the swamp and take this gasmask, i give you an AK and two magazine as a reward*.Going to the swamp and getting ra-ped by a fuc-king bear because my rifle shooting peas.game of the year 10/10.OlafPawbelt - Was so fun so i wanted a refundIf you like it so fine, but i found this game worse than fuc-king testiclar cancer"
76561197972086194,Not Recommended,519190,33730135,Posted: 22 July,all,Shaftoe,Horrible game.  Reviews are scammy.
76561198206327876,Not Recommended,519190,33850949,Posted: 28 July,all,mccoytyler21,horrible
,Not Recommended,519190,33766280,Posted: 24 July,all,stabbone,"walked around, got bored.click exit gameexit: 14 secondswait patiently 14 secondsnothing happens.uninstall, request refund, thx."
76561198408056639,Not Recommended,519190,33787737,Posted: 25 July,all,williamfreeasair,"interesting game, just a shame that every re spawn you loose every bit of gear unless its been stored. sucks in the case of a hazmat suit. new to pc gaming though, this may be a typical thing?"
76561198102927953,Not Recommended,519190,33796387,Posted: 25 July,all,sledgehammer37,Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!! THIS GAME IS SO BAD I CANT STAND I LOST 8 ♥♥♥♥ING DOLLARS!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!                                                                                                                      *$7.50Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!!Dont waste your $$$$MONEY$$$$$$$!!!!!!*$7.50
76561198029258032,Not Recommended,519190,33733123,Posted: 22 July,all,Poor Leno,Garbage
76561197995028672,Not Recommended,519190,33812888,Posted: 26 July,all,FEMIS,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IF YOU PLAY LEFT HANDED. I JUST WASTED MY MONEY! THIS NEEDS FIXING....URGENTLY!
76561198047595521,Not Recommended,519190,33692729,Posted: 21 July,all,Lenny,the game looks good rigth on the screenshots but dont get fooled by it this game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥for a game that was made in 2017.♥♥♥♥ you
,Not Recommended,519190,33685851,Posted: 20 July,all,★ROLLΞㄨKΞR,I don't like this game.
,Not Recommended,519190,33802526,Posted: 25 July,all,theefetus,lol
,Not Recommended,519190,33780008,Posted: 24 July,all,100% Hindi-Aryan-Warrior,Game is garbage got a refund after 11mins dont buy
76561198068003405,Recommended,519190,34734513,Posted: 4 September,all,Get Jahigly with it,did first quest was killed a guy calling me boy fingers so i refunded overall i would give it a bad game out of trash recommended.
,Recommended,519190,34745607,Posted: 4 September,all,Seiko,its ok
,Recommended,519190,34741555,Posted: 4 September,all,Ham_Burglair,The game video is very misleading. Not much to do in the game as of now. Dev's are quiet for a game in alpha.. However they have updates scheduled so I will recommend it.
76561198107586293,Recommended,519190,34410702,Posted: 22 August,all,fat,get out of here stalker.
,Recommended,519190,34766280,Posted: 5 September,all,WoTtankerBro,"Very nice, very unique game with a different style of gameplay and taste from most other games of its type. I mean, for $15 this game is a steal! The updates come slow but I think its a very small team of devs and their good to us so I don't mind it. Hours and hours and fun gameplay and sure it gets old after a while, but it'll always be there to come back to and its just a game that you can pick up and play for the most part. Couple of things like the crafting system seriously need polishing but for the most part its a very, very nice game. Five stars for dis boi! ヽ(͡◕ ͜ʖ ͡◕)ﾉ   (ง⌐□ل͜□)ง"
76561197999943608,Recommended,519190,34769145,Posted: 5 September,all,jk mao,Not bad at all.
,Recommended,519190,33688684,Posted: 20 July,all,[SLAV.ZONE] KoperatorDrone,"IF All Stalkers games and Dayz had an orgy, you would end up with this game, factions, Cheeki Breeki,camp fire songs, tourist delight cans and killing your own factions because you feel like it. This game does it all, even some military vehicules,cars,Madmax vehicules. I haven't been this happy since the zone."
76561197989831356,Recommended,519190,33687336,Posted: 20 July,all,syncridge,really fun game i like it better then just survive and dayz any day only thing missing are zombies it would be perfect to add undead
,Recommended,519190,33686212,Posted: 20 July,all,Deec0rd,"This game in it's current stateThere are some bugs, one server I played on an NPC was ""busy"" and wouldn't give out quests. I think of they focus on wues ts, adding more, making different style quests, making a loot rarity index this game will easily be a $60 game.I've enjoyed the 7 hours I've played today,Got shunned as a civilian , grinded my way back up to my factions good grace. All while making friends and riding around a truck with a 50 cal rifle on it."
,Recommended,519190,33779057,Posted: 24 July,all,gnarrlly,a better dayz for $7.50
,Recommended,519190,33778926,Posted: 24 July,all,My Summer Spider,"Vehicles,Rpg elements,PVE,single player?"
76561198325951050,Recommended,519190,33776718,Posted: 24 July,all,Tilly Farlake,If you go to a less crowded server and make friends to do the same missions with you it is a quite fun game!
,Recommended,519190,33758701,Posted: 23 July,all,Oddball,"-The game is reminiscent of STALKER and Metro games.-You are given missions and upon doing these missions you get new gear and weapons.-The map has subsections of the map that lead to other locations.-Currently Six vehicles in the game, easy to gather parts for, just need spark plug, battery and keys.-Plenty of clothing variants.-There are traders at outposts that you can trade items for food, weapons, medical and other supplies.Most BAD reviews are one sentence complaints that do not respect the entire game..For less than 8 dollars its DEFINITELY worth."
,Recommended,519190,33776173,Posted: 24 July,all,Wolf,"God I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, Stalker MMO..."
,Recommended,519190,33776124,Posted: 24 July,all,Treyg89,"Gotta say for the price it runs better than most other survival MMOs out there. Bought it last night and couldn't stop playing. Get on it now and try it out, it runs incredibly smooth for an EA game and has a fair bit to do in the world. Well done to the devs"
76561197964649651,Recommended,519190,33793987,Posted: 25 July,all,[SLAV.ZONE] ницек,Pretty good
76561198130149420,Recommended,519190,33789508,Posted: 25 July,all,R0PO,better than dayz
76561198031940964,Recommended,519190,33727636,Posted: 22 July,all,Krumpus2131,Awesome start! Keep it up. Remember your only goal is to survive.
,Recommended,519190,33722003,Posted: 22 July,all,dustman,Honestly I was really surprised how good the game actually is & the potential this game has.
,Recommended,519190,33735248,Posted: 22 July,all,an toothbrush,"People are correct when they say it's a mixture of PUBG and Dayz/Miscreated.  However, what makes this game different and a little bit better (imo) is the NPCs, Quests, Leveling-up, Storage and Factions.  And from a distance, you can see whether somebody is 1) in your faction 2) neutral 3) a traitor which helps you decide whether or not you want to pursue or back off.  Of course with all new games, especially PVP titles, you die to people with gear when you have nothing.  That's just how it goes, no matter what.  However, if you do the quests in the beginning and continue to do them, you will get gear and guns very quickly.  You are also able to store guns at either the safe zone or inside your faction compound.  Have a bunch of gear and don't want to lose it? Go store it.  If you die, go get it and you're happy again.  I really encourage people to give this game a shot.  It just released so there are some tedious things that certainly will be fixed, but in the meantime, they aren't ""gamebreaking"" issues.  Overall, get the game.  Play a minimum of two hours and if you don't like it, return it.  But play it long enough until you get gear and can explore."
76561197963213703,Recommended,519190,33734329,Posted: 22 July,all,Arf,Really impressed for the price. Already better than DayZ/H1Z1. This game has so much potential if the devs work hard.
,Recommended,519190,33734637,Posted: 22 July,all,Bleach,Pros:- You will get to a point where you kill anyone who has the same track suit as you.- You can Drift cars if you try hard enough.- Has potential but that really isnt saying much these days.Cons:- The graphic settings are in English but the quality you set them to is in Russian sorta confusing.- Same as many other games.
76561198272910892,Recommended,519190,33732205,Posted: 22 July,all,ondraremen,"I really like this game, but I have problem with car respawning. Everytime I quit to menu, my car is on place where I found it and fuel and trunk is empty :/"
,Recommended,519190,33732277,Posted: 22 July,all,Szentii,"Nice game, for 6,74 euros totally worth it especially if you love the STALKER atmosphere. Graphics look pretty nice, also didn't have a single crash/connection drop. There are PVE servers too, so don't need to worry about the PvP-ers."
76561198011291374,Recommended,519190,33714376,Posted: 22 July,all,xAUBERSTAR,"So i met this russian in the safezone who was bleeding, i patched this poor guy up and he thanked me in a poorly broken english. He continoued with his quest going to the swamp, followed him,♥♥♥♥♥♥on that kid and felt bad afterwards...10/10 would kill again"
76561198271103140,Recommended,519190,33715557,Posted: 22 July,all,Eric2k,So far this game is good but not great. Yes it needs work but the devs promise all this work to the game and they promise more things to do.I have seen people talk about the graphics and saying they are bad but its okay. The devs are working on a new engine so that means the game will look good.I hate the fact a lot of people hate on this game so hard already. Like give it time to show what it can do I can bet money that in a month this game will be better than it is now.
76561198141256017,Recommended,519190,33756494,Posted: 23 July,all,RussianDragonGamer,"Really fun game as of now, still needs a lot of work but that is to be expected for a recently released game. It has a lot of potential, and shares some similarities with other games such as DayZ, Rust, and other open world PVP games. Really nice character models, decent graphics, and really good third-person combat. I'd recommend the game as is, but for those who expect a lot of out a game; it is best to just wait until more updates arrive."
76561198073436020,Recommended,519190,33759202,Posted: 23 July,all,Connor,"This game is like a cheap ps2 version of escape to tarkov. The game is incredibly solid and very fun, but it lacks the polish of a higher end title. That said, the game is 10$ so you shouldnt be expecting AAA quality. The fun is multiplied exponentially when you get freinds on board, so convince them to shell out the 10$ entry fee and you will have a blast. Gunplay is solid and fun, the economy is great and it's easy to make money off of scavenged gear. The faction system is probably the best and most innovative feature of this game. There is a very solid game here, I have pretty high hopes for this one."
76561198146152326,Recommended,519190,33759016,Posted: 23 July,all,habtenx,i love how u make the game feel real its great but at times its not great. i mean if u or i get food piosoning its over in a day or so and not fatal but in game iv found it a death sentence if im far from a setelment and no way to cure it all u can do is run and hope rather then just eat good food drink water and puke it up..but maybe u can and i havent wasted the resorces to fight threw it. now on the hand of realizem u eat 1 bad thing and u got food piosoning but u have to shoot a wolf 3 times in the head to kill it. if u want to go realizem go all the way 1 shot to a head is dead dont make us waste 4-5 rounds killing something dumb like a wolf shot in the head. also please add in more knives then the one from the first quest i died like a scrub to the wolf cuz i didnt bother to expoler the earea and find the pistol all in all i say its a solid game just a bit hard to get into with out a few static drops and possibly a lock on system if u entend to have them fight the wolf with the only knife they can get
,Recommended,519190,33757713,Posted: 23 July,all,SniffyBacon,This game has potential. Quite addicted so far. Kinda like DayZ in nuclear apocalyptic era with realistic atmosphere. Please don't expect the best at this moment beacuse it's still an early access.Some menu options still in russian. The game take so long to start up at the first time. Can not access the personal storage is making the game quite difficult.  Other than that it's good never come accross lag glitch or any game freeze. Last thing there's NO ZOMBIE in this game.
,Recommended,519190,33758435,Posted: 23 July,all,TnuocEht,"Its not the best, but ya can't beat that price."
,Recommended,519190,33758459,Posted: 23 July,all,Spam McNello,"Really interesting game atmosphere wise, if you're a fan of slow paced survival until you get into a lose-it-all adrenaline fueled high stakes firefight, you ought to give this $10 survival game a go. Much smaller map than DayZ, but big enough that you don't feel boxed in, there are story quests to focus on that give you rewards like currency or weapons, and an in game economy where you can sell your looted items to buy survival gear. There is also a very rewarding morality and faction system that will make sure you are getting your due diligence for killing bandits or killing civilians, respectively. In my 2 hour session, I got caught in the middle of 3 separate firefights, killed 6 wolves, and killed 3 rowdy bandits. The majority of players are friendly, but are well worth shooting for their gear. It's like STALKER and Escape From Tarkov had a charming clunky baby. Solid 7/10 survival game, better than DayZ:S in its current state, and well worth the price."
,Recommended,519190,33772227,Posted: 24 July,all,Alurker02,Amazing! Realistic and a different take on survival games. Great community and highly recommend
76561198067396178,Recommended,519190,33795591,Posted: 25 July,all,Dominguez,"I like it a lot devildogg gamer brought me here, and i must say his review is spot on. Very Stalker like, if this thing gains steam and they keep at it, it will be great"
76561198078553501,Recommended,519190,33793643,Posted: 25 July,all,Skiz0 #Recruiting,If you are a fan of stalker this is the game for you guys imagine a refined stalker in 3rd person with craffting system THIS GAME WILL become a classic I can see this alreadyKeep up the good job Devs LOVING it so far! :)scraping all my spare time into this game :D
,Recommended,519190,33794976,Posted: 25 July,all,swegdaddymack,"It's pretty damn hard, but stay the ♥♥♥♥ away from bears."
76561198364031553,Recommended,519190,33794300,Posted: 25 July,all,Lightning Mcqueer,Bought the game for me and 2 other people. So worth the money.
,Recommended,519190,33805032,Posted: 26 July,all,Kronos,For the price cant beat the gameplay. Good loot shooter with stalker feel.
76561198184803510,Recommended,519190,33798436,Posted: 25 July,all,Боевой инженер,You should purchase if you have time to read reviews
76561198153160764,Recommended,519190,33798603,Posted: 25 July,all,JukeBoxHero,it is on the right path..time will tell
76561198042119433,Recommended,519190,33735384,Posted: 22 July,all,Gator13 (nosound),"EARLY ACCESSwhich means what?  that it is not finished.  you are paying for something that is in development and may or MAY NOT ever be finished.  does the game look interesting to you?  then buy it, but only do so if you want to see and be a part of the development and get an early experience playing it.  if you're skeptical, have patience and wait a while longer to see how it turns out.  a few months from now it could be the biggest thing on steam, or the most disappointing.===I recommend this game in its current Early Access state for $10.  Within the first days they pushed out an update that fixed a few issues, meaning at the moment the dev team is working on it.Are there problems with the game?  Yes.Does it look rough around the edges?  Yes.Does the development team have a long road ahead of them?  I believe so.IS THE GAME FUN?  YES.  Even if I die, I am excited to start over and see how long I can stay alive before I die again.For $10, I don't see why you wouldn't want to try it out.  Fans of DayZ and STALKER will surely appreciate it.  Being a STALKER fan, I know I do."
,Recommended,519190,33797876,Posted: 25 July,all,Daedra_Karagatzu,"А ну, чики-брики и в дамки!""Another early access survival title?"" - Yup! You've got that right. Good one too.*Easy to find loot*Quests*Factions and Faction Warefare*Good Atmosphere*Very reminiscent of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. (Plays like Stalker, DayZ, H1Z1, & PUBG's)Oh, and...It's Sevenfiddy."
,Recommended,519190,33797771,Posted: 25 July,all,Phill Collins,"So far in early access  its pretty good. Has quest to do and plenty of players to talk to. I only wish that the game was first person and had a smoother frame late. But this game being Early Access, I can only hope for these things in the future. Really worth 7.49 on sale, and Id even say 10 dollar price."
,Recommended,519190,33797972,Posted: 25 July,all,✪ Zefuel,"Very, Lovely, Game i really enjoy the Optimization, The Graphics and i really recommend this game.."
76561198058067163,Recommended,519190,33684740,Posted: 20 July,all,timhawkins92,"Graphics Settings; Overall Quality, Texture Quality     Seems to be in Russian...Bleeding to death with no warning.Russian doctor seems to always be busy?Using the action button is like trying to find the sweet spot on surgeon simulator.Can't seem to find water but always thirsty.Who would run into the woods half naked with a backpack and a map and nothing else."
76561197979820843,Recommended,519190,33685260,Posted: 20 July,all,clixgamer,Very solid gameplay for a budget Early Access title. I am cheering for this one.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0eUirOEK97s
76561198064765159,Recommended,519190,33684815,Posted: 20 July,all,Wee Man,"I haven't came across any major issues with the game, so I don't see no reason to not recommend it, especially for the price. Probably get more bang for your buck buying this than wasting it on the likes of DayZ, but that's a story for another time."
,Recommended,519190,33815111,Posted: 26 July,all,Slaanesh-Bait,"THIS REVIEW IS WRITTEN FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE LOOKING AT IT FOR ITS SINGLEPLAYER.As stated above This is a review of the SP part of the game as my internet is currently slow as asss and MP is out the question.Pro- Animations for practically everything and are of very good quality.- Scavenging feels fun and most of the time had me going ""oooh I need that"" , I wonder what is over there , and there , and there (etc)- Firearms require the actual firearm itself as well as a magazine and appropriate ammunition to use which makes keeping your magazines fully loaded and on you as you scavenge a priority and something you need to consider before getting into a fire fight with the NPC's- Game has potential and has a hybrid feel of Stalker and Dayz to it.- I oddly enjoyed stockpilling guns /ammo and clothes for what ever reason. ( possibly I am some part magpie )Cons-♥♥♥♥ all to do outside of hunt / explore and scavenge- Barely any fire fights unless you know where to find millitary spawn points but even then you need to be quite heavily armed for these encounters.- Very limited amount of quests at the moment.- Food and hunger decrease really quickly in my opinion- only real threats are wolves and the occasinal fur tank. ( see google search for ""bears"" )I reccomend this game mostly for its potential , currently it is a proof of concept in my eyes. It gives us a glimpse into the vision the devs are going for and I like it alot. Personally for singleplayer I would add NPC patrols of all factions and the occasianol hot zone where there is a fire fight going on between them that we can join in or watch and scavenge later.I would also like wolves to be in packs but not take 6-8 makarov rounds to the face to kill each.Maybe also make Shotguns more effective and reduce the spawn chance of firearms."
76561198096492256,Recommended,519190,33817128,Posted: 26 July,all,Evil Commando,"This game has ""THAT"" atmosphere. I just love the game, its a bit rough around the edges but just an amzanig ♥♥♥♥ing game. TO DEVS if you read this: So many good things in this game, I wish you have like 20 000 000 euro to invest in this game, not to change the core but to develop the game.P.S.Can you change inventory so that when we press sort that the game sorts things and puts same things one after another. Can you remove clips from game and make it so that there are only bulets in invenoty and each type stack up to 100. Can you ofc make 1st person view so that we can swich. I know that this last thing could take alot of work but would be great for the game, and ofc you know that. Do these 3 things and I will buy 3 copies of the game on steam and gift it to random people. :D"
,Recommended,519190,33817536,Posted: 26 July,all,Bryce,"The game is what I always wanted a survival game to be, good community (so far), missions, challenging AI that are better than most of the players but arn't completely broken, factions and some crafting and cooking. Basicly this is a really good version of escape from tarkov, but with poor graphics."
,Recommended,519190,33818355,Posted: 26 July,all,mG.Temping,Really good game
76561198313108357,Recommended,519190,33822067,Posted: 26 July,all,MrApexAlpha,"This game is still incomplete, but the fact that it is in early acces gives this game a lot of potential. I have encountered very few bugs, but I can't say the same for everyone. There are some gameplay issues, for example, the faction system, ai, animals, and environment, but i can see these being fixed easily. Some additions I would want to see are graphical improvements, sound design, more items, more maps, and maybe a steam workshop. Generally, this game needs to be played with friends and if you have none to play this with, its is extremely easy to make some in this. This game has a lot of potential and I really want to see the developers take this game to a whole new level."
76561198020363015,Recommended,519190,33822777,Posted: 26 July,all,rkrams1989,"Requires more time, the start needs more items to spawn to maek it easier on noobs like me.Will revisit.Also more variety in character creation, would also recommend adding woman, and mutants too as options, the game needs more variety and color there."
76561198154396371,Recommended,519190,33821392,Posted: 26 July,all,Pure Metro,One of the best survival games I have seen in awhile. I can see this having some great potential if done right.
76561198131416484,Recommended,519190,33821375,Posted: 26 July,all,The_Baba_Yaga,"Me and my friend are equipt with AK47s and Gasmasks patroling the woods. Sit down for a break, start a campfire. A bear mauled me to death. My friend open fires killing it. This game is awesome. If you wanted a Metro Open world mmorpg. THIS IS IT."
76561198130412263,Recommended,519190,33822464,Posted: 26 July,all,Spoogledinki,"For early access, 10/10 game for sure. Yes, there are some bugs, but the devs are on them and I am sure will fix them. IF they keep working at this game and do not drop it, could probably be one of the best survival games on steam, considering its unique and not like DayZ or H1Z1."
76561198054671946,Recommended,519190,33823572,Posted: 26 July,all,Stormz23,"Very well priced for the content, no crashes or glitches I saw and overall a fun game made by devs that seem to care."
76561197989700252,Recommended,519190,33814934,Posted: 26 July,all,RainmaN,"In case you enjoyed S.t.a.l.k.e.r. or you’re interested in the east European post-apocalyptic scenario, you won’t regret spending ~7€ on this one here.In contrast to all these **** running around like mindless chicken, buying games although not being able to READ AND UNDERSTAND the meaning of two simple words (“early access”), I do clearly recommend to buy this game!"
76561198088837952,Recommended,519190,33814430,Posted: 26 July,all,mr.yarbles,"Pros:SMall map means loot dosn't cause too much slowdownVery easy to group up with peopleThe traitor system makes it so there isn't too much killing between those in the same factionGame seems fleshed out already and going in positive directionHavn't experienced chopiness, lag, etc.Cons:Still some server side issues with getting logged out etc.Quest lines are almost non existentSmall map (Although I understand why, it seems like they are making a smart decision with load on servers)No group chatnpcs seem to not respawnOverall for an early acess game this is pretty impressive although it seems like it needs work but the devs seem active.... I appreciate the fact that they are keeping things mostly contained so they can fix issues ( Just an observation, could be wrong) I await to see what they do when it become more fleshed out"
,Recommended,519190,33816912,Posted: 26 July,all,Baka,very fun
76561198061926556,Recommended,519190,33835367,Posted: 27 July,all,watcher,cheeki breeki
,Recommended,519190,33835891,Posted: 27 July,all,Beck,It's okay
,Recommended,519190,33834979,Posted: 27 July,all,Rambow145,Just about the Best Game for $7 Usd  I have played hours Many things to do in this game and The skilling up is very nice too.  The sounds are spot on! I went to the pond to fill up my water bottle and the sound it makesis like take a bottle and stick in some water and let it fill up thats the sound you hear! and taking the cap off the bottle sounds so real too!  Oh and if you get cold get some stick and make a fire and sit by or stand by it your guy will hold his hands out and warm up.  The Quests are fun too.  So much I could talk about And you will find so many helpful players in the game that will help you get started.   This to me is game is not to hard and not to easy it's how you make it thats how hard it will be!
76561198018117360,Recommended,519190,33835693,Posted: 27 July,all,laracheur,"already one of the most excellent game i've played : co-op, inline, solo...wonderful, dangerous landscapes. freedom and details. worth the price for sure."
,Recommended,519190,33835734,Posted: 27 July,all,SirKinzington,"Wow what can i say about this game to be perfectly honest for the price i was doubtful i would enjoy it that much.But the game is just so much fun and highly addicting, i've met some cool groups who have been nothing but helpful and of course their are those that will not be helpful and most likely kill you but that just adds to the suspense of the game, Yes there are a few bugs with it but that is to be expected in Early Access but honestly what a great game Last Level have made keep up the great work and i look forward to what is to come."
76561198202881229,Recommended,519190,33835880,Posted: 27 July,all,feroplaygames,Love the aspect of the game also it has a very good potential to be an exsellent survival game.Put in mind it is EA game so expecting in the next updates to recover the bugs and add more features.Good job Devs and waiting for your next step.1- Stakable same items.2- First person view3- Hot change items from bagback and the character items.4- A mark for the body after death at least for some time.Thank you
76561198005844149,Recommended,519190,33833996,Posted: 27 July,all,Braw Lad,"Part of me doesn't want to recommend this game...but I couldn't justify that. It's a good game, it can just be frustrating at times.You have access to weapons early on, but they almost do no damage. I shot a wolf 8 times with a pistol and it kept biting me, even hitting it with an axe, the beast just continues to attack unaffected. Same with bears. I did the first few quests and ended up collecting some decent clothing and a couple of guns, new backpack, etc. and ended up being killed by a bear and losing it all. I respawned and decided to go venture out and see if I could find the gear I dropped...but it wasn't there. And on top of that, items don't seem to respawn...so basically you will loot a place and get killed in a ridiculous manner and lose everything. You CAN store it in a safe zone, but I find that having to run back to a safe zone isn't so practical. Maybe I'm doing something wrong.Since I was so early in the game I figured I'd just start fresh. Well that isn't going to happen. I tried to make a different character and everything and I couldn't start fresh. That's more than a little annoying. Right now I'm not enjoying that game as much as I was thinking I would, but it still has potential to be a great survival game."
76561198160325490,Recommended,519190,33825763,Posted: 26 July,all,✪ Slim,"Overall a very entertaining experience, but with a few quircks that need to be worked out. The game has potential but still has a ways to go. In my opinion the game is definetly worth the price at the moment, but again needs improvement before any type of price increasePro:-Very addictive-Simple-Solid FPS Performance-fairly intuative-Combat is fun-weapons are not hard to come by-animations are very impressive-Grouping and finding freinds is easy and simpleCons:-Some machnics need explination (but are pretty easy to pick up)-NPC's are very bullet spongey-NPC's are extremley accurate and rarley miss- some most rifles can be slightly inconsistant at range (even whilst tapping)-Not much cover in some areas where NPC are encountered- Weapon ammunition can be very buggy- Loot is very exploitableSuggestions:-Server events such as NPC Raids or Factions Skirmishes/Battles-Add more random bits of cover around city outskirts-Add large cities-Buff shotgun range-Reduce bullet spread on some rifles"
76561198016675511,Recommended,519190,33806242,Posted: 26 July,all,Entropy,"Alpha Impression: (Single Mode)Pros:-has the nice, Slavic atmosphere akin to STALKER and similar genre of games-shooting feels nice and there are some decent options for weapons; ammo isn't too hard to come by-has hydration/nutrition system for those that like this aspect in survival games-an alright variety of attire to customize your look to some extentCons:-lots of running. Distances are far and you'll spend at least two to three minutes with you finger on the sprint key just to get from one populated base to another, and a lot of the stuff in between is empty wilderness that's pretty boring. Though I know there are vehicles that can fix this issue, early game you're still reliant on your feet. The lack of creatures, human or animal, is another factor that makes the trips uneventful.-inventory space; (mostly a personal preference here, as I'm a hoarder and I find that i am often low on space when I try to pick up everything I see. This is somewhat mitigated by the existence of a fairly large personal storage area, but it's in the form of a vendor who isn't at the temp base where your character spawns in. This makes dropping off loot a chore, given the aforementioned distances)-not a terribly large variety of food/items/weapons, but this is a minor issue that I imagine will be easily fixed by the implementation of more content in future updates-not a large amount of stuff to loot; there are only 5-6 major areas with buildings and the rest is wilderness. I dunno if stuff respawns, but I usually don't find much to take when I go scavenging. That said, this is a post-apoc scenario, so of course the shelves wouldn't be super stocked. I still would like to find a tad bit more though. Maybe just 50% would be sufficient.Overall, the experience was a good one. Despite all the running and early fetch quests, I didn't feel put off by the environment and world, and I certainly would enjoy it much more once more content is released (including other maps). I have yet to try the servers with other players, but I imagine that will add another dynamic to the game, hopefully for the better. This review is mostly for those people who want a more personal experience without the issue of dealing with KOSers or griefers."
76561198022877151,Recommended,519190,33817481,Posted: 26 July,all,gamerghost,"As a big fan of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series, this game is a must play. The atmosphere is great, and the survival mechanics are well done. Their not super difficult or realistic, but you do have to eat, drink, be aware of unhealthy foods, and avoid the cold. The combat is suitably difficult, death can come very quickly, but that's also true of your apponents. Overall a great game for earrly access, with potential to be an excellent full release!"
76561197996267468,Recommended,519190,33817586,Posted: 26 July,all,Wiziii,After 8 Hours in this game i can say it's just awesome. I am looking forward to some new content. Of course there is still some work to do for the devs.
76561198320649889,Recommended,519190,33819014,Posted: 26 July,all,Myshytricks,"It's cheap, and fun. Good fps, and looks pretty decent. That's all there is to say."
,Recommended,519190,33819167,Posted: 26 July,all,Adolf Shitler,its like stalker with multiplayer aka its a very good game
76561198075789252,Recommended,519190,33818886,Posted: 26 July,all,ZenMaster,"Well i have been playing this game for the last 2 days, and i am hooked!! Graphics are nice, gameplay awesome, and with the open world i really love. Wish the map was a bit bigger, but i saw the devs plan on adding some more content, i really hope they continue on this game, it has a lot of potential."
76561198135289743,Recommended,519190,33815515,Posted: 26 July,all,TisLeros,great potential
76561198087719367,Recommended,519190,33840425,Posted: 27 July,all,Pewp,"Good game for early access, its what an early access should be, please add SA Servers"
76561198011543608,Recommended,519190,33861952,Posted: 28 July,all,Lord Grantham,best game in genre
,Recommended,519190,33857906,Posted: 28 July,all,Jeti,- started the game with friend- found a russian squad giving us starter gear- russian squad leader calls me friend- doing some quests- became a looter- russian squad pulls up with tank- 10 guys jump out and unload their guns on us- ded10/10 would get my heart broken again    :v(... they were civilians ..... fak civilians!
,Recommended,519190,33864519,Posted: 28 July,all,Delightful,I cant get past the loading menu screen 10/10 ps someone add and help me with my issue
76561198213490097,Recommended,519190,33866872,Posted: 28 July,all,Raider,Well i like the idea  i love suvival games and i play lots of Dayz. The pvp could be better and first person would be nice buying it know would prob be a good idea cause some times games charge more in the future. Alos animal animations would be nice to LOL.
,Recommended,519190,33765493,Posted: 24 July,all,NightHawk,This game has a potential to be a great gamefor an early access game this game is stunning.
,Recommended,519190,33860535,Posted: 28 July,all,Kys,Fun to crack an open one with the bois 10/10
76561198085771271,Recommended,519190,33932004,Posted: 31 July,all,Clausewitz,"Its a wery good game, but need some progress. Wait if you want to see weher its going or buy it now and support them."
76561198006919620,Recommended,519190,33835793,Posted: 27 July,all,BoneS✅,Really nice game!
76561198059394069,Recommended,519190,33931711,Posted: 31 July,all,=(e)= Jimbo,>Start game for first time>spawn in neutral camp and begin with mild hypothermia>waddle around doing the beginner quests>kill a wolf with a kitchen knife>catch the ‘common cold’ and begin slowly dying>die while being consoled by a man in a bad Russian accent10/10 would die of cold again
76561198319479192,Recommended,519190,33935505,Posted: 31 July,all,mrL420,"great game, needs more content."
,Recommended,519190,33941386,Posted: 31 July,all,besigman,The first true survival game I've played. While this game is still early access the premise is simple...don't die. This means everything is working against you in this well designed game. My suggestion to new players would be to start off in PvE and work your way up before you reach a hang up in PvP that slows your progression. I just bought it last night and have been grinding in all my free time to progress my player in both vs modes. The price tag Makes this even better. Think Battlegrounds player unknown meets Rust exept not every player beats your head in with a rock in the first 5 minutes.
76561198177205701,Recommended,519190,33862293,Posted: 28 July,all,clandestino,good game and cheap
,Recommended,519190,33873974,Posted: 28 July,all,si senior,This game has more potential than DayZ Standalone.10/10 I F*cking love this game.
,Recommended,519190,33875445,Posted: 29 July,all,Alt-Right,i perfer this over escape from tarkov. this is how you do a multiplayer survival game.
,Recommended,519190,33875245,Posted: 29 July,all,The Hungarian,"Played a couple of hours of the game and im already loving it. It has so much potential, lets just hope it dosen't end up like DayZ did!"
76561198067716043,Recommended,519190,33871304,Posted: 28 July,all,My Name's Mark,pretty chill c00l game really g00d idea h0pe it gets g00d
76561198086833906,Recommended,519190,33914534,Posted: 30 July,all,Cpt. Fat Belly,"Game has great potential. Looking forward to watching it grow, So far worth the 9.99! Ill do a better review once I have more time in it."
,Recommended,519190,33915648,Posted: 30 July,all,Camzyi,Decent little game for such a low price. This could easily pass off as a £20 game. Definitely would recommend playing with some friends as well.
76561198069145245,Recommended,519190,33916060,Posted: 30 July,all,YZ250F,Next Day : Survival > Dayz Standalone
76561198053842853,Recommended,519190,33916086,Posted: 30 July,all,wayvee,"TLDR for PROS and CONS at the BOTTOMA game that I really enjoy playing. Even when I die I don't get mad, because the game itself runs very smooth and as such is very enjoyable to play, for me. I run this game on a toaster and in no other early access game has my game run this smooth with such clean crisp animations. If you check my profile Ive played pretty much every survival game to come out in the recent 2-4 years (dayz, 7 days, rust, nether, etc)and I'm very excited to see where this game will end up in a couple of years from now once they add more content and polish the game even more.This is an early access game so of course there are some bugs and buggy animations but for the most part everything works as intended and runs absolutely great. Other survival games should take note at what this studio is doing because this game just feels fantastic. This dev team is putting so many multi million dollar companies to shame with their very very early access rendition of their game.PROSfaction systemsmall map, easy to find action, etceasy to find loot, usuallyNPC AI is very niceeasy to learna lot of different gameplay stylesfreedom to do whatever you wantintense gun battlesgreat shooting mechanicsworking vehiclesworking badass helicopter that drops humanitarian aid packages that people fight overeasy to use group system with built in friendly fire for your friendsquestsgood array of weaponry to utilizestorage/trading systemcurrency systemCONSmap is kind of small, there could be more to loot but I'm sure they will add more as the game progressessome players are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and abuse certain gameplay things to get easy loots from playerssome features of the game are abusablethe animal AI leaves much to be desiredsometimes the enemy AI will shoot you when they shouldnt really be able toenemy AI has laser precise accuracy and usually will not missall in all I'm really enjoying this game and for 10 dollars I couldn't be happier to support this awesome dev team/company.   For the amount of content and enjoyment i've gotten out of it so far I would have gladly paid 20-25."
,Recommended,519190,33901842,Posted: 30 July,all,Teletuuub,Review on Next Day: SurvivalPros1. There is alot of fun if you have friends doing raids and scaveging [Can also be fun alone]2. NPC are good3. Cars and alot of stuff for being in early game development4. Game runs smoth even for a working computer that goes to 25-40 fps5. Alot off servers6. Diffrent gamemodes for diffrent Styles7. 3 diffrent Factions to play as Traitor / Looter / Civilian8. Very great for being a 3rd person only game!Cons1. NPCs are OP as crap ( Got aimbot )2. Finding friends server takes from 1-30 min (ALOT of searching)3. Cars are buggy when you walk into them4. Cant refill cars (Only happens sometimes)I rate ★★★★★✩ 5/6I really recommend this game even if you dont like 3rd person games and you can refund it if you have played under 2 hours so giving it a try wont kill you.Btw this is my first real review
76561198042437784,Recommended,519190,33915146,Posted: 30 July,all,Vedi,9/10 . Would Slav again
,Recommended,519190,33906170,Posted: 30 July,all,Sandman,Layout of game is great! Having the factions and quests adds a perfect twist to the survival game genre. The possibilities for this game are almost endless.
76561197985893174,Recommended,519190,33906207,Posted: 30 July,all,Coolake,"At first I thought, why not, it's only $7,50 I didn't really expect much for which it's a typical apocalyptic survival game... so I launched up the game and didn't know what to do... so I did a few quests and then I found a friend, we hung out together in the game and got really good weapons, what I'm trying to say is that this game is no ordinary survival game, yeh sure there's a hunger system but what you do right, is there are 3 factions... civs, neutrals and Looters, ofc I chose to be a civ, and I bloody enjoyed it! It's really easy to get guns! You can buy guns and basically anything you want and so you can raid the other faction, everytime I hop on I find some really cool guys, we go on loot runs and kill the enemy faction, this game should be worth way more than the other money grab survival games, I only bought this game a few days ago and already clocked on 12 hours!! I super reccomend this game!! Everyone is super nice and when you see someone you haven't even seen before but they are on your faction, ask them to go for a loot run or something! Get friends on the server and eventually lead your own army to the enemy faction and steal their goodies!!!!!"
76561198123954824,Recommended,519190,33904471,Posted: 30 July,all,blitz,Legitimately the best early access game I've ever bought.  It's like a version of Day Z that actualy works mixed with Vanilla WOW.  Buy it and give it a try it's $10 get a grip kid.
,Recommended,519190,33903373,Posted: 30 July,all,boberto,community is aids tbh most are suffering from little man syndromefactions don't even matter as everyone just kills on sight anywaysyou also die after 10 minutes in the coldi'm pretty sure the titanic victims lasted longerand they were in the atlantic oceanother than that it's aight
76561198121776579,Recommended,519190,33920799,Posted: 30 July,all,Eric.hernandez,good game way simplier than dayz and tat♥♥♥♥♥♥just need some ppl that are active to play with
76561198054682566,Recommended,519190,33907757,Posted: 30 July,all,WS4U,"This is the only game where four men with gas masks and chemical protection suits can drive away from a bear on Oka (Vaz 1111). You can explore abandoned villages. You can kill wolfes with a knife, an axe, your own hands, everything you want. It is rather cold in the game, so you need to wear ""treniki"" and ""kurtka"". This things will make you true ""gopnik"", then you will be able to ""otjimat'"" hand watches from caps. Moreover, there is the Gauss-Gun in this game.I believe, that Next Day: Survival achieve ten ""kosarey"" out of ten.-Я кошу твою ... траву!- Заткнись! Заткнись!"
,Recommended,519190,33912052,Posted: 30 July,all,SWOOD,alot of more freindly commuinty. vary fun four hours
,Recommended,519190,33907279,Posted: 30 July,all,DragonFarts,This game is great.PROS:Pretty good optimization.Lots of weaponsFactionsQuestsSkills that level upgrouping system where you can see teammates on the map.armor actually worksanimations for everythingCONSLacking contentI have done pretty much everything in 30 hours.
,Not Recommended,519190,33792982,Posted: 25 July,all,SalçalıCaner🔪,The game freezes on the character loading screen.Does anyone know the fix it?
76561198027183459,Recommended,519190,33838630,Posted: 27 July,all,silentangel,"This is the first time i have ever brought a early release game ,always thought they were a rip off never completed.But i thought for once igive this game a go .Well how wrong can you be this game is AWESOME,If the devs dont abadon it this will be a WINNER.Great game love it"
,Recommended,519190,33816032,Posted: 26 July,all,1K-01 James A.,"For being about 8 US Dollars this is one of the best survival games, for me I haven't experienced any bugs and everything is running very smooth, this is good because this game is very early access and I can't wait until the next update."
,Recommended,519190,33836575,Posted: 27 July,all,Raven,Pro's1. Good animations2. Good loot3. Good weapons4. Good quality5. Quests6. Good looting places7. Survival aspects8. StorageCon's1. Small map2. Small ammount of players for 1 server
76561198184550254,Recommended,519190,33703310,Posted: 21 July,all,The MOULDER,"I am supporting this game. The possibilites are endless. This game could leave Day Z and others in the dust. With the proper support, credit and patience. We all are aware of the power our opinions and voices hold. Let us not take advantage of that awareness and use it for unnecessary negativity, or maybe as a sick way to boosts your own ego. Great game.....THIS IS PROOF OF THAThttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIR4XsAuXAA"
76561198103594415,Recommended,519190,33800890,Posted: 25 July,all,BoocePouncer,Super fun! Honestly this shows more potential than most survival type games out there!
76561198065438790,Recommended,519190,33806626,Posted: 26 July,all,VIKING,so far this game is really enjoyable and for the price its well worth it.
76561197972842930,Recommended,519190,33926726,Posted: 31 July,all,Igor,"Very early development with bugs.  However, it captures what many other games could not.  This includes combining questiong, looting, stashing, pvp, pve, and survival.  If you like all of those elements then its definately worth a try.  It can only get better as they add and fix more features."
,Recommended,519190,33929100,Posted: 31 July,all,Tokanber,Eğlenceli bir oyun şuanda bir kaç eksiği var ama ilerde düzelirse efsane oyun olur
,Recommended,519190,33926225,Posted: 31 July,all,GLaDOS,It is great fun to play. Im loveing it. :D
76561198002812841,Recommended,519190,33926409,Posted: 31 July,all,RofCast,"Well worth the money, just beware if you're soloing. It will take a lot of patience or luck to overcome the players and environment."
,Recommended,519190,33920092,Posted: 30 July,all,Frost,Amazing Game buy IT NOW !!
13875983758175178,Recommended,519190,33920160,Posted: 30 July,all,N. Konrad,Mutiplayer Stalker need i say more?
76561198071571337,Recommended,519190,33920025,Posted: 30 July,all,Houdiner,This game is pretty good for 10 dollars it could use some more content such as quests for looters and civlians. I feel like everyone would like to see the map increase and server sizes increase. The bears and wolves should be nerfs because a wolve killed me when i was attacking it with an iron pipe... makes no sense. Make the people talk in english. I know this is asking alot for this game but with it being more popular i think it can get done. Overall this game is amazing.
,Not Recommended,519190,33963274,Posted: 1 August,all,Yolo Swaginson,"Actually terrible. The only reason why (that I can see) this game is being compared to Metro and Stalker series is because it's a russian made game. It's got weird animations, horrible gameplay."
,Recommended,519190,33963661,Posted: 1 August,all,TALIXAN,"So i have like 20+ hours into the game. its very fun but some people are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in the factions. They are working on fix for the nade bug atm give em time. But after 20 hours im so geared. my bank is full of good loot and there just isnt much to do in the game anymore forreal. I roam to try and find people to kill but hard to find people most of the time. the ai are easy to kill and its pretty much nothing else for me to do. Can do military bunker runs but not really fun considering i have like all the gear. The game has been very fun though, But im getting kinda bored of it now. I know its early alpha and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Im expecting more from this game in the future. The animations and player movement and everything is nice. Just want an autorun key. other than all that games pretty good."
,Recommended,519190,33938865,Posted: 31 July,all,PCP,"found a truck, got a cannister and filled it with fuel, naked noob stole my cannister, shot him in the back of his head with my svd...10/10, would get traitor status again for people stealing my♥♥♥♥♥♥.."
76561198349574407,Recommended,519190,33962277,Posted: 1 August,all,DrPhilMD,"This game is way beyond a $10 value! Very fun, great animations, great guns, great clothing, good map! Would like to see a bit of a larger map with bigger servers. Love the game!"
76561198033285935,Not Recommended,519190,33962390,Posted: 1 August,all,walker_gillies,This Game is absolute ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. Three quests in they send you to a clinic outside the base were a bunch of no life♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bags kos you. ♥♥♥♥ing trash game wish you could get your money back. Don't waste yours
,Recommended,519190,33962516,Posted: 1 August,all,JÆGER,"Its a great Game, love to play it with friends, needs some fixes and performance patches. But its fun to play. Just keep up the work and stay on the game, dont let it down like DayZ"
,Recommended,519190,33963318,Posted: 1 August,all,Alduin L. Hearth,"CHEEKI BREEKI! If you love Boris and squatting like a Slav, BUY THIS NOW!"
,Recommended,519190,33965461,Posted: 2 August,all,Captain Claw,"So far so good. There's certain things I would like to be changed (item descriptions, maybe the gun mechanics...) all minimal stuff..."
76561198008747510,Recommended,519190,33975741,Posted: 2 August,all,Crusader75,"Good game for the price and very playable still being an earlier, by the moment only one map but very big. Obviously inspired in the Stalker universe, people that played the Stalker saga will like this game. A bit hard to survive in the enveironment, some people is focused on the newbies to kill them and loot all the things you have. I miss a way to find my friends to share the same game/map and play together. It is very difficult or impossible to join a friend to play together, I hope developers will solve this soon. Bought two games to play with my son but we can't join the same server/map.I think the game will become better. Good work developers!!!."
,Recommended,519190,34531494,Posted: 27 August,all,rhyme,"Annoying thing is or what i came across is people camping the safe zones and not only the safe zones the missions on he map have sometimes 3 guys waiting for you and will probally KOS you if they see you. The EU server feels like a RU server i feel like the only people playing on EU are russians. I know that KOS is in almost every Survival game (DayZ etc) but when you're doing a mission and you get killed you have to do everything from the mission over again.. which can sometimes be pretty frustrating when you've been trying for the 6th time. Besides all this it's an awesome and in my opinion worth the money, this game is basically the multiplayer of S.T.A.L.K.E.R and if you loved that game this game is for you :). I recommend this trying out with some friends!"
76561198198027291,Recommended,519190,34421304,Posted: 22 August,all,Reichsführer,">join match>go to a radioactive swamp with gas mask on to procure documents>gets killed by random guy>tell the other guys back at base I just got shot in the back>they form a hunting party and go after him and get my♥♥♥♥♥♥back10/10Hopefully it wont stay in alpha forever. However beware the AI. The AI in this game is to the point where even taking 2 on is pretty hard, they can hit with dead accuracy from a long distance.Also, they need to tweak the traitor status. Either make the time penalty (1hr30min) less, or allow us to visit our storage as a traitor. Especially when its not entirely clear whether you get a penalty for every civilian you kill, or if your timer restarts when you die/log off"
76561198013234429,Recommended,519190,34443774,Posted: 23 August,all,Piotr Banasiak,"Be me :Loot 12mm ammo - sell it for 250. Loot another building ... and find 12mm gun :D, luckily it had 2 slugs - enough to kill a wolf.Sit.2 - Be me - loot a village -  have to go afk - logout, login after hour  to end in  a toxic fog. Die.Sit. 3 - Find military stash near bunker -  find Dragunov with 10bullets :DSit. 4 Find working car at the far end of the map. Drive to civilan camp, (luckily i unloaded trunk - moved stuff to shopkeeper). Logout at 1st september (with car). Login at 31st August without a car :DOh well, its early access, so such bugs will occur. Apart that - game deserves those cash. Its Lightweight with twisted sense of  humor :) Love it.One review said something like that - Russian Life Simulator... there is something in it :) but it seems that Russian's lives are in early access :DCan't wait for update :)"
,Recommended,519190,34047502,Posted: 5 August,all,^3FITZER,my first time making a review because i feel like this game deserves to be tried.. and for its price it is a steal... first off it can be a little difficult trying to build up your stock and having to fight a bear with a knife but once the grind is over you can really focus on quests and saving weapons for you immenent death so that you dont have to grind again. fighting seems very difficult but from over five hours of playing single mode i can safely say you will not be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥every few seconds by NPCS even though they very strong... all i can say is if you prepare for the worst you will do just fine and the loot system may seem generous at times but i can assure you saving them or selling them will go a long way if you die. definetly worth the price and it runs great. My PC is a Potato and it runs smooth as F
,Recommended,519190,34046355,Posted: 5 August,all,"Sire ""Sarge"" Uri",To my Suprise this game did awesome. it is has the feel of stalker and mechanics and quest lines that lead you around. PVP is life and use the AK
,Recommended,519190,34048039,Posted: 5 August,all,Pyronax,"I can't help but notice the striking similarities between this and s.t.a.l.k.e.r. shadow of chernobyl, but all in all it is an awesome game and i can't wait to see how it progresses, lots of potential indeed."
,Recommended,519190,34043001,Posted: 5 August,all,Finna Make A Killin,this game is alot of fun for what stae its at in the game and it definitely has a future ahead of it i highly recommend this game worth the money
76561198179264287,Recommended,519190,34048308,Posted: 5 August,all,Retinah,Next Day: Survival is a fun survival game with a faction system that is very enjoyable. Ive had a great time so far and look foward to playing more in the future.
,Recommended,519190,34049851,Posted: 5 August,all,WolfieBlood,"Great game just a bit hard and needs more work, as expected since it's early access. The only thing i think should be added soon is the option to restart your character because when you die you loose everything but the quests stay the same"
76561198189410087,Recommended,519190,34046061,Posted: 5 August,all,Nublys,The game needs some work but even in its current stage its vary fun to play with freinds and or alone
76561198247522036,Recommended,519190,33721924,Posted: 22 July,all,Sxrxrr,"First things first Its Early Access, Second its $7 fkng .50.  The first thing that pops up when you start the game is a message that says ""Hey, our sht isnt done, we're working on it, expect sht to be fked up!"" I havent been in a mutiplayer setting yet because I wanted a single player survival to play in.  So my review may be onesided on that note.  Everyone crying about nothing is in Engrish, well lets see, IM IN FKNG RUSSIA!  The AI speak, im assuming, Russian but the quest info and page is all in Engrish my little simple minded minions.   Played 1 hr and kicked a wolfs @ss by punching him to death then played 2.2 hrs and finally got materials to build a gun.  Very relaxing and game to explore and play without worrying about some youtube turd hiding in the best spot he googled so he can kill you as fresh spawn and then talk sht as if he was a king for the summer before he had to go back to school."
,Recommended,519190,34037665,Posted: 5 August,all,Frosteron,Its a really nice game ... after all thease ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games and their never comming open world... this game makes  the difference if you want a good survival game and you like to do adventure looting or be a good monarch in the game you can be.. its a nice game for only Rs.300.. i m loving it
76561197970104927,Recommended,519190,34037595,Posted: 5 August,all,Ratatino,Nice survival game. Minimalistic for some but quick to play and fun at times.
76561198007215017,Recommended,519190,34032607,Posted: 5 August,all,telamiina,"As a EA tittle bought with 6€ this sure is pleasant surprise.Last time I played this kind of game was DAyZ mod years ago. This game is better in many ways allready.Also possible to play single and PvE. Game has quests and it gives nice varitation to gameplay.Though as a long time S.T.A.L.K.E.R my point might be biased as this game has loads of fibes from those games. (no mutants etc. though.)Fun little game that has nice kult potential, cheap."
76561198095333403,Recommended,519190,34034773,Posted: 5 August,all,MRbaubas,10/10 worth the money. Amazing game. Fun to play with friends in multiplayer mode.
76561198041157076,Recommended,519190,34056524,Posted: 6 August,all,Irkn,Real fun  / stalker like / can play play solo or with friends / find loot easy / best priceweapon aiming needs work tho
76561198338340305,Recommended,519190,33975018,Posted: 2 August,all,woof,First of all I've only played 2 hours and there a lot of mistakes but some great thingsThe reason I am not disliking it is because I see potential and it's early accessPro-Great Gameplay for A low end computerAlmost no such thing as lag!Mechanics and realism in this game is top notchVery original and time consumingNPC's have very nice voice actingNever even seen a bug yetCons-Almost no friendly playersYou leave a group after you dieYou get cold so fastTakes forever to get branchesLoot is almost impossible  to getA repetitive map in my opinionNPC's are Russian and that is annoying for blind people that are not RussianBears and wolfs are to strongNot any original Enemy'sHackers and spawn campersAntibiotics are so hard to findMiddle Ground-NPC's have okay aimGraphics are not to ugly or prettySome development in the mapAnd no boxes or crates to openWould I recommend it Yes this game would be bad if it was abandoned  another thing is I am upset that's it's not out of early access because Unturned and many other games are out of early access already  but we will see in the future
,Recommended,519190,34025959,Posted: 4 August,all,SoftMovz,"It's a good game, with a lot of potencial.Things that could be added:- Many more animals;- Places like bunkers;- The hability to craft houses and many more tools;"
76561198005172123,Recommended,519190,34024726,Posted: 4 August,all,IM EMPTY INSIDE,"this is a real survival game, is really hard to survive 10/10"
76561198132272720,Recommended,519190,34020350,Posted: 4 August,all,imawhale,Very Good Game but needs to add where u can drag ur friend in the same game as you
76561198100052098,Recommended,519190,34019615,Posted: 4 August,all,Super_ghost,it is good for those in pubg and type games with a dynamic envyroment
,Recommended,519190,34020049,Posted: 4 August,all,dogshitfaggot,"best 10 dollars ive ever spent on a game, and has kept a population of 3k players, so theres tons of full servers which is great, this game literally has some of the coolest features, obvsily they arnet finished yet as its a few weeks old, but once this bad boy full releases, its gonna be ♥♥♥♥ing insane"
76561198026581621,Recommended,519190,34034467,Posted: 5 August,all,Saunakalja,Game seems nice but the map size is way too small.
76561198181896637,Recommended,519190,34055002,Posted: 6 August,all,SneakyTestcle,hella good game
76561198064700280,Recommended,519190,33796014,Posted: 25 July,all,mence40,"Amazing game. If you have you're having trouble with toxic PVP members, join a smaller server. They're typically nicer."
76561198070058340,Recommended,519190,33975217,Posted: 2 August,all,Lenin,"This game is very fun! I just have a few problems with it. I will edit this review as the game progresses.Let's start off with the good things about this game.- Interesting setting.- It doesn't look that bad.- Difficult.- Controls are fine.There are quite a few problems though.- Buggy- Translations are pretty bad.- Map is small- AI isn't very good- No server hosting,- Hard to play with friends if you don't want to be on a server with tons of people.EDIT- I've been shot throught the wall near the door to Bunker A65. There is a specific corner that doesn't appear to be a real wall."
,Recommended,519190,34077935,Posted: 7 August,all,Lolakiaz,"Played for a good 3 hours, went to millitary got some good stuff and was going back to looters camp to depo, while we approach the storekeeper somebody (Looter) throw a granade and killed 3 of me and my friends. Lost everything to the naked with a single nade... He didnt get traitor or get killed by the guards which confused me till they fixed it on the last update. This game have potential but not the people..."
,Recommended,519190,34079330,Posted: 7 August,all,Na1ve,"very good and fun game, despite it is on early access you can play and have fun, they push hotfixes every other day and i really like the coomunity, its a must have game"
76561198321891789,Recommended,519190,34109235,Posted: 8 August,all,RWTSlavik,"So I Just started Playing. I only have 2 complaints.1) Even if you play in English, Characters don't speak English2) Not enough people play this game on the NA server.But all in all, if I can find a group of people, this game would be enjoyable."
76561198047945202,Recommended,519190,33979584,Posted: 2 August,all,AstroNOT,Well I have been enjoying this game but it's annoying how you can't cancel eating healing and drinking because I got killed by a bear with good loot because I was healing and was 98% Done
,Recommended,519190,33979138,Posted: 2 August,all,NoxxinWolf,-Spawns in-Gets first quest done-does more quest's-makes makeshift rifle-gets called a♥♥♥♥♥and that I should IDI NAHUI!-Gets to the crashed radiation helicopter mission-Gets the vaccine-Walking back to Neutral camp-Gets shot by some traitor camping the border-rages-does the quest about 100 more times-still gets shot-bandit leaves border-goes back to quest-settlement needs defending-goes to crashed heli-bear eats my♥♥♥♥♥♥off.10/10 would quest again
,Recommended,519190,33978987,Posted: 2 August,all,WarjaMuhis,"PRETTY GOOD ,STALKER ONLINE ,"
,Recommended,519190,33979202,Posted: 2 August,all,Stretchmatthew,"well put together EA game, fun and challenging. get in and support this one for sure."
,Recommended,519190,33978827,Posted: 2 August,all,spookyluk™,"A new survival game.Cmon under 10$ it has to be bad, well its not.The map might seem small but there is a lot of content from quests to factions and pvp.And there is no zombies, can you believe it PogChampThis game isn't a walking simulator you will always find something or someone when you are travellingThis game is worth for its money and its pretty enjoyable you just need to give it some timeGame rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,519190,33977429,Posted: 2 August,all,Gebane eats fish,Reminds me of DayZ but no zombies.... fun
,Recommended,519190,33978850,Posted: 2 August,all,HardCoreGamer44,heck yes i recommend this game this is the best survive fend for yourself game of 2017 you best buy this bad boy of a game befor the price goes up cause this one is a keeper the frame rate is good its pretty only two things to worry about in pve is the wild life and npc's other than that u can be a king
76561198091601229,Recommended,519190,33903818,Posted: 30 July,all,DrewDopeGaming,"OK i m gunna start off by saying this game is super fun BUT...............................YOU SHOULD BUY THIS it is worth it and for the pricetag on it ... makes it even more worth it|.--. PROS .--.|1 super fun with friends or solo2 fair amout of stuff to do in the game3 you can craft stuff4 runs pretty smooths for Early alpha5 there is pvp/pve6 fair amout of loot and spawns to go around7 there is 3 factions ... traitor, civi and looter8 once in faction your faction can team up and raid/hunt other factions bases or just flat out murder the other faction ""KOS"" ........""NOTE"" once looter you can kill other looters to become a traitor and vise versa civis kill other civis to become traitor ... good thing is that if you want to become a looter if you are a civi just kill civis and vise versa with looters to become civis.  ps TRAITORS KILL ANYONE AND ANYTHING9 there is bunkers witch are dungeon type things filled with NPCs  and other players|.--.CONS.--.|1 little lag but not to much at all2 sometimes jumping over things can be tricky3 sometimes the mic dont let you talk anymore4 sometimes you cant log into the server you will hear noises in the backround and you can type in chat but cant play5 only 24 man servers6 NPC sometimes insta 2/3 shot you7 get sick to fast8 not really noob friendly ""meaning doesnt tell you much about how to craft""9 when you are a traitor you spawn in the middle of the woods and most likely die of cold or other players by the time you make it to the neutral base ............THERE NEEDS TO BE A TRAITOR BASE!!!"
76561198191793738,Recommended,519190,34102886,Posted: 8 August,all,Zaroska,Very good game
76561198028221913,Recommended,519190,34121432,Posted: 9 August,all,Mitrovski,"Looks promising, hope that devs will continue with they work.I like everything in the game, can't waif for new updates and new content."
76561198069591132,Recommended,519190,34113293,Posted: 8 August,all,Link1114,graphics and movements are bad really didnt understand where i had to go.
,Recommended,519190,34115119,Posted: 8 August,all,Zener,"Where do i start.Even though this game is brand new and is still in early access i was overwhealmingly impressed by the concept. It has a different feel to it compared to over survival games, lots of quests that you can complete to pass by the time.This game also has easily accepible weapons aswell, which is an added bonus because the better weapons are hard to get and you have to spend time, but it impossible to feed of new people to the game for kills, because they can weapons to to defend themselves!For $10 this game is great and  i would deffinitly recommend it!"
,Recommended,519190,33980976,Posted: 2 August,all,Sidney,Please help me
76561198180846598,Recommended,519190,33982273,Posted: 2 August,all,carterplayer7,"The first time i spwan in i do some of the quests and then i get held up. NOTE: i have no mic and they ask me ""where are your friends"" i just spawned i have none and they shoot me off spawn not 1 not 2 but 3 times so i rage quit. but if your willing to give it a try go ahead"
76561198008609443,Recommended,519190,33975987,Posted: 2 August,all,speedy-uk,Great game for under 10 bucks got loads of potential.If your a fan of the S.T.A.L.K.E.R games then youll love this.
76561198107451732,Recommended,519190,33976260,Posted: 2 August,all,Sy-ke,"this is the first game ive truly enjoyed in a long time... if you are a fan of legacy rust or dayz but need a new game, this is it."
,Recommended,519190,33976697,Posted: 2 August,all,★ d43t,Worth the money.
76561198056092780,Recommended,519190,33939370,Posted: 31 July,all,EazySeb,Box physics 10/10
76561198045290039,Recommended,519190,34129185,Posted: 9 August,all,Gravekeeper,"Great game to play with friends, and its super easy to meet cool like-minded buddies who will be more than happy to share their last loaf of bread with you."
76561198260214663,Recommended,519190,34134109,Posted: 9 August,all,Fipzy,"This is probaly one of the BEST games ive played, its fun, exciting and and its so good optimized, if u look for a Arma 3 + Dayz game uve got it here! 10/10 from me absoulutely LOVE it!"
,Recommended,519190,34138506,Posted: 9 August,all,Lil Boy Requis,"As much as I like this game it still has many bugs some making it almost unplayable, like one I am experiencing right now where I am stuck as a traitor permanatly"
76561198219076073,Recommended,519190,34136565,Posted: 9 August,all,tbone123435,the game is over all very good in the sense of graphices but when i was playing with a comrade of mine i asked him to shoot me becasue i was going to die regrate less so we obtained the traitor rep which means we are pertty much much kosw to every one on the server the affect should of dissapperd in an 1 30  mins but it never did i get it that the games is new and all i am writing this to inform people about this glich with the tariter afect.
,Recommended,519190,34136377,Posted: 9 August,all,Dr.Warblur,This game takes out all the zombie-trash from DayZ and replaces it with bears and wolves. The community is very kind and helpful and the game is omptimised rather well. I constantly run over 60 fps. The only problem currently is the servers' ping. Overall 9/10 game.
76561198392988822,Recommended,519190,34135768,Posted: 9 August,all,Rayo,Very fun game!
,Recommended,519190,34142037,Posted: 10 August,all,✪Carrie Mi,"This game is finna lit and pretty fun. It is a game that doesn't have a large learning curve and something that anyone can pick up and have plenty of fun the first hour. Although it's content right now is very limited, it is well worth it for it's price and it is still only in alpha so there is plenty of room for improvement. This game is especially fun with friends and when you can all squad up and raid th opposing factions base. It provides good pvp and fun with some competition. I highly recommend this game to anyone."
76561198000687592,Recommended,519190,34139249,Posted: 9 August,all,Hollow,"I find this game very enjoyable and well worth the money.  I think everyone needs to remember this game is an EA game and keep that in mind before purchasing.This game is very playable and enjoyable in its current state which appears to be early in the game development.  It does have a few bugs which are to be expected, but It appears the DEVs are active and have offered several updates since the game released AND have plans to expand the map this fall.Here are my List of PROs/CONsPros:* Sound effects and character animation from reloading guns, checking ammo in your clip, eating, drinking all are very nice with great attention to detail which aren't found in many other similar games.* Faction System is a unique idea to this genre which I like so far, I would however like to see more balancing which I assume with a larger map could change and shuffle the base locations for the factions, maybe even give the Civilians a 2nd Base Location or Add additional Neutral Base Locations with Bank/Vendor access.* Menus and User Interface is very easy to understand and visually pleasing, icons make since and inventory management is nice.  So many survival games miss the mark on this, this game however has a UI that I believe is every bit as good if not better than Rust or ARK.* Simple to learn controls, I like the fact that you don’t have to memorize 37 different keys to do multiple things.  Maybe I got jaded by Arma III but I’m liking the simple to learn and master controls.* Great selection of weapons to use, not quite Arma III numbers BUT plenty of variety and each with its own unique characteristics, strengths, and weaknesses.Cons:* Lack of First Person POV.  This is something I have read the DEVs are working on and should be implemented in a later Patch.  A quick fix would be to implement the ability to lean left or right, this would be nice in improving the 3rd person POV in combat, but still not be a replacement for FPV* Game still has a few bugs, one very noticeable one is Crashes when entering/exiting the underground Bunker, and also when exiting the game it seems to want to crash a lot (at least for me).* Game has a lot of items in it which may not serve a purpose right now, crafting system is a bit clunky and needs some in-game guides or possible recipes which you find which you can learn how to craft more items.* Map is small and sever sizes are limited to 24 players, increasing the map size and player size would make for larger firefights and engagementsThat’s all I can think of now.  The game is very fun to play, a great purchase as it is, I believe in time this game will only get better IF the DEV team continues to work on it as promised."
,Recommended,519190,34143743,Posted: 10 August,all,Krixie,"This is a Survival game on Steam that came out not to long ago and thought i give it a go. Tell me what you guys think in the comments, i appreciate every comment, like and even the dislikes. Keep on gaming!!!https://youtu.be/An8zPRBOaQY"
,Recommended,519190,34166884,Posted: 11 August,all,nxck,^
76561198280240077,Recommended,519190,34158173,Posted: 10 August,all,Ricky-Booby,"I Believe that this is no doubt one of the best early access games available on steam at the time being. The game has a nice feel to it and the gameplay is not bad at all. Only one small problem I found with it,There is no way to reset your character in the game. I would like to go back and replay previous quests but cannot because of this. That is the only problem I have found with it so far, so once that is fixed, I'd 100% reccomend it, but for now it'll stay an 87.3%"
,Recommended,519190,34163480,Posted: 11 August,all,+MEDIC+ScaryCasperO1,For being an early access game it has alot of stuff. There is basically animations for every thing from putting on pants to throwing up if you have food posioning. I personally think this game is work $20 but thats my opinion.
,Recommended,519190,34162059,Posted: 10 August,all,SAiNT,Started out Looter and got bored.Decided to betray my faction by throwing a grenade in the middle of the fire and running out of camp.Lived on the friges of society for awhile.Low crawled to the edge of camp with a shotgun and waited.Betrayed yet another.Traitor time expired. Went back to camp. Bought an RPK and climbed a guard tower (aka clocktower).Killed the guard and 4 others running amuck. Died.Respawned. Resupplied and single handly took on another Looter base til l ran out of ammo..Respawned with another traitor and built a lasting friendship.We both died two more times together.Ran into a wolf which I tried to punch to death with my fists while he hit it with a poker stick. It ran away in fear.Shortly after someone with an AK-47 killed us both.I told him I was quite the bare knuckle boxer to which he took as a challenge. We fought it out with him besting me in an open field with the green glow of toxic gas lite our match.10/10 would server 2nd best pugilist again.
,Recommended,519190,34199343,Posted: 12 August,all,M8DONTHATE,9/9 would ♥♥♥♥ again C:
,Recommended,519190,34229393,Posted: 13 August,all,Kami 神,"Loaded into a PVP server for the first time and immediately got harrassed, love the game so far lol"
76561198118149237,Recommended,519190,34221587,Posted: 13 August,all,Kaptein skuim,"Great game,the game is not big on survival but i do enjoy the factions and the constant attacks on the factions,keeps the game exiting.Game is very promising and as for early access i can say im enjoying myself."
,Recommended,519190,34153140,Posted: 10 August,all,Blackaroni and Chizzle,I like the game but i think some things need to change like make a bigger map because if im gonna be playing with 20 other people i want more places to hide
,Recommended,519190,34136586,Posted: 9 August,all,MrJinx,"Great game!I bought this game for myself and a friend, we have met some amazing people who we play with on the regular now.But aside from my stories, this is my first review so... give me a chance!Pros-1. The gameplay is very well balanced, for instance your not going to get from one location to another in a matter of seconds, but it's not a matter of hours.2. The map is sort of small, but it's a very nice size for the amout of players on servers. You can have from 1 player to 24 players! Sometimes it says 25/24, 5/4, etc, I'm assuming that these are just admins observing, so don't get to ""angry!""3. The gunplay and recoil are almost perfect. As someone who enjoys shooting IRL, I can tell you that the gunplay in Next Day is better than many games I play. It feels very realistic.4. I'm not sure how I can say this, this game is a special kind of tactical. A good one, but sort of odd. For instance you can group up and get in a diamond formation, or you can just run in gunning, both somewhat work.5. The community is great, of course your gonna run into some people you don't like. Heck, the first time I even played PVP a guy camping outside the safe zone with a makeshift rifle killed everyone trying to do one of the first quests :(Cons-1. Graphics are a bit chunky and unrealistic, nice but not the best.2. There is no first person exept for sniper scopes. However they do plan on adding it soon.3. There is a bit of a learning curve. In the beginning it's pretty rough. Maybe they should add some type of tutorial.And that's is all! I think that this is a great game as is and that it will only get better with more updates!"
76561198389292282,Recommended,519190,34387092,Posted: 20 August,all,Skywalker OG,pretty fun game i would recommend for 10$
76561198099292628,Recommended,519190,34374682,Posted: 20 August,all,Atomic Bombs,"I havent played a game so much in such a short period of time since Fallout 4. I got this game 3 days ago and already have 33 hours while im writing this review. This game, is SO GOOD. Everyone always says that the early access apocalyptic games are garbage and not worth buying. This game is not the case at all. It reminds me alot of STALKER, which is what most people also think. But It also reminds me of Arma II DayZ Epoch mod. Where there are AI missions and you go clear them to get the loot and you can sell it for better things or keep the loot for later. Honestly I really do like the game a lot.Pros:- Survival aspect: Food, water, stamina, bleeding, sickness, temperature- Faction System: Become a looter, a civilian, or kill a member of your faction and become a traitor- Quests: Mostly just to help you get started in the game- Variety of weapons- AI that are actually pretty smart. They try run away if they recieve too much damage- Underground bunker to prove your skill and earn lots of money and loot as a rewardCons:- NPC's seem to be pretty spongy. Shoot them in the head and they usually go down in 2 shots, but other than that they absorb actually a lot of damage- One entrance to the underground bunker has been known to occasionally crash games- Map is a bit small for open world. It could be considered a pro however, because its big enough to not be a deathmatch, and you dont have to spend as long running around- Players exploiting certain systems. A guy in my own faction offered me a ride in a truck. When we got in he equipped a hazmat suit and started driving me towards the toxic gas. I realized what he was up to and bailed out of the truck. I started running away as shooting a vehicle is pretty much useless because you cant shoot directly at the driver. He was able to run me over and kill me to take my gear, and it didnt count as a team kill for him so he went back to the looter base and stashed my things. Then he proceeded to hit me with an axe to make me bleed to death inside the camp, which also does not count as a team kill. He continued to exploit this system of killing me until I left the server. This really should be fixed.Overall, it is a really good game and I love playing it. Going to play it right after I finish this review. Devs seem dedicated to the game with constant updates so, I cant wait to see the future for this game."
76561198007669853,Recommended,519190,34368763,Posted: 20 August,all,Spud,"This is a good game that could be great. I've played multiplayer and single mode, single mode just to get a feel of the weapons and equipment you can collect.while it is addictive, its also very frustrating, especially when youve just got yourself some great gear. having teamates in multiplayer is very rewarding, and a lot more fun if youre a beginner. I found some great teamates that are willing to help you with gear, and they are great at watching your back.It's a game that in my opinion you have to pretty much learn on your own. Exploring is great, but being killed by a wild animal, or looters is always on the cards. At least you can kill the animals, not so easy with the looters.I found myself time and again being killed so easily.In single mode, if you start a firefight, most of the time youre dead, bunkers are even worse. The AI is very hard to beat, and i found myself not even getting the enemys attention firing a very good sniper rifle. In real life you should be able to hit a target easily at the distance i was away from the enemy. Even a AK47, should knock them off their feet, BUT this doesnt happen. Once they fire on you, youre dead.Much more realism is needed for weapons, the only thing that is right about them is the sound.The AI needs to be mended, even if an easy, normal or hard mode is added.Unless your in a team, no point attacking, so single mode you avoid the enemy, and just go out scavenging.On saying that, i think this game can be improved easily. Play and enjoy, but avoid single mode."
,Recommended,519190,34369578,Posted: 20 August,all,DOWNRIGHT DAVID | csgobig.com,The game is a lot of fun. PVP is fun. I like how you can just find guns and go out and fight. BUT there is no anti cheat. And people spamming snipers across the woods suck.
,Recommended,519190,34368852,Posted: 20 August,all,TheStaven,"There are many issues with this game but nothing to be unexpected with a brand new beta. Regardless, combat is great and fairly diverse amount of guns to choose from. This can very easily surpass DayZ if the devs continue to drop their frequent updates."
,Recommended,519190,34356473,Posted: 19 August,all,Capt. Faps Alot™,Game is really good just needs some work way past dayz bug wise but it still has its moments most of the time the answer is to just relog.
76561198065766513,Recommended,519190,33964211,Posted: 1 August,all,Batty Koda,"spend hours getting loot, goes back to your friendly faction base to store and sell. friendly throws grenade next to you as you are putting your loot away and you are killed leaving your loot up for grabs. friendly that kills you is not labeled as a traitor (like that matters) and all your stuff is lost and you can't do anything about it. Absolute waste of time...Update: it's fixed and totally worth the 10$That was my only real problem with the game besides the bugs that come with an early access game. I would recommend this game especially if you have a group of friends to play it with."
76561198365980953,Recommended,519190,34364599,Posted: 19 August,all,OGRayden337,It's really fun but I get killed by campers all the time :/ but it's still a fun game but it needs a Canadian server 9/10
,Recommended,519190,34378126,Posted: 20 August,all,Zorro Bambi,This game is honestly a really great game its like day z but alot better and its only 10 dollars.
76561198056383542,Recommended,519190,34397722,Posted: 21 August,all,GIR,"Its a pretty great game, but needs some crutial additions to make it worthwhile:Increased max players in one server (current max is 24, lets shoot for 64)MORE CONTENT- at the time of writing they just need a larger map, more in depth factions and, well, they need to explain the faction system a little more cus its kinda confusing how exactly it works.Combat need an upgrade, AI needs  an upgrademore in depth dialogue instead of gibberish(im assuming its gibberish, sounds like it)It has potential but needs some work!I played this by myself but i suggest getting some boys together, will probably be 10x more fun with bigger map and larger servers!"
,Recommended,519190,34382038,Posted: 20 August,all,AK_The_SpoOk,Dont go in the swamp if you want to get attacked by a bear?!
76561198157958110,Recommended,519190,34428807,Posted: 22 August,all,[AD] Fallen✞,Great game
76561198110270673,Recommended,519190,34428112,Posted: 22 August,all,smuckery,great game  !!! Hard at first==== looter aholes
,Recommended,519190,33960649,Posted: 1 August,all,Bumbo Kensei,"Pretty good game. This is how my first 3 hours went:-Spawns in. Meets some random guy in the safezone. He gives me some clothes and a gun with some ammo. He tells me to follow him and I decide to to so since he seemed friendly. We walked for good 20 minutes across the map as he showed me around until he finally led me to the bunker. Me being a dumbass new player, I didnt know there were Military NPC who were hostile so I jumped straight in, only to be killed insantly.I respawned at the safezone and meet up with my friend who also has the game. We meet a guy called Wr4hook or something like that and he was very nice. He gave us clothes, some ammo, guns and even offered us a ride to some nearby towns. We thanked him but declined his ride as we didnt know the map yet. A bit later as we explored the safe zone he came back to us asking for help. He wanted us to go with him to the gas station and refill the gas cans as much as possible while he defends us from potential attackers. We managed to refill some of the gas cans but were interrupted by him calling us ""Come! Come! Get back!"" and we instantly ran back into the car. Just as he started driving we saw a huge tank following us. Luckly we were faster and got away back to the safe zone. I gave him his gas and parted our ways. After completing one of the quests we got back to the safe zone and met him again. This time he wanted us to go kill some of the Military guys for some loot and so we agreed.We got to the town and killed three Military NPCs. We looted them but unofortunetly the server disconnected myself and my friend from the game. We rejoined back shortly after and picked up where we left off. I saw some other dude running nearby but he had nothing so I decided to help him. I found him a weapon and some clothes as all three of us walked around the town. We all shared our supplies together. Just as we were about to part our ways I got shot a few times from an unknown loaction. All of us ran back into the small nearby building and healed up, watching the doors. We heard voices and gunshots all around us, so obviously whoever shot me, was fighting someone else now. My friend tried to make a run for it but failed and died just a few meters away from the building.I gave the other guy my ammo since he had none to cover me while I pick up my friends stuff. This was a really intense situation and probably the best one I've had so far. I ran out and started looting, while this guy was watching my back. I took the stuff and ran back in with him. He gave me my stuff and we decided to back out to push back these guys. As we rushed out I quickly shot and killed the incoming wolf and was being shot at by someone else. The dude who was with me took out the other guy behind my back. I thanked him and went to the left of the hut. I saw a hostile player who was about to take down my new friend. I quickly landed a bullet in his head and told me my friend to fall back. I shot down 2 more guys and ran back to cover. We healed ourselves and got ran out to nearby cars to scan the area if there was someone else.At this point we were kinda short on ammo so we needed to loot these guys in order to keep going. My new friend decided to go and loot while I covered him. He took some bullets and we shared them. We felt relieved and kind of good because only 2 of us manged to take out around 5 guys. But thats only because we communicated properly. We decied to share the loot we took from our enemies. He said he's gonna go meet up with his group and I decided to go meet up with my friend again. We said our goodbyes and parted our ways.Although I did encounter some bugs in these few first hours I'd say that my first few hours were rather fun. I met some frienldy people and we treated each other really nice and communicated well in tense situations. This is what makes this game different from other survival games on Steam. This one has a friendly community. You will in almost every server find someone friendly who is willing to help you and give you some stuff.Overall I'd give this game solid 7/10. Good gameplay, but kind of clunky animations. Its pretty realistic in terms of survival but It lacks some polish as its obviously in early access. Pretty hard to find cars and ammo but defently encourages communication and cooperation. Its only 10$. Give it a try."
,Recommended,519190,34423283,Posted: 22 August,all,Lasonic,"It's overall a really fun game with a lot of potential. The one issue that makes this game unplayable at times is all of the cheaters. There are so many hackers who one shot you with pistols, it can make the game super frustrating to play. The developers need to fix this immediatley."
76561198002737404,Recommended,519190,34445729,Posted: 23 August,all,Ectafloggin,"This game is pretty good, condisdering the price. My freinds and I have been having a blast with it. Definitely worth a look."
,Recommended,519190,34237952,Posted: 14 August,all,ZFHax(China#1),great game . great community they helping new players .
76561198047243730,Recommended,519190,34241272,Posted: 14 August,all,Smirnoff'd,"Hey, so i died during the hunting quest and it says i failed. I respawned and i coudnt do the quest again. I to do it I had to create a new character, I had done this 4 or 5 times. Its frustrating can you please fix it so that I can do the quest over again after?"
76561197993212487,Recommended,519190,34241848,Posted: 14 August,all,Molasses,"Plays similarly to that Stalker spinoff MMO than it does to the actual Stalker games, but with better controls, engine and enemy AI. Whether or not you like this game really depends on how much getting killed by other players while you're trying to do a mission irritates you."
,Recommended,519190,34257531,Posted: 15 August,all,✪ gershon,good game
76561198101521453,Recommended,519190,33840040,Posted: 27 July,all,Caeser,"Вам нужно исправить то, как люди будут стрелять в кого-то из той же фракции в мародере, и их друзья подберут, что ребята пишут, я люблю игру, но, например, всего несколько дней назад я вытащил гаусс-пушку, кто-то стреляет в меня сзади, а затем их Друг поднял мой гаус"
76561198185847995,Recommended,519190,34260753,Posted: 15 August,all,TAM3_IMPULSE,"yes i would recommend this game but it does have its flaws, acuallly a lot, i really enjoy the graphics and survival type of game but theres not enough animals or dangerous things that you can run into. but overall it needs help"
,Recommended,519190,34268978,Posted: 15 August,all,-Euphoria-,"-Spawned-Killed wolf-Immedialty died from sniper-Respawned, tried to fist fight wolf-Failed-Died over and over, selling my previous bodies watches-?-Profit-Saved enough for tire iron-Managed to kill wolf-Goes to pharmacy for supplies-Gets gang banged by ghillie snipers-Lowkey enjoyed it10/10 Harder than Dark Souls"
76561198242173266,Recommended,519190,34300286,Posted: 16 August,all,LastMilkyWay,game is really fun and was on the edge of my seat hopeing i wouldnt get spotted when out looking for things. still needs some things fixed like quest and the starting area . ughhhhh the starting area so many poeple that are over level and op. but really fun game and cant wait till they fix some of the stuff
76561197973509635,Recommended,519190,34246731,Posted: 14 August,all,Spetsnaz,For $12 this is the best game ever period. I have much more fun playing this game than other games that are a lot more expensive. Those who complain about it don't know what they are talking about.
76561198168440345,Recommended,519190,34285234,Posted: 16 August,all,Oden011,"Fun Game with out a dought, but new players  my advice is always get in a group or you will be killed very fast. The animals are way over powered and way to hard to kill. (don't care no wolf is going to take a 7.62x39 or a .45 and live). Keep close to safe zones as much as yopu can at first. Once they fix the balance of the game it will be a truely great game."
,Recommended,519190,34225873,Posted: 13 August,all,Read,"This is a very well made game at its core. There are some bugs but none are game breaking. I have over 70 hours in this game and still love it anyone who gives this game a negative review is either awful at the game and can't kill anything, hasn't played enough, expects way too much for $10, or is a troll with no friends to play with. I have never played a game before that way so worth the price. Think about it like this would you rather buy this game or get a meal at Red Robin it's definently worth the price!"
76561198126451518,Recommended,519190,33773468,Posted: 24 July,all,Gefährlich,"Buy this game, youll learn russian languange faster than in school  no doubtOverall the game is awesome to play with friendsStarting out is really hard, but once you get used to the game youll start loving it, the game is pretty much what DayZ was supposed to be"
,Recommended,519190,34253854,Posted: 15 August,all,Kilo,this is a really promising game with a lot of potential. its oddly satisfying to play deffs worth a try
76561198065398025,Recommended,519190,34248438,Posted: 14 August,all,judeXO,"Great game for a early access, it has unique character taunts. long live looters!!!"
,Recommended,519190,34026316,Posted: 4 August,all,[TVM]Miss Chloe,"One problem. People camp out side the safe zones. They should have it where if you're a looter, and you walk into civilian and neutral zone, the npc's fire on you. Etc. There was legit 3 teams of 4 that were camping each side. How the hell do you leave that.Sound location needs to be fixed. It's hard to tell where it's coming from. What's also needed is for the guitar to be turned down a little bit. We also need the option to hear players. Therefore, turn them up if we need to. I either get a bear screaming at me and i can't hear my friend warning me that there's a player, or i can hear them fine. It depends on the person's mic, so we should be able to turn them up on our end as well.Went inside bunker. Looter was there. Killed mee. Respawned where i died. Died again. Respawned at the buttom of the map. Died again. Repeat.. Screw this. Now... i couldn't move... AT ALL when i got revived. I got shot on sight as soon as i was loaded in. Happened multiple times. Couldn't leave the bunker.When you die at bunker, you need to be able to respawn at neutral or your faction (As an option). I glitched 5 times.If someone shoots a player first, they should be marked a traitor. If i was a civ and someone shot me as a civ FIRST, and HIT me, then i should have a right to shoot him back without getting the traitor status. I support the Civs (that don't KOS) but not those who shoot at me. I defend myself at those times.Entering bunkers may insert you into a forever loading screen that does not ever load. We like to call it, (The Glitch Curse).You'll be talking in a mic and then the mic icon just randomly disappears and you can't speak anymore."
76561198307547242,Recommended,519190,34263482,Posted: 15 August,all,oG_Slayerrr,"Great game for how cheap it is ( about $10 bucks when i bought). Little hard to get started out when first playing, you almost need to get a good bit of stuff given to you from another player that has enough loot saved up ( is what happened to me & helped A LOT). Must rememeber also that the game is NOT FINISHED!! Things are still being added and changed, and i cannot wait until the game is fully done. I say talk a friend into getting it with you, and youll have even more fun. Or, like i did, play alone and you are bound to find people & make new friends!P.S:IF YOU WANT TO PLAY WITH ME, ADD ME, :)"
76561198060399640,Recommended,519190,34270796,Posted: 15 August,all,Jean Neige,"Well, my nostalgia for STALKER made me buy this game. Didn't expect much for the price but i'm amazingly surprised for an early access game.The devs are doing a great steady job, keep it up !"
,Recommended,519190,34283238,Posted: 16 August,all,Michael J Caboose,An early access game that's already better than anything that's come from DayZ. Worth the 10 bucks. It's a little rough still but can be really cool when you make some friends.10/10
,Recommended,519190,34283890,Posted: 16 August,all,Death9536 csgoduck.com,pretty neat
76561198131421129,Recommended,519190,34282284,Posted: 16 August,all,Spooky Killer Muffin,Best game I've ever had!
,Recommended,519190,34387265,Posted: 20 August,all,s1nk0,"I liked playing STALKER and Metro and this game feels like if STALKER was an open world online game. I love that there is a PvE mode, very rare that online survival games have PvE and I appreciate the devs for adding it. The graphics and animations are pretty good for $10, better than most indie games I've played. Shooting actually feels nice, but I wish there was a lean system implemented.Quests are actually fun to do and just made me want to keep playing. I'm only a couple hours in but so far I'm really enjoying myself with Next Day. I've only played PvE but will try PvP and the BR mode when I'm more comforatble with the game.The only negatives I have are that like any EA game, there are bugs and the UI is very clunky. The very first mission I had to do was bugged and I didn't even know it. I thought I was missing something, but apparently I was bugged from completing the quest so I had to log out and in again to fix it. And I hope they improve the UI to make it more intuitive like DayZ's inventory system."
76561198053740479,Recommended,519190,34384973,Posted: 20 August,all,Turd Cutter,"Very good survival game.  Still very early but for once a survival game you can play and have fun, and when you die getting stuff to get back in the action isn't so bad.  You can sell everything to the bank/vendor guy to get cash to buy what you need.  Again, still very early but the mechanics make this game greatBest thing to do for all of you new people, is to pick up all the cloths and other items and sell them to buy the ammo you need for your guns.  Its cheap and the player base is good, GET THIS GAME"
76561198094784582,Recommended,519190,33973866,Posted: 2 August,all,rightning,The opening of this game is pretty awful but when you overcome that it becomes very fun very fast.
76561198131686247,Recommended,519190,34498519,Posted: 26 August,all,Roon,Good n nice to play
76561198045590141,Recommended,519190,34503204,Posted: 26 August,all,Caigoomballou,A WORKING (Reputation System) WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥KKKKKKKKK OMG MOM
76561198111194779,Recommended,519190,34495908,Posted: 25 August,all,Fox Parker,Great game and will only get better from here!!
76561198122331206,Recommended,519190,34655221,Posted: 1 September,all,bushcake,"It's ok.Seems to be glitches between quests, glitches and you can't talk. Game seems fun. Would be good if more ppl played it. Not a lot on most times."
76561198112626334,Recommended,519190,34654608,Posted: 1 September,all,niko,godly game
76561198124275246,Recommended,519190,34643712,Posted: 31 August,all,TylerTheToolMan,"Absolutely love it, if you played dayz mod and liked the AI missions, then you will absolutely love this game.It has issues, it isnt perfect, but I love it.Pro's = Friendly players, good trading system and storage systems, opposing factions each with seperate missions, runs AMAZINGLY, I get around 90FPS constantly with a 4GB RX460.Cons = occasional bugged out item, and enemies dont spawn soon enough when you approach them. I understand the difficulty in this but its annoying not being able to engage enemies from a longer distance (this is mainly for missions)"
,Recommended,519190,34651376,Posted: 31 August,all,OsamaBinLaggin,This is a really good game unless you dont have a few mates to play with. The AI shoot through walls and the snipers never miss a shot this game has the room to be one of the better survival games but this stuff is infuriating.
76561198121992565,Recommended,519190,34678445,Posted: 2 September,all,Insane1,"Great game! Great price!Suggestions :1. No base building, the current camp system is good the way it is..it makes the game different than other survival game out there and I think its best for the current map size and also there will be no offline raid, no OP base.2. Side quests from different NPC (i.e get medicine to Vasiliy, kill x amount of other faction member), to keep the content coming..because raid bunker, raid opposite faction's camp, and looting is going to gets boring sometimes..3. Wandering NPC party of all factions or NPC raid to opposite camps (if possible, because I saw several NPC faction members on different location which not on their camps), so there will be point for players who like to play on PVE server instead of raiding other NPC camps and killing wolves and bears, and make PVP even more exciting with surprises.4. Last but not least, more crafting recipes. I saw a lot of crafting material but less crafting recipes, correct me if Im wrong but all I know there is just 3 craftable item in this game.The devs are doing a great job on making this game ""unique"" than any early-access survival game..definitely worth the price."
76561197986762248,Recommended,519190,34715487,Posted: 3 September,all,MichoviZ,"I really love this game!I have played it 8 hours so far, and i'm not done at all!I'm wondering why, theres not alot more players there play this game?The only thing i need, is more guide about how you build your own weapons and so on..But thumps up!!!"
76561198418039493,Recommended,519190,34719679,Posted: 3 September,all,scot0917,"Cool concept, I got this problem with dying. I lose things I need to complete a quest, then I cant find a new one. First I died to the wolf in the beginner quests, lost my knife and could not flay it. After hours of looking I found an axe in another town.... some   people grab everthing they can whether they need it or not, making it hard to find stuff. Then I died trying the next quest to a bear in the poison fog, because i did not know how to shoot my makeshift gun. Well that was a learning experience lol. But I lost my suit. Without the suit I cant complete this because Im almost dead when I get to the helo. Ive spent lots of hours trying to find a new suit, but no luck. One I dont know where to look, two, someone could have beat me to it, but I wouldnt know. I guess Im still in the training quests, without finishing them I cant experience more. Feeling frustrated, but after a break I go back to the fray. How about in the training missions it might be good to get quest neccessities easier ... from quest giver..... where you got it the first time. Recommending this because I want to see more. But cant say I super enjoy not being able to accomplish anything."
76561198072245966,Recommended,519190,34679140,Posted: 2 September,all,Joker5891,Brought this just to fill the time and it achieved that perfectly. Great Fun.
,Recommended,519190,34131490,Posted: 9 August,all,Wow its Ace,"I've been playing this game a lot recently, and I've got to say it's becoming one of my favorite games that have released recently.A quick breakdown: Next Day: Survival is currently a realistic survival game with very few crafting and building. It's main focus at the time is combat, which is pretty fun. There's two main modes, PVP and PVE. In PVP there are 4 total factions (2 are temp 'factions'). There is Civilian, the 'good guys' of ND:S, they have one large base and focus on gaining positive rep, positive rep can be gained from killing looters or Traitors. You have looter, the 'bad guys' of ND:S, they have two smaller bases and have a focus on gaining negative rep, this can be gained from killing Civilians, neautrals, or looters. You have neautral, you start as neutral upon entering the game, neautrals can kill anyone, however upon killing either a civilian or looter, you will be placed on the opposite faction respectively. And then you have traitor, upon killing someone of your own faction, you will be marked as traitor temporarily, this will occur for BOTH Civialian and Looter.Pros and consPros:1. Combat focused2. S.T.A.L.K.E.R.-like feel3. A lot of content for early access4. Factions give you a sense of prideCons:1. Lag (expected)2. Few 'survival' mechanics like crafting and building. (only 2 items to craft to my knowledge, no building)3. AI is clunky and dumb, stands in the open waiting to be shot atOVERALL: I reccommend this game if you're a S.T.A.L.K.E.R. fan, if not, be wary, there's not 1k hours worth of content, but it's certainly a lot of fun."
,Recommended,519190,33814753,Posted: 26 July,all,TERRAX,Playerbase is dying due to lack of content and updates.
,Recommended,519190,33797872,Posted: 25 July,all,Lukash,Very good game. very hard to start off but once you get a good grip it gets a bit easier. good PVP/PVE with Quests and atmospheric enviroment with lots to do.i'm surprised the price is so cheap for a new Early Access release. it just came out and feels more complete than most Early Access games.
,Not Recommended,519190,33843742,Posted: 27 July,all,Goldschmidt & DinduSteinz LLC,"can not rebind most controls still, do not buy."
76561198064661193,Not Recommended,519190,34493204,Posted: 25 August,all,Elche,"I recommend this to anyone that likes to play survival multiplayers games, and even though it may trigger some people, I agree when others say this feels like if Dayz/Stalker had a son.+ Good PVP+ Decent community+ Factions are a great idea to reduce the bad pvp sometimes dayz had. No bambi hunting, 99% of the people you will come across from a different faction will be already geared and ready to pvp because of how the map and safezones are located.+ Easy group creation, it is so easy to create groups, that I feel triggered when I think of others good games with bad group system. Most people go around in groups, and this is a lot of fun, pve or pvp, both good.+Hub is almost non existent+You have to check how much ammo you have left on your magazine pressing E since there is no info on the hub, it will display for a short time after your characters removes the clip and checks how much ammo is left. This is another things I have not seen in many AAA and it makes me feel cheated by bigger companies.+ Good map, size and locations wise+ Decent graphics+ Runs better than most EA games but could run better for the kind of graphics it has.+ Decent shooting mechanics+ It has a skill system+ Very cheap, completely worth the 10u$d+ The anti cheat system it uses is considered to be good.- Map could be smaller for more pvp, or servers have more capacity.- Faction is a good idea, but it needs more work.- There is no group chat, way too stupid this is not implemented, you can`t speak with your own group, only chat available it all chat. Now if this was done to encourage voip usage then let`s carry with the next item.- Voip is a disaster, for a good amount of people it does not work at all, for others just works sometimes, and for the ones it works, its meh... why? Move a couple of steps away from that person and you will barely hear him, which brings us to another problem related to voip, there is no slider to increase voip output or input, so you got 1 slider which is game sound. You can increase it to the max and will probably hear everyone loud and clear but as soon as someones shoots a weapons or a helicopter passes by, more than one neighbour will be calling the police and you will be deaf from both ears. Why you dont put a slider for voip and another for game sound is beyond my understanding, but that is as dumb as someone can go IMO. Also I think this game uses steam voip system which is lazy at least to say and bad voip. That is why we steam users use discord and team speak, not steam voip. It is♥♥♥♥♥♥ so why devs use it, again beyond my understanding.- Just decent graphics, I don´t care too much about this, but some people may do.- Skill system is basically a grind bar, you don`t assign points, so there is no customization, in the end, everyone will end up with the same skills, honesly why do you even do this? Better remove it.- Cheap game may bring some grieffers (I have seen a couple, nothing too bad though if you are not new to the internet) and hackers I guess (which I HAVE NOT SEEN yet, one looked like autoaim but impossible to prove)Edited:Sad to have to change this to not recommended, many problems and I don`t see any solution or acknowledging the problem.The voip problems and inhability to lower or increase voip volume with a separate slider than master volume, totally made me sick. I posted it on this game discussions suggestions and bugs, also on the forums, all this more than 30 days ago with no answer.In addition to add it is completely brainless not to make an option to toggle from all chat to group chat. This is as dumb as you can get.Won`t touch this game until I see any progress or at least information regarding this, barbaric..."
,Recommended,519190,35052149,Posted: 18 September,all,Male09,"Honestly, this is a great game....I love the Player/area detail... I love the gun detail and realism in the health/ammo..The only down-sides are that as soon as you're spotted by an enemy you're strewed...I mean, really... You try to run, go behind a tree... Pfft. Nope!Those bullets are going to find you."
,Recommended,519190,35040480,Posted: 18 September,all,5angoS Primo,Fun but lack content right now.
,Recommended,519190,34502653,Posted: 26 August,all,Merzbar,This is an example of a early access game done right!
,Not Recommended,519190,33689088,Posted: 20 July,all,NoOriginality,"♥♥♥♥♥game. Learned just from this game to never buy or support anything from slav developers. Unoriginal, physics are goofed. Terriable. Just so bad. No updates either. Came back a month later, nothing changed."
76561198156593592,Recommended,519190,33864945,Posted: 28 July,all,onion,good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,519190,34153366,Posted: 10 August,all,Lifey,"I wrote a review on this game pointing out how fun it is and how it has lots of potential, this is my edited one after about a month of not playing it, I see no new updates, no bug fixes, no major updates.Another money grab sadly, I really enjoyed this game but it got super stale.Its a fun game to play every now and then but it falls short after a couple of hours.(Another Edit)--Gave the game another chance, went to a bunker, got a bunch of good loot, then went out and a bunch of enemies spawned in front of me, i luckily killed them all but there were more outside and I somehow got shot through a wall.Awful game, I truley don't recommend it anymore."
76561198032466989,Recommended,519190,35054344,Posted: 18 September,all,Hanro,"Excellent game, with a very compelling setting. It draws me in like the S.T.A.L.K.E.R games did. GOOD JOB devs!"
76561198075387050,Recommended,519190,33764749,Posted: 24 July,all,Ebola pepsi cola,Make the map
,Recommended,519190,35210702,Posted: 25 September,all,Junior - Metanix.net,This game Beats DayZ 100%
76561198189933527,Recommended,519190,35469841,Posted: 4 October,all,Crushed Ice,This is a great game for early access. If you don't habe money to buy DayZ or another bigher game just go and get this game. It may be a little buggy but its early access
76561198020878331,Recommended,519190,35475624,Posted: 4 October,all,davep443,"If you remember that this is still in development, this is a great game.As of right now, the lag and screen freezes can and will kill you.You might have a hard time getting on.And of coursse there are always the A-holes that just look for noobs to shoot on sight.Overall, not a bad way to kill a few hours."
76561198000150345,Recommended,519190,35505394,Posted: 5 October,all,Talloch,"This game is like a smaller version of stalker, but imo with more future. Sure it lags, crashes and randomly throws you out the server but it doesn't really bother me.The thing that does bother me however is the lack of English speaking players, god I love this game but can someone PLEASE speak to me in a way I can understand it :(? My Russian kind of sucks tbh"
,Recommended,519190,35505723,Posted: 5 October,all,Hammer Morty,This game should be worth more than 10 dollars it's an AMAZING survival game and has lots of nps that can kill you give u quests or trade with you
