user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198091292389,Recommended,520440,32339852,Posted: 11 June,all,Vassago Rain,"Xrd was a quantum leap, and with it, guilty gear had simply smote the competition. Regardless of the metric used (technology, graphical horsepower, art design, soundtrack, singleplayer content, netcode, online functionality in general, voice cast...) few would look upon Xrd and claim that trainwrecks like SF5 were even contenders.Rather than resting on their laurels, Arcsys decided that there was room for improvements. For instance, Xrd had a barely noticable input delay, as opposed to SF5, which has 'about' 8 frames of input delay at all times. This simply would not do, said the devs, so Rev has so little input delay that playing against people that incur 4 frames of it makes the steam version about on par with the playstation version, and that's still no less than twice as responsive as SF5 in offline versus. Yes, sirs and madams, that is indeed the honest truth of the matter.So a team with limited to no experience working with contemporary game engines and tools, tied down by a very small budget, and a deadline 16 months away, managed to make Capcom, with their 4 year development cycle, and all of Sony's money, look like complete clowns in every conceivable way, and then they made improvements? Twice!? And it's all running on unreal 3, which reached end of life about a year before they decided to start working on the game proper. Surely this must be an elaborate practical joke.Well, it's good that we have that primer, because it's all true, and none of it's a joke - except the part where supposed top tier fighting game companies can no longer create things people want to play, and were later caught stuffing their games with ring 0 rootkits for some reason or other.Guilty gear, in case you didn't know, is like all those 80s animes, metal bands, and action movies you used to love. If you weren't around back then, the 80s revival wave that's been sweeping the world for almost a decade now guarantees that you can relate. It's big, it's bright, it's larger than life, and it's set to the soothing tunes of the finest guitar riffs, and narrated by ancient veteran voice actors who in many cases actually starred in those 80s animes. Dispensing with the traditional karate men and big guys without shirts spinning in place and repeatedly mashing crouch short into hadokens on a street corner-formula, guilty gear takes place in a 2180s post-apocalyptic wasteland, everybody who is ANYBODY is a super hero, japanese, a prodigy, a former child soldier, a supernatural monster, a bio-weapon, or a combination.It is the popular opinion that story and singleplayer doesn't matter one bit in fighting games, but guilty gear with its 20 years of actually advancing plot disagrees. So much so that Xrd, Rev, and Rev 2 come with feature-length anime movies as their story mode, and don't worry, there's an encyclopedia just a button press away in case you don't know what the outrage is, or you can't wrap your head around the star trek-like technobabble about magical theory. Now far be it from me to rate and review contemporary anime, which is good, because this anime is structured exactly like a mid 80s anime, but with vastly improved visuals. I dare say Daisuke's guitars would blend in effortlessly in Fist of the north star. Which is why Arcsys got to make the Hokuto no Ken fighting game a bunch of years back. And yes, this game does actually have an encyclopedia.It also has the tutorial that skullgirls claimed to have, but never actually did. You want to learn how to play the GG? Get to doing the tutorial. Then do the character specific move list tutorial. Then the basic 101 character specific tutorial explaining your gimmicks and gameplan. Now that you're done with that, you must wrap your head around the concepts and ideas expressed in the character specific advanced tutorials, afterwhich it's generally understood that you should attempt some of the 'missions,' which is a funny way to spell 'fundamentals.' At no point does the game screw around, however. To do the advanced training, you must complete basic. If you mess up too many times, the game will go from brief instructions to a sometimes lengthy 'tip.' So if you can't figure out that knockdown state on your face is different to knockdown state on your back, the game will tell you this, and it'll tell you why this matters. It uses actual fighting game terms, and expects you to be smart enough to follow along if you found your way into the tutorial section. So we magically got through the fundies, and now we're ready for fighting, right? Hoho, no, now we're gonna switch to the second fundie tab, which covers match-up specific things that are relevant to your interests. So in case Raven's shutting down your day -200 Ky with his memetic air glide, you'll know how to prevent it, and why it's a problem for Ky, but not for Zato.Now that you know, you can go online. There's ranked matches, 64 man regional lobbies, and player made rooms. If you can't find a room suitable to hold your radiance, simply make one yourself. Set the maximum lag players are allowed to have, what kind of skill level you're looking for, what kind of room this actually is, if you know what I'm saying, switch conditions, rounds, private VIP slots for people you invite only, passwords, and pretty much whatever else you could desire. Then make sure you hog the P1 side, otherwise the opponent gets to decide the music, and they're too lazy to pick good tracks, so make your R-card default to something excellent, like Conclusion, Still in the dark, March of the wicked king, No mercy... A lot of games are content with having a single good track, like SFA3's Charlie theme (Decisive bout), then there's guilty gear. In rev 2, you have the best versions of the best tracks from 6 games at your disposal, including arranged versions of GG1 tracks.As this is a guilty gear game, the gameplay's built like an AK47. It's very simple to pick up and play, but actual prowess takes work and far more precision than you'd think, but the universal mechanics and solid construction organically prohibit degenerative play, like 20 second combos (it's technically not an infinite, so technically the infinite prevention system works!) that go into 50/50 resets, forever. The Xrd series is essentially a continuation of #Reloaded, which means all the system bloat added by the A core series has been discarded, making it that much more accessible. Characters that ended up being very reliant on A core systems now instead have those systems built in. So for instance, not every move in the game has wallsplat powers, but things like Slayer's pilebunker do, because that's your reward for committing to hard reads. Rather than have 7 different projectiles of varying strength and utility, Ky now has merely 3, as he should, but can manipulate them through both his dust and a dedicated 'make my lightning grow'-attack, which doubles as a strong keep-away move, and inflicts dramatic stagger on counter hits. He also benefits extensively from the overhaul done to the roman cancel system, as do most of the traditional not quite so top tier characters. So less moves, less bloat, but more depth, and the game looks, plays, and sounds better than the competition? Pretty great, so surely there must be a disadvantage? The disadvantage is that guilty gear is pretty big in europe, but not so big in the states, and if you're suffering from a case of the american copper wiring, you might need to do some community outreach to get opponents.But most of this work was done for you a long time ago, and the community that was there 'back in my day' is still largely around now, even though some of us are probably too old for this. Unlike many other series, GG has a tight knit community, and if you're having problems figuring out a mechanic, or have questions about why you'd ever use 5P when you have a much better 2P, just ask, and your opponent will probably be the first one to lend a hand.Must have."
,Recommended,520440,31946840,Posted: 24 May,all,CanadianCannabis,"As a previous Street Fighter player, keywordprevious. I would say this game is probably the best fighting game I've ever played in my life. Fluid controls, great combo system, becomes very rewarding once you've put the time in. All around, a really great fighting game! Some top tier waifus there, some airdashes here. A 5-6 hour long story which I found to be very entertaining. I can't see any reason why any fighting game enthusiast wouldn't pick up this game."
,Recommended,520440,30480762,Posted: 12 March,all,Unjson,"Ok, so before I start, let me make one thing unmistakably clear: YOU DO NOT HAVE TO HAVE GODLIKE EXECUTION TO BE GOOD AT THIS GAME. Guilty Gear is a game about spacial awareness, about knowing your opponent, about doing the right thing at the right time. None of these things are Combo Video-level execution. GET THIS INTO YOUR HEAD. I play Pot, okay? I can't do 6K loops to save my life. My motor abilities rival those of a trained orangutan. And yet, I still win matches. It can be done, people.Alright, with that out of the way: This game is the full package. Deep, nucanced, fast-paced, balanced for fun and yet every character is 100% tournament viable. The amount of mechanical freedom you're given can be overwhelming at first, but once everything clicks, the battlefield becomes a canvas that you paint on. If you like you express yourself through your playstyle, look no further. No two Kys play quite the same, no two Slayers play quite the same. Every Millia plays like an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but still, you feel the little differences from player to player. I guarantee you.And Xrd rewards good reads like almost no other fighting game does. Every tool has a clear counter, and every counter can be baited. Hell, you have about five different options from blockstun alone. And nobody expects you to learn all of these from day 1 onwards. But what you have to understand is that playing this game is a learning process pretty much all the way through. There is no shame in burning all your meter on Faultless Defense, just like there are no ""optimal"" ways to play your Character.  There aren't even real optimal combo routes most of the time. Instead, you will find yourself observing your position on the screen and adjusting your punishes accordingly. If you're coming from Street Fighter V, where frame data is everything, this will absolutely blow your mind at first. But again, when you're finally starting to get it, you will wonder how a sterile, mathematical system like the one in SFV can even be considered ""fighting"", really.Finally, this game is absolutely breathtaking, on both a technical and an artistic level. If you even have a passing interest in 3D-modelling, this is the absolute cream of the crop. Character models morph and smear, with multiple shaders giving the game an impression if having animated 2D-Sprites. Occasionally, the game pans around the action to remind you that, no, these are actually 3D models, and they look fan-♥♥♥♥ing-tastic. The same can be said for the soundtrack, with Hard Rock and Metal riffs blasting trhough your speakers. J-Metal might not be everyone's cup of tea and it certainly isn't mine, usually. But Revelator remains one of the few fighting games where I still listen to the soundtrack instead of my own playlist.I mean, yeah, it's kind of expensive for an impulse buy, I get it. But look at me: I just wrote a 500-word essay on this game. And you read it, apparently (thanks, by the way). Here's the deal: I spent about 200 hours in SFV before I realized I just wasn't enjoying myself like I hoped I would. I am having *fun* in Xrd, more than I ever had in the Street Fighters. That's all I care about. Buy this game, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,520440,32124743,Posted: 2 June,all,Moony,"The reasons why I consider GG Xrd one of the best fighting games you can play nowadays:1. Unrivaled tutorial system - this game thoroughly teaches you how to play it. A huge amount of in-game situations is covered in the missions, where you can replay them over and over again in preparation for the real battle. There is no need for new players to figure out everything on their own or spend huge amounts of time looking for info on the Internet. There are also many beginners playing right now, so you don't have to worry about getting steamrolled all the time.2. Deep in-game mechanics that feel satisfying to learn and exploit. Just don't expect you will get used to most of them right away. But that is one of the many pleasures of learning a new fighting game - to see that you are able to progress with invested time and effort.3. Statistics and Replays - for those who want to improve even more.4. There is no need for you to learn long and execution-heavy combos to be able to start playing online - you can deal a good amount of damage even with basic confirms, so you can play at least on the basic level without hours of grinding in training.5. Solid and responsive netcode - I can't recall a game that provided me with such a good online experience. Additionally, there was no problem for me to find matches online (at least in EU region).6. Great visuals and soundtrack - also, I can run the game in 1080p on solid 60 FPS even on my below-average PC.Unrelated to fighting:- Tons of unlockables - and not just some stuff you dont give a jack about - there is some damn good content to be unlocked, for example: really interesting and often heart-warming interviews with seiyuu, great BGM from previous installments and so on.- Digital Figures - oh boy, creating dioramas with the characters is so much fun. I just recently discovered and started having fun with this mode. The stuff you can do there is just hilarious.To sum up, GG Xrd is definitely one of the best fighting games you can buy these days. If you are hesitating whether to buy it or not, I can certainly recommend buying the game and falling in love with it - you won't regret it.P.S.: I was thinking about it for quite some time now. It would be really awesome to be able to create a playlist of BGM from which the game would randomly select songs to play during matches. Most of the tracks are great, but I would really love to be able to have a smaller selection of tracks playing during my matches (changing them in between is just painful)."
,Recommended,520440,33488442,Posted: 12 July,all,★Kawasaky,"+ THE BEST  TUTORIALS OF A FIGHTING GAME EVER, HANDS DOWN. Not just a bad introduction to 3 combos, they teach you to play every single thing of the game, even the match-ups-+ Great netcode+ Amazing graphics+ Incredible optimization, I can play at 2560x1440 with everything at max settings at around 55/70 fps with a GTS 250 of 10 years ago+ good story mode, is like a movie+ great and fun characters, seriously, every character have personality, they are not clones, they are fun to play with or against.+ relatively balanced, not a single SSS+++ charater that obliterates every other. You can play and win with anyone of the roster.+ depth of  mechanics, not a shallow gameCons- The community could be bigger, but even with that use discord and you will always find people to play. I'll leave here some discords to try to make easier the introduction to this gem_____________General info:- Sub-Reddit:reddit.com/r/Guiltygear/- Steam player list:steamcommunity.com/app/520440/discussions/0/154643982161623417_____________General Discords channels- General Guilty Gear:discord.gg/0XHAUY5AppITX2Yo- Guilty gear Accent core + Revelator:discord.gg/0cg4vDDOfIW2urM4_____________Regional Discord channels:- European fighting game community:discord.gg/0TRfv0uy1A3UVXDd- Australian community:discord.gg/ZmHBtG8_____________edit: Please, buy this game with rev2 upgrade, makes everything that was already good even better."
76561198011582213,Recommended,520440,28364697,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,SeSqMakigarp,"First things first, I am a USF4 fan who started watching and playing in 2013. I absolutely loved the scene but barely played the game because I had never played a fighting game before. I have been playing now for about two years leading into the release of SFV. I expected and hoped for a decent game release and maybe some nice suprises with good content or menus or gameflow or something. It had none of these and continues to have none of these up to the release of season 2.I bought this game on steam release and I have been on it for 2 hours. So far it has made me question the legitimacy of Capcom(SFV's creator) even being a company. If you have made it this far, I apologize for ranting about a different game, but I think it is important perspective for others looking for perspectives and information.I will now list all of the things I have seen in 2 hours that have been ridiculously impressive(a lot of this stuff I am basically comparing to SFV).1. The menus: extremely concise and impressive layout and organization along with intuitive design.2. The flow of menus: going from menu to menu and into games is really fast and smooth.3. The characters: very interesting cast with unique designs; this is actually very very impressive and is basically the core of the game.4. The TUTORIALS and other single player modes:  THIS IS SO GOOD, WHOEVER MADE THIS STUFF deserves a medal.5. LOBBIES: oh my god I actually can't beleive how good this is... the amount of community and growth that can happen in just these lobbies with free chat, controllable little avatars, and cute emotes along with being able to kick a soccer ball around; this is all just so FUN. I never imagined I would say this but... the lobbies are FUN.6. Okay I kind of give up maybe I'll come back and finish this later but I can't find one thing SFV even has CLOSE to this game in terms of depth or design...At this point I am going to give this game a chance just from the sheer impressive work that has been put into this game. It is now time to experiment and have fun!"
,Recommended,520440,31940725,Posted: 24 May,all,Mr. Shakedown,Play Guilty Gear. Best FG on the market right now.-Great waifus-Cool dudes-Amazing soundtrack-Combos and mechanics have actual depth-Great waifus-Nice community ready to teach new players-The deepest lore-Very nice personalization options available-Great waifus
,Recommended,520440,32198161,Posted: 5 June,all,Samburger,"Man, this game is fantastic. I don't regret a single minute of the 300+ hours I've put in this game, it is exactly the game I was looking for for the longest time.It has:-Fast-paced, high-skill, gameplay-PHENOMENAL soundtrack-It has INCREDIBLY good looking graphics-An awesome cast of 25 completely unique characters with their special tools for pressure, neutral, combos, and oki-A decent story mode, albeit without gameplay-A good selection of single-player content: a great tutorial and training mode, as well as an arcade and story mode, plus the stupid fun of M.O.M mode, and my personal favorites: The fishing and digital figure modeMy only qualms with the game is the lack of actual gameplay in the story mode and there's a few characters I despise fighting, but the latter is only a personal complaint due to my lack of skill/matchup knowledgeHowever, this game isn't for everyone. It has a pretty small, but healthy and VERY skilled player base. But there are plenty of online resources and an excellent tutorial mode for learning the game, and matches can be found relatively easily by use of the discord server.Guilty Gear Xrd: -REVELATOR- is one of my favorite games to play, and I keep finding myself coming back to it almost every day, if you can handle the problems that come with playing a niche game in a niche genre, and are willing to dedicate the time to really learning this game and having fun with it, definetly buy it."
,Recommended,520440,28362187,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ashzu,"I have the game on PS4... it's pretty much the same thing so you're getting the same game as the people on PS4 except with the typical PC benefits. Game has no overworld lobby unlike on PS4 but the overworld lobby on PSN wasn't that good anyway and people played in player rooms, which this version has.Also as with the previous version on Steam you can turn down the graphics a bit to lower the input lag which isn't possible on PS4.So if you want the objectively best fighting game this generation then I'd recommend you get this if you don't have a console. Just keep in mind you may have to contact your local fighting game group if you want some solid matches."
76561198043972631,Recommended,520440,31366579,Posted: 25 April,all,SSJ | TeddyTreebark,"I played Sign for 6 months, and when I mean by play, I mean grind combos in the training room and doing nothing else as Millia. So, when revelator came out, I was super excited. Unlike Street fighter V's launch (Sorry Capcom fans please don't hate me) Revelator's launch went exteremly smoothly for me.So, let's take a look at what the game does well:+Netcode- HOLY MOTHER OF GOD THE NETCODE IS AMAZING. On average, I get 2-4 frames of delay and it feels like I'm playing on a console offline. Granted, this assuming you have anti-aliasing and post-effects off, but even with everything on, you'll get 5 frames at the max. The only netcode that can top Guilty Gear's is Killer Instinct.+Accessibility - Revelator has a wonderful tutorial minigame that teaches you basic mechanics such as roman canceling, bursting, Faultless def, air dashing etc. If you are wanting to learn a specific character, there is a combo mode that teaches their special moves and practical combos both easy and advanced. Lastly, Mission mode spoonfeeds you fighting game fundamentals, advanced mechanics of Guilty Gear, EVEN CHARACTER MATCH-UPS. They give you all the tools to be successful, it's up to you to put in the work.+Casual Appeal- Take notes Capcom, because this is why Guilty Gear and other fighters are on the rise. Revelator introduces a new control scheme called ""Stylish mode"", If you played UMvC3, it is same as playing on simple. While in stylish mode, you can press random buttons to automatically perform (unoptimized) combos with your character. I love this mode because It gives casuals a taste of what a character can do. If they want more, they can hit the combo dojo and play on technical. M.O.M. and acrade modes also help to appeal to casuals.+Balancing- By Far, Revelator is one the most balanced fighting games I've played. Yes, there is a tier list but the power level of all the characters is exteremly high and they have at least one glaring weakness. Everybody is viable. Case in point: A Player won Anime Ascension, a fighting game major, using Slayer who is considered low tier. Additionally, Every character is unique in terms of mechanics and playstyle. Meaning, there will be a character that you enjoy. Guranteed.+Visuals - THIS GAME LOOKS ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING. That's it.As good as Revelator is, it is not a perfect game. Here are some cons:- Information Overload - Despite having a good tutorial and Mission mode, There a lot of mechanics in Guilty Gear and remembering the universial mechanics in addition to your character's mechanics is overwhelming. Although it's better now, the tutorial still does throw a lot of information at you once and some parts of it needed to be sectioned out.-No incentive for Ranked Play - I personally don't bother with Ranked play to much, but for some people, the lack of people doing ranked matches is a turnoff. This is mostly because there is no incentive for improving your rank. Maybe have seasons and offer a color for your character if you reach a certain rank? I dunno, just throwing out ideas.-Not being able to specatate mid match- I know they are fixing it in rev2 but it is annoying that If I don't start specating before players start a match, I have to stare at tiny health bars and round markers.-Forced Character picks for most Missions- Although the missions teach you fundamentals, most of the time you will be playing as Sol or Ky which is kind of annoying if you don't play either of them. The mission mode would be perfect if you were able to chose your character for each mission to help the player learn what options the character has for different situations.Conclusion:If this is your first fighting game, I actually DO NOT recommend this game to get into fighters. The reason why is the information overload stated in the negatives part of the review. Street Fighter V may not be as flashy and fast as Guilty Gear, but fundamentals are apparent and eases you into the FGC the best.However, If you are an eager young newbie that is willing to put the work into this game, or FGC veteran looking for a game, or a Street Fighter V refugee or if you're just a fan of the Guilty Gear series, THIS GAME IS A MUST BUY.Thanks for reading and happy grinding!~TeddyTreebark"
,Recommended,520440,29432860,Posted: 22 January,all,RAD,best fighting game on the market. if youre not playing GG and you love fighting games youre doing yourself a disservice
,Recommended,520440,28650685,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,2KI,"You may think this game could simply be an expensive DLC for Guilty Gear Xrd -SIGN- and you'd be wrong.Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR- brings up new characters, new game mechanics, global lighting, a new lobby system, a new story arc and a lot more goodies (extended gallery, diorama figures, fishing...).Dizzy, Johnny, Jam get back to Guilty Gear along withCrowRaven from Guilty Gear 2: Overture and 2 brand-new characters, no need to say that the amount of detail fits Xrd standards (anime like shadows and moves, now even with global lighting)New mechanics are definitely notthatnew/exiting but they still add something to the gameplay, the new lobby system on the other hand is amazing: you get your customizable avatar moving around inside a room with actual cabinets (max 4 + 1 for training mode) and you challenge people in line on the room, amazing.Story mode feels actually a lot better than Xrd -SIGN- one because the team focused more on ""anime"", with better photography and camera angles and the addition of global lighting.Finally goodies section is so huge... a few honorable mentions are: voice actor bonus speech, diorama action figures, usable (during fights) music tracks from all over Guilty Gear history.Of courseeverythingfrom the paragraph above on top of Guilty Gear Xrd -SIGN-, probably with a better netplay (lv.3 connections grant you a very good match, lv.4 connections allow totally safe reaction play throughout the game, very enjoyable).Right now I cannot recommend any fighting game for PC better than this one and personally I think this is one of the greatest ones I ever played.Strongly recommended for everyone, a must have for anime and/or fighting games enthusiasts."
,Recommended,520440,28817869,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,AncientPancakes,"Hello readers. I'm back again to review a title that I am quite fond of. Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator. This is an update to Guilty Gear Xrd Sign that came out last year, and while it may not add 5,000 metric tons of saucy content that fans might be expecting, the fact is that this game is one of the finest fighting games IN EXISTENCE.For newcomers to the fighting game genre, Guilty Gear can be a bit daunting, like going 12 rounds against Godzilla in a Primetime Heavyweight Boxing match for the grand title. But never fear newcomers. Revelator sports one of the finest tutorials in all of fighting games. They teach you all the mechanics from moving your character to even performing basic option selects. Isn't that just wonderful?As far as new content in Revelator, there are some worthwhile additions to know about. Most notable are new characters Johnny, Jack-O, Jam, Raven, Haehyun, and Dizzy. All of them look great in action AS TO BE EXPECTED. The entire game has received new shading graphical stuff that makes the game look even more impressive if that's even possible. Needless to say, this is my pick for best looking fighting game of all time. It's like 3d models made to look like 2d sprites and it's just beautiful madness. And the soundtrack? The sound track is jamming. Dozens of delicious rock tracks, new and old from past games, make this OST an exciting barbeque rib platter that always keeps you coming back for more.One thing that needs to be mentioned are the lightning fast load times. Compared to games like Street Fighter 5, and even the PS4 version of Revelator, the load times in this are top tier quaility. It takes no time at all to start match after match and, for fighter enthusiasts who will be grinding on this game for days to come, you will appreciate this.So let's talk about the core gameplay itself. How would I describe it in one word? Dynamic, Saucetastic, Gratifying, Elegant, Gorilla, Off-the-Backboard Dunk, and Crusher Ball. Any one of those words would suffice. The gameplay is incredibly deep with many, many different universal mechanics to learn. Things like Roman Cancels and Burst keep you invloved at all times and with so many ways to use resources, the depth of this game is like the a deep sea ocean trench covered in an eternal darkness that beckons to swallow any unfortunate soul who wanders too close to its saucy aroma.The characters all have great designs and very different playstyles. Most characters have a defining trait or mechanic that makes it quite the endeavor just to learn one character in this game. It rewards practice and creativity, AND I LIKE THAT. Any fighting game fan will appreciate the originality and depth that the gameplay and characters bring to the table.At the end of the day, if you are fan of fighters, this is a game that you should literally have in your shopping cart at this very moment. If your wallet isn't in your hand right this minute ready to make a transaction leading to your ownership of this title, than I would suggest you take steps toward that end. It's got sublime music, top of the line graphics and visuals, and a fighting game system that rivals any other. This is one philly cheese steak that deserves some more support.To sum things up, If Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator was a beverage, it would most likely be Universe Juice. Thank you for reading this review."
,Recommended,520440,31986060,Posted: 26 May,all,Carnage,"Having been a fan of the Street Fighter franchise as well as a gigantic fan of the Smash community, I can safely say in my opinion this is one of the most well polished fighting games. It expands upon some of the great things that side scrolllers like SF and MK do well and created an enviroment where truly dynamic play can occur some of like you've seen in Melee, very free flowing combos.For new players the amount of training, missions and tutorials available make this game superior above all other fighting games. Never before have I seen the full potential of the game broken down into easy to undersand lessons for beginners, new players and players looking to improve.If you're on the fence, I'd say get it. It's worth it."
76561198070627041,Recommended,520440,31631943,Posted: 8 May,all,よわい/needgod,"I have played this game for over 100 hours on ps4 and I like it so much that I also bought it on pc (which is something I rarely do). This is my first review and I don't even know where to begin with this game, so I am just going to write a somewhat unorganized block of text.Guilty gear xrd revelator is an ""anime fighting game"" meaning it is in the same sub category of fighting games, as things like blazblue, melty blood, undernight in-birth etc.,. However I personally do not find that guilty gear feels like any of the other games mentioned, or any fighting game I have ever played for that matter. Guilty gear has a unique and positively gorgeous aesthetic. Instead of the typical anime game sprites, guilty gear has extremely well animated and very detailed 3d models. Character models have neat little touches like little bits of writing on their clothing and every one of their animations from their jabs to their supers are smooth, detailed and convincing. I have occaisionally found myself in awe of certain character's expressive facial animations during their attacks. What makes the characters even more visually appealing is just how good their overall designs are. Each character has their own identity design wise and I personally think that every single one of them is appealling in their own way. The stages are gorgeous too, every stage has unique lighting and is very visually interesting in general (there is no training stage), I never get tired of looking at them.Aside from its unique aesthetic the gameplay and mechanics really set the game apart as well. There are a lot of universal mechanics and tools that every character has access to, for example: there are three types of blocking, a metered parry that if held down becomes a focus attack, guard cancels, a burst (combo breaker) which can be used outside of combos to grant full meter, and can be easily baited and punished if used carelessly, roman cancels which come in three forms and allow any attack to be canceled by using meter, instant kills; a stylish way to finish off your oppenent when they have low health but require meter to be comboed into. I probably missed a few, but all these things in addition to the unique way guilty gear handles throws and knockdown / wakeup game (there is no ground teching, throws are nearly instant and extremely hard to break) serves to give guilty gear very unique gameplay that is not all about running up to your opponent and comboing them for thirty seconds, but is more about outmaneuvering your oppent and controling the match. Huge combos are still in the game though, but they are usually not very long time wise and are quite rewarding to pull off.Each character has a distinct playstyle with many characters being hard to classify into traditional fighting game archetypes, and the ones that do fall into traditional archetypes like: grappler, zoner, shoto etc., are some of the coolest takes on those archetypes I have seen. In addition to having unique tools and playstyles each character also has execution quirks that make them feel unique to control for example: some character make use of a technique called jump installing while other have moves that can be faultless defense cancelled, on a less jargony level some characters make use of links while others can chain all their attacks toghether freely. To top it off this game is quite well balanced and will be getting even more so when the rev 2 update comes out in June. Tournament top 8s often feature 8 different characters which is rare for a fighting game that isn't tekken, and many big tournaments have been won by people using characters that are considered low tier. This means that you can find a character you like and not have to worry about how viable they are ( warning!! you might never be able to decide on a main )Guilty gear features a heavy metal/rock soundtrack with some chill tracks, there are also some really catchy vocal tracks by Naoki Hashimoto, lead singer of the japanese band Outrage. All voice acting is done in japanese, and the performances are great all around, the cast itself has some pretty famous voice actors like takehito koyasu, junichi suwabe, and hikaru midorikawa. The game features a great tutorial mode, as well as combo mode which teaches you viable character combos, mission mode which teaches basic and advanced techniques as well as how to handle different situations and mathch ups, episode mode which is a series of fights with character specific cutscenes at the beginning and end, versus mode, M.O.M mode aka. arcade mode on steroids, story mode which is basically a movie made in the game's engine, gallery mode where you can buy ( with in-game currency ) additional character colors, music tracks, artwork and more, digital figure mode which allows you to create dioramas, and finally online mode which has great netcode ( as little as one frame delay, usually no more than 4, in my experience) and is pretty active ( since the rev 2 demo is out on ps4 many people are playing that right now so online might be less active than usuall ) when looking for player matches, not many people play ranked. The lobby mode which the console versions have is being added in the rev 2 update.If you read my entire review I thank you. If you have any questions feel free to ask."
,Recommended,520440,32332686,Posted: 10 June,all,ChosenMoist,"One of, if not, THE most underrated fighting game currently out. Its amazing smooth, well designed with a variety of characters and mechanics. So much fun to play and so rewarding to get combos. The soundtrack is also amazing. Definitely check this game out and add it to your fighting game library.  I used to play street fighter and melee but this game has much more to offer for me than either of those ever could. GAHDLIKE/10"
76561197970701643,Recommended,520440,32210279,Posted: 5 June,all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,This can be played with a flight-stick.
76561198064355512,Recommended,520440,28380412,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Joeyjoejoejoejoe,Our lord and savior Daisuke has graciously allowed Guilty Gear - R E V E L A T O R - to come to PC.Praise be onto him.
,Recommended,520440,30937712,Posted: 4 April,all,PaperzMask,"GG Xrd -REVELATOR-I will keep this review short & on point only, I am playing this game on PS4 since its day one release & recently got the game on Steam coz I Love this game, Steam version surprised me with its even better netcode over PS4 version at the same time disappointed me with Lobby mode.***The Rock factors***-Solid game.-Extremely fun combat-Game is more balanced & improved than Xrd -SIGN--Great Netcode-Graphically it looks perfect as an Anime style game.-The best tutorial mode of any fighting game so far***The Fuzz factors***-Lobby mode is no where like PS4's lobby mode where the game feels like a big party of all GG lovers.-Minor bugs are there specially matchmaking bug.Overall - If u like Fast paced fighting titles then dont think about anything else, get it, its one of the best 2D fighting title out there right now with a great roster.Let's Rock !!"
76561198001050717,Recommended,520440,33112811,Posted: 1 July,all,KOREAN KID,Fully Recommend as Masterpiece!
,Recommended,520440,32884865,Posted: 27 June,all,BiriBiri,at last Tatami gaeshi!!
,Recommended,520440,32944263,Posted: 28 June,all,VitaminBees,I suck at this game but I have a hard on for Baiken.But also my first fighting game and the tutorial is very helpful for some as inept myself. The art-style and animation is very stunning and flows very smoothly. Can't wait to sink more hours into this and rage more.
,Recommended,520440,29072951,Posted: 6 January,all,CoffeeGuy22,"Daisuke Ishiwatari (praise be unto his name) once again blesses the PC platform with Guilty Gear, the greatest fighting game, and possibly the greatest video game. However, this time the very latest and greatest iteration of the series: Revelator. All you need to know is that purchasing this game will make the world a better place.alsothisgamerunssurprisinglywellonweakersystems"
,Recommended,520440,33720571,Posted: 22 July,all,Pandemic,"One of the best fighting games out there. The game has incredible depth, it's gorgeous to look at and it has some of the best offline content and tutorials of any fighting game out there. The one downfall is it's small community but with a bit of networking you can almost completely circumvent that one flaw. I'd highly recommend it to anyone who wants a fast paced, skill intensive figher with unique character designs and mechanics."
,Recommended,520440,33873876,Posted: 28 July,all,Tapwater,"I mean, if you're going to put the effort into learning a fighting game, you may as well play the best.I am complete garbage at this game, but I don't care. It's fantastic."
,Recommended,520440,28473503,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Jessagon,"I honestly couldn't believe I hadn't played a Guilty Gear before this one.Guilty Gear Xrd - REVELATOR- has absolutely stunning visuals and incredible gameplay. The story, although unwelcoming to newcomers like myself, is interesting enough to it make me want to play the previous entries that I'd missed, which is rare in a fighting game.  The gameplay is fast paced with many unique mechanics to help balance the diverse character play styles.If you are new to fighting games, GGxrdR also comes with a fun (actually fun) tutorial, covering all of the basics, along with an incredible number of combo tutorials for every character as well as missions to teach you more about the game and how to overcome specific character match-ups.  I really wish more fighting games were as in-depth as this.The only big con is that because the game is so niche, and the playerbase is split between the PS4 and now PC, the online can be a little unreliable to find matches.  You will probably have to do some networking on appropriate forums or find friends to play with if you want consistant matches around your skill level.  Even if you never play online, there are tons to do with the large amount of combo tutorials and missions to complete.If you're looking for a modern day fighting game, or just an incredibly solid, complex, traditional fighter, look no further than Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR-, because it will completely fill that void.What if you've never played a Guilty Gear before like me?  Well let's just say that this made me a fan.Just be prepared to put in the time if you want to be any decent.  I myself have a lot of catching up to do.  ;)"
,Recommended,520440,29734394,Posted: 5 February,all,jamesseverin,Best current fighting game available.
,Recommended,520440,31687045,Posted: 11 May,all,Autodidact,"What a game. ASW Learning from feedback and providing a PC port of Rev 2 literally only 4 days after the PS4 launch date in NA, a far cry from the year and a half that SIGN took. Definitely (imo) the best fighting game actively played in the fgc scene today when it comes to gameplay AND content.If you have not bought this game yet, I highly recommend waiting until June 1 for the Rev 2 standalone to come out, which will be $40 and contain everything in Revelator PLUS new DLC."
76561198065257299,Recommended,520440,33286935,Posted: 5 July,all,Nyagro,"I do not always write reviews on steam (in fact in all these years I haven't done a single one), but when I do it has to be about Guilty Gear.Seriously though, this game is so great I literally feel obligated to do so.I always loved fighting games even though I wasn't particularly good at anyone. I still played quite a few but none hooked me up like this one.I only knew Arcsys from previous titles like Blazblue, a game I also liked but despite the huge tutorial with loads of info about fighting games in general, I couldn't fully dedicate myself to the game and get good at it.This changed with the recent GG: Revelator title.I immediately fell in love with the art style and character design which looks REALLY polished. Each character  has really some ""character"", meaning personality, and all play vastly different, offering various gimmicks and approaches in combat.Additionally GG offers an awesome tutorial which -unlike in BlazBlue- doesn't slam all the info in your face, but instead gives you a mild approach to the very basics. If you want to dive further into the matter you can learn some basic combos for each character and get introduced to various situations you might face in combat.You can clearly see that Arcsys really cares about bringing in new players which also include total fighting game newbies and they've done a great job with that. In fact the best one I have seen in my life so far.I even bought the all-in-one package which is about 55 bucks but is worth every single penny and I don't regret anything about it and never will.It is my most precious purchase I have ever made as a gamer on par with Overwatch (maybe even better). This may sound a bit overwhelmingly positive and you may think: ""This guy is without a doubt sponsored..."" or whatever. But trust me when I say that I'm not and I'm not a person who praised any game company until now but the devs did a great job and earned my respect.SO THANK YOU FOR MAKING SUCH A GREAT GAME!. KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK!LUV U GUYS! :D"
76561198118563807,Recommended,520440,33215223,Posted: 3 July,all,Ser_renely,How is this game not more popular?I heart Elphelt
,Recommended,520440,28368128,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dekudeku,"I'm fairly returning player to the fighting games genre, playing daily for an hour or 3. I've been told that Guilty Gear games have a great tutorial that makes everything pale in comparison.They weren't joking.Yes, I'm aware that this review for now is going to be me gushing over the tutorial mode, but I wasn't expecting to be that basic and engaging at the same time. For example, you navigate from the left side of the screen to the right as you dodge traps on the ground and floating flames. To learn combos you get monsters that have comic-book style clouds that have a letter inside that corresponds to the button you need to press next (Punch - Kick - Slash - Heavy Slash - Dust). And that's just scratching the surface, because I haven't even read the in-game FAQ to pick a character (the FAQ suggests Sol or Ky if you're new to the game so I'll go with one of them).Can't believe that I've spent an hour learning the basics of the game in an effective and fun way.I will be updating my review the more I dive into this game, but rest assured that it's a great fighting game to get into fighting games. My only fear is that Steam's online matchmaking will feel deserted in a week or two, because the game doesn't have cross-platform matchmaking. I hope that finding people through communities and chatrooms (Reddit, Discord) to practice with will suffice.(And if you're new and from EU feel free to add me)."
76561198007556125,Recommended,520440,29652163,Posted: 2 February,all,kaworu,"at this moment one of the best (if not the best) fighting games in history.in short:+ great modes to learn and train+ a lot of different (and complex) battle mechanics. that is not your usual ""street fighter"" thing.+ many stylish and unique characters+ stunning sound track+ dev support and game evolving+/- several hours long story mode without any interactions, just like half of a season of some anime movie. (but here is traditional ""arcade"" story mode with battles and short movies too)"
,Recommended,520440,29620776,Posted: 31 January,all,Mister Artorias,"Do you like fighting games?Do you like flashy animations?Are you absolutely garbage at fighting games in general?If any of these apply, then you should most definitely get yourself a copy of this game.GG Revelator slaps you in the face with intuitive combat mechanics, great character designs, and one hell of a tutorial system. No, seriously. It's the best fighting game tutorial you'll find nowadays. It covers the basic and advanced fundamentals of combat mechanics, movement / positioning, and character matchups. This game is extremely welcome to beginner and veteran players alike.You're getting a pretty fair amount of content for $50, especially if you've never bought the previous version, Guilty Gear Xrd Sign. Either way, this game is fantastic and should be in the library of anyone that enjoys fighting games."
76561198115647317,Recommended,520440,32911882,Posted: 27 June,all,I Will Spare None Of You Pez,"Great fighting game with amazing tutorial for newcomers, unique fighting system with diverse characters."
,Recommended,520440,34302380,Posted: 17 August,all,McDuders,"WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW:(Which Guilty Gear Xrd is the right one?) The most current one is Rev2, which also has the most users currently. It is an expansion of Revelator. You can get the full package by getting Rev and Rev2 for $45, or get the game with every DLC pack for $60 (you MUST buy Revelator to get Rev2. Sign is a seperate game entirely). Steam sales do not apply.Positives:+AMAZING 3d characters modeled to look like 2d characters.+Fantastic Anime artstyle and hard rock soundtrack.+25 characters, each with their own completely unique design and gameplay. I GUARANTEE your favorite character will be in this game!+BEST TUTORIAL IN ANY FIGHTING GAME! Jack-O teaches you the basics by letting you fight her minions! LEARN AND HAVE FUN PLAYING MINIGAMES WHILE DOING IT!+Little FAQ bubbles every time you pause will help you master the basics, among other things!+M.O.M. mode makes for a great single player experience collecting power-ups and stat boosters to fight the cpu!+Very smooth online experience with frame delay shown at all times!+FANTASTIC lobby system! Create your own little avatar and walk around in rooms with up to 8 or sometimes 64 players!+One of the most complex 2d fighting games out there with SO MUCH to learn!Negatives:-Confusing presentation at first. Navigating the menus and various other things will take a few tries.-Confusing story mode (encyclopedia and other useful things help, but only for so far).-Tutorial teaches you the bare basics of how fighting games are played, but not much detail into bursts, faultless defence, blitz shield, and all of the things that make Guilty Gear stand out from other fighting games.-Players have fled Ranked and currently stick around in custom lobbies.-Worth $45? $60? Probably for online mode or playing with friends, but not much else.-Lack of GGPO (although not a big deal for most, since online is pretty smooth)-One of the most complex 2d fighting games out there with SO MUCH to learn...WHAT DO YOU THINK?There's so much love put into every little detail like the presentation, the bursts, the defence, the combos however long or short, the character designs, and even little things like making a little square-headed avatar for lobbies and fishing for random cosmetics that it's really hard not to love this game if you're really into fighters. If you're not, it's going to be hard getting into Guilty Gear (especially at it's price range), but the tutorial in this game will get you on the right foot. If you like this game and need some help, now is the time to join. New players are already joining Rev2 in anticipation for Dragonball Fighters Z, ArcSys's newest title. I recommend getting this game on sale at some point, but otherwise is such a good fighter. Get some friends and join us on Discord! You won't regret it!"
76561198315969955,Recommended,520440,32096532,Posted: 31 May,all,creamyballs,"I rarely write reviews but this game deserves one. A lot of positive comments here forget to mention these:- Load times are almost non-existent in this game. You're in training mode and want to go back to the Main Menu? Boom! You're in the Main Menu. This game knows you want to brawl not waste time with some annoying loading screens.- The game is well optimized for PC. Aside from running smoothly (1080p @ 60fps), it doesn't make the fan spin crazy. You can play this game non-stop without worrying about overheating.- Not expensive compared to other games. The original price of the base game was around $50 (in cdn) and now it's $20 less, making the cost of Rev 2 DLC almost free. What more could you ask for?- If you're a newcomer, don't worry. There's in-game FAQ and game modes like combo tutorials so there's no need for you to google stuff. The game has everything you need to start.Man, I couldn't recommend this game enough and this is coming from a SFV player.Compared to SFV, this has lots of great content for both offline and online play.If you're still not convinced after reading all of the positive comments here, then I don't know what to say.Rev 2 DLC is out! Buy it along with this game and support great devs like ArcSys.Heck, Rev 2 DLC isn't even expensive compared to SFV DLCs. Thanks ArcSys.I'm so excited to play Answer, dang I have to stop typing now."
,Recommended,520440,29249652,Posted: 14 January,all,いつか届く、あの空に,Perfect! This is my favourite FTG.Heaven or Hell?Let's ROCK!!!
,Recommended,520440,34592286,Posted: 29 August,all,Hex the Princess,"Dragon Ball Fighters Z waiting room.But really it's the most well made fighting game on the market, Get some friends into at and you will have a grand time.Ranked mode is not very active so its hard to find people your same skill level but the lobby system is near perfect."
76561197992362101,Recommended,520440,34471488,Posted: 24 August,all,HANDS UP GIMME YOUR MMR,"SF5 was my first fighting game, I really regret buying it.I definitely recommend Guilty Gear instead, the online lobbies are better, single player and training mode are miles ahead of SF5."
,Recommended,520440,29277546,Posted: 15 January,all,Vayne,"The absolute best fighting game! This is coming from +250 hours in SFV, +50 hours in KI and MKX. The amount of polish in this game is mindblowing as well."
,Recommended,520440,30172705,Posted: 25 February,all,Tomata O'Hare,Dizzy's thighs.
,Recommended,520440,32323874,Posted: 10 June,all,Eltanin,"My first serious foray into the traditional fighting game genre and boy oh boy, what an introduction this game was.While I did play games like Marvel vs Capcom, Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter on Arcades as a kid, I never really looked into *actually* playing the games back then as all I really did was mash buttons and watch my character get beat up by the CPU. Recently however, I started longing for something to scratch that (traditional) fighting game itch and after much deliberation, I decided on getting Guilty Gear and out of all the possible choices I could've had, I sure am ecstatic that it was my choice.Not only is Guilty Gear Xrd a game that is overflowing with style in its yet-to-be-matched visual presentation and graphics accompanied by its soundtrack-made-to-literally-rock-your-world but it is also a game that is filled to the brim with substance in its mechanical depth and gameplay. Though a game with an incredible skill ceiling and a considerable skill floor; its comprehensive tutorials, FAQs, combo/specials training and match-up tutorials makes the transition for even someone like me who is a total newbie to a beginner to a competent novice a very pleasant non-gruelling experience. Add on its completely lovable, quirky, badass, overflowing-with-personality cast of playable characters and you have yourself a title that's hard not to recommend.With the great netcode the game currently has, the quirky and unique online lobby system it sports in which playing on arcade stations is emulated, as well as all else that have already been mentioned, there is very little reason as to why you shouldn't try this out."
,Recommended,520440,29946977,Posted: 15 February,all,TFGRhinehart,"Rev 2 Update:The Rev 2 update will be coming soon as a $20 DLC update, and if Rev 2 is your first outing to the Guilty Gear series, it'll cost somewhere between $40-50.  I'll post more on that later when it comes out June 1st, but Rev 2 will have a LOT of new features.The training mode, stylish mode (easier control scheme for beginners) and FAQs are still there, so the game will still help newcomers to the series git gud, but not only that, there will be beginner restricted lobbies that'll keep higher leveled players out so beginners and casual players can enjoy playing the game in relative peace.Other new lobby features include network colors (up or down arrows of various colors to indicate the level of a player's skill in relation to yours), three win cabinets (where players can go best of three matches in the center of the lobby), and treasure chests (which give you random prizes from the gallery, much like fishing, except they can only be opened once daily).Seriously, every time Guilty Gear Xrd releases a new update, there's more and more reasons to play it.Source:http://gematsu.com/2017/04/guilty-gear-xrd-rev-2-pc-launches-june-1-online-lobbies-detailedOriginal Review:Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR- improves on everything -SIGN- brought to the table,  Blitz shields can now be held for a (blockable) stagger attack, which can even be used in some combos.  The game's still pretty high execution, but some chraacters are easier to play than others.  I'm a Chipp main, so the struggle to git gud is real.  Still, I love how much this game pushes its players.  But don't worry if you're new to fighting games, the tutorial's got you covered, mission mode teaches game mechanics and tips the tutorial doesn't, and combo mode teaches you character specific moves and combos.Online is more populated than -SIGN- was on Steam because now it's up to date with the console release (until Rev 2 comes out, anyway), and there's people of all skill levels playing at any given time.  There are a lot of people who are REALLY good at the game who you'll probably run into, but there are some beginners as well.But if you bought the game, and the tutorials, missions and combo modes aren't enough enough to teach you everything you want to know (and they do kinda leave out a few things), check out the Guilty Gear Crash Course on YouTube, dustloop forums or the Guilty Gear Discord channel.  I'll post those at the end of my review in a resources section.Pros:The game's cast is extremely diverse, every character has a different fighting style.The in-game track selection now includes songs from the vocal collection (as well as vocal versions of songs from previous games in the franchise).Fishing lets you obtain random unlockables pretty cheap, but you'll get a lot of fish (but every 10 fish you get gives you a new unlockable!).The game gives you so many options at all times.  Once you get a feel for what you can do, situationally, you'll find yourself improving dramatically.  The more time and effort you put into the game, the more it gives back.If you get exhausted from mission, combo or online modes, play the story mode (recommended if you completed -SIGN-'s story mode (the order of events go -SIGN- arcade mode, -SIGN- story mode, -REVELATOR- episode mode (basically just arcade mode again) and -REVELATOR- story mode.  I really CAN'T stress how good the game's story is.  I have friends who haven't watched it yet and I'm all like ""DO IT!""  Seriously, it's so good.Cons:The execution barrier and skill of high level players can be intimidating to new players who hop online and suddenly get bodied, BUT DON'T GIVE UP!  And remember to have fun.They did nerf reversal timing from -SIGN-, so if you really want to do a reversal, you have to wait longer.  But it's better to just block on your wakeup.  Reversals are that bad now.Resources:Guilty Gear Crash Course:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLj34EySs1IeZ8GpjKW8R2T6dzI6B3GSuHGuilty Gear Forums:http://www.dustloop.com/forums/index.php?/forums/Discord Server:https://discord.gg/Xrh8MYVHigh Level Replays:https://keeponrock.inGuide:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1117790766I recently started writing a guide to Guilty Gear guides here on Steam 'cuz I was tired of dumping tons of links on new players.  Now I can just dump one link with tons of other links inside it!"
,Recommended,520440,28859882,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Luisfius,"Embrace the anime, again.Music is still fantastic.Characters have been rebalanced.Old and new characters have been added to the roster.Yeah. It is similar to what Capcom was doing with the SF2 and SF3 revisions. Personally I would like it more if they went with a model like SF5's where it is a basegame that gets more characters and revisions all the time, but hey, the SF2  model works for Arc.I just hope that in the next version they add Justice, or Kliff, or Testament.I need to get better at Faust."
,Recommended,520440,32658639,Posted: 22 June,all,elMagnum,"Gorgeous graphics, intense gameplay, complete tutorial and excellent story mode.It revives the classic in the best way possible!"
76561198002848904,Recommended,520440,29579652,Posted: 29 January,all,HarryKHunt,"A crazy anime game that still has more defensive mechanics, footsies, and zoning than SFV. Better waifus too."
76561197962782432,Recommended,520440,33897075,Posted: 29 July,all,Raxero,"Best fighting game on the market. Complex, deep and addicting."
,Recommended,520440,30886286,Posted: 1 April,all,⎛⎝ 氷竜 AeRo ⎠⎞,"This game is amazing, superrrrrrr fun and i love the soundtracks in this game!Im coming from a SF (StreetFighter) background so pretty different in mechanics and im loving this game despite it feeling a lot different to what im used to!Fully recommend!10/10"
,Recommended,520440,29053004,Posted: 5 January,all,Jarxo,Dizzy got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥er)
,Recommended,520440,33193618,Posted: 3 July,all,Ruzen,Bought because of I wanted to learn this developer games playstyle due to upcoming DBFZ.First time I bought from this company and I ♥♥♥♥ing loved It!AAA content. AAA quality.Top notch execution.SFV was pure garbage devs lost their passion. These guys created amasing here.100% FUN both watching and playing.
76561198084402973,Recommended,520440,30246348,Posted: 28 February,all,RyanRAW,If you are a fighting game fan you owe it to yourself to buy Guitly Gear Xrd: Revelator.
,Recommended,520440,30253627,Posted: 28 February,all,Linna,"A series that has already been consistently amazing (even with the bizarre Isuka) is back and better than ever. Revelator is a master class in everything that makes fighting games work. Super tight gameplay, seemingly endless depth, incredible personality through strong character designs coupled with an incredible soundtrack, tons of content and likely the best tutorials in fighting games so far, you owe it to yourself to play Revelator if you have so much as a passing interest in fighting games.The only drawback is that there's no cross-platform play, which means online matches can be a bit few and far between. Literally the only thing I would change about the game, other than that it's complete perfection. Buy this."
,Recommended,520440,33976930,Posted: 2 August,all,Halaa,"Probably the best fighting game ever made and one that I don't see myself getting bored of anytime soon. Let me break it down for you:Pros:-Best fighting game tutorial of all time-Diverse cast of characters that have completely different styles of play from each other-Relatively balanced game, you can do well with any character (low tier character got top 8 at EVO 2017 and mid tier got second place)-Beautiful graphics and art style-Fantastic soundtrack-Deep gameplay with a near endless learning curve that will keep you coming back-Tightly knit community of dedicated players-Quickly growing competitive scene-Easy to find games using player lobbies-Control scheme is great for pad players-Good amount of single player content-A well written story with a ton of detailCons:-Ranked is dead-Fighting good players will make you enjoy the taste of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Overall, if you're looking for a fighting game that isn't mind numbing garbage *cough*streetfighterV*cough* then look no further than Guilty Gear."
,Recommended,520440,33637989,Posted: 18 July,all,This Being,"One of if not the best fighting game I have ever played. Good Tutorial, and great for beginners. Once you get the basics down in a couple of hours and can start to play at a beginner level, you are already having a blast. The graphics are amazing expecially when you downscale it. Runs very well with good netcode. Highly reccomend the purchase. If you purchase make sure you also purchase the REV 2 upgrade otherwise you will not find anyone to play with."
,Recommended,520440,33724558,Posted: 22 July,all,Jawpz,"A decent fast paced fighting game with many different features and a thriving community. Beautiful visuals, plenty of fan service and the best tutorial you will ever find in a fighting game. If you're looking to start fighting games and maybe feel overwhelmed by the genre as they are incredibly difficult as well as there being a huge choice then this game is the ideal first stepping stone due to being new player friendly.Just be sure to get Rev 2 dlc if you do decide to pick it up."
76561198036561843,Recommended,520440,29358040,Posted: 19 January,all,Owlflame,OMG!!!!Pros:Buy this game!!!!Tutorial that teaches you literally everything.Counter matchup videos for characters you're struggling against.Tons of characters all really well balanced.Great visual design.I love the avatar system. It's adorable.Cons: You can not get the english version of any character's voices. There isn't a single word of spoken english in this game.
,Recommended,520440,30390215,Posted: 8 March,all,"freddie ""bong hit"" johnson",good game if you like good games
,Recommended,520440,28400538,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,-Sajin-,"Warning: This game is really hard...and also extremely fun.I'm brand new to the guilty gear franchise but I'm definitely having fun with the newest release of the franchise. I can't say how it compares to the previous iterations but I can say that its definitely well made and well optimized. The load screens in this game are practically non-existent and matchmaking is a breeze. The community is fairly niche from what I can tell so I don't expect it to blow up like street fighter but its much easier to play with friends in comparison to other fighting games.My favorite part of the game so far has been the online lobby system. The game features lobbies called ""player rooms"" where you can have up to 8 people join in and play on virtual guilty gear machines. You get to walk around and customize your little avatar and talk to each other while queuing for the machines. I know it sounds silly but it's actually amazing. Most fighting games require you to have a 3rd party application for organizing games with your friends but here you can just hang out in the same lobby and all take turns at your discretion. Its a fantastic feature that makes social interactions between players very easy which is great for a niche fighting game such as this.As for the gameplay itself, I gotta say, It's really hard. I'm not an expert at fighting games by any means, but I'm having a bit of trouble understanding all the mechanics at hand here. If you're interested in picking this game up, be warned that it has a bit of a learning curve. Be prepared to devote some time to adjust to the gameplay and still lose for quite a while.With that said, I still think Guilty Gear -Revelator- is absolutely worth the price and I give it a full recommendation"
,Recommended,520440,33605341,Posted: 17 July,all,Cat Bastard.,"Coming from BlazBlue, this game is surprisingly easier to pick up. Partially because of the similarities but the tutorial and missions really help."
,Recommended,520440,33363890,Posted: 7 July,all,Nekroyd,"First off, lemme just say one thing: I'm not a big fighting game type of guy. I've tried a variety of fighters, such as Marvel vs. Capcom, Street Fighter, Skullgirls, and Blazblue. Then I purchased this game. I have never played a Guilty Gear game before, but this game's tutorial is the best for any person who's new to fighting games, along with a great art style, responsive controls, and AMAZING online play."
76561198025735056,Recommended,520440,29776932,Posted: 7 February,all,Arsène,"My main is an american wannabe japanese ninja that yells random japanese words such as ""sushi"" and ""kabuki"" when using his specials. On the side he wants to replace Trump as a president.Note that an update that cost around ~20 bucks will be released during spring, adding 2 characters and bringing new stuff to the whole cast10/10 weeb would play again(Seriously tho if the anime style doesn't bother you this is by FAR the best fighting game you'll find)"
76561198081651573,Recommended,520440,30953693,Posted: 4 April,all,Joker Goon #4,Fun and Addicting. Best fighting game I have ever palyed so far!!
76561197989131925,Recommended,520440,31954233,Posted: 25 May,all,The Laughing Man,The game is just all around great. Stable and beautifully presented with a good amount of content and complex gameplay that allows for a huge amount of replayability.Multiplayer has great support though ranked is hard for low ranked players at least in my experience. Rev2 should help I think as more PC players join in.
,Recommended,520440,29369489,Posted: 19 January,all,dadpixel,yo this some good♥♥♥♥♥shit
,Recommended,520440,34557536,Posted: 28 August,all,Annelotte,Why is this game so much fun!!!!!!!
,Recommended,520440,33640838,Posted: 18 July,all,Jimmy Russel,"One of the best fighting games out there right now. Great tutorial, very skill intensive but also easy to get into. Recommended for people who want to try out airdash type fighters let alone fighting games in general."
76561198062306804,Recommended,520440,29477205,Posted: 24 January,all,Robert Sled,fighting game for people who want to be challenged by fighting games without ever having to even play online. having a lot of fun with just trying to complete everyones combo missions
76561198026428358,Recommended,520440,29685930,Posted: 3 February,all,Salamander33,Amazing . Best fighting game i ever played and to mention  nice - looking .
,Recommended,520440,34651694,Posted: 31 August,all,ggsnipes,its a good game
76561198032769284,Recommended,520440,32398822,Posted: 13 June,all,Mr.Chainsmoker,"As a pretty avid fighting game player (never cared for Street Fighter but played a lot of Smash, SCV, MKX, Injustice, etc.) who's been disappointed by most of them lately, I can confidently say Guilty Gear is the best fighting game I've ever played despite being new to it and still not being very good. There is a lot here for every kind of person and I can't recommend it enough.The game is a complete adrenaline rush and requires pure skill and ability to win. I know you can say that about most fighting games, but Guilty Gear feels like it takes it a step further. It's known for being a very fast paced game, which I greatly underestimated before I played it myself. There is never a dull moment and there is so many things to keep up with in a very short time that it can be insane.Every single character has a lot of unique mechanics and no two fight identically. This may sound like it would lead to an unbalanced roster since some characters will inevitably have better moves than others. Well here's the thing, the best part is that every single character is very well balanced and viable, so you can pick up whoever you think is the most fun to play as and not have to worry about losing simply because they're not a good character. The entire roster is viable, they're all very unique, and there's bound to be a character who you just click with since the characters are what truly make this game great. Who doesn't love a doctor with a bag on his head who can throw bombs, meteors, and candy, and who can travel through dimensional doors?If you're new to fighting games and are afraid of grinding out combos or learning to execute things well, don't worry either! This game has one of the smartest systems I've ever seen implemented in a game before. If you're not good at or are inexperienced with fighting games, choose stylish mode. Stylish mode will allow you to still pull off combos and have fun without worrying about perfecting your execution. If you enjoy the character enough though and want to get more into it, you can always switch to technical mode and learn how to pull of that execution and feel like a badass.Let's talk netcode now. I have never played a fighting game with better netcode than this. None come even close. When I played MKX I was used to quite frequent stuttering and whatnot. Same with most other fighting games I've played. However, in GG, the online matches are so fluid and have so little delay that you are shocked when you do run into a match that has anything more than 5 frames of delay. This has been my experience at least and YMMV, but I can assure you that you will most likely not have any issues at all with the netcode.I just woke up an hour ago so this isn't the best I could have written, but it got my point across. The community is the nicest and most welcoming of any I've been in, they'd love to help you out, the game is one of the most fun experiences I've had in years, and I'd love for you to give it a try and join us. The game is amazing and has clearly had a lot of love put into it with and amazing and dedicated community surrounding it, and I can't recommend this game enough. If you're ever looking for someone to play with, feel free to hit me up and/or join the Discord!"
76561198072468377,Recommended,520440,32527709,Posted: 17 June,all,phantom_warrior,"Not to repeat myself from my XRD:Sign review, but this game is worth the price of admission on it's beautifully crafted art alone.And then there so much content! The ""Digital figure"" mode is awesome. The devs have so much confidence in their character work that they let you play with the characters poses, expressions and camera:)And rightly so, the details look as crisp and amazing whether you zoom or not.I didn't mention the gameplay because one word can desribe it - perfect. Impeccable controls, fantastic tutorial mode, easy to pick up but hard to master battle system. Well balanced roster(exept maybe my main, Pot, always garbage tier)with imaginative and varied characters to match your playstyle.ArkSys are now my favorite fighting game developer. Let's hope they keep bringing us this tremendous quality with future updates.This game is woth your time and money.10/10 from me."
,Recommended,520440,30153190,Posted: 24 February,all,rubes on deck,no rootkit!!fast loading times without mods!!!!!!!!training mode that saves settings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,520440,33427962,Posted: 10 July,all,Trance_85,"Complex, high skill ceiling, fast paced, TONS of options, ACTUAL neutral game, 1f input lag on PC (FXAA, no V-sync, no post effects) so assuming a stable, smooth connection, you should be able to play up to Delay 3 on PC Xrd and have it feel like PS4 ""offline"".Amazing tutorial system with even specific match up tutorials and a story mode.This game is more complete than any other fighting game and it's honestly heartbreaking to see arguably the best fighting game available this generation be the least played of them all. This game is f**king amazing.If you too are a Street Fighter refugee, please try this game, bring some SF players along with you and you'll have a blast learning and growing together. You won't regret it.If you try to play online and don't find anyone in ranked / lobbies it's because everyone uses 'player rooms'. It's easier to find matches that way."
,Recommended,520440,34583682,Posted: 29 August,all,Ð o j i m a,"literally the best fighting game I have ever played. so much depth, the characters are some of the best designed I have ever seen (Ram <3), the graphics are amazing and DESTROY all other 2d fighting games. GGXrdREV has set the bar for everyone else to try and reach. Just buy it you won't regret it."
,Recommended,520440,32103047,Posted: 1 June,all,guro,marry me i-no
,Recommended,520440,28470721,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,2049,I'd buy it for the soundtrack alone.
,Recommended,520440,29526390,Posted: 27 January,all,Personα,Yet another HEAVY DAY !
,Recommended,520440,33329743,Posted: 6 July,all,Th3 SyLvEsTeR,"Long time fan of the Guilty Gear franchise and I've been waiting for this to come to PC for the longest, now that it's here, what can I say? The gameplay is awesome, the soundtrack is godlike, the graphics are beautifully crafted, and the online (for me at least) has gone great! The game is even fun offline with a some solid modes including M.O.M mode, which allows you to modify your character with equipment you can buy with ingame currency and find upon defeating modified characters, albeit somewhat confusing when you start up, it becomes really addictive when you go on to the later stages. Aside from M.O.M mode, this game also gives a mini-story arcade mode that's unique for each character outside the main story. For all the newcomers, this game also features an incredible tutorial mode that allows one to learn everything they need to know about the core and advanced gameplay mechanics. This game is just freaking awesome!"
,Recommended,520440,33392538,Posted: 8 July,all,JohnnySalami,An amazing game with a lot of characters which are all fun to play. The game has a great amount of depth but also numerous tutorials to help you along the way. It even tutorials that teach you how to counter certain characters and moves. A fighting game thats well worth the money and great for casual and hardcore players
,Recommended,520440,33818849,Posted: 26 July,all,tollyx,"Out of all fighting games out right now, this is the one to get. If you want to get in on the DBFZ hype, this is the game to get until then as it will most likely have a similar feel and mechanics to this. If you want to get into fighters for the first time, this is the one to get as it comes with an amazing amount of tutorials that teach everything you need to get decent at the game.Then there's the visuals, the soundtrack, the huge variety in characters, the freedom the mechanics gives you... Everything about this game is just perfect and I love it to bits."
,Recommended,520440,33247906,Posted: 4 July,all,BAKA Ruiner,"I cannot reccomend this game enough.Guilty Gear is one of my early fighters so I'm slightly biased in that regard, but even without that bias this game has a lot of what I want: a training mode that will get you through all the game concepts before you ever fight someone, a quick and easy way to figure out combos that work and specials so that you can pull them off yourself, a straight arcade mode with exactly enough story that is still wonderfully animated.And, ohmigod, it's all done in unreal? And is technically 3D? The game reminds you without getting annoying about it that, oh yeah, you're fighting with 3D models that can show off your specials and victories from a bunch of different angles. You get the magic and tight 2D combat that comes with GG and then amazing cell shaded 3D shots of your combo or dust strike finishing off enemies.Don't get me wrong, some of the systems in this game are COMPLEX. There's a number of different ways to block and cancel straight through moves and combos to keep pressure high on your opponent and an instant kill incase you feel confident that you're skilled enough to land with it and insult your opponent with a cutscene to end your round immediately. But, the tutorials and mission modes will show you how to do it assuming you're willing to.It's amazing. A capstone game I would have hoped for."
76561197992033621,Recommended,520440,33339070,Posted: 7 July,all,zyk,"The greatest fighting game yet IMO.I've played X2 since it came out 2002 and Xrd on Dreamcast. Later bought Sign in Japan for PS3 then bought it when it came out on Steam. Haven't really liked Street fighter and it's system (GG have so much more freedom I think)Only 'problem' I have: been played against A.I mostly and you start to figure out how they worked and how to punish them easy-mode. So my whole slayer game have been turned upside down when I play online hehe.ProsEven more layers on top of the old ones when it comes to the combat system.Great tutorial/combo-/training modes that I think would work great for new and old players. From having none in XX2  to be learning stuff in-game, instead of visiting numerous forums.Fun fishing system (turns earned currency into items). Makes you want to play through all episodes and tutorial/combo trainingPretty nice community. Too bad the lobby system is always empty. But rooms work.Haven't watched the story that much, but the little I've seen is really good CGI. And I've seen a lot of anime.REALLY nice to have old songs from the previous gamesGreat fun when changing the menu-voices. Smooth neutral Ramhethal or Sol badmouthing almost everyone :) The default english one is kind of bad..Good that they added the 'stylish' play style + handicap. So friends who usually don't play fighting games or are more into button-mashing fighting games can play with advance players.Some consWas first reluctant to buy Revelator when it came out because 1 year before I'd bought Sign. Very close releases alá cash-grab in my eyes.. but bought it + rev2 when Baiken finally came back :)Changed voices: for example the new Slayer voice sound awful. From Dandy gentleman to cackling crazy old man. I copied the voice files from Sign so it's ok now.Save file corruption if disk is full. It writes an empty file instead of just not writing, so I lost 20h game time and everything I collected.Why no Steam cloud sync?Why no cross-multiplayer with PS3/PS4? I think lobbies would be more populated then.Personal con: Slayer have been nerfed -_-A thing they should build / outsource to someone to build: A application you can have running when not in-game with chat/chat-rooms, list of players online etc and the ability to start fights easy: It should boot up the game really fast and start the fight immediatly and then close when finished. Maybe recurring tournaments where the winner gets fame badges/W$ or something. Create a unified community of some sort. Maybe have 'guilds' option for already existing ones. Everything using steam login of course. Fights would be recorded and could be played back by others if wanted,I can go on..."
76561197970907426,Recommended,520440,33255476,Posted: 4 July,all,Skro,"Can't think of anything else but money so frigging well spent!Seriously this game is amazing. The art, the soundtracks, the controls, the impressive netcode... THE TUTORIALS!! (I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw the menu and all the tutorials listed there!)Everything is so well done and polished it should cost 2x what they're asking.Grab it blindfolded and enjoy this great game. You won't regret a single dime spent on this.Oh right. Boobs physics is 11/10"
76561198105028622,Recommended,520440,30043641,Posted: 19 February,all,lululin0324,Such an awesome fighting game!-The training mode is so useful for people who are not so familiar with fighting game.-battle mechanics are so well done that will definetely satisfy your requirement if you like fighting games.-The design of  character and story is absolutely gorgeous and stunning.-Digital figure!! I'm just so obsessed with this function. LOVE IT!10 of 10. Love it so much.
,Recommended,520440,29721985,Posted: 5 February,all,chuu,"there's been so much attention to detail and overall care into this game especially visually, the tutorial and combos you learn help so much, and it's just a great anime fighting game, would suggest it to anyone that likes having fun"
,Recommended,520440,32337579,Posted: 11 June,all,YOSHIDA,"Good game. Takes time to learn and adjust. Can be fun when against players of your level, can be terrible against players not of your level. Otherwise, good game overall."
,Recommended,520440,28738704,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,CHEMICAL L♥VE,"Fast paced fighter with deep mechanics that will keep dedicated fighting game fans busy and newbies interested. For people who aren't skilled in fighting games, there is a beginner mode called ""stylish"" that lets button mashers stand a chance against skilled players.  Expands upon the progress that -SIGN- started with several new mechanics (Burst supers, blitz shield, wall-pin dust attacks,) the return of M.O.M mode, new story, 3 returning characters (Dizzy, Johnny, and Jam) and 3 new characters (Raven, Jack-O, and Kum). The king of anime-inspired fighting games returns!"
,Recommended,520440,32268705,Posted: 8 June,all,luckyjj,Has everything it needsOnline is hardPlease buy this game and support its community!
76561198157192859,Recommended,520440,32333390,Posted: 10 June,all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"To start fighting games is already hard when you are playing against someone, there is no artificial barrier softening the blow. Do you want a challenging and rewarding fighting game then this is the game for you if one is looking for a fun challenge in fighting games.Pros: The movement is fluid and well animated, and very responsive, the easier version of the Guilty Gear series compared to previous versions under -Sign. TRAINING/Mission mode is TOP TIER do it!Con: Game is hard, but effort put will give you a rewarding satisfaction in learning a difficult game."
76561198019973124,Recommended,520440,30811047,Posted: 29 March,all,towns,"Great game if you're into ""airdasher"" type fighters. Enjoyable at low and higher levels of play. GUNFLAME!!!!!"
76561198027483165,Recommended,520440,30991256,Posted: 6 April,all,SnakeShepard,Double thumbs up!
76561198059389929,Recommended,520440,34198513,Posted: 12 August,all,MR BULL,GG-R2 great fighting of the yearMy two top fighting games for 2017 is definitely Tekken 7 and Guilty Gears-R2 hands down.I don't usually pay a full price game on Steam but this game was worth getting bro rock on.
,Recommended,520440,32489823,Posted: 16 June,all,Nargubyte,"Another excellent Xrd port from ArcSys. I'm not even big on fighting games (if you don't count Smash and Brawlhalla), but I adore this one. Sign and Revelator are easily two of my favorite games of all time, if nothing else because of the artwork, soundtrack, and animated story mode (which by the way surpasses the length of any feature-length film). The only problem is that Revelator continues in the story where Sign left off, so if you care about what's going on you have to buy both.Due to my limited knowledge of fighting games, I can't offer any insight into the game's mechanics, but I hear from people all the time that they're a big improvement on traditional fighting game rules.Basically, if you like a good fighting game, or even like the way this one looks, pick it up. I paid thirty dollars for the game, and I would have paid sixty without a second thought. If you're not a big fighting game enthusiast, get it while it's on sale and see if you end up liking it."
,Recommended,520440,33163891,Posted: 2 July,all,AlexHidanBR,"Looks way easier than previous Guilty Gear games, which is pretty good. I was amazed with the 3D models using Celshadding to make them look as if they were sprites, taking full advantage of those sick close-up cameras modern fighting games do when you're doing special moves or something. The rooster is pretty good, I'm glad I-No is there since I've always played with her. My only complain is the online, I don't know if it's just me but I never find anyone in the lobbies, they're always empty, and when I try to play with friends sometimes it gets a connection error. Maybe it's something to do with the REV 2 update but aside of that, this game is flawless. LET'S ROCK!"
,Recommended,520440,32006165,Posted: 27 May,all,JM_Morals,"Words can barely begin how much I enjoy this game, which is also why I don't want to write about SIGN, since this title is the successor.  The Guilty Gear series has been a special fighting game to me, being a game that, after countless of hours in other titles, I still come back to and just straight up enjoy playing.  A lot of what I stated in my Guilty Gear XX Accent Core+R review will be restated in this, so I'll start off with what makes this title unique: the artstyle/aesthetic.  This title/subseries of the Guilty Gear series (starting with SIGN) makes the shift from hand drawn 2D sprites to 2.5D/3D-esque sprites, and for someone like me, who enjoys great game art, makes all the difference.  While the hand-drawn sprites bring a sense of nostalgia, the 2.5D art gives the game a new sense of style, allowing for even greater detail to be put into the characters.  The background art follows the same vein, with dynamic action happening in almost every stage in a 2.5D landscape.Going on to the more gameplay based opinions, much stays the same from Accent Core, but there are drastic differences from then to Xrd.  For one, the Roman Cancel system has changed dramatically, where players now have several different Roman Cancels that are activated based on certain criteria being performed by either player, which can help in either baiting out bursts, extending combos, and even getting out of situations that went from good to bad.  Moving on to characters, much of the Guilty Gear design formula has stayed the same: no two characters are similar, and the thing about this title is that there's no subclones of other characters (Rest in pasta, Order-Sol and Robo-Ky).  With 20 characters in the base roster, 23 if you include the hidden character and the 2 DLC (1 character, Raven, is both purchasable via in game currency or with real money, the other 2, Kum Haehyun and Dizzy, are strictly DLC), there's bound to be a character that fits one's playstyle.  In terms of learning tools, there are tutorials and challenges that try to teach skills that can be incredibly useful in actual combat, and present these challenges in a variety of ways.  The tutorial itself puts players in an obstacle course of sorts where players have to demonstrate specific inputs that new players should learn, giving a fun little twist to your average fighting game tutorial.  The challenges put players in a scenario in which the player must respond to with the appropriate desired input in order to pass, and each challenge doesnt start till the player actually inputs the first desired command, allowing for breathing room in between each challenge.The story mode in the Xrd series is presented much differently than in the previous titles.  Rather than it being a visual novel-esque/fight based story mode, it is much more like an anime in which players simply watch the story to its end.  While that doesn't seem engaging, the game does provide incentive for finishing the story mode.Now, as of this moment, I don't have any issues with the game so far, in fact, it runs even better than SIGN on my crap-top, but I'll update this review as I continue (highly doubt I will) but Guilty Gear Xrd REVELATOR is definitely one of my top favorite fighting games that I've ever purchased.  No regrets whatsover."
76561198119315853,Recommended,520440,28758981,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,GuyMcDude,"I bought this game right after the 10% dicount expired, and I regret nothing! This game is amazing. I highly recomend it to anyone who is wanting to get into fighting games. Although, you may not want to go into online mode right away (button mashing will do nothing to those guys), there is a tutorial that's actually helpful, an episode mode (essencially just a short little story mode) where the cpu diffuculty will scale to your skill, the game also has amazing visuals and a great soundtrack. So, if you really want to get into fighting games, you should get this game. If you're a bit hesitant (I don't blame you), maybe wait until it's on sale. Anyway... I should probably end this here, it's getting a bit rambly.WAIT! There is one downside to this game! There's a severe lacking of Robo-Ky! Well, at least his theme..."
76561197974004598,Recommended,520440,32115720,Posted: 1 June,all,Iskarius,"This is the best fighting game on the market right now. This is coming from someone who has passing interest in these games. I'm not very good at fighting games myself, so I can't tell you anything specific, but I do know that playing this game just feels right.The controls are tight, the characters are varied and interesting. There is a character for every playstyle. The tutorials in this game are fantastic!Only problem with the game is that everyone else playing it seems to be some kind of demigod of gaming, or at least really good at fighters. There just aren't enough people playing this game.Well, we can fix that by getting more people to play it."
76561198022900661,Recommended,520440,32196763,Posted: 5 June,all,Imouto,Was really excited for the return of baiken and who are we kidding hands down best fighting game..10/10
,Recommended,520440,32010837,Posted: 27 May,all,Egg,"Best game! Very Fun and exciting, better than street fighter"
76561198132670253,Recommended,520440,28362209,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,EoniAno,"*since there are already several awesome reviews about this game among my friends, I'll just put this in a nutshell*It Rocks.GG/10"
,Recommended,520440,29738806,Posted: 6 February,all,LZCleric,"Pros*They broke Johnny's, Sin's and Elphelt's legs*Best tutorial in the entire genre*Really nice netcode*HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥GUYS LOOK AT ALL THAT MUSIC*LOBBY AVATARS (diving emote)*NO MORE STORY MODE STILL SHOTS*You no longer have to turn the sound off when someone picks Jam (Aru)*Bacon is coming back*Pantsu looking--I mean digital figure modeCons*Online no longer has Ocean*No week 1 free Dizzy and she still sucks (REV 2 WITH THEM BUFFS HERE WE GOOOOOOOOO)*Dead ranked*Chipp Zanuff*+4 F R A M E S G R E E D S E V E R*Still no TestamentConclusion:It's alright"
,Recommended,520440,28856399,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vignette April Tsukinose,"Note: I just got this today, and am speaking with one days worth of experience in XRD.Ok, where do I even begin with this game. This is a work of art and is a must have for any fighting game fan. I almost delayed my purchase a few months to get it on sale, and boy am I glad I didn't. This game is a blast to play, and if you enjoy fighting games, there is a good chance you'll have fun with this.Now for the bad news, this game is hard. Like, the most difficult fighting game I've played besides street fighter 4(I'll never be able to get over the combo system in that game, but that's another story). If you are new to fighting games, i'd recommend this game because it's great, but I'd recommend a game like Under Night In-Birth EXE Late more than this. The reason being though this game does have an outstanding tutorial, it's a very high entry barrier compared to UNIEL and UNIEL will make beginners feel like they are having fun and doing well. Guilty Gear will make you feel like you suck and need to stop trying. I have been playing fighting games for several years, and have been playing seriously for about 6-9 months and it is still difficult for me to learn this game. While I feel I will start to get the hang of things within a few weeks of playing, beginners will not have that luxury. If you do not plan to get good or play online, set the bots to easy, play the story, and then decide if you want to get better. You'll probably like the game more that way, and the story alone is probably worth the money. If you to plan to play competitively, please bring a buddy along with you. You will get dominated by Japanese players who have lived most of their lives with guilty gear in the arcade if you do not.Now for my overall review. The tutorial system is fantastic. The art is top notch. The mechanics are easy to learn, but hard to master. The character design is outstanding. And finally, the soundtrack will melt your ears right off. The game's mix of anime and metal works quite nicely and the game is quite enjoyable. Probably the best fighting game on steam currently. Possibly the best feature of this game though is not having 6 frames of lag or installing rootkits(cough SFV cough). Definitely worth every penny, and your money helps arcsys make even more amazing fighting games.TLDR: Possibly best fighting game, just be prepared to suck until you put the hours into it. Also, play with friends for the most fun.EDIT/LONG RANT AFTER THE REVIEW: I have put several more hours into this game, and can safely say it is easier to get used to than I expected. The game feels very much like Blazblue, but different in ways that I actually prefer. Overdrive cancels are done with Roman Cancels(basically no wasting burst) and the the Dust button is always a welcome addition. As one of my friends put it, it is somewhere in between Skullgirls and Blazblue. Even though it doesn't inherently feel anything like Skullgirls at the surface level, there are similarities. Do I still prefer other games for beginners? Absolutely, but still play Guilty Gear. If you are unsure what fighting game to buy, like I said before, Under Night In-Birth EXE Late is half the price of this and is the easiest anime fighter I have played. I would also recommend Skullgirls, which is half the price of UNIEL and while not as simple, is way easier than guilty gear and will at least prepare you for longer combos than Guilty Gear has to offer. I cannot stress enough. Find a friend/sparring partner and practice. Practice is really the only way to ""git gud"" and though the journey is long and the climb is steep, you will see progress and it will drive you to get better. So, if you are up to the task, buy this game. If you are unsure, buy Skullgirls or UNIEL. In the case of Skullgirls, it's single player is fantastic and 2nd encore allows you to learn combos in a similar fasion to the Guilty Gear combo training."
,Recommended,520440,30892067,Posted: 1 April,all,callcollectplz,XrdR2 PC port when?
,Recommended,520440,29232573,Posted: 13 January,all,TLG [ThePhantom],"Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR- is the best fighting game released in the last few years. It's not only accessible for new players, but also can satisfy the hardcore players and old fans of the series as wellPositive Points:Optimization is better than Xrd SIGNNew & improved graphical featuresAmazing storyAddition of stylish modeM.O.M mode is better than beforeNegative Points:Unfair pricing on PCStory can be confusing for newcomersMultiplayer is region locked (Again)No lobbies in multiplayer unlike console versionsFinal Score: 9.5 Out of 10Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR-'s Review On PardisGame"
76561198034912941,Recommended,520440,29819008,Posted: 10 February,all,Gruselheynes,"Like many people said before I think its the best Fighting Game on the market.The amount of polish this game has is amazing. After 30h I still feel i barly scratech the surface.Tons of stuff to do both online and offline. Its a great game for beginners as well.+ Introduction, Tutorials, Single Player Modes, Story, Art, Music, diverse Cast, easy to learn mechanics,Great online Play,- Theres not much to say here, the only thing bad can be finding an opponent your skill with good connection.Which means sometimes you have to wait max 10 min. Waifus are hard to play.Its an amazing game that wont let you go for quite some time :)) i think about it at least twice a day since i started :))"
,Recommended,520440,28383970,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Monty,"A very high-quality port. Coming from SFV it was amazing to see how detailed and full of love this game is: rooms are amazing, you can host them and then go play arcade (wink at Capcom)  while you wait for your turn or open training mode, you can open training lobbies to train with a friend of yours online, all with  4 second load-times between matches (another wink at capcom). As for the game itself what can I say, the graphics speak for themselves but i'll also spend some words on the gameplay: if you expect to be decent right away, you're gonna be disappointed, the game is a lot more execution heavy and less casual than SFV but I personally see this as a good thing. If you like fighting games, you gotta buy this."
76561198035391503,Recommended,520440,28365928,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,lagrie,"sorry for the short review but...Srsly i love it.Sequel to sign.Great gameplay, stunning visuals, well crafted characters and a heck of a story.Thx for porting on pc.Get ready to ROCK !"
76561198007099878,Not Recommended,520440,32752481,Posted: 24 June,all,Neurosss,"If your poor like me and want to play online do not buy.This seemed like a great game, production quality was nice, the controls are tight and the combat was fluid with some of the best animations I have seen in a long time.However without Rev 2 DLC you will find zero people in lobby's for online play.If I was not so poor and could afford the £45 to get both the base game and the required DLC then this would probably bee a thumbs up, instead I leave this thumbs down in the hope to assist some one in a similar financial state as my self."
76561197984545631,Recommended,520440,32638000,Posted: 22 June,all,Satou,Best fighting game ever
,Recommended,520440,32150572,Posted: 3 June,all,Pulador de predios x98 vidas,"The Best Fighting Game nowadays !  Awesome graphics, Fluid Gameplay, Kickass Osts, Charismatic Characters, Singleplayer Campaign itself is very good. Go for Xrd Rev 2  !!"
,Recommended,520440,32660407,Posted: 22 June,all,QKG Abelity,A lot more people should give this game a try. Very solid fighting games with good mechanics and depth. This game and Tekken 7 made me totally forget about SFV.
,Recommended,520440,33112390,Posted: 1 July,all,Screamie,"This game is outstanding, amazing tutorial and in game learning tools, and its just incredibly fun, even for someone who did not have very much fighting game experience. I have fallen in love and am having a blast. The pack on the store that is the game + dlc chars + rev2 for 44.99  is the best deal for anyone interested. I could not recommend this game more. Plenty of people online aswell check out the Guilty Gear Reddit/discord and the ingame player lobby section"
,Recommended,520440,33481500,Posted: 12 July,all,Coneheadfucker95,"A ton of fun, I just wish ranked wasn't dead."
76561198266178551,Recommended,520440,32197494,Posted: 5 June,all,Ryner,"Best fighting game around, it rewards the time and effort you put into it"
,Recommended,520440,33251910,Posted: 4 July,all,Metric,"I'm mainly writing this review for people like myself who may be put off by the anime-style and the (mostly) weebish fanbase. I myself am not really a fan of anime stuff and I have a general dislike for 'weebish' stuff and its ilk, but such is the quality of GUILTY GEAR Xrd -REVELATOR- that it has won me over completely.To put it quite simply this game is amazing, not just as a fighting game, but as a video game period. The fact that it has compelled my lazy self to actually type out a full review says a  lot.At first I didn't believe the hype around this game and I didn't really get why everyone was always singing it's praises, but my biggest regret now is that I didn't buy this game sooner.Just some points about what makes this game so good:Engaging GameplayDepthBeautiful Artstyle & AnimationAttention to detailVaried game modes to keep things freshRocking soundtrack thats actually really goodA story mode that is actually good and compelling (in a fighting game no less!)Great tutorialsVaried cast of fighters with a character for every tasteAnd most importantly; The game is just plain fun, it really is a joy to play.Buy this game you honestly won't regret it, I know I don't."
,Recommended,520440,32110549,Posted: 1 June,all,bldr,one of the best fighting games available - period!
76561198313015470,Recommended,520440,32096761,Posted: 31 May,all,Daigotsu,"This is really an amazing fightning game! All the characters are really different from each other, with very unique playstyles!Coming from other fight games, like SF or MvC, I can say is game is imo better in pretty much all aspects."
,Recommended,520440,32713567,Posted: 23 June,all,ThePrototypeGear,"It's an awesome game through and through.It exudes style in every aspect, from the music, to the gameplay mechanics, the animations, and story. Also has probably the MOST comprehensive tutorial mode you'd ever see in a fighter (next to Skullgirls), presenting it in a way that's actually fun. The one ""downside"" (which is completely subject to personal preference) is that it didn't have the english dub from the last game, though that in itself won't be much to worry about for everyone. I still wish it had it, though; imagine how Texan Johnny would sound, or grammatically incorrect Jam!Still a great fighter, probably one of the finest made. You can just feel the love, inspiration, and enthusiasm put into this.Praise Ishiwatari."
,Recommended,520440,32913941,Posted: 27 June,all,Solaz,GG
,Recommended,520440,31914990,Posted: 23 May,all,Very cool dude,I became terrible at this game after I learned to stop mashing
76561198053933392,Recommended,520440,32146854,Posted: 3 June,all,PurplePony,Very good port of a good fighting game.  Xrd Rev has a much easier time of sucking me in than previous GG games.There is not much to complain about except the price.
76561198105213881,Recommended,520440,33443642,Posted: 10 July,all,Groovy Onimushachip,"Overall a very well polished package plus a nice community to help new players learn and enjoy the game (prepare to get beat up early on though)I saw some people having technical problems, but I am sure there are always solutions to those (with a little bit of asking around). I did have some issues getting my controller to work at the beginning, but now the game is fully enjoyable with dualshock4 pads.And to people who just keep complaining about the lack of dubs. I hope you understand, go help the dev with more funds or something if you want more contents. Man, just keep demanding like the wasted 64-people lobby feature."
,Recommended,520440,32647195,Posted: 22 June,all,spammer,"Very polished fighting game. The best fighting game in this recent years.Compare to other fighting games in 2017, this game has shown the most care and dedication that the developer put into it.The 3D-Anime graphic quality in this game is the best and runs smooth on low-medium spec PC even with max settings.The fighting mechanic is rock solid and very fun to play. The tutorial in this game is the best and will give you enough knowledge to play it. (Not just vague trials like other fighting games)There are two controlling style: Standard and Stylish, which you can choose when you select your character. The standard is manual control like other games and will let you do the in-depth control over the character. The stylish style will make the combos easier by just mashing buttons, suitable for learning characters or just having fun mashing buttons with friends. (lol)Unfortunately, this game player base is pretty niche. The online mode is still very active but only in player matches. The other online mode like ranked match and global lobby is completely dead.Well, if you just want to have fun, you won't have any problem finding people to play with. It's just the thing that should be noted."
,Recommended,520440,29731510,Posted: 5 February,all,JAGGARNAUT,"I love Capcom and fighting games of all sorts, but Guilty Gear will always be the best. This game is insanely good.I'm not a fan of shrinking rosters though. They take a lot of my favorite characters out of the newer fighting games, all fighters, not just this game. At least Jam is back in this updated game and Baiken is confirmed as a character in the DLC upgrade to come.Guilty Gear games have tons of replay value without ever even playing with friends or online. It also happens to be great with friends, just like any fighting game."
76561198099288253,Recommended,520440,29760555,Posted: 7 February,all,Row,"This game has a long dev history. a well-crafted masterpiece in the fighting game gentre. I have previously played GGX, GGXX reload, and in fact some systems (like the Roman cancel) are simplified and these changes are really great! Best guilty gear I've played so far.Pros :  * remarkable depth & rewarding if you practice, tutorials are well designed which are truely useful.* the online game feels great! google , find your local Discord, join it , and play & practice with others!Cons:  * if the replay system could be as convenient as dota2, that would be really great.If you like fighting games or action games in general, just grab one and enjoy!"
,Recommended,520440,32211314,Posted: 5 June,all,Trurl,"Crazy fun fighting game. Excellent tutorial, lots of single player modes to get gud in. Haven't tried the multiplayer yet."
,Recommended,520440,34092223,Posted: 7 August,all,prtk-L4,"From someone who really only plays with friends offline: Great Tutorial, Great cast, great music, great graphics, and the gameplay is a perfect balance of frantic and strategic. Tons of mechanics to learn, and an absolute thrill to improve at. A+ fighting game, easily the best 2D fighter I have ever played."
,Recommended,520440,31204700,Posted: 17 April,all,Butts,really good update on -Sign- going to get a pach with a new stuff later im sure that will be good too. if you like fun fighting games. give it a shot.
76561198095149411,Recommended,520440,34575147,Posted: 29 August,all,Adrian-the-Wallachian,"As many others already said, it's the best fightig game on the market right now, with incredible music and graphics, amazingly deep gameplay and a unique and fun roster of fighters."
,Recommended,520440,32514023,Posted: 17 June,all,Skate | MS,JAM IS LOVE! JAM IS LIFE!
,Recommended,520440,29879067,Posted: 12 February,all,Fender,Best fighting game
76561198094016953,Recommended,520440,32307571,Posted: 9 June,all,Neonseraphim,"Best fighter out so far, beats SFV, SFIV, DOA Last round and dare I to say Tekken 7.Why I liked it so much:-Smooth transition to 3D without having to sacrifice the 2D gameplay or animation looks-The animations are factastics and makes me forget tyhat I'm actually looking at 3D characters instead of a movie.-Gameplay is smooth, great combo system, and a large variety of characters-It has humer and the game has defining personality of its own-Music is great and very metal-  F U Crapcom"
,Recommended,520440,29869808,Posted: 12 February,all,.Send,"Pros-Great tutorial-Improved net code-Stunning visuals-Current version (next version will be a DLC add-on for this game)-Helpful communityCons-Input with Xbox 360 controller is garbage (most use PlayStation controllers)-Input with keyboard in hitbox layout takes getting used toThe game is forgiving on somewhat sloppy execution, but the window for inputs is very, very small. I found the keyboard to be best suited for this with a hitbox type layout for the key binds.Great game. Challenging with fast paced strategy. Hard not to fire this game up and practice. Gameplay is fun too. ; )Note: Be sure to look at all the pinned discussions for this game. Lots of useful stuff there.Update: I did not stick with practicing this game because I am too preoccupied with Counter Strike. It is kindof a time commitment to pick this game up, but still a good game."
76561198192660983,Recommended,520440,31005144,Posted: 7 April,all,Ghostie,Is good game.
,Recommended,520440,32200589,Posted: 5 June,all,Lovalc,I like it
76561198069065154,Recommended,520440,32651330,Posted: 22 June,all,Yodajediyoda,"This game is downright incredible. The game can seem daunting, particularly to a person like me who has never played a classic 2d fighter (Coming from the melee community) But if you've read any other comments you know just how incredible the tutorial system is. Not to mention each individual characters discord, where you can ask any question and get a indepth response within minutes. I can not reccommend this game enough. It has everything, incredible gameplay, netcode, and community, not to mention the graphics."
76561197993200057,Recommended,520440,32705442,Posted: 23 June,all,Corpse Rust,"Just a short review. The Guilty Gear series is probably one of the most fluid and technically challenging fighters on the market. On top of that they actually have a decent story to go with the game that has cotninued over the various iterations.I have always been a huge fan of the series and Revelator is no different. I was surprised by the Stylish control scheme though. While I have no interest in using it for training or fighitng others, it makes going through the arcade with characters I am unfamiliar with, a very low stress and fun experience. No more trying to cheese the AI with some basic string, just mash away and enjoy the story!I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the anime aesthetic or fighting games in general. Truely the best.The only negative I would give this game over Guilty Gear Xrd would be the lack of English vocals. It was always a treat to hear what the other characters were saying in the midst of combat."
,Recommended,520440,30485158,Posted: 12 March,all,AnonTwo,"As far as I can tell, this is probably the most friendly fighting game on the current market for newcomers to fighting games. Aside from having probably the best cell-shaded graphics on the market (where the characters pretty much look like they would in 2-D), and one of the best soundtracks, the game also goes a step further and has a story that...while not the best, is defintely fun enough to watch.Unlike it's predecessor, -Sign-, -Revelator- Includes the ""stylish"" fighting style. This is very similar to Marvel Vs Capcom's ""Easy"" Controls from dreamcast. When you mash certain buttons, you will perform a combo of attacks, and you also are given a special button to do certain overdrive moves. It does have many downsides, as it will make your character weak than Technical, on top of limiting your combos to only what the game gives you. But if you are completely new to fighting games and just want to jump in to the single player and try to enjoy it before you learn, then this is a very good option to do so. I do not recommend it for multiplayer unless you are against someone else using stylish, however.The story mode has a huge fault due to being non-interactive, however it also has the plus of being an unfragmented, fairly decent 3-4 hour story. And on top of this, you still have the typical Arcade mode and M.O.M. (which is basically a replayable single player mode). To add though, unlike -Sign-, -Revelator- does not have dubbed voices, meaning you will have to read everything you see.While I have not personally experienced the multiplayer, I have heard that -Revelator- has some of the best balance. As said though, if you wish to play competitively, you will need to gradually switch off of Stylish and learn all the moves and combos to really enjoy it.Pros: Good Multiplayer, 2 Single Player Modes, Stylish moveset for new players, technical for veteran players, one of best albums in gaming, beautiful looking game, probably the best story as far as fighting games go.Cons: non-interactive story (a con for some), very high learning curve if not using stylish, competitive stylish is impossible, must read all dialogue to appreciate storyI would recommend this game to hardcore fighters who just want a solid fighting game, but can also recommend it to player's wanting a fighting game they can play single player, especially if they haven't yet learned fighting game mechanics.If the price goes down, such as a discount, I would even recommend it for the story alone. Though you will also need -Sign- to get the entire story!"
,Recommended,520440,32962269,Posted: 28 June,all,A Dirty Ewok,The most fun I've had with a fighting game in years. Wish I had bought it sooner.
,Recommended,520440,32108722,Posted: 1 June,all,arfenhouse,no longer do i feel left behind
,Recommended,520440,30605155,Posted: 18 March,all,Vejita,"It is more Guilty Gear, what is not to like? There is piles of content here for casual and hardcore players. If you are a Street Fighter player who has never tried an anime fighter, this is the one to try."
,Recommended,520440,31948159,Posted: 25 May,all,DD_,The best Fighting Game currently available on the market. Throw your copy of SFV in the bin
,Recommended,520440,29237959,Posted: 13 January,all,BeesAreDying,"Excellent fighting game with great soundtrack.If you're new to the genre or series, it has a fantastic tutorial that will teach you most of what you need to know about the game."
76561198067753461,Recommended,520440,29642151,Posted: 1 February,all,𝕿𝖋𝖑𝖆𝖒𝖊𝖘𝖜𝖔𝖗𝖉𝖃,"Easily, this is the best fighting game out there right now. I would highly recommend this game to anyone into anime styled games or fighting games in general.Pros:-Amazing action game-like tutorials-Specific matchup practice-Second to none aesthetics-Large roster full of unique characters-One of the most amazing video game soundtracks to bless my ears-Easy to pick up mechanics and basic fundamentals-It's still being updated-It's not Street Fighter VCons:-Matchmaking could use some work-The community is not as big as it should be-$50 is a lot considering you can get this game on PS4 for $20-DLC is pretty expensive, $5 for each character-This game is developed by Arc System Works, so they'll make a new one every year, making you buy another $60 release and rendering this game obsoleteOverall, I think this game is a welcome addition to anyone's library. There's plenty of single player content, but this game really shines if you have at least one friend to play with. Although, definitely wait for a sale."
76561198130646577,Recommended,520440,31002175,Posted: 7 April,all,Shin Parsley,Best fighting game ever made.
76561198088737086,Recommended,520440,33648884,Posted: 19 July,all,Pewyr,"The best fighting game on the market right next to Tekken 7.  Great mechanics, great variety in roster whith no two characters playing anything alike, a kickass soundtrack, and one of a kind artstyle."
,Recommended,520440,31045458,Posted: 9 April,all,MegasM,O jogo de luta mais completo dessa geração.
,Recommended,520440,31431937,Posted: 28 April,all,ChromaticJay,One of the best fighting games on the market today.
,Recommended,520440,29388747,Posted: 20 January,all,Pigmachine,"Yes! It's great.. I'm only 'in training' so far. But the mechanichs are really tight, and better then ever.I use to prefer BB games over GG ones, only support buyed -SIGN- and prefer 'real' 2D fighter over 2.5D.They somehow managded to pull it off with their 2.5DThis one feels insanely good so far! The price too high? ..well I don't mind to pay for quality, so let you wallet decide!Hours played are too few to judge? Maybe! But the tutotials and modes are really well implemented.And you can go fishing :)Rev2 will come later as a DLC, not an entirenly 'new' game, as we have sadly been seeing a lot of times, so only good news for me(why is I-NO still in the game? I always hated her!)"
,Recommended,520440,29814416,Posted: 9 February,all,Flueve,Better FPS than COD...10/10
,Recommended,520440,33704123,Posted: 21 July,all,George the Crab,haha i love paying 20$ seperately to play online haha (please somebody add me for rev 1 online play)
76561197963580481,Recommended,520440,32117212,Posted: 1 June,all,No Swear,Awesome characters; big small thick thinAwesome music; hope you like guitarsAwesome mechanics; hands down best meter system etc. etc.Awesome singleplayer content; blows it's peers and then some clean out the waterAwesome multiplayer features; blows it's peers and then some clean out the waterAwesome graphics and animation; really went the extra couple miles hereit's one of those games where you are ripping off the developer instead of the other way around :D
,Recommended,520440,28827815,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TameFlame,"Pretty fun. (8.5/10)Pros:+ Fun+ Good visuals+ Balanced Gameplay (every char has at least reached top 8 in a major)+ Plenty of quality of life improvements to previous game+ Very good netcodeCons:- Hard to git gud at, like all fighting games--- Basically a really ♥♥♥♥ing expensive expansion pack to the previous gameOverall worth getting if you have the money, if you are price sensitive then get it when it's GBP20.00 or less, since that's it's true value as a game imo"
,Recommended,520440,29238684,Posted: 13 January,all,yanntjezz,"Awesome game, great port. There's a perfect balance between casual play and competitive play due to having the choice between stylish mode and technical mode. A wide variety of tutorials and trials that show you how to input stuff when you're at loss of how to do things, a great amount of tips are also provided. Basically, they did everything to help you improve without erasing the overall difficulty level of the game, which is something Street Fighter is doing with their new patches. You have a big pool of awesome characters to choose from. Seriously, when going through story mode, I liked every ♥♥♥♥ing character because they're so well designed and well fleshed out. As for online play, everything is very well organized. There's no problem with the netcode as long as you play with someone from your region. I recommend playing player matches mainly, since you'll have a hard time finding ranked matches depending on your region (I'm from EU). You can join rooms and go to training mode in them even, but the great part is that you can play lots of games without waiting (which pisses me off about SFV queue).Overall, 9/10 it's all right"
,Recommended,520440,28400367,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Auron,"""Get up to rock!Get up to burn!Stand up with pride! I'll be the ways to maker!You must have heard it!Grasp the truth!Hold it high!Raise your fists! That's why it's made to start with!You haven't heard it go!Don't be afraid to listen to your own heart!Big Blast Sonic!That's my heartbeat in you!""If these words of beauty didn't convince you, you can suck a sage!"
,Recommended,520440,32376317,Posted: 12 June,all,"Tyler ""Stud Money"" Bonafacelli","I really wanted to like this game. It's good, it's deep, it's everything a 2D fighter should be.Why didn't it click with me? I don't know. I don't know if it's the character design or what, but something about the whole thing is just deeply unappealing to me, and it's sad. I paid full price.I played for a while and every time it just got me hyped up to play a different fighting game.That said, it's a great game. The attention to detail, the mechanics, the tutorials, it's everything a fighter should aim to be.I guess I'm just not that into anime."
,Recommended,520440,28470629,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Thunder Perfect prk`,"Revelator came out on PC in the best possible way to experience the game, together with low delay making the netplay absolutely amazing (very close to console offline experience).Do you like 2D fighting games?Do you want a game that's easy to start with but gets complex once you start figuring it out?Do you hate women with long blonde hair?This is the game just for you.Zero issues with the game, maximum fun."
76561198108182305,Recommended,520440,29136452,Posted: 9 January,all,Limeativity,It's good
76561198027486085,Recommended,520440,34592592,Posted: 29 August,all,Art Vandelay,"This game is great, for pimps only"
,Recommended,520440,30008996,Posted: 18 February,all,Curry Neko,"GG Xrd Revelator is not a bad port at all.Netplay is smooth, much better than GG Xrd SIGNAnd you can upgrade this to REV2 when it comes (although this will take a while before it hit PC)If you love Guilty Gear or a fan of fighting genre, give this a try."
76561198129354060,Recommended,520440,28447902,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,dstyledesu,"If you looking for some fast paced, chaotic, tons of character diversity, and an overall well balanced fighting game. then there's nothing more to say just jump and rock in. beware tho the online community is really small (but quiet friendly), so you better find some friends to play with. and Rev2 will be release soon so i suggest you should just wait till they release at 1st june"
76561198022934141,Recommended,520440,29973920,Posted: 16 February,all,JinseiNagai,"Writing from EU West:this game has everything it needs to be a good fighting game (nice graphics, awesome looking characters with various play strategy), an arcade mode where the AI is kinda tough but makeable since they recalibrate the AI level depending on your skill and some other modes that are quite satisfying to play.quite enjoyable the most of the time but if you are new to fighting games you will have some hard time getting used to the speedy playstyle of guilty gear (mostly trying to figure out what the hell is going on and what in the gods name you have to do)and mostly i would really not recommend you playing online (as long as you are not confident in your skill in millisecond thinking) since the players mostly consist of veteran players who will beat the hell out of you and probably bore you very quickly. The match making just takes a look on the character level and not an actual player level (it depends on that ""one specific character"" he played and does not state the general status of the player. so they can simply pick another character they didn't play that much and brutally slay beginners).but as i said it takes time to get used to the controls and all the ""fighting game knowledge"" it's just the multi-player which should give the beginners fair chance to learn about this game just bites the dust.oh, and yeah the story mode is not actual gameplay but you just sit there and watch an 4 hours and half long anime movie which is quite entertaining when you want to watch some anime.Still good game has got nice waifus and keeps entertaining you as long as you stay away from that multiplayer modeVerdict:If you are confident in your skill and familiar with the Guilty Gear Series (OR just want to get some time killing game including an anime movie of 4 hours and half playtime) then a BIG YESElse if you are looking for a good fighting game to play online then rather NO (except you really don't care about that)"
76561198049207789,Recommended,520440,29886967,Posted: 12 February,all,LesbianBoots,It's like other fighting games but good. Ignore how weebish it looks.
76561198002829456,Recommended,520440,32867648,Posted: 27 June,all,The Swayze Express,"Absolutely loving this iteration of the game, has alot of aid for new players and can help returning players brush up on what they need.Combat is fantastic and fluid. Character models and design is awesome. Soundtrack goes perfectly. The price may be steep for some people but it is worth the investment!"
76561197989533103,Recommended,520440,31489783,Posted: 1 May,all,Mizzy,Best fighting game on PC.
76561198259296423,Recommended,520440,32135634,Posted: 2 June,all,Sir-Frags-A--Lot,"This game is a visual work of art, especially at 4k resolution. Some really interesting variety of characters to play as well."
76561198016308878,Recommended,520440,32171229,Posted: 4 June,all,demonborntwice,"It's kind of funny that I'm intent on writing this review, given that -SIGN- already had me gushing so much and I didn't want to get into like nitty-gritty balance changes and whatnot.  Even taking that aside, though (and they definitely have done some rebalancing), there's plenty to talk about.From the beginning, it's obvious just how much care and love has been put into this game.  I talked about the graphics and aesthetics in my -SIGN- review, but that's only part of the story.  They already had a start on making the game more accessible to newbies, but the cute and silly new tutorial as well as the Mission mode offers directed and understandable training for any level of familiarity and skill.  The standard training room's also there to tune combos and strategies, and replays can be saved for either seeing where things went wrong or to relive your best moments.  For newbie vs. veteran matchups or for talking LPers, the Stylish control scheme provides a decent way of just letting someone pick up and play to some level of effectiveness.  No one's gonna win EVO with it, but it's a welcome way to ease newbies in and help them work on their timing and confirms, leaving specific execution for later.What really pushes it over the top for me, though, is all the stuff they didn't need to even put in, let alone polish as much as they did.  The lobby system is the most charming I've ever seen, with tons of things that make it a more relaxed and social experience.  Yes, you can spectate and sit at the virtual cabs and play, but being able to kick a beach ball around, do all sorts of silly gestures/emoticons, and fish for items just adds to how lively the lobby feels.  Speaking of which, there's the Digital Figure mode.  Being able to set up little dioramas is a real treat, and while having to fish for more poses and expressions can be a pain if you had something in mind you just can't do yet, it does give you something to do with the in-game money after the gallery's all filled up and you've logged in 100+ hours.  Again, they didn't have to add stuff like that, just small casual diversions, but it really lends charm to the experience.  Even the most ardent fighter has to relax sometime, so having something to do that has nothing to do with the battles can help the brain relax and brush off any salt buildup.Really, all that is why I'd recommend this game above any other fighter I've played so far.  It's not just the fighting, which already ranks among the best on the market.  It's not just the graphics and music, which will remain memorable a decade from now while people struggle to recall what the hell the main character from CoD: Black Ops looked like.  It's the little details, the care taken with every pose and frame of animation, every little way the game offers ways for you to not have to alt-tab away if you want to just chill.  This is the most complete and alive fighting game I've ever played, and it can't come with a higher recommendation from me.  Newcomers to and veterans of the genre alike, if anything I've said got your attention, I encourage you to strap in and get ready to rock."
,Recommended,520440,33241082,Posted: 4 July,all,DeanofDeeps,"GG Xrd Rev kicks other fighting games out of the park. Great cast, tons of variety in characters and playstyles. Insanely fast paced neutral, not too combo heavy, great defensive options. This game is easily the best fighter on the market right now. Online is a little dead, but the offline has enough content to be worth the price of admission.GGXRev also looks gorgeous, with 3D models shaded to 2D in the Unreal Engine. This is barely even worth a mention, as the gameplay is so butter smooth that the aesthetic is all that you feel, and it feels good.I'm not very excited for the new wave of fighters, if they can top this game then they deserve to live on for years."
,Recommended,520440,30889229,Posted: 1 April,all,Blank,"An awesome looking, sounding and fun game. Recommended for any fighting game and/or anime fans.- Plenty of quality single player content, story is basically a feature anime, there's also arcade mode, challenges and more.- A great tutorial that will teach you how to play, that goes into more depth with individual characters, useful combo's, unversal mechanics etc.- Everything you will need to ""git gud"" You just have to put in that consistent time and effort! :)- Online is quick, smooth and very active on the Guilty Gear discords, with even more information provided on r/GuiltyGear.A great game, a friendly and active community. 100% Recommended.(Get the newest version! Rev 2 Upgrade)"
,Recommended,520440,33786945,Posted: 25 July,all,True Grief,"Urmn .. it is cool game, awesome fighthing here and there, broken finger also keyboard and rage?Then there's BaikenYeah Baiken c:"
,Recommended,520440,33959540,Posted: 1 August,all,Huego the SaladGod,"literal Waifu,cool swordsman,imortal masoquist, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!"
,Recommended,520440,33049533,Posted: 30 June,all,pokket,"Great game. I've only recently gotten into fighting games over the years. Killer Instinct was the first one I got really into when it came to pc, while Street Fighter was never my style. Been wanting to try out Guilty Gear for some time and I have definitely fallen in love with it. Fantastic aesthetic. Awesome gameplay. Decent tutorial ranging from the basics, match ups, and trials. Though the tutorial doesn't really teach the mindset you need and that's something you have to learn overtime, I still find it helpful to someone entirely new to the series like me and possibly even to people new to fighting games in general. Includes single-player modes like Episode which is basically your standard arcade/story mode in other games, what GG calls ""story mode"" is actually a movie and seperate. On top of this it runs pretty well.The downside is that you have to hunt a bit for online matches as there's no crossplay. Find discords or ask on the forums, etc. And most people have moved onto Rev2 so if you want to get serious about the game you'll have to get the upgrade as well, but it's reasonably priced I thought and includes enough stuff to warrant it. And if you want to get better and learn more there's a large enough community and sites like dustloop to help you out."
76561198024989587,Recommended,520440,33259943,Posted: 4 July,all,Draga,"One of the finest fighters I have ever played. From the attention to detail, to its fantastic soundtrack XRD does its best to welcome veterans and new comers to Guilty Gear and succeeds with flying colors."
76561198084921724,Recommended,520440,32878332,Posted: 27 June,all,hugodoy,Been playing GG since X1. This one feels just like the first one and better. Wish to be more players on the online.
76561198023413047,Recommended,520440,34009302,Posted: 3 August,all,mike,"This game was great to play for me as a casual fighter. I didn't touch online, but there is a metric buttload of single player content. It has the most in-depth tutorials I've ever seen, great options for training mode, and mechanics and combo challenges. The story has 2 parts, an anime that lasts hours and hours, and a traditional fighting game mode that covers what happened before the anime in which you control the character of your choice on an adventure. I'd absolutely love to recommend this game, but...Unfortunately I have had some compatability issues with some input methods, My Mayflash Dolphin bar will cause all sorts of wonky behavior, for instance. Regardless, it's a great game"
76561197972339271,Recommended,520440,33443562,Posted: 10 July,all,_XeNmAsTeR_,Awesome game. I am loving it.
,Recommended,520440,34533142,Posted: 27 August,all,Naso,"SUPER fun fighting game, there are some many options and little things that make this game great. All fighting games should look at what is being done here and take note."
76561198067900051,Recommended,520440,34430742,Posted: 22 August,all,NotAtHome,"This is one of the best if not the best fighting games that I have ever played, completely worth the money"
,Recommended,520440,34694212,Posted: 2 September,all,LJB FGC,Excellent PC port of Revelator/Rev 2. Would highly recommend for anyone looking to get into Guilty Gear.
76561198084637265,Recommended,520440,33756031,Posted: 23 July,all,falcon sucks,"All around good game, only thing that would make it better is local multiplayer that doesn't require witchcraft"
76561198048984581,Recommended,520440,35035811,Posted: 17 September,all,Silfer,"This is a great fighting game with tight mechanics and a lot of content. It might seem complex but it has the best tutorial ever seen an a fighting game which teaches you concepts that'll help you out with other games in the genre. The visuals are fantastic and will definitely stand the test of time, unlike most photorealistic games. And the soundtrack is great as well.If you're excited for Dragon Ball FighterZ, I especially think this is a good game to play while waiting for its release to see how good ArcSys Works is."
,Recommended,520440,29465987,Posted: 24 January,all,Kula Diamond,friend mashed a super with faust then the game turned into a pick the correct cup minigame 10/10
76561198043856823,Recommended,520440,29909658,Posted: 13 February,all,Y'all wild lmao,Amazing game to get into if you're pretty new
76561198106675493,Recommended,520440,30887054,Posted: 1 April,all,POTION SELLER,The greatest fighter I have ever played.
,Recommended,520440,31011956,Posted: 8 April,all,SartoffelKalat,If you ever wanted to get into fighting games this game is great. There are vast amounts of tutorials covering every little detail about the game.  Most of the tutorials are also RNG based to avoid that you just use muscle memory instead of really learning it.
,Recommended,520440,30880861,Posted: 1 April,all,Kanishka,"Amazing game experience, bought it for sale and the gameplay is sooo great. I'm a person who started playing KO games from Dead Or Alive, but this game is next gen in terms of combat, the graphics are not upto Dead or alive 5's level but still in my opinion i find it more better."
76561198035988811,Recommended,520440,30908949,Posted: 2 April,all,Tokuhana,"This game is a MASTER PIECE!This game has:1. A 5 hours noninteractive story line (a FULL story anime) and story for each characters.2. One of the most interesting character design. Each character has its own play style.3. Very good music!4. MOST IMPORTANT - the tutorial. It carries you from the very beginning to the medium level.5. Many different game modes allowing different play styles - competitively or just for fun and enjoy the story.This is a must have especially for anime fans.I paid $34 on this game on a discount. With all these contents, it is well worth the spend.Just want to give a thumb up for a good game!"
76561198086861544,Recommended,520440,30934618,Posted: 3 April,all,ZeroO,Great game with great details and perfect combo design!
,Recommended,520440,29130718,Posted: 8 January,all,Spookghetti,"I'm not sure how to rate a fighting game, other then how fluid the game is. This game has great combos and they FEEL fluid, they string together well, and it looks flashy. But a lot of games do this, none do it as well as Guilty Gear. What seperates the game from other (for me) is the sound track, which I have to say really pulls everything together. I wish I could with words describe why this game is so cool, and why its better then other games on steam but I cant fully explain. All I can say is that its the best fighter on steam, and if youre a fan of fighters this ones for you."
,Recommended,520440,29455922,Posted: 23 January,all,Unamused Yotsuba,"Same GG we know and love. Just wish it didn't come half a year late and at this crazy price tag.With Rev2nd on the horizon, I'm really hoping Aksys doesn't let us down with yet another half year late port."
,Recommended,520440,32090754,Posted: 31 May,all,Kthulhu,GG is the best fighting game right now and it's not even close.
76561198122130307,Recommended,520440,31477932,Posted: 30 April,all,megaknight25,New favorite fighting game
,Recommended,520440,33722702,Posted: 22 July,all,n1ch,best 2d fighting game periodbuy it
76561198022231592,Recommended,520440,32700468,Posted: 23 June,all,AcEoFNeX,Best fighting game i have ever played
76561198152196838,Recommended,520440,34892964,Posted: 11 September,all,WhatIsMyLife,Another strong entry in the Guilty Gear franchise. This game has insanely great teaching tools to ease new players into the game without compromising the depth of the game.This is a great way for someone to ease into the series and even fighting games in general. Danger Time is stupid tho.
,Recommended,520440,34182554,Posted: 11 August,all,Exiled,game is fun
,Recommended,520440,32159873,Posted: 3 June,all,Burg,"Great game, not for me."
,Recommended,520440,32167788,Posted: 3 June,all,Hong Meiling,Amazing fighting game.
,Recommended,520440,31536544,Posted: 3 May,all,NUT IN MY BUTT,"ASW is doing what capcom should be doing with street fighter, supplying a complete game with a solid netcode and lots of single player content to keep you busy."
,Recommended,520440,32125550,Posted: 2 June,all,Ett,Best fighter out there.Great TutorialCash/content= BEST VALUE
,Recommended,520440,33705674,Posted: 21 July,all,Knot Thot,If you play KY you're probably bad
76561198142235793,Recommended,520440,32100866,Posted: 31 May,all,ATP,Was left behind from street fighter now i found a new home.
76561198070327875,Recommended,520440,34893379,Posted: 11 September,all,schadenfreude,I don't even play fighting games and I love this game.  Top-notch music and character design.  It's even fun just experimenting in the lab.
,Recommended,520440,28579487,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Daimera,"Been waiting for this for a while now, and am utterly amazed that, despite being a massive improvement over -SIGN- in just about every concievable way, it also runs WAY better on my slowly-becoming-an-increasingly-knobby-potato computer than -SIGN- did.Don't really have many hours because I already sunk a ton into the PS3 version... I also fried the internals on my friends' PS3 playing this game, which is part of the reason I've been waiting for a PC version to come out so badly.I could go on and on about this game and how stylish it is and how great it feels as a fighting game, but I'm terrible at fighting games so my opinion doesn't really matter that much on the technical front. I just love it. I love its style, I love its characters, I love its world. That's really all that matters, right?"
,Recommended,520440,29214898,Posted: 12 January,all,☆ Ⓐnother1Bites5D ☆,"Plays incredibly well online, matches that would be unplayable on console are butter smooth on PC."
,Recommended,520440,32228132,Posted: 6 June,all,Bertforce,This game has everything you would want in a fighting game. Buy this game!
76561198199159418,Recommended,520440,28834477,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,CyberLu,"Best fighting game ever, for me at least :3"
,Recommended,520440,29522119,Posted: 27 January,all,三ドル（Sandoru）,After two hours of gameplay I can say that I've never played a fighting game that's been easier to get into than this one! The controls feel so smooth and characters are very fun to watch. So glad that I've bought it.
,Recommended,520440,29794806,Posted: 8 February,all,markp,good game
,Recommended,520440,31518742,Posted: 2 May,all,propane,good game if you like good games
,Recommended,520440,32051779,Posted: 29 May,all,Foran_Skar,"The Best Fighting Game Ever Made.-Netcode is 10 times better than most other Fighting Games(espescially Street Fighter Games)-One Of the most balanced fighting games ever made-Interactiv AF and u never feel lockt out of the game (like SF u have 1% life ur opponent is sitting there and waiting for u to get in chip range)-awsome community(I litterally never met anyone toxic in this game ,seriously)-you very rarly get salty in this game because when u loose multiple times your opponent is probably better than you/ur doing things wrong and is not just getting lucky-every character has the depth of a whole SFV (or 200 ;O)-You can actually anti air and block not-instnat overheads in this game-You can actually jump or instant air dash in this game and use buttons in the air not just as jump-ins-Game is Hype (Gaiben has confirmed)-Instant Kills are cool i guessA few cons thou:-♥♥♥♥N DANGER TIME -- Remove It (never gonna happen)-not enough cons so i cant make a list ;)"
76561198050719792,Recommended,520440,34920333,Posted: 13 September,all,Mr Crowley,"Perfect.Brilliant graphics and animation.Layered, technical gameplay.Great, tactile ""feel"" to the fighting.Banging soundtrack.Easy to pick up, crazy depth, you'll never master it.Lots of characters that bring something new to the genre (tower defence, time travel, mid-match lunch etc).Best lobby system in fighting games. Full stop.Just perfect."
76561197968406208,Recommended,520440,28402211,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Heavy Metal,"Guilty Gear is perhaps my all time favorite fighting game series. I was a bit worried about REVELATOR before the purchase. The English dub was a treat to see in SIGN for me, and it sucked to hear it was going to be out. I wouldn't have minded as much if it wasn't put into the series, and then taken out. I was excited at the prospect of hearing a few of these characters in English, some of which we got a taste of in the previous story mode. I can only hope one day the devs re-consider. Even as DLC I'd love to have it again. Not a big deal for most potential buyers, I know, it's the gameplay that matters, but for me it was personally a nice touch. Also, the price for the Steam version, even with a discount for owning SIGN was still way higher than I expected. By now I'm sure it's easy to find inexpensive on PS4, however, I don't own one of those. Despite these issues, I felt it'd be good to show support.I've only dipped my feet in and did the episode for Johnny, but I can tell that it's what I generally wanted. It's Xrd, only bigger and better. The tutorials are improved, and it feels like this will be much easier to immerse myself in and try to fight it out online after some practice. Also, one wonderful surprise is the unlockable music. WAY more classics from previous Guilty Gear games than I expected, even Fatal Duel from GGX which I hoped so hard to see in Xrd.If you're hesistant on the price, and have played any form of Xrd, if you're not a big fan, you may want to wait for a sale, but for me I know I'm going to get my moneys worth here."
,Recommended,520440,28650944,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,haruka appreciator,how do i remove elphelt
,Recommended,520440,29138959,Posted: 9 January,all,Kameron,pros:-Story-best Tutorial-Elphet boobsCons:-u can't play with one keyboard and 2nd player using Controller-Dizzy is a milf :(
76561198076751948,Recommended,520440,29262457,Posted: 14 January,all,BandedRaptor,great example of what modern fighting game should be
,Recommended,520440,29346813,Posted: 18 January,all,LeonDOGE,"If you're a big fan of the Guilty Gear series, then please, just go buy this game and support ASW for this masterpiece of theirs, now! X)If you're new to fighting games in general? Have no fear, REVELATOR's in-depth tutorials and missions would help you greatly in understanding more about the game's mechanicsm characters and various techniques, as well as teaching you various techniques from basic to advanced levels. Still having a hard time, we, the playerbase, will always be open for questions, so don't worry guys!HIGHLY recommend this game, everyone! :D"
,Recommended,520440,33637604,Posted: 18 July,all,Lugana Rysniq,anime tiddy
,Recommended,520440,30871003,Posted: 1 April,all,Hazama,"match failed, match has been cancled woooooooooooooooooooow gg, it's a good game with another crap fanbase"
,Recommended,520440,29579298,Posted: 29 January,all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Best fighter out on the market atm. Game revolves around okizeme and each character plays vastly different from one another. Matchups matter because each character has such varied normals that you find yourself playing your character in ways you don't normally think you would depending on the matchup and how high a skill level you're playing in.Game has a lot of options on offense thanks to cancelling anything at any time with meter and provides options on defense and forces you to learn to block and look for opportunities due to how fast the game can be. A good fighter to get into once you have some fundementals down after playing Street Fighter.Arcsys has always done that thing where they balance and add a few new characters to the game with each iteration but charge damn near full price. Not any different here. It's slightly justified in that each iteration always moves the story forward for anyone that cares for that sort of thing. Given that the story mode is done with the game engine and how it's hours long it's slightly justified. You've also got a lot of bonus features in the periphery, such as a slightly adjusted and upgraded graphical engine, inclusion of more music, a new statue mode where you can pose the character models and take pics, which is pretty cool. It's a lot of incremental additions that make me think this game would be fine at the 30 dollar range.They've already announced revelator 2 for the spring, and given Arcsys record of delay with releasing games on PC I'd say it'll be here sometime in the summer and/or early fall, given how Arcsys said it'll be a downloadable upgrade to the base game. Don't know how they'll handle it on PC but it's pretty clear Arcsys' old model of game releases is stuck in the past and needs some tuning.Beyond all of that the game is fantastic and given how matchups matter and how each character plays real different you'll be spending an assload of time trying to get your character down just right. It took me over 100 hours on the first game getting the game down and practicing Axl, and given how my main for Rev (Johnny) is all situational and pressure oriented it'll probably be 100 hours more.Also, as of this writing (February 2017) the online is surprisingly alive and well. I never have any issues finding multiple rooms with people to fight.My leaving tip of advice is this: don't get discouraged. If you go online you're gonna get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you're gonna be confused at the outset given how this is possibly the most complicated fighter out on the market at the moment. Trust me; we were all♥♥♥♥♥♥ Some people are coming in from the old GG's so they have a good foundation, but everyone was♥♥♥♥♥♥at one point. Hell I'm♥♥♥♥♥at Johnny atm, but at the very least I have a good foundation on the game and do well with Axl.Point is if you're not a casual (I don't mean that as an insult) and want a good fighter to sink time into this is it. You'll most likely get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for the first month, but if you commit to it damn is it fun. It's the difference between doing real world street racing and playing mario kart; one is easier and instant gratification cause it's so simple, the other has a hurdle you gotta get over, but once you do you have so much more fun because there's so much more going on."
,Recommended,520440,31568833,Posted: 5 May,all,Viri,good stuff
,Recommended,520440,28432952,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,versus,hammerfall brake combos are going to give me sports injuries
76561197979621177,Recommended,520440,28382163,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Laeradr,"Smooth, responsive and well paced combat with fluid combos and a good ""buildup-meter"" system, great animations (sometimes this game feels like an interactive anime - especially some of the finishers are great and very immersive!) and a great pool of intereseting characters make Guilty Gear Xrd - REVELATOR- probably the best fighting game out there. Its easy to get in but hard to master - as it should be. Pretty much all the traditional modes (training, arcade, story, multiplayer and more) of a fighter are available and there are tons of splasharts, audio, movies etc. to unlock and sink time in.This is a ""no doubt"" recommendation, even with the heavy pricetag, as long as you are a fan of fighting games and/or anime-esque stuff.P.S. --Played a couple of hours on console prior to the steam release--"
,Recommended,520440,28367535,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Proto,YOU WANNA BE CRAZYYOU WANNA GO FREAK OUTYOU DONT WANNA BREAKDOWN IN A SOMETHING SOMETHING
,Recommended,520440,28366398,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shazbot the Brave,drop SFV already you stupid ♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,520440,32090326,Posted: 31 May,all,qwertz,"Revelator 2 is out. Buy the upgrade, it's totally worth it."
76561198114825679,Recommended,520440,30644932,Posted: 20 March,all,RISSAY JAY,An Absolute Joy For Fighting Game Enthusiasts !!!
76561198254790634,Recommended,520440,32114565,Posted: 1 June,all,Mansen,"this game is the best fighting game ever!!! first played it on ps4, but people on pc are cooler ;-) online rulez, buy THIS GAME with all the dlc friends, you wont regred it."
76561198008709041,Recommended,520440,28480135,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Kyo Yamato,"Awesome game, highly recommended for any hardcore GG fan, and also for any gamer looking for a new game to play some matches with friends.99% of the game is good for me.The only negative stuff, in my opinion are minor details, like the extra characters like Dizzy not having interactions in the story or chapter mode, it is kinda dissapointing watching her fight her husband or son and just be like ""meh, another fight"".Also the graphic options not being that much customizable from the game's menu, for some people like myself, you have to go and edit a file in the game's folder in order to play it in really low settings, (it still looks amazing after deactivating most of the eye candy anyways)And lastly, it doesn't feel that much like an entire new game, much of this could have been just DLCs added to the previous GGXrd game, some changes to scenarios, slightly different menus, a few new characters."
76561198044666749,Recommended,520440,32910385,Posted: 27 June,all,▪At-low▪,Buy it or die
,Recommended,520440,29486073,Posted: 25 January,all,OptimusPavlos1,"Incredible fighting game with a very complex but well taught system. Very importantly, it has an excellint netcode"
,Recommended,520440,30255621,Posted: 28 February,all,TENBIT,i wasn't a weeb untill i played ggxrd-rnow i sleep with my ramlethal dakimakura11/10 私は私の家に不名誉をもたらす
76561198078139201,Recommended,520440,31533955,Posted: 3 May,all,Onyy,"I think any game that gets me into that ""just one more game"" mode and staying up well into the next morning deserves some credit. And thats what this game did.Pros:-fun, unique, and appealing characters-apparently there is a full blown story-great music-customizable controls-varied control styles for skill levelsCons:-no english voice over-some character voices can be anoying at times-small roster? Im not sure what a normal size is for these gamesAlthough im pretty new to fighting games like these I found the controls easy enough to pick up, especially with the different ""style"" modes and customizable key bindings."
,Recommended,520440,33757884,Posted: 23 July,all,DonkeyWorld,You play Tekken for 3D and you play Guilty Gear for 2D. That's just how it is.
,Recommended,520440,34871905,Posted: 10 September,all,Azazel Hinanawi,"Despite refunding this due to my garbage tier PC I would highly reccomend it, I'm not really into fighting games however this game takes the cake as one of the best games I've ever played. With it's colourful cast of characters and it's kickass soundtrack to add icing on an already delicious cake this is honestly an amazing experience and its a blast to play with friends."
76561198317968266,Recommended,520440,34962921,Posted: 14 September,all,S0fty,"good game, recommended"
,Recommended,520440,31554016,Posted: 4 May,all,Chronox,at this point i dont think i need to say anything
,Recommended,520440,32956931,Posted: 28 June,all,Fox,Ramlethal
,Recommended,520440,33007328,Posted: 29 June,all,Emptiness,Amazing game 10/10
76561198071698217,Recommended,520440,30272204,Posted: 1 March,all,Lyle,one of my favorite games ever this is just pure awesome. also im looking for a weeaboo girlfriend oh god please
,Recommended,520440,33399168,Posted: 9 July,all,Ra_,best fighting game i've ever playedbut get rev 2 because rev 1 is kinda dead
76561198136767409,Recommended,520440,28443797,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,isuruspaucus,"I already have it on PS3, it's even better on PC.I don't have much to say, it's gorgeous (maybe the most beautiful Anime/Cell Shading until now in a videogame IMHO), easier to play than the previous entries but still very hard to master, musics are great, there's A LOT of content...On the bad side : it's expensive, the chara design and the story could be viewed as weird or silly if you are not prepared or used to Japanese Anime, and don't buy this if you don't like belts.Apart from that, it's an amazing fighting game."
,Recommended,520440,28424702,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Ischyro Max,"Just found out last night that -Revelator- was already released on Steam on December 14th. Just bought it today. This is one impulse buy that I'll never regret.IMO, this is one of the best series when it comes to fighting games."
,Recommended,520440,29566279,Posted: 29 January,all,Plague von Karma,"Good game, but just don't go online if you've only just got it.You'll die."
76561198189565657,Recommended,520440,29648024,Posted: 2 February,all,illegalbeings,"The game with waifus so nice, you'll buy it twice."
76561198093311963,Recommended,520440,28479035,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Damashi The Kaotic,Currently my favorite fighting game on pc.
76561198049856255,Recommended,520440,28483083,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Kusanagi,GOOD GAME!!
,Recommended,520440,28491765,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Nunu_13,"GGXrd Revelator has everything: graphic, story, mechanic, char balance, music, good port, steam cloud, and best online lobby. When they release Baiken, Anji, Testament, Robo Ky, Order Sol, Justice... this will be a perfect fighting game.PS. While this game is better at everything, I still have no idea why SF is more popular than GG franchise. :DFrom: Proud Guilty Gear fan since year 2000 (GGX)."
76561198038581953,Recommended,520440,29180040,Posted: 11 January,all,BCT.Hellscream,"Jogo de luta excelente. Jogo Guilty Gear desde o Missing Link para PSX e foi o jogo de luta que me inseriu no cenario competitivo.Ponto positivo vai obviamente para a trilha sonora. Gosto muito da OST da serie Accent Core, mas as musicas do Sign e Revelator tambem sao muito boas. Vale ressaltar que o Revelator disponibiliza a OST de todos os jogos da serie, inclusive do Guilty Gear Isuka (uma das melhores trilhas na minha opiniao).Os personagens sao carismaticos, criativos e unicos. Cada um possui um gameplay muito peculiar e grande potencial de vitoria, o que torna o jogo bastante balanceado e cheio de possibilidades. Acho que isso era mais evidente na serie Accent Core, visto que o Sign e Revelator foram produzidos sob uma otica mais amigavel para atrair novos jogadores.Meu unico ponto ""negativo"" com relacao a serie eh a dificuldade em se tornar um bom jogador. Eh um jogo complexo e com curva de aprendizado nao muito amigavel. Chegar ao ponto em que o jogo fica divertido por voce dominar a movimentacao frenetica e os combos estilosos, podendo se equiparar competitivamente com outros jogadores relativamente experientes, eh muito motivador. Mas passar disso para entender o jogo a fundo, em que situacoes fazer qual tipo de jogada e tudo isso dentro de intervalos curtos de tempo (pois o jogo eh rapido e agressivo) pode ser frustrante a principio e levar um tempo ate que o jogador se acostume com a ideia.Isso era bem evidente na serie Accent Core e anteriores. Agora com a serie XRD o jogo esta um pouco mais facilitado, entao nao eh tao dificil se tornar um player destacavel no ranking, em campeonatos ou mesmo em jogatinas casuais. O que pode ser um ponto frustrante para jogadores old school da serie, mas no geral eh bem vantajoso devido a grande playerbase que o jogo tem atraido, alem do proprio destaque do jogo em grandes torneios como a EVO.Resumindo, o jogo eh muito bonito, OST fantastica, personagens legais, criativos e variados. Eh muito satisfatorio dominar as mecanicas e combos, possibilitando fazer jogadas estilosas e bonitas. Apesar da curva de aprendizado ainda ser relativamente elevada, todo jogador de jogos de luta que simpatize com air dashers deveria dar uma espiada em Guilty Gear! =)"
76561197970736388,Recommended,520440,29245690,Posted: 14 January,all,ATG,"the best fighting game currently on the market. if you don't have it on consoles already, get it, this version is superior anyway (less input lag).also, revelator 2 was just announced as a free upgrade to this game on all platforms."
,Recommended,520440,29286554,Posted: 15 January,all,Disa,I ♥♥♥♥ing suck at this game but so far it's fun
76561198057673711,Recommended,520440,28443473,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,_WrencH_,I played the first game on PS3 then PS4 ! And now on PC ! This game is amazing ! One of the best fighting games in th Steam ... It might be a bit pricey but its worth it !
76561198271921903,Recommended,520440,28451339,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Tsunami,Guilty Gear kicks some major♥♥♥♥
76561198089617151,Recommended,520440,29421992,Posted: 22 January,all,Turel,Guilty gear Xrd Revelator is the newest game made by Arc systems works the same developers as Blazblue.  As 2D fighting games go I have to give all credit to Arc systems works for pushing the limits and pushing between art and gaming. As a fighting game goes it's easy to pick up but harder to master.  Arc systems works have put in a tutorial/dojo mode that goes in depth and is one of the better tutorial modes I have seen within a fighting game.Guilty gear Xrd Revelator also has a diverse cast of characters  Axl low to  Jack -O all feeling unique Story mode feels like you are watching a movie that is very well animated  and polished  the only thing I can say that is negative is that the online play sometimes feels lacking when hardly no one plays online but that might change and even then it has a throwback to the arcade days is it worth the pick up? My answer is yes pick it up
76561198086359086,Recommended,520440,32430784,Posted: 15 June,all,Derby,Only 9 hours in and fire af.
,Recommended,520440,28432988,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,NOTHINGNESS AND DESPAIR,YES ANIME
,Recommended,520440,29362406,Posted: 19 January,all,Princess Rachel,"Pros:1: Fantastic graphics that succeed in creating the faux-2D efffect that developers of cel-shaded games have been trying & failing to do for decades; a noteable achievement that perhaps will mark the standard of future anime-styled games.2: Engaging story & universe full of pure awesome style and a rich legacy in fighting game history.3: Loveable characters with vibrant, deep personalities.4: Simple, accessible gameplay that allows for anyone to get into it, while retaining some complexity for the hardcore crowd.Cons:No English dub, unlike -SIGN-, so you have to put up with awful, unfitting Japanese voices screeching & growling in your ears. Fortunately, you can turn the voices off in the settings, and just work off the subtitles."
76561198043749359,Recommended,520440,28460512,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,StringKiller,"Great fighting game (best for my taste) if you like long combos, fast placed combat and a lot of jumping and dashing.Characters are pretty unique in style and gameplay so It feels different with every one and there's a char for everyone.The game is not cheap but it's still worth it even if you own -SIGN- as it has a new story mode which plays like a movie, several new characters, improved graphics, better MOM mode and the best fighting game tutorial out there for newcomers.Also this is one of the best balanced fighting game out there even though each character is vastly different from one another. Skill makes de difference not tiers."
76561197997290451,Recommended,520440,28550743,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,SHINO,Unable to watch the Anime movie ......
,Recommended,520440,28364823,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,tacosmash34,"An awesome FG, stunnning visuals and netcode, and runs well on my old♥♥♥♥♥gt630 10/10"
,Recommended,520440,28386798,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,☵➘Immune❖2AIDS➚☵,"I literally could not stop staring at Jam's yams for hours.In regards to any reviews that mention the resolution of the game or any graphical grievances. I wrote a guide here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=818606016It should help anyone on the fence about buying it because of the resolution issue.Great fighting game, definitely worth it."
76561198064367859,Recommended,520440,28368414,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,ScrubMaster,"An excellent fighting game, a good PC port. What more can you ask for?"
,Recommended,520440,28404525,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,ネプテューヌのハアン,This game deserves 2 kisses. One for being released on steam and other one for remarkable and better optimization.
,Recommended,520440,28411386,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,OhDatsApplesMate,Featuring Johnny from the Guilty Gear® Series
,Recommended,520440,28382382,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,genei ryodan,"best fighter in recent times. dropped 800+ hours into SIGN version, and will probably drop even more into rev. great port so far, and netplay (at least with my regular buddies from SIGN) felt smooth.anyone who likes fighters should purchase this game."
76561198040222292,Recommended,520440,28416234,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,SHSL Sabre,"The most recent Guilty Gear finally arrives on PC! If you, like me, are bummed at the mess that Street Fighter V was/is, have I got a game for you...Pros:Characters - 23 characters, all unique and entertaining, with more possibly on the waySingle-player content - With ""Episodes"" for each character and a cinematic story mode for those interested in the deep lore, and a Tutorial, Missions, Combos for every character, and a robust Training mode for the lab monsters, as well as MOM for an interesting take on things.Competitive - Arc System Works has consistently had good netcode, and communities to play with are easy enough to find.Visuals - Stunning. Probably the best-looking fighting game in terms of aesthetics.Music - Daisuke Ishiwatari strikes again with new songs like ""Juno"" and ""One Dawn"", while it also includes the same old songs SIGN had and adds classics like ""Awe of She"" and ""Irony of Chaste"" from previous games.Gameplay - Fantastic as usual, and the addition of Throw Breaks and making Danger Time slightly less random have been positive changes.Cons:Controller support - I'm using a DS4, and even though Steam supports it, REVELATOR does some...odd things. Slightly fixable through the config menu, but still visually confusing.Pricing - Kinda expensive, especially for the deluxe version. Also, two of the characters are Paid DLC, which kinda grates.All in all, a fantastic game. If you don't want to buy it just yet, wait for a sale and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,520440,34164451,Posted: 11 August,all,RexSol,⠀
,Recommended,520440,29624132,Posted: 1 February,all,クポ,"Play this game, it's awesome : D"
,Recommended,520440,32107574,Posted: 1 June,all,joose,need baikens♥♥♥♥♥♥to kill me
,Recommended,520440,34748938,Posted: 4 September,all,AAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!,-
,Recommended,520440,29476504,Posted: 24 January,all,Leminine lfg in MELTY BLOOD,not for potatoesgit gud and soulsteal
,Recommended,520440,29047414,Posted: 5 January,all,Waka Flaka Zulu,"An amazing ♥♥♥♥ing game. If you are a filthy casual and don't want to get good at fighting games, then play this♥♥♥♥♥♥instead of Street Fighter V. If you want to get good, then play this game anyway."
,Recommended,520440,29506180,Posted: 26 January,all,NeoGeoMVS,great fighting game worth the money. this game isnt better than street fighter 3 third strike but no fighter will ever be so i can live with that.
,Recommended,520440,29537031,Posted: 28 January,all,Maiyell,"Jam's back.10/10 would aru all day, every day"
,Recommended,520440,28398737,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,UrWaifuIsntReal,"Best fighting game, good port.Get ready to rock!"
,Recommended,520440,28495171,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,jingplusone,"If you like fast-paced combo-chaining type fighting games with over-the-top anime flair, Guilty Gear is the answer. What's more, the way they've done story mode is an awesome feature film length anime that you can watch in one sitting or take it chapters at a time. (Best enjoyed if you play through every character's arcade story first though).If you're into the story, definitely recommend getting the combo pack which includes Xrd Sign so you can get caught up with the latest in the Guilty Gear world."
,Recommended,520440,28486357,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Waezer,"Without question the best-made fighting game out there.~ The Good ~The multiplayer lobby system has virtual arcade machines for a room of players to mingle, fight, and watch.  With Revelator, the lobby now includes a customizable cute avatar and a virtual environment.  Multiplayer uses the basic Steam friends features and the netplay is lag-free in my experience.The meat of GG Xrd is a cast of diverse, well-balanced characters who ooze personality.  While rushdown and setplay are major themes of the game, every character archetype you'd expect from a complete fighter is represented: grapplers, projectile zoners, ""Dhalsim"" stretchy zoning, rekkas.  There's even a character that fills the screen with minions.Easy to learn, hard to master mechanics provide a lot of room for creativity, but don't require grinding out perfection in practice mode as much as many games... but if that's your thing, you can construct optimal combos and set-ups in the training room for hours.  The ""Gatling"" (chain combo) system makes the game approachable for new players who are often put off by awkward link comboing.  There's even a ""stylish"" mode where inputs are simplified so you can play with your scrub friends.Despite being fairly technical, Xrd is a spectacular intro for fighting game and Guilty Gear outsiders.  Newbies can start with a tutorial teaching basic controls, play through missions designed to teach concepts and basic skills, and end with character specific combo challenges that you'll actually use.  There's also a full arcade and story mode, although the story mode is more of a visual novel.The visuals are gorgeous, but also convey information clearly.  For such a hectic game, you'll never feel that a move's animation failed to convey its heft or reach. The sound track is a high-energy mashup of heavy metal influences.Great performance, quick load times. Plug and play controller support for every controller I've tried.The Bad- No English dubs in -Revelator-.  -Sign- had them.- It would be nice to see cross platform play with consoles, even though that feature is very rare.- Paying full price for -Sign- plus new characters and a couple of new mechanics... on a six month delay.The Awkward- It's a little bit weeaboo (but not as bad as other ArcSys games).- We're hoping -Revelator-'s release on PC isn't immediately followed by a new version announcement for arcade/consoles.  (But none has shown up in arcades yet.)- Unlocking character colors you were accustomed to using in -Sign-.  But this might also be something that keeps players coming back.Even if GG isn't your thing, the quality of Xrd is indisputable.Finally: here's a neat video about how they achieved the art style:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhGjCzxJV3E"
,Recommended,520440,32071434,Posted: 30 May,all,RiotStamp,"11/rock youpraise lord DaisukeAlso, LET THE GAME SYNC YOU FUX"
,Recommended,520440,32793779,Posted: 25 June,all,PingNasty,I finally caved in $60 for everything timing to train up :)
76561198175051199,Recommended,520440,32741719,Posted: 24 June,all,cocolanzer,"tutorial is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but good game after that"
,Recommended,520440,33114979,Posted: 1 July,all,Hello World,im a fanboy
76561198101626354,Recommended,520440,32715510,Posted: 24 June,all,zealot0630,Great game
,Recommended,520440,33199126,Posted: 3 July,all,Matzezizezo,A really good and quite unique fighting game. I can only recommend this underrated fighting game spectacle.
,Recommended,520440,33310177,Posted: 6 July,all,ctwtn,"doesn't have a legendary theme song like Street Fighter IV did, but still p good"
76561197960884305,Recommended,520440,32710419,Posted: 23 June,all,Rock John Axe,Games really good.
,Recommended,520440,28481988,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Brutalizer,I had an ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198079376527,Recommended,520440,28482634,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,dongusmclongus,Please buy this game. It's already dead.
76561198045814831,Recommended,520440,34112595,Posted: 8 August,all,Rizzo the Rat,Best tutorial.
,Recommended,520440,34321785,Posted: 17 August,all,🍌,perfection
,Recommended,520440,31852892,Posted: 19 May,all,Metal Crüe,"It's really nice seeing Guilty Gear rise up again, the Xrd series did wonders to the series and it's debatable that as of now, Revelator and soon to be Rev 2 is the best guilty gear game.While this is obviously a high skill fighting game, I appreciate the story mode a lot more than others might and I'm really happy they (sort of) retconned the series since the X and XX games storyline was an inconsistent cluster♥♥♥♥. Now the story of Xrd, especially Revelator is a major upgrade compared to the old but it's still in need of a lot of polish.Obviously as a fighter the gameplay is still the biggest aspect of Revelator, it's blood pumping and extremely satisfying, I did notice some people getting rather upset over how much easier the Xrd games are compared to the old but for me it's not an issue in the slightest, the hardcore elitism won't do this game any good, but what matters is that the gameplay is very enaging and the heavy soundtrack makes it all the better, even if the older soundtrack kinda demolishes the new one (you can still unlock the old songs).I'm really glad Arcsys is taking more effort into steam releases nowadays and Rev2 should be around the corner, will it be good? I'm gonna remain neutral since it's basically just a 20€ patch with pointless balance and two characters of which only one matters (It's been so long Baiken).If I'd have to point out flaws in the game...well outside of the still mediocre story there's really nothing, although this isn't the games fault but Guilty Gear has propably the worst community in the fighting game genre by a long shot. Well we can't have everything we want right? Still an overall great game and easily one of the best modern fighters."
,Recommended,520440,31915134,Posted: 23 May,all,Sunflower1991,Nice Game!
,Recommended,520440,28383256,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,TedGreen,"Part 2 of THE greatest VN about Ramlethal eating burgers. Jokes aside, in its core, game have very polished gameplay, great cast of charasters with unique to fighting games fight styles, awesome tutorial\combo\missions mode, and amazing if not the best cell-shading. Definetly best fighting game on PC so far(till tekken 7 at least)P.S. Rammy is love, Rammy is life."
76561198006678733,Recommended,520440,28368163,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,RogerSmith,It's Guilty Gear. It's a solid port. Buy it.Dizzy is best girl.Support your local fighting games.
76561198052499832,Recommended,520440,34903162,Posted: 12 September,all,MercenaryBadger,oh my god im so tired of my moms boyfriend phil huffing paint in the garage. why wont he just leave already there's nothing here for him he already pawned all my dvds when i was at school to buy more paint i hate him
76561198045659727,Recommended,520440,28364829,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Red X,"Game is beautiful. They updated the UI plus now you can customize not only the buttons for battle but for the menu too. Only a couple of gripes but nothing to keep me from playing the crap out of this.Where are the English voices? 90% of the anime I watch is subbed but the dubs in Guilty Gear were that so solid. I was fully immersed in the first game, I can't deal with Japanese voices anymore for this game. I was really waiting for story mode but I don't want to have to read it. Basically I'm saying I'm spoiled after the first game.2nd complaint is lack of screen size settings while in Fullscreen. Too much of my screen is cut off, I can only read 75% of the words on the sub titles in story mode anyway. But you guys were awesome about the updates with Sign on Steam so I'm sure this will be fixed in no time."
76561198034914601,Recommended,520440,28395774,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DingoSouls,"Looks great, plays great, port seems great, is great."
,Recommended,520440,28380891,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lvovich 熊,"I've been playing smash bros melee for a couple years and thought I would try and get into another fighting game. A Friend recommended that I try this game, and I'm loving it. The character designs are amazing. So impressed at how each and every characters is unique.10/10"
,Recommended,520440,28465878,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Rikimtasu ZMC,The best fighting game tutorial ever.
76561198073558813,Recommended,520440,29421337,Posted: 22 January,all,GonzoHerbz,"Top notch, highly impressed!"
76561198338493202,Recommended,520440,29607255,Posted: 31 January,all,M1401082,How can I get a new Character?
,Recommended,520440,33102070,Posted: 1 July,all,Ecstatic,10/10 Almost as good as cracking open a cold one with the boys
,Recommended,520440,29478776,Posted: 25 January,all,Hotashi,nerf elphelt or i refund
,Recommended,520440,28419171,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Bond of Travolta,"I'll just add to what I think still haven't been elaborated.------------------------------------------Vastly improved netcode.- Connection is actually consistent now. frame delay sticks to a certain value and I've yet to see spikes of any amount.Better optimization.- I could crank up the graphic settings to maximum now & it'd have no performance impact whatsoever.Also worth noting that playing on any stage online is now actually viable & a thing. Unlike back then in steam SIGN, where for the most part you can only play at the Japan & Central Organ Tower map to avoid connection desync between players.Battle damage- Scratches now appear on character models after they take damage. It's very minor, but a nice addition nonetheless.Online Match Room & Fishing Spot- I heard there aren't lobbies where you can roam around as on consoles yet, however some of these are in & that's already pretty nice. Inside rooms you can still play football & otherwise, fish for stuffs at the fishing spot.Inside rooms, you are free to linger around & play all of the other offline game modes even. This is great for when you're waiting for players and stuff inside the room.Since fishing costs in-game money, and they unlock things that aren't unlockable otherwise (e.g. diorama mode items), you could practically grind for in-game money so you can keep unlocking things. Making in-game money more of a thing now & gives you incentives to just keep playing the game, fighting or whatever.Story & Episode Mode- SIGN's story took a slow start at the beginning, since it's very well a new story arc in the universe after XX and they were making sure you weren't lost on the big picture. Since that has been covered though, REVELATOR's story is more on point & more engaging from the get go.For those who haven't seen SIGN's story, at the beginning of REVELATOR's, you are also shown the entire story of SIGN in a short recap.Two gripes about it however, is that the subtitles are kinda too fast. Another thing being, there's still no seek bars for the story, even though you can pause & save at any moment. The story would continue at the exact moment you saved when you load them again.------------------------------------------All in all, it's definitely worth the upgrade from SIGN. The price may be steep, but I understand that these things need money for the R&D (which imo has been spent well on). The game is in a great state now even though it's just been released for PC. Have yet to encounter bugs or things needing fixes. It's great to play both offline & online.Besides, we all had SIGN for goddamned cheap. Think of it as paying what you saved on SIGN for REVELATOR and it breaks even."
76561198020148648,Recommended,520440,28428907,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,KuoiN,"Better than -SIGN- and SF5 for that matter, so why don't you join the -Revelation- ?"
76561198140051390,Recommended,520440,28366668,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,夜雨随风,my favorite fighting game
,Recommended,520440,28379759,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,James Lame,Great Netcode (Better than the PS3). Great game.Gods gift.
76561198020438753,Recommended,520440,28383188,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Pass_the _M,"As a long time not very good guilty gear player, the tutorial is excellent. It teaches the basics using mini games and is actually kinda fun and you actually get to practice what you learn. If you're new to the series this is the best entry point."
,Recommended,520440,28439407,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Rubicen,is good
,Recommended,520440,28441034,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,PAN,the best
,Recommended,520440,28440199,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,PenzXQieL,All I do is kick the damn ball when I go online/room/ while others are having fun. I love that ball so much. <3 11/10!
,Recommended,520440,28384009,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Timatou,Best fighting game serie and Dizzy is back with an overkill*actually not really an overkill
,Recommended,520440,32462213,Posted: 15 June,all,Apoocalypse,Ram is dum but everything else is pre gud.
,Recommended,520440,28381217,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Sinistar_Aries,"Note: I owned this on PS3 when it came out.Checked this out before getting some rest to see if it would run on this computer and if it was still the same as what you get on the console versions few months back.  Everything checks out. Even added the figurine mode where you can set up a little table of figurines of the characters, changing poses and all matter of things about them.This version currently doesn't have the large lobbies but you can still get into multiplayer rooms, those are still there from what I read on the forums.The minimum to run this game is a bit off, though. I could run SIGN with a Radeon HD 6900 series and can run this game as well with it without any problems. Even the anime and cutscenes work without a hitch.  So keep that in mind.I'm extremely pleased this finally came to PC and happier to know that just like with SIGN, they built the game from the ground up to play on computers so this isn't some direct from console port....now to make some time to sink into this game again. :D"
76561198023310372,Recommended,520440,28382627,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Aqua Snake,Not much to say really.  It's an amazing fighting game with lots of in game content.
,Recommended,520440,28516673,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Indulge me,"fantastic game and great port, wifi players please go to another game."
76561198117069381,Recommended,520440,32075234,Posted: 30 May,all,alf_esqueda,"Don't think, buy. 10/10. best Fighting game of all"
,Recommended,520440,33691381,Posted: 21 July,all,ceri,best fighting game ever
76561198146522541,Recommended,520440,28387632,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,khermerker,"well what i can say... this is a guilty gear .. if you had play the other games.. you probably had bought this already.. if you want get the story.. well all go back to first game.. so is hard to follow if you dont own other games... still is the best story i had see, i pass the training.. 1 arcade and see all the animation.. fish a little.. put figures.. and well this game is kinda better that sign.. still if you like the story you will regret dont have sign.. or the ones before them..."
76561198078791771,Recommended,520440,28379889,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,WayneDude,GUAN FLAMMMEEEEEEE!!!!!
,Recommended,520440,28390680,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,DrFromage,"Highly diversified characters, satisfying combos with good feedback, a great tutorial + combo introduction for each character, a godly artstyle and soundtrack, buttery smoothness, 1f input lag, blitz loading screens, A+ voice acting, lovable cast, significant story mode with lore encyclopedia,This game is fun, extemely fun both to discover and play and will never fail to put a smile on your face when you place that sweet combo or your favorite bgm comes up. Fights are so much hype ! Look up some replays on Youtube/Twitch and you'll agree.Go meet the lovely chaps over at r/Guiltygear and their Discord so you can get some friendly sets.Fighting games enthusiast ? Play Guilty Gear and you won't regret it, it is one of the best out there !Arc System Works, thank you \^w^)"
76561198053891441,Recommended,520440,28392854,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Prez O'T Bank,"Really love it, even more then sign.Amazing new characters that are very fun to play and a great addition to the game."
,Recommended,520440,28419915,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Julian,Good
,Recommended,520440,28421901,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Takuyaki,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is fun
,Recommended,520440,32555687,Posted: 18 June,all,Cyber,This game sucks but I'm still gonna play it because I'm a slave to the system.
76561198088228494,Recommended,520440,28426389,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Krang,LIII-dah da Litah-NIIING!!!!-Yeah get this game
,Recommended,520440,28381483,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,AYOMEN,GOD'S GIFT
,Recommended,520440,28388468,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Seph,Let's Rock!
,Recommended,520440,28390029,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Hyybrid,"Kinda pricey, especially when compared to the release of -Sign- but the new additions and lobby modes are great. Also there is a figurine collection and posing mode for weirdos."
,Recommended,520440,33667922,Posted: 20 July,all,ItsBigPanda,Get this game but get Blazblue first LOL
,Recommended,520440,28384535,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,グシオンリベイク,Worth it.
76561198043096322,Not Recommended,520440,30210940,Posted: 26 February,all,Firen,I RECOMMEND this game.It's my favorite FG but as a SIGN owner the launch price was an insult to me.
,Recommended,520440,28384427,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Hhan,"Buy, play and fight me you weebs! ahhh :Aste_Esto: ahhhMenu button config yeah :steamhappy://EDITWoah no emoticon for reviews. How lame are you steam people?"
,Recommended,520440,28391780,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,FLIMFLAM,its amazing
76561197998671290,Recommended,520440,28363170,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,wowtio,Best game ever
,Not Recommended,520440,28477761,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Apple,"so it finally came out for pc, at full retail price not including any of the dlc characters or anything like 6 months later."
,Recommended,520440,29102891,Posted: 7 January,all,exanimo.tw,A great fighter that I feel ashamed to play.What's with the sexualization of women in fighting games? It just keeps getting worse. :\
76561198081873782,Not Recommended,520440,28580084,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Pure & Fur,"It costs too much money and Dinput controllers are obliterated in this game. For whatever reason, the mapping is reversed from Dinput to Xinput, making A B, and B A, etc. This would be easily solvable but the in game controller config manages to mess it up even further, so both pad and stick players are crushed by this."
,Not Recommended,520440,33954623,Posted: 1 August,all,Shambles,"Very fun learning the mechanics and seeing very unique move lists per character.The online is dead. People don't use rank matchmaking nor player lobbies. Just friendly lobbies.Includes the most tutorials out of any fighting game to teach you every single thing you may ever come across and more in the future.There are around 3 songs i really enjoy, but the rest are just too obnoxious. No vocals just hard beating those drums.There are many character designs I really enjoy, but the select few just look ugly and ruin the vibe. (Venom, Bedman, Kum)I really suggest buying the game on sale because ""Rev 2"" the must have DLC will cost you another 20$ USD.Honest Review. The reason why I don't recommend is because online is dead. Price point at release and current for an old ps4 game. Story mode has no fights just a terrible... (not even cheese) story for newcommers."
76561198246196338,Not Recommended,520440,34097965,Posted: 8 August,all,Gray Fox,i really wish i could play this game online but seems like the online part of this game atleast on pc is broken :(
76561197985469005,Recommended,520440,28362364,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Ichi,Perfect!
76561198070649593,Not Recommended,520440,28529665,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,d3@TH_$T!gmA,"GG is atemptting to lauch with optional parameters as shown below.""-SEEKFREELOADINGPCCONSOLE - NOHOMEDIR - NOSPLASH -LANGUAGUE=INT""Then it gives me the option to of ok and cancel and everytime i click on ok it rotates me to back to this message.Please help me........the error is a real mood killer"
76561198212017331,Not Recommended,520440,34203779,Posted: 12 August,all,the weedian,"A game with dead multi-player I could deal with but the speed in he game is painfully slow, I was extremely disapointed in this game because i loved guilty gear xx."
,Recommended,520440,28361443,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Dozer92,Misutofaina.
76561197972336883,Not Recommended,520440,28368843,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,twitch.tv/DudemasterSupreme,"memory leak that was supposedly patched in -sign- 1.3 still existsthe longer you play the game, the more frames it dropswill recommend when this gets fixed"
,Not Recommended,520440,30000201,Posted: 17 February,all,falener,"good game but I had some issues, I couldn't find any matches for some reason (KI and SFV worked fine) and it would not recognize inputs from my Hitbox arcade stick (worked on KI and SFV) so ultimately I requested a refund. I could recommend for the offline game but in my scenario I could not get it working online for me."
,Not Recommended,520440,29968506,Posted: 16 February,all,Eric Gibby,"LET'S TRIGGER FANBOYS WITH SOME TRUTHS:- Lack of player base on PC since there is no cross-play.- Bad Ranked matches system, already dead, people still skip it cause its badly done.- They say the netcode is better but actually its the same with SIGN and reality is its just ok. Not good, not great...Just ok..- People say the ''world dollar'' system is awesome but here's the truth about it: In SIGN you had every colors unlocked from the begining,right? In revelator you need that ''World Dollars'' to unlock the existed same colors.- No alternate costumes. Same colors.- No English dubs btw. Almost all chars are non-japanese but they are trying to speak Eng.  This is like having Japanese version of Dante only for DMC or Umvc3.- If you dont like guitar solos you wont like the music this game has.- Really small buffer times will give you cancer.- The gameplay itself is attack-only oriented. Very friendly for spammers.- Best defensive option is to keep mashing HS so if opponent screws up his combo, you'll get a throw.- Punishes are non-existed. When your opponent whiff, the best option you have is just jump and gtfo there so you can attack.- At least graphics are better than SIGN. Way better actually. Backgrounds or new lightinings and shadows on models etc.If those are not problems to you, then enjoy it."
76561198033946987,Not Recommended,520440,30326544,Posted: 4 March,all,KWF,ded gaem
76561198113491821,Not Recommended,520440,28988598,Posted: 3 January,all,Yoric,"This game does not work with either the Steam Controller or with my fightstick. You have to play with the keyboard as player one, which is about the worst thing I can think of for a fighting game. 0 stars.Edit: Not only does this game not natively support various controllers (without a load of tinkering, according to some people on the internet), but it is UGLY. This is the worst-looking fighting game I have seen since the 1990s. It is even worse than Skullgirls, and almost as bad as Street Fighter: The Movie. If you're 12 years old and watch a lot of cartoons, I guess this could appeal to you, but for anyone with any taste whatsoever it looks like a pile of crap. Why it has adult themes when it's designed for 12-year-olds, I do not know."
,Not Recommended,520440,33432241,Posted: 10 July,all,B.A.,"TL;DR much salt and tears over lack of proper localisation, the dub I mean.I know this'll get downvoted pretty hard so I'll cut to it *doesn't do this*, damn I'm so fed up of fighting games ditching the regular ol' joe player. SF5 release was the final nail for that, wtf happened to soul calibur? Tekken, lol ah anyway, Guilty gear was the last great for me, great graphics,, true to the originals, whilst modernising (very hard to pull off), fantastic responsiveness, very technical, great modes, support for my beginner friends and a nice story mode that is separated from the game that you have to read because no dubs. ""Yay!"", I hear you say, ""the dub on sign sucked♥♥♥♥♥and I hated it, also dubs suck, the true otaku only uses subs"" Well whoopdy frickin doo, good for you ya weeb. Some of us want to play a game not get tricked into buying a bloody subbed VN. After buying damn near every release to get Arcsys to jump on steam proper, I'm now jumping ship, enjoy the ride nerds.  (Also was Baiken always so well endowed?)"
76561198043658491,Not Recommended,520440,28368364,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Lag,Pay2win ravage with DLC characters pwning everything? Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR-.Balance patches that buff high-tiers and nerf low-tiers? Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR-.Netplay worse than Guilty Gear Xrd Sign? Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR-.I can live with most of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ but not poor balance. Fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥ Arcsys.
76561198143422905,Recommended,520440,30543653,Posted: 16 March,all,AnimeBird,Criminally underrated
76561198275707523,Recommended,520440,30661639,Posted: 21 March,all,RickterScale,By far one of my favorite fighting games of all time!! The gameplay is fantastic and the way they did the story is truly unique! Great game along with the rest of the series!
76561197993766073,Recommended,520440,30562024,Posted: 16 March,all,ClownBaby,"A very stylish, fast-paced game.I discovered the game after Street Fighter 5, and was intimidated by the number of systems; the tutorial (missions) do an extremely good job of introducing you to how to play the game.Solid netcode, responsive controls, metal as hell"
,Recommended,520440,30587518,Posted: 18 March,all,NapalmBulletdive,I really don't like anime. But this Dragon Install owns and it's epic.
76561198043916040,Recommended,520440,30678965,Posted: 22 March,all,Jarl Sagan,"Great Game. IMO best modern fighting game. ArcSys put everything they've learned since losing the GG IP and really polished it up. Lots of diverse fighters, best ""3d but 2d"" animations, beautiful backgrounds, and epic music. An absolute joy to play."
76561198001606968,Recommended,520440,30837817,Posted: 30 March,all,LIFE IS TOO SHORT TO BE LITTLE,this game is great but i owned my friends too much and they stopped wanting to play
,Recommended,520440,30914757,Posted: 2 April,all,"Kim, The Schwifty",This deserves its best in class status. What a game.
76561198053956361,Recommended,520440,28467936,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,BegginBlue,"Highly improved netcode, Bigger cast of characters, most likely the prettiest Fighting game out there."
76561198041943500,Recommended,520440,28481970,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Holmborn,"Guilty Gear Xrd - Revelator - is probably the best fighting game to date.It has the best tutorial in all of fighting games, allowing a simple newcomer to the genre to understand every aspect of the genre and Revelator.It has next to no input lag, allowing for the smoothest experience you can possibly imagine.The netcode is rock solid, with only 2-4frames of lag on good connections, without any noticeable lag spikes or latency issues.The visual and aesthetic design of Revelator is AMAZING. The soundtrack is absolutely astonishing with upbeat electric guitar and drums pumping adrenaline through every match, and the graphical style of Revelator is simple a sight to behold. If you're not that into fighting games, you owe it to yourself to at least buy Revelator, run it the best you can and just stare at the amazing visuals.The PC port is great, and wont let you down with lack of Dinput support, Xinput support, Rebindable keys for both keyboard and controller and barely any issues with running.I have experienced 2 crashes, one on startup the very first time i booted it up, however this has only happened once, despite trying to replicate it.I also experienced a crash after trying to exit it via Alt+F4, but that was most likely right at the start of an auto save, as the save data was wiped.The game also has a slightly sketchy business model, with 3 characters as DLC on day 1, despite very clearly being in the game. One of those can be earned with ingame currency, but the 2 others are locked behind a paywall.Despite these faults, the game is still great. Definetly pick this up."
,Recommended,520440,28484440,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Gamma Ray,"Great game, very happy :)"
76561198010912350,Recommended,520440,28483276,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Skymarshall (Heff),Look. It's good.
,Recommended,520440,28479810,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Deus Solaris,"This game is a masterpiece, the best fighting game this year BY FAR, the music is absolutely amazing and the combat is fluid and has great tutorial, combo guides and even match up tips and tricks to get around some of the abilities you might find annoying, this is the best fighting game I've ever bought, maybe UMvC3 makes me change this statement but for now...yeah just so good I might even buy a fighting stick (but not really needed controller is fine). 10/10"
,Recommended,520440,28478235,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Zerofuse,"GUILTY GEAR Xrd -REVELATOR- is the follow up game from GUILTY GEAR Xrd -SIGN-, and just like SIGN, it's an amazing port. REVELATOR improves upon SIGN in all aspects, and gives the game the extra bit of polishing it needed.My one complaint about the game however is the lack of monitor resolutions to choose from. With only the options of 1280 x 720, 1366 x 768 and 1920 x 1080, it makes users such as myself with 1680 x 1050 monitors have to tweak some .ini settings, which is not THAT much of a hassle, however it would be nice to have the option in-game.Everything else about the game is near flawless. Story mode is great, figures are a blast to play around with, and the brand new lobbies makes the multiplayer experience even better than it already was.I highly recommend REVELATOR, it's one of the best fighting games out in the market, and if you like fighting games, you'll LOVE Guilty Gear."
,Recommended,520440,28588418,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Agni7atha,"Even after years it's still beautiful fighting game in the market and has better performance than previous entry -SIGN-. If the price are considered too expensive, get -SIGN- instead. Basically both are the same game, but everything is better in -REVELATOR- from bigger roster to interesting mode like fishing and figurine."
76561198037201990,Recommended,520440,28896480,Posted: 1 January,all,Black Wolf,"Have you ever thought ""This game is made for me""? Well I did, and it is this one. Best game I've ever played.Solid gameplay, great soundtrack, great visuals, great training mode.So I guess I like it, a lot."
,Recommended,520440,28916213,Posted: 1 January,all,Ignus,"Great Fighting game.Good mechanics and balance, great music and graphics (4K through ini edits for 16:9), nice characters variety.A really good amount of single player content if you don't want to play online.There are some complains about the pricing. It seems Arcsys reasoning didn't turn up so well: ""If we sold a one year old game at discount (GG Xrd Sign), we can sell a six month old game at twice the price"". Still, some of us are thankful to have the game this ""early"". Also consider this is the latest GG Xrd version, on par with consoles, something very rare for Arcsys.If you think the game is overpriced, just wait for a sale, the game is good.And lastly: no rootkits and no annoying way to unlock colors."
76561197986372200,Recommended,520440,31905266,Posted: 22 May,all,Sho-Nuff,S'good fightin'.
76561198017057760,Recommended,520440,31902565,Posted: 22 May,all,hotdogg89,"Fun to play, superb tutorial.........will take some time to master, but different difficulty settings available"
76561198020766718,Recommended,520440,32051146,Posted: 29 May,all,aCdhell,Hype!
,Recommended,520440,32090915,Posted: 31 May,all,Killnetic,"Preface: I've played well over a thousand hours of the GG series in VS mode.If you are new to GG but not new to fighting games then you should get this version ASAP. It is the absolute latest version of the GG series. The latest installment arc in the GG series is the Xrd versions.GG is a challenging and highly competitive fighting game series that is in most occasions overlooked by the average fighting game player and really should be the #1 game at tournaments. Maybe because Japan's top players destroy USA's players? IDKArt:They have the most gorgeous art style when compared to all the modern fighting games. It both pays homage to the original sprites, their keyframes, their color palettes while setting a new standard for the years to come.Gameplay & Modes:Local 1v1 is really where the spotlight shines for GG. They have -very good- Netplay and there is a VN aspect for solo experiences if that is your bag. Xbox/Microsoft joysticks are fully supported and a good idea to use if you want a complete arcade experience. Netplay may quickly introduce you to players that seem completely beyond your fathomable skill but rest assured there are time-tested communities dedicated to helping you learn GG! The pace and complexity of matches feel very well balanced and interesting compared to SF, MVC, BB (and many other less known fighting game titles).PC version:It is great! You will need a fairly recent mid-line video card to ensure 60FPS which is a must. For netplay, you will want to use a wired network cable to help maintain a stable connection since it is peer to peer and you are responsible for your connection quality."
76561198053160507,Recommended,520440,31780098,Posted: 15 May,all,Unrated,Really solid and polish game :) I recommend this game
,Recommended,520440,31928009,Posted: 23 May,all,OMGitsKonrad3,Let's rock!
,Recommended,520440,30975056,Posted: 6 April,all,...,GOOD!
,Recommended,520440,32151798,Posted: 3 June,all,muminboll,"Great game! Quite some bugs to get past to get everything working, but after some fiddling around I got everything going now! Pretty few people online which is a bit boring, but most of the time you can find people to play with in europe. Netcode seems ok, it slows down in a lot of matches, but it's fine!"
76561197997900920,Recommended,520440,33258209,Posted: 4 July,all,BraindeadUngaLeo,Best 2.5D fighter on the market.
,Recommended,520440,33243798,Posted: 4 July,all,Headless,Heavy Metal Anime 10/10 would rock again
,Recommended,520440,33258090,Posted: 4 July,all,Antbite,must play for fighting game fans
76561198027752654,Recommended,520440,33214121,Posted: 3 July,all,IAmNotTheEnemy,Yep
76561198102701566,Recommended,520440,33154731,Posted: 2 July,all,Unrevived,"This is my favorite 2D fighting game, i know i don't have alot of time in it but i feel like i'm ready for my review.Story: It is actually a anime movie in which they break down into chapters. I've only seen the first few, but as a fan of anime i must say they've kept me interested and i like the characters. And apparently the story is continued from previous games in the guilty gear series.Online: I've only had the chance to play with a friend of mine, but we literally sat and played through 48 matches straight. It got quite competative and it felt like we both had a fair chance in every match. I also love the lobbies i think that was a clever idea.Arcade: This has Episode which i havent played yet but supposed to contain your actual story matches i'm assuming similiar to other 2d fighting game standard arcade mode.Versus: Your standard free battle mode.M.O.M: I've literally barely delved into this mode but it looks like an rpg character building mode. Where you fight waves of foes and collect gear and treasure, in which you can use the year to make your guy stronger and make it through more waves later. I already started liking it but as i said barely played it.Dojo: This is the training mode which really made me comtorable with the combos not leaving me feeling stranded and confused like alot of other similiar fighting games.There's a few things in collection mode which i'll let you checkout yourself but I will say this game literally has tons of neat things available in collection mode to keep you busy for quite sometime.Also surprised to see that the game records every replay of every match you do, so you can go back at anytime an see exactly what your thumbsticks and buttons were doing through the entire match, so you can see exactly where your combos are lacking and what ones your opponent was doing.This is without a doubt a hidden gem in the fighting game world, I do plan on buying the rest of the games in the series to catchup on all the story. But from what i've played so far I would give this game a 9.2 out of 10."
,Recommended,520440,33210253,Posted: 3 July,all,Ian,delete Sin
,Recommended,520440,33298734,Posted: 5 July,all,Red,It's good.
76561198287361473,Recommended,520440,33299611,Posted: 5 July,all,Altomile21,"After so long,  I finally got the game, and it didn't disappoint all the way! There is a great tutorial that can learn the basics and some skills that are exclusive to this game, like dashing and even double jumping. Even if you are not a fan of anime overall, the unique cast of characters and their skills will not disappoint and are fairly balanced with each matchup. However, one setback is that the story mode is pretty much a set of cinematics with no gameplay. Even though it provides great worldbuilding around the Guilty Gear universe and character development with the cinematics, i feel there should some interaction in the form of occasional battles like the Mortal Kombat and Injustice series. Other than that, I highly recommend this game if  you are a fan of fighting games and looking for something new to try."
,Recommended,520440,30196147,Posted: 26 February,all,Liohn,"Excellent, deep, challenging gameplay. This is not a button masher and takes work to improve but it certainly is rewarding when you do step up a level or two. It is a must buy if you even sort of like fighting games."
76561198017954469,Recommended,520440,30368206,Posted: 6 March,all,Mantuorava,"Works like a charm on my system with a 750ti, now waiting for Rev 2"
76561198023004841,Recommended,520440,32813815,Posted: 26 June,all,Peis,"Online doesn't work for me, it's too uncompetitive as a singleplayer fighting game. If online would be fixed, this game would be in my top 10s.Edit: They fixed multiplayer, can finally access online. However, it's as dead as a cancer patient. If you want to play online, you have to get Rev 2"
,Recommended,520440,30028038,Posted: 18 February,all,EX D,good
,Recommended,520440,33499389,Posted: 13 July,all,Gnoodle Boi,fight money and eat steak to not get tired and throw coins at enemy sleeping boy... hmm ... very epic
76561198074870507,Recommended,520440,33579182,Posted: 16 July,all,Bone Apple Tea,This game taught me how I would get mad and destroy someone with a swift kick because I cant afford a house
,Recommended,520440,33797955,Posted: 25 July,all,c l e a n s e y o u r s e l f,It's good. Buy it. All of it.
,Recommended,520440,33859941,Posted: 28 July,all,Knishook,My friend doesn't like when I play Jack-O...
,Recommended,520440,33893284,Posted: 29 July,all,Krussy Magnet,The most fun I've had playing a game I know I'll never be good at
,Recommended,520440,33930769,Posted: 31 July,all,CHENG XIAO IS BEST GIRL,"I actually played a bit of GGXrd awhile back in REV Major 2017 (july 8-9). Got bodied hard, but still very happy. While obviously Tekken 7 has the main spotlight there, it didn't leave out the rest of the relevant fighting games. No regrets.Buy the REV 2 Update at all costs. It includes 2 free characters and refurbishes the whole game.The game pushes the 2.5 aspect of it by using really good camera angles whenever you land Dust hits or if you finish and enemy off with a special move/super combo. It also has one of the most forgiving tutorials ever, and like other previous reviewers have said, it doesn't shove the whole load in your mouth and leaves you to fend for yourself. There are numerous guides for all characters in every different combat situations, and every single character you play is unique, from movesets, to personality. I liked Leo best because of his stance mechanics and good gap closing. Baiken is also pretty great too, because of her Jubei palette, fast af moveset, and giant milk duds. I haven't really finished the story yet since MOM mode took most of my time, and playing with friends also did it, but yeah, overall a great fighting game, enough to rival the likes of Tekken 7, SFV, KOFXIV, and Smash.Faust's Kancho Kombo is the best one there is."
76561198006625205,Recommended,520440,33980025,Posted: 2 August,all,Canxerian,"A lot of effort has been put in to make this game as fun as possible for as many as possible.  Great tutorials (basics, special moves and combos for every character, and advanced mechanics/matchups for the deeper parts), lots of characters all well balanced and each with their own little episode, different game modes and difficulties, and lots of stuff to collect.The long (non-interactive) story mode is entertaining once it gets going too (watching the SIGN story first helps), I'd now buy any follow-up game just because of it (it is sub-titled rather than dubbed for English, but I found the pacing was always comfortable for keeping up).I don't know if it is a translation thing but I think the character naming session was amusingly brief:Q:  What do we call our edgy main character to show he is an anti-hero and a badass?A: BadguyQ: What do we call our villain who sleeps and even fights in a bed constantly?A: Bed ManQ: What do we call the other man always shrouded in mystery?A:  That ManNailed it."
,Recommended,520440,34055895,Posted: 6 August,all,BananaPancake,"The best 2D anime fighter right now. Ton of content with trials, missions, story mode (haven't done it) best tutorials in any FG, creative lobbies, good netcode, deep gameplay that rewards reads and execution, soundtrack is just godlike. Beautiful cell shading 3d models that look like 2D sprites.If you like it or not will depend of your taste, but this game is undeniably great."
,Recommended,520440,34073808,Posted: 6 August,all,WarmSmells,Neat
,Recommended,520440,34092469,Posted: 7 August,all,Shy,It's good game.
,Recommended,520440,34149160,Posted: 10 August,all,KraQ,MISTO FINNAH!
,Recommended,520440,34249881,Posted: 14 August,all,GALACTIC QUEEN,I only main Jam because I wish I can afford to play Tekken. Good game tho.
,Recommended,520440,31961492,Posted: 25 May,all,MrGangrene,Since at least once a week someone asks which version to buy let me just answer you here.If you want to play online you'll have to buy Rev 2.I'm not sure why they decided to release it like this because it's super confusing but basically Revelator is the first version and Revelator 2 is the updated version (think of it like an expantion)No one is currently playing Revelator 1 on-line just like no one is playing Sign online right now.Revelator 2 is the most current version and that is the version everyone is playing!
,Recommended,520440,34736672,Posted: 4 September,all,Yggdrasil,I broke my ♥♥♥♥ing monitor. Would play again.
,Recommended,520440,35076739,Posted: 19 September,all,PYRATE,Best fighting game. Go and play it.
76561198047738726,Recommended,520440,35049005,Posted: 18 September,all,potatogene,Best game ever made.
,Recommended,520440,34413077,Posted: 22 August,all,BarotoIND,problem fix. GOOD GAME. Can search any lobby now.
76561198040569720,Not Recommended,520440,30476100,Posted: 12 March,all,PhantasosK,"Great game but terrible online experience. Multiplayer is pretty much dead, and there is massive delay when you actually manage to get into a fight. Connection filters don't actually work too. Unfortunately, I'll have to refund this game."
,Recommended,520440,35485266,Posted: 4 October,all,BFGesus,This game is badass.
,Recommended,520440,35486945,Posted: 4 October,all,HELLifornian,p. fun hope the online aint dead in 5mo
