user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,520720,32556632,Posted: 18 June,all,alphyna,"Dear Estheris one of my favourite games of all time. The reasons for that are twofold, but they both start with 'B': it's because this game is bothboldandbeautiful. How so? Let's find out!BOLDNESSOver the years, there's been many a game creator whose only real desire was to tell a story—and nothing more. With truly Procrustean enthusiasm they shoehorned their ideas into various genres, be it FPSs, stealth games, adventures, or RPGs. These alliances weren't necessarily bad, of course; but adding elements to the game simply because it's traditional and you feel like you must is bad design, even if this element is challenge.Just think about how simple it would have been to throw a puzzle or two intoEsther—and avoid all the vitriolic comments calling it a non-game.But it didn't.Dear Estheris precisely what it wants to be: an almost non-interactive audiovisual experience aimed at movie geeks or exhibition visitors rather than typical gamers. It was the first game of this type that boldly announced that it's okay to have no puzzles or challenge. Come to think of it, there are an awful lot of ""real"" adventure games that pose no challenge either and can be solved through sheer trial and error or are deliberately simple. Yet dropping the pretence of having a challenge was shocking to many people—possibly because they were used to being concentrated and alert when playing a game and didn't know where to redirect their focus when told that there absolutely, positively,definitelywas no reason to expect any kind of challenge.Which is, of course, the point: you're supposed to focus on the artistic side of things. AndDear Estheris not a mindless meditative experience either: it does require some brain-racking.You'll have to concentrate on figuring out the story, delivered in a feverish and hard-to-parse way.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=950208986BEAUTYThe visuals and the music ofDear Estherare almost universaly praised: the stark Scottish island and the melancholy tunes have impressed many players. It's the dialogue and the story that have people divided. Some call the dialogue poetic; others, overwritten. To some, the story is appropriately fractured; to others, it's incoherent.The game was devised as a narrative experiment: while some bits of dialogue are fixed, many are randomised and mutually exclusive—meaning each playthrough ends up having its own unique story. (This is supported by some assets also being randomised.) So instead of a plain narrativeDear Estheropts for a much more poetic structure, with verbal imagery interconnecting the broken pieces of dialogue.It is indeed structured like a poem. For example, it's hard to say where the number twenty one, that much of the dialogue revolves around, comes from; is it Esther's age? Indeed the number of circuits in car brakes? The length of the road they still had left ahead of them?The thing is, it doesn't matter all that much. What matters is that when the narrator begins seeing the number everywhere, it comes across as true obsession—and the obscurity of the object the narrator obsesses over only makes it more poignant.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=950210292Creating an open-ended story is a treacherous goal, of course. I thinkDear Estherworks so well because, while it goes into pure ravings sometimes, the imagery of the game, both visual and verbal, is so grounded in reality. The island it takes place upon is real, the bits of its history are either real or very plain and realistic. It's so mundane and detailed, with only sprinkles of magic realism, that it actally honestly allows for the ambiguity regarding whether the journey is real or metaphorical (usually, when such ambiguity is claimed, you just know it's all a ham-fisted metaphor).And if you take the island as a metaphor, the whole thing becomes arguably even more compelling, with the metaphor (the island and what we see in the game) being logical, simple, and mundane and the reality behind it (that we glean through the narration) feeling broken, insane, and sometimes even self-contradictory.This is a far cry from many other walking simulators that bathe us in superfluous metaphoric surrealism that sometimes only highlights how mundane the story is (yeah, someone probably died, possibly you).http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=950211681In the directors' commentary Dan Pinchback notes that while games venture into audiovisual poetry more boldly these days, for some reason the actual texts they offer are rarely structured as such. It's actually not that simple to even remember a game that would feature poetry—not the rhyming kind, I mean, but the kind that relies on rhythm and strong imagery rather than functionality in delivering explainations or instructions to the player.Dear Estheroffers just that: poetry.It's a game that pioneered many things and remains unsurpassed in some areas. Whether you like it or not, it's pivotal to the modern gaming scene. Iclickwith its style, presentation, imagery, and mood to an almost obscene degree.But even if you dont—even if you don't like it at all—I think it's hard not to agree thatDear Estheris a game that deserves an awful lot of respect."
,Recommended,520720,31959077,Posted: 25 May,all,JacquesLeSauve,"I think it's safe to say that Dear Esther is a divisive game. Its reputation generally tends to precede it, and while some revel in its slow pacing, short play-time and disjointed narrative, others despise everything about it and all that it represents. But after several hours in its company (both here and in its originally release) I can easily say I fall comfortably into the former camp of admirers and enthusiasts.My very first review on Steam was written over three years ago for the initial retail version of the game, and was actually what inspired me to start writing in the first place as I was so moved and compelled to share my thoughts on it. So it seemed only fitting that, for my one-hundredth review, I should come back full circle and revisit my old friend in the form of its upgraded re-release. Thankfully, time hasn't dulled its impact or significance, and I still love this game now as much as the day I first played it, possibly even more so, in fact.Back then I described Dear Esther as a form of interactive art, like a painting you are able to step into and explore rather than merely admire from one set perspective, and I still stand by that now. For the two hours or so it'll take for you to see the end credits, your whole experience will consist solely of walking around and observing your surroundings while accompanied by a mesmerising soundtrack and occasional doses of ponderous dialogue. There's nothing to collect, hit or jump over, nothing to interact with or even any real obstacles to overcome or fail state to end the game or undo your progress. It's a true walking simulator, and everything that term now encompasses (thanks largely to this game in the first place). It's bleak, it's trudging, it's confusing and highfalutin, but it's also entirely knowing in those facts and absolutely intentional.There have been various graphical and technical improvements made to the game, but to be completely honest, I can't say I noticed them. But then again, I'm really not the person to ask about such things. Instead, the addition I really got the most out of here was the developers' commentary. In fact, I'd go so far as to say I genuinely believe this is a must-listen for anyone who wishes to have any kind of truly meaningful understanding of the game. It's hugely revealing and insightful, and helped me discover all kinds of hidden depths that had previously been lost on me.I learned things like, as well as dialogue being partially random, so too are some of the items strewn around the island you explore, potentially giving each player a very different view on their journey; or how the timing of musical notes in one section contains a secret message in the form of Morse code; or the symbolism that surrounds you everywhere, even in the very shapes of the landscape around you. Though, the biggest surprise was probably learning that there actually is no set, definitive story, but rather there are fragments of information imparted to the player for them to then construct their own narrative and draw their own conclusions. There really is so much more going on than I ever gave it credit for, and I'd urge every player to revisit the game with the commentary active just to see all these things for themselves and gain their own newfound appreciation for the creative processes that went into realising this.As I said, this game is divisive. I already know that simply calling it a game is enough to rile some feathers. But I honestly don't know why people take umbrage with its mere existence or what difference a label on something makes to the actual content of an experience. Is anyone really going to sleep any better at night if the status of game is taken away from every title that falls under the genre of walking simulator, or if other people are enjoying these games even if they're not? Another thing I learned from the commentary was the intent behind this slow-paced approach. They considered a faster pace but settled on a brisk walk, and ultimately decided they wanted to give the player ""space to dream"", moments of quiet to allow the player to ruminate on everything they were seeing and hearing, having faith in them to allow for moments of consideration and draw their own conclusions. Maybe it's just me, but I think it's a really brave move to trust an audience to think for themselves and discover how they feel about something under their own influence, rather thantellingthem what they should think or feel.And this is what I feel is Dear Esther's greatest triumph - to have such courage and try to do so many things differently; to be deliberately restrained and oblique and not give a clear story, but still trust us to find something just as meaningful and impactful all the same... to actually respect us and our ability to think for ourselves."
76561197965450629,Recommended,520720,30492030,Posted: 13 March,all,SileNce,"The notion whether Dear Esther is a game or not has been under debate since its release. Many people see this game as just a walking simulator without any gameplay, however, having played through it myself, it doesn't appear to be the case. This game like many others, tells a story, however where it differs is that while the majority of other games tell the story through some form of gameplay, Dear Esther tells it through exploration. As you explore the beautifully designed environments, progressing through the game, you build the story from the narrative, where the environment is used to reinforce those ideas.I have has my hands on the original Dear Esther for years, where it had stayed on the tail-end of my backlog of games. Seeing the Dear Esther: Landmark Edition pop-up in my library piqued my interest. I had no idea what the game was about before I played it, the only thing that I heard was that it was short. So one evening, I decided to sit down and play though it one sitting. A certainly wasn't disappointed. Although this is a short game, it definitely tells a powerful story. Playing through a second time to listen to the director's commentary was also thoroughly enjoyable, and it was very interesting to hear how the game was designed to reinforce the story.Pros:+ Unique story-telling+ Every person will have a different experience+ Beautiful environments+ Interesting Director's commentaryCons:- With no directly laid out path, some story elements might be skipped- Replayability- Some people might not get itMy Score: 8/10"
,Recommended,520720,29950599,Posted: 15 February,all,perun.prime,"Yes it's remaster of the remaster of mod and this is good.In Dear Esther: Landmark Edition we have slightly beter graphics, commentary from developers and achivements.In all other ways it's Dear Esther from 2012.It's not a game in familiar way, it's a philosophical poetry.And just want to say:Thank you, guys and girls from The Chinese Room, for remaster of this masterpiece of art.I would also like to say Thanks to Jessica Curry. Your music in this project are amazing.It will be a great pleasure to feel it again."
76561197970487219,Recommended,520720,29928093,Posted: 14 February,all,AWPC,"Fantastic upgrade to the original source engine classic.Now its been ported to Unity 5 the game looks similar but also much better graphically. Lots of ultra sharp textures, modern lighting FX, foliage physics, modern water FX. Overall it looks superb.Sound is also upgraded. Lots of new samples or enhancements to the existing sound design along with the classic music & voiceover which both sound a little clearer than before.Runs very smoothly for me @ 4K with a GTX 1080 its ultra smooth using the latest Nvidia 378.66 WHQL.Thanks to everyone @ The Chinese Room who made this possible on PC as a free upgrade if you own th superb original! I will still buy a few copies for friends & family as Steam gifts though this upgraded edition deserves the support!!"
,Recommended,520720,32279576,Posted: 8 June,all,AbedsBrother,"I received this product as a free upgrade for owning the original Dear Esther.One of the classic ""walking simulators,"" and one of the first, Dear Esther retains its wind-swept, desolate fascination in the Landmark Edition remastering. If you were a fan of the original or enjoy vague, fragmented story-telling, Dear Esther is still one of the best of its genre. The soundtrack (now recorded with real instruments) is superb, and the story bits change from playthrough to playthrough; the plot will remain similar, but who exactly is speaking is never clearly established. The graphics still look impressive, too. Worth a purchase at the asking price if you're a fan of the genre.That said, there are some issues:- Broken V-sync. It will not work, not through the game's settings, or through my graphics card driver settings (hello, screen-tearing!). In the original game, there was a Triple Buffering option in the settings that fixed the issue; the Triple Buffering option has been removed from the Landmark Edition.- The soundtrack has some amazing moments, but is poorly balanced at times (especially in the beginning of Chapter 4). The mid-range and upper frequencies are generally over-saturated, creating a shrill, brittle audio ambiance that wasn't present in the original version of the game.- Not all voice-over triggers as it is supposed to. I've played the Dear Esther several times, I knew there was a voice-over before the ending cave in Chapter 2, but it took 4 playthroughs of the chapter before it triggered."
,Recommended,520720,30314286,Posted: 4 March,all,Nuuskiss,"Dear Esther: Landmark Editon is a newly born Dear Esther, which years ago shaked the boundaries of gaming by giving the undivided attention for exploring and by forgetting the normally standard interaction. Later these same steps have been followd by numerous titles like Gone Home and Oracle.While the Landmark Edition might not offer any large changes for the main game - it still succeeded to allure me to listen the stories of Esther, Jacob, Donneley and Paul once again. Both narration and visuals have been improved and especially third chapters underground caves are breathtakingly beautiful."
76561198026662084,Not Recommended,520720,34193655,Posted: 12 August,all,InDIGnation,"(This following is copy-pasted from my original Dear Esther review. The Landmark Edition contains a few improvements to the visuals and a developer commentary, but my opinion of the game is more or less identical to before. If you do plan on buying Dear Esther, then the Landmark Edition is the version to get.)Dear Esther is beautifully designed, hauntingly atmospheric and splendidly narrated. It also has a couple of very big problems...<Contains minor spoilers>The Old Argument...but funnily enough, the question of whether or not Dear Esther is a game isn't one that bothers me. Gaming is still a relatively young medium, and writing off a game just because it doesn't meet the traditional definition can only stifle innovation and discourage others from experimenting. Ultimately, I'm more interested in the question: did Dear Esther succeed in what it set out to do? Well, allow me to elaborate on what I think.HebridesDear Esther is a so-called ""walking simulator"" (i.e. has very little gameplay besides walking and looking) set on a bleak Hebridian island. This island is perhaps the most compelling character in the entire story: it is nothing short of breathtaking. I regularly visit these islands in real life, and Dear Esther succeeds magnificently in capturing their bleak magnificence. Coastal winds whistle through rusted chain-link fences, smoky clouds hug towering cliffs, bothies speckle the terrain and rocky bays with rotten wooden structures dominate the landscape. Both the visual (spinning 2D plants aside) and the sound design are spot-on in establishing the atmosphere, which in turn is helped by the superb soundtrack. There were some moments that left me literally stunned at what I was witnessing on my screen, that's a rare achievement for any video game.Anywho, you play as a nameless, voiceless, faceless protagonist shipwrecked on a harsh Scottish island, who must make their way towards the radio tower on the horizon. It's not really clear what you intend to do once you get there, but never mind. Interaction is limited to walking around the island and sometimes poking your head into forlorn buildings, only to find them empty and long-abandoned. The lion's share of the game is spent listening to a well-spoken narrator reading a series of letters written to the eponymous Esther. The narrator himself is another highlight of the game; speaking in a deliberately monotone voice to start with, but rising to passionate speeches as you approach the game's climax.So I like everything so far, and I don't mind the bare-bones gameplay, so why a No?CruxBecause of the limited interactivity, the narration pretty much forms the crux of the entire experience. Sadly, I found the quality of the writing in Dear Esther to be wanting.If ever there was a walking definition of purple prose, this would be it. Although it contains a handful of reasonably well-written lines, the core parts of the narrative are so cluttered with flowery dialogue that it repeatedly draws attention to itself with how ridiculous it sounds. I admit to not being the smartest when it comes to analyzing good writing, but I can usually get invested in a well-told story even if I don't fully understand everything behind it. But Dear Esther is so full of itself and so utterly pretentious that I found myself getting frustrated rather than intrigued by the story. Here are a couple excerpts from the game:""An imagined answerphone message. The tires are flat, the wheel spins loosely, and the brake fluid has run like ink over this map, staining the landmarks and rendering the coastline mute, compromised. Where you saw galaxies, I only saw bruises, cut into the cliff by my lack of sobriety.""""I had kidney stones, and you visited me in the hospital. After the operation, when I was still half submerged in anesthetic, your outline and your speech both blurred. Now my stones have grown into an island and made their escape and you have been rendered opaque by the car of a drunk.""Perhaps my experience with human beings is limited, but this sounds like it was written by a teenager in English class trying to sound far cleverer than he actually is (this I can speak from experience though, because it sounds like one of my old essays). This is the only story I've experienced that somehow manages to be both frustratingly vague and tiresomely heavy-handed at the same time. Not sure how they did that, but that's the thought that kept crossing my mind as I listened to it.AmputationThen we come to the second problem: the player. The fact that Dear Esther may not be a 'real' game isn't what bothers me. What does bother me is that the player is completely amputated from the story being told. We're not here to partake in a moving tale of human loss, instead we're merely treated as a vehicle for the narrator to force flowery nonsense down our throats without getting to experience or even influence any of it. In fact, we're almost a hindrance to the game for our mere presence. This makes me wonder why Dear Esther is even a game in the first place, especially since it wrestles control from you during the ending (the only time something of note actually happens). The only benefit from it being a game is that I get to hold down W for 90 minutes, so it's essentially like watching a film on a DVD player with a broken pause button. On top of that, the walking speed is painfully slow:""People need to be more patient and take their time with soaking in the atmosphere""This is what admirers of the game often tell me when I bring this up. Fair enough, I like immersing myself in a slow-burner, if anything I prefer a slower-paced story. But more often than not you'll wander down rather lengthy corridors, find nothing of interest, not even a bit of narration, and then have to slowly plod all the way back again. At this point, all the carefully planned pacing in the game comes to a crashing halt. Then there are other times when you have to traverse fairly featureless expanses all the while sliding along at the speed of a Peugeot driver on the Edinburgh bypass. This is not good pacing, this is just time wasting.Final...Some might say that I've simply missed the point of the game, and that I'm too thick or impatient to fully appreciate Dear Esther's strengths. In all honestly, there's a good chance that you're correct in saying that. However, this game did not engage me on any level. I never felt invested in any of the character shells we're given a vague description of, and its eagerness to be intellectual and thought-provoking just came across as pretentious and condescending. I can give it credit for trying, but not for failing in its primary purpose. For that reason, I cannot recommend Dear Esther as a video game.(But I do recommend buying the soundtrack. Seriously, go get it, it really is that good)For a less truncated review, see my blog piece below:http://indignationgaming.blogspot.co.uk/2017/04/thoughts-on-dear-esther_42.html"
,Recommended,520720,29964561,Posted: 16 February,all,`ƁĪƓƓǛǸŜ57＇,Not for everyone as this was one of the first FP walking simulators to come to gaming with nothing more then a visual experience and short story.So short if you just run though it and follow the beatin path can take 40-60 min.Has been remastered since 2012 when I first played it to look even more stunning.But still even if you try to explore there are really only so many places you will be allowed to go.If you have the original its worth replaying if not the asking price might seem to much.Now with achievements that alone might entice you to buy or replay it . The game does however have the king of all gaming caves in visual content .
,Not Recommended,520720,30118490,Posted: 23 February,all,amok,"Dear Esther. I have burned the cliffs of Damascus. I have drunk deep of it.I did not recommend the original game in my 2014 review, and I do not recommend Landmark Edition because it's basically identical. However, I can say that lines like the above have stuck with me for several years. There's no doubt this game contains some deep and poetic writing, some brilliant voice acting, nice visuals, atmosphere and musical cues.I think the story is worth telling, and I love the concept of wandering an island while this tower looms in the background, luring you to your destiny. But for the most part, I was bored. There just wasn't enough in this package or the way it was presented for me to find it appealing enough to genuinely recommend to others. There could have been more ambient sounds for a stronger atmosphere, there could have been optional documents or artifacts to pick up and examine in detail. The visuals as I said are ""nice"", but nothing blew me away. A game as slow and non-interactive as this needs visuals which blow you away.The developer commentary says the game is ""made in an impressionist style"" and that ""the scenery is too grand to actually exist"". I didn't get a sense of these at all. I think I've seen too many games which accidentally look like this while trying to look realistic for it to occur to me Dear Esther's art is stylised. I think the artist was being too subtle if he was going for impressionism or surrealism, and something grander would have wowed me.Landmark Edition is an excellent port of Dear Esther from the Source engine to Unity. It looks better technically, and the developer commentary offers some interesting insights. But the commentary is quite a slow ordeal as the markers are too close together (or the commentary wasn't planned or edited down enough) to prevent them overlapping. So I found myself running in circles waiting for each commentary track to finish until I became dizzy.I would recommend only if you're an aspiring writer or game designer."
,Recommended,520720,30617307,Posted: 19 March,all,CorvusCorax,"Looking back at my review written about the first edition of this game makes me perplexed. Perplexed as to how unappreciative I was regarding the game and, naturally, its genre. This was back in 2014 and playing a walking sim at that time was a lot different.You investigate an island in this game where our protagonist can only walk. The creators deliberately removed the option of running - I remember this being one of the major issues reported by players especially regarding their later product (Everybody's Gone to the Rapture). This is, however, not an actual problem as only by walking can you appreciate the surrounding area and notice how varied the game's soundtrack is.This so-called landmark edition includes achievements and a developer's commentary option that is similar to the one we've already seen in Half Life 2. Text bubbles can be interacted with so that the creators can not only tell us the background of the making of the game but also what their opinion is about a particular area. It is my understanding that this is a redone version of the original edition - regardless, this is just as good looking and while it is not on par with the current generation of AAA games Dear Esther is still a visually stunning video game.It lets you ponder at the end only for you to start your journey of walking once more and, eventually, meditate further on the events that transpire. The real question is: What exactly did transpire? I think this game is on par with the Vanishing of Ethan Carter and Leviathan and is a must when it comes to the world of walking sims."
,Recommended,520720,34865802,Posted: 10 September,all,Artorias,"This will never appeal to the ""gamers"" as it is simply a short story with a nice visual wrapper. Very short, but interesting nonetheless. Very well made and worth playing if you're interested in trying something different to ""shoot the bad man 14""."
,Recommended,520720,30308175,Posted: 3 March,all,.Frost.,"This is more than a game, it is a beautiful art work, accompanied by some brilliant narrative telling. It is a slow driven, atmospheric walking simulator, telling a story of the Narrator of the Island. What is this place? Why did he come here? Will he ever leave? Some very thought provoking idealisms are portrayed in this work and it certainly has a bold ending that will stick with you for a long time.Sadly it is short lived, but  that can be a plus, as the walking is quite slow. The achievements are all easy to get and two of them,  you just need to replay the game with and without Developer Commentary turned on. So play it twice and get 100% achieves, pretty easy.Overall I feel this is a unique experience but one that is too short to be worth $9.99USD. I would wait on a 50% sale.3 out of 5 Beers from me.Cheers,Frost"
,Recommended,520720,30073557,Posted: 20 February,all,Sionfel,"Dear Esther. I have now walked the stretch of the island between the lighthouse and the aerial over twenty-one times, but although I have all the reports and all the witnesses and have cross-referenced them within a millimetre using my ordnance survey maps, I still find new things each and every playthrough.I was an active member of Moddb back in 2008 when a strange and experimental mod called Dear Esther released for the first time. For '08 Source modding, it was game changing. Then in 2011 they announced they were going indie and released a stunning Source game in 2012. Now, in 2017, here I am walking these familiar cliff faces once more.This game is hands-down one of the most emotional, engrossing journeys I have ever gone on. Thank you chineseroom for letting me explore the island with the narrator once more."
,Recommended,520720,30252123,Posted: 28 February,all,Vintage Twilight,"It’s got me…  the island…""come back""it whispers…And I do… again and again…"
,Recommended,520720,29993024,Posted: 17 February,all,rad87gn,"They just released the Landmark Edition using the Unity engine.  It includes updated sound (works better with surround sound now), optional commentary from the dev team which was interesting, and achievements.If you own Dear Esther already it's a free upgrade that is now included in your games directory for download if you haven't seen it yet.Enjoy! :)"
,Recommended,520720,31152252,Posted: 15 April,all,Mrkvus,"I got Dear Esther: Landmark Edition for free, for owning the previous version.This video game, if you could even call it that, is mainly about you imagination. I would compare it to a walk through an art gallery – painting all around you, but it is up to you how long will you stare at them and what will they remind or evoke to you. I played through the game four times now, and there is still something new to explore thanks to some of the props being randomised.I don’t usually play and like the director's commentary, but in this case it gave me a more appreciative look at the game and explained the intention of the developers.If you like slow walks, thinking and mystery try this game."
,Recommended,520720,33010182,Posted: 29 June,all,BambooKaiju,"Some would argue that Dear Esther isn't even a game. ""Walking Simulator"" or not, it's a short, beautiful, and thoughtful piece of interactive story telling."
76561198107564320,Recommended,520720,31296332,Posted: 22 April,all,elizabethveldon,"After years of avoiding games (I had been a keen gamer in my youth) due to the increasing reliance on violent mainstream titles this was one of the two titles I came to steam to try (the other was ‘Thomas Was Alone.) For this reason it holds a special place in my heart.Dear Esther is a profoundly moving, profoundly troubling game with randomised elements that change the story subtly each time you play.This 'landmark edition' improves the graphics of the game considerably and adds an informative commentary from the game makers and the composer who produced the iconic music for this title. If you're looking to try the game or replay it then this is the version to go for.I would also like to thank the game developers for offering this update free to those who had already purchased the game.I cannot recommend this game highly enough."
,Recommended,520720,33503303,Posted: 13 July,all,bob loblaw,"The original walking simulator, now with achievements!There isn't anything not to like about this game. Beautiful graphics, some poetry, a bit of mystery, and a lot of walking."
,Recommended,520720,31265499,Posted: 20 April,all,Racookitty2 [PieNinjaPR],"I haven't played this game in years. Suddenly a ""Landmark"" edition appears in my library.And then I, for some odd reason, simply dissmissed it.BUT, I saw it again and decided to try it.I knew there was a developer commentary so I decided to try it. I wanted to hear them speak about the games development and the thought process behind it, as I am hoping to develop games myself.I liked it. I liked to hear them speak, and I liked to walk around the island nostalgically.There is not much else different, the graphics honestly seem the same to me and if they are different I couldn't tell. But yeah, give it a shot."
76561198131510263,Recommended,520720,32005465,Posted: 27 May,all,cuorips,"I loved it, as I am a fan of lonely places. Myst series and Obduction are my favorites. So I felt at home walking alone in strange places. I like creepy anyway....I like the sound of the wind. It was fun, not frustrating... I like underwater swimming. I like algaes. It went fast, I have to replay it."
,Recommended,520720,32783388,Posted: 25 June,all,OBookman,Amazing little walking simulator that helps you get relaxed and feel all mellow.
76561197970417213,Recommended,520720,30227320,Posted: 27 February,all,Bendz,"This is a difficult game to review. The experience of playing it felt deeply personal and it is one of the few games that I have played that left me thinking about it and it's themes for some time after. Few games have made me feel as isolated as this one, though that feeling became less as the game progressed. I don't want to say too much about that as I think that it is integral to the overall experience.Visually the game is attractive but it is perhaps the beautiful and haunting soundtrack that will draw you into the story and the atmosphere of the environment. A truly moving experience."
,Recommended,520720,30270227,Posted: 1 March,all,Harix,"One hour exploring an island.A lighthouse, a buoy, a beacon, the caves.Four urns, five thousands steps.A life changing experience, a masterpiece of storytelling."
,Recommended,520720,29987177,Posted: 17 February,all,SpyroGuy,"Such a beautiful game, now and forever, Dear Esther.This time with achievement support, slightly upgraded visuals and an additional mode containing the thoughts of the people behind the music, the landscape, the wind, the calmly flowing rivers within the caves and the monologues which is something that I always wanted to hear in the first place, so double win for me.Having purchased this game's first commercial release years ago I've got this one for free, so let's make that a triple win, shall we?""Come back"" - the Narrator called out to me and so I came....back....I came back I mean.(silently drowns himself)"
,Recommended,520720,32904486,Posted: 27 June,all,~JSU76~,"Sit back, relax and take a couple hours to play this game.  Incredible, elegant art direction and style.  Source engine has never looked so good."
,Recommended,520720,31257475,Posted: 20 April,all,Sunshine,Only complaint is that it was too short.
76561198006849221,Recommended,520720,33440794,Posted: 10 July,all,rjazz2,"Elegant, beautiful, cold, obscure. Not a lot of games like this when this first came out. It's definitely not for everybody but I like the melancholy ambiguity of it and that ending is pure poetry."
,Recommended,520720,30470114,Posted: 12 March,all,aps6686,"Largely the same game as the original, ported to the Unity engine (over Source) which produces a nice graphical upgrade along with a few extra features like remastered audio and director's commentary. A nice touch for The Chinese Room to do this five years down the road, and for free for existing owners of the game."
76561198062713712,Recommended,520720,34330276,Posted: 18 August,all,sreamer17ydr,"I had the original Dear Esther and loved it so much, and now this remake is even better! Not only do you get the amazing attention to detail in this game visually, the audio has been remastered and sounds amazing! This remake offers so much more than the original did, and let me tell you that is hard to say, because i burned the original's soundtrack to CD and play it in my car.What you get with this remake is a fantastic audio remaster that sounds amazing and the little audio cues like wind and other noises can be listened to that was not in the original. They really wanted to make sure this remake added and improved on the original and it sure did!The amazing narrator tells you little bits of story throughout the game. You explore 4 'levels' or locations. You don't interact with any characters or objects, but as you explore the island, you 'see' things and hear things that intrique you to explore further. Every playthrough is different, you get to hear different story bits and audio cues.There are acheivements and things to find like the Urns placed and hidden throughout each level, one per level. I play this game and turn the audio up and embrace for a great exp.This game is well worth the purchase!"
76561197985985740,Recommended,520720,31447994,Posted: 29 April,all,Harmless,"Very nice experience. Not so much a game as an interactive movie. By exploring the environment you get to unravel what's going on with the protagonists past, present and future. Although the genre of ""walking simulator"" is an acquired taste, Dear Esther is one of the best. One caveat: the game is rather short, but then again, it is ample enough to tell the engaging story."
,Recommended,520720,30615149,Posted: 19 March,all,neolak168,"I'm listenning game's soundtrack while writing this,if you're into games that has action in it,stop reading and look for another game.Is this game a walking simulator?Well,you walk,for sure...But in a surreal world.It's a story driven game(and by story driven i don't mean there is a guy telling you the story)But,there is a guy telling you what happened,what might happen,and you figure out the story yourself(or even create yourself one)There are some materials in the game which is there just for the player,not for the map,not for the story,but for the player.If you want me to talk about the visuals,you can get so many wallpapers from this game.Because the artist made the materials fit perfectly and you can see it almost in every part of the game.For some people it can be replayable or maybe you just like hearing a voice telling you something while there is an epic piece of art playing in the background and you are looking to a moon from a mountain.And if you played the game at least once,i strongly recommend you to listen to the director's commentary."
76561198007046580,Recommended,520720,33656739,Posted: 19 July,all,TeutonicTexan,"Dear Esther had an impact on me, and I found myself ruminating on it a long time after I had completed it.First off, I should state, that Dear Esther is more of anexperiencethan a traditional game.  The only action you can take as the player is to walk and zoom in.  There is nothing to interact with, nothing to fight, and nothing to do except to explore.  If this doesn't appeal to you, then you won't enjoy Dear Esther.However, the experience of Dear Esther is a powerful one.  The island is gorgeous, particularly when you visit the island's cave system.  The story is told through voiceover narration, assumedly from your character.  The voiceovers take the form of short little snippets (sometimes, in a way that seems overly grandiloquent) from letters the narrator has written to Esther.  These snippets are, overall, very interesting, and feed into the mysterious feel of the game.  Something has happened on this island and to the narrator, and it becomes a intriguing little diversion as you explore the island to try and peice together the puzzle of the events.  However, while you can a get a broad picture of what happened, many details are obscured or contradicted as the narrator reads these snippets - and you eventually discover that the narrator is likely unreliable.It should be noted, that if you play through the game again (I have not done this), that you get randomized snippets, which may reveal more of the mystery of what has happened.  However, I am not compelled to do this.  Dear Esther, while having a real impact on me, is not something I will likely play again.  This should not be considered a mark against the game - I just know that the impact of the experience will be much less than the first time around.Dear Esther is a short game, I took my time exploring the island and I spent almost 2 hours with it.  During this 2 hours, I thoroughly experienced Dear Esther - I triggered all the voiceovers (seemingly triggered by reaching certain points of the island), I found all the collectibles, and I explored every interesting nook and cranny of the island.  If the value proposition of a game is important to you, this will likely feed into your decision to buy it.  I bought the original game on sale for a few bucks, and recieved the Landmark edition free when it was released.  If the value proposition is important to you, but you still think you would enjoy experiencing Dear Esther, I would recommend waiting for it to go on sale.Summary: Dear Esther is a game that will appeal to a certain type of person.  If you enjoy reading and do not necessarily need your video games to be action packed, you will probably enjoy this game.  It should also be noted, that while Dear Esther is, of course, a video game, I think it could easily also be classified as aninteractive experience.  For my part, over the 2 hours I spent exploring Dear Esther, I felt intrigued, mesmerized, relaxed, and a little depressed.  I can heartily recommend Dear Esther to a certain type of gamer (on sale, for the budget conscious gamer).  While short, it will leave a mark on you, and you will be thinking about it a long time after you finish."
76561197974672672,Recommended,520720,30565665,Posted: 17 March,all,BondageFreak,"Dear Esther is far removed from what the standard 'gamer' would understand as a game. This isn't a first person shooter, action adventure or any other simple genre. This game is better understood as an interactive story with elements of game play. Having removed all but the movement and sight controls, Dear Esther removes the aspect of the 'interaction hunt' that many modern games use. Dear Esther has areas with featured dialog that a player can visit, so that allows you to focus on exploration. Players are invited to explore beautifully detailed hills,caves, beaches and open grass lands. The sound design helps reinforce what the player is seeing, for example, the cave environments feature soft dripping sounds and running water in the distance. Grasslands and hills have a sparse, windblown feel and sound. Dear Esther's main draw is the spoken narrative, softly spoken lines from a dairy of a forlorn lover. While piecing together the story and diaries from the narrator,  delivered through wonderful voice over work, the player has to interpret what is happening around them on the seemingly deserted island.During your play through, you wont be directed through the landscape with glowing arrows or objective markers as we are now so used to seeing. Your direction is earned from listening to the narration and the masterful level design. Soft lights, like that of a candle or the large pulsing light a top an aerial sitting on a mountain, offer distant markers for exploration. Water will also, at times, help guide you when you feel lost with its flow having opened paths and small accesses. Open landscapes often drive the player forward with the use of points of interest in the distance. The narration will also offer insight as to where you might want to explore.To explore the mind of someone else, and to experience their life, is a hard thing to master when it comes to video games. However, the makers of Dear Esther have accomplished this, as you are invited into the dairies of a man that has lost a loved one. You experience how this loss has affected him, you will question whether this lose has effected his mind as you see ghostly figures and shapes hiding around the island. Hallucinations of the event that has lead the narrator to his island will haunt you as you explore the landscape. You are left to make sense of the story as you explore the mysterious island and venture deeper into the narrators dairies. All over the island, you will find items scattered in almost ritualistic graves or shrines. For an added experience, each item will change depending on the play through. What I saw and took away from what was shown to me may be different for you. This doesn't completely change the story, but offers different insights into what has happened to the narrator and to the island."
76561198063263421,Recommended,520720,30325517,Posted: 4 March,all,Ted McAuley,"My recommendation to anyone thinking about playing the updated version of this game (as well as the original) is to go into it with the proper mindset. It is not so much a game in the traditionally understood sense of the word. Rather, “Dear Esther” is an almost entirely cerebral experience. It works on the player in much the same way a good painting will effect an observer who sees in the art not merely a window looking out on our own world, but that same world slightly altered by the surreal, and thus bringing to light things about ourselves we might not otherwise see. That said, “Dear Esther”, by it's very poetic nature, is one of the most immediately captivating games I have encountered; I do not believe it should be overlooked simply because it does not conform to the usual way in which people have come to view video games.Overwhelming is the sense of solitude on this gloomy, desolate Hebridean island. Heavier still is the desperately sorrowful soundtrack, by Jessica Curry. In style, it is similar to film composer Christopher Young's most sparsely written music, and perhaps plays as an even more effective voice in this introspective journey than does the admittedly remarkable, potent narrator, Nigel Carrington. I often find game music lacking in its ability to plunge beneath the fabric of a game and tug to light its individual and vibrantly beating heart, but this is a rare instance where such a feat is accomplished. Haunting as any chamber music has ever been, the score to “Dear Esther” will probe the emptiness within each of us, and get us contemplating questions most prefer to ignore.The original version of “Dear Esther” already offered up a treasure trove of stunning and beautiful visuals; the “Landmark Edition”, remade using the Unity engine, effectively enhances all of its former glory. Although the surroundings are sparse and desolate, the amazing visuals cause exploration to become somewhat compulsory. And the thorough and thoughtful gamer will be rewarded by a number of sightings (such as photographs, books, etchings and other items) which enhance the deeply psychological underpinnings of the narrative.While the extras featured in the “Landmark Edition” add some time to this game over the original version, “Dear Esther” is still a relatively short journey, requiring the gamer to simply progress across the island until they have reached a lone radio mast. The “Landmark Edition"" adds ten achievements, and a director's commentary which is absolutely fascinating to listen to—especially once you have played the game a few times and have settled on your own personal interpretation of it's story. There are no in-game decisions to be made beyond deciding whether or not to do a little extra exploration of the island, no objects to interact with (besides the four urns you can find for an achievement), and the fragmented and slightly randomized narration of the main character plays out as you progress. A fair portion of the narration is not activated along the main path of the game, so there is an added incentive to do some deeper looking around. The epistolary narrative renders the intent of the story in a vague light, like a sequence of events seen through shimmering tears. It is debatable what “Dear Esther” is actually trying to say (and according to some of the game's commentary that was a deliberate choice), but anyone willing to open themselves to the voices haunting this Scottish island are certain to draw some very strong conclusions.To me, the story deals primarily with unspeakable loss, and how we set ourselves up for even greater heartache (potentially leading even to madness) if God is not our anchor in all things. I, for one, see the issue of personal transcendence (as it is articulated at the end of the game by the main character's leap from the radio tower, who then begins a flight of rebirth across the moon-dappled sea, followed by a black fade) to be illustrative not of our ability to achieve any kind of positive spiritual shift on our own, but exactly the opposite: There exists within fallen humanity a perpetual, aching cry to be delivered, redeemed--to transcend the shattering effects of our sinful natures.... But humanism cannot accomplish this miracle, nor any form of man-centered religion focusing on personal moral performance or upon the sincerity of their emotions as they are connected to a certain belief system. The blood of the Lord Jesus Christ is the only atonement by which we can be saved from all this death. He is the only peace, the only Truth. The end result of all other efforts at redemption lead only to chilly shadows and vacuous spaces brimming with regret.Hopefully sharing my personal interpretation of “Dear Esther” does not come across as a clumsy effort to proselytize (if that were the case, I would certainly have given the Gospel in its fullness), but rather illustrates the power and versatility the player can expect to experience by such an unconventional game as this.For anyone looking to plunge beneath the surface within themselves as they embark upon the solitary journey to the radio tower, “Dear Esther” offers surprising treasures that periodically flash their brilliance even years after the experience has ended. And here, years after it's initial release in 2014, it proves to continue to do just that."
76561198026129246,Not Recommended,520720,33281352,Posted: 5 July,all,Curious Incubus,"Fibonacci spirals, circuitry, flowery wording, random biblical passages and a narrative that randomizes its passages with each playthrough. Meh."
76561197966553349,Recommended,520720,30435157,Posted: 10 March,all,HEGI,"A masterpiece of the art form, that speaks a higher language than the one of simple logic.Too much for your average audience."
76561198014353153,Recommended,520720,30844321,Posted: 30 March,all,msboston,"This is not a game, this is a audio-visual poem. I thought I would need my little notebook to write clues needed to figure out some complex puzzle but all I had to do was to listen, stop, think, watch. You can't run, jump nor ""use"". Some scenes are breathtaking and the sadness that come out of some of these can be overwhelming, like waves of solitude and remorse. Yet, they are balanced by mesmerizing narration, beau-ti-ful music and stunning imagery.Until Dear Esther, there was only one digital place I enjoyed going back to and that was Riven from the Myst series. Now I have two. I thank you for that. Hope there will be more."
76561198035136168,Recommended,520720,29975549,Posted: 16 February,all,GodCast,Played a 90 minutes game of a re-remake over 10 hours. I love it!
,Recommended,520720,31664710,Posted: 10 May,all,dullais_laacis,"Ah, so I begun my voyage in a paper boat without a bottom.. again. Nothing really changed apart from me in the past few years, and they added a directors commentary which is neat, explains a lot of things. I could add some spoilers, but I won't because I found some things in the game really moving that I did not see before and I think you should find them yourself."
,Recommended,520720,30224844,Posted: 27 February,all,M@GISTER,"Dear devs i look art works and what you do for long time.I mean all games for example: Amnesia A Machine For Pigs, Dear Ether and other.Thanks for update, glad see there achievements. :3"
76561198021703246,Not Recommended,520720,30788812,Posted: 28 March,all,Belph,"Dear Esther is stunningly beautiful, both in soundtrack and graphics, but playing it is a tedious and disjointed experience. The constant fake paths that exist only to drag you off the narrative and waste your time, combined with the slow walking speed make it hard to enjoy the story you get, and the random nature of the bits of story make piecing it together quite difficult. Ultimately the art feels wasted on this game, and that makes me sad"
,Not Recommended,520720,30084912,Posted: 21 February,all,Tjitah,"It doesn't support ultrawide screens (21:9, 3440x1440). The old version did."
76561197970684357,Not Recommended,520720,30207076,Posted: 26 February,all,5tormbringer,"Really annoying that this game picks up whichever controller it feels like, rather than letting you choose (not a problem in the original).  I don't want to unplug my HOTAS/MFD ssytem as Windows ALWAYS picks it up in a different order which means I have to spend hours reconfiguring games that only support numbered, rather than named, controllers."
,Recommended,520720,34112247,Posted: 8 August,all,Myrhial,"Excellent remastering of what I already considered to be a classic. The developer commentary was my favourite part, from which I learned a lot about the background of the game. It's also insightful to learn more about the process of games development, from a mod to a remake of a remake. I absolutely recommend taking the time to sit down and enjoy strolling through this game (again). It's a journey that will stay with you for a long time."
,Recommended,520720,34134258,Posted: 9 August,all,Berto,"It was a complete pleasure to replay the original ""Walking Simulator"" and one of my favourite games. This new version is running on a new engine but honestly it doesn't show, it's still breathtaking like the original. Adored the newly added dev comentaries, Dan, Jessica and Rob are great, so much passion."
,Recommended,520720,34127290,Posted: 9 August,all,Spoopy Ash,Dear Esther can best be described as a interactive visual novel. The story telling is done wonderfully and the soundstrack is breathtaking. Dear Esther is easily one of the best game's I have played in the past few years. The $9.99 price is more than fair for such a well made game.
76561198102573914,Recommended,520720,31051975,Posted: 9 April,all,lazurwolfe,"Dear Esther is definitaly not a conventional game, and it is definitally not for everyone. I spent slightly more than an hour exploring a mostly empty island at a very slow pace. This work does however create an incredible atmosphere and environment. It is very relaxing and reflective. Definitaly worth the $10 I purchased the landmark edition for. It is not the game to play if you want something fast paced and interactive, but I definitaly recommend it."
76561197970538611,Recommended,520720,31231166,Posted: 18 April,all,Westenra,"Dear Esther is hard to categorize. Plebs would call it a ""walking simulator""-- the first ever-- though this label is painfully regressive. In reality, it is a beautiful piece of interactive, melancholy art. You play a man traversing a beautiful, semi-linear island toward a radio tower far off in the distance. The narrative is delivered in the form of gorgeous, disembodied prose. These small anecdotes are often triggered out of order, depending on which path you take, creating a tragic jigsaw of a story that gradually becomes clearer as you progress.The most interesting mystery, however, is your location, and even your state of being. While the island has a distinct geographic location, it is covered in crypic paintings depicting anything from bacteria to circuitry. There are horror elements-- ghosts in the periphery of your vision. There are vague mathematical concepts, and subtle religious imagery, yet somehow it manages to not come off as pretentious. Items from the narrator's memories are scattered about, often in out-of-the-way places. Where are you, really? A physical place, or a metaphor for transcendence? Purgatory? Coma? The developers intentionally leave this open to interpretation.Regardless, the island is staggering to behold, with perhaps the most incredible level of environmental detail ever put into a game. You feel like you are in a real place, full of real history, real weather, and real imperfection. The textures, while kind of medium-quality, get the job done. However, the real hero here is the soundtrack by Jessica Curry, which is worth buying the game alone. Dear Esther is chock full of design choices carefully crafted to make you experience your journey a particular way, no matter how you choose to interpret the message, and the love that went into it clearly shows.As I mentioned at the beginning, this is a deliberately slow game. There is no run button. You have to put yourself in the right frame of mind, like you would when watching a Tarkovsky film. Slow your heartbeat and take it all in. While I had no problem progressing the roughly two-hour play time (for the third time since it was a Half-Life 2 mod), others might find it easier to digest while bedridden with the flu, or suffering / enjoying some other form of mild hallucinatory / altered state.If you are looking for great storytelling with great presentation and killer visuals and don't mind your input being limited to ASDF and mouse look, you're in for a real treat."
76561198299999763,Recommended,520720,29951321,Posted: 15 February,all,greg.siddons,"The most atmospheric combat-free game I've ever played. Music is sublime, narration is perfect and the visuals are jaw-dropping. Completed it in a few hours, but it was a WONDERFUL experience. The ending is INCREDIBLE! I won't spoil it!..."
76561198340619864,Not Recommended,520720,32602120,Posted: 20 June,all,ShakespeareFan,"BOY, do I have A LOT to say about this game. After purchasing and finishing The Stanley Parable, (it's awesome, check it out) I wanted to play related games to it. I browsed through various titles, but eventually settled on this one. I was excited to play as a dying explorer, and listen to his descent into madness. I wanted multiple choices, exploration. This was not what I got. Instead, a 16th century explorer rambled on about ""Esther"" and ""Paul"", while I simply just walked around. The story is great, the visuals are amazing, but there is no choice. No exploration. The questions are never answered. No mysteries await. This game had so much potential, but used none of it. I WISH it had used its potential. It would have turned out so amazing. But no. However, despite my criticism, I am fairly split towards this game. The scenery is beautiful, there are SOME strange symbols and mysteries, the story is great, I like the narrator, if only I could understand him, but there is no choice. There is no exploration. There are no cults, demons, deaths, murders, brainwashing, nothing. I wish there was something.Pros of Dear Esther:-Great visuals-Cool feeling of solitude-Great story, if you can understand it-Great Narrator, if you can figure out what he's saying-Deep-Haunted shipwreecks and spirit cavesCons of Dear Esther:-No choice-No exploration of your own-Short, too short-You are literally just walking-Somewhat expensive-Not really worth the moneyAll in all, I'm kinda split with this game. Of course, I do have to choose if I want to reccomend it or not. So, final choice: I sort of reccomend it... take these pros and cons into account, and see if Dear Esther is right for you. Call your doctor if you experience boredom, dissapointment, or regret."
,Recommended,520720,34283849,Posted: 16 August,all,Woody,"I played the original game, and the Landmark Edition is most definitely an upgrade to an already beautiful game."
,Not Recommended,520720,31863286,Posted: 20 May,all,Johnny KaBoom,"Revisiting Dear Esther it is certainly better left as a relic of its' time.  Dear Esther is not a poor walking simulator, but it is clearly the first succesful one.  The game is addequate for what it is, but I feel as a fan revisiting this that I would play with the directors commentary on.  Boy was that a mistake.  The voice of the creative team ruined the experience and the insight they provided was quite distracting.  Dear Esther is beautifully scored and a somber thought piece; However, the advancements of the tech, addition of achievos, and the directors commentary do not justify the current price point.  Dear Esther has it's place in videogame history, this update muddies that, but only slightly."
,Not Recommended,520720,30735591,Posted: 25 March,all,XYZ,"Dear Esther is not a game, but a weird, slow-paced experience that is supposed to be emotional.The narrator spews out metaphors and 'deep' thoughts that couldn't get me in the right mood.After listening to the director's commentary track, to see what I was missing out on, I can say, not much.I got the idea of it, but the execution just didn't do it for me.They should make a short movie next time, because making this interactive didn't help at all.Linear and boring."
76561197966301818,Recommended,520720,29936644,Posted: 14 February,all,Calamity Ferret,"This game isn't for everyone. But if you love atmosphere, beautiful soundtracks, well done narration and a LOT of walking, then this game is for you."
76561198060465574,Recommended,520720,29945415,Posted: 15 February,all,Raw Potato,It was wonderfully developed but it left me wanting more....It's basically a short story with wonderful graphics. I hope my 10 dollars goes towards more development. =)
,Not Recommended,520720,31049861,Posted: 9 April,all,Parolles,"I picked up this title without really knowing anything about it because I have found myself lately really enjoying games in a certain narrative genre including Firewatch and Gone Home. I was hoping to find more good content along those lines.I believe those games utilize something like traditional FPS mechanics, in spite of the lack of any combat, to create a really immersive feeling and convey a story. I am in particular fascinated with the sort of interatcive museum quality of Gone Home.Dear Esther was, for me, a big disappointment. It's not a game in any sense that is meaningful to me, not even in the way that the titles I mentioned above are. There is no interaction at all. The game not only does not encourage exploration, checking around corners, etc--it punishes it with an excruciatingly slow walking pace. There's nobody behind the camera in this title, and we don't play games to experience being nobody.I cannot recommend it."
76561198014146141,Not Recommended,520720,30234130,Posted: 27 February,all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,+Music+Some beautiful areas+Some creepy moments+Ending+Moon+Candles+Red beacon+/-Dev commentary+/-Achievements kind of make it interesting but not really-So called story-Convulated ramblings-Hair pulling slowness-Walking into traffic on the freeway would be more interesting than this game-No run button-Walking
,Recommended,520720,29952374,Posted: 15 February,all,Joga,"Dear Esther is the game that created the ""walking simulator"" genre, and for that I am eternally grateful. I first played Dear Esther as a Source mod way back in 2008, and immediately fell in love with it. It's a game that's much more about evoking emotions rather than telling a concrete story (though there is a concrete story there if you dig far enough), which was and still is pretty unique in the gaming world. Dear Esther is a poem in game form.As far as upgrades from the Source remake, the biggest addition is the new developer commentary, which I greatly enjoyed listening through with the devs talking about their experiences and thoughts on the game. Graphically it still looks as good as I remember it. I'm sure it's been graphically improved, but I think it's a testament to the beautiful art style that it's still pretty much just like I remember it.As always, Dear Esther (and walking simulators in general) aren't going to be everyone's cup of tea. But for me personally, I enjoy just chilling out after a long day and letting the dulcet tones of Nigel Carrington's narration and Jessica Curry's music wash over me."
,Not Recommended,520720,30463806,Posted: 11 March,all,Fox Fav,"The visuals, soundtrack, and atmosphere is suberb. But I tired of everything but the music within 15 minutes. I guess like litterary fiction, I don't get it.On the other hand, this would make for an awesome VR experiance, but as is, I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,520720,29977408,Posted: 16 February,all,Cypher,A pleasant experience but leaves me craving something more. When I play games like this or run benchmarks they always make me wish they were full length games.
76561197975551289,Recommended,520720,31931454,Posted: 24 May,all,TuRoK 2....,I liked it very much...I played the first one. And enjoyed the update. Thankyou.
76561198040668487,Recommended,520720,30863743,Posted: 31 March,all,IceEagle,Better love story than Twilight
76561198045452858,Recommended,520720,31865699,Posted: 20 May,all,TriTTon,I didnt knew i have the Landmark Edition I've allready played the game back than when it first came out and i gotta say it was actualy nice going back and listening to all the voiceovers from the Devs.I mean it is an Walking Sim but hey :3
76561197993364666,Recommended,520720,31465571,Posted: 30 April,all,Sarrecen,"Dear Esther - Landmark Edition is a beautiful short story. Haunting in it's way,which will linger long after you have experienced it."
76561198017102770,Recommended,520720,30237252,Posted: 28 February,all,Elmer_Fudd,one of the most beautiful games I have played
,Recommended,520720,30289767,Posted: 2 March,all,polyphonpharm,"Great game to relax and wander around in.  The plot is really laid out in front of you as you progress.  The island is beautiful and the ambiance is soothing.  Lots of mystery surrounding the island. Definately a game you can play through many, many times."
76561198143990150,Not Recommended,520720,30658547,Posted: 21 March,all,itsme_timd,"I wasn't sure what this game was about but liked the look of the graphics and saw that it was highly rated.  Unless I'm missing something, there's really no ""gameplay"" to this game.  It's just walking around... very slowly.  Other reviews call it a ""walking sim"" so I guess that is the case.  The graphics are really nice but I need some action in a game, this one is not for me."
,Not Recommended,520720,34673681,Posted: 1 September,all,A Bear with Parkinsons,"The meaningless achievements totally ruin much of the original mod's immersion, and I ran into tons of problems with stuttering even with a GTX 1070."
,Not Recommended,520720,31672090,Posted: 10 May,all,Kef-Meister,"Clutching a single letter in one hand, a rodent without heartbeat in the other, I've worked my way through befuddling grandiose verbosity. A pretty, pretentious partaking in psychogeography.(Basically: a nice-looking, nice-sounding but utterly lacking game with little player input and deliberately confusing flowery language.)"
76561198137607251,Not Recommended,520720,30676478,Posted: 22 March,all,terranightangel,"It was okay.  Great graphics if you are looking for that but the story is depressing.  The price is too much for a game that took me an hour to play all the way through.  If you ever play walking or Mist kind of games, this will feel too easy and will end far too quickly for the amount charged for it."
,Recommended,520720,30200693,Posted: 26 February,all,KrigarNooben,"Well games dont get better then this.Now improved with amongst commentator tracks, adding yet another layer to this game."
,Recommended,520720,34535230,Posted: 27 August,all,Psygo,"Dear Esther is about a seagull named Paul that won't stop talking to himself and is super bummed that his lady friend lost her unborn baby in a car crash. But it's ok, because he is later reborn through a mountain v agina and that puts him at ease.But if the story's not your thing you can always listen to the pretentious creator's commentary. Which manages to take a slow game and grind is to a halt as you stand around for minutes at a time waiting for them to shut up just so you can start the next bit of commentary."
,Not Recommended,520720,30130236,Posted: 23 February,all,Alien Rope Burn,"I remember playing this many, many years ago, when it was only just a free mod for a little game called Half-Life 2. ""Oh, I'll crack it open again, only a half-hour of game, something I can cross off of my game list."" For I had taken to categorizing them chiefly into such plain categories as ""in progress"", ""complete"", and ""unopened"". Certainly, a short time later and I would be done, crossing another game off with satisfaction.It was only a short time later I realized I had walked the wrong way. Oh, certainly, I had gotten a bit of gab for my efforts, but only silence greeted me as I turned back, holding the W key in a devil's grip, not even the cries of gulls to greet me on my return. I went and checked the options, but there was no auto-walk key to be found. ""Even upon the release of this Landmark Edition, I have to hold the W key all the way through?"" Dissapointment stabbed at my soul like fallen icicles. Still, I continued on. This game would end up in the ""complete"" category, I swore to myself.At one point I found my walking halted, only to look down upon a small, tiny stone wall, no higher than a cat's tail might rise. ""Oh, I have to walk around it. It's like a little maze."", I said, puzzled that I had to do that. Still, I continued on. I had felt this more eerie my first time, the paintings on the cliff walls more stark. ""It is a pretty game."", I thought as I continued on. ""The textures haven't aged at all well, though. That garbage? Just a bit of color scattered across the ground. No bump mapping to be found at all, there."" Looking at things in the distance was surely more rewarding. There was lots of fog around. Had that been there before, I wondered? It was nice.The caves were different this time. I had remembered fearing for myself the first time in their dark expanses, knowing a game like this surely wouldn't kill me or deliver up a monster from the depths, but they were eerie. Now, they felt well-lit by convenient glowing mushrooms. ""So many well-lit caverns in video games."", I thought. ""I had even thoughtfully brought a flashlight which gets used in buildings, but I never needed it the caves. A bit odd, that."" Still, I took some screenshots. They were pretty caves. I guess the narrative was continuing on, but I'd already heard it all, hadn't I? Oh, there were achievements now. ""Very artistic."", I thought to myself as another popped up. ""That's what literature has been missing all this time, getting a pat on the back every fifty pages I can show off to my friends. 'Look, I held down the W key for a half-hour and wiggled a mouse! I even drowned myself once, even though the game certainly didn't want me to!'"", I can now proclaim to them proudly.As I came to the end of the story, I mused back upon it. It was all very poetic, but I realized with a slight discomfort that the narrative struck me in a way I hadn't realized. ""Is this romanticizing what I think it is?"", I thought. ""Or is a narrative about taking control of one's destiny?"" I thought on it as the game took control from me to deliver its final wistful words and force my viewpoint into its final act. ""I realize this is probably a limitation of the engine at the time, they probably had difficulty rendering- hm. Still, the player ought to be guiding this final act. They could have done more with it."" And I'm not sure I'm so keen on the themes, as I think more on them. I'm not sure I like the ugly task it tries to paint a pretty picture over. I have no problem just guiding a viewpoint and getting to see some nice sights and play out a narrative, but I'm not sure I like the story, in the end. It's well enough written, I supposed. But at times the experience becomes disconnected from the narrative, severed and floating free like a lost leaf from a tree. At one point I was supposed to be injured, but if so, there was no sign of it. I'm not sure that story beat was entirely necessary, given it just reminded me of the disconnect. Part of it is the age of the thing, of course, but all the new edition delivered was these little medals coined ""achievements"" and a bit of nattering on by the director. I was left with a singular, burning decision: do I recommend this?Mmm.""Nah."", I thought aloud. ""But you'll probably get it in a Humble Bundle at some point anyway."""
76561198105387802,Not Recommended,520720,31477587,Posted: 30 April,all,ncwolfe89,"Beautiful both in audio and visual. However, who the hell are these characters and why should I care about them or exploring their world? While very well done, this isnt a game. If you enjoy walking and listening to beautiful music interrupted by random cryptic messages then this is for you. If you like having a story to play and invest in, not so much. Cool idea and again, very beautiful, but not good."
76561198112688514,Not Recommended,520720,32014638,Posted: 28 May,all,Skinner255,"Although this game was interesting, overall I'd give it a dislike. While the graphics and imagery were nice and intriguing, the storyline was was melodramatic and self-defeating; would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,520720,33956820,Posted: 1 August,all,maikel,"I love Walking Simulators but this one is lacking. They got it very right on The Rapture but Dear Esther lacks sense. I did not get anything, nor even what the story was about, it is not gripping."
76561198091533978,Recommended,520720,34843350,Posted: 9 September,all,will_20,worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i have ever bought
,Not Recommended,520720,33113127,Posted: 1 July,all,Theon,I don't get what the point of this port to Unity was.The Source version somehow manages to look better.
,Recommended,520720,30109157,Posted: 22 February,all,Feuer,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=870027673good trip
76561197999892327,Recommended,520720,29933436,Posted: 14 February,all,Serious,"An astonishing journey through one of the greatest things ever programmed.It's not a game, but a peace of art.Now with better graphics and some new voicelines ;-)"
,Not Recommended,520720,33406147,Posted: 9 July,all,Dorvid,"Received Landmark edition for free because I owned the older edition.Listen to some guy talk about kidney stones for 80 or so minutes. Not for me, can't really recommend."
,Not Recommended,520720,31723057,Posted: 13 May,all,WildKarrde,A run button! A run button! My kingdom for a run button!
,Not Recommended,520720,30885554,Posted: 1 April,all,Dany,"I do not see the purpose of this ""remaster"" the texures are a bit changed but the original looks better and setsup the atmospheher betther also prerendered lighting from source engine looks better than any fancy trick lighting of any engineobjects feel more real and the game is laggy sometimes It just freezesfor those who play the game for the first time check the original it's alot better ;)"
,Recommended,520720,29940654,Posted: 15 February,all,PROFESMORALES,Masterpiece
76561198003798876,Not Recommended,520720,30453596,Posted: 11 March,all,Xtian [ITA],"This is a short movie that plays only if you keep the play button (W) pressed. Sometimes you can choose one path or the other with the only outcome that you might skip some movie segments and never be able to rewind. The movie has nice sound, music and images, but it has no story: you'll have to make it up yourself piecing together some nonsense random speech. Then it is suddenly over and you can only say ""oh, very poetic""."
,Not Recommended,520720,30246884,Posted: 28 February,all,GrandmasterJ,Do you enjoy doing nothing?
,Not Recommended,520720,31312888,Posted: 22 April,all,Pixel,"Are you ok with paying money for something you can watch on youtube for free and get the exact same experience? If you are then buy after a steep sale due to the games length, for everyone else save your money."
,Not Recommended,520720,30168529,Posted: 25 February,all,L,"""Enhanced"" trash is still trash.Very boring, a true walking simulator.You can do nothing but walk and walk; there are no enigmas or riddles (I expected that), and basically you walk on a closed and forced path that eventually leads you to the end. The plot is pretty sad and surely not entertaining, even though the voice acting is as remarkable as the visuals and the music.I would recommend it to... none. There are games that try to create emotions, as Dear Esther does, without being this dramatic, sad and generally unappealing.I wish there was more other than the melancholic voice of a hopeless character in this game; I reached the end in an hour, and I didn't enjoy it. The replayability is absent, except of course if you want to go through the game again.Graphic: 7/10Sound: 8/10Gameplay: 4/10Longevity: 2/10Final Rating: 4/10Dear Esther fails hard bringing emotions and a fresh breath among the first person adventures. Recommended only to game reviewers and developers. Definitely boring and not entertaining for the gamers."
,Not Recommended,520720,30308201,Posted: 3 March,all,A Gelatinous Cube-Z-,"10/10, no need to go for a walk again."
,Not Recommended,520720,30584586,Posted: 17 March,all,Max,bad performance and...tbh this game sucks fam
76561198006779910,Not Recommended,520720,30151948,Posted: 24 February,all,ObsessedEddie,........
,Recommended,520720,29928632,Posted: 14 February,all,frame,Glad to see this exploratory novel re-released.
,Not Recommended,520720,30017658,Posted: 18 February,all,marK.B.,"First of all it's not a game, there is literally zero interactivity. So what is Dear Esther? Well, let's say it's some depressive arthouse walking simulator, where you're slowly... oh yeah,walking to your suicide.OK, here is an alternate walkthrough:1. Start new ""game"";2. Turn left and go into the water;3. Drown;4. Exit to main menu (optional);5. Watch credits (optional);6. Exit ""game"";7. ...8. Congrats! You just saved yourself two hours of your life, becauseresult is the same as if you actually completed this ""game"".Sure you can say it's beautiful, music is nice and even that it has a good story (wait, what story?) and there are probably people who actually enjoyed ""playing"" Dear Esther, but asking money for it is a crime.And why would they do this remaster anyway? They could just upgrade textures and add achievements to original Source version of Dear Esther.BTW, if you want to get all achievements you are forced to finish thisvery entertaining gameat least twice, visit every damn corner of every level and listen to every commentary of developers who are trying to convince you (and probably convince themselves) that they have created a masterpiece."
76561198058477633,Not Recommended,520720,30010770,Posted: 18 February,all,apes everywhere,"It's not a game. It has no meaning for me. I stopped listening to the voiceover immediately and lost interest after Act I. If you want to do the art, it should be done differently. Better invest to watching a good movie or reading a good book."
76561197972436174,Recommended,520720,29928007,Posted: 14 February,all,Heather Kettle games,It's as awesome
,Not Recommended,520720,29951823,Posted: 15 February,all,Uncle Bones,"Once again, after all these years, people come back to this pretentious pile of excrement masquerading as a game, and yet somehow it still doesn’t get the scorn it deserves. How anyone could possibly give this a positive rating is beyond me. These people must be the same ones who think a canvas composed of different coloured squares are art, or 4 minutes and 30 seconds of silence can be music.Graphics are at least average; there are some nice models and textures, but the main problem is that everything is so monotonous and grey (with the exception of a relatively nice luminescent cave system about half way through the game). Everything from the lighting, to the textures, to the colour scheme is flat and dull.Music is relatively nice, but it’s not the nicest I’ve heard in a walking sim. Some of it comes across quite pleasant, other times it can screech into your ear. The narrator’s speech drones on, as if his voice itself is dragging its feet, completely uninterested in what he’s even saying himself.The dialogue and story is boll*cks; a relatively simple, grey, soulless tale, elevated into pretentious grandeur by bohemian-level writing. Poetry comes in many forms, but this writing doesn’t feel smart, it feels like someone just got out a thesaurus and tried to include as many words as he can.Lastly, the gameplay. Or lack-thereof, I should say. I’m sure you’ve heard it before, but blimey. No interaction, other than walking forward and looking around. You can’t even sprint, which is horrible when you find yourself walking down a long section, only to find out it leads nowhere and having to backtrack all the way back.There is no room for joy in this game. If you hate fun and have poor taste in art, then sure, try this out. I would say the game is too short, clocking in at an hour long, but frankly I was glad it was over with by the time I reached the end. At the very least, the most positive thing I can say about this is that it started the Walking Sim genre, which has spurred on other, more intelligent, interesting and – most importantly – more enjoyable games."
76561197975238415,Not Recommended,520720,29929681,Posted: 14 February,all,Jersey77,"If ever there was a product on Steam that didn't need to be re-made again, it's Dear Esther.Dear Esther is a walking simulator. The most basic one there is since all you do is walk. There is ZERO interactivity otherwise. You're meant to just press 'w' and listen to the narrator drone on and on about the island he's on, lost love, and death. There is no running or jumping and no puzzles to solve. Just walking. Literally.At least Gone Home had some puzzles. At least The Stanley Parable had a humourous narrator and situations. At least both of those weren't completely linear. Listening to the ""story"" the narrator told in this ""interactive"" fiction was boring at first and unbearable by the end of it.As bad as the narrator is, turning on developer commentary (unfortunately required for an achievement) is much worse. Listening to three people refer to this thing as a ""game"" is farcical. This is not a game. Not in the slightest.I really cannot recommend this thing. Not at all. Your time is better spent elsewhere. With actual games."
76561198057170125,Not Recommended,520720,30348782,Posted: 5 March,all,Broken Symmetry,"All you do is hold w and listen to the ramblings of some crazy voice for an hour and a half. It's a scam, do not buy."
76561198111949596,Not Recommended,520720,29978669,Posted: 16 February,all,EnricoMezza1981,"Don't let anybody guilt you into buying this ""game"" to help out indie development or to impress your pink haired SJW girlfriend this is not a game it's literally just walking from Point A to Point Z listening to some pompous waffling it's utterly dripping with pretense0/10"
,Recommended,520720,30562924,Posted: 16 March,all,ChaosReigner,"Perpetuates that the spatial memory part of the hippocampus doesn't work just fine when drunk... Anyway, a lot of people find this game pretentious and dull but I find it compelling and pretty to look at (but I am white and don't hike a lot so maybe it itches a scratch I don't know I have); that said I think the not landmark (not the original mod) edition is a bit prettier because this one looks a little cartoonish."
76561198025699142,Recommended,520720,30563867,Posted: 16 March,all,Brohannes Brahms,"TLDR- Great original game upgraded very slightly in quality, and with the addition of a wonderful developer's commentary.First, the original game was fantastic, and if you are looking for a significant upgrade you would only be dissapointed to learn that it is difficult to improve from something so strong to begin with. The pacing and story is great, and changes every time and for every person based on some randomly generated narration and objects.The most significant upgrade from the original game is the director's cut voice over. After playing through four or five times on my own and making some great discoveries, there were still some things that I had found but never quite got a hold of. The framing perspective of the commentary really adds to the game, but should NOT be used on an initial playthrough. Thank you to the devs for an amazing experience, every time I play."
76561198072440600,Recommended,520720,30563246,Posted: 16 March,all,manyteachers,"This was a spectacular experience. Well written, well designed. Well worth the time! Beautiful!"
76561198018929292,Recommended,520720,30517513,Posted: 14 March,all,woodCAT71,"Not a game, but more like walking experience and poetry.Amazing visuals and sound, both slight upgrade from the original.Free if you've got Dear Ester already.(Not like Metro or Deus Ex, which you have to pay again to get little beter gaming experince, but same game and story.)"
,Recommended,520720,31906925,Posted: 22 May,all,Bastulos,"I've always been a huge fan of Dear Esther. Listening to the developer commentary was actually a really amazing experience because you got a deeper look into the world that is Dear Esther - what went into all the design choices, how they wanted to shape the experience in certain ways...it's worth an hour or two to listen to."
76561197995567700,Recommended,520720,31973634,Posted: 26 May,all,Tarkus,"This game isn't for everyone, but if you are of the explorer, contemplative type, then Dear Esther is an absolute must-play. Not long, intriguing, slow-paced, it is counterintuitive in many ways when looked at from a conventional perspective, which is precisely what makes it appealing. It is an unforgettable, deeply personnal experience, and I'm glad I dived in it."
76561198030629945,Recommended,520720,31933292,Posted: 24 May,all,Cicerone,"Started It AllThe game that birthed the walking simulator genre returned this year with a very cool ""Landmark Edition"" to improve upon the already-lovely visuals and provide some history on the game's lengthy development. The director's commentary also answers some longstanding questions about the nebulous story. Spoiler:whatever you think the story's about...you're right.Good job!"
,Recommended,520720,33265428,Posted: 5 July,all,ΤΣΠΠΘ,"As ambiguous as it is visually striking, Dear Esther utilizes a gentle pace and a poignant soundtrack to encourage reflection on its hauntingly elegiac tale. The caves chapter is where the visuals and music amalgamate into one of the most beautiful experiences ever achieved in a video game, Dear Esther at its zenith.The emergence of the “walking simulator” which is still deserving of its eminence.8/10"
76561198305480132,Recommended,520720,33320258,Posted: 6 July,all,ubimgr,"Basically, it's Dear Esther on Unity engine. And that means - literally. Without any visual alterations, so if you thought it will have updated graphics or anything - no, it doesn't. The only essential upgrade is ""full audio remaster"" as stated on the game page.Same good old Dear Esther, same 9/10; but if you pay too much attention to technological aspects of graphics, it's still as outdated as the original, so might drop to 8/10."
76561198198965313,Recommended,520720,30217669,Posted: 27 February,all,Terminates Here,"I recommend Dear Esther, but not as a 'game'.  It isn't a game.  It's more of a walk-through novel and 'experience'.  Other than walking and exploring, there isn't much to actually do except wander and admire the scenery and voiceover work.  And that's the whole point.   The plot is designed to leave a lot to your imagination, the scenery designed to give ambiguous hints as to what is really going on, and only towards the end does it become clear what you're really doing.As this 'experience' is highly dependent on the graphic and audio detail, you're going to want the best version, and this Unity remake is the one to get here and now.  The lack of any antagonists, characters or threats (other than the odd bit of water or steep drop) is such that there's so much more opporutnity to let your GPU focus on fine details.  The director commentary on this version is also a major plus, it gives away just enough to give a little bit of context.  The commentary also explained that this style of game is actually a genre now, so off to the store to find some more, then."
,Recommended,520720,30222327,Posted: 27 February,all,Daeruin,"I was really happy when I heard about the Landmark Edtion. The graphics are better but I exerienced a few problems... like my character flying off the map or just walking at top speed. Never had these problems with the original... but, hey, audio commentary and acheivements, that I like!"
,Recommended,520720,31155823,Posted: 15 April,all,rayroo,Short.. a few hours. Rewarding.. ambient but interative.. without doing anything but walking.. fantastic :)
,Recommended,520720,30034089,Posted: 19 February,all,Da5e,"Look, I won't lie - this isn't for everyone. You don't strictly *do* anything but wander around a depressing Scottish island while a frankly miserable tale of loss, heartbreak and frustration plays out. Think of it as a Radio 4 play, an audio drama with pretty (very pretty) scenery to look at while you listen, though, and it makes sense.I'd say it's like 'playing' a short story by Iain Banks. You know the sort of thing; Scottish fiction, aching with forgivable pretense, and the sort of tale that you sit and think about for ages after it's done.Recommended, deffo."
76561197992985917,Recommended,520720,31287509,Posted: 21 April,all,SmithDoc,"This ""Landmark"" version of Dear Esther has tradeoffs. On the one hand all of the grass now obeys a choreographed wind behavior, which is cool, and the water and clouds look better... but the ground texture isn't as sharp as I remember, and object polygon counts are substantially lowered. The rocks all look more artificial and less naturalistic. That said, the new effects are pretty impressive, especially the grass, which intermittently flows with gusts of wind. It's beautiful. All of these changes and additions serve to create a subtly different experience. I may return to playing the original version  - which I see is sadly no longer for sale."
76561198014230071,Recommended,520720,31252842,Posted: 20 April,all,Liamzl,"For those that have already played Dear Esther, The option of turning on Directors commentary is an absolute blessing as an insight into the games creations and a much deeper look into the narrative, music and visuals. I do wish the audio bubbles were more spread out as it did feel like the commentary would go on for much longer than the distance between each audio prompt, but this in some ways helped me to be more leisurely with my pace as i went along. Achievements is also a big +Returning players, YES YES YES."
,Recommended,520720,33070256,Posted: 30 June,all,hepatitisdd,This is a lovely walkabout. You can perfect the game in 4 hours with all achievements (including director commentary). It's much improved with rerecorded music and audio (and that's saying something as I liked the original commercial release just as much).
76561198056186683,Not Recommended,520720,31459100,Posted: 30 April,all,GuyOnAChair,"Hearing people praise the ""improved visuals"" makes me wonder if they have played the original.Having bought the original I recieved this for free. Having beaten the landmark version I noticed that it is unfortunatley inferior to the Source version which can no longer be purchased and and I'm not sure if it comes with the Landmark Edition. Slightly downgraded graphics and a lack of 21:9 out of the box is dissapointing especially because I know Unity has 21:9 out of the box.Source 21:9 5120x2160http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=916913577&fileuploadsuccess=1Unity (Only up to 1920x1080 allowed in options)http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=916913426There's a lack of HDR, bloom, something may be off with the color correction if there even is any, less graphics options, the Tower is gone from that particular scene, some bugs and Directors Commentary which is something that's been done in Source before so I question why it wasn't. The models are just as jaggy and I don't think any textures have been touched. Hell Half-Life 2 assets can still be seen such as the C17 corpse,a woman and the suitcase.I think the beach texture might be cleaner but that could just be my eyes playing tricks on me. Someone claimed grass looked better but that is untrue which is a shame because that's one thing that a Unity version could have improved. I've heard it had to be ported to Unity because of the costly licensing of the Source Engine and if thats the real reason then that's a damn shame. Regardless I say play the 2012 release instead."
,Recommended,520720,30188468,Posted: 25 February,all,Waterslidez,Its alright I guess.
76561198096079278,Recommended,520720,34543962,Posted: 27 August,all,FriendFive,"Not going to lie, it's been a while since I played Dear Esther before and I really didn't notice any difference between this edition and the original. I guess this one has dev commentary, but I didn't bother to check any of that out. I guess if you are a big fan of the original you might want to revisit it with this edition. I did and I don't regret it."
,Recommended,520720,34078868,Posted: 7 August,all,NintyGirl,"Disclaimer: For anybody who is not interested in a walking simulation game in the first place you won't find any enjoyments into this. And if you want to get into the genre then still there's no guarantee that you will like it in the end since the most interactive part in this game is just walking. The rest part of the game is to enjoy the story and the beautiful scenery. Also important to know: My english isn't perfect because it's not my native language so I apologize in advance for any upcoming mistakes.I bought Dear Esther some years ago (I don't remember ^^) and before that I was quite skeptical due to this genre. But as I was playing it I found myself enjoying it and felt relaxed after playing it. This is where I dropped any kind of criticism to this genre in general. I couldn't imagine that a game that got barely or almost none interactive features into wouldn't be worth to call it a game or something to enjoy but still I wanted to give it a try and was convinced otherwise. Specifically for this game in my opinion they put a great effort and well tought-out story into this.  Also every scenery is really pretty to look at and gives a great quiet and melancholic atmosphere which is great captured with the wonderful music. From my subjective point of view I think everthing works perfectly together (story, music, atmosphere) and you really can lose yourself into the story in a calm way. (I seriously don't know how to describe it better ^^ and sorry if it sounds stupid.) I also really love making offs (it really fascinates me to get background information from movies, games and books, I'm maybe a weird person ^^') and so I was extremly interested in this and if you interested it in those things as well then you will definetly got something out of this because the recordings were quite interesting to follow and I didn't think it was too long or too short. So all in all this game is a perfect example of this genre and I highly recommend it for anyone who is interested, wants to give it a try or is looking for a relaxing kind of game. And depending on your preference and/or financial possibilities you have to decide on your own rather its worth the full price or you waiting for a discount.I want to remind that this review is based on my subjective perspective viewpoint and of what I personally experinced and through that what I personally interpreted. So thats not a professional written review and I'm not responsible for any kind of cringe trigger you got by reading this. But still thank you for reading! :3"
,Not Recommended,520720,33997920,Posted: 3 August,all,Nagra,"I loved the original and wanted to try this one, but it's unplayable. The game runs perfectly on max settings, but it constantly gets stuck on a frame every now and then. It seems I am not the only one.The devs need to look into this, this is probably a small issue, but I'm not gonna go through the entire game with this stuttering which takes me out of the experience. Still a great game though."
76561197991585944,Recommended,520720,34886242,Posted: 11 September,all,cbsboyer,"This is only a game in so much that there isn't really another thing to call it.  Interactive story?  It's not really interactive, but it's all story...kind of.  I played through the previous version many times, and each time you get a different set of snippets of the narrative and dialogue.  The visuals and environments are fantastic, and the atmosphere is captivating if, and that's a big ""if"", this kind of storytelling is interesting to you.  If you are expecting a large, open-world exploration game, or a point-and-click adventure, you're going to have a bad time.  If you are only interested in FPS games, you are going to have an even worse time.  This is pure story, the story is somewhat ambiguous at times given that it's broken into so many bits and pieces, and the pace is intentionally slow to try to force you to digest every little bit that you get.I found the way to ""play"" this is to sit with a good drink and something to nibble on, and take it a piece at a time with nothing else going on in your mind.  If you find you are getting tired or distracted, leave and come back later with an empty head.  You can run through it end-to-end in one go without stopping, but you won't ""get"" it, and you probably won't enjoy it.  Patience, patience, always patience with this title.[Edit: I don't know whether to say I got the game for free or not because I paid for the previous version, which got me the new version free...so ""maybe""?]"
,Recommended,520720,34970473,Posted: 15 September,all,THE-LAST-SAINT,Dear Esther. i played the first release when it was recommended by a friendafter buying and downloading it i was a bit sceptical on how it would be.but i must say it was and still is an amazing game as it's now know as''the walking-sim'' there's isn't anything else to do than walking aroundlooking at the wonderful landscape and very interesting music.you listen to the story of esther if you like books reading or even writing!i highly recommend you to get this game altough this is a re-releasewith extra's like achievements and developer commentry i waspleasantly surprised by the upgrades they made and made it possibleto re-live the story.i rate this game 10/10
76561198203292090,Recommended,520720,35304858,Posted: 29 September,all,magic.mattress,Very short but a decent experience all the same. Great environment and okay graphics
