user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,521150,26432570,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Hugo,"Great idea. The game is fun and already has a lot of good features.Pros and cons:+ Many different products (I hope there will come even more, and more specialized ones)+ Managing the stores is clear, easy and detailed, and the tutorial explains it very well+ Rush hour cycles are cool- Build menu is quirky - too much to scroll. Maybe reorganize it in form of bars in the bottom (like in prison architect?)- Sometimes when building road stuff, cars get stuck and block other traffic until I reload the savegame.- Can't rotate items.My wishes for the future are:* Theft and theft protection (alarms, store detectives), maybe robbers as ""special events"" (which could also include big events like fires - don't forget the sprinkler system - or small ones like recalls)* Money transport* Stores should be able to have more than one storage. Maybe even filtered storages, like one for food and another for goods or something like that, so that clerks can work more effectively* Maybe assign zones inside a shop for clerks* Levels, escalators, lifts* Children area* Furniture shop items (beds, cabinets, kitchen, desks, ...)* When building something, the things to be built must first be delivered* Add shopping carts, so that customers don't need to pay several times if they need more than one item* Marketing tricks (candy near checkout, special offers in good positions etc), more in-depth marketing analysis, for planning optimal routes through the store (where do people go if they need a specific item and which items will they be prone to buy additionally even if they don't need it?)* More micro management (electricity, water, ventilation, air conditioning)All in all, the game is already very good and can only become better. Let me know if you need help with German localization."
,Recommended,521150,26429366,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Matimal,I manage an actual grocery store.Stayed up until 4AM managing my virtual store only to wake up and do it all in real life.10/10 Will continue to live my back to back managerial lifestyle.
76561198127202621,Recommended,521150,31046815,Posted: 9 April,all,brightcrazystar,"I am having a great time so far, but I have a few things I would like to see:1.  Customer Walkways, inside and outside.  Staff areas where customers are restricted.2. In and Out Customer Doors  (just a right click on the doors to select which direction, or both. Both is default.)3. Need for Security and Staff Breaks.  More staff, such as manager, product demo, and roles like Manager on Duty and Keyholder.4. Weather, affect cleanliness.  Seasons and Holidays.Direct customer complaints and manage how to appease; RETURNS AND EXCHANGES."
,Recommended,521150,28440812,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Princess Milky,"Prison Architect meets shopping center!Honestly though while comparing the two may seem easy, you really can't because these are two beasts all their own, and for an Early Access game that's just barely a month into its release, I have to say that this is really a great start!There is so much promise here and while yes lacking some variety in afewareas, there's a lot to love about this game that makes it worth while to support it while it's in its very early days.Pros:Clean graphics with a sense of humor to it allControl over what you actually put on the shelves with quite a variety to choose from object wiseSmooth gameplay with few bugs at the current development stage,that I expierenced anywaysHas a sense of strategyCons:Literally no sound. Aside from the brief sound of a cashier or a car, there is no music. Feels like a rather quiet worldTedious at some points when mass creating certain things (I built a movie theater and wanted to kill myself after placing so many seats)Lacking variety in different jobs and what you can actually place in the game.Honestly compared to most Early Access titles these days, this game is really heading in the right direction it seems just by looking at the hard work the dev has been putting into polishing up the game and taking into consideration different requests of the community. It's great to see someone so interactive and being a person who personally loves this style, I can only hope for the best!Of course, I can't be overly harsh and am just nitpicky because that's what these reviews are to do but it makes the game better.Is it worth $12.99?If you're like a bunch of us who see the potential in this game and want to support it, i'd say it definetly is. EA games need some love. But if you're looking for a finer tuned and polished game similar to PA, you might want to wait and just follow the updates and patches to come before you put in your money. But right now it's a great way to pass the time.11/10 for the Pink Floyd reference"
,Recommended,521150,33023581,Posted: 29 June,all,Randy Farmskins.com,"It is pretty fun! Im still on my first ""mall"" at 13 hours.It really needs something to keep people playing. Needs more of a challenge than is present. Some ideas I was thinking of was:Crime- people dont wanna pay! steal it! This could add security guards and detectors by door.weather- add some sort of weather pattern. If it is storming people wont want to come!Emergencies- Random emergencies or situations would be fun too!Overall its pretty good. Just needs content updates."
76561197977496310,Not Recommended,521150,34369134,Posted: 20 August,all,Corpsed,"This may turn out to be a fine game, but I feel like it's got a long way to go before it should have even been opened for EA.Here's why:You make a building, stock it with products, and hire staff. That is basically the end of the game. You'll hire office workers to research more products, hoping that something cool comes along, but essentially you just stock the products you researched and hit the FFW button.You can add restaurants, a bowling alley, and a theatre to your mall, but they feel like more of ""tack ons"" than anything.There's no incentive to have a great mall design, or stock certain items together. I literally made one giant store with one entrance/exit and put fresh food beside laundry detergent  and video games. People still bought everything and within a couple hours I was a millionaire.The staff statistics don't matter. A person with a high cashier rating seems to perform just as well as someone with a low cashier rating, and even if you force them to work 15 hour work days, they never quit.Even if you read the customer logs, it doesn't make sense. ""Customer A is looking for lingerie, can't resist buying DVDs, customer is leaving store."" So they came to the store looking for lingerie, but were tempted to buy DVDs and left without buying their lingerie?  Again, counterintuitive to ""tempting"" people with great products, because they abandon the first thing they were interested in.Overall, it's a really cool concept and might be a good game in a few years. As of now it's just a shell of a game that seems impossible to lose and offers no incentives or challenges. You will have seen everything the game has to offer within 3 hours."
76561198025317898,Recommended,521150,26512841,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,jarcher1991,"It's wierd, but for the last several years, I have felt that there was a void in the gaming market where business/tycoon games are concerned. When I was a kid, I adored SimTower, The Sims 2 'open for business' (Yes, two Sim titles in a row, sue me), Zoo Tycoon, and (God Forbid) The original Mall Tycoon.As an adult, I found each of the above titles neigh impossible to locate/run on modern systems. It really bothered me that no-one was releasing the old classics, or making a new generation of my kind of business managment sims.Now we have Prison Architect, Project Highrise, and finally Another Brick in the Mall.Understand, this game is in early access, as Steam should make you well aware. It's not finished. There are things that are ugly, things that are not terribly intuitive, and things that clearly need varying levels of polish.But, by God, it works.I can see that the developer(s) has the framework laid for what could easily be an epic business management sim. It's great to be able to design, manage, and oversee a retail/dining facility. Something I always wanted. I also connect with it, because as much as I love Prison Architect and Project Highrise, I'll never (I'm pretty sure) design a maximum security detention facility, or a skyscraper. But I have had plans for opening a retail outlet and a restaurant at different phases of my life. That being said, it has some elements that are inspired from the mechanics of both Prison Architect, and even RimWorld. And after a basic tutorial, it's not hard to pick yourself up and move forward on your own.Theres no reason not to go ahead and pick this up and enjoy what you can. I like experimenting with different things, and am anxiously waiting for the big updates down the road!"
,Recommended,521150,33810615,Posted: 26 July,all,Dranged,"Ever since the sims 2 open for business I have wanted a game that comes similar to that style of gameplay where you can manage a store, hire and fire employee's. This game almost fits that bill but of course has a different play style from that. At only $13 you can't go wrong.I recommend this game as it is still early access and so far I haven't encountered any ground breaking bugs. The game is fun but the problem comes with a lack of challenges and sometimes I feel like I'm just watching the screen. It needs more depth to it.Here's some things I would like to see come to Another Brick in the Mall-More employee management options, ability to promote employee's to say supervisors or ability to add management.-Though this game has steam workshop it only has language and malls to choose from. I would love for the ability to add custom objects to the game to bring some more variety.-Ability to move objects without having to delete it and replace it.-More events that may make the game more challenging like maybe shop lifting and adding security for instance, or inability to get certain products.-More placeable objects and maybe shopping carts.-Adding different employee uniforms or dress codes, more customizations of the workplace would be a nice feature.-Misbehaving employee's.. So far I haven't found any real reason to fire anybody.-A new clock system, right now trying to figure out employee schedules is kind of a pain, also being able to change from 24hr clock to a 12hr would be nice.I really like this game, there just isn't much content to it but I'll give it a break due to it being early access because it is a fun game. But at it's current price point and a strong foundation to build off of it is currently well worth it."
,Recommended,521150,32449836,Posted: 15 June,all,lamb,So far so good. I've definitely enjoyed the time I've put into this game so far and I'm excited to see where the game is headed since what's here so far is fun. I even saw that my biggest con (not being able to move items) is being worked on for a future update so really nice work so far. Fun store management game.
,Not Recommended,521150,26479515,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,DavidM,"In the current state I can't recommend it.-After just 5 hours I unlocked everything, I'm swimming in money and have no motivation to accomplish anything else.-The game is not very deep; there is no real strategy as to how to position certain products as it seems to be irrelevant. But it has some depth in the wrong place that feels unnecessary and just makes things annoying; like when you hire workers they have lots of variables you need to check. This gets especially annoying when you have big shops and need to hire like 15 people at once.-The interface feels like its way way more complicated than it should be. When I'm about to create a new shop it's this feeling of ""oh no, not again all those menus"" because it's so complicated.-There are no particularly satisfying moments; I can't remember I ever felt like I accomplished something cool. The things you can upgrade are mostly just new products to sell and they don't change anything in the way you play. You just put up another shelf with a new product, that's it."
76561198204993445,Recommended,521150,31006762,Posted: 7 April,all,tootiecornet4,"Ok. So Let me break down this game. First and probably most importantly, I am currently playing this game on version 0.2.2.2, so the review is based on what i have experienced on that update, so if the game is updated things i say might have   been tweaked, changed, or overhauled. To the review!This game as a whole to sum up in one word: Awesome. For a game that is simple, top down simulator, styling similar to Prison Architect, but having very different mechanics it truly amasies me that the game is in early access. ABIM (i will not type out this games title it is TOO LONG!) has already gained my £10 within the first 60 minutes. The amount of content provided is huge and this game is clearly designed to have more. Furthermore the game has features a very, and i mean very small file size (300mb) being one of, if not, the smallest file i have ever seen on steam which is a bonus.Time for the Pros/Cons.Pros:Low Storage spaceRuns BeautifullyDecent graphicsGood TutorialMultiple Routes - Dont have to go along the same 'tech tree', gives free choice of what you want to build.Dynamic Tycoon - things change so you have to manage them, but its not overwhelming.Cons:Confusing Interface - after learning it, its understandable but its not ideal.Lacking graphical options.Lacking audio options - Quite a needed one this one as the builders are very loud.Some menus seem to be empty - likely for future content.OverviewGame Score out of 10: 8/10 - Would Highly recommend.This game has a massive potential and if the developers continue to work on this, and no doubt they will, it will become the next Prison Architect, and then some."
,Recommended,521150,26637422,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Foxy,"Great little game! I would suggest adding a ""sell your market"" option where you get maybe 25-50% of the building value you spent on the store and can then start with that money with a clean slate... that way once your first little market looks like a weird patchwork something, you can get a fresh start but with all the research and some of the money still intact and build the 2nd market real nice from the start!"
,Recommended,521150,27822625,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,omony,"I like it! Simple simulation game with some nice management solutions. You build a huge store-cinema-restaraunt system. It's not really a mess - you divide the whole system into concrete businesses, manage staff there. You look after global variables, demand and decide what to do further. If you every studied queueing theory (mathematics), you'll definetely enjoy this practice.The things that I want to be improved in the game:- Some things are not obvious and not documented.- To be honest, you do not manage procurement cycle, do not invest money in items. For this type of the game a procurement office with funds limit would be a very interesting solution.- The UI is raw. It works and it is in proper place. However, it's not cute.- I want to design territory, optimize visitors routes, place ""entrace/exit only"" doors, build busses / travalators. At the moment it is modeled automatically and it looks that there is not idea in any fine planning. You can build a logistical monster and it would work.- No music. However I run it windowed mode and listen to any other playlist. You'll never do a playlist better than a man's favourite."
76561198007490346,Recommended,521150,32593281,Posted: 20 June,all,Estelle Bright,"Waw. What a promising game. It's still in early access and many good things have still to come but waw.Ok, it is a very good experience that I have had with this one. it's like those tycoon games that take the path opened by Introversion Games and their gam : Prison Architect. You can feel it and this is seriously not a problem, because we have a different theme, we have something more interesting and this is just very good.Some things that will have to be changed however (and I don't doubt that the dev's are already aware of most of them) :- I had a problem : I wanted to open a shop later in the night, I hired new cashiers, but forgot to set their working schedule correctly so the shop did stay open two hours without any staff member...but... I have seen customers entering the opend shop, getting excited about an item or another and just leaving the shop... ou know, this is the same animation  every customer do before going to the cashier...so I think I've been stolen... apparently... but the game doesn't seem to manage that sort of situation so it didn't end with a loss of money but those kind of managment mistakes give some funny situations.- Some of my staff members (Cinema cashiers to be honest), when their shift is ended, just exit the building through the door instead of taking the door... strange because none of my employees in restaurants and shops do that...- the office workers have not a lot to do in you shopping center, apart from researching new products and facilities, but they will maybe end up like the staff members of PA who are mandatory to be able to manage the opening hours, etc.- I don't complain about strict content (products to sell, facilities, etc.) because it's obvious this content is going to arrive soon or laterWhat I would like to say is : if you have a few spare bucks and look for some nice tycoon game, knowing it's unfinished and yet enjoying, then, give it a try, it deserves it. Good game to everyone."
,Recommended,521150,31138104,Posted: 14 April,all,Skype_of_Cthulhu,"Followed a member of my staff through the workday.As she left work, she went to the nearest bus stop.The first bus to pull up, did not take on any passengers. Instead everyone waiting was equipped with what looked like sub sandwiches, and then the game crashed.A++, just the experience I was looking for in an early access game.Seriously though... Another Brick in the Mall is a lot like similar games that started their lives in early access, such as Prison Architect. There are bugs. Lots and lots of bugs. The game frequently ends up crashing. And it is in sore need of A LOT of optimalization.If having to kill a process via task manager, and having to start it up and load from last autosave, costing you up to three minutes of game time, is something that makes you scream ""WORST GAME EVER!"" and demand refunds, then do not get this game. It is not for you.Underneath all that, there's an interesting little game to be found. One that will hopefully get better as the developers adds content and kills off the worst bugs."
76561197968501835,Recommended,521150,26475619,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,MrAllthat,"So far I have tried 3 different store layouts and have enjoyed the game greatly.  I found that in it's current state it is very difficult if not impossible to make a big box store.  My best and most profitable setup was a bunch of very small stores with only a couple different products in each and around 3 registers.  This would basically be a typical strip mall.Pros:-Fun game if you like building and management sims-Lots of different products to sell even this early in development-Simple graphics that don't make it confusing (some games try to be too pretty and it ends up being more difficult to build)-Easy to pick up but hard to put down.-Lots of potential with future updates that are already apparent looking at the framework that has been layedCons:-Scheduling system is a nightmare for anything with more then 5 or so employees.  We need horizontal blocks showing who is working when. Look at something like Kronos that is used in real world scheduling.-Impossible to make a large store that functions efficiently-One storage per store-Can't rotate anything (this needs to be a priority)-Shelves can only be stocked and filled from below (see above)-Build menu needs a complete revamp before more is added-No ability to select multiple shelves to assign product to them-Can't move objects you have placed, which forces you to remove and place new onesOverall I think this game will be really good with another year or so of development.  If you aren't into watching early access games grow as you play them, then I suggest waiting a while to pick it up."
,Recommended,521150,29705706,Posted: 4 February,all,blakus,"I like this game, enjoyable just to play for something to do... I can see what it could become as the development continues on it.I would love to see more complex economics which could challenge the player more e.g down turns and up turns in the way people spend money and on what. when times are good they buy tvs and electric goods but when bad they don't.Transport options? like subway/tram/bus areasMore themes for stores. medical centre, sports store, gaming store, car wash, car sales? but im sure the developer has these things in mind just will take time and once these other things come online it will be amazing!I hope they keep up the good work and looking forward to updates.... give them time.. don't slam the little guy for trying!"
,Recommended,521150,26404727,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tomwazere,"Okay so over an hour in and a few things you will be sure to notice:(Please note that the game is still in Early Access and I'd imagine a lot of the 'cons' I list are likley to be addressed)Pros:It's very fluid, easy to grasp and all in all quite a casual Mall/shop builder/managment game. Everythig that is in the game makes sense and is very basic in terms of gameplay. You can manage everything from what is on your shop shelves to opening hours and your staff at any given point of the day. If you enjoy shop managment games then this is a quirky but a great addition.Cons:The micromanagment can quickly become tedious if you look to build on a large scale or have lot's of stores running. Where you have to individually hire lots of staff and pick what each shelf holds, the game is definatly meant for starting out small and taking things slowly so I wouldn't dream of having a massive mall any time soon, which is a con based on your intended play style.There are obviously few objectes in the game for you to use/build with (which makes sense considering it is early access).In all I'd reccommend it based on the potential it has, it has great building blocks in place and the idea is clearly there. Makes me think of Mall Tycoon meets Prison Architect. It is very playable and I'm likley to put a few more hours into this build of the game at least. However it will take time to get a big mall up and running.If this was at all helpful I've recorded a quick 5 min video showing the opening and tutorial if you were sat on the fence whether to get this game now and what you actually do.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KC0GnjxAUKk"
,Recommended,521150,32802535,Posted: 25 June,all,Octaeveus,"Even in its current state (early stages), I would have to say it is worth the money spent.So far, I have had a good 40 hours invested now, and have enjoyed it thouroughy, but, as said, it is in its early stages and there is minimal you can do or improve on in the game, once all gets up and going in your mall.This game honestly has sooooo much potential, and the Dev's were quick to respond to an issue I had encountered and are now working on it. <3Fun little game, for those who like builder/management style, games."
,Recommended,521150,28337016,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Razzismus,"--- EARLY ACCES REVIEW ---At this state of the game you cannot do very much to be honest..I played a while, but now I have seen all the content and have to wait for updates.Even though I have to wait for updates, I can recommend this game.If you like Simulation games like Prison Architect you can buy this!"
,Recommended,521150,26411456,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Swampfist,interesting game....needs some polishing but thats to be expected as its in early release.pro:pink floyd reference in the titlesmoth gameplayinteresting twist on the mechanics of managment gamescon:sound (hopefully the sound is just placeholders...it makes me cringe when a car sound happens)bugs aplenty.
,Recommended,521150,26473968,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Ultrae Vires,"If you enjoyed Prison Architect, this is right up your street.For an early access game, I was pleseantly surprised. While there isn't currently loads of features, the core game enables you to play for hours on end and develop your retail park / mall. Space is currently a bit of a problem, given you cannot rotate objects yet, meaning you only have one shelf aisles! Updates are in the pipe line.I will be enjoying this game's progress and wish the devs good luck."
,Recommended,521150,33138877,Posted: 2 July,all,yukisnow78,"Promising for eraly access and that is why I am giving the game a thumbs up.That said the game needs som serious developement to bloom fully, as it looks now it severely lacks complexity and is way to shallow and simple. It looks complex at first glance but in never actually manifests itself during gameplay.Pros+ Decent UI, planning the store layout is quite fulfilling and the UI is helpful in this regard+ Graphics are cute and not to gritty for an indie game+ Good theme that has a lot of promise+ The statistics interface is quite well doneCons- Too simplistic and lacks strategic depth. Thaere are a few concepts with the most complex being the tiered demand concept, and once you have understood them there is no further challenge as there is too little interaction between the games srategic elements to provide sufficient complexity. Also the complexity does not increase towards the endgame but rather the other way around. ONce you have a decent baseline income, which is simple, there is very little to do do apart from adding additional stores until all demands are met.- Too barebones. The map is huge but once you have built all there is to build you have covered about 1/8 of the map. At the moment there is only one variety of restaurant for example but the game seems to be designed with more in mind. There are just a few things to build apart from the store elements and many of them seem to have no appparent function (ATM, Water Cooler, Shrubbery, Plants etc)- Too predictable. Literaly nothing happens. No events, no decisions, no choices other in what order to research build your stores and which demand to meet first etc. I have only identified one event that may happen and that is sometimes a staff member will not show up for work but this is pointless because first of all you are not propmted or told in any way and second there is nothing to do as a reaction to the event.- Not enough soul. Again the game hints that individual employees and visitors have different personalities, traits etc but this does not in any way actually manifest in gameplay terms. They all have names, specific traits etc but ultimately there is no actual interaction with staff or guests and any discernable personality soon disappears in a flurry of visitors and staff members.- No inventory or resource management.  Again the game HINTS that this would be an element, I can be smart and build my stores around a centrally placed storage near a loading bay but ultimately I still have to hire a separate store clerk for every individual store and the deliveries just come an fill up the storage at lightning speed at any time of the day. There is literaly no way to run out of storage and you dont even pay for it but instead you have a ""profit margin"" on every sold item. So there is not purchasing/procurement element, no resource management and no real logistics challenge around storage management apart from storage clerk travel time between store and storage. Very shallow.The above said I think the game has a lot of promise and I hope the devs put effort into increasing the complexity and add more elements to the gameplay. The game needs it badly."
76561198038553822,Recommended,521150,30575233,Posted: 17 March,all,Alt075,I love building games.  I really like the idea of building malls. I love that the eyes of the people will show hearts on them when they see something they love. haha. To darn cute. At first it did not seem like you would be able to make many different store with what you have. But that really isn't true. You can make quite a few different stores. Some things I find frustrating are I can't figure out how to get the bathrooms to work. I do believe this is a early access game? I would like to see some better tutorials on how to play this game. That would make it much better. I would also think it would be cool to have steam workshop if possible to add on more stuff? Would that be possible? So far great game. I'm really enjoying it. :) I would highly recommend this game.
76561197990070543,Not Recommended,521150,35328020,Posted: 30 September,all,sharpy,Has promise but limited at the moment due to slow updates. I would hold off buying for now as i cant help feeling like its on the verge of being abandoned.Wait for updates to speed up or for the game to be a bit more complete.
76561198304243110,Recommended,521150,26711212,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Mark Ellis,"so far i have thoroughly enjoyed playing this game the genreal feel is very nice.Though it needs more features like a marketing feature to promote your commercial i hope this will come in Alpha or Betaalso more commercial options rather than just Fast food restraunt, movie theatre and supermarket as this limits you to what you can do and it would help i there were a rotate option.overall summary: Great Game"
76561197987848371,Recommended,521150,33181822,Posted: 3 July,all,V.,"First things first: the game is great. Great idea, put together with love. The basics are done well, but it does need more content yet.I bought the game during the summer sale in July 2017. ~10 Euros.I am a huge fan of this particular simulation genre and have a history with it. I never was into building stuff nicely and putting too much work into the looks - but into getting stuff to work and seeing the numbers rise.Another brick in the Mall has the potential to satisfy both of these needs of a simulation-nerd at the same time. At the current state however, it does not have enough content to bond me for a longer period of time. i played some hours in one game, have built everything there is to built and have understood enough of the managment, to have a big plus at the end of each day. The only thing i could do now, is uild up the whole (huge) map with the same type of shops and venues. Boredom incoming.For now, the developers are on the road to a very good game - they will need to add more content (different shops, more products, more objects, more and different restaurants etc.) to keep me playing. I can see the game being complicated (which a game in this genre needs to be, to be a good game) but for that it does need more content.Since this is in Alpha-state im looking forward to what the future brings. I hope they do not abandon this - its promising and has its very own style and flair."
76561198296786355,Recommended,521150,31873385,Posted: 20 May,all,shawka3,"A great, relaxing, addictive game, that feels like a cross between Project Highrise and a very very easy version of Rimworld. There is a lot of room for expansion, and I'm excited to see what they come up with. I got a good 15 hours of enjoyment out of this before I felt like I had experienced all the game had to offer.Basically, once you get your research going and install an electronics or jewelry store you won't have any more cash flow problems, so there is very little challenge in that regard. It is slightly more difficult to manage your stores and employees, but once you figure out how to balance employee hours for one store, it becomes pretty easy to apply those same principles to the rest of the mall. Another challenge is to fulfill product demand on multiple tiers (""tier three"" being speciality shops that feature more than 50% of one item - ""women's shoes"" for example). This feature is an ongoing struggle that gives the game a bit more longevity, but I didn't really feel there was much payoff when I actually started up successful tier 3 stores. It was slightly anticlimatic.Areas for improvement:-More input on customer needs/wants, and more engagement with the environment. For example, in Rimworld, your colonists will respond more positively to certain decorative features. In ABITM you can ""decorate"" with different types and colours of floor tiles, but this has no effect, so it feels like a pointless thing to do. Expanding decorative options that entice different levels of customers to different tier stores would be awesome.-A drag to highlight or control and click feature so that you can set the stock for multiple shelves/fridges/tables. Right now you have to right click every shelf and set the product. For tier 3 stores this can get tedious.-Being able to click on your stores and have the management screen come up. Currently, you have to click on the management toolbar and scroll until you find the store in the list. This gets annoying when you have 30 stores.-A more intuitive ""needs"" screen. I kind of eventually figured out that the blue indicates the level of needs being met, and yellow indicates demand. Maybe include a short tutorial or legend for this? More information and detailed stats re: customer needs and demands would also be great.-More variety in terms of restaurants and entertainment (obviously - I have no doubt this is on the way, but it kind of detracts from the game at the moment). Mini golf! Arcade! Day care! Dare I say, indoor water park?!-in the vein of Roller Coaster Tycoon, a feature that allows you to set the area that certain staff take care of, so that you don't have janitors wandering around randomly and can assign them particular stores or spaces. And although your employees gradually improve their skills in whatever area they end up working, an option to spend money to train or discipline employees would be interesting.-customer pathways, more options for outdoor decor and park spaces."
76561198006696462,Recommended,521150,33586870,Posted: 16 July,all,Emphino,Overall  this game is enjoyable and although in early access has much promise if the devs remain dedicated  and continue to expand the game All this said i only havea few  hours under my belt.ProsShort IntroWell PacedCheapEarly Access/PotentialConsCrashesNot much content
,Recommended,521150,29349803,Posted: 18 January,all,BlackHawk,"Really early access... Don't expect much polish. That being said, this is exactly what it says it is. The ability to customize yoru worker shifts and product selections to fit demand is very interesting! Looking forward to the future of it. Worth $13!"
,Recommended,521150,26404191,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Logicbomb,"Ruff around the edges but lots of fun to be had.  If you enjoy Simulation builders then this is worth it. Just don't forget it's EA and you might have to wait it out for awhile. Right now you can't even rotate objects, which is annoying and makes planning out a building really hard, but I am sure it will be something added soon."
76561198035595508,Recommended,521150,31635580,Posted: 8 May,all,BooFrickingVu,"I have always loved these sort of management games along the lines of Rimworld or Prison Architect. I admit I was skeptical upon purchasing ABINM due to its alpha stages and my history of not trusting Early Access games to come to finish. But I also determine the value of my games of being that if I spend at least an hour playing per dollar on a game it's well worth it. I purchased ABINM when it was on sale for 10 dollars. Coincidentally, my first playthrough of it over the weekend was just over 10 hours. I couldn't believe how much time I'd spent on the game.It ran incredibly smooth for me on a GTX950 and an i3 6100 at over 200 FPS. If you're familiar with the games of Rimworld or Prison Architect, ABINM gives me a similar satisfaction akin to those games. In Rimworld, the fun is with building structures and homes for these little people that you get to take care of. You get to see them develop and hunt and grow. Another Brick In The Mall is not quite like that (or at least not yet ;D), but it offers a similar feeling of growth in that you are to build a mall, and satisfy the people that come to it, who may not be completely sure why they're at your mall. You may need more checkout counters or more space or a specific tier of product. It's a bit of a visual puzzle that I enjoy.This being said, the game is very much so in Alpha. I'm giving it a recommendation right now simply because it's enjoyable as it is, and while skimming through the patch history I believe that the game will grow into something great."
,Recommended,521150,28682256,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,7499275,"I think this is only the 2nd review I've ever wrote on steam (been here for years) and I gotta say it is an amazing game!Before I go into the pro's and con's I made a video review and playthrough which I will just leave here...https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOi-FCHGZ0YPro's- The art style is beautiful, kinda like prison architect.-simple gameplay mechanics- Tycoon and simulation style blended perfectly.-Dev that is still active! '-Multiple business types you can open up-Manage a lot of aspectsCon's-its still early access, lacking features for the time being-Not enough micromanaging although I think I read the dev is adding more micromanaging features."
,Recommended,521150,26404554,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Wulf,"Really enjoying it so far, I'm a sucker for micromanagement games and this one has alot of it. There is no story ( not needed ) just sandbox mode, you start with a brief tutorial, explaining the basics and from then on you're on your own. As far as building goes you have full freedom, although some object would benefit from being able to rotate them ( I'm sure this will be added ).Pros:- Lot's of micromanagement, from layout to zoning, product placement on shelves, work hours and more.- It's very entertaining to watch a day play out whilst everyone buzzes around.- Fair amount of content for EA: Research, various business types, experiment with optimal layoutsCons:- Lack of overall sounds: I play with music on because there are very little sound prompts in the game atm.- Bad user interface: The drop down menu on the right is very annoying to work with but work scheduling is the worst, the graph for work hours doesn't show the entire day which is annoying for planning, having to do it worker by worker seperatly needs a re-work aswell in my opinion- Expected early access bugsNOTE: As this game is still in EA and just released as of this writing, all these statements are prone to change."
,Recommended,521150,31508734,Posted: 2 May,all,SkibDen,Not really that playable - on a long term basis - at the moment (0.3.0.2) but it sure does have a lot of potential..I'm looking forward to following this game
76561198099871109,Recommended,521150,30232956,Posted: 27 February,all,Starrywarz,"I really enjoy this game. It is a freeform mall-building game in which you can build the mall however you like as long as you have the money. Over time more items are unlocked, this is done purely off of time and you can choose what you want to research or it will just go down the list.Personally, I wish it wouldn't automatically research, but give you a notification like the ones for goals met, etc. that reminds you to set the new research. (Or if not that a queue of 2-3 of your choice would be wonderful)I like the amount of detail that goes into the management of the stores, and characters. I have often spent 20 minutes or more paused trying to work out a schedule for one of my stores so I can maximize profits while not losing customers.So far I have only heard of bugs and not run into any, with the exception of the bowling alley and movie theatre not working quite right...As this game gets developed and more content is added, I am sure I will be able to continue to play for hours on end!"
,Recommended,521150,29484960,Posted: 25 January,all,iMarkeh,"Fantastic game so far. It has a long way to go like being able to rotate more items and make staff hours easier but generally, I really really like the game. I just wish people would go bowling and to the cinema a bit more but instead they all crowd into one or two shops. Also they get impatient very quickly. Employees are regularly late. Roads should be customiseable so you can set whether delivery trucks can go down them or not and also be able to lay staff and delivery roads like shortcuts in a way to help. Also staff dont park in allocated staff parking, most of them just park anywhere. Generally a cool game and I cant wait for it to be completed."
,Recommended,521150,26716745,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Ziawhit {GB},"This is an excellent game. To be honest when i first started playing it i was a little unsure but once you get to grips with the game, then you can really let rip. Obviusly this game is still a bit buggy, but i think once they are sorted the game has huge potential.. So glad i purchased, and now looking forward to seeing what these dev's can really do."
76561197997036593,Recommended,521150,26433711,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,de_fire,"Great game!You can build your own shopping mall, with a lot of different variations.pros:Good gameplay, but still room for improvementsEasy to learnSimple UI that isn't overcomplicated, but could still use some more polishing.Lots of space to build on, so you can create huge super marketsLots of opportunities to be creaticvecons:sound, there is no ambient music, only sound effectsYou can't turn objects, so you are limited in how to set up your storeThere is a lot of development options for this game, like adding security systems and guards to big shopping malls, adding commercials, and fixing some of the cons in the game.All in all it's a solid game, and i'm looking forward to see the progress from the developers."
76561198037338615,Recommended,521150,33333014,Posted: 6 July,all,Krisco,"Bought game, took 2 minutes to download, started playing at 6 PM. Looked at clock again its 1AM and I have to work in 5 hours. Fell asleep planning my mall. Clunky at first but beutiful."
76561198030931191,Recommended,521150,28261586,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,agentallamerican44,"Excellent casual game, I know it's early access with many more features to come, but I've enjoyed the gameplay so far. I like the detail in products you can sell, the different fixtures, and even the expiration dates on the perishable products. Has a neat art style, fun tycoon gameplay, and can't wait for future updates."
76561198070377447,Recommended,521150,34098019,Posted: 8 August,all,GrandMal,"Quite a funny game you can spend some hours on... Many cool details and so on. Here's the ""but"": No matter how long you force your empolyees to work, how hungry, thirsty they become and so on - it doesn't effect the game and so it becomes much too easy.So I'd really love to have somestaff roomwhere they can get to to have a break and recharge."
,Recommended,521150,26410054,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,BlueFoot,"For this game being in early release it is very good, yes it doesn't have music yet and its missing some crucial sound effects, and it has a few frustrating features that takes a bit to get used to (one being the lack of being able to rotate objects), but once you put on some AC/DC or some other music you may like in the background and give it some time you will begin to get hooked on the game, and you may find your self filling the giant map that you start with.I would definitely suggest this game to anybody who likes the prision architect style top down builder games.If you want to see if this game is the one for you check out my trial video, where I try it for the first time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQymBAyHQjM"
76561198238676314,Recommended,521150,31512644,Posted: 2 May,all,Jorgschellens,"# What are the pros? #- The workload for employees is very well done and very realistic.- When you remove an area, the staff members also get fired, which saves you work.- Info bubbles that appear at the bottom are very clear.- Builders have a great way of building things. It takes them a while which is really realistic.- Research is realistic, as it is done by man-houres.# What are the cons? #- Because foundations can only be 4x4, you can't make a hallway, so I would like to have it reduced to 3x3 so you can make hallways.- When you hire people it will last 1 day before they come to work, even if they are hired before their work time.- People immediately leave the store as it closes, but I think staff should help them without letting other people in.# What could be improved? #- I would like to have the tripple speed button to make the time go faster.- Sound fading/increasing while zooming would be a great improvement for the realisctic aspect.# Conclusion: #Another Brick In The Mall is a great mall building and managing simulator. It succeeds for a few hours of fun, but then it lacks of options and you are going to be bored because building a restaurant (or bowling alley) will take some time. The game will need some more improvements. But it will get there! However you might want to buy it in a later development stage, it's a game to look out for!"
,Recommended,521150,26418661,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,..G3M,"Not too many features currently, but solid gameplay and looking forward to when they add more!"
,Recommended,521150,31539448,Posted: 4 May,all,ajonas06,"This has the potential to be a pretty decent game, but it still has a way to go. After starting over several times, I've finally started making a profit, although it took me a while. I don't know whether this is because I'm not very good or whether it's just quite challenging. I'm now at a stage where I don't really want to play much more as it takes so long to generate any money. I've left it running in the background for a good portion of my playing time whilst I try to get the money to build new foundations, which are pretty expensive! Even taking out a loan doesn't leave you with much money after building a big enough foundation for a new shop.Some suggestions:- The 2x and 3x speed options should be faster- A campaign mode would be great, with different scenarios in different malls (e.g. low funds, large rat problems, huge funds to turn derelict mall into thriving one, limited builders)- Possibly a variable difficulty, making it easier to generate profit or starting with a little more cash- An improved UI is needed, it's a bit messy. I'd personally prefer the menu at the bottom. The tabs 'Build', 'Assign' etc, could go bottom left corner, in a column, and clicking one could open up a bar along the bottom with tabs above to refine (e.g. the tabs above could be for Roadwork, Objects, etc., with all of the choices for each of these categories in the bar below). Then, the little notifications could appear on the left where they would be much more noticeable.- An advertising option could be useful for increasing customers and profits, even if just for a short time.Overall, it's a decent game. However, at this early stage, it doesn't warrant a huge amount of playing time as you can leave it on in the background without needing to do anything to generate money, but this takes far too long. Maybe I just haven't done very well!"
76561198085204276,Recommended,521150,26527462,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,j_franca_22,Wonderfull old school managing game. Bought it for me and my fiancee and we can't stop playing in both laptops... For a early access game it has loads to do and to try!If need help translating to Portuguese i can help!
76561198132906320,Recommended,521150,26617892,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Studejour,"It's a fun little game for sure, and I'd reccomend buying it if you're into simulation games as it's a great little game.In terms of its early development I think it just needs more assignments or challenges.  I feel like this game could totally be like a Rollercoaster Tycoon of Mall Building if it added scenarios, challenges, and goals you need to meet besides the already available ""Serve 500 Customers"" etc.I think they are going to be adding those things though, so I look forward to those changes.For now it's a little too easy to start making lots of money right away after only a few ""In Game Days"" go by.Fun game though, check it out and try it, it's fun."
76561198054477553,Recommended,521150,30824033,Posted: 29 March,all,beanieofficial,"I like this game alot, First few days i got bored, now i like it alot more because i learned more about the game, So much more needs adding like security guards, many more items, i have never seen anyone use the cash machine or the janitors water the planets or clean the toilets? i would like to be able to like build separate shops and stores like a fruit shop for example, please add a train station, they is just so many more items and suggestions people want i think they will be added soon, i will continue to support this game because the shops and features can be endless i dont mind paying for some updates if the features added are good enough, the hours when the stafff work is also confusing at times.overalll 8/10 but it could be a 9/10 and its only early acess game but pretty much a full game with limited features currently"
76561198022396237,Recommended,521150,31282503,Posted: 21 April,all,matt.hodges09,"I love the game.  Even in early stages, it keeps me busy for a while.  I like that It is simple on the surface yet challenging and always changing.  In the future I would like to see more business types (night clubs, upscale resturants, sports/outdoor stores).  Also, various types of fast food would bring a new dynamic to the game.  More depth with the movies would as well (changing the movies as they become less popular, consessions counters).  This game has the potential to explode with the endless possiblities.Thus far, I have not seen too many bugs in the game.  I will say that I do not like that you do not have the ability to move objects once they are bought.  Expanding a profitable store makes it difficult if you can not re-arrange.  Also, in the future, I would like the ability to purchase land to expand my surroundings.Overall, Great Job guys! Keep up the good work."
76561198305741403,Recommended,521150,28894722,Posted: 1 January,all,Scifiwriterguy,"We all have games that sit on our wishlists until they're gathering dust. They look good, but do I take a chance on it? So they sit, gathering dust. This one was a wishlist resident for me for a while. Then, one day, I broke down and bought it.If only I'd done so sooner.Another Brick in the Mall (ABM from here on out) is a builder/tycoon style game that puts you in charge of a mall complex-to-be. Starting with an empty field, you have the power to shape your commercial empire as you see fit. Do you want a collection of separate shopping buildings? One megamall? Two smaller malls? A mall with a bunch of pad sites out in the parking lot? How do you want that parking lot, while we're on the subject? Amazingly, ABM actually lets you make all these decisions. It's a fantastically granular sim, where you not only lay out parking areas and structure locations, but also gets you down into the nitty-gritty of setting out displays and what each will be selling, ensuring that shops have access to adequate stockroom space to hold inventory, managing customer lines (queues), and ALL of the other details that an actual commercial magnate needs to pay attention to.It's a lot of juggling. Luckily, there's a nicely-designed alert system which, paired with an equally nice data reporting system, keeps you on top of what's going on.In short, it's just what a builder gamer LOVES to see. Big picture, little picture, and plenty of flavor and options.Now, there are some flaws. I'm not in love with the art direction the developers chose (the goofy expressions on the oversize heads just annoy me), but that's me personally - the devs have the right to make their own art choices. Happily, displays and structure art are quite lovely as they are, so it strikes a balance.The rest of the things I'm not exactly grooving on come from this being an early access game. There's still work to be done, and the developers seem to know it. No edge-scrolling yet, some wonky pathing (like my fast food servers LEAPING over the counter to run a pass pattern to the warmer which was right next to their starting point), and some other odds and ends that need some sanding and painting. So if you're one of those gamers who demands everything be just so in everything you play, then hold off on this one - but favorite it so you don't forget it's out there.The bottom line: For all the builder/tycoon/business gamers, ABM is a wonderful game that has already burnt hours of my life and is set to obliterate many more. How much am I enjoying it? Well, there's a still-sealed copy of Watchdogs 2 sitting next to me wondering what just happened and why I'm ignoring it. Yeah...ABM is that good. Give it a try; you won't regret it."
76561197971262824,Recommended,521150,26450274,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Brans,"First off, it is clearly stated that this is an Early Access game.  It is clearly stated that you can only access shelves from below.  This is definitely an Early Access game, but it's also very playable.A few things I really like about this game so far.  First, I like that staff have shifts and you have to manage when to bring them in to help the peak hours of business.  This feature is implemented really well so far.Second, I like that staff improve their ability the more they actually perform that job.  Nothing new, but works with the system in place.Lastly, I like how well the game is running on larger maps.  That is something that a lot of EA games don't make a priority but it looks like it was one to the dev.A few things I'm hoping for...depth.  Relationships with coworkers? Managers to improve efficiency? Shoplifting or similar ""disasters"".  Either way, I'm excited for the direction and hope it gets the attention and development it deserves."
76561197980259715,Recommended,521150,26410382,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Arigitine,For early access game it run very well no crashes or game breaking bug after 10 hour of game play. It very fun game and can’t wait to see where game developers take it. Keep up great work Quadsphere.
76561198031619927,Recommended,521150,30564201,Posted: 16 March,all,Pidog,This game even in early access is pretty great and with a little work I think this will be an astonishing game.
,Recommended,521150,29202748,Posted: 12 January,all,The Hopfot,"I've recorded a couple of videos of this game. Really enjoying it. If you like tycoon games, this could be for you.Link to my first video.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Cuo615saiA"
,Recommended,521150,29595603,Posted: 30 January,all,tieio,"Right now this game is very basic and there is not a lot to do, but there is enough to make it fun to play. Once you get through the basic setup of it all it is a charming little management game. I look forward to a lot more content in the future, as of this moment this is a game you want to get on sale."
,Recommended,521150,33964909,Posted: 1 August,all,GSP,Fun for a few hours but way too easy at this point
,Not Recommended,521150,32824193,Posted: 26 June,all,Valeara,I disliked this game. This game is indeed a complex simulation but lacks in many aspects. You can easily wait about 3 hours to build new objects or buildings - or risk going bankrupt. Then you'd have the option to play with unlimited funds but where's the fun in that? There is a lot of potential in the game but even the original rollercoaster tycoon requires less waiting than this game.
,Recommended,521150,26404966,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,scottdoggaming,"Another Brick In The Mall is a game i have kept an eye on for a while. I love building and simulation games so this seemed right up my street.The game is in early access so it's not really fair to be to critical and to be honest there isnt much need to be critcal.The game runs smoothly, looks good in its quirky style and looks to have a reasonable amount of depth. its early days in my playthrough so will be interesting to see what its like when thousands of people are coming shopping.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cd8rNsntugU&t=3sA couple of minor gripes, the sound at this stage is very poor. so bad is it that its more annoying to have it on than anything else. Maybe the lack of music highlights the poor sounds. the ui isnt fantasic drop down menus are not really that user friendly and havent been seen in to many games since the late 90's.That being said it is early access and sounds and ui tend to be towards the latter stages of development paths.Overal i enjoyed my brief time playing it and am looking forward to playing some moe"
,Recommended,521150,26426545,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Bieber Fever,"Very fun game, although it is bare bones right now.As the Devs said themselves, if you are looking to binge play it right now, you will just get burned out.However, game has a lot of potential, and is already a good bit of fun if you aren't looking for anything too serious or with great depth. Over time, I am sure it will become a great game.Keep up the good work Devs, and help support them if you can guys."
76561198044319682,Recommended,521150,30107971,Posted: 22 February,all,lsmith946,"(Original review posted 22/2/17 - updates as noted in edits)This has the potential to be a great game, but at the moment it needs more polish (which is totally reasonable for an early access game!)It would be nice to have some sort of planning mode which would allow you to plan out your mall before you commit to building it. This is particularly important when you don't get the money or the item back if you place shelves and then want to move them later.Perhaps it's just the way I play, but the research seems to take so long that by the time it is finished I can't make use of it because I have run out of money - but perhaps I just need to play the game more and improve my approach so I don't burn through my money so fast!Edit (15/3/17): I've definitely improved with practice, I'm no longer running out money before I even get to the end of the first research which makes the game much more fun.I'll keep coming back to this game every few weeks just to try out the new additions and see how the game is progressing. It certainly has a lot more depth already than it did when it was first released as early access."
76561197970528471,Recommended,521150,26629415,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,-DI- R3dl1ne,So after playing this great game i have no real fault with it at the game has alot of room to improve and i would love to see some of these changes ive listed below but in my option on for a pre-alpha review i give this a 8/10 so far but might/will change later on when more improvements come in to playChanges i would like to see* Rotate objects* Improved UI* Improved managerment of the Work force/Staff ( atm its buggy as hell when you have too many staff 10+ on a list )* Self Service shopping Check outs for Food and drinks in the supermarket area ( maybe make the mataince Really High to counter the checkouts some thing along those lines)* Outside Floor Tilesthese are just a few i can think but so far good job dev's keep up the work i like this game alot and like to see it get a really good rating and again i would love to seesome of the changes i noted abovepeace out ! :)
,Recommended,521150,33009292,Posted: 29 June,all,South_West_Trains,This is a fun and easy to play game with a simple tutorial and even eaiser to master game mechanics. I would recomend this to casual players as something that you can pick up every no and then.
76561198030860358,Recommended,521150,34412344,Posted: 22 August,all,johnswallow,"It's a solid and playable game but lacking content at the moment which means it's not the great time-sink that it could be. Once you build a mall and fill it with everything there's little else to do other than watch the money roll in. However - I still recommend it and look forward to see how it's going to develop in due course.As a native Mac user though, I Just wish a Mac version was already available until later down the development cycle, but at least it's coming."
76561198364300752,Recommended,521150,33479270,Posted: 12 July,all,kmh8173,"If a builder creates an isolated wall or a foundation without creating a door, the game will stop abnormally. If you are doing any of the above actions, I would like you to be able to display a message such as ""Command can not be executed""."
76561198207121640,Recommended,521150,26428390,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,boothadam1089,"Been playing the game and figured out how to run a store 24/7. Need staff to come in every 8 hours have mine set for 7 hours do to traffic. Makeing about 100K a day with just 1 store, a fast food place running. The fast food is only open default time. Going to be building bowling alley and movie theatre next."
,Recommended,521150,26422888,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,✪Jortsu,"Please note that this game is still in very early alpha and will (hopefully) get a lot of updates and added content!I am really big fan of the Prison Architect game and this type of genre in general. There isn't many games worth playing in this genre, but I think this game is worth playing, atleast if you like the genre.This game itself:Pros:-Great idea.-Responsive and social developer.-Already some content and can keep you playing for 10:s of hours.-Runs well on modern computers.-Doesn't cost that much.Cons:-A lot of bugs.-The lack of content and properties.-Not worth the 13 € right now. (I think Prison architect was 3€ in the early alpha)-The 2d platform with only one layer could be somewhat limitful. (Can't build 1+ story malls)Score: 7/10, because very early alpha and the lack ofContenteverything."
,Recommended,521150,28360465,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,tman00701,Great game it needs some out side path and improvments to the roads and need a planing mode.
76561197970519978,Not Recommended,521150,31808405,Posted: 17 May,all,philosophile,"In its current state, Another Brick in the Mall isn't terribly deep.  It's a mall building simulation, where the only real challenge is at the beginning of the game.  You start spending money, and run out pretty quickly, and if you don't have a profitable mall, then its game over.  But once you're profitable, the game basically is over.  Profitability, lets you expand your mall, which almost always increases profits, which lets you expand faster, quickly making the game just an exercise in repeating what you've already done.  Before I've used up even a 1/4 of the map, I had already finished building all the ""types"" of unlockables in the game.Often the game is compared to Prison Architect, but in its current incarnation, it isn't PA.  Nothing bad happens to your mall if you walk away and leave it running.  Shoplifters don't exist.  Disasters of any sort don't seem to exist.  The biggest disaster I've seen are rats from filth left in the mall, but with enough janitors, this is never a problem.  The only other disaster I've seen is not enough parking spaces for goods to be restocked in your mall.  It can reach the point where your stores aren't restocked quickly, but it still isn't death the your mall.Of course this is Early release, and things are bound to change, but right now, I think I experienced the majority of the game in under 12 hours using two malls, neither of which had the ""cheats"" enabled where you have unlimited money or the research was already completed for you.  Neither game I came anywhere close to needing a loan.  So if I were to truly experience everything the game has to offer, I would probably need to experience the ""loan"" side of the game.I'm giving this a begrudgingly don't recommend at this time.  I enjoy the game, but I'm probably not going to put in another 12 hours into the game until the next major update."
76561198041765891,Recommended,521150,33105394,Posted: 1 July,all,Cptpain,"Given the fact this game is in early access, I can still recommend this game to a true simulation lover. Mainly on one fact at the moment. This game has the potential to become some thing amazing if the developer can pull it off properly.There are of course some bugs, it does feel very slow to begin with trying to gain a profit however give it time and you will make it. Most of my game time has been dedicated to one play through. I unlocked everything built what I could and made maximum profit."
76561198288454551,Recommended,521150,30361090,Posted: 6 March,all,Mana-Chan,"For the few hours I played this game, I must say I have enjoyed it greatly which is saying something as I have NEVER played a game that is Early Access. I like to see how games are updated and evolved before I even think about playing them. Surprisingly I am not bothered about no music playing, if anything I can concentrate more on my gameplay but when music is added I hope there will be an on/off button for it!Not had many problems, just a few where workers are turning up at the wrong times and staying longer then what is needed but I don't know if that is me as I am still trying to work out the Hour set up for workers. It would be nice if the tutorial or a tutorial could go into that and explain it in more detail as we are sort of going in a bit blind but luckly I don't mind playing around. Then again I think there should be tutorials explaining all the graphs and charts better.All in all, so far, a really good game. Somethings I would like to see be added or changed are:*'Save As' button. Saving it and typing in a name takes too long when all I want to do is save over that file.*I know this has been said many times but we really need a 'Pick up Objects' button. If we are not getting some money back for deleting an object then we need this button soon.*I don't know if it is possible but if there is a way to get a Planner/Mapper tool in the game would be great only because we have a HUGH piece of land and being able to plan out where shops and roads etc. are going will be a big help in spacing everything out better.*Pathways! The one thing that really dissapointed me was that there is no way to make pathways in the game. I know it is just a me thing but it looks so bad having the road right next to the shop lol.*Objects to have sub-categories. At the moment it is fine as there are not a lot of objects but if you are going to add more stuff (I really hope you do) then it might need a sub menu like...'Build -> Objects -> Fast Food' and then it has everything you need for only a Fast Food place.*Easier way to delete old save games. I just want to be able to click on a file and press delete. Simple hehe.*Some more transport would be cool like buses and we can set up bus stops.*Defo more stores like Arts Shop, Pet Store, Make up Shops, Flower Shop...OH maybe a farmers market!*The Research seems too easy to get, even with the amount hours it takes. Maybe you have to complete a challenge...for example, you have to have a store sell a certain about of a item before you can unlock something else.Well I think that is everything thus far but I am sure more things will pop up from time to time. I am so looking forward to the next update and to see how this game grows.Good Luck!"
,Recommended,521150,26638339,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Atreidi,"This game has great potential, especially if they implement a more complex consumer demand systems, marketing, and more importantly if they give people the right tools to mod the game in every level. I recommend this game on the basis of it's potential since as of now, 11/16/2016 it is very raw and does not offer much in terms of depth or replayability. Looking forward to playing the final product. :)"
76561198014745880,Recommended,521150,29945631,Posted: 15 February,all,Lisa2900,"While this game is an early access game, I still love it very much. They are doing updates and have come a long ways from when it first came out and when I first played it. I would recommend this game. If you don't like the early access games then wait until it is fully released. It's a great game and I enjoy it alot."
76561198348963048,Recommended,521150,30511662,Posted: 14 March,all,bhmbrandon,"I have about 12 hours into this game, and I have encountered a game breaking bug. When you get your mall to the point when there's about 1500-1800 customers on site at all times, the customers start ignoring certain cash registers. For example, I have a grocery store with about 8 or 9 cash registers, and when there are tons of customers in my store they all start piling up at one or two registers and COMPLETELY ignore the other 6 registers that are totally empty and have employees at them. From what I can tell this only happens at ""Stores"" and not ""Bowling alleys"" or ""Fast food restaurants"" or any stuff like that. I went from making 60K+ a day to only 19k to 25k. This has happened to me on multiple new malls. It's hard for me to want to play it anymore, because when I start a new game, I know that if I progress far enough this bug will show up. I do recommend this game though, it's really fun."
,Recommended,521150,29893920,Posted: 12 February,all,LordCapitan32,"Having just played under an hour my review will be not as indepth as some.If you like this type of chilled game and others such as Prision Architect, I would recommend it.  Using my limited play time I can predict that this game will keep me coming back for more and I'll have several play throughs even in the curent state of EA.I think there is so much more potential for the future of this game; thus the purchase from watching one Youtube video.Well worth it in my point of view."
76561197968593879,Recommended,521150,30482901,Posted: 12 March,all,SamHandwich,"This is already a great zen building game, and it's so early in development. I can see lots of fun things to be added to this. It's the kind of game you enjoy putting on the fastest setting and just watching everything flow."
,Recommended,521150,26514935,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mack,Amazing Game. You will probably burn out after 4 hours simply for the fact the game hasn't got a lot of depth at the moment. BUT. The core gameplay is there. The gameplay that is there is amazing and if properly implemented would provide hours of enjoyable gameplay.Worth the purchase to support this game
76561198064206553,Recommended,521150,26421011,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,SneakyGunz,"Obviously it's an Early Access title. As it is currently, you can play and have a lot of fun. Price seems legit. Can't wait for workshop intergration. Thank you to the ""The Quadsphere"" dev team for a fresh management game."
76561197994099197,Recommended,521150,26547426,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Butters,"Shows a lot of promise.  Very fun considering it is not very deep yet.  Once they add a bit more content, this game will be outstanding...very playable at its current level and well worth the price..."
,Recommended,521150,26602439,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Sir Roadwolf,"Even this early in development, this game is very playable and quite fun.  If you liked Prison Architect, you will enjoy this."
,Recommended,521150,26506715,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Yung Idol,"Video Reviewhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5k67h-lcKoPros:Good foundation and fairly easy to jump into if you've played Prison Architect or similar games.Runs well.Appears to be receiving frequent updates and bug fixes.Cons:UI is unintuitive and takes too much time clicking around to get to what you need.While the foundation is there, feaatures are severly limited right now.No object rotation (At the time of writing) which severly limits building possibilities.Conclusion:The game has a good foundation on which to build and improve on. With the frequency of bug fixes being put out currently the developer seems to have faith and care about their product. While I feel the game was released a bit too early and is lacking enough features to really make it playable for more than a day I would recommend buying butonly[/b]if you are planning on truly submitting your bug reports and suggestions to the devs. Otherwise, wait for additional content and updates to be pushed or it's release from Early Access."
,Recommended,521150,26412390,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Honcho,"Quite like it. Still early days for this one but has potential. Some bugs in AI and the UI is a bit meh but if you like management style games, this is one to watch."
76561198016707912,Recommended,521150,31614902,Posted: 7 May,all,archenemy,"I gave it a thumbs up because the game has a lot of potential and the skeleton of a great game, but in its current form does not have enough content yet. However the main gameplay is fun, the UI is clear, controls are clear, basically its all good, just add more content :)Just a few ideas, but I am sure you have your own too:- weekdays and weekends, near weekends ppl buy more, at weekends spend more time on fun activities- drink bar, pub- bouncers and/or security to prevent theft, adding cameras and stuff- the option to mark a store as specialized in a certain ware, and that gives bonus to it (like a food store or a clothes store)- kindergarten, where ppl arriving with kids can leave their kids- upgraded parking lots, or underground parking- arcade machines and pinball machines, do they even do something? I did not see any effect- adding decorations gives a bonus to a storeso many other ideas, but I am sure the devs have their own vision."
76561198185338803,Recommended,521150,26825603,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sheyrena,"If you like simulation building games such as Prison Architect, Project Highrise and the like, you should give this game a try. Very addictive and in early access which is cool if you enjoy seeing new features and developments come to life.The basic premise is to build a successful shopping complex. Including stores, fast food, bowling, movie theaters and more. Set up the shop business hours, employees and their shift times. Deal with over crowding and find that nice balance of a busy store while not losing customers due to wait times.10/10 will keep playing and look forward to many new additions to the game"
,Recommended,521150,26487976,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,HIdeo Kojima Jr.,Solid. It's like Prison Architect and a tycoon game had a baby. It is still very bare bones given that it is early access. But what it there is solid and hopefully it gets more complex as time goes on!
,Recommended,521150,31589538,Posted: 6 May,all,Decat,"This game is certainly one I will keep my eye on. It is a typical early access in that there are bugs, although I haven't encountered any game breaking ones.This is a tycoon game in which profit isn't much of a problem (at least yet) but the goal is to express your creativity through building every part of every building comprising a mall. Hiring the staff to run it is another aspect. For those who want a sandbox game about capitalism this is it!This game will also suit players who are looking for in depth management and graphs/charts to study the statistics and profit margins of your mall. In this way you can compare it to a browser based management game that you literally look at numbers, so the fantasy football /basketball guys might like looking at the stats and fine tuning their strategy for the next day.If you want to see what is planned for the future then check out the trello where the creator has put down some ideas. And the game is updated regularly with bug fixes and additional content.Worth a try."
76561198016308020,Recommended,521150,31708305,Posted: 12 May,all,physbo,"I don't write reviews, well generally ever.  This game, I felt deserved some love from me.  I originally bought this because I had a weak laptop at the time that couldn't really play anything.  This game played extremely well and was very fun.  Each update comes with new features and improvements that have been very nice.  This is early access which means there will be game breaking bugs for some.  I would like to thank the creator for creating a awesome game, for such a reasonable price.  Even though I have upgraded my hardware and can play any game I want now,  I find myself playing this from time to time.  Well done and keep up the good work."
,Recommended,521150,26403954,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,WeeYum,"Bought this game after watching a few people play their review copies. I will start off with the fact that it is in early access but the dev seems like he is pushing bug fixes. (all the bugs from reviews copies seem to be gone) Still had a few minor issues like having 3 cashiers on duty and no one being there but Firing them all and rehiring them seemed to fix the issue. Right now there isnt a whole lot of variety in the types of shops but If you specialize there is plenty. IE dont make walmart that just sells everything. After the Few hours that I have already Played, I more than Recomend this game If management style games are your niche. Looking forward to more content from this talented Dev. I am More then hooked. Well worth the $12"
76561197981255414,Recommended,521150,26483735,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,ChillBilly,>Bought game>Downloaded 300mb of said game>Skipped the tutorial>Played until I got lost. (30 minutes)>Started new game>Played the tutorial>Built a grocery store selling only tampons and beer>6 hours later I write this review10/10 would build a store called Bluds -N- Suds again.
76561198051681678,Recommended,521150,26428080,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ima seal,In this game you get to build s mall/mini mart/restaurant/movie theatre/bowling alley.pretty much its like prison architect and its pretty good i would recommend this to anyone who is wanting another game like prison architect
76561197964316721,Recommended,521150,26436308,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Hydroxid,"What an awesome game. Everybody who likes Simulation games should buy it. A little bit like Prison architect, RCT and other simulation. I like it very much. Hope some new feature will be come soon."
,Recommended,521150,32809291,Posted: 26 June,all,Anihillator,"It's an interesting game, but it's not anywhere as deep as prison architect for example. I can see it growing into a good sim/management, but right now it's really shallow. Was fun for a few hours, but ehhhh, probably gonna wait for some content updates I guess.And yes, I understand that it's early access and it'll get better."
,Recommended,521150,32718734,Posted: 24 June,all,Eastside Steve,"This game has great potential, even in Early Access. I like the many shops and different ideas you can come up with in this game, and looking forward to further updates on this game, and seeing what new shops and ideas come about."
,Recommended,521150,29860609,Posted: 11 February,all,martijn_m1998,"Really great game!Still in development, but it's already an addicting game!I began playing the tutorial in sandbox mode and am now focusing on the building aspect.When I'll decide to play with money, I'll focus more on the management part -which is very comprehensive.One thing I like to see, is the same gui for saving as for loading, because it is really hard to see what name my map has at the moment."
,Recommended,521150,31471826,Posted: 30 April,all,XJAG,"I would say this is really really good. Not to hard and not to easy i would recommend this to anyone that asked if it was good. There is so much land you can build on wether its a bowling alley or store or a cinema, Then you have to worry about restrooms because customers get mad if you dont get one once you do you will get more customers other wise this game is really good."
,Recommended,521150,35096229,Posted: 20 September,all,Rho,"This game definitely has potential and has me quite intrigued. After playing 10 hours, I was able to unlock all of the research and essentially start building up money. End game?As more content is added, this game definitely will be worth the buy.Things I would like to see added:1. More dynamics related to what items are offered and how people react to them (Expand on Needs tab)2. Layout dynamics - customers react to sizes of buildings and more parking lot reactions (IE - how far away customers have to walk3. Atmosphere development - have customers react on how they spend money based on the atmosphere.4. Staff development over-time is tiered in various areas. (Have events where staff quit, get stressed out, show up late etc so you to make the choice as to whether you fire staff.5. Research can include levels of quality on products as well.6. Introduce managers  - this can relate to number 4 as well. They could prompt you with time related situations where you choose whether a staff member can be forgiven for an action. (IE. Crisis management events - ""Flu Season"" tons of staff call in sick type of events)I am looking forward of course to see what the developers come up with - I hope these thoughts help!"
76561198174153213,Recommended,521150,28509756,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mr_Ransom,Hi everyone. I have purchased this game about a week ago. It was very boring and very bad. Then I told myself in order to love a game I must play it for a while and experience everything. Thats why Im writing this today. This I assume is an Indi creation they have put a lot of work into this. I personally want to say thank you to the developers for making such an amazing game. The game reminds me of the old gaming era where Theme hospital excelled! And this is the next best thing I can see compared to Prison Architect. It is a bit to easy to get money in the game and some of the stores are recreational which dont really make money. If the developers could make a greater demand for the cinema's that would be great. The graphics are perfect everything is perfect! They just need to add more things to build now. Im roleplaying as a company in the mall and I try everyway to get my company in the mall to sell more items than the other companies. If you have a great imagionation this game is Amazing. If the developers add more items I can see this game becoming better than Prison architect. And some more in depth gameplay is required for that.8/10-2 For Lack Of Items To Build
,Recommended,521150,26423459,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,BinaryEX4,Awesome little fun game. Look forward to the future developments.
,Recommended,521150,26497192,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lord Marsden,This games pretty good but crrently dosen't have alot of content. I do reccomend it because it has alot of hope and future ahead of its self. I just hope the devs update the game!EDIT: After a half an hour more of playing i have come to the conclussion that the game still needs more polish and content. although the price point isnt worth it right now dont forget about this game
,Recommended,521150,31070512,Posted: 10 April,all,Sharthedreamer,"I do enjoy this game, it's a good game to pass time. Can't wait until it's fully finished."
76561198342851185,Recommended,521150,30880134,Posted: 1 April,all,alexander,"Got this game yesterday, I already have 11 hours.I started a bit slow but now i cant stop.If you have a spare £10, BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,521150,31481652,Posted: 1 May,all,MegaGaming,"This is an awesome game where you build, research and grow your own shopping mall.  If you like micro-managing, stock, staff and a whole lot more then this game is for you :)"
76561198062805018,Recommended,521150,31075011,Posted: 11 April,all,stevo_93_,Potential to be very good. Dev active on forums.
,Recommended,521150,31319251,Posted: 23 April,all,Sneaky Turtle,"While there are some bugs and much to be added, it is in an excellent posistion for the future."
,Recommended,521150,26495873,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lobster,"Review date: 8 November 2016 (Early Access review)Buy to support and give it time!This is an early access review and could be changed after any game update.What to say about this game? I could be negative and list all the things that could use some improvements or are missing in thisearly accessgame, but what good would that do to you or the dev? Nothing!Look, this game came out on steam a couple days ago and is in a very early stage of development. So the game would have some serious issues, bugs or missing content. I don't care and you shouldn't either if you like building and management games.I see a lot of people posting negative reviews about the game missing depth or content or even functions and I do agree with some of the list items I saw. But the thing is, the game is very new and for this stage it’s a wonderful game. You have complete freedom in your builds and management style. Is it fully functioning like other building and management games? No! It has some issues. But instead of complaining about those issues and saying it’s a bad game, send in your ideas to the dev.I hope the dev is reading the reviews and doesn’t become unmotivated to work on this game. Because it has potential and is already fun to play. I hope the dev would see the negative reviews as feedback and an opportunity to improve the game.Like I said, the game gives you complete freedom in building and management style already. Things that could use some improvements are rotating or moving the objects or overwrite an existing build (like the parking spots from customer to employee without deleting the parking spot first). The UI is something you need to get used to. It’s not all that obvious or user-friendly. After a while you will get the hang of it for sure. It’s just a bit different than you’re probably used to in other games (like prison architect).On the other hand, the cartoons are funny. Have you seen an upset person? I have a cook who comes in every day completely unsatisfied. He has a red face! As soon as he’s behind his stove, he’s happy again and sometimes looking at his phone. I think he has no internet at his house or something.I’m thinking that this game has a great potential and if we support the dev(s), it could become something amazing. But they need our support for that.So let’s be clear. This game, in its current state, is a simplistic but entertaining game. You would be through the hard part of management within an hour. You can build wherever you want (on the provided plot of land that is) and you design your infrastructure as well. The UI needs some updates but is manageable.I like to see where this game is headed. Maybe some funny storylines or some events that could happen. It’s early access after all. Wait to see what the dev(s) are planning.Don’t buy it if you only want to play finished games or if you want games with tons of functions and possibilities."
,Recommended,521150,26433911,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,MagraTV,"Just knocked out 12.5 hours straight somehow...Needs to have a lot more options added on, a few bugs here and there but nothing too game breaking.  For $12~ if you like simulation style games where you build everything, you can't go wrong.Goodnight, errr, morning?"
76561198002189495,Recommended,521150,26741645,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,rovaira2,"Wow. This game is great. I can see many ways to add on to this game in the future, but it's a blast to play right now. I hope more games use this as a model for future games.The ability to create various stores, fun areas, food options, build roads, build parking, manage staff, etc.. It's all there. It's also challenging and enjoyable to see all the customers come and go.The game runs well even with all the people coming and going. I'm looking forward to this one to develop, but it's one of those games I'd recommend getting now."
,Recommended,521150,26483687,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Some Guy,Good so far I definetly reccomend this gameReminds me of Prison ArchitectAlso I like the titleAnyone that deosnt understand the title gets a long sigh from me
,Recommended,521150,30883709,Posted: 1 April,all,Becky,"I'm a big fan of strategy games and with only a few hours play I can highly rate this game! Plenty to do and figure out, considering this is an early access game I'm Very impressed!! Please keep updating guys :)"
,Recommended,521150,26460777,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,DragonM,Very good game :DThis game has great potential and could have some great replay value. Some content is lacking but I just played the game to the last technology research and enjoyed playing it.This is an excellent idea for a game and may be a top seller for simulation games eventually.I hope to see many more store ideas come in the future.Some things dont work as to be expected with any EA game but I have faith the devs will do everything needed to make the game much more enjoyable.
76561198023528824,Recommended,521150,26404017,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Dr. Strangelove,"Fun little game, manage a store, it's fun really like your getting soaked into it to keep your little store runnin'it feels like prison architect, but i know i will enjoy this moreyou can build more than just store's i don't now exactly how it works but i will find outi hope the dev's won't screw this up it has potential this one!"
,Recommended,521150,34704500,Posted: 3 September,all,Mary Meow Meow,I enjoyed this game. Though gameplay wasnt very long and didnt feel the need to replay after finishing.
76561198142473451,Recommended,521150,29212790,Posted: 12 January,all,mashley110,Love it
76561198107278280,Recommended,521150,34570982,Posted: 29 August,all,Elle,I honestly love this game.It lacks content now though so I find it difficult to keep on playing at the moment.More updates would be amazing!
,Recommended,521150,31517583,Posted: 2 May,all,0Bennyman,"*Build Version 0.3.0.2*So I bought the game yesterday and have been playing it mostly since then and currently have 6 hours, the game is very addicting and there is quite a lot to do in the game already, I've barely made proper progress with my mall due to deciding to start with 50k instead of 200k however with time I have slowly got to grips with how to properly micromanage my mall and I am now bringing in decent profits at a good pace.IdlingI feel like this should be addressed first,  There is a decent amount of idling since there really is no reason to pay constant attention to your mall as no one will currently cause problems or try to rob you and so most of the time (Especially with only 50k to start) will be spent waiting so if you have a second monitor that would be a good use of it to do other things on. Is this currently a bad thing? No not really, it's a slow start but once you start gaining a decent profit you can do a lot more and start expanding your mall.GameplayThe game plays very similar to Prison Architect and it works really well, I have yet to have a problem with any actual gameplay mechanics yet. You build your mall, place things inside and watch it bring you a profit!BugsOnly 2 bugs I have noticed so far however nothing game breaking.1. Stockers not being able to pathfind their way to storage rooms, this can be a problem however so far I've been able to just remove anything near the stock rooms like walls and now it's fixed however this needs to be addressed please developer.2.You HAVE to build foundations to fill in buildings as there is NO way to place floor tiles on other areas, so even if you build a square with walls you won't be able to fill it in so there is currently a patch of grass in my mall but oh well.ConclusionCurrently the game is rough in some areas but it's still early days and I have high hopes for this game and I cannot wait to see how it progresses. I give it an 8/10 currently for being fun and unique."
,Not Recommended,521150,35398612,Posted: 1 October,all,TheFrenchStreamer,"No update, look abandonned..."
,Recommended,521150,30598062,Posted: 18 March,all,morph113,Game of the year
76561198063878961,Recommended,521150,30840833,Posted: 30 March,all,ExactChaos,"Another Brick in the Mall is a super cool tycoon game. You can have a look at some game play footage here:https://youtu.be/3DARNy0q5FMThe game seems so simple but it is surprisingly addictive. As the name subtly suggests you basically build your own mall, manage the various stores in terms of stock, hire and set staffing levels, and try an maintain customer satisfaction and the profit that goes along with this. If you get all of this right then you will expand.As you move through the game you do research and unlock more products and facilities. That said one of the challenges will be whether you decide to stock all products in one big store, or have many store specialising in a limited number of goods. There are pros and cons for each.Managing parking and customer needs and satisfaction is a real but fun challenge, and the we get to the building itself. Any tycoon game fan will enjoy planning out and building an efficient mall, and believe me it goes with some trial and error.As an early access game, there are not a lot of bugs, making it very playable. And I can see the game getting much more involved as the content grows.The verdict, an awesome game. Recommended for tycoon game fans and very much worth it at the price."
,Not Recommended,521150,33247502,Posted: 4 July,all,Jack The Ripper,"This game has great potential. Unfortunately at the moment it lacks in depth and the gameplay is pretty boring. There are huge gaps of doing nothing inbetween researching. No music provides boring and stale atmosphere. No micromanagement and no penalties are involved or not required for success, so most of the time you will leave the game to run in background and do its thing.At the moment i am gonna refund the game, however i will keep an eye on it and see how it progresses."
,Not Recommended,521150,33062684,Posted: 30 June,all,Miss Sparks,"All though this game is a good start it is highly lacking in content, it is also very very slow to get any new good content added. It gets dull and boring fast. Advoid at all costs for now"
,Recommended,521150,30023048,Posted: 18 February,all,travis-wilson,"The game is really fun but I've played it for about 1.5 hours and I cannot even play the game anymore, it will not let me open my save or start a new game? I've tried reinstalling it but that has not worked, I suppose i'll have to wait for the next update. Any suggestions?"
,Recommended,521150,29993916,Posted: 17 February,all,Trentsta - australianliferp.com,"This Game Is Overall Very Fun. It Provides Hours Of Gameplay By Setting Goals To Get More Money, The Ability To Buy New Entrances And Limiting The Speed At What The Workers Build At. The Game Seems To Run Smoothly On My PC At Avg of 250-300 FPS.Pros- Hours Of Gameplay- Well Made, No FPS Lagg or Issues- Great Game For Players Who Like Management / Economy Building GamesCons- Customer Parking Seems To Have A Mind Of Its Own When Placing At Times (Maby Allow Us To Rotate it?)- Waiting For Enough Money/Income To Expand May be Slow At Times.."
76561198045753346,Recommended,521150,26540093,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,tsmith3590,Fun game! You just need to be able to rotate objects.
76561198055505386,Recommended,521150,26669492,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Zig07,Seems great and I love it but I will probably wait for more updates and bug fixes before coming back to it.
,Recommended,521150,26468936,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,mrmonsura,"For an really early access game this has a lot more than most full released game!It's very fun and quite a bit difficult to get a decent mall running, but the challenge is what makes it fun.This is an easy 8/10 for me, but I'm sure as more features are added it'll be a 10/10"
76561198231904672,Recommended,521150,26464135,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,scandinavian_vinum,Very good for an early alpha...Good game mechanics with a lot of potential.I look foward to a grand game with many good features when the full version of the game gets published!
,Recommended,521150,26428083,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Deaf3279,It's pretty good game. I'm sure they will get it much better. This remind me of Prison Architect and Rimworld
76561198059805131,Recommended,521150,30766436,Posted: 26 March,all,evilxinsanegod,I just bought the game today and played for 7 hours. I didn't think I'd like it at first but this game is a lot of fun and I can't wait to see what the devs accomplish with it.
,Recommended,521150,31146747,Posted: 14 April,all,JiN#EXiA,Great strategy games and  highly rate this game. Very impressed and enjoyed with whole days
76561197971070170,Recommended,521150,31508050,Posted: 2 May,all,grimmer87,Only played for an hour but I can already see this is a brilliant game.
76561198031097705,Recommended,521150,30874708,Posted: 1 April,all,Dave,"Absolutely love the game, it feels a little like prison architect but about shops! I can't wait to see where this games goes in the future!"
76561198097876667,Recommended,521150,26433341,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Scouts,"i just got done a 6 hrs live steam of this game and my FPS was real good the hole time if you have a bad comper this is a game for you! Simulation, Strategy game yes it is. prison architect but you run a mall can't wait tell i see what there do with this game i just hope there do some then about all the cars that the only down side to this game is all the car on the map make it harder to run... i rate this a 8 out of 10 right now"
,Recommended,521150,29203482,Posted: 12 January,all,bmx_ben_89,"This game is brilliant 10/10, it has a lot of potential in the furtue..."
,Recommended,521150,30901965,Posted: 2 April,all,Captain Chris 70th,"A lot of fun, something you can dip in to when you got a short gaming window and lot's of potential."
,Recommended,521150,30997427,Posted: 7 April,all,BuzzUK,"Let's hope the developers keep at this, i can see it being a nicely complex and deep simulation if they put the work in. Will be keeping an eye on this little gem"
76561197978479111,Not Recommended,521150,30206479,Posted: 26 February,all,Rezel,"Keep im mind this is still earily access for when im writing this last played version 0.1.8.1.The game is allright for a while, but overall the game is just a lot of waiting (even with the speed up time buttons).The tech tree research is counted in game hours where about 80% of them are listed at 96. So every 4 game days you can unlock a new set of items sell.The main focues I'd say the game has is desinging the mall it self. Though like i said it was allright for a while, but after making a super store, the game lost a lot of appeal to me, just that there was not much to do.as far as the game goes right now i wouldent say its worth it for $13 (price at time of review).  maybe onces the game is compleated it would be more worth while, it looks like it could have potential, but the current state is youd proably play it for about 2-4 hours to unlock everything then not touch it again until an update."
,Recommended,521150,33772085,Posted: 24 July,all,tweetytan,Nach einer bestimmten zeit bleiben bei mir die kunden stehensonst kann ich aber das spiel empfehlen
76561198026945019,Recommended,521150,26417222,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Cirddan,This game looks to have potential. Needs much improvement to make complete. Unable to rotate items besides doors making it hard to setup store fronts. There is also not any events that would increase or decrease sales etc. Not alot of building types to make.Overall I am satisfied with this game but hopefully they can make as in depth as Prison Architect etc.
76561198053026293,Recommended,521150,26406326,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Velaniel,"Can't complain for early access and the price. Great Mall running game, definitely kept me hooked the last couple of hours and I will be going back to it once I've written this. Reminds me of Prison Architect too so if you like that type of simulation then this is definitely worth a purchase.When I first started I thought this seems pretty basic but two hours in I'm still in one tiny corner of the map slowly building my mall empire and thoroughly enjoying expaning my current stores before branching out into a massive complex although I can't wait to do that too.10/10 Simulation game......feel like they need to add crossings for the car park though, the amount of customers that would've been run over IRL but I guess that's whyt it's a game."
,Recommended,521150,26406452,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,joelog2281,"I really enjoy it so far. There is definitely some bugs to be worked out, as long as the developer sticks with it and stays busy this could be a truly great game for fans of simulation adn management games. I do not regret the purchase and it can only get better."
,Recommended,521150,26415040,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Gorgotham,I see the potential here. I'm sticking with it!I remember Prison Architect when I bought it on their site years ago. I stuck with that one too and it turned out amazing.I have the same high hopes for this one. I'm in it for the long haul.
76561197970537749,Recommended,521150,26415712,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,kingbobcat,"There are a lot of positive reviews here already, so I'll keep this brief. Buy this game. Between the content that is there now and the potential this game has, it's worth supporting.As of the moment (a couple of days after release), I've discovered a few bugs that need work and some needed features that should be added. But as a whole, the game is entertaining in a simplistic, charming sort of way. I think the natural assumption, due to the graphic style, is to think Prision Architect and I must say, it reminds me a little of that game. As this game gets further refined, I think it'll be a hit."
,Not Recommended,521150,30517961,Posted: 14 March,all,dboy31,"fun little game, but becomes repeatative quickly, not many items too research.  only takes like 30 game days or less to research all items.  More items need created to research.   then all that is left it to build more and more little stores as items require tier 3 needs. The rewards system is not right either.    the rewards all pay out the same amount. Instead of the reward increasing as the tasks get higher/harder, they stay the same $10,000 for all objectives.  really not cool in my opinion. also to achieve tier 3 on your items, you need lots and lots of small stores becuase tier 3 only happens when that item exceeds 50%. in a store.  I think they should adjust the numbers so you can have more then one 3 tier item in a store.  Like for example, a booze store.   i would like to get tier 3 for all booze items in that one  store, but i can't becuase only beer, liqour, or wine can be tier 3 at once everything else is tier 2 or less.. so i have to create a 2 more additional stores to make all 3 items a tier 3. Which means I have to waste extra money on cashiers, stockers, goods, and restrooms."
,Recommended,521150,26403905,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tiger,Absolutely fantastic will be sinking hours into this game.
76561198365141703,Recommended,521150,33717534,Posted: 22 July,all,matthew,This game is amazing!
76561198169957738,Recommended,521150,26457467,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Coaltrickle13,I really like this game!but one of the bugs I've come across is my workers getting stuck but I can't wait for more I'm really excited
,Recommended,521150,29562745,Posted: 29 January,all,TSM,All in all its just..another brick in the mall!
,Recommended,521150,31610767,Posted: 7 May,all,DEMON 340 SIX PACK,VERY FUN!
76561198214358424,Recommended,521150,31611472,Posted: 7 May,all,theslayer1254,for what i seen on youtube this game is pretty good but when i bought the game and installed it and i would press play it would launch but then it says launch. exe has stopped workking and i even tried  to uninstall it and reinstall but still didnt work if any 1 can help me fix this that would be awsome
,Recommended,521150,30856790,Posted: 31 March,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full reviewPLEASE NOTE: This review is/was written when this game was in/is still in Early Access. Think twice before buying/playing this gameAnother Brick in the Mall is not another Pink Floyd song but a new sim management game developed and published by The QuadsphereFor the few hours I played this game, I must say I have enjoyed it greatly which is saying something. I always like to see how games are updated and evolved before I even think about playing themNot had many problems, just a few where workers are turning up at the wrong times and staying longer then what is needed but I don't know if that is me as I am still trying to work out the hour set up for workersIt would be nice if the tutorial and explain it in more detail as we are sort of going in a bit blind but luckly I don't mind playing around. Then again I think there should be tutorials explaining all the graphs and charts betterWell I think that is everything thus far but I am sure more things will pop up from time to time. I am so looking forward to the next update and to see how this game growsRECOMMENDED :)"
76561198202369114,Recommended,521150,31538946,Posted: 4 May,all,mlangford262,when i borght this game i tryed to launch it but it did not work :(but still recomend
,Recommended,521150,30232389,Posted: 27 February,all,Orongo,"Played 6 hours, it's great for an early-access!  My perfect kind of micro-management"
76561198083497192,Recommended,521150,31101039,Posted: 12 April,all,Atkinsj7,Great game alot to do make a fast food. Make a store like walmart. Build a theater and build a bowling alley. Havnt found a way make money off the bowling alley yet always losing money. Got to find that balance to make money. Its worth the money :).
76561198129330983,Recommended,521150,31100449,Posted: 12 April,all,vlis7,Highly recommended
76561198153555713,Recommended,521150,32330705,Posted: 10 June,all,Ploofy,Lots of room for improvement! And it's quite good for early access
,Recommended,521150,30784797,Posted: 27 March,all,Gordo,support this game so they add content lol
,Recommended,521150,30852895,Posted: 31 March,all,TainoWarChief,Super Fun Game! Addicting!
76561198369711743,Recommended,521150,31018675,Posted: 8 April,all,colin.broyles,this is the best game ever
76561198155937371,Recommended,521150,32510123,Posted: 17 June,all,Taylor_Tank,7 hours on record and an ok game still some bits left to do but on the whole not bad enjoyed quite a bit :)
76561198031462738,Recommended,521150,26406974,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,The Wide Stone,"Wow. I downloaded the game, expecting to be underwhelmed given its youth, but...Well, 4+ hours have passed, my eyes hurt and I am thoroughly entertained. This is a fantastic game! 12/10, get it to support the developer. Totally recommended!"
,Recommended,521150,26409764,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,A Wet Sock,"Extremely promising for being in its VERY early stages. The depth is there, but the game is still missing core features. You can't even rotate objects yet. That being said it is excellent for anyone longing to create their own grocery store or any kind of store, really. Great so far, and can only hope for the better."
,Recommended,521150,31712043,Posted: 12 May,all,Turbulentt,7.5/10
,Recommended,521150,31629821,Posted: 8 May,all,Asp,"This game is very good! And now the intorduction of steam workshop, there will a lot of new custom items or even mods! This game will have an amazing future ahead of it"
76561198011027915,Recommended,521150,30051152,Posted: 19 February,all,(USMCG) lcplsega,"Game Played Well. I couldnt get over the no in game sounds or soundtrack. The silence was killing me and anything I had on  in the background didnt feel right. I hope the Devs add sound, if not I will have to not recommend for people who need the ambience."
76561198072482064,Recommended,521150,29559891,Posted: 29 January,all,KKnight13,Still needs a lot of work but a very promising start
,Recommended,521150,30436108,Posted: 10 March,all,墨影☯,"Actualy, this game is really good, if you can add workshop feature, it will be better !"
76561197988814228,Recommended,521150,26427478,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Goddady,"I just can't stop from playing this game.My life is ruined, but my mall is amazing!"
76561198071418446,Recommended,521150,26526086,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Gwapнҷ,Good game can't wait to see whats next!
76561198157405275,Recommended,521150,26426381,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,manhunter439,this game is sooooooooooooo good!!!!!! i absolutly recamend this game to any person in the world!
76561198158371456,Recommended,521150,31708349,Posted: 12 May,all,djkblue,This Game is just fun and kind of relaxing. I cant wait to see what they add next i am hoping for missions or secnarios. also rotating items:)
,Recommended,521150,32915986,Posted: 27 June,all,Dynamik,Good Game
,Recommended,521150,34809485,Posted: 8 September,all,cool1800,One of the best games I have bought in a long time would definitely recommend you by this game. 10/10
76561198017116733,Recommended,521150,31329026,Posted: 23 April,all,Clemi,great game but needs more stuff to do in game
76561198215981868,Recommended,521150,31501154,Posted: 1 May,all,mitchell,it is fun
,Recommended,521150,30658604,Posted: 21 March,all,Jugularcomic,I love the style of this game and the in depth of everday runnings and how to micromanage stuff
76561198121754622,Recommended,521150,34073180,Posted: 6 August,all,Knowledge,"Awesome game, it is the first game ive seen where you build a mall"
76561198356981294,Recommended,521150,30717413,Posted: 24 March,all,Willdog11567,I Love this came beacuse manage is what i like to do in games 5/5 stars but i want to have regular restaraunt and not ust a fast food restaraunt!
76561198363088864,Recommended,521150,34471254,Posted: 24 August,all,maximum_ultra_5,"My game crashes like every 5 minutes. It didn't do that unit recintly, like the past 2 days and it gets very anoying. But other than that, great game."
,Recommended,521150,30656351,Posted: 21 March,all,Noob Noob,What a great game !!!This is a great shopping mall managing simulatoronly criticism i have is it needs steam workshop to allow the community to make a whole load more content to make this game last.
76561198121299515,Recommended,521150,34385395,Posted: 20 August,all,Speedy Gonzales,"Still in early development, but still fun anyways."
76561198241231058,Recommended,521150,31524911,Posted: 3 May,all,doodle bug,"Well,Isn't it everyone dream to create a mall and be the boss off everything, or is this just me ?It is in early acess but very good early acess check my workshop  map out it becomes very busy and there is a lot to do.great game, few little bugs but overall is a good game get it and your be there hoursmight as well quit your job."
,Recommended,521150,28660036,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Obibun.tw,"This game though early and lacking in a lot of content, is clearly a labour of love by the designer(s).Despite having a functional but rough UI and oddities/bugs, the game comes across as extremely well polished in comparison to most titles you'll see on Early Access - it looks clean and smooth, it runs clean and smooth, things are well thought out (for the most part) and it's actually a joy to watch your little stores go through their business day instead of cringing when you see cluttery, janky or otherwise broken behaviour and mechanics or etc. in most other titles.There's not a whole lot here right now, but even half an hour spent with this game will show you just how much potential this game has to be the new, fully engrossing ""business/retail/mall"" tycoon game on the block as long as the designers focus on adding content and improving the game in terms of goals / campaign / etc."
76561198027364897,Recommended,521150,30917605,Posted: 3 April,all,Kitty Forman,This game is FANTASTIC! A few hours in and I'm already hooked. Highly recommended.
76561198077705880,Recommended,521150,31925178,Posted: 23 May,all,Beaujetto,addictive
,Recommended,521150,31017771,Posted: 8 April,all,you fucken' weasel,bill gates simulator
,Not Recommended,521150,31999458,Posted: 27 May,all,GlitterySpaceCat,"Has the potential to be a really great game and I initially bought it because the style reminded me of prison architect.As it stands, however, I would not recommend this game. I feel like after playing it for almost 4 hours that I have sene everything the game has to offer and did not know how to progress further.Meh."
76561198133059848,Recommended,521150,33675387,Posted: 20 July,all,Doggosaur,its prety gud
76561198133877165,Not Recommended,521150,31552937,Posted: 4 May,all,RomanStorm,"Very Early Stages. Not many objects available to purchase. Janitors and Maintenance glitch out and spend the whole time in maintenance rooms. Fun at times but very little depth. Not really enjoyable, very tedious!"
,Recommended,521150,32728860,Posted: 24 June,all,Chinpokomon,Very fun to play
,Recommended,521150,26412932,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,TBuck,"Pretty fun early access game.  Has a few bugs but beyond that, this could be a great simulation game!"
76561198127699118,Recommended,521150,30335547,Posted: 5 March,all,Baron Von poops,"I have two things to say. 1: Great game. 2: I need one change and that is that store clerks can be set to work from 6-12 and then, on the same day also work from 20-24. Great game otherwise"
76561197982891913,Recommended,521150,26587731,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Tony Montana,"This can be become a really great game, right now the content lasted me for 60 minutes - The rest of the time was repetition and further building refinement testing."
76561198043167512,Recommended,521150,26625385,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,k9gunner,It is good
76561198086606247,Recommended,521150,28210404,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,"DF Missile Express, Mission Guar","I wanna talk some defects here. The item cannot rotate, that's so ridiculous, so weird. Restaurant only has fast food. After I construct the restroom, I found that restrooms are unisex, so interesting, customers don't need to figure out which is men, which is women, it is a really 'pee party'. Hardly any challenge, never loss. But this is new release game, I think it will better later, this game is similar to Prison Architect and Rimworld. Hardly to find simulation games these days, keeping going."
76561198067236704,Recommended,521150,28397248,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Astig,It's a nice game. Money well spent.
76561198084863494,Recommended,521150,32791064,Posted: 25 June,all,[TRIP] Dgh24,After reading the name several times I can no longer listen to Pink Floyd in peace.
76561198382968528,Recommended,521150,31499801,Posted: 1 May,all,hayden.reid441,i really want to play this game but DEP keeps on closing it!! How can i fix this??
76561198153986122,Recommended,521150,30880053,Posted: 1 April,all,Mein Kampf,"Cooks do not report to work, and I hope that all objects can be rotated, hopefully you all will do something about it. Other than those problems, everything is fine as of now"
76561198030758769,Recommended,521150,28426640,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Mike,If you loved the Mall Tycoon franchise; this is a pleasant surprise. For a game in Early Access; there seems to be a lot to do and create. You can create shopping centers or malls.
76561198340236340,Not Recommended,521150,31530933,Posted: 3 May,all,Joe456,"I think that the content of this game is, and will be great in the future. The only problem with it, and it would be a major problem if it continues on, is that whenever the builders fix one block of anything, the game lags sooooooo much, that it's unbearable, and unplayable. I know that it says that don't recommend this game, and the lag is the only reason, and it isn't even a online game!! Even though I said that I didn't recommend this game, I would really recommend it if the lag was completly fixed, so overall, on a scale of 1 to 10, i would give a 4, all due to the lag."
76561198282975631,Recommended,521150,26403620,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tim / Slasher [GER],but some Bugs :(
76561197995564839,Not Recommended,521150,32849098,Posted: 27 June,all,Disonyxiated,"It's bad. Fun for a few minutes, but kinda hard to commit more than an hour to any mall you make."
,Recommended,521150,26470749,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Desx,The only lack is no sound effect. please improve this for next patch.
76561197977786334,Not Recommended,521150,34060693,Posted: 6 August,all,TeknoTel,"This isn't a bad game at all, it is great. I love the concept and feel with further mechanics and gameplay this could be a great game. I love playing it.The problem is it crashes literally every five minutes for me.I can keep playing because I load the autosave so I cant lose more then a day. It is just eventually this reloading 20 times per hour becomes tedious and I stop playing.This i the first early access game I have bought that does not work for me. Clockwork empires used to crash for me just more like once an hour or longer. As stated  this literally crashes every five minutes.It is particularly frustrating when you build a new store or something and then the game crashes before you save.Please fix and I will change the review."
,Not Recommended,521150,32772708,Posted: 25 June,all,Acoustic hourboost.com,"The controls are not to good and it is almost unplayable because of this. Instead of having a drop down menu for nearly everything, they should have a thing in the bottom so you can see everything you can build at one"
76561198051888409,Not Recommended,521150,33409262,Posted: 9 July,all,coolbigbox,pretty buggy. my game keeps crashing every like 10 minutes unfortunately. the game is very good otherwise. a lot more depth to the game than i first thought.  can't really recommend a game that crashes every 10 minutes though. if it didn't crash i'd give it a 9/10. but currently it's a 5/10 for me with this crashing problem.
76561198287176196,Not Recommended,521150,32551331,Posted: 18 June,all,clutch,It is a good game but once you do everything you can it gets really boring
,Recommended,521150,35425934,Posted: 2 October,all,Drexel,biggest waste of $13.only had the game open 30 minutes.25/30 of those minutes was probably me afk throwing up into the potty.
,Not Recommended,521150,32128581,Posted: 2 June,all,Alex0Hewer,gets boring VERY fast.
76561198013692763,Recommended,521150,32626079,Posted: 21 June,all,LiavMe,Great game!Alot of option!Hours of fan!
76561198024365562,Not Recommended,521150,34745263,Posted: 4 September,all,Jintah,I had high hopes for this game but its disapointed me. Tried it for a while but just ends up boring and a chore to play
76561198071760031,Recommended,521150,31516003,Posted: 2 May,all,AmericanJohnny,eh... i think its alright but not super exciting. rise to ruins is wayyyy more exciting and simular to this.but with more depth. i will sit this baby to a side and let the new content stack up... dont want to burn it out
76561198033612973,Not Recommended,521150,26468624,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Oompas00,"Played for roughly 6 hours and I feel like I wasted my money.This game is to easy. Make a store with profit, leave it for an hour, come back and build.I realize its still an early release but it needs more of a challenge.Current state Nov. 6th 2016 I cannot recommend."
76561198183641258,Not Recommended,521150,30977964,Posted: 6 April,all,CHEEKI BREEKI BANDIT,Pros:+Kinda cheap+Some variety in the shops/attractionsCons:-Repetitive-Gets boring quick-god awful sound design (for some sounds)-Repetitive-Currently not enough contenttldr: Just get Prison architect
,Recommended,521150,33656131,Posted: 19 July,all,Ibyakuya,10/10 love this game.really wish there was some shooters that come into the mall.
76561198214379088,Not Recommended,521150,28995456,Posted: 3 January,all,PhantomEagle,"It's a great concept but the tutorial didn't really help me much with the staff management and you cannot rotate most things in the game. Don't get the game just yet as it not as well ""polished"" ( (obiously cause it's in early access) I guess."
76561198046158506,Recommended,521150,34747031,Posted: 4 September,all,raoulbrons,Amazing game and i have two screenshots with stores that have -666% and -69% :)
76561198014907281,Not Recommended,521150,26412917,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,sydneyghost,"I've tried this game again 3 months since the last play.Its quite simply the wors game i've owned . ever.I've been gaming since 94 so ive played a few.It has no potential because it has no challege.There's no supply/demand, you just add an aisle and a checkout and start making money.Thats it. No skill needed."
,Not Recommended,521150,26589344,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,RamesGamesLC,"Is this game worth buying as it is RIGHT NOW assuming no updates ever happen? (as is the standard rules of early access in case you didn't know) Sadly... No. not yet. This game is not ready for long-term consumption. It's shallow, and clunky.Wait to unlock things automatically.No object rotation.Make a single profitable store, never build anything ever again.Swim in cash after a few hours.Want the game speed to go faster? Sorry - Max speed feels like 2x speed in any other game.Standard speed feels like x.25 speed btw.Solid foundation of a game:Multiple store types;Fast food, restrooms, stores, bowling alleys, cinema.RNG staff with stats that mean nothing!Tons of products to put on a shelf... If you like awful menu design.It's a mall business simulator in the art style simular to prison architect...Why not buy and immediately regret your decisions?Wait a few months for an update and look back ito the game. Don't get fooled by all the people playing it on youtube, ALL you're seeing is all you get, and the community makes it more enjoyable - not rhe game..Though I did have my fun, I had to force myself to play a LOT more time, since the fun only lasted 3-5 hours. Making cinemas and resturaunts seems almost pointless when a single small store with limited checkouts can rake in hundreds of thoudsands of cash moneys.Nice review system valve, i have tried 10 times to post it, and it won't go through unless I select positive or write 2 lines. Noice!"
,Recommended,521150,32455912,Posted: 15 June,all,Brothekid10,"This game is pretty fun. I would get it if you think you will like it. If you don't think so, then don't buy it."
76561198163066530,Not Recommended,521150,32265752,Posted: 8 June,all,glass0724,"Not bad, but this game needs a lot of time for development.To be honest, it has little contents, and it also really get bored easily.Though someone could enjoy this, it is kind of time wasting."
76561198012783641,Not Recommended,521150,26468944,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,An Engineer,"Give this game another five months, the concept is great but the bugs can stunt the gameplay. Don't have the patience to list them as of yet. Will continue playing but I won't encourage others to suffer the bugs that I currently am dealing with in this game."
76561198017061379,Not Recommended,521150,29101060,Posted: 7 January,all,Tor,It's too much of a sandbox and there's no apparent challenge. It's early access but I doubt this part of the game will change much. It seems to be designed from the ground up to be sandbox/simulation rather than a strategy game.
76561198055352225,Recommended,521150,28501909,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Pipiz,"Excellent game! Dont ask why, just buy and you will enjoy."
,Not Recommended,521150,33418126,Posted: 9 July,all,Toxicwire,"I wish I could give this game a good review but I simply can't, it just lacks content. You can make a lot of stores, but not very much of a variety or enough items to spice up your mall / shopping centers. It needs more items to sell, more special options other than bowling and theaters and enhance those features and it needs to fix a lot of bugs in the game and possibly give more research options. You can reach end game within 5 hours of game time and not even expand past 1/16th of the map."
76561198010311109,Not Recommended,521150,34529826,Posted: 27 August,all,Sgt Steel,"when starting the game its all black scrren, cant play!!!!! been so for weeks!"
,Not Recommended,521150,29121778,Posted: 8 January,all,MonkeyEatPickle,Runs out of contentafter 5 hours.
,Not Recommended,521150,35220014,Posted: 26 September,all,mr podato,gets boring after 20 seconds
76561198295949313,Not Recommended,521150,31548481,Posted: 4 May,all,1980PurpleShit,"no for now, didn't even want to work for me at all, spents ares trying to fix and i got nothing. just be warned that the game could be crap. as for me i'll want 6 months till the game decides to work for. until then peace.oh by the by, i wanted to play for my youtube channle but no, i cant even do that."
76561198127760366,Not Recommended,521150,31065430,Posted: 10 April,all,kristophrobin,"I can't play it due to the font - white densely-placed letters with shadows on bright green and blue backgrounds. I get headaches in 2 minutes straight, I can't read it at all in 5 minutes. The font looks like it's a temporary thing, I just hope developers will replace it in the final product. The game looks interesting.I couldn't play the game past tutorial, so I can't recommend it."
76561198057067491,Not Recommended,521150,32666839,Posted: 22 June,all,Hullahopp,"So I wanted to support the devs by buying the game.You know, cause it looked good n all..However, I had to make a decision between this, and prison architect.I don't really have a problem with this game, other than how boring it is. And I guess you could say that to all tycoon games, but this game is one of those games where you just set up everything, and go.. I dunno.. Date a girl, have a party, shopping or whatever, leave the game, and it just runs. Or at least it seems like it.I don't really have the patience for this. Perhaps some action, or something to do while you're sitting there, doing nothing.Also, the UI needs improvements. Like, a lot. I didn't mind it, but it's kinda terrible."
76561198294675379,Not Recommended,521150,26519089,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,11119,Too much of a shell even for early access
,Not Recommended,521150,26465574,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,zaabi1995,Too many bugs - unplayable for me.
76561198092172753,Not Recommended,521150,26420792,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Snurlz,"Seems like a cool idea. But is perhaps better as a eplepsi simulator or something,since when i start the game my screen is just going for a flickering disco party. So maybe wait to buy the game to some more updates have been rolled out.( I know it is a early acess game, but it should at least be a some sort of playable )"
76561198335906196,Recommended,521150,32494845,Posted: 16 June,all,ProPandaAssasin,This game makes me sed leik me is frieng the wun witthe chuken wungs end meh lieks thes geme git tis geme its soooo fuune
76561197963554190,Recommended,521150,32434164,Posted: 15 June,all,JOCKEL,beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
,Not Recommended,521150,26448009,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Vegeta,Needs work. There is a lot of potential though.
,Recommended,521150,28576675,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,KennyS CSGOGEM.com,10/10 game -IGN
,Not Recommended,521150,34584826,Posted: 29 August,all,tseus,no ultrawide supportcustomer service is crap
,Not Recommended,521150,33400045,Posted: 9 July,all,norriG,"dev abandoned the game, havnt added any new features or fixes for almost 2 months.Dont buy before dev updates gameedit: 2 sep. dev is still barely updating"
76561198320212406,Not Recommended,521150,28445414,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,EdDiamond123,i thought the game sounded good to begin with  but when i bought it the tutorial was not the best. The way to build i ver confusing because of the layout.Also it isn't the type of game i would like. I thought it would be a bit like prison architect (good game) but it wasn't.
76561198273161783,Not Recommended,521150,31691948,Posted: 11 May,all,rashou812,"THIS GAME HAS BUGS... IT CRASHED 3 TIMES AND EACH TIME I LOST MY GAME.I restarted the game 2 more times just to spend time and it crash again...blowing 7 hrs of time steem WILL NOT refund me for this broken game. I tryed to give it a good chance but its unplayable.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME UNTIL ITS FIXED.  It will full you as this is a SCAM to get money, You play for a bit and then it starts dealeting everything in the game. Just after a few hours,,I have lots of gsmes and this one needs help... Move on.."
,Not Recommended,521150,26439173,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Terrpac,This game was fun for 1 min there is no real in game sounds only car noise and dorr clicks its makes the game feel slow and boring dont buy waste of money and time
76561198324352884,Not Recommended,521150,28840678,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Moldoschiop (Superhero104050),tre sa te futi in el
76561197997416991,Not Recommended,521150,31227670,Posted: 18 April,all,Evelyn,"Can't recommend this game. Takes you about 10 minutes to set everything up that the game has to offer, the rest is cookie cutter the store and watch it work.. or just go afk and forget it is even playing, as I did. There just isn't enough to occupy you by any means. Set up a shelf, a cashier and a checkout station, make money, voila, you win. Not at all as engaging or challenging as the description would have you believe. Just a waste of time and money."
76561197993343659,Not Recommended,521150,30428972,Posted: 10 March,all,Ki||switch,horrible...
,Not Recommended,521150,28919899,Posted: 1 January,all,Vinilly,Sucks
76561198128989347,Not Recommended,521150,30799459,Posted: 28 March,all,ZXD_Ninja Tuna,This is a rip off from prison archetect.
76561198197084398,Not Recommended,521150,26542544,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,LtVortex,"I got this game for $12.99,and from what I heard this game is amazeing. But I cant Play because I Need Steam? What is this Logic."
,Not Recommended,521150,33748806,Posted: 23 July,all,TheLegendofJay,"Refunded! Game unrealistic, ive worked in retail. the customers in this game are nice and dont litter the shop by moving random things about, neither do they♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥all over the floor like some kind of squatty potty showdown arena! also customer parking perfectly in a mall callpark without taking up more than 8 spaces for one car!"
76561198221986892,Not Recommended,521150,28513031,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,FOOD FIGHTER,the game is just not good.
,Recommended,521150,30415010,Posted: 9 March,all,Jarrett,Great simulation game keep the updates coming!
,Recommended,521150,30432216,Posted: 10 March,all,shaynebox,"Very good game with lots of pottential! Love the art style, had hours of fun playing already!"
,Recommended,521150,30463492,Posted: 11 March,all,jokeofthenight,"I've played the game for a couple of days now and I love it. It's easy to figure out and understand once you get the hang of it. I enjoy the micromanagement involved, and it isn't too overwhelming and nit-picky to the point where you're micromanging every tiny thing, while retaining control over business hours and employee pay. I like the amount of detail that has already gone into the game, such as the stock rooms, the necessity of restrooms, and staff-only parking/loading zones.As of Alpha Update 0.2.0.3, I am a bit confused about how the tier system works and I do find the demand/supply menu difficult to figure out. I may figure it out with a bit more playtime.I would love to see seasons and weather implemented into the game, which would affect sales and scheduling. Higher traffic during the holiday season would be amazing, and possibly something resembling the American Black Friday shopping (although not quite as crazy). I'd also like to see a difference between weekdays and weekends, which could also play into the sales. A rainy Saturday might not generate as much traffic as a sunny Sunday, for instance.It would also be fun to be able to have special sales on items to hopefully increase traffic for a certain day. Something like having a sale on, say, appliances, and then stores could plan accordingly.I'd like to set the prices of movie tickets as well-- having a cheaper price point for a matinee versus a night showing.Also, while the sales graphs and sorting employees by starting time are helpful, I find myself writing down which cashiers are coming in and leaving at which times for my large grocery store, which has 10 registers and will need more soon. I would like an option where I can click on a specific store and see everyone who is coming in and leaving and at what time. This will also be useful when/if the developers are able to implement staff breaks. It would be nice to be able to send employees home early or call employees in to work if the business needs call for it. Some nights I'll have too many people working and other nights I'll have too few. And my poor employees work 7 days a week... they could use a day off!Fantastic game though, I'm really enjoying it!"
,Recommended,521150,26513149,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,YENDOR MOSREH,"so far i like this game, and i will recommend it to any one wanting there kids learning about worker time tables and supply and demand, shop lay outs and worker controll.. it is fun and also educational .."
,Recommended,521150,26509756,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Deygus,I have one word for this game...OUTSTANDING!!!I'm a huge tycoon game fanatic and this game just goes above and beyond the call by bringing back the fun that most tycoons games have since tried and lost for awhile.You can build all sorts of stuff and for an early access game this game is already working very well so far on my end except for a few minor things but I think it'll improve with time.I'll update this review once I've played it alot more.
,Recommended,521150,26510226,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,demerick1,"I've played this for a while and have really enjoyed it as is. It does need a lot more content, but there is enough to do now to make it worth the purchase in early access. I'm excited to watch it grow and I'm very confident that it'll become more and more exciting to play as updates are made."
76561198314886774,Recommended,521150,26448829,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Fireball226,Simple and fun game! Menus can be a little confusing. Very Prison Architect/Rimworld like
76561198034384220,Recommended,521150,26468454,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,@MalikChildish,"Finally a different type of game like prison architect, now I have this to hold me over until someone makes a college version!But seriously this game is well done and the room to improve is crazy! Im already excited to see what direction this game goes in and I will be following this game all the way"
,Recommended,521150,26443397,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,StarshipUK,"Promising with a lot of possibilities. Hopefully bugs will be fixed as well as balancing and more features. At the moment after 6 hours for the moment I am done as it gets to a crazy point where you are constantly adding parking and staff and checkout counters to cope with demand. Ideas: Disabled Parking Bays, Multistory Car Parking, Mass Transit Connections (train, busses etc), Swedish Furniture Stores, Self Service Check Out Counters and Security."
76561198008122840,Recommended,521150,26459537,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,$upport.Raccoon,"Greate GamePro- Good, nice & fresh Idea- Works FluetlyContra- To less customisation (Time + Halfday Worker maybe)"
76561198056134717,Recommended,521150,26489478,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,National7,"I saw this game in a YouTube Let's Play some time ago. For just about €12 I thought it might be a nice little upcoming Gem.Tried a couple of hours, it still lacks content but I think they have a great concept here.The micromanagement is just about right. Optional to go even further in manual tweeking.I hope de def's have some great updates planned. Pretty sure I'll keep my eye on this one.Pro's:- Has good features to play a couple of hours per day.- Nice balance between main gameplay and micromanagement- Good textures / Artsy graphics- Little objectives keep the game challengingCon's:- Tech Tree is a bit simple and takes allot of time.- Same problems keep repeating, not enough parking, long queue's.- Run out of money easilyReminds me of:- Rimworld- Prison Architect- Any succesfull Tycoon game"
76561198127274341,Recommended,521150,26486781,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Kainer,"This is actually a really good little simulator. As you can see, it's in a similar style to Rimworld and Prison Architect, but unlike those games you won't kill half of your population just by taking your eyes off the screen for a second. That said, it isn't overly casual, there is plenty to micro-manage here, from staff management to making sure your shelves are stocked with products that are in demand. I highly recommend this if you are into sim/management games!"
76561198062962411,Recommended,521150,26490094,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,mattkeogh,This game is something ive wanted for a very long time and it does all the things i wanted it to. I imagine more content will be in future updates but I'd like to request one thing. More controll over staff working hours I'd like to be able to control precisely hours but this game is still awesome!!
76561198072888137,Recommended,521150,27770564,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,wiirocks86,"This is a game that seems like it has a lot of potential! Some things the developers should do is fix road glitches, add better restaurants, make 12 hour time an option (Its hard for me to wrap my head around 24 hour time!!!) , maybe in the future add parking ramps and also make an option to add on floors to stores, also LET US ROTATE OBJECTS (Huge struggle when designing the Movie Theater ( Also, the movie theater should not have a minumum seat requirement)). For now this game is okay, but the developers should add some new features fast or they are going to lose sales."
76561198094743513,Recommended,521150,28494274,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Stoldent,Good Game! Its any early game but has a chance for greatness if people found out about it. Even though at the time of writing this review I have put 2 hours in the game and its fun!.... but it also needs security guards.... so if my workers are not there for some bad mistake I make in planning.... I lose money. Good game but it needs to have something to prevent the customers stealing my products.Good Game other than that!
,Recommended,521150,28351787,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,nerdy_betch,"So far I've really enjoyed it however it has started crashing on me to the point that I can't play it.  With the exception of that the only thing I have a bit of an issue with is I feel like there's not enough content.  Even if you just unlocked nicer shelves, talbes, ect. that would be something.  Considering it's an early access I'm pretty impressed with it as it is and I look forward to the improvments."
,Recommended,521150,28206549,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,venkman95,"Really liking the game so far, not going to point out the lack of rotating objects because they said they're working on it.What I'd love to see is an improvement on the UI and the save system. The save system works but it's rather confusing trying to figure out which save is the most recent due to the lack of overwriting saves and kinda confusing save title format, of course some of this might just be me."
76561197960672751,Recommended,521150,33111302,Posted: 1 July,all,☯ purple ice,"It's nice, buy it.UI and Sound needs more polish but the core gameplay is fun and rewarding.Devs seem to be pushing updates at a good pace. Recommended."
,Recommended,521150,33289036,Posted: 5 July,all,FuturamaKing,"Still needs a lot of work, as long as they keep the development it's worth the money :)A bit like prison architect..."
,Not Recommended,521150,31882930,Posted: 21 May,all,respect the loli,"i liked this on my first playthough. i spent 10 hours on my first centre before getting bored. the next time i played, i liked it less an spent less time playing before getting bored and the cycle continues! honestly, the game is lacking features. if you've played it once, you've more than likely seen it all. i was hoping for continuous updates, but really, it's not being frequently updated, which means once you get bored (which, if youre a teenager, will happen fairly quickly) then you'll find yourself never opening it up again. wait until it's officially released or at least hugely updated if you want replay value <3"
,Recommended,521150,32223159,Posted: 6 June,all,RedCard FM,I relly like this game. :DLooking forward to upcoming updates.Thumbs up fpr this great game.
,Recommended,521150,32217706,Posted: 6 June,all,Luggmachine,"So after almost 50 hours of playing here my review:at the moment the game gets very fast boring, but the devs are working very fast.so updates only takes 1-2 weeks and u have new stuff to build.I really look forward to the finished release this game has a huge potential!.And i really enjoyed the 50 hours i spent in the game. well spent money.Regards Lugg"
76561198038670169,Recommended,521150,32162253,Posted: 3 June,all,Pioneerjester,hi cool game but still missing few stuff like shopping trolleys and tollerys collector and security and secuirty gaurds. and have peepers do shoping lifting. but if u life add bakery and deli and butchers..
76561198277941583,Recommended,521150,32044237,Posted: 29 May,all,Toxeyman,"This is a really good game fora startupearly access. If you want to buy it, do it today, you won't regret it. It does need some improvement, but it's still in early access, so give it some slack"
,Recommended,521150,31940802,Posted: 24 May,all,Above | Aluna,Fun little game which I had a couple of hours fun with. After a while it gets quite repetitive and there are some major bugs in this game (for example: if you have a big store sometimes all employess will use the same checkout which results in long waiting lines. Even if you hire new people or reset the checkouts this bug won't go away) if this bug could be fixed and if they put in a rotate option for everything this game would be so much better. If all of this is fixed I sure would play this game again. Like I said I had quite some fun with it!Pros:+ Good concept for a game+ Very addictive+ Good Game DesignCons:- A couple of small bugs but also some Big ones which makes this game almost unplayable- You can't rotate any object6.5/10 In its current state. But after fixes this game could be a 8/10!
76561198014624068,Recommended,521150,31804577,Posted: 17 May,all,Father_of_Four,"This is a great in-dev game. Tons of depth, management interface is good. I also see tons of potential for store development. I would love to see some store sub-categories for diners, Chinese, pizza, burgers, sandwiches, ice cream, etc. Currently there is only one type of restaurant.Would also love to see more scenery, theming, etc.This game does require a lot of micromanagement to balance staffing, analyzing performance, etc. Reminds me a little of roller-coaster tycoon in this way.I'm excited to see how it develops but even now it's lots of fun,  and I recommend it to anyone who loves the design/manage genre.I would add a few pathfinding problems (delivery vehicle parks on the opposite side of the shopping center and then takes most of the day to make a single delivery)It does need a better system to manage margins.  If you have multiple containers of identical product, you currently can only adjust pricing indiivdually for each container.  A manage by type would be most welcome."
,Recommended,521150,32752077,Posted: 24 June,all,TheVaper,"I picked this up in a pretty early state.  The idea is that you build individual stores, stock them with good, staff them, and then watch the customers arrive. You can build stores as standalone buildings, or as part of a larger mall building.   The challenges of building a mall are a lot of fun, and you can burn quite a bit of time on the project.Pay attention to your needs chart.  As you grow, so do the needs of the community. You'll want to build stores to meet these needs. That, in-turn, creates needs in other areas as the community grows. Sometimes you might want to run a busy soda shop at a loss, especially if it helps draw customers to your high-profit camera store.  There's never enough fast food for these people, either, and that's a great way to make a buck.  Oh yeah, and don't forget to hire enough janitors to keep up with the messes those people leave everywhere. Mess attracts rats, and rats multiply.I've had a blast playing this game in pre-release.  I can't wait to see how it develops further. I'm enjoying the replay value. Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,521150,32727804,Posted: 24 June,all,Lunchbox,"I bought this game just for the sake of its name and had pretty much no expectations. It really turned out to be a great game and found myself suggesting this game to others often times. If you want a game that you can invest hours into while watching a movie or a Netflix series, this is the game!"
76561198089196913,Recommended,521150,32757149,Posted: 24 June,all,markalvinchua,"Great game. Addicted to it already 😁.Some suggestions. Hope the devs could add steam cloud support so that the save files is synced through out all my PCs. I know that you can copy and paste the saves, but it will make it much easier.Another suggestion. Since the game runs mostly using mouse control. Hopefully the devs could add touch support. Currently using the touch screen, I need to double click anything that I want clicked.Please also add a way to have multilevel parking and more restaurant types. More floor types and a way to preview them before applyingAlso a way to sort and categorize the different stores/facilities in the manage tab, it gets overwhelming too easily (group by physical buildings, items sold, type (restrooms, maintenance, stores, etc)). Though if it is already in the game, please let me know.Nevertheless, great game. A game that I would really recommend."
,Recommended,521150,32941163,Posted: 28 June,all,Zeus Titan,Amazing game
76561197962099954,Recommended,521150,32974042,Posted: 28 June,all,Scottie Magicthighs,"Feels very much like a little demo at the moment and really needs a huge amount of detail added.  It is fun and i'm sure it will do well, but I feel like I have already played as far as I can with the game, after a handful of hours."
,Recommended,521150,28858742,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[GT] Sesipod ッ,Good game bought it 10HR ago and just spent 9HR on it just after buying it only got off a few times to do normal life things.. Kinda like Prison Architect if you like that game you will like this one as well .- Shawn
76561198017828995,Recommended,521150,28719294,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Billydash,"Yes it's fun.  Long way to go yet, which is good.Endless drop down menus are intensely fatiguing and irritating.Drop-down, drop-down, drop-down, CAR-PARKING , oh need a road first,drop-down, drop-down, drop down, ROAD - put down roaddrop-down, drop-down, drop-down, CAR-PARKING put down car parkingdrop-down, drop-down, drop-down, FRIDGE......you get the idea.I could learn the hotkeys but am hoping I won't need to because system will be revised.Would like some more AI bod control.  Steering AI around with barriers and hedges and if they used the paths causing bottlenecks to solverather than just milling around.But it is good fun which the overiding necessary charateristic of any game."
,Recommended,521150,30361218,Posted: 6 March,all,Omni,Love this game! Can't wait to see what else they do with it! Defo recommend for some relaxed fun!
76561198138725644,Recommended,521150,31578341,Posted: 6 May,all,Y U DO DIS,"Cracked it first. Liked it so much that I wanted to support the developers, so I bought it. This game has a very big potential to become a A+ game. Even though there could be more objects and staff to buy and hire, there´s much work to do and manage. Angry customers will keep you busy. (It´s very challenging on the first tries though, but you´ll get hang of it very fast, I promise). I bet there will be new objects and objectives added soon, updates are coming almost every week.Keep the good work up, ""Quadsphere""!!My rating: 9/11  (nah jk, 10/10)"
76561198202012940,Recommended,521150,31568985,Posted: 5 May,all,gamer10000,"I would just like to say that I forgive this game for being buggy, but I am not able to go into windowed mode to make content for my channel that is my only mild problem, but otherwise this game is fantastic!"
76561198203010801,Recommended,521150,31576613,Posted: 6 May,all,Kvnew,"** version 0.3.0.2Enjoying myself playing this game so far, crashed when i first tried to open it after installing but after a second attempt opened fine. Been running well no crashes since. Since the game is still in development there are limited things you can add to the mall and I hope they add more in the future and looking forward to it."
,Recommended,521150,31629248,Posted: 8 May,all,LorDuy,"4 hours straight right after purchase. Good concept, great potential. However, when you get to know what to do, how to do or when to do anything, it starts getting bored.Hopefully there would be an update in the future. Sort of."
,Recommended,521150,31508534,Posted: 2 May,all,pandand1,"I always love playing city builder and tycoon, this game right now is still too simple compare with other game like this such as prison architect. but i think it has a lot of potential to become a great game."
,Recommended,521150,31532708,Posted: 3 May,all,Jamie,"It's a great game, although earning money is very tough and its difficult to get multiple large buisnesses up.4/5"
,Recommended,521150,31656407,Posted: 9 May,all,JOYRYDE,"Really good game which has a solid foundation to expand on. Hopefully the developers will continue to add to this as this game could become huge. Hopefully they'll address the UI as it is a bit clunky at the moment, but apart from that solid game.8/10"
76561198050267133,Recommended,521150,31713608,Posted: 12 May,all,Equinox,"Not bad for an early access simulation game. Buggy but playable for sure. 7/10,"
76561198324590553,Recommended,521150,31932495,Posted: 24 May,all,NotThisGuy,The game has a ton of stuff to do with endless fun
76561198129846045,Recommended,521150,33881842,Posted: 29 July,all,Nommski,"Certainly enjoyable, crashes a lot at the moment which is slightly to be expected due to it being early access. It has a bright future. It would benefit from having the ability to move ojects or gain back a percentage of money paid if an object needs deleting."
,Recommended,521150,28678218,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SqueekrMel0n,"Early Access Review 09/03/17 9th of MarchThis game has so much potential, and a long life ahead of itself. Right now, the game can be a little barebones in terms of items to play with and customer variances. There are no sales, or black friday esque customer rushes. Though, that is something that can be added in the future. As far as I can tell the game does not have any major performance issues.My biggest gripe is the lack of items to use. There is only one type of checkout/buying counter, a checkout counter and an order counter. It would be great to see self check-outs and customizable check out colours, also alcohol/non alcohol counters.Graphics: 7/10Gameplay: 7.5/10Performance: 9/10Worth it: Yes, definitely if you like Prison Architect esque gamesOverall: 8/10Pros:Amazing potentialGreat conceptAmazing executionNo performance issues notedCons:Can be a bit draggy if you are waiting overnight (skip night option needed if your mall doesn't open 24/7)Not too many items"
,Recommended,521150,34050287,Posted: 5 August,all,darkhart1976,"Well best said it is fun at first. but then it just gets tedious. u find your playing in fast-forward just to get research done. it be awesome to see a beaker as research is being done maybe start as red move to yellow and go to green when finished. the problem is it’s a lot of watching. you don't have a lot of control over your staff. they just kind of do what they do. it needs something to keep you occupied why u wait for more things to open. it also needs impulse buys at the registers. perhaps mini games like blue light specials that stop the fast forward and you try and sell a product for a particular time and if you make it you get extra cash to buy other things. this game has potential to be the next stardew valley. at this time, it just needs a way to keep you coming back."
76561198123517194,Recommended,521150,34821994,Posted: 8 September,all,Neomessiah,"The game has all the potential to be a very good game, saying that however it needs prob another year before it's going to be worth even playing it on EA.   It needs a lot doing to it and by releasing it so early strikes me as a game desperate for funds and may not get finished.  Still I'd say give it a go just for the potential and if it does get nearer a finished product it has a decent base for being a modern day theme park type business sim."
76561198200487797,Recommended,521150,34905244,Posted: 12 September,all,DragonRyder75,its a good game i and i like it a ton but needs more crap in it if you ask me but thx devs for all the hard work
,Recommended,521150,34914849,Posted: 13 September,all,lanecc10,This game is pretty fun to play. I do reccommend that you do the tutorial when first starting. this game has limited content right but hopfully in the future we will get to see more content. game is a great early access game. I would get it on sell if you want to try it out. 12.99 USD is a little high for this game but i do reccomend you try it if you like tycoon games.
76561198063296805,Recommended,521150,30126245,Posted: 23 February,all,Babidiboopy,"Not much content yet, But it's awesome!!!!"
76561198119202220,Recommended,521150,35140494,Posted: 22 September,all,dragonsawareness,Has some good concepts. A bit confusing. Wishing it had linux support.
