user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198122163777,Recommended,521790,35121014,Posted: 21 September,all,Opal Knight,"Ancient Frontier is a well polished and pretty straightforward addition to the turn-based strategy genre.  There are two different campaigns to play through, each with story missions, bonus missions, and training missions to choose from.  The story missions are fully voiced with a lot of flavor in the banter between the different characters.  Even the tutorial (which is completely optional and can be skipped entirely) is fully voiced and sets up the characters nicely.The game offers three difficulty modes so it can appeal to veterans of the genre and newbies alike.  I don't play many tactical turn-based games, so it's nice to see that I can ease into the game on easy mode while veterans can dive right in without having to wade through loads of too-simplistic missions from the get-go.  The game does not have a manual save function, however, so any mistakes I make in a campaign I have to live with, without the safety net of a redo.The story missions drive the campaigns forward, but players can choose up to two bonus or training missions inbetween each story mission to gain additional experience or resources.  Training missions do not award any resources, but they will not have any lasting negative effects (like loss of ships) should they turn out poorly, and are useful for gaining experience.There are plenty of ship types for players to choose for their fleet: some with high firepower, some with scouting abilities and little firepower, etc.  Selecting the appropriate ship types to purchase and deploy is vital to the success of the missions.  There is also equipment to add onto ships for further customization and better tactics.The meat of the gameplay is pretty standard for a space map, turn-based strategy game with a few exceptions.  Instead of the player taking a turn with all of his ships in whatever order he chooses and then the computer AI taking a turn with all of its ships, each individual ship gets its own turn in a randomized line-up each phase.  The player can only act with the currently active ship, and the active ship rotation is different every turn.  This adds an extra level of strategy required because the optimal turn line-up of a player's fleet probably isn't going to be an option.  Also, space terrain (asteroids and the like) play an important roll in the strategy as positioning a ship near an asteroid for cover can be a key tactic in defeating an enemy fleet or become a hazard which can destroy a ship unit.All in all, this is a nice solid entry in the tactical turn-based genre.  There are plenty of choices for players to customize different strategies with.  The game is well polished with detailed graphics and great voice work.  And yet there are some key differences with other titles in the genre giving this game a unique feel all of its own to gameplay.  It's more of the same great turn-based tactics, without just being more of the same."
76561198072019292,Recommended,521790,35144621,Posted: 22 September,all,hottotties,"What an unexpected pleasant surprise this turned out to be.Solid hex based tactical combat, polished graphics, and almost the entire game is voiced as well.  While the story has only been decent so far, leveling your ships and developing your space fleet have me hooked.  I don't think I'm close to being through the first campaign after 20 hours so there's a ton of gameplay here.I do wish you could take your heroes into bounty missions, and I wouldn't mine a bigger map variety.  The gameplay is about the combat and army building though, and those parts are quite solid.This is an amazing game for the price and will probably eat up way more time than I have to give."
76561198279002859,Recommended,521790,35130386,Posted: 22 September,all,Rosie Heart,"For an indie developer this game has high production value with crisp graphics, peaceful music, voice acting and clear instructions with tooltips for everything.  Play is fluid and you can fully rotate the map.  Each unit only has a set number of abilities to use in each quest - ship repairs, boosts, missiles - so your tactics are important.  This title is very enjoyable to play through and makes a great turn-based space combat sim."
,Recommended,521790,35167501,Posted: 23 September,all,Sheepify,"Turn-based tactical goodness... in SPACE!For a game out of nowhere, Ancient Frontier offered me a highly pleasant surprise. Good turn-based tactical games are not overly abundant to start with, so I decided to bite the bullet and buy on a whim. Something I rarely do, but boy am I glad to have done so.The game is all about the tactical missions. There are two main campaigns, which apparnetly can take around 100 hours to play through. No multiplayer or skirmish mode.Missions bring you varying quantity of one of the three main resources (""material,"" ""fuel,"" and ""research""). The first allows is used to buy new ships or components and repair battle damage. Aside from being required as well to purchase new ships, the second resource is an all-important balancing mechanism. Since each ship class (and modifier components) alter the cost of deployment for each mission. Take too many expensive ships too often on missions, and you will run out... which will probably end your playthrough. The last allows investing in upgrades to each ship class, or to research new and more efficient modifier components.There are five ship types to start with for both campaigns, with more unlocked as the game progresses. All the ships, for both factions, have their unique niches and abilities. While in general ""bigger is better,"" if only from survivability point of view, the deployment costs favor using lighter ships if you are comfortable in their handling and performace. There is certainly plenty to pick from, as you will likely end up being able to afford much heavier force than what can be reasonably supplied with ""fuel.""The ships themselves can be further modified by equipping additional components, though I have yet to find use for anything other than shield upgrades. The drawbacks to other equipment types seem counterproductive to my style of playing.The missions are varied and randomized enough not to be overly repetitive, although there does not feel to be too many types of side missions. Luckily, all the campaign main missions are hand-crafted as to avoid tedium. I do have to agree with something another player pointed out - the side missions actually do detract from the pacing of the campaign. On the other hand, you will need the resources they bring... as long as you can afford the deployment costs.In the end, it's all about the combat. Ships move in a semi-randomized order based on their Initiative. Unfortunately, as of my writing this review, there is no option to delay the use of a specific ship. It is a minor thing, but something that would have come in handy a few times.The gameplay is fluid and entertaining. The small scale engagements mean each mission does not take too long to complete, which makes for a handly downtime title for work days evenings.The graphics are crisp and readable, the sound is GREAT (excellent VO artists, and a kickass soundtrack along with plenty of satisfying combat sounds), and the gameplay engaging, with sufficient difficulty curve on Veteran to make things challenging.Definitely recommended for anybody with a tactical space itch to scratch.Edit: Something that apparently should be mentioned - the game uses ""Ironman"" save style to ensure ship losses are permanent. At least on higher difficulties. If that's not your thing... well, I'd still give it a go. There's always ""Easy"" difficulty where you lose no ships :)Edit 10.01.17- The most recent patch introduced manual save option, so the above no longer applies."
,Recommended,521790,35157201,Posted: 23 September,all,armouredpriest,"Initial thoughts after a couple hours:Ancient Frontier is a strategy/tactical turn based sci-fi game with some RPG elements (ability to improve your ships over time).  I'm told that the two available campaigns are each past the 30 hour range so that's something to look forward to.I've really enjoyed my time with it so far...I'd compare it favorably to recent releases in the genre (such as XCom).The sound design and music well compliment the game play, and are excellent (espescially for an indie release where such things can be tossed to the wayside in favor of getting the game to work...a concern with indie developers).This game is, production wise, the complete package.it also helps that the game is pretty fun.I will definately continue playing and I enthusiastically recommend it."
76561198023006259,Recommended,521790,35195376,Posted: 24 September,all,Thuloid,"Ancient Frontier is a turn-based, semi-RPG tactical fleet space combat game which takes place on hexagonal maps - but you can tell more or less that from the store page. What you can't tell from the store page is how slickly done it all is, especially for a game from a very small company, or that it's fairly addicting and has some nice replay value.Things that stand out to me as positive:-Fleet development. Building up my fleet, losing ships permanently (think X-COM in space), researching the upgrades I want for the ships I like to use most - this means I get to play my way, and that every decision (e.g., whether to go on one more optional mission) has meaningful risk to it. I tend to fall into ""just one more mission"" mode, which is a good feeling.-Graphics/sound/music. The game looks and sounds very good, closer to a game from a more established developer. It runs well on multiple machines (one pretty new, one six years old and getting a bit ragged) for me.-Story. This may surprise you if you read a few reviews mentioning cheesy dialogue and voice acting. Yes, it's true - the early missions are lightweight, focusing on slightly saccharine relationships between a few characters. Ignore that. Blow past it. Once the real shooting starts, the story gets much richer, the enemies get more fun, and there's far more at stake.Things that stand out less positive:-FIXED by patch, 9/27.-It's possible on certain escort/protect the civilians missions to lose on turn 1 before you can do much to save them. This is mostly a matter of bad luck, and it should be infrequent, but is a little annoying when it happens. Edit: Should happen less due to patch, 9/27.Other notes:- The two campaigns really play differently from the start. Strikingly so. Tactics that work with the Alliance don't work with the Federation, and vice versa.- Small balance and quality of life changes and patching seems to be happening quickly right now (less than a week since release). Obviously that can't continue indefinitely, but it's nice to see things that needed a quick fix get it."
76561198017975705,Recommended,521790,35127255,Posted: 22 September,all,MudCrab,"It's.... okay...At it's core you have a hex based turn based space combat game and that isn't too bad. Your different types of ships handle differently. Some fighter class ships for example get given three move actions during their turn, allowing them to race in, shoot with admittedly small guns, and then use the last move actions to run away again. Bigger ships may have only one move action, meaning that once they move during their turn they are committed.Nice enough game mechanic and once you get your head around it you can develop some very effective tactics around this.The battles are linked by a perma death campaign system which I believe defaults to Iron Man. If you want to scum save go play Life is Strange. You play your battles, collect the three base currenties of 'material' (for repairing and building ships), 'fuel' (which allows you to send your ships out on missions) and 'Data' (which you spend to unlock the tech tree). Your ships also slowly level up. This gives each ships a minor boast to their stats each level but there is not individual skill tree.So all that is relatively straight forward and the big love/hate thing is the storyline missions. There are two campaigns where you follow either the 'Empire' or the 'Rebels'. Each side gets different ships to select and has different characters to follow, each of which is voice acted.So... the voice acting and the plot... Yeah... It is either deliberately ironically cheesey to play up to the tropes, or it is just cheesy bad. There may originally have been an intention to animate the characters in proper cut scenes but instead with get portraits with dialogue boxes, broken up with what seems to be the original direction notes from the shooting script. If you like playing visual novels/dating simulators you might enjoy it more but having pages of dull dialogue broken up with [he turned and closed the door behind him] directions every single time you start a story mission can get grating.As for the actual story? Dunno. Something is happening which the story is building up to but the pace is pretty slow. Normally between each story mission you get the option to do 'bounty missions' to gain loot and skill up your crews, but this is capped at three missions before you have to get back to the plot. The problem is you do a plot mission which hints that 'Mysterious Plot Things' are happening, you finish the mission and bang, straight back to the 'bounty missions' screen with no story based cut scene to tease and tempt you as to what actually just happened. In some ways the story is not as much unfolding as suddenly waving itself in your face just when you start to get settled into some good old space ships thumping. I am not sure if as the story progresses you are given more freedom to plan your stragetic moves but the first five or so story missions are strictly scripted and linear.The other problem is you are given a 'hero' ship which nominally contains your 'main character'. This hero doesn't go on the 'bounty missions' which means he levels up a lot slower and also when he does turn up you have no real emotional attachment to him.So... it's not a great game. It's not bad enough for me to give it a thumbs down but I can see myself forgetting I even have this installed within a couple of days and never going back to it.So yeah, it's 'okay'."
76561197998030586,Recommended,521790,35243438,Posted: 27 September,all,Galp,"This turned out to be a nice surprise. The voice acting is not great so at first you'll think it's a cheesy game. But once you get going its a very solid, hexy, turn based space strategy game with two long campaigns.The combat engine is gorgeous and although the rules are streamlined (no weapons arcs or ship facing) it's very satifying and allows for interesting tactics. Your forces are persistent (you keep and grow your army mission to mission) and there's a bit of a meta game with the resources. The research tree isn't deep but it's very broad with trees for each ship type.The game is not necessarily hard in individual missions but the challenge comes from shepherding your forces throughout the full campaign (Panzer General kept popping into my head).On the bad side the writing and acting range from bad to ok. It's not a fast game, missions can take a little while and there's a leisurly vibe to most as you clear out a small section at a time (xcom style so as not to wake other groups of enemies).If you like traditional turn based combat on hexes you will enjoy this.Full review available here."
76561198030051819,Recommended,521790,35240766,Posted: 27 September,all,motorbit,"great game. unlike many games that encurage save scumming, i have the feeling that my decissions realy matter, and the deployment costs make me think about how many forces is should bring to a battle instead of just crushing everything with total overkill. the two campains are quite long, so it has plenty of content.the difficulty i think is spot on, tho the save system can be quite unforgiving, you can afford to make a few mistakes.definitively worth the price if you like space ships and hex strategy games."
76561198177224561,Recommended,521790,35196425,Posted: 24 September,all,Kestra,"This is a turn based game where you fly your fleet of spaceships around the map looking for enemies and collecting resources.  You can choose how many ships you use on missions and buy upgrades with resources gained.  The ability to move the camera angle around to get a 3-dimensional feel during the missions is fantastic.  The graphics are detailed and the gameplay is enhanced by the music, sound effects and voice acting. I've really enjoyed this game so far and I would definitely recommend it!"
76561198006660339,Recommended,521790,35215425,Posted: 25 September,all,Luke,While it starts a bit slow and easy the missions become slowly more intense and the subtleties of the combat start to click. And the RPG aspect of developing your ships is compelling. Stick with it :-)
76561198021580345,Recommended,521790,35225715,Posted: 26 September,all,bradleymac77,"This game was a pleasant surprise. The gameplay is great and the story is good too.  The voice acting is not the greatest but it is adequate and I have heard worse on a game I paid twice as much for. It has run flawlessly for me and I suspect that most of the people having trouble running the game do not have updated Microsoft Visual C++ Libraries as the devs recommended (you can update your libraries here""https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/2977003/the-latest-supported-visual-c-downloads"")."
76561198055199615,Recommended,521790,35144020,Posted: 22 September,all,joekerwuzhere,I like Sci-Fi.  I like tactical turn-based games.  If you like those things give this game a try.  I did and I liked it.
76561198427198130,Recommended,521790,35240781,Posted: 27 September,all,Jellybean,Cool fleet management sim.  Pretty tough actually.  Really fun tho.  There are a lot of decisions to make to build up a good fleet and keep it that way.  Was more involved than I thought it would be.  It is a really cool game and I'm glad I found it.Yes would recommend this game.
76561198000361769,Recommended,521790,35248195,Posted: 27 September,all,lucaslmoore,"I am enjoying this game a lot!  It's a turn-based strategy game in space.  Each unit has differing amounts of moves and actions depending on the ship.  Also you can decide the order actions you take.  For example, a unit with 2 moves and 2 actions remaining, could move away from cover, fire a torpedo at an enemy ship, move back to cover and then charge shields.  There are different factions to choose from which have different ships and abilities.  As play missions, your ships level up as well.  You can purchase different ships as you go, but it looks like you can acquire ships and other personnel, for that matter, through different means.  I like the customization in the game.  You can choose which ships to deploy for the various missions, and you can choose how to upgrade different classes of ships through tech trees.  The graphics are really well done and I enjoy the music too.  Randomly, the camera does zoom in for an action shot, to give it some cinematic effect.  There are different difficulty levels, so I would reccomend this to veterans and beginners alike to this genre."
76561198253912591,Recommended,521790,35254298,Posted: 27 September,all,b_twitchett,"The overall quality of this game is great. I enjoyed the general look of the game with the graphics quality being top notch. The way the story is woven into the game play draws you in. You can tell the the developer has put a lot of work into the title and it's quality shines through. I enjoyed being able to zoom in and out and pan around the world with fluidity throughout, giving you a different perspective of the map with each pan. I'm looking forward to  playing this game more in the coming days and, with extra side missions and simulations, I would think it will keep me entertained for many months to come. Well done Fair Weather Studios on a game that will shine in all weathers!"
76561198018756376,Not Recommended,521790,35160350,Posted: 23 September,all,lor0001,"So it's hard for me to vote no, because it's a pretty solid turn based tactics game. They've got the framework for something great here...but the writing is awful. So. Freaking. Awful. There is no engaging lore or history to draw you in, just random references to temples and The Machine God. No one uses 'baby' that often in every conversation. It's like someone who doesn't know how to interact with people, attempted to simulate interactions between people."
76561197992600412,Recommended,521790,35434866,Posted: 2 October,all,RavensDaemon,Great game. I love the tactical battles and the story is great. he Devs listen to feedback and interact on the forums which is a major plus.
76561197993344431,Recommended,521790,35357074,Posted: 30 September,all,maxspector,"Influenced by the TBS of the likes of Xcom, which I have always enjoyed immensely, their isn't quite the same enamor for your ships that you develop with our Xcom team. Still, that style of turn based play is easy to engage. You start out with decent enough ships to progress but getting the big boys later on make a huge difference. The AI is a pretty good opponent though at times, they seem to have the advantage of making shots you can't make and most certainly seem have better weapons in both range and punch. However, good probing strategies with ambushing withdrawl tactics works well in this game.It pays well to level your ships with the side missions to either level up at no damage cost regardless of what happens in game which is a nice feature. Gearing up your ships is limited to 2 slots of add ons and so far that never changes, what does change amongst the classes is the weapons that the are base outfitted with. There's some customization, but with two slots you quickly find only one or two groups of two items that fits your playing style and stick with it, so the rest is just stuff you won't use.The mines on the playing field are challening and offer a great defensive concern and an offensive one since torpedoes in the game can be launched to clear them and anything dumb enough to get close to them. There's not much different in each of the missions that you play, the game play can get pretty boring if you are not a tactical TBS  nut. It's a small studio game and it really shows. No fancy graphics, good modeling of the ships and animations of battle, but the rest is pretty slim.I have a love hate relationship with the hard written storyline - I don't like the character we are playing in the game and you get no personal data control - except to rename your ships. That's it. The supposed love interest between officers that ""chat"" with you much like an adventure story is a bit too contrived and overtly smug. Sadly though, that's the only thing that adds change to the game once you can build the big ships.  The depth of the game is about ankle deep.It's a fun little turn based strategy and true, there is a real void in the space game genre for a game like this - I just wish that deeper pocket big company would have taken on something like this though these two guys did okay for what is a very limited budget.  I bought it, I played it, I might mess with it if they upgrade depth or dcs it. If you can afford to toss the coin it's worth a gander if your like me and have 100+ titles in your libraries. If you have to be picky about laying down coin, you might might not want to jump in just yet - unless like these authors, you really want any kind of entry into this turn on space play."
76561198020969827,Recommended,521790,35438913,Posted: 3 October,all,Furriousbob,Good game.  Pleasantly surprised at how many updates the Devs have pushed out in the first couple of weeks.
76561197995991106,Recommended,521790,35186753,Posted: 24 September,all,alex.cullin,Great game on v1.01 but latest patch has introduced a few little bugs.  Hopefully they will get them sorted soon.  Its been a long time since we had a good little turn based space game.
,Recommended,521790,35123782,Posted: 22 September,all,IcewaterCreekStudios,"First Off here is our equipment as always.Our gear/package (Its huge)Running at 61-63 FPSNVidea GTX 960Intel I-7Samsung MonitorDDR3 12GBOn this equipment we run at 60 fps no lag, or hesitation.Get out your stripper money...... on to the stuff you really want to see;At first glance, this is a well done Turn Based RTS. If you have played the likes of XCOM, Expeditions Consquistador, Galactic Civ, Sins of the Solar Empire, this game is right up your proverbial ""Space Porthole"" if you will.Two different races to play campaign mode, The Alliance and Federation. Hope more come at a later date.In all honesty, the writing is cheeky (They use words like ""Baby"" and ""Pookie"" which is women speaking to men characters, which does not belong in military or space warfare).Our view is all dialog is an adult talking to gradeschool children or two dating teenage kids, in our first blunt opinion. Perhaps tho that is their fan base target market.The programmers might have felt this way because they allow you to skip the dialog with a button in the bottom right...  so thats nice.Enough of that...The tutorial, if you have never played Turn Based RTS, will get you very aquainted with the mechanics of this game and most RTS.Now if you are like us, jump on it and start your first campaign..The GUI's (Information windows) are very large. So very easy to naviagte.The graphics/sound effects of battle are done well, programming done terrific thus far.Buttons are big so the GUI's, big in scale and it does fill the screen nicely so there is no strainon the eyes or a need for a monocle. Haha!  Phew!So the summary;Dialog --  DGraphics --  BSound Effects --  BTutorial --  AGUI and Mechanics-- AProgramming --  ATesting; Seems bug free thus far, if there are any they are not game impending.Updates -- A (They already did a hot fix, wonderful work!)We will ammend and update our review constantly.Ammended; We are seeing a nice smooth ride after 2 hours of play... getting better as ships get leveled. Do not like that you can only do 2 side missions before a story line mission, but perhaps there is a silver lining as to why down the road!  As we journey forth...Discalimer; The Review Crew's evaluations are based on paying close attention to forum response and activity, system demand, fun of the game genre, position of originality in respective genre, growth of the project in its current state at time of review, graphics as a whole for end user, presentation of the game and display, replayability, patch/tweak progress, beginner friendliness & gameplay direction, content & depth, attention to detail on small things(polish), lag and multiplayer application if applicable, badge card availability, with a minimum 8 hours of gameplay and interaction with customer base after release. We are not affliliated with any specific brand or entity or on any payroll. All views are based on positive only feedback as we are in no position to criticise anyones craft, just current states of development and progress at the time of our participation. If we offend anyone with our content, it was not us! Our review was hacked!"
,Not Recommended,521790,35212798,Posted: 25 September,all,r0sshk,"TL;DR: Only one saveslot per game, autosaves even if you ALT+F4. If that's fine by you, give it a shot I guess.From what I've seen so far, this is a really nice game. It's sort of like Xcom2 in space (including ""pods"" that only start moving once you spotted them), with ships instead of soldiers. If that's what you want, you're gonna have a fun time. I, however, was hoping for some more traditional turn-based fun with RPG elements.My main gripe, I think, is with the save system. There is only one save slot per campaign you start, and you can't load an earlier save of said slot. So if you lose a ship, that's it. The ship is gone. You can Alt+F4, but the game remembers it and sets you back to the mission select screen with all the damage and losses applied that you suffered during the mission.Personally, I like to play on hard difficulties so I can learn the game, and then reload a mission again and again until I finish it in a satisfactory manner. Yes, I'm a savescumming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Because I only have so many hours of free time per week and don't want to waste them on a savegame that's essentially stuck because all my good soldiers got blown up.The devs, apparently, worked really hard to keep players like me from enjoying this game. And I'm going to reward their hard labour by refunding this huge disappointment.This was an incredibly frustrating experience. I've been waiting for a game like this for YEARS, and then the developers seem to have taken insult from the mere idea of me playing it like I want to."
76561198002595567,Not Recommended,521790,35221962,Posted: 26 September,all,Rodrigo,"A not bad little tactical space game marred by a sub-par interface, linear missions, and some of the worst writing and voice acting I've ever seen.  For cheap, not a bad way to while away a couple hours, but the AI might as well be non-existant, so your greatest threat comes from misclicking or random bad luck.  Hard to overstate how bad the writing is, and while a couple of the voice actors at least sound like they're trying to act, some of them are so wooden and awkward they're either non-English speakers reading it phonetically, or it's a text-to-speech program."
76561198379954620,Not Recommended,521790,35214615,Posted: 25 September,all,swan50701,"Game locks up,  Unable to finsih Tutorial or to start a campain.While I would not recomend this game to anyone with the 8GB memory sujested minimum.  I will say that the game looked like a very fun one."
76561198031570294,Not Recommended,521790,35236477,Posted: 26 September,all,redcircle1,Game will not load. Refund.
76561198053590827,Not Recommended,521790,35191341,Posted: 24 September,all,tjbackroads,it does not work. lost $20
