user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198080230035,Recommended,521920,30781689,Posted: 27 March,all,twitch,"71 years old,usually play either FPS or Point and Click Adventure games.First time I've ever played a break out game/bat ball game so unable to compare so will just comment on maker of game.I have never seen some one listen to players as well as this gentelman did and respond to them as soon as he did.Great job and I really like the game,good for my reflexes.Can't believe it's on sale for $0.49 .Get it...."
,Recommended,521920,33804724,Posted: 26 July,all,JacquesLeSauve,"Following on in the same vein as the likes of Breakout and Arkanoid, Death's Hangover is a bat & ball type game where two gender-swapped lady men use a mattress in place of a bat, and a spiked tub instead of a ball, to work their way through B*stard Dracula's domain to defeat him at the behest of a hungover Death... At least I think that's what's going on.If you've ever played any kind of bat & ball game before then this will be immediately familiar to you, with the possible exception of the playing field taking place within actual habitable environments rather than a mere screen full of blocks. This adds a lot of personality to the game, along with the creatures and obstacles that threaten your progress, and this is what I think really helps set it apart from other, similar games. Various forms of enemies will try to move down the screen towards your character and must either be avoided or eliminated with the ball, though there are a small number of power-ups you can collect to make things easier, like being able to make the bat wider or spiked or sticky, or having a flame ball or a ghost ball or multiball. It also helps that you can speed up or slow down the movement of the bat at will, and that you only need to knock the ball through the exit of each stage rather than clear away all blocks.If I'm being honest, there isn't a massive amount more to the game than this. There's a nice variety of different enemies and locations; one moment you could be confronted by panicked burning victims in a furnace area, the next you could be in an arena battling warriors or in the sewers being grossed out by poo monsters - and I especially appreciate having boss battles in a Breakout style game. But aside from these, there isn't anything that's necessarily going to blow you away or keep you glued to the game for too long once you've maybe explored some of the multiple paths and endings or gotten all the achievements.To its credit, though, the game does seem as though it might possibly be something of a work in progress at the moment since new content has been gradually added over the past few months for free, with signs pointing to more coming in future (like a more robust level creation system as well as the ability to upload your own stages and play other people's as well). In the meantime, this is a fun little time-waster that's presented and plays well while offering its own interesting twist to keep you busy enough for a few hours."
76561198152371163,Recommended,521920,32274519,Posted: 8 June,all,EplcGamer,"I Bought Death's Hangover while it was on sale and I really liked it.You're going to get some good laughs and memorable characters.Furthermore, It is still getting updates frequently with new content.If you like this game's style I also recommend you check out the devoleper's other games.8/10"
,Recommended,521920,25514542,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Apothecarrion,"really fun arkanoid adventure game... reminds me of spinball but with breakout.story is dumb as hell in some funny ways, some others fall flat but the dev at least seems to tryalso if you check the discussions page for the game youll find the dev is very active, always a good thing to see.fun little distraction among the hour crunchers"
,Recommended,521920,30806685,Posted: 28 March,all,LewkForce,"Bought this in a sale for $0.49. Took just over 8 hours to get 100% of the 50 Achievements.Pros:- Great soundtrack done using old-school MIDI tracks- Sound effects are spot on and pleasing- Art style and gameplay screams Sega Genesis/Mega Drive/SNES- Nails the feel of retro arcade games- Plenty of options you can adjust to your liking- Nice casual gaming experience- Simple and intuitive mechanics- Lighthearted comedy in a game that doesn't take itself too seriously- Well-imagined bosses and levels- Local 2-player mode avilable (I haven't tried this out, though)- Very high replay value, especially when trying to beat that high score (however, not a whole lot of replay value after getting 100%)- Impressive little game completely done from scratch by one very talented man- Neat Story Mode with mini point-n-click adventures between levels to flesh out the plotCons:- Level editing is very limited and there currently is no way to upload/download content from other users (as of 3/28/17)- No real incentive to play on any difficulty other than ""Easy"" (except ""Hard"" has blue gems worth 1,000 points), since it has RNG elements (sort of like a rogue-like) so each level is set up with pools of seeded rooms that show up at any difficulty- ""Dying"" through a failed Cheat Death attempt and then choosing to ""Continue"" has a weird amount of screens that feels awkward and unpolished- Many plot holes (Who are the souls you're freeing? Why does Death have his hangover to begin with? Was he celebrating something, or drinking to try and forget? Where did Bob's huge spiked metal walnut come from?)- No way to play individual levels, you must play through all of them sequentially- Arcade Mode unlocks Story Mode, which just doesn't feel rightAll in all, it's completely worth it's full price of $4.99. It's got charm, poop monsters, and two men who become women. A fantastic casual retro game (a-la Arkanoid) that will make you say, ""Wow, this was made by just one dude?""7.7/10"
,Recommended,521920,30904397,Posted: 2 April,all,XJ9,"Damn, that's amazing Arkanoid game! Tons of fun jokes, juicy blood, and hilarious sounds lol.+Visuals: I simply love that visual style since the super trench attack, nothing to add here, it's great.+Soundwork: Looks like those white balls you use contain brutal man inside, just listen to it xD, aside of that, music is nice.+Gameplay: Various levels, + boss levels, secret passageways, build your own levels and all of that is in the Arkanoid game - very nice.+Multiplayer+Cards+Achievemets+Cheap AF-??????????????http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=897029964"
,Recommended,521920,30823279,Posted: 29 March,all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"Coming in from Retro Army Limited, the same indie developer that brought us the well-loved Super Trench Attack, is Death's Hangover; a title that the company calls a ""ball and bat"" game, but in reality it's a more sophisticated version of the classic 1976 arcade game, Breakout. Death has taken two victims, Andy and his lovable sidekick Bob, and held their souls captive, declaring that they must defeat the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dracula or else Death will kill them... again. Needless to say, this is a game that is purely satirical, yet it offers unique and challenging levels.Death's Hangover features not only single player mode, but also a two player mode as well in case you want to face Death and his army with a friend. Across 96+ levels, players will face a variety of enemies and bosses, all the while facing grueling the challenges that come with each one. Some levels have sides that can only be hit a certain number of times before your ball can potentially fly off the side, some have water that skews the trajectory of the ball, and some have levers that must be hit in order to remove obstacles from the play area. You never quite know what you're going to be up against until you get there.  While the primary focus of this game is of course the arcade mode, once you beat it you also unlock puzzle levels which tack on a generous amount of replayability.To further enhance the on-your-toes gameplay style that this title has taken on is the inclusion of a decent variety of power-ups; from one-time uses like the multi-ball and bomb, to actual pick-ups like the fart ball, bat glue, bat length increase, fire ball, and more. Some power-ups even allow for you to throw projectiles from the bat, rather than relying on the ball to hit enemies and bosses, such as the scythe and spike. At any given time you can hold up to two power-ups in your inventory, with the ability to switch between them on the fly by using the mouse scroll wheel, though be prepared to lose whichever you are currently using if you either get hit by a monster or fail to catch the ball. You're also able to control the speed of your ball, temporarily speeding it up or slowing it down, to help whatever situation you may be facing.Your entire objective in Death's Hangover is to obtain souls for Death, get enough of them by a certain progression point and you're able to please him, however if you do not then you must face Death himself in an all-out battle. Since most players will not guess that you need to use these souls at a specific time, most will probably use them in a mini-game called Cheat Death; wherein if you have died, you can choose to spin the wheel of death to have a chance to start back at the exact moment you died, with a power-up at your disposal. Use too many souls to cheat Death, and you will not have enough when you need them, which leads to the ultimate challenge that this game has to offer.The graphics have a really nice retro style to them, and it's obvious that a lot of time and effort went in to creating them. The bosses and enemies look fantastic, although it's the backgrounds that really capture one's attention. The soundtrack isn't half bad either, and the written dialogue will garner a few low-key chuckles here and there; it helps that the two main characters are men who have been trapped in the bodies of women thanks to Death. I grabbed Death's Hangover for $0.54 on sale, which is one heck of a steal for the amount of content that it houses. If you can get it for this price, I highly recommend doing so. Even the full retail price of $5.49 CAD is quite a bargain.Rating:4.0/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
,Recommended,521920,28851787,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Garce,"Death's Hangover is not your grandfather's ""Breakout"" - nor is it you father's ""Arkanoid"". Having played both of those games upon release (yes, I am old...), and being a big fan of well-made ball and bat games, Death's Hangover oozes love and attention to detail. And farts. And poop.With story-driven level progression (albeit a story centred around two of the dumbest protagonists in video game history, and a sarcastic and cynical Grim Reaper who is obvously just messing with them), Death's Hangover has wonderful pixel graphics that remind me of my old TurboGrafx-16. The music - although sparse - is wonderful.It can change from a relaxing block-breaker into bullet hell with more stuff on screen that my old brain can process. There are a few minor issues, but the developer seems detirmined to squash the bugs - and actively accepts input.The problems I had:1) Received a Visual Basic Runtime Error and the game crashed. Have not been able to replicate it, though.2) Once, my ball was bouncing between two unbreakable blocks. For ten minutes until I quit and continued.3) It can get unforgivenly hard.4) These types of games REALLY need a paddle controller. The controls are fully customizable, though, and the mouse works well enough. Or you can use a keyboard or controller.These are minor quibbles. If you enjoy a good ball and paddle game with fantastic retro-style graphics, download the demo and give it a chance. Then buy the game. I bought it on sale for under $3 Canadian, and I actually feel guilty for not paying full price.I payed about ten times that much for Breakout on the Atari 2600. Devil's Hangover is better. It also runs smooth as silk on my crappy Acer 2.1 gh Celeron powered laptop with Intel Graphics.Now excuse me, I have to play some more..."
,Recommended,521920,25594169,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,victimsofretail,"I REALLY like playing this game!! I always had a fondness for 'breakout' style games, and this one is no exception, bringing great enjoyment and fun. I personally have not seen things worthy of complaint, and there have been 3 updates since I got this game, which is very affirming. Granted, there WERE some things that interfered with total enjoyment, that have been fixed before I even had a chance to complain...so I can write a favorable review without reservation. Between Death's Hangover, and a psychedelic brick-breaker called 'Happy Pong' that came out a few weeks prior to the release of this here game, I've got two ideal games to perfectly scratch my 'breakout' type game itch. A good time to be a gamer!! lol"
,Recommended,521920,31015705,Posted: 8 April,all,LikeDrocher,Good game. But there have been quite a difficult moments.
,Recommended,521920,32280572,Posted: 8 June,all,moist.boi,"Solid breakout/arkanoid type game with characters and story.  The music is adequate, graphics are charming, and the story is surprisingly interesting and funny. My only partial complaint is the game is short, but not short enough that I feel ripped off. (Also, there are multiple endings and enough hidden souls to find that you will definitely want to play through it more than once.)** I have to give props to the dev who is extremely involved with the community and willing to take advice when revising this game, so I would be surprised if there weren't significant updates after this review was written"
,Recommended,521920,31936252,Posted: 24 May,all,Cohen The Barbarian,"Death's Hangover is a arkanoid style ball'n'bat game with unique mechanics.Pros:+ Game mechanics: Lots of innovation to the genre+ Jokes+ Nice artstyle+ FunNeutral:~ Sfx and soundtrack is a bit shallowCons:- None8/10 Its a little gem. If you want a fun, innovative ball'n'bat game with a retro look, this is it."
76561198166620870,Not Recommended,521920,34485418,Posted: 25 August,all,DontBlink +_- UrDead,"It's a good gag gift. The gameplay is good but everything else is bad in my opinion.The writing is dreadful... nit sure if it's tranlated but you'll read stuff like ""Har ! Har ! Y - Your so stupid Har ! G - Giant""The graphics are also terrible, but at the price I guess that's a given. Still, doesn't excuse it.The gameplay itself is alright...For a Breakout clone, it's unique because it's set in a horror universe. Lots of cool power ups but seems like the game was written to appeal to the kids with raging hormones.Cool tower system reminiscent of games like Mortal Kombat. You move upward as you progress. Not bad.I can't recommend it... not even for $0.99 Sorry. If there is one thing I can't stand, it's badly written dialogue.Will I play it again? Maybe. I don't know, I might just uninstall it and be one with it."
76561197995669628,Recommended,521920,26497931,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sorokonojka,"Death's Hangover is a breakout game with a story,road forks,boss fights and multiple endings . Unlike most generic arcade games this one feels more like a complete package with some replay value . Plus you can play the game in hotseat Coop which is not something that you see often in these games .By default you start with a Slow and Fast powers which add some complexity to the gameplay . If you miss the enemy slightly you can slow down the ball until enemy runs into it . Fast ball also has some purpose because it reduces the time before you can aim at the enemy again . It seems like Slow power is somewhat overpowered so I would like to see high difficulty where it is limited . You can pick up other power ups like shooting projectiles,sticky board, multiball and so on .When you die you can use one of the souls you pick during stages to continue ( however if you keep most of them you can unlock a different ending ) While using souls you spin a ""wheel of fortune"" which may give random powers,lifes or give you GAME OVER XD .Pixel art is very good . There is a lot of variety when it comes to enemies,stages and game mechanics as well . I like the use of cutscenes and the way game is presented in general.Personally I think this game has a good sense of humor (south park like) but its not for everyone .Also ""Death"" reminds me one of the characters from Undertale so its kinda funny if you imagine him cursing .Pros:-Lots of stages . Road Forks and few levels seem to show up randomly so there is some replay value .-Boss fights-Good gameplay-Fair difficulty-Offline Coop ( I have no friends though )-Controler Support-Stage Editor-Story ( It is a breakout game so any story is a bonus )-Multiple EndingsCons:Developer has addressed the issues that I had with this game . ( he added more music and option to use Shooting without replacing slow power )Verdict: 8/10 .  I have never seen a brekaout game that include all of the things that I mentioned . Not that I played many breakout games but this is one might be my favorite . For $2-3 on sale I think it is a nice little game and I would not even feel bad buying it at full price ."
76561198067817692,Recommended,521920,30843291,Posted: 30 March,all,Ficky Pindah ID Cek Bio,want to have friends like Bob
,Recommended,521920,34241589,Posted: 14 August,all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full reviewPLEASE NOTE (2017): Due to recent false accusations of plagarism, I (the reviewer) would like to stress that all these reviews and upcoming reviews are original and are not blatantly copied. Other reviews are used to help stress my point across but are changed in such a way to make the review in my own wordingDeath's Hangover is a game developed and published by Retro Army Limited, the game is a sort of arkanoid style ball 'n' bat game with some unique mechanicsThe game mechanics offers lots of innovation to the genre and is both exhilirating and annoying in terms of sometimes you don't intend the ball to fall through and making you start all over again. You have to really pay attention when playingAs to other Retro Army games, this game is fully of comedy, jokes and goofs that are really funny and well played and plays well with it's nice retro art style and making the overall game fun yet challenging to playSome of the sound effects and the soundtrack is a bit shallow but nothing to complain about and I have little to no complaints about Death's HangoverIt is a little gem of an indie game. If you want a fun, innovative ball 'n' bat game with a retro look, Death's Hangover is the game for you and especially during sales, this game is a steal!RECOMMENDED :)"
,Recommended,521920,32189507,Posted: 4 June,all,Palehorse864,"Ok, I bought this game for 50 cents, and I recommend it for a bit more. However, I was ready to give this game a bad review. I love Arkanoid and the whole ball and bat genre.  However, when I started this game, I was missing shots because my cursor was so laggy.It might just be my PC, but I have an I7 with a GTX 1070 and 16 gbs of ram, but that doesn't mean there's some unique combination of hardware that made my pc have a problem with this game.Anyway, if you buy this game, and you're having a problem, go into the options menu and change DirectX to Opengl rendering. I did this, and my framerate was immediately smooth, and instead of dying repeatedly on the second level, I began progressing and having a lot of fun. Everything was smooth, and I was hitting my shots.I'm not sure what is wrong with DirectX rendering on my machine, but I can recommend this game, and can tell you that if you're frustrated, switch your rendering to Open GL!"
76561198001399556,Recommended,521920,32953268,Posted: 28 June,all,Mauser!,"Amazing game. If you like Break-Out clones with a twist, this game is for you. As other players have mentioned, you will have a good laugh to."
,Recommended,521920,30787138,Posted: 27 March,all,Dr. Wily,Great break out style game
76561198304010820,Recommended,521920,30832357,Posted: 30 March,all,faZe slayR,one of the best games i have played.very retro and arcadey.pls buy it.it is very worth it.
,Recommended,521920,32077153,Posted: 30 May,all,grizzogor,"If you like Breakout with RPG/Adventure-like twist to it, I would recommend it 100%. I got it during a sale."
,Recommended,521920,32348636,Posted: 11 June,all,limelight1210,"Probably one of the best Breakout/Arkanoid clones I've played in years. Highly recommended if you enjoy this genre.Lots of levels with a cool theme for each, an entertaining and funny story mode, good music, secrets, nice achievements and a dev who really listens to player feedback and keeps adding more content and refining the game.The only thing that still confuses me a bit is the level selection menu/map but other than that no big deal."
,Recommended,521920,33053147,Posted: 30 June,all,Copremesisking,"10 minutes in and I love it.  If you are a fan of Breakout, or more recently Wizorb, this is another great game in that genre.  The humor and art style are nice too."
,Recommended,521920,32063673,Posted: 30 May,all,KrudlerTheHorse,"I don't even like ""Bat & Ball"" games but heck I'm loving this!The retro graphics rock, the sounds and music are super beefy and very satisfying.  The speed/slow feature adds a great gameplay mechanic, which can be used very much to player advantage.  This feature allows for really cool boss fights where you have to beat up the boss/level in a certain way, while using the slow/speed to time your dodges of the boss's attacks.  So cool.There is a constant stream of insane humor being thrown at you, which lightens up the mood because let's face it, the whole premise of having to hit a ball with a paddle is nuts, so the game doesn't take itself that seriously and I love it for it!And there are secrets. Secrets the way it used to be back in the arcades in the 80's.Anyways I bought this on sale and I kinda feel guilty.  Even had I paid full price I've already gotten more back in terms of entertainment-per-dollar-spent and I'm only an hour in.  I can't wait to explore this game in full.  So satisfying to play.A genuine complaint is that there is a bit too much casual swearing in it, mild words like B___H and SH__ and that means now I can't share this with my just-turned-9 kid and that sucks.Buy this."
,Recommended,521920,33423188,Posted: 9 July,all,psenough,nice little arkanoid clone with a theme+ decent gameplay+ cute graphics+ fitting sound effects+ multiple paths+ create your own levels- bad dialog fillers
,Recommended,521920,26592189,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Jackal'D,"This game has a very retro-feel to it. It's a game which you can easily pick up, sit back and relax. The dev is always communicating in the forums which is always good to see."
76561198062030709,Recommended,521920,29155808,Posted: 9 January,all,^5Ice Cold,"This game is pretty good for what it is. I picked this game up on sale for half off, but I would've been willing to pay full price for it had I missed the sale. It's goofy, it's fun, it's well executed, it captures that nostalgic feeling well, it's got a decent amount of replayability, and it's a simple and enjoyable casual game. It's also actually quite entertaining for a paddle-and-ball game._____Pros-_____+it's funny+it's witty (even if fairly childish with it's humor)+looks good (which is important to 'bit' games)+evel editor, albeit lacking+co-op+boss battles+fair amount of difficulty+feels like something new, even as a standard paddle-and-ball game+I would consider it 'worth the money' because it offers a good amount of replayability_____Cons-_____-the diffuculty often feels like it comes just because of an overwhelming amount of enemies closing in and a small window of space for your ball, and the 'diffuculty' feels more like BS than being hard to beat-the level editor is lacking quite a bit compared to what is available in-game-the second player's function only seems to be a one-time meat shield, however it is one time per level, not per game-story falls a bit short considering it feels fairly story-driven; it's not horrible, but could use improvementSo far, other than that, I don't see too much in this game, and I don't see it lacking in too many aspects either. It looks and plays like a well-rounded paddle-and-ball game. I hope they take a few things into consideration when updating this game, especially the level editor. I will continue to update my review if I find any other pros/cons that are noteworthy!"
76561198054387451,Recommended,521920,28005444,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kuolema,"Stupidly good ""Breakout"" - y arcade action!!!"
76561198000561257,Recommended,521920,29492702,Posted: 25 January,all,Evnatia - The Mute Cynic,"Early Access Watcher Reviews Death's HangoverUpdate Version: Full ReleaseDisclosure: This game copy was bought by the reviewer during the Early Access Release.Gameplay Footage: Warning: Complete Play-through so story spoilers expected.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tnn6Ss00dcERetro Army Limited returns to the gaming scene following the release of their previous 90's style fighting game, Verdict Guilty. This time around the studio decided to utilize the Early Access platform to develop Death's Hangover and finally exited the program with a satisfying Breakout iteration. Fans of Retro Army's cut-scenes and brand of humor will find them intact while veterans of the genre will discover a unique twist to the formula. I was skeptic when I first played it in early access, but I am happy to report the game is functional with just a few small hiccups. The only issue I have yet to determine is if the price matches what is on offer. That is what I plan to do today.The intro establishes the ultimate goal for the game, but nothing really gets explained until the final stage of the two possible endings. Death is the driving force behind the assignment of retrieving his souls and is constantly appearing to Andy and Bob to offer words of encouragement without disclosing anything behind the dilemma. Cut-scenes also appear during each stage to show how far along Andy is to discovering the truth behind Death's request (with Bob acting as more of a comic relief). Little hints are placed throughout each stage as too what is going on, but the only hard evidence gets presented during the stage in the throne room. It is a nonsensical plot with very little pay off, but it adds more to the comedic style of the developer and at least provides closure to the why and how of Death's apparent hangover.Speaking of comedy, fans of Retro Army's previous title Super Trench Attack might find some enjoyment in the low brow, dark humor. I didn't find myself laughing at the jokes, but I was pleased with the sarcastic nature of Death's commentary. On the visual front, everything has a low resolution pixelated style with small sprites for the creeps. The stages are varied with a different box appearance and monster type for each area. Some areas include unique game mechanics such as breakable border blocks and running water to mess with the direction the ball is heading. Music is not too shabby, but it can get repetitive after awhile. As a full package, these parts blend together in a competent manner to produce a decent experience that isn't rough on the eyes.Dracula's castle is essentially divided into floors with multiple stages populating each floor. Before the Breakout segments can be accessed, a short, linear 2D adventure mode must be completed. They contain a very simple set of rooms that require certain actions to reach the end, some that include hazards that can eliminate the player and any power ups they were holding. It is not possible to skip these or the cut-scenes that play out during the course of the game, so for anyone seeking a pure Breakout experience might be disappointed. Each stage provides six levels during the Breakout portions and include a creep fight, a soul retrieval segment and a boss fight to top it off. Stages can be dealt with rather quickly and a full play-through can last about an hour depending on how many keys were collected to access more stages. The game requires multiple play-throughs to collect all the souls and certain stages cannot be accessed on certain paths, so there is some replay-ability to the game.The ball and bat segments will feel at home to anyone who has played the genre before, except this time the focus is on breaching a door located in the room to progress rather than eliminating all the boxes. Some boxes are invincible, others move to prevent passage of the ball and plenty of them break to reward the player with goodies. The breakable boxes hold gems that provide points toward a new life, keys to unlock other areas, souls, and one of seven available power ups to aid in storming the castle. Any power can be upgraded to a second level and provide a useful ability from passing through any objects, grabbing the ball on bounce back and a couple of projectile based powers that help when dealing with the creeps. Two power ups can be held at any given time, one of which is placed on reserve and will always change if another power up is picked up. Should a player lose a life, the active ability is lost, but the one on reserve is still available for immediate use.Some of the special features of the game do stand out from other titles in this genre. The ball has two passive abilities that slow the ball down or speed it up. This offers some very useful tactical approaches to dealing with tight corners made by creeps and the ability to stall for a block to move. Once a player dies, there is an option to restart the stage or take a chance at the Cheat Death wheel to restart at the last area played. It is a gamble that either rewards a game over or the spot back at the previous area with one of the seven power ups. It is an interesting concept that makes fighting bosses a little more forgiving. Boss fights have their own distinct looks and incorporate the environment to their advantage. Some share similar abilities such as fireballs or lightning, but they function differently depending on their health. Aside from the three levels of difficulty, there is a 2 player mode and a level editor for basic level designs. Controller support is also present, but it only recognizes the Xbox360 controller.I was pleased to see that issues involving game crashes were dealt with before the final release, but there are still a couple of issues I noticed during the course of my adventure. When a boss fight finishes, the player must retrieve the ball to avoid a death. On certain occasions, the ball would pass through the mattress if it was too close to the entrance located on the side of the wall. Some souls are trapped behind very narrow wall gaps and the ball can end up getting stuck inside the area with no hope of getting out. Outside of these two issues, the game ran like a dream with very short loading times.Satisfying game-play, replay-ability, decent visuals and a forgiving difficulty were enough to keep me playing after my first two ventures through that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Dracula's castle. I would normally reserve this kind of title to a discount ranking, but I can see someone getting their money's worth at full price. I am glad to see another game properly use the Early Access program for its' intended purpose and come out looking better than ever. Retro Army continues to push forward in another genre and I encourage anyone to try out the demo to see if their spin on Breakout is to your liking.Pros- Varied stage designs with accompanied creeps and boss fight- Plenty of secret rooms and alternate paths to allow decent replay-ability- Interesting mechanics and useful power ups- Difficult, but fair- Cut-scenes and general look were decentNeutral- Humor was hit or miss, but it is all based on personal taste- Music was alright, but repetitive due to placementCons- A few bugs, but nothing game breaking"
,Recommended,521920,26573024,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,戰埠聖伊,A feeling of nostalgia...
76561198030249651,Recommended,521920,33020598,Posted: 29 June,all,Lord Penderton,"This is pretty alright. Can be slightly frustrating at times, particularly bosses and not having any power-ups at them but overall the good outweighs the bad and is certainly worth 50 cents."
,Recommended,521920,33393824,Posted: 8 July,all,Onion Knight,"Pretty rad. I don't care for the genre, but this is interesting and well-made."
,Recommended,521920,32807005,Posted: 26 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,nice arkanoid/breakout clone for satanic pro gamers
76561198043474539,Recommended,521920,33353936,Posted: 7 July,all,Crematorium,arkanoid type game focusing on hitting  not bricks but monsters that are going after you or throwing things at you and it's hard as hell to pass. as funny jokes and can be used like a game to chill out for a while but will not hook you. grab it on sale to add to your colection.
,Recommended,521920,33398288,Posted: 9 July,all,Zetox -iwtd-,Really enjoyable game. I find it playing it in quick sessions of 10-20 minutes every day attempting to score either high or getting achivevements. So far I have not beaten the game but it is enjoyable with an interesting approach in the art for the genre. The interesting is somewhat witty but not entirely interesting to me. It may be interesting but it's not the reason I play this game.Good for the $0.59 that I spent on it and very well worth it for the amount of timme i can just waste on it.
,Recommended,521920,30790497,Posted: 28 March,all,Arecyn,"It's a fun breakout style game with some very interesting game mechanics. Pixel art style is also good, but sometimes it makes you confuse the ball with the background elements or effects. Everything else is fine."
,Recommended,521920,34943705,Posted: 14 September,all,Verdantil,"Tags: Casual - Brickbreak & PinballTLDR: Narrative driven. I did not read the text but I could tell the levels matched the action of the little characters and what was happening. Not what I would go for if I just wanted a brickbreak fix, but as a niche within a niche it is not bad at all.Some solid PC resolutions offered. Good Xbox360 pad support. Good on-screen instructions and gradual implementation of mechanics through storymode. Seems designed as a medieval fantasy siege, where you must brickbreak through fortifications, and through level exits to reach necromancer boss. There are cutscenes and some art featuring two fairly derpy acting girls which I assume tie into the plot somehow but since I did not read it indepth they felt a bit tacked on and not quite meshing all well with the rest of the assets. They are really eyecatching though with their odd expressions and I kinda like them so whatever. The game itself has a distinct retro pixel direction with matching audio, including decent use of sound effects all around and decent music track. The occasional gore effects are kind of neat, mostly just pixeblood. The ball felt surprisingly punchy and bouncy and it feels almost like a cannonball of sorts. You can speed up or slow down the ball dramatically using faceplate buttons which gives an awesome level of granular control, albeit perhaps by slanting the difficulty in favor of the player a bit much. There are also some power ups that can be picked up such as bombs. Thats about it. I think playing though storymode unlocks an additional arcade mode which is probably I would had liked to jump into straight away. The level select screen for the story felt very non-interactable, not very descriptive. Just a bunch of empty basement rooms with the only thing that you can do is press A to start next level. At least it offers a visual representation of how far along the story you are."
76561197983301475,Recommended,521920,26005863,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,RabidUrko,Fun quirky Arkanoid type game with comedy horror theme.
,Not Recommended,521920,33710912,Posted: 21 July,all,Grim the Gilded,"Great graphics and sound and some nice humor, wasted on the randomness of Breakout. If you like that sort of game you're set, if you're irritated by the concept of missing collectables because a ball won't bounce the way you need it to, pass."
,Recommended,521920,29268952,Posted: 15 January,all,wolfomat,got it because of local co op and local multiplayer. it's a funny game heheh :D
,Not Recommended,521920,32681224,Posted: 23 June,all,Komujeese,"I don't recommend Death's Hangover. It looked nice, it had good reviews and it was cheap so I bought it. It looks like a game from from the early to mid nineties and plays one. You've played one Arkanoid clone, you've played them all. This one isn't much of an exception. The ball ""physics"" are the same. I was hoping something a bit more modern and realistic, but the ball behaves as obnoxiously as in the older games. The power-ups aren't anything new either. It's mostly the same stuff I've seen in much older game. Death's Hangover does not re-invent or revitalize this genre. It's just more of the same.The most unique thing about this game is the story/humour, which is dumb and vulgar. I guess it's trying to be ironically bad or silly, but it's just bad.The worst thing about this Death's Hangover is that the two qualities you need to be succesful is good reflexes and luck. When the ball behaves unexpectedly you have to react to it. At least there is a slow time function which is decent, and something new, but it's still not enough. The luck bit is the most annoying one. Certain levels have undestructible blocks that alternate between being open and closed. You have to be able get the ball through them at the right time, which is all about timing, and no you cannot really direct the ball the way you want. You can try to sort of direct it, but not well enough. Another luck based element is the power-ups. Some levels are really easy with the right power-up, but without it's all about luck. And whether or not you get the power-up is all about luck. I managed to beat one boss in a few seconds because I was able to shoot it in the face without having to rely on the unreliable ball. I don't even know how the boss would have reacted if I had to beat it fair and square.Anyway, I don't recommend this game. I was hoping to see something new. But if you've always been a fan of Arkanoid/Breakout clones (Batty on C64 is the one I played as a kid), you might like it. For me it just reminded me that I've never been a fan of these games. At least it's very cheap so you won't waste much money if you don't like."
,Recommended,521920,33437685,Posted: 10 July,all,PanzernKern,Isn't an agnostic just an atheist without balls?
76561197990900287,Recommended,521920,25280432,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Notacent,"Like this games graphics and music.Enjoy the bat ball genre,good game!"
,Not Recommended,521920,30820137,Posted: 29 March,all,papadins,really shity dont buy
,Recommended,521920,30815279,Posted: 29 March,all,fri_freeman,"Okay, I've been wanting to get a ""new"" breakout style game for a while, and this is the first one I bought, and I'm not disappointed. It's silly and nonsensical, with nicely drawn and sometimes disgusting pixel art, and good physics and some gameplay twists (bullet time is your most basic arsenal).Get it while it's cheap."
,Recommended,521920,31002159,Posted: 7 April,all,eelcakes,This is easily the best breakout-type of game that I've ever played. It has a fun story and interesting characters and the levels are unique enough to keep things from getting boring.
,Recommended,521920,31113080,Posted: 13 April,all,Rylai,"This retro ball-and-bat game isDANKYou play as 2mengirls, who one them is become a ball and you keep hit it through some boxes and enemiesGood StuffIt have alternative secret levelSome powerups is goodThe ""plot"" is ridiculousy funny and darkThe Developer is a good guy who actually listen to usNot so Good StuffYou can't backtrack level.Bottom line is this game is fun, enjoyable, and not too expensive *i got it on the sale*Recommended"
,Recommended,521920,31912449,Posted: 22 May,all,lazertRex,The only other game I can compare this to is Devilish on the Sega MegaDrive/GameGear. Devilish was a very unique game and I am delighted to see something else like it.
76561198326058410,Recommended,521920,34264299,Posted: 15 August,all,retrogamewizard13,"Arkanoid to the next level, funny, enjoyable, and unique."
76561198019576097,Recommended,521920,34618192,Posted: 30 August,all,FullMetal,"Nothing special, just fun for a while.Wish I could give it a neutral review."
,Recommended,521920,35482222,Posted: 4 October,all,Mimsy,Surprisingly fun Breakout/Arkanoid style game. I thought the stupid little story was cute. I doubt I'll replay to get all 18(!!!) endings though. Not worth $5 but probably worth $1. There's a menu option to download new custom levels from the internet that doesn't seem to be activated.
