user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,521930,25589705,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DavidusPrime,"Simple, definitely minimalistic wolfenstein-3d-like shooter. Cute but so repetitive it gets boring fast. I wouldn't really recommend it, so I'm giving it a thumbs down, but it has its charm. If it's on sale, I say try it out. But there are better games out there. My rating: 6/10."
76561198161629635,Recommended,521930,32213187,Posted: 5 June,all,knighttristen,"Hmmm...I appreciate what the creator was trying with the visuals, but while its kinda cool, it's also hard to look at.gameplay needs some tuning up and balancing.-music: dope AF-sound FX: meh-my eyes: ouch-graphics: hard to tellThe price is good for what it is.game's not perfect, might not really even be good. But, I would't be afraid to try it, especially if you can snag it on sale."
,Not Recommended,521930,25555276,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Sir.Hyrrämyyrä[Noobie♥Doobie],"Now, here's a tought. I like this game in concept, and if I'm not mistaken the engine is programmed ground up [Clarification: It's not, it's a ready engine called apparently ""Raycasting Game Maker""], and all I can get behind. I also applaud the fact that the game is minimalistic as in there is nothing extra, and every once and a while, that is what I'm looking for.However... Even as there is not too many controls, I weap for AZERTY keybard users, as the keys are hard coded and cannot be changed (not hard to program in, btw), and does not even have duplicates. In example, the 'open door' key is Space, which is normal for your Wolfensteins etc, when youre using arrow keys to move, but on my WASD+mouse, I prefer that key to be E. And that said, there is interestingly a way to turn with keyboard using the arrow keys like in the good old Apogee/ID '3D' games, but you can't move forwards and backwards using arrow keys. But well, that is an issue I can (witt a WASD keyboard) cope with. Little less with the fact that you can't adjust mouse sensitivity (again, not too hard to program in).What I can't cope with is the forced resolution and apparently 15fps gaming, that causes nausea during gameplay especially if turning fast (this is a thing. This was a thing with Wolfenstein 3D also, but then it was due to real technical limitations). The resolution is something that unneccessarily obscures the game, when the enemies (that are presented by an outline) can't be seen as the pixels they are consisted with are deemed too small to render by the engine (and yes, there are levels where this is a serious issue). Now, in reality there is no reason for rendering the game in such a small resolution, since it's not too hard to stretch ""bigger than"" pixels without destroying the artstyle.Oh, and just to note, this game has similar ammo pickup system as Digital Homicide's ""Slaughtering Grounds"", as the ammo is universal, but you will pick up ammo for the weapon that is in your hand. This is never disclosed in the game (or atleast not clearly), and is a game design choise I would never stand behind, as it results people first of all learning this hard way when trying to find ammo for the better weapon, and using the backup in the progress, AND it renders the backup useless as you will never get ammo for any other weapon than what you are currently using. It also needs to be noted that in Wolfenstein 3D the ammo plicy was that it was universal ammo, but plyer was motivated to use variety just in order to conserve ammo, or opting to sheer DPS depending on situation. In this game, you will have most ammo on the weapon you have in hand, and very likely no ammo on any other weapon.TL;DR: The fps of the game causes nausea, and the options are lacking, if issues are fixed, the review will be revisited.[EDIT]: Added clarification regarding the engine."
,Not Recommended,521930,25800649,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,8bitDis,"This game needs some work, and if it does see fixes and updates I will gladly revisit it and alter my recommendation. I found myself very frustruated with the game over all, while it has some great ideas it sadly falls short and just feels like it is missing some final polishing. Detailed points below video URL.I play the game here:https://youtu.be/-Y0qup5sq5YNow, here is the laundry list:Pros:+ Great stylized visuals for the inner cyberpunk in all of us+ Rockin chiptunes+ Its like playing an untextured Wolf 3D+ Has potential to be betterCons:- Mouse rotation and straifing usually end up with you not being able to make a full turn. I would almost rather be able to turn off mouselook, and rebind A and D to turn left/right instead of strafe as it doesnt help me any.- Graphics might be just a bit to barren, its too easy to get lost- The enemies that pose an immideate threat early on are all hitscan and fire faster than the chaingun demons in doom.- God forbid you run out of ammo lest you have to use the powerglove which feels so useless- By the way, if you have your fist weapon out walking over ammo does not pick it up. You need to have your pistol equiped.- Title Screen is louder than all hell and does not lower in volume with settings."
,Not Recommended,521930,34181965,Posted: 11 August,all,MrDowntempo,"This game DOES have a unique art style. It's a wolfenstein-esque style engine with less colors.  However, some more attention could've been given to the way certain sprites billboard and how they scale in the distance to prevent it from becoming an unreadable mess. Unfortunetly, the controls are even worse, and not suited to the fast paced gameplay it demands.  There's a difference between old school, and poorly designed. Wolfenstein controls much better. The music is good, however if you want to lower it's volumn, you do that by lowering the 'graphics' slider and not the 'music' slider. Just another example of some of the poor quality on display here. The music and interesting style don't make up for this game's faults."
76561198054179940,Recommended,521930,28173219,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,flavio-mc,"Well this is a very flawed game. First of it's not very hard due to  way to many health kits and low damging enemies.  It's very repetitive, you'll be shooting the same unispiring green robots  on the same looking cyan corridors over and over again.One thing I simply cannot understand is that all the weapons (also very similar to each other) use the same kind of ammo, but when you collect ammo boxes it only loads the current gun, not your ammo pool. Wouldn't it be better if each gun had it's own ammo?Finally the game whants you to collect a certain amount of energy to complete it, but it never gives you an estimate of how much is needed or how much do you have.Why am I recomending this game again?....Oh yeah, the soundtrack is surprisingaly good, with a catchy retro tune, even if it starts to get repetitive soon. I  quite like the style and the colour pallete  of the game, felling like a retro cyber-punk.It's also very cheap when it's on sale, and if you don't like just play it for a  little while and then refund it.Or get  Intrude, another retro FPS made in 2016 that's way better than this one."
,Recommended,521930,28339156,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,- AngeL - main.,"Довольная неплохая игра с хорошей графикой. В игре присутствует множество оружий из которых можно валить пендосов. Лучший вариант стрельбой из пистолета. Есть много вариантов прохождения этой игры. Не очень сложная игра, но интересная. Рекомундую"
76561198121927606,Not Recommended,521930,25785216,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Formido,"Minimized is an interesting idea that is good for the most part. It has good controls and gameplay, but thats about it. The only thing you do is go from level to level shooting enemies until you happen to find the level exit, all the while just picking up colored shapes that are just sort of there. It's not bad, just repetitive. It feels like the developers put in filler levels to make up for it's rather large price tag for a game of this kind. Plus, since all weapons ahre the same ammo type, it is really easy to run out and be stuck with the wimpy laser-hand melee thing.It's good, but tedious and feels like filler. This would be a good Gamejolt game in the state it is, but not much else. Here are a few reccomendations:1. have each weapon use a different ammo type. you would think that having all weapons shoot the same ammo would be easier, but you burn through your ammo so fast it hardly matters. Having seperate ammo for each weapon would allow the player to moderate their usage, and leave them with enough ammo to take out the harder enemies.2. PLEASE, GET RID OF THE BULLET SPONGES. Some of the bigger enemies in this game take an arseload of ammo to knock down just ONE of them. And in the later levels you are often boxed into small spaces with these enemies. And if they trap you in a door? RIP. You can't open the door to run away (idk why, maybe a glitch. you just can't) and since the enemies do tha old Wolfenstein trick of shooting through each other to melt you. If you haven't saved, THIS COULD SEND YOU BACK LITERALLY HOURS.3. Maps. This game is, like Wolfenstein, a giant maze. you need to find these yellow keys that open a red door that sends you to the next level. But sometimes the keys and doors are spaced apart so far you lose track of where your going.4. Make the Melee destroy props. this might not sound big, but it is. Some keys or paths to the exit are trapped behind destructable props in the world (exploding barrels, boxes, desks, pipes, etc.) and these props can be destroyed by shooting them. But you cannot destroy them by meleeing them with your laser hand. What does this mean? it means you have to always have at least some bullets on you to ensure that you can get these keys or doors. If you have no ammo and you come across one of these, guess what? you have to either find an ammo box or restart the level. Don't you love it when a game punishes you for not savingenough ammo to break a friggin cardboard box?5. I really hope this isn't true, but the starting menu say you have to collect 500,000 POWER CELLS TO WIN. 500 FREAKIN THOUSAND. I don't know if this is a typo but if it isn't, DEVS. NO ONE IS GOING TO PLAY LONG ENOUGH TO GET THAT MANY POWER CELLS. NO ONE. How about, like, 500 power cells? 1000? even 10,000 is still ok! but 500,000 is WAY TOO MUCH.In the end, Minimized has potential, but in its current state its mor eof a chore to play rather than a game. if the above changes are made, then yes, this is a game worth playing."
,Not Recommended,521930,32232716,Posted: 6 June,all,vrt,"ProsCool 2.5D style reminisent of Blake Stone et alSweet musicConsNo control settings at allCan't tell what graphics settings doMouse is far, far too sensitive to the point where it's unsuableReviewI'm a big fan of old school 2.5D shooters like Doom, Wolf3D, ROTT, Blake Stone etc so I added this game on my wishlist and forgot about it. It popped up on sale for $0.59 so I figured I'd give it a go and see. I figured even if it's not great it could be a fun game to speedrun but boy was I wrong.My main qualms with this game is not so much the gameplay but the terrible settings and controllers. The mouse is so sensitive that any slight bump of the mouse spins you in random directions. This is very problematic since there is no way to rebind the controls so attack is only on mouse1 and you spin in circles every time you shoot.  I've tried two different mice with different DPI settings and it's still the same.I honestly can't speak to the gameplay as I couldnt even finish the first level because of this issue. Maybe it is just on my end but since they didn't add a sensitivity option there's no way for me to play this game currently. The gameplay that I did see seemed based on key hunting rather than combat but again, I can't say for sure.ConclusionAn unplayable buggy game with a decent soundtrack. Unless it's patched and game options are added it's not even worth playing for free."
,Recommended,521930,29176066,Posted: 10 January,all,Toilet_Wine_Connoisseur,"I was originally a little harsher on this game before I did some digging into the game itself. I now find it quite inspiring. Minimized was developed using the ""Raycaster game engine"". Which is a freeware raycasting engine you can find on ModDb(and probably a few other places) IT is a very primitive game engine, but it gets the job done none the less.The fact that  Minimized got this far is more than deserving of a digital high five. IT could have just as easily never gone beyond some ModDB page that 99% of the internet could not have given half a♥♥♥♥♥♥about but here it is on Steam taking money from me that could have been spent on my kids future college tuition.now on to the brass tacks.PROS:Great visual concept(if not the most flawless execution)Great soundtrack that meshs perfectly with the theme.Level design is non-linear but not a frustrating labyrinth.CONS:Sometimes you can overlook entire rooms because of the way the visuals bleed together.Other than that most faults are more the simplicity of the engine and beyond the fault of the devleper.-All weapons share the same ammo pool-there does not seem to be a way to have a melee based enemy-No AOE weapon attacks or enviromental damage.I do hope whoever is makign the raycaster game engine eventually adds in this kind of stuff and the developer Minimized patchs some cool♥♥♥♥♥♥into the game.Old school fans are the sort not to take to much notice of things that don't feed directly into the gameplay or visual aesthetic and Minimized is a compelling bare bones example of that mindset.Buy it.Buy it now.+"
,Not Recommended,521930,25761443,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Grid,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing terrible. They didn't even try. It's almost like a slap in the face to ♥♥♥♥ with people that want stylized oldschool wolfenstein-like action. It looks WORSE than Wolf because of its horrendous coloring. It's disorienting and ♥♥♥♥♥♥. Seriously. I'd love a game like this. Just don't try evoking ""nostalgia"" by making it as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as possible when that's NOT how things used to be. It's an insult.  At least in Wolfenstein I knew where the hell I was going. Perhaps if the colors weren't this way I wouldn't be so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ For much of the game it feels like I'm walking in void until I'm right up on something- and yes, that is how Wolf worked in terms of rendering♥♥♥♥♥♥.. But there were at least full blown colors on walls and surfaces. Not blackness with outlines for walls. What were you thinking?"
76561198144159089,Recommended,521930,34053831,Posted: 5 August,all,lostchild14000,"this game is awesome! it's like the love child of tron, the matrix, and above all wolfenstein 3d. the grafics arent the most suffistocated and i wouldn't recamend it for a long playthrough, but a few laborynth passages at a time, deffinately.i would, HOWEVER, recamend that you draw a map. the level design is quite laborynthine, and there are only so many different types of ctr punk blue textures you can look at before they sort of start to blur together. more colors get thrown in as the game continues"
76561198365538138,Recommended,521930,30806501,Posted: 28 March,all,microloopspress,"Minimized is a very fun, arcade style FPS with a sci-fi retro look. Unlike others, I think the gameplay is fine and didn't had any problems with it. Maybe it's because I'm on Windows 7? The enemies are cool and a lot of elements/sprites can be destroyed, which ads to the fun. If you're into late 80s early 90s FPS, I highly recommend Minimized. Otherwise, stay away from it."
,Recommended,521930,25560519,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Octomac,"What a odd little duck this is.  First and foremost, I enjoyed it.  Am enjoying it, rather -- I've every intention of continuing to play it further.  While simplistic at first, don't mistake the game's unwavering dedication to absolute minimalism as a cover for a lack of talent on the devs' part.  This is a well-realized idea and a game that harkens back to some of the most noteworthy titles in PC gaming history.Initially, I was extremely disoriented.  It took me a bit of playtime to learn to understand the visual language of the game, and there's nothing so crass and modern as an automap or mini-map function to help you along.  By the time you complete the first level, though, you've become engrossed in the design language of the world, your eye able to use the negative space and blackness to see what isn't being explicitly drawn.  It actually started to remind me a bit of the Virtual Boy -- the ill-fated, monochromatic Nintendo console from the late 1990s.  Both are similar in that they try to do so much with so little -- though, in Minimized's case, these limitations are self-imposed.  It works, though.  Once you get into it, you start to notice how the world is set up, how the objects in the game use simple colors to differentiate them at a glance.In terms of gameplay, Minimized feels like a polished-up Wolfenstein 3D mixed with more than a pinch of Blake Stone and seasoned with Rise of the Triad, all mixed through a ZX Spectrum monitor -- a comparison I suspect the developers were deliberately aiming for.  Maps are composed of blocks and squares, arranged on a grid of four cardinal directions, doors open by sliding sideways, and treasure (in the form of ""energy"" needed to complete the game) is scattered about on floors alongside power-ups such as health and ammunition.  Enemies range from simple spheres which slowly drain your health at close range to soldier-robots which attack you from afar with energy weapons.  Circle-strafe and lead your target -- this is a dance you should be familiar with by this point.  Still, there's something refreshing about having only two dimensions to worry about.  There's no sniper ledges, no QTEs, no stun-the-boss-and-hit-his-weak-point-three-times rope-a-dopes.  There's just you, your gun, and the bad guys.The sound design is excellent, especially the soundtrack, and for the paltry extra price, I recommend downloading the music for your own listening pleasure as well.  Chiptunes augmented with digital samples or real instruments are the order of the day here, mostly sounding like they could've been mixed with an original NES sound chip.  There's some interesting instrumentation, though, and you'll hear a handful of old tricks that sound pros used to use to get around limited channels -- fast-trill arpeggios to simulate chords, for example.  It has a very European PC feel, channeling the best of the MSX and ZX Spectrum era, but with some modern touches mixed in.  The sound effects in the game are mostly period-appropriate bloops and blips, but they work and work well.  Anything more ""realistic"" or ""high-fidelity"" would clash with the aesthetic of the game.If I have to level criticisms against Minimized, well, it's hard to do so without running up against the walls the devs have deliberately erected for themselves.  For instance, as a player, my first instinct is to ask, ""Why no map in-game?""  And yet, after having played for a few more levels, I'm brought back to that feeling of originally playing Wolfenstein 3D or Eye of the Beholder as a young'un.  We didn't have maps back then, no; if you wanted such a luxury, you got out the graph paper and did it yourself.  I find dusty, unused corridors of my brain lighting up again, for the first time in a very long time.  Remember this room -- it connects to the other one, which goes to the hall, which leads to the red door.The only thing that I feel needs addressing has to do with the trappings surrounding the game.  For instance, the Settings menu needs some work -- on my copy, the ""Graphics"" slider instead controls the music volume, and the Music slider seems to do nothing.  The translation and text could also use a once-over from a native English speaker -- although, having played my share of poorly-translated NES games, I would also be willing to chalk this up as a stylistic quirk.  Certainly it doesn't harm your enjoyment of the game.  Everything else that's core to the experience -- running and gunning against waves of enemies while collecting treasure and power-ups -- is tightly executed and feels well-made.So bravo to Minimized, I say, and bravo to the tiny team that brought it into the world.  I wish you all the success in this and future projects.  Now, I'm going to go back to navigating neon corridors..."
,Not Recommended,521930,33121864,Posted: 2 July,all,AnaLoGMunKy,Super fun for a short while but soon enough the graphics begin to hurt my head and I crave clarity of vision. Miss this.
,Not Recommended,521930,26240581,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Ant_Ender,The physics are a little weird... The idea of a 2D FPS is GREAT! But its not the old fashioned game i tought it would be... My eyes did hurt a lot
76561197964361903,Not Recommended,521930,30664034,Posted: 21 March,all,T'was Curiosity Killed the Noob,"The graphics in this game are minimal, like the name and description suggest.The controls are confusing, graphics are confusing (particularly the corners of walls), story line is confusing.Text in the game is written using poor english.There is no up/down aiming, but that wouldn't matter anyways because from what i've seen, none of the stages contain more than one level/floor to them.Reminiscent of the 1990s Doom... sort of.I only purchased this game with a coupon for (maybe) $0.50Considering this fact, I don't feel like I got COMPLETELY ripped off...So far, i've played 0.2 hours of this game.It is very likely that this number will never increase."
76561198014051739,Not Recommended,521930,30437754,Posted: 10 March,all,sdhedeen,"A unique but flawed concept. I'd actually say the price is somewhat reasonable, but there's a lot of potential here you aren't exploiting, so I can't recommend it right now. Improve it a bit and I will gladly change my review. Here's some things I would say you could do to improve it:* There's a pretty good base here for pixel art, but you should allow your artist to expand the palette and work with less limitations. Portal proved you can have a minimalistic art style that still worked well.* Either make every weapon draw from the same energy pool or make them each have their own ammo type; its esoteric and hard to understand when ammo only replenishes the weapon you're currently wielding.* Don't require ammo for breaking through obstacles; its another design flaw that arbitrarily slows progress and makes the player feel like they have to guess what the designer was thinking. I would suggest putting in switches to open new areas or something similar instead.* You've got some grammatical errors in your intermission screens. Fixing that will give players a better first impression.* Make the player less of a meat shield and more mobile and make enemy projectiles slower; this will help players dodge more projectiles and reward skillful play, while increasing the overall challenge.Overall, I think it's a great start but it feels a bit more like a playable alpha than a fully-fledged game. Even for $3.99 you should consider fleshing out the game more."
,Recommended,521930,25533638,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Comrade Nurupo,Turning with mouse is not working really well for me. You can still turn with arrow keys however there is no key assigned for firing on keyboard and there is no option to change keybindings. Implementation of reassigning keys would be really nice.Also I didn't get what colored diamonds are for.Other than that I really liked retro style and music.
,Not Recommended,521930,32774508,Posted: 25 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,"FPS without graphics, gameplay, physics and good controls"
,Recommended,521930,25550276,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Nostalgia Nerd,"It's like Doom has been ported to a ZX Spectrum, made easier and less engaging.You can control by mouse and using WASD.It's a nice style, but after playing for less than half an hour, being cornerned by some kind of floating things and being sent back to the start (I didn't save), I can't say I'm biting at the chain to have another go.If you like your FPS to be based in the past, bewildering and cheap, then this might be the game for you. Then again, it might not.*Note, the game would crash if I didn't press ESC past the story line text quite rapidly*"
,Recommended,521930,25644519,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Mr. Jacobs,"Pretty interesting, but the inability to look up and down is super infuriating.I like the minimalist graphics and mechanics, but yeah. It wears this quickly.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eafKx7LBlM"
76561198052198788,Recommended,521930,25552086,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,grins_73,"16 min play. Well its not a terribly deep game. what is it? its tron meets wolfanstine, thats what. by wolfanstine im talking 286/386 pc, early 90s game. 2.5 D LOL. its fun, run about shooting things, solve simple spacial (how the hell do I get in there) puzzles. cute 16 bit techno sound track. fast game play just right difficultly. (not to easy not to hard) buy it! you might as well its so cheep! will most likely run the cheapest of PCs."
,Not Recommended,521930,27555690,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lotica,"I really want to love this game, I really do. It has a lot of things going for it, such as a nice throwback in the same reign as Wolfenstein 3D and especially games like Blake Stone and Corridor 7, plus it has a really awesome soundtrack that reminds me of something from the Commodore 64. Yes, it does have some minor issues, such as the mouse being a bit too sensitive, but I can forgive those issues if it wasn't for one HUGE problem.While I do know that a game called ""Minimized"" is going to go for a minimalist style, and in that retrospect, I respect that decision. Though there's a reason why you don't see this sort of style done in a lot of games, especially in FPS': It makes the levels incredibly hard to traverse when combined with maze-like levels. It makes a lot of the doors that you need to go through pretty hard to see from a short distance and it can be hard to distinguish everything from each other. If the floors and ceilings were colored other than black, it could make this game better, but unfortunately, it ruins the entire thing."
