user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197998312005,Recommended,523000,25742110,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,soratoumi,"☆　日本語のレビューは下に書きました。Nostalgia returns! I have played all PM1, PM2, PM3 (Faery Tales Come True) PM4, PM5 and the cell phone verion PM. PM2 was originally relased as PC-9801 and was then released to support windows 95. ""Refine"" version was then released to support Win XP. Now it's redefined to support more recent OS via Steam.I am glad to see the game brought back to life again!In this game, you become a father of a girl given to you from the skies. You will be taking care of her for eight years. During those years, you will have her earn her moneys from working, and let her attend classes to boost her skills. To turn her into a Princess is all in your hands!Game features:Adventure mode - Gear up your daughter! Attend classes to boost combat skills.Once a year events - Choose from Cooking / Art / Dance / Combat. Demonstrate your skills to your competitors!Vacations - Boost those skills. Cute illustrations to make some memories.Meet the NPCs in the castle - Let them know who you are. Be the lady they're looking for.Many endings - Her future depends all on you. Did her dream come true?Pros: Great game to play repeatedly as there's many different endings. It also has great portraits at the end of the game / Fun adventure mode. Visit all four areas! / Challenging once a year event. Show off your talents! / Full voiced in Japanese (voices weren't available until Refine version) / That nostalgic MIDI sounds and musics / Supports Win 10 - 64 bit / All ending achivements are added (Patch 02/18/17)Cons: Eight years will pass by FAST/ Screen size is 800x600. High resolution even on full creen mode / Some bugs are game braker (Fixed on 02/18/17 patch) Some game bug has been reported + I have experienced myself as well:When you click an item in the 2nd page of your inventory, your daughter's Faith goes down to 0. There's so far no way to raise the faith back above 0. It negatively affects your daughter's daily routine and her ending.懐かしの育成ゲーム、Ｓｔｅａｍ版として蘇りました！旧版（ＤＯＳ版）のリファイン版（ＷｉｎＸＰ）をＳｔｅａｍに移植したバージョンです。懐かしのＷａｖｅ（ＰＣＭ）音源で再生されます。あなたの娘や娘にかかわるすべてのキャラクターが音声ありで話しかけてくれます。娘を冒険に行かせたり、アルバイトに励んで、お稽古に行かせるもあなた次第！あなたの娘にどんな将来が待っているのかな？良いところ：☆　移植なので絵柄が変わったわけでもなく、背景もそのまま。懐かしい遊びなれたＰＭ２そのものでプレイできます。☆　ほかのＰＭシリーズとは違い、娘を冒険に行かせることができます。☆　収穫祭で娘自慢。決戦を勝ち抜きましょう。☆　全エンディングの新しいアチーブメントが増えました。(パッチ02/18/17)☆　リファイン版の移植なので音声付き。音声ＯＦＦでも遊べます。☆　テキストの表示は遅い、普通、早いの３設定つき。☆　２５６０ｘ１４４０モニターでフルスクリーンで遊んでいますが、画像は高画質です。悪いところ：☆　(10/21/16 修正済。スキップ可。) オープニングスキップ無理不可。☆　フルスクリーンでも文句なく遊べますが、ウィンドウモード最大サイズは８００ｘ６００です。☆　習い事、アルバイトの成果が読み終わらないうちに流れてしまう。☆　(10/02/16 修正済) 所持品の２ページ目のアイテムをクリックすると（？）信仰が０になる問題が絶賛発生中。信仰を高めようとしても一向に上がらず、エンディングに響きます。また、非行症状が発生し、ゲーム進行が難しくなります。"
,Recommended,523000,25832741,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Demoiselle,"Princess Maker 2 combines three of my favorite things: pet-raising simulators, dozens of endings, and playing matchmaker.Unlike a Tamagotchi, your daughter (probably) isn't going to end up dead in a room full of nothing but poop. I can't confirm since I haven't gotten all 70ish endings, but she's a lot more likely to grow up to be the queen of all poops. Or a dancer, which might be worse--I didn't spendeight yearsand tens of thousands of gold on a top-notch education just for you to become adancer,sweetie.Now you, too, have the opportunity to probably be a terrible parent without risking permanent damage to your delicate lady parts or 18 years' worth of child support payments. In real life, careless parenting is pretty much limited to leaving your child unattended for hours in the nearest Walmart. In Princess Maker 2, your precious daughter can literally marry Satan when she grows up. Next time, don't let her work at the cabaret and partake in underage drinking, Dad.You're (probably) not going to hell after playing this game, despite the old DOS version’s greatly exaggerated reputation. And if you do, at least you have a shot at marrying the supreme ruler of Hell--if your poorly raised daughter hasn't married him first. The only thing removed from the original game is the cheat/debug mode, so you have to actually raise your child and force her to work or explore and fight in the RPG sections if you want a steady supply of cash.As I pushed my daughter to the brink of exhaustion and forced her to work on the farm for weeks at a time, I realized I didn’t care enough about her dreams and feelings. I cared aboutresults: getting her the best marriage partner, raising her to be the strongest combatant in the realm…okay, and the actual game achievements. Right now, some of them are kind of buggy, but they’re all legitimately attainable. I assume they’ll be fixed in a later patch.As others have mentioned, the current translation is a bit rough around the edges and your daughter’s speech at the end of the game desperately needs subtitles—unless you’re fluent in Japanese. I am glad for the added voice acting, though it can get repetitive after a while. Setting the text to instant (or “Without wait,” as the odd translation puts it) helps a lot if you’re speeding through to get different achievements and endings. It’s a shame the Steam overlay doesn’t work, but it might be unavoidable considering the age of the game.Despite the minor issues I have with PM2, I’d love to see Princess Makers 3-5 on Steam someday, so I can continue to accidentally torment my innocent blank slate of a child as I try to shape her into what I failed to become in my own life. But asIthey say, it's never too late to become a queen of darkness."
76561197994830973,Recommended,523000,25744142,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,gobbler41,"I've previously played the DOS version of this game and liked it a lot. This version has non-pixelated art which, although not as charming as the original's, is pretty nice. The game also gives you a choice to use the original MIDI or WAV, and there's Japanese voice acting as well.For people who've never played this before, it's basically a scheduling game. You select what your daughter does from month to month: Certain activities build up certain stats, which make certain endings possible, and the fun lies in finding out how your actions play out. There are also brief interludes with simple JRPG-style combat and exploration.While I'm happy that the game is on Steam, the English translation is painfully sloppy. The introductory movie is full of substandard English, and the game itself is full of typos: Amourer instead of armourer, for example.Typos don't prevent people from playing the game, but because Princess Maker 2 relies on the quality and charm of its writing, I urge CFK to do the right thing and improve the translation in a patch. As it stands, the typos make the game look like a quick and dirty port, which does CFK's reputation no favors.Edit: Now that I've played a game through, I can see that there's another serious fault. In the DOS version, your daughter would write you a letter when she became an adult, either thanking you or criticizing you for your parenting. In the Steam version, she reads that letter aloud in Japanese, but there's no English text. If you don't speak Japanese, then, you're out of luck as far as understanding what she's saying. This means that what was a touching moment in the DOS version is now just going to leave a lot of English-speaking players confused. This absolutely needs to be fixed in a patch."
,Recommended,523000,25760395,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Magically Changing Name,"I feel like I've waited all my life for this game to see an official English release.The translation here is quite sketchy (the 1994 DOS vaporware version's translation was much better) and there are certainly other issues (see other reviews mentioning the letter at the end not having subtitles) but anyone who has ever wanted the Princess Maker series in English to pick this baby up. It's just as fun as ever and opens up the possibility of PM3 ~ 5 being translated. I could die happy with these games translated, even as roughly as done here.No censorship, but there wasn't much to censor from the original Japan-only release of PM2 Refine in 2004. The art was toned down in the original Refine release. No Mad Eddy. Steam overlay doesn't work. Can't screenshot in Steam. There's a bug where Faith reduces to 0 when you sell things out of your inventory when your inventory is maxed.Release isn't perfect but it works and it's better than nothing. Community has figured out how to edit the game's images day one, I'm sure a method to change the game's text is soon to follow.[Update Sept 30 2016: CFK are reaching out in a thread in the forum to sniff out bugs and text issues based on player feedback. This is a lot more than I expected from them. Hopefully they fix this release's problems. I'll update this review when/if they do.]"
,Recommended,523000,28730338,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zalboa,">decide right off the bat I wanna have a warrior daughter>train her the entire time with kung fu and fencing>works as a lumberjack and farmer almost 24/7>go to arena and face the same tank every time, only weakness is magic and tanking back>study magic a bit to face him>random sorceror challenges daughter on the way home one day>slice him up with my katana>rock the arena, win the royal sword, 999 strength muscle beast of a woman>now 18, time to decide her life>""I'm a well renown sorceror, so I think I'll be a fortune teller""&gt♥♥♥♥♥♥in magic and speech so she can't tell fortunes or convice people she can>""YOU ♥♥♥♥ED UP HER LIFE WHY ARE YOU SUCH A WORTHLESS FATHER!?!?""10/10 realisctic Dad simulator"
,Recommended,523000,25745705,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Pinkswimma,"I've played the original DOS version and this new version - Refine.What I liked about Refine:+ New Japanese voiceovers.+ The music sounds much better.+ New text makes it easier to understand some of the courses/work easier. I first played this game as a child and had a difficult time understanding the terminology in the DOS version. As a result, a child may have an easier time understanding this.+ The Art is less grainy and more refined; somewhat brighter. The flowers in the vase change by the season – which I thought was a nice touch.+ 'Olive/Daughter' feels less sexualized in this version.+ I liked that I could talk to my Daughter multiples times about various things. In the old version it greyed out after one conversation.UPDATE 2nd play through:+ The People with bounty on their heads were easier to find this time. In the old version I had to approach the same building multiple times in order to prompt the event.What I disliked about Refine:- I'm not sure it was necessary to change the main art for 'Olive/Daughter' in the main gameplay screen. It's not that I dislike the new art, but it felt out of place with the older art. The poses were also different which I don't know if I cared for. The Red Dress seemed rushed compared to the original.- When I completed the game and had reached the results the DOS version had a letter that your Daughter had written about how she was raised. Refine has a new image with new art of Olive/Daughter and she was speaking in Japanese with no text. Which I believe is just a bug or oversight currently.- I feel like the new art was made to portray her more as a Daughter and not a potential lover; which is for the better really. However, in the Vacation scenes she is still naked in various scenes and poses. If the art was updated why wasn't that updated as well? She also talks about her bust and butt too from time to time when you talk to her. In the old version she would ask: ""Do you think my figure is okay?"" from time to time instead of her butt.- The font that was chosen for the text is not as nice as it was for the old version. It feels cheaper.- The cheats were taken away. I personally prefer to play without the cheats but sometimes it's nice to mess around. I can understand omitting naked Olive/Daughter.- The voice overs were repetitive. The P/T pawn shop girl Wendy shouts at you when speaking and it is unpleasant.- I feel like this could have been an opportunity to add something new to the game play; such as a new course, job, new items. or adventuring area(s) - based on 2 full play thrroughs.UPDATE 2nd play through:- (BUG) Your Daughter's Faith reduced to 0 when you took off armor.- (BUG) The Clown achievement unlocked when I was meant to obtain the perfect hunting achievement.- The Adverturing areas were still slow moving when moving your Daughter as Day turned into night and back.Overall, I think this game needs a few fixes but I am very excited and would like to try different routes.I think you should buy this to support the development of future releases."
76561198034080989,Recommended,523000,32491008,Posted: 16 June,all,thetattooedyoshi,"Do you like lolitas from space/heavens? Do you like stat sims? Do you like Light RPG stuff? Do you like Mideaval times? Do you like anime? Then Princess Maker 2 Refined is for you. A TL;DR is at the bottom of the review. :)Refined being the word they went with for ""We updated the original title and put in some stuff and took out some other stuff to make it run smoothly""This game was originally released on DOS a while back (if memory serves correctly) and it was a fun little title with a built-in cheat system that let you basically get a bunch of money (among other things that are a bit controversial and NSFW by today's standards) called Mad Eddy's.Mad Eddy's Cheats and Goods has sadly been removed and I hope it gets translated and re-added in a future patch or I will be very sad because it's nearly impossible to get these achievements without consulting a web guide if you want a specific ending.Aside from missing one of the elements that made the game a little easier for newcoming players this game holds up well in my eyes and is a lot of fun for a good few hours with high replayability with its total of over 50 different endings (I think). Some of the downsides I don't like that will hopefully find a fix soon are minor bugs such as the ending letter just sort of getting skipped if you prefer to play with voice acting turned off. Yes, they added voice acting. It's pretty good in my opinion, though I prefer to play the game without voice acting turned on because I liked the original where there wasn't any and personally the voices in my head fit the characters just a touch better.If you're a fan of the series you'll love this game and what it tries to do. If you're new to the series, it's a good start, but will probably be pretty confusing at first.One last thing to note: Some of the artwork contains NSFW 18+ Content as I've seen from community screenshots of other players' subsequent playthroughs and results so if you don't like nudity or something like that then maybe wait for a patch that censors it or something.Final Verdict as of current state (6/16/17): 8/10-Some of the missing elements make it more challenging than it was previously-Some minor but fixable bugs keep it down-Holds up extremely well-Fun with lots of replayability-Really lovely artworks."
76561198027715984,Recommended,523000,31267391,Posted: 20 April,all,Ruiqicn,"At age 10 I realize my funds cant even support her class for more than a week.At age 11 I made her work to pay for her own classes.At age 12 I made her go out into the wild for weeks on her own with sharp objects.At age 13 I ran out of money for tuition and made her work more than before.At age 14 shes too frequently stressed out and often ranaway from home.At age 15 I made her participate in the painting competition but shes wants to dance instead. I refused because painting had better reward.At age 16 I brought her an expensive robe from the salesmen with her own money.At age 17 I rejected every potential suitor's marriage proposal and frequently go out on vacation with her.At age 18 I somehow manage to make her into a writter.Also, I married her.10/10 I'm the worst father ever."
76561198158309410,Recommended,523000,29199778,Posted: 12 January,all,Lady Chaos,"I wanted to arrange marriage between my daughter and Demon Lord and because of my actions, she end up being a pro stitute (Steam censor, sorry!). But hey! She did married a Demon Lord anyway so... I won... I guess? ^^""I always wanted to play ""Princess Maker 2"", but couldn't get it to work on my PC, so you can imagine, how happy I was, when I saw it on Steam. The reputation that ""Princess Maker 2"" has is well deserved. This is a very good game, easily the best ""raise your kid"" simulator currently available on Steam (it even beats ""Long Live The Queen"", which I also enjoy a lot), but at the same time, it is so much more.It has interesting bits of story and lore, thrown here and there. This is a very complicated game, with a lot of aspects - you will shape relationship with your daughter, you will send her to classes, so that she can learn new skills, but that costs money. So you will have to send her to work (sometimes to not nice places) or send her to go on adventures. There are many different skills, characters, hidden statistics and all sorts of stuff, that will impact how your daughter will end up. There are over 70 (!) different endings, plus few different marriage optionsCube is my favorite so far ♥. Also, you need to be aware of your daughters morality and stress level - she may be ill, she may become a delinquent, she may run from home, she may even die. Watch over her diet too. Oh, and don't be surprised, when she will fall in love or become someone's mistress. There are lots and lots of very subtle changes and many strategies to raise your daughter.This game has huge replayability - I've played it three times already and I will definitely come back for more, as I want to see all of the most interesting endings and get all achievements. If you haven't play this game, give it a shot - it's lovely, it has a lot of secrets and it's very interesting to see results of your choices. I fully recommend it."
,Recommended,523000,25773297,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Matryoshka,"tl;dr - Far inferior to the unreleased DOS version.  I can only justify buying this to send a message that the west wants these games.  It's up to you to decide if you want to spend $20 on a worse version of a game from 1993 - along with my hesitant recommendation, I recommend reading into the history of SoftEgg's attempt at bringing the game to the US if you're on the fence.  I may not know how tl;dr works.Like most of the other reviewers, I played the DOS version of this game a TON when I was growing up.  I consider the story behind that version's failed release to be one of the greatest disappointments in video game history - look into it, if you feel so inclined.  Had the release succeeded, we may well have seen official English releases for many more Gainax titles.  Titles I have never played, and would sorely like to.  The fact that this is actually getting an official release in western markets now, so long after the fact, is surprising.  However, there is one thing that is preventing me from fully embacing this release: the translation.As others have noted, the translation is vastly inferior to the unreleased DOS version.  The opening text crawl, which you can see on the Store page, has some amazing Engrish (to be fair, nothing else in the game quite reaches that level).  There are grammatical and spelling errors abound, and in a game that is largely text based it's pretty annoying.  In addition, certain stats and skills now have names that don't really make sense.  Charisma has become Glamour, Refinement has become Elegance, and neither of those are really troubling.  But in a game where the religious symbolism is extremely western (crosses and nuns), why has ""Sin"" become ""Karma?""  It doesn't even make any sense.  You actually GAIN karma for doing sinful things, and if I hadn't made the connection to the DOS version, I may have thought that was a good thing.  Also, and this is admittedly a minor point, Conversation is now ""Speech.""  The skill is basically tracking your daughter's ability to engage in witty conversation with people, so Conversation is far more appropriate.  Speech sounds more like she's learning to speak properly... yet, the only way to increase it is by working at the Bar, and proper speech is actually governed by Decorum.  It's silly.It makes me sad that such an inferior version of the translation has seen a release that the DOS version never did.  I yearn for the days of the original's nostalgic, pixelized art, though I'm willing to accept that that's more about my own nostalgia - the art isn't really bad.  I think some of the art has altered your daughter's poses as she grows, but that may have something to do with blood type, and I've only played one game, so I can't definitively state that's the case.Also, another minor point (not so minor?) - going full screen stretches the game's aspect ratio rather than retaining it via a border or something.  It looks terrible, so play windowed.  And why did my daughter stare lovingly at me and speak Japanese to me for 90 seconds upon completion of the game?  There was no text in that segment, which if I recall from the DOS version, was a letter your daughter wrote to you thanking you for all you've done for her.Honestly, I'm not sure if I want to recommend this.  The unofficial DOS version is better in just about every way.  I don't condone piracy at all, but it's hard to justify paying $20 for an inferior version of a game from the early 90s.  I haven't looked into what the community is doing with this release - if smarter people than I are going to find a way to crack and fix this game, then buy it.  I bought it solely because I want to send a message to the Japanese makers of games like these that there is a market for them in the west.  They're fantastic and I want them."
76561198280108358,Recommended,523000,32798567,Posted: 25 June,all,BumblerBee,"So far, I've gotten a resounding 26 hours out of this game, and I am still excited to play more. It was way more than I expected it to be! It's so cool to see every choice you make really affecting your daughter. Seriously, everything you do matters. If you're into those sort of games, give it a shot. Totally worth it if you're a completionist, or if you just want to explore the ways of raising your daughter. The only reason I'm having a hard time getting some endings is because I get too attatched and don't want to lead her astray. 10/10"
76561198081222898,Recommended,523000,25779554,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,mistoptics,"I'd wait until it's modded or patched, as some things are confusing and bugged, but it's an enjoyable stat-raising game.Favourite run: I attempted to raise her as a nun (nothing but church and theology lessons), and she ended up a street performer in a bikini and loincloth."
76561198160868511,Recommended,523000,28014570,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Strayed Lynx,"This antique anime game made by Gainax manages to stand the test of time extremely well,even after so many years it's gameplay is still as engaging and novel as it was at the time of it's release,the updated HD visuals look really good,especially if you like the artstyle of 90s anime and thanks to the many events and enormous amount of different endings you can unlock depending on your choices the game has quite a lot of replayability as well."
,Recommended,523000,28267111,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Kuehnau,"I am not one for ""visual novels"" but Princess Maker 2 is a pretty amazing game. It takes the concept of a child raising simulator, a RPG, a visual novel and even in some aspects a dating sim and rolls them all into a amazing title.I remember playing this game back when it was on DOS and considered ""abandonware"", I loved the game then and I love the game now. The updated quality is great and the added features, such as audio dialog just makes the game so much better.I loved the fact that I was able to support a game that I had so much fun playing when I was in middle school. One can only hope the developer for the STEAM title manages to secure and translate even more Princess Maker games."
76561197997678124,Recommended,523000,25759619,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,fragkitten,"The moment I saw this title pop up in new releases, my mind said only one thing.'Shut up and take my money.'Seriously, this is one of my top 25 favorite games(mostly due to nostalgia).Minor story spoilers:Basically you are the ruler of a kingdom and you have to do your best to raise your daughter in the most responsible(or irresponsible if that is your parenting style) way possible. Depending on what you plan for her daily activities, your daughter can either be obedient or delinquent. There are also many game endings depending on what events you choose to attend/how you train her. She can end up marrying a dragon, becoming a nun, a court magician, and if you're feeling a bit depraved you can sell her into prostitution or marriage. The possibilities seem endless(though that really isn't always a good thing in some cases)!I always really loved this title and spent days of game time goofing around trying to get most of the endings on DOSbox over the years. Now it's on Steam and I am absolutely beyond tickled pink. I've already dusted off the old websites floating around with how to get all the endings and I'm ready to make the best princess that I can! I have always adored management sims and this one was very well done along with a princess theme! What's not to like for a gal like me!?I think my only complaint is that I really wish there was a free or endless mode where I can end the game whenever I choose(even if the princess is an old lady).Thank you for bringing this to Steam!"
,Recommended,523000,32668826,Posted: 23 June,all,purpleperil,"Have played this game since the leaked unofficial translation hit the net, I never thought that it would get an official release as time and game style progressed. I was so thrilled to see it released and that the first game was as well.It may not be the most advanced or prettiest game, but it still holds as one of the most unique and fun games I've ever played. Well worth to buy."
,Recommended,523000,32911128,Posted: 27 June,all,Johnny Big-Pants,"Look, let's just keep this between you and I, alright? If my friends knew I played a game called ""Princess Maker,"" well that doesn't really give a guy street cred, if you know what I mean. With that little disclamer out of the way, let me say, HOT DAMN I LOVE ME SOME PRINCESS MAKER! Is it great? Naw, not really. But there is a surprising amount of flexibility in how you play through this game.Your job is to raise a little girl to adulthood, but no one said do it well. You can make your daughter labor away at the local farm to pay your bills. You can send her to school to teach her science, poetry, theology, or teach her how to punch and kick real good. If watching animations play out and stats grow isn't your scene, why not go do some adventuring with some light JRPG elements? There are so many different aspects to this game, but what makes them interesting and makes the game unique is that the endings adjust to your playstyle. How you raise your daughter is basically summed up with what ending you get. If she spent more of her teen years laboring away and working with her hands, she'll move out and keep living that lifestyle. If you sent her to seedy establishments to work, well guess what? Your daughter is probably a professional hooker as an adult. Have her conquer the monster-filled wilds? A future as a respected warrior may be in store. Each playthrough is about 7-10 hours and they can be dramatically different than earlier playthroughs.Really, whether or not you should buy this game comes down to this: do the screenshots intrigue you? Do you like carefully making a character's stats grow? Does the idea of playing through the same game multiple times for different endings interest you? Then you should definitely pick this up. I'll always return back to this game, but for those who are new to it, I think you'll at the very least enjoy your first playthrough, if not more."
,Recommended,523000,26312709,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,AmnesiacJack,"It's certainly PM2 all right and still just as fun but as mentioned it does have several issues.- Translation is pretty subpar. They really need to get someone to localize it better / fix several programming issues.- End text just fast forwarded through every dialogue box even though I never pressed or changed the setting to do so.- Strange audio levels which leaves combat sounds much louder than the rest of the sfx.- Don't really dig all the new art and some of the scenes border on questionable taste with less censorship than the DOS version. Would prefer an original art option like they offered with the WAV / MIDI choice.I picked it up due to the amount of time I put into the DOS version and with hope that this one is ""refined"" a bit further."
,Recommended,523000,25797520,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Trilliant Revengeance,"Alright so, this port isn't quite as good as the original DOS version. The graphics while better aren't as charming, the music is a bit buggy and the translation has weird moments (""Your daughter has been defeated by"" being your victory screen for example) but at the same time, its just as fun as the original game. I wouldn't go as far and say the port is terrible, but take it as a warning.Now onto the actual game. Its great. You ever play Long Live The Queen? They're fairly similar games. The main difference being that Long Live The Queen being more focused on political and militaristic aspect of castle life, this game is more of a general life simulator set in a castle. You can do so much with raising your daughter, its pretty insane how much content their is in that regard. You can train her to be a soldier, a priestess, a teacher, a dancer, a singer, an artist, a witch, any blend of those and so much more. The game has over 40 endings too!The game also has a combat system and dungeon exploration if you chose a more offensive route. They're extremely simple, but they get the job done and are pretty rewarding. I do wish the dungeon exploration had more to it, but its still fun for what it is. On another note, the soundtrack of the game is pretty underrated. While its not the best, the tunes in the game are very relaxing and make me feel at ease.This game isn't without its flaws however. My biggest gripe is that your daughter can get extremely overpowered relatively early in the game. I'm only in Year 2 (out of 8) and I'm already one-shotting dragons and winning the Harvest Festival. I think they did it to try to make your daughter proficient at several task at once but its still a bit wonky. The game can also get weird sometimes. You can feed her breast-expanding pills as early as Year 1 and one of the endings involves you marrying your daughter. Weird stuff..Overall, a great life simulation game. Probably my favorite, even better than Long Live The Queen in my book."
,Recommended,523000,25851557,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Holmes,Bed rid my daughter sending her to church too much.Sent her into the wilderness at the age of 10 with no armour or weapon and watched her get jumped by a condor.Gave her breast enlarging pills and a skimpy dress that I bought from some sort of east asian con man.Made her a lumberjack by day and grave keeper by night.And some how she has the nerve to appreciate my butler over her own father?10/10 Gainax. Best daughter I'll never have.
,Recommended,523000,30072165,Posted: 20 February,all,Deadman Wonderland,"My Daughter, Trollop Hoss, was a disgrace to our family name. I can barely type this I am so disappointed.Immediately upon seeing my totally-going-to-be-a-hoss of a daughter I realized that it was going to be a tough life for her. I planned on sending her to hard labor every day of her life from ages 10-18 and then see where things go from there. LIKELY a life as a sturdy brick shithouse nun if the gods would smile upon me. Optimistically, I did as I set out to do. I worked her every day for 3 months on a farm with no rest or leisure and at the age of 10 years 3 months she became a GANG MEMBER and would only wear a nightgown.At that point she didn't want to do anything anymore, just kept like, literally squatting and♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at the farm or something like that, until she was arrested by soldiers that found her hanging out with theives. They locked her up but for some reason they let her go, so I sent hossica back to the farm. I noticed she was gaining a lot of strength but still was beefy so I cut her diet down to the strictest level possible. This broad could still bale hay, let me tell you. They actually increased her pay.One day shortly after all of this she ran off and came back with a HAND GRENADE. Literally. So I figured now would be a good time to enter her in the harvest festival combat arena. He first opponent was literally a blind guy who punched her so hard in the face it bloodied her up and she quit. I was pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off that she was so pathetic so I sent her back to the farm, but they kicked her out for having a bad attitude.I was going to have her repent at church but realized she would be better off wandering around in the woods so I sent her on a mission to the eastern woods. The first person she came across was a nice woman so obviously my daughter attacked her with the grenade. The woman somehow didn't die after getting hit with the grenade and instead punched my daughter in the face causing Trollop to run away. This was twice now that she had run away from fights after getting punched in the face.It soon became winter and she was sick and cold because she only had a summer dress. FINE. I spent almost all our savings to buy her some mail armor to go over the dress to keep her warm. But she still got sick. At this point I was basically out of empathy for her due this persistent weakness and because of multiple arrests for hanging out with ragamuffins and the most unruly people. We also had little money since her lazy weak♥♥♥♥♥decided to not work when I sent her off. She was just super lazy and I kind of don't even like thinking about it because it's super disappointing. Only after going to jail would she work.  And she ended up being upgraded from hay work to LUMBERJACK. No flannel shirt but she didn't need it, she was soon hossin out at about 600 STR, dumb and clumsy as hell but could cut wood like a chainsaw. Good for her. Finally some progress. Maybe next year I will buy her that teacup for her birthday.But after 3 birthdays in which I didn't buy her anything, 9 arrests, 3 harvest festival♥♥♥♥♥kickings, about 8 forest beatdowns at the hands of city guards that she attacked of her own volition, and about 950 days of slacking off she finally got sick and died at the age of 13 from working at a farm and chopping down trees. And one time I sent her hunter and she didn't shoot anything. Then some angel came and told me I was a super bad dad for never taking her to the hospital, but nothing happened to me beyond that so, whatever angel, total waste of a trip since I'm sure my daughter is burning in hell for living such a lackadaisical life."
,Recommended,523000,29345032,Posted: 18 January,all,Black Puppet,"My daughter has no manners, gets sick fairly often and runs away every second month. I am a♥♥♥♥♥♥parent thats for sure.Jokes aside, I didnt think that this game would be this challenging. I had a different game playing with the same idea and even though it was challenging, it was not nearly as challenging as this one. Having not only to deal with the growth of your daughter but also with her own needs in terms of clothing and a good study to broaden her horizon. 9 days at school and nearly all of our money is gone, spending 9 days working and only recieving half pay because of mistakes. Her getting sick and then running away on the next day.This is a good game considering how old it is. I enjoy what I played so far and I shall make sure that she will turn 18 at some point!"
,Recommended,523000,25774336,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Jail Bait,"One of the best life simulators I ever played. If you like these type of games this is the best experience you'll ever have. With simple, yet deep gameplay the game has 74 possible endings, making the replayability of this game HUGE even more for the price you're going to pay. Princess Maker 2 Refine is a remaster of the original game released for MS-DOS, which at least IMO is the best game to start with the franchise. I really recommend buying this game.By the way, don't worry about Princess Maker 1. Each game of the franchise has it's own universe.The game is originally developed by Gainax, You can't go wrong by buying this piece of art."
76561198046264962,Recommended,523000,29480478,Posted: 25 January,all,elisabetta611,"I remember getting my hands on the almost complete English Beta version of the original second Princess Maker 2 and spending DAYS raising various daughters. It was AMAZING and seeing this finally get an official English relase was and is a dream come true. Granted, the Softegg translation flowed better but the recent patches provided by the devs have already polished this release superbly.This game led to games like God Save The Queen being developed, it's a classic. Does it have its issues? Sure, some of the possible content can be slightly squicky. The translation still needs polish, especially the endings.But apparently this release also will make English releases of PM3-PM5 possible. And that would just be awesome. Definitely recommended, a great classic!"
,Recommended,523000,27763302,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,tsuiwil,It reminds me of the good old days.It's pity that there are some secrets not being ported to Steam version
,Recommended,523000,25744078,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,ShadowRFox,"So the return of nostalgia. This is a cult favorite child raising simulator.You are a sword man who defeated the demon leading an army to destroy the kingdom. Soon after that you encounter a goddess who tell you to raise the girl as your own daughter. From there you will choose how she dress, whats her diet, what she study, and what she do as a job. The game have a lot of little detail that are nice to see, such as if her diet is poor then she will have harder time work jobs that take more stamina. Or if she go to the beach for vacation, then she'll come back with a tan. You have 8 years to raise the girl (she's 10 when the game start) into a young lady. Really there a lot to do in this game and it will require many playthroughs to see many of the different endings and events of the game.My one con to this game is that it doesn't really give you a tutorial or hints to let you know which jobs raise/lower what stats before you do it. So your first couple playthroughs will most likely be fumbling around to see what cause what effect, or what the best way to handle a problem (such as the daughter getting sick or becoming a delinquent). Heck it took me a while to figure out why everyone kept dodging my daughter attacks while she was in combat (yea you can send your daughter adventuring out and fighting monsters).All in all, this is a child raising sim with an addictive play style to it. Be prepared to lose hours trying to raise your daughter into becoming something great like a princess or queen."
,Recommended,523000,25764774,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Aliasi,"If you're familiar with the old never-completed English beta, this is an official release of a later Windows-compatible remake. It has somewhat improved art and music that is... well, it's not actually WORSE than the original. The game itself, however, is as wonderful as ever and is a great life simulation. There are some possibly-creepy bits - given one can marry your adopted daughter or have her take over as the new Lord of Hell - but these are the bad endings that ought to be avoided unless you are a completionist; otherwise, well, how would you know you were a good parent without the possibility to mess up?The translation isn't quite as refined as the old beta and has several typos, but is generally easier to understand what is going on."
76561198294339164,Recommended,523000,29810948,Posted: 9 February,all,Ivoleyn,"One of the first games that I played when I was young and I still come back to play it from time to time.I didn't get this on steam until recently, but I've played quite often when I was using Win 95/98... (ended up playing all PM1 through PM 5 and Go-Go Princess, which is saying something).It can be frustrating at times when you can't get that ending because you need to micromanage status, but it's all worth it when you do reach your goal!If you enjoy games like Long Live the Queen, I'm sure you will love this one although I'm more partial to PM2 <3"
,Recommended,523000,30026850,Posted: 18 February,all,Gogopri,I ended up with a sensitivity of almost 1000 because I misunderstood some stuff with the hairdressing job.10/10 would be able to talk to wolves again.
76561198137426576,Recommended,523000,25846879,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Kanarena,"As it stands, this release is a little rough in translation, a little buggy, and yes, they did miss what, in the dos version would have been the daughter's letter translation at the end, but given that your daughter's guardian has the game critical text for the endings, it's a loss of flavor, seeing how your kid turned out in her own words, over a game breaking miss, now I've played a lot of badly done english translations done by the japanese company, this is not among them, it's understandable, in some ways it's arguably clearer than the cleaner dead softegg attempt, and the company so far seems to have lent the english community an ear, if you loved the dos version or the inspired games such as long live the queen, and you can handle a little bit of translation awkwardness, I'd say go for it, if the bugs worry you or you're hoping for a finer translation, then give them time to act on the feedback they're getting, but don't write this release off on those alone...as it stands, I'm more disappointed this didn't release together with pm 1 refine than I am in the quality, just remember, every princess maker game is planned for a steam release, but whether or not we see them in english, that's on us to support just as much as it is for them to make it"
76561198243300976,Recommended,523000,30298971,Posted: 3 March,all,Kotatsu,"This stat-building game is highly addictive and has dozens of endings. I'm 1.5 hours into the game and my daughter is 13 and a strong lumberjack. Every time I send her out to work, I fear she won't come home. You start to really become attached to your daughter and feel like her actual father. Every choice you make will determine her future. The only complaints I have are that the UI is a little confusing and I wish the dialogue wasn't so repetitive, though that is more of the fault of the original game than this remake.EDIT: At 16, my daughter won the cooking contest against Marthia and at 17 won the dance contest. On her 18th birthday, she became a farmer's wife. :/ I guess I will try again. Anyway, it took me about 4.5 hours to finish the first playthrough."
,Recommended,523000,27221584,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bunny Rabbit,"I have nominated this game for the ""Test of Time"" Steam Award because it is as fun to play now as it was back when I first discovered the abandonware version many years ago. The refinement treatment it has received is mostly positive, with my only ""complaint"" being that I am still adjusting to some very minor differences in translation (for example, the charisma stat is now labaled as glamour). The improved artwork and soundtrack enhances the experience and the inclusion of voice acting is a treat despite being only available in the original Japanese language. The developers are taking customer feedback and improving the release all the time. I cannot recommend this game highly enough and I hope the company will translate the other titles in this game series for the English speaking audience and make them available for purchase on Steam as well!"
,Recommended,523000,27537333,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Yalmere,"Plan your daughter’s day simulator.You choose what classes your daughter take, what jobs she does, and work to raise her stats. You have some other mini- games such as a simplified battle system you see when wandering the wilderness and there are set events that happen every playthrough. As a game it can be boring if you don’t enjoy stat raising as a main mechanic.The biggest positive to this game is making your own story as you play. Do you raise a saint, a warrior, a housewife?  Crafting your own story is where the fun is at and I find the game enjobable because of it. There is replay value in raising the character a different way, focusing on combat skills, domestic skills, and others.NegativesThere are many problems with the translation. There have not been instances that I couldn’t understand what it meant but it sounds very off. Nothing game breaking but still noteworthy.The end text for me at least scrolled too fast and I couldn’t see much though I think that got patched after my playthrough.It’s an old game and it feels old. That said if you don’t mind that it is still a fun game.The above-mentioned focus on raising stats may not be enjoyable for manyConclusion.I do like this game and think that people should give it a try as it is something different and has plenty of replay value with plenty of endings.  Grab it on sale and give it a go if you are unsure. Watch a video and see if it interests you. I enjoy and recommend it."
,Recommended,523000,25824630,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Derpykiin,About 8 yrs ago I had pirated this game. I have fond memories of playing it many times. Now that it has been re-relessed I can say I stll enjoy the time I've spent with it and hope the newer games are brought to steam aswell.
,Recommended,523000,26324339,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,jocelyn0214,This is one of my favorite childhood game. I am so glad that they have brought it back/update it to a point where I can just play it on the modern computer whenever I want. Kinda wish they didn't remove the cheat code from the original version. But still tons of fun to play.
76561198278935806,Recommended,523000,26424897,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,pikaluo,"Firstly, I adore this game, I used to spend hours upon hours on it! It's just as good now, there're some extra features, the music is improved and there's voice acting - though I usually disable it myself.This port is fairly decent, there are a few grammatical errors here and there, but apart from that it's all fine."
76561198026185508,Recommended,523000,26998015,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,玉藻御前,"i normally don't write reviews but in this particular case i feel i should.this is a rerelease of a classic raising sim, in fact unless i'm very much mistaken it's the sequel to the game that created the genre.  it's pretty well made, there were a few glitches with achievements at launch but it seems like most of the bugs have been ironed out."
76561198041201967,Recommended,523000,25772325,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,RockLobster,"Great game, and the remake adds some good things. Voice acting was a nice bonus, although I did end up skipping through it later in the game when going through repeating dialogue. I liked the new graphics, but there's a good amount of people who prefer the old DOS graphics of the original.This release had some problems, though, like the daughter's head being replaced by the ""Summer"" desert picture when changing outfits once. Fortunately it fixed itself after a scene change, but it's just one of a few little bugs that pop up every now and then. The translation outside of the Stats is pretty solid, so if people were afraid of Engrish, it's not there. The only real thing I'll complain about is the naming of Stats since some of them are a bit confusing, like Karma."
,Recommended,523000,31799073,Posted: 16 May,all,Mister RPG *LJ*,"Bizarre game. Of all people, my wife recommended this to me. Said she played it growing up. Ok...Fed her 2 pills from the ""Far East Trader"" that apparently grew her boobs. In the end, her ""bust"" was comparable to Akeno of Highschool DxD (They keep track of this and yea, I wondered what anime tiddies were like hers. Crazy, right?) Apparently its important to know if you're two-time Combat Tourney champ has a big rack. PS I won all the Harvest Festival Comps. Why does that matter? idfk. Had her work at the ""Illegal bar"" and ""Cabaret"" once... for the lulz. She willingly chose to be a concubine twice, even though her allowance was equal to what that dude gave her and she was scolded both times. I mean, really? Plus lets not get into the fact she at times doesnt know what a SWIMSUIT is. Yeesh.My ending: You best dad. Mars be like: We were gonna reclaim her, but bro, you aiight as a dad. We cool. She got married to some dude and became a writer. My girl is Emily Dickinson! Jane Austen! Gertrude Stein! #ProudParent #MyhighschoolerissmarterthanyourhonorstudentOutside of the awkward Engrish aka ""Mika has been defeated by Surly Katana"" but wins the fight... and the cringey scene where she get nekkid for no reason... (I raised an exhibitionist?) I liked the game. Entertaining, pretty damn unusual, but entertaining. High replay value imo, if you care to try other routes and see what demon you can unleash on others."
76561198003052605,Recommended,523000,29494600,Posted: 25 January,all,hermes_tri,Great game! hopefully they will include the rest of the Princess Maker Series!
,Recommended,523000,25762924,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Myzzrym,"A great game - if you like Long Live the Queen, give Princess Maker 2 a try."
76561198003952569,Not Recommended,523000,26298886,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,foobywalla,Horrendous translation.  Recommend the old version on dosbox.
76561198318920224,Recommended,523000,26105207,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,midnightflyer12,"I've been familiar with Princess Maker 2, mostly due to a Hardcore Gaming 101 article on the saga of this game's near localization back in the nineties. Being a fan of sim games and visual novels. this appealed to me. Then word came that PM2 was coming to Steam. As a port of the redone PS2 release. Well. I promptly bought it.Story wise, it's pretty simple. At some point, the kingdom the game takes place in got too prideful and full of themselves, so God sent the Demon King and his army after them. A young hero from the east, hearing about the people's plight, takes on the Demon King in battle, and wins. Graciously accepting his defeat, the Demon King leaves, later sending one of his warriors, Cube to serve as your butler. For what it's worth, this tidbit is never mentioned in game, only in extra materials. Anyway, at some point afterwards, Heaven sends you a little girl to raise. You shape her personality through jobs, classes, and errantry. Money WILL be tight, as you only get 500 gold a year, and your little girl helps with her earnings.For those who like getting Achievements, this game is a tad wonky when it comes to receiving certain ones.  There's also the translation, which is still a bit off. The developers are working on this, though. The PM community is passionate about these games, and they are considering releasing the others here on Steam (Yay!).What will your daughter grow up to be? Will she survive to adulthood? Will she marry the Prince? A dragon? Your butler? Will her heavenly guardian chew you out for being a bad parent? There's twenty different endings, some of which overlap in a way."
76561198011615844,Recommended,523000,26412425,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Shadow_Fang,I'm so glad this game was brought back! Its a really great way to spend an hour or two since you can easily do a playthrough within a single day. Plus as someone who's a story writing nutcase this has always been perfect for me :) especially when I've had at least just about a dozen playthroughs on the DOS version and now it'll be with this :)
76561198030905358,Recommended,523000,30070784,Posted: 20 February,all,Jaghave,Played the original dos version back in the day and feel in love with this game. One of the few games I've played which I really wanted to get all 70+ endings and even with those 70+ ending there slight variety so the endings are sort of limitless.   I really hope they translate 3-5 especially 5 since that the best one!
76561198168722184,Recommended,523000,26087244,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Bluespacebabe,"The original is one of my all time fave games, it is easy to get into, n just fun way to spend the day playing over n over again. JUST AAAAA so nice now i can get ppl to buy the game!! i am such a bad parent i will never ever have children"
,Recommended,523000,27620335,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,† Johanna,"I've spent a lot of time playing the original, and I can safely say that this is pretty much exactly the same. The only difference is the updated artwork. Personally, I would have loved an option to switch to the original sprites, since there is an option for midis.The translation is slightly off in certain places, (no s on the end of some plurals) but it's barely noticeable.I would have liked it if the game could have had the steam overlay and the ability to take screenshots.Overall it's just as endearing and fun as I remember it, I'm really happy that Princess Maker 2 is on Steam."
,Recommended,523000,33318552,Posted: 6 July,all,Green&purple2015,"I'm one of those people who have played PM2 when I was a still a kid and loved it. I always found it a shame that PM2 never was able to be released in the west officially so I was ecstatic to find out that a company (this being CFK) was going to localise all the Princess Maker Series with PM2 being the first to be released. Of course I am going to support it.Playing it again (this time with the refined version in English) here's what I can say about this game:Pros:+First of all this game is addictive. It's easy to lose yourself in plotting your daughter's schedule and trying to guide her to whatever ending you're gunning for.+This game has a high replay-ability value. PM2 has a lot of endings, A lot of events that a triggered based on what skills your daughter has, You wont be able to finish this game in a couple of playtroughs.+Has endearing characters such Cube for example.+Has an adventuring mode that gives the game more game-play and appeals to anyone who likes JRPG.+Good Voice actingCons:- The English release has awkward translations. Although CFK has made updates to improve them so this is not a major con but something to take note.-Game has Risqué endings and events. This can be avoided in the game though if you are uncomfortable with them.Overall I would recommend this to anyone who love Sim games."
76561198049035827,Recommended,523000,34256210,Posted: 15 August,all,rvwild,"Second most recent playthrough: I thought it would be funny partway through to make her a nun and have her marry the demon butler so I aimed for that ending. Result: She became a general and married a cheerful, sociable knight. And also she hated me for making her train all the time.Most recent playthrough: Burnt by my last experience, I decided to focus on making sure she won the Art Contest at the Harvest Festival for the cash. 14 year, probably due to all the dance lessons I'd been sending her on for stamina and glamour her rival was the Dance Party girl, to my displeasure as I had a sure winner with the Advent of Angels painting. But I went along with it because I didn't want my daughter to hate me. I made sure she smoozed with the Minister, I beggared myself buying her a dress, I sent her dance class after dance class. She ran away during the month of the next Harvest Festival. She had to fund her dance classes with hairdressing that year. Result: Became a dancer and married the demon butler which I wasn't even trying for. And she loved me for cherishing her.We make plans for our children and push them in that direction, but children will make their own choices and follow their own paths, parents plans for them be damned. That's why this game is an awesomely realisitic parenting simulator, apparent from all the fairy tea parties and demon feasts."
,Recommended,523000,28841754,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Li Shunchen,"Love it!It does have a lot of charm, does not get boring, with several different endings, it is very motivating, and you feel like every little decision does actually change the outcome of your game.Negative points:- I don't understand, how some of the stats influence gameplay (you need to consult a wiki to undestand some things.)- Soundtrack is not really good."
,Recommended,523000,25773159,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Tomha,"Neon Genesis EvangelionPanty and StockingGurren LagannPrincess Maker 2What do these have in common? Gainax...let that sink in for a moment. Gainax that made alot of really weird anime made a game or two that wasn't weird! It's a life simulation game where you beat Satan who does God's dirty work and be rewarded by having the roman/greek gods give you a naked 8 year old girl to immediately begin working to earn more money then you do a year, become anything from a legendary hero like you, to a queen, to a harlot, or even deciding to let daddy marry her cause he took really good 'care' of her.Cringe as you can be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and agree to sell her out for arranged marriages, give her breast enlargement drugs, put out for demons, and don't buy her any birthday presents while your demon butler complains about you being cheap to what is meant to be like a girl jesus until she turns 18 and becomes one of many flavors of horrible person. And the worst you'll get is gods complaining about you, or getting her♥♥♥♥♥♥♥killed.Huh...ya know, Gainax having their hands on this at all makes too much sense now...OH and for anyone wondering, cheat codes are gone."
76561198146279804,Recommended,523000,30016554,Posted: 18 February,all,Depression Incarnate,"It's a great game if you're one of those people who like to min max everything (which I am).I recommend playing it blind a few times first to perserve your virgin experiences, but you will need a guide to get all the best and worst endings.Also protip:Farming is your best friend for the first couple of years."
,Recommended,523000,27287277,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kidomaro~,"I'll start off the review by saying that this game really caught me by suprise. I watched it on youtube and thought that's pretty neat, I'll give it a try and so I bought it. I was amazed because this game is very fun. Yes it does have some meh translation now and then but if you ignore that then it's a very good game. The soundtrack is overall pretty decent and the visuals are good for when this game orignally came out. But the gameplay is what is amazing like you can basically make your girl become whatever you want like if you want her to become a warrior or a mage and go into a rpg mode you can do that, but if you just want a normal life simulation you can also get that. There'es even secrets and little things that makes the game way more fun and time consuming. If Princess Maker gets more games on steam I'll deffianlty give them a try because this game got me and I want more. So yes buy this game It's very good. JUST DO IT YOU KNOW YOU WANT IT.(I'm even starting the anime cuz yes this game has a anime for it)"
,Recommended,523000,28356799,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Roseblight,"This is a good game, but not a good translation. I liked the art, but overall the unreleased 1994 English version is better even though half the endings are broken."
76561198263501545,Recommended,523000,30060957,Posted: 20 February,all,Okyo651,I raised a barwench and was scolded by god 10/10
76561198080165705,Recommended,523000,27071983,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,JayToKay,"Before I say anything else. This is a good game. Raising a daughter who can kick a god's♥♥♥♥♥in under 3 years is a blast an there are a lot of cute events here and there to get you attached to the little darling.There are a lot of good things to be said about having a version of this game you can play without using dosbox. As with all things though there are a few points that need to be addressed.Localisation - could you please make a thread where we can submit ideas for better translations or something?Cheat shop - yes, it wasn't meant to be in the game but it's a part of this game's history that everyone kinda became used to.Lack of new features - this is the classical princess maker 2 experience. In all ways. Don't expect any new events."
,Recommended,523000,25878680,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,SabithaSuki,"Well well well, it appears there was a patch after all. Goodie! So lets talk about the only negative; the removal of debug menu. This is a long game to play multiple times, and the debug menu helped swing the outcome of time in your favor.BuuuuutThe game itself is still one of the most clever titles I've played in some time. For as short as I played it, I made sure to take good care and maticlous pride in raising a ballenced regal-to-be.The elements of combat, morality, and social skills blend rather well. Coupled with reading phrases to adress what should be studided, and NOT looking at the numbers all the time, this is something that in its current state, is worth checking out!---OCTOBER 5 Original---Let me be frank here and say I LOVE Princess Maker 2, But for the improvments made in its english release is very disapointing. Buggy acheivment support, No end game text, and worse yet, typography issues that clutter the screen (I'm looking at you magic milk). Untill this game becomes fixed with an ending and better translation with achivments, I sadly can not reccomend it in its current state."
,Recommended,523000,25957312,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Red,"pros:Cute stat raising sim with a shocking wealth of content, especially if you enjoyed the beta version as a youth. New art, new music, new translation,full voice acting!cons:Got some creepy stuff in it which they made no attempt to remove. This translation is a bit ramshackle. No fast forward button that I'm aware of.My narrative is the same as a lot of people: got the unfinished DOS version as a child, played it extensively, rediscovered it later. It's a very cute game that I think ended up having a large female fanbase on accident, kind of like Harvest Moon. I hold it very close to my heart and would recommend it to anyone with even a passing interest in this kind of game because I think it's one of the best raising sims out there, but it's not without its flaws.The story goes as follows:you're a wandering swordsman, you save a kingdom from demons, God rewards you with a child. You get to raise her however you want, but you don't have a lot of money.Each month is divided into 3 segments. For each of these, you can either:Send her to work- babysitting, church volunteer, farmwork, etc. more jobs unlock as you get older (raises stats, lowers others, gives money)Send her to school- dance lessons, Science, etc. (only raises stats, but takes money)Send her adventuring, a sort of RPG overworld minigame (Yes, you can send your 10 year old into a frozen tundra with no weapons or armor if you really want to)Give her some free time(Work and school will both accumulate stress that needs to be relieved or she will fall ill)Throughout your play, your daughter's stats will gradually shape into something that determines the final ending she gets. Will she become a member of the nobility? A child of the arts? A great warrior? Or something more sinister?The game's most prominent feature, I think, is its replayability.Notably, there are 74 endings, and several possible marriages on top of that. Something as simple as your daughter's birthday and blood type might result in a different starting layout for your stats. There are a lot of hidden secrets, and you might find some of the stats have surprising uses (or consequences).You can play the game in a lot of different ways and the game doesn't penalize you for it - maybe you want to be a magical girl and adventure every other week, paying your way through Theology and Magic classes with loot, or maybe you never want to touch adventuring and work her way through Poetry classes by working at a hair salon. Neither of these are wrong ways to play!Now, for the bad:This translation, as others have stated, is not as coherent as the original beta one. Fortunately and unfortunately, it's the worst at the start of the game and the end of the game, meaning that for the most part the translation is very serviceable, but you get dialogue like""From there, it would seem she made an excellent turn.""during your ending. Uh, what? I only knew it meant""Your daughter was excellent at her job.""thanks to having played the original.However, the localization team seems to be responsive to complaints and committed to making edits to fix the game, including (supposedly, I haven't tested) fixing several broken achievements and adding subtitles to the voiceover-only ending after enough people complained, and there's a suggestion thread in the forums for finding typos or localization errors.Also, for those of you hoping they removed the creepier parts of this game:Nope.You can still:1.MARRY YOUR DAUGHTER (it's not incest if it's not blood related, apparently!), something that from the lack of an achievement for it I'd hoped they had removed for the Steam release2. see your underage daughter naked in several vacation CGs, even if the beta version made attempts to remove this3. hear your daughter talk to her FATHER about how she wishes her chest was bigger (please stop, oh my God)4. buy pills that increase chest size from a shady salesmanThese are gross and I wish they'd been removed. Unlike something like the shadier venues you can work at when you get older which you can argue serve a gameplay purpose, increasing your 12 year old's bust size serves no real purpose except beingextremely creepy!In summation,if you love this kind of game or played it as a kid and are willing to overlook creepiness and translation errors, get it,it's a hidden gem with a lot of heart and seems to have a good team behind it.If you think you'd enjoy it but you're not sure you want to spend $20 on it, wait for a saleor perhaps try the DOS version first to see if it's the kind of game you like before coming back to buy it."
,Recommended,523000,30042729,Posted: 19 February,all,mistinshadows,"I cannot even count the number of hours I spent playing this game way back in the 90's.  It is beyond incredible to get to play it again through Steam.  The translation is pretty darn good in this version, and it is the same amazing game to which I lost much of my youth.  To this day, I don't think I managed to get even half of the endings.  There are SO many.  I really am looking forward to getting some more this time around.I cannot possibly recommend it enough to people who enjoy life sim and raising sim games."
,Recommended,523000,30023431,Posted: 18 February,all,KT,"I used to play this game on DOS as a kid to pass the time. It's just as fun as I remember it and the translation is a lot better than the one that was slapped together for Princess Maker Refine 1. It's a simple game that's hard to master but once you figure out the numbers behind everything, it's easy enough to work toward a goal with just enough of a feeling of chance."
76561198335460763,Recommended,523000,28923693,Posted: 1 January,all,Sleepy-André,"So i started off being like, ""oh yeah, this game is aight, might recommend it to my friends who like more casual stuff."" But then my daughter ♥♥♥♥ing went and squatted in a church and i instantly knew that this game was one after my own heart.This game has realism, depth, 85 ♥♥♥♥ing endings, combat, dancing, squatting teens with cringy memes, everything you need in a good game. Some people might say this game is the game of the year, and I am one of those people because this gem is a diamond in the rough."
76561198357151906,Recommended,523000,34115818,Posted: 8 August,all,AJ Wright,"Loved this game on the DosBox, Love it now."
,Recommended,523000,30077137,Posted: 21 February,all,Laila Kin,"I absolutely looove raising sims and this is the iconic start to them all. A fantastic game! Ive done about 3 playthroughs so far and it's definitely challenging depending on what you're aiming for. The game so far has worked perfectly and the translations have minor flaws at best, which don't create any confusion, imo. I'm really praying they add it's sequels after this one. If you loved Long Live The Queen, Then you will Adore this. Keep in mind ofc though, that this one is much less linear story-wise than LLTQ(Infact, has very little story to none if at all.)"
76561198140766401,Recommended,523000,25776855,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,dnsk666,"The game of my generation!I encountered this game when I was 9 at my friend's house, who are not very close to me, but the game was just mind blowing so I never wanted to home.Princes♥♥♥♥er3 was the first game I ever purchased with my own money, and I was playing it on daily basis.21century, the era of internet started and first thing i searched from internet was to get Princess Maker 2, the game of my generation.me and my friends were so crazy about this game, we were only talking with lines of the game.I have been playing this game regularly till now. ( I am in my 30's and a mother of a child)I have laptop with window XP operating system only to play Princess Maker.I purchased this game to just to show support and love to princess maker so producers will know this game still sells and might continue making the series..EVERYONE in this universe should play this game to really understand life.this is the best game of my generations and had huge impact on our generation's mentality."
,Recommended,523000,25772961,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Inderdog Farmskins.com,"Well, I didn't expect a full voice or better music than older versionbut turn out it really good.give it a try"
76561198067633483,Recommended,523000,25768269,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Tintaglia,"Waited so long for this after playig the old rom game for years.  So nice to have a legit copy, and one where the sound works.  Instant buy cause I'll be playing this for days this year, and the next, and the next.  Really looking forward to the other games getting released here as well."
76561198239534934,Recommended,523000,25771678,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,hjalsayegh,"23 years and this game is still holds up!This game was originally a DOS game, the refined edition was made to be compatible with windows... and it's playable in a ""window""!My daughter spent her youth in a farm, her teen years working as a short order chef and the last year of her life reading poetry and yet somehow she ended up as a professional dancer... WHERE DID I GO WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,523000,29668868,Posted: 3 February,all,Clown Orgasms,"It was already worth the price when I got to name my daughter ""Accident"""
,Recommended,523000,25744387,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,4RM3D [anime247],"Oh my childhood memories...This is the English version of the 2004 Japanese re-release (refine). The re-release has updated graphics, better sound and Japanese voices. It also works stable on Windows 10 (for me). You can feel the age of the game from the outdated GUI, but regardless, it's still an amazing game and there hasn't been anything like it since, with the exception of ""Long Live The Queen"" (which is a lesser, but still good, Princess Maker spin-off)."
,Recommended,523000,25758525,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Kay G.,"When I first read about Princess Maker 2, and of how influential it was to many games that followed, I bemoaned the fact that its original English release was canned (the beta leaking onto the internet notwithstanding). Now, the game is finally available in English in the west.My only gripe is that the original beta's translation was not used. The redone in-house translation is a tad bit rough in some places, with a few grammatical errors here and there. Other than that, it's everything I'd hoped for!"
76561198081466620,Recommended,523000,32721550,Posted: 24 June,all,mystery_origin,A rather buggy remake of the classic daughter hero raising simulator. I 'think' the more severe bugs are fixed in the latest update but I haven't verified it (I got around it via hacks).
,Recommended,523000,31913471,Posted: 23 May,all,aj,i first played this by illgaliy downloading it when i was about 13. at the time i said if it ever comes out for sale in the us ill buy it. so i did. its still agreat game like i rember. so steam keep them coming :D
,Recommended,523000,33037741,Posted: 30 June,all,rubydoe,This game will always have a place in my heart <3
76561198030938270,Recommended,523000,25769556,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,mualchoc,Old memory bring back to life after.. 20 years?Look like they redraw our daugther because I think she isn't stand like this.There's still some bug here and there also they should just upsize the graphic to 1920x1080 ( default now is 640x480 or so )
,Recommended,523000,34245129,Posted: 14 August,all,Kung Pao Chicken,PBG led me to this game
,Recommended,523000,32402873,Posted: 13 June,all,Jinxsation,"This was my childhood game. Back then, I was too young to explore all the endings because there are so many."
,Recommended,523000,33524101,Posted: 13 July,all,SuperFluffyCouchSnake,Great game to figure things out in and play for fun and see how it turns out.
76561197988010833,Recommended,523000,25878460,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Mystery Keeper,An all around wonderful remake of the classic game. All art re-done while remaining true to the original. Nothing was cut out. A real nostalgia candy.
,Not Recommended,523000,33207943,Posted: 3 July,all,Zodai,"Refunded, doesn't exactly fit what I hoped it had.Focuses too much on finances than the actual faughter/daughter raising fantasy than I hoped.  Felt like I had to go look up a guide and metagame the money before I could actually start playing.  Maybe the other games do a bit better on this, but I know not how they look.Really wanted to like it, but early on it just didn't work out."
,Recommended,523000,25759453,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,АlphaWhelp,"The 5 stages ofgriefPrincess Maker 2""What the hell is this awful crap? This looks like the worst thing ever made.""""Oh, I can just browse all the endings here. I'll just see what they are and spare myself playing.""*30 minutes later* ""W...what kind of gameisthis?""""Okay, fine, I'll try it just to see what it's like and refund it before 2 hours.""*3 days, 50 hours played later* ""must... get... all... endings..."""
76561198081072891,Recommended,523000,28777074,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Cuccoruler,"This game was more than a bit of fun!Makes you really want to think about how you grow her up, though there are quite a bit of anti-feminist tones, but it's said in the middle ages so I guess I can accept that.Banana Chicken approved!"
76561198062406756,Recommended,523000,25747100,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Halkett,"TL:DR - A blast from the past sim-raiser with plently of secrets and endings to uncover. While showing it's age, the new voice acting is nice and the game is interesting enough that it remains engaging and works as more than just a meseum piece. RecommendedAddendum: All NSFW stuff seems to be present and accounted for, if any old players are concerned about censorship (new players: NSFW stuff is in the form of the occasional artsy nude and brief text descriptions of your daughter getting into morally dubious situations. All the situations are the result of you deliberately playing the game quite badly, as refected in your final result). Only thing missing is Fast Eddy and the Un-dress, which were not present in the 2004 Refine port (of which this is a translation) anyway.The translations itself is... ok... with the opening scrawl being far and away the worst offender. The actual in-game translation is servicable if ocasssionally stilted. While other people have run into bugs, so far I've not noticed any.So much nostalgia, and such an unlikely port after 24 years!PM2 is a stat-raising life sim where you raise a girl from the ages of 10 - 18. Set in a medievil fantasy world, each month your daughter gets three time slots to fill her shedule with; from part-time work, classes, adventuring and rest. These stats vary from combat and magic to social graces and even house work. Final stat levels determine which one of 70-odd endings you receive. Additionally, there are a number of ""secrets"" that can be triggered by talking certain items to certain placed on the adventure maps, or how you treat certain characters."
76561198102162371,Recommended,523000,25834629,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Starshine,"Compared to the old version, it runs smoother and looks nicer. Runs in fullscreen (which the screenshots don't show, it works with widescreen resolutions and looks good)However, the translation isn't as good.The big difference though is that this version is uncensored, there's nudity where there wasn't in the old one.The game is almost perfect for kids, and the updates are mostly making the game better for that. The nudity and sexual comments and innuendo being more direct now, take away all that.Hopefully when the other games in the series get translated they're more kid friendly. As if it wasn't for the gross 'fanservice' they'd be the perfect game for kids.Beyond localisation there seemed to be only a couple minor bugs and some achievements not being counted. But nothing gamebreaking.Past comparisons, PM2 is a fun game. Time management with a good story and a fun RPG minigame, where you can strike down the God of War. While theoretically you're playing an offscreen adoptive parent, really you're playing a demigod girl sent to live among the mortals and managing your education till the age of 18 when you find out how things turn out.It's a bit old fashioned in its morals. Marriage and child raising are held above career achievements in measuring success. But thats a small thing, its a game where you can rise to being anything from the Queen, mercenary wizard to the ruler of hell. You can marry a Dragon too, oh also a Prince."
,Recommended,523000,27353776,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,zimfier,More or less same game from way back when.
76561198117014880,Recommended,523000,29860688,Posted: 11 February,all,GabLikesCoffee,"It's amazing... just wow... wow. I've never faithfully played a game for more than two weeks until this one. IT IS SO ADDICTING! Few translation errors though, like when you win a battle, the game suggests you lost it. SLAMMED THAT RECOMMEND BUTTON!"
76561198180261585,Recommended,523000,28683520,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,sand lord,really fun game but i kinda wish mad eddy was in it but other wise enjoyable time
,Not Recommended,523000,33203946,Posted: 3 July,all,quamamoena91,"It's a pretty old game, and that definitely shows. I feel like if you want to play a game like this, you should just buy Long Live the Queen instead or even Cute Knight (which is also old, but good).Cons:Even in the Refine edition, controls are outdated and visably old.No tutorial and buttons aren't clearly labeled as to what they are, so you have to stumble through.It's a tad slow and monotonous. I understand that's common with these games, but usually it's broken up with events and regular dialogue to make it tolerable."
,Recommended,523000,25762601,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BADA,Long live the Queen!
76561198276215662,Recommended,523000,28927451,Posted: 1 January,all,Lukemorelikepuke,Well...uh...I...yeah...10/10
,Recommended,523000,25839497,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Undead Kitty 🎃,"So happy this game finally came out on Steam. This english isn't great in the game, but I'm sure a few patches will fix that. In all a super fun game. Really hard to get a good ending."
76561198017394040,Recommended,523000,25777777,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Jonidipp,You can marry your child.
76561197989742369,Not Recommended,523000,33525615,Posted: 13 July,all,Observer,"As someone that had played the original Princess Maker 2 english translation by Softegg, this game felt severely lacking. The translation does not seem natural in some places, the text formatting is plain and sometimes has graphical errors (compared to the original translation, which had a very beautifully designed font), and all-in-all, a less than impressive performance.I asked for and received a refund almost immediately."
76561198081506125,Recommended,523000,25789125,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,mammalion10,There was a cheat in the free version that no longer exists in his version. The artwork is beautiful though and the story is great. I love it!
,Recommended,523000,25778074,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ketsa,"I first played it 5 years ago, even now it feels nostalgic. I can't imagine you old nip farts who got it on release day."
76561198061995292,Recommended,523000,25746996,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Debrel,"I maxed out intelligence, wanted her to become a scientist. Teacher kept telling her to reject faith in gods and magic and to find a scientific reason for everything instead. She ended up becoming a housewife, turns out I needed more faith."
,Recommended,523000,29853364,Posted: 11 February,all,Rynaty,Yes
76561197975141335,Recommended,523000,28306134,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Peebington,I don't want to type out a review.
,Recommended,523000,27789085,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AKHLUT,King　god　 Emperor　General　Game
,Not Recommended,523000,32019298,Posted: 28 May,all,Pan,"I bought this game because the Internet told me it was similar to Long Live the Queen. The Internet was wrong.This game lacks any narrative of Long Live the Queen, or more like, any narrative whatsoever. Random events occur often without any visible reason, story or meaning. Some skills may lead to your daughter running away or getting hit on by suitors. Without reading an actual walkthrough, you have no clue which skills cause this, even as it is happening. Nothing in this game is intuitive or exciting to discover. There is no clear goal to whatever you are doing. You can't even find the joy in your daughter succeeding, because it is impossible to relate to her in any way. There are a dozen or so different lines your daughter will say when you talk to her, many of them generic Japanese schoolgirl type lines such as ""I wish my chest was bigger"".Were you to catch this game for a couple of euros/dollars/rupees, I would recommend it. It will offer you a few hours of clicking around and seeing what happens. However, if what you are looking for is a narrative and story based, intuitive goal-centered game, I cannot recommend you buy this game."
,Recommended,523000,26038481,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Echelon,"In the old translation your daughter had a stat called ""Sin."" It Is now translated as ""Karma."" Completely lost the appeal, if you ask me. I don't want to raise a fukken hinduist."
,Not Recommended,523000,25825418,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,HerpicleOmnicron5,Objectively worse than the original version.
76561198046043466,Recommended,523000,25746683,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Onisuika,My princess has muscular. ok I'm got championship in combat tournament. Yeah...
,Recommended,523000,25742494,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,risbolla,the forehead is out of hand. it's more like a fivehead at this point
76561198334668214,Recommended,523000,25744728,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Bakadesusenpai,SAVE EDITOR WHEN?!
76561198089618001,Recommended,523000,30400570,Posted: 8 March,all,Jia Jia,AMAZING! I think ive played this 200 times.  I basically played it to the max.  :)
76561198018217986,Recommended,523000,25998578,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ultroloth[BR],"Recommend, it's really fun to see the fate of his daughter. And the varieties of ends is one of the best points of this game."
,Recommended,523000,26000693,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,CrimsonDX,"I can finally recommend this game fully. I loved the original DOS PM2 game, and was overjoyed when I saw that it was finally getting an official release. At first however this game was plagued by bugs and translation errors, and the fear that this game would just be abandoned caused me to delete my first review.However, CFK have shown their dedication. With their first two patches the game has been vastly improved. Given how amazing this game is, and CFK's dedication to fixing their mistakes I can fully recommend anyone who is a fan of simulation games or just a fan of Japanese games in general."
76561198328770829,Recommended,523000,26003998,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Jade-Kun,"I remember playing this ages ago, kinda miss the debug mode but its still fun and well worth the money if you like these sort of sims ^^"
76561197993810589,Recommended,523000,25920553,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,FruitSamurai,Godly game with perfect balance of normal life and battlesgame pace is also enjoyable. it doesnt take too long to make you feel bored but long enough to enjoy myriad of different eventsseems to be some problem with modernizing the game but overall it is definitly worth it
76561197988379192,Recommended,523000,25874818,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,akana-may,"Well, well... it has been quite some time since english beta... long enough to raise a real kid, wasnt it?If you have played this before, you should get this just for old times sake (i did).If you havent, this one is piece of gaming history, which was nicely ""refined"" to avoid eye damage (if you are one of those who have never experienced the joy of fitting drivers into 640k of memory.. and arent into ""modern indie retro""), with (nice) jap voiceover and so on... if you are into genre, there is no excuse for not buying this."
,Recommended,523000,25859217,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,tsubasanut,"Finally got into it after trying 3 times with old DOS version and bumping off. A hint: you can expect 10-year-old to go beat the mosters with a club and survive.Especially if she is magic-user by birth.So go check the FAQ quickly first if you want some controlled dauther-grow experience.Or just dive-in if you like trial and error way.""Long live the queen"" seems similar, but it  really a roguelike one-way semblance of Pricess Maker. This one can is more steady multi-way development and you can just go with the flow most of the time if you like. Thumbs up and waiting for PM3 and 4 translations."
76561198002081861,Recommended,523000,25917820,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Randseed,"Pretty entertaining old school-type game. The inability to skip repetitive cut scenes (like the intro) and the horrible translation really take away from it, though."
,Recommended,523000,25936328,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,The_Idiot,"You play the part of a hero that was granted a child by the gods. A pure, innocent little girl who has been sheltered from the world in ways only the gods can shelter. Or at least, only the gods could get away with such treatment of a child. It comes across as being similar to keeping a newborn in the basement for the first ten years of her life, only interacting with her on a basic level and not allowing any contact with the world outside. Someone call heavenly child services!You have to raise her from that tender age of ten, arranging for everything from her diet, to her clothes, to her education. Raising a child and giving her a good education isn't cheap, either. How can a single adoptive father, on a stipend from the kindgom of a meager 500 gold per year, afford it? On a normal diet, the girl eats 360 gold per year, and the other 140 isn't nearly enough for all the little things a child needs, or anything resembling an education. Well, the answer is obvious. Put her to work!From the age of 10, your adoptive daughter can do work as a babysitter, watching over other children barely any younger than her and keeping them out of trouble. Or she could work on a farm, buiding up her strength and destroying her appearance. Or, for a penny a day, she could work at the church... she'll even get sundays off! Wait... what?Doing jobs and taking classes will raise some of the girl's stats and lower others, and the fun of the game is all the different ways your daughter can turn out. A dancer! A painter! A poet! She can become loved by high society, and leave her mark on the world through her arts. Or... an Archmage! A Hero! She can learn to wield might and magic, and even challenge the very god of war in her adventures! Or... A hunter! A... concubine? Thedemon queen?!?!  You can hopelessly corrupt your child, and offend the gods with how bad of a father you have been.The game is an interesting take on the life simulation genre, and offers dozens of endings for great replayability. Highly recommended for those that like stat management/micro management games."
76561198119283014,Recommended,523000,25778727,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Victorita9,"I was very excited to play this game after I had played the beta version of it many years ago. I hope they translate more princess maker games in the future. It's exactly how I remember it , while changinag a few minor things. It was fun to play.The only con I have is at the end of the game. In the beta there was a letter of your daughter writing to you of how you did.  And there is a letter that is voiced to you...in japanese. The problem? I don't speak japanese. If I could I would have gotten all of the princess maker games already. I really hope they go back to the letter format.(edit)So I checked out the new translations of the daughter's letter to you, and it can definetley use some refinement. Please keep trying!"
76561198020170064,Recommended,523000,26004755,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Riviera,"I am glad that this game finally got an actual english release after 20 odd years of being lost in translation, as I like to put it.  Very very glad to see this here, it's one of the better simulation series games and I'm really excited and hoping for PM4 and PM5 to finally be translated.  It has updated graphics because it's based on the 'refined' version, and it still retains the charm that I remember when I played it long ago.Though the translation leaves something to be desired, I still recommend this, mostly because the company has taken steps to improve the game (They fixed the Fatih 0 bug and they recently translated the your daughter's letter at the end too) and listened to feedback from the fans, which is always a good sign."
76561198013549332,Recommended,523000,26004885,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,"Punished ""Venom"" Kaban","All those Hanako games that we all know and love, this is the game that defined their genre. It's old, it's rough around the edges, but it's still every bit as fun. 100% recommend. And who knows, maybe if we buy it they'll give us translations of the other games? (Please!)"
,Recommended,523000,26005851,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,courtnutty,"I bought this game out of nostalgia. I don't really regret it either. I love Princess Maker 2. However, there are a few things that I definitely think can be improved upon:1) In the orginal DOS game at the end of the game you get a letter from your daughter. She tells you her favorite subjects, what she remembers doing the most, etc. Instead, in Princess Maker 2: Refine, it shows a picture of your daughter, has her speaking in Japanese and absolutely no translation which is honestly super disappointing. (Disregard, I see they did an update last night that should have fixed this issue. I'll have to play through and see how it is!)2) I wish the menu/interface were a little less clunky? I had the speech setting sped up to 'fast', and I got to the ending where my ""daughter"" became a mistress (oops). I was unable to change the text speed to read the conversation between her, Cube, and the man proposing to ""my daughter"". It kind of detracted from the ending since the speech went too fast and I was unable to change it back.3) I think the translation needs a bit of work, and I saw in the recent updates that they have addressed that issue. In the original DOS game your ""daughter"" has a ""Sin"" stat bar, in Princess Maker 2 : Refine it's called Karma. It took me 2 play throughs to see that getting Karma up was not a good thing. This is due to the fact that I didn't think hunting would increase sin, and my first play through ended up with a thug ending because her sin was pretty high. I really hope to see an update with sentences and such fixed. I am not sure what it is supposed to mean when you lecture your daughter and she responds with ""but she was not satisified"".Overall, I love this game. I'll keep playng until I get all 74 endings, I'll do all the marriages and I'll enjoy myself. I think I would recommend this to anyone who hasn't played it in their childhood, but is still interested in raising sims. With 74 endings, and so many different things you can do I don't know how you can't be entertained. I am really hoping the sales of this game will inspire them to translate and bring over Princess Maker 3, 4 and especially 5."
76561198101644705,Recommended,523000,30904698,Posted: 2 April,all,xXx_D@nkM3m3L0r:DDDD_xXx,"If you've ever wanted a daughter raising simulator, this game is for you. You can make her do all sorts of things in the game, for example my daughter became a Lumberjack who defeated a god of war. 9/10"
,Recommended,523000,29079827,Posted: 6 January,all,mellowcoconut,"Did 2 playthroughs so far and had a pretty good ime, plan on doing at least 2 more."
76561198143272052,Recommended,523000,29195950,Posted: 11 January,all,Mr. Mayo,"I never cried, then I bought this game. Its a nice change of pace from the constant war and death in video games. Dont get me wrong thats all fun too, but its nice to get something peaceful and happy. In the game you are a great hero who saves a nation from certain doom, and as a reward heaven grants you a 10 year old girl from heaven to raise as a daughter. Its a strange reward to be sure but ok. You choose her birthday, her name, your name, your birthday and your age and the game begins. She has a ton of different stats, which get higher or lower depending on what you have her do. having her work at a farm will increase strength and stamina but will lower elegance. Doing housework helps her learn cooking and cleaning but she makes no money. There are other jobs such as lumber jack, babysitter, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. That last one is real, and it pays a ton of money, but no daughter of mine will be caught in a place like that so off she went to the lumber mill. She was as graceful as a giraffe on roller blades but she could break you in half if she wanted to, and she was only 13 at the time. Outside of work she can study, which you spend money on rather than earn it. This affects more active stats like combat skill, decore, manners, intelligence and so on. You need to balance studies wil work and also which ones you select depending on what you want her to be. For instance its a good idea for her to practice Kung-FU and be a lumber jack because they complament each other, while dancing classes and lumberjack cancel out and leave you with a ton ofwasted money and nothing to show for it. When I first palyed I wanted to go with a princess Zelda type, very smart, good sword fighter, magical, and a princess. the problem was all those lessons cost more that you will have most of the time so I ended up sticking her in a resturant where she made bank and taught her manners so she would be noticed by the royalty. I also wanted her to be intelligent so I also gave her science classes. She ended up becoming aa housewife, and a damn good one at that. AAlthough she didnt marry a prince, she did marry a rich man, so I was satisfied know my son in law would eaty well the rest of his natural life as he married the official best cook in the nation 6 years in a row.My second runthrough I wanted my daughter to take my place as legendary hero, so I got her to work the farm and do Kung-fu. Long story short, she defeated the God of War when she was 15 and eventually became grand general of the royal army. She married well and I shed actual tears.Good game 10/10"
76561198263581261,Recommended,523000,28658442,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,fatal_frame_miko.chan,no lie i love this game. im a big fan of petite princess yucie and i found out it was loosely based on this and i had so much fun. this game reminds me of the atelier series i would hope maybe they might make a translation of the other princess maker games and atelier games.
,Recommended,523000,29054923,Posted: 6 January,all,Kplate,"The game that started raising sims. Super happy to see it finally release in english, now if only we could get the rest."
76561198322980520,Recommended,523000,28959192,Posted: 2 January,all,kumori5397,its hard to find parent simulation games nowadays.this was perfect and i highly recommend it
76561198044332155,Recommended,523000,29172017,Posted: 10 January,all,wolfjmk,LOVE THIS GAME! It just so perfect! it will drive you crazy to make sure your daughter gets a good life (or a bad one if your trying).
76561198097848573,Recommended,523000,29170394,Posted: 10 January,all,Halosy,"Do you like micromanaging? Welcvome to Micromanagement: THE GAME! In all seriousness though, this game takes up time and eats it pretty quickly if you're into the genre of running the life of an anime girl. A game that comes to mind that's also available on Steam is Long Live the Queen...but I've gotten more out of PM2 to be honest. There are plenty of events and plenty of endings to aim for, some harder and more intense to gain than others. You can do everything from being a housewife to being the Queen of Sin.The game IS slow and it will take patience...if you're unwilling to sit around staring as your virtual daughter does subpar hairdressing or wtaching her slooooooooowly get better at magic/fighting/manners then maybe skip it.The only issue that caused me some frustration was the translation of the game. Even in a Steam re-release they couldn't be bothered to check through the script. This is especially prevelent (for me anyway) in battles. I'd be doing damage or being delt damage and the log spew nonsensical broken sentences or some of the ending text/""cutscene"" text wasn't well translated. Thankfully it's understandable if you take a second to re-read it or something."
,Recommended,523000,33261137,Posted: 4 July,all,Hi Fish,"I played the original version way back when, so how could I not play the official Steam release?The good:-Wide variety of endings & secrets. You'll be playing a while if you want to see everything!-Nice artwork that's been updated a bit without losing its charm.-Speed-up options. Particularly handy for speeding up the Harvest Festival(which is very long and repetitive).-Voice acting! It's all in Japanese, but it's a nice touch for a re-release.The bad:-The translation is very hit or miss. Some things are phrased awkwardly, some characters get their names romanized differently in different places, and some things seem to be flat-out incorrect(the text after a win in the fighting tournament makes it sound like you lost, for instance).-The work/training dialogue gets very repetitive after a while. It'd be nice to be able to disable it.The neutral:-No tutorial. I don't mind, and it's really not surprising since this is a game from the pre-handholding era, but be warned that the game expects you to figure everything out yourself. (Or read an outside guide)-The bulk of the game is an endless statgrind/money management sim. I've played games like that before and enjoyed them, but it could come as a surprise to someone expecting a more traditional VN or RPG."
