user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,523210,32059009,Posted: 30 May,all,strangenoise,"Wonderful storytelling that strikes a beautiful note in shaping its characters. It is short, and the very few passcode number riddles (such an awkward stock of the new ""lost phone"" genre) are guesswork that varies only between really easy and really abstruse hard. In fact, I'd almost advise picking it up in a sale, because if you are a quick reader the whole game is unriddled in less than an episode of Sherlock. But the characters all make up for it.Also: great soundtrack! Made me hunt for the albums of the musicians involved!Does it have an agenda? You bet! But it couches its socio-political message in the exactly right story to tell. Hard to avoid spoilers, but let's say this: play it for a sensible and emotional coming-of-age story (if that is your gusto), whatever your politics are. This is obviously is no romp of a game, but a quieter, more serious and perhaps more mature take on gaming.  It won't give you a mobile horror story or voyeuristic bouts of shame. It puts you in another one's shoes like a good FPS or RPG should do (but rarely does... *sigh*). Still It is one of the better, if not best lost phone games."
76561198133365892,Not Recommended,523210,32791183,Posted: 25 June,all,Ribena_x,"I was drawn into this game by the premise, which, in itself is extremly simple but is so catching. What if you got into someone elses phone and could learn more about a perfect stranger!The mechanics of this game were very simple and polished, navigating through the phone was simple and the display wasn't over loaded with different ""Apps"" while at the same time not too sparce either. I enjoyed scrolling through old texts and emails to discover more about the person the phone belonged too.While both the premise and the mechanics were very good I felt the story lacked. Right from the beginning I knew were the story was going and while it was a strong message to get across in a game, it felt extremely predictable. The puzzles to unlock different parts of the phone were too easy and weren't very challenging. I'm a player who really likes to get involved with the story of a game and this didn't hold my attention.Overall I liked the game for the mechanics but the story wouldn't entice me to play again or recommend it to a friend. I'd love to see the developers expand on this premise and maybe do another game with the same premise with a different story and with more investigative puzzles."
,Not Recommended,523210,31283939,Posted: 21 April,all,Critical Nobody,"It was a short experience and didn't cost much, but nothing about A Normal Lost Phone grabbed me.I have no real life experience dealing with the issues presented in the game so I can't relate to it on that level, but that hasn't stopped me from enjoying other games/media that tackled similiar subject manner. For example, I absolutely loved Gone Home, which tackled some similar themes and had me going through a roller coaster of emotions. But this did nothing for me.For most of my time with ANLP, I was bored and within minutes of starting the game, I knew exactly where it was going. It doesn't help that much of what you're asked to read seems superfluous and attempts to educate the player on certain issues are so blunt that it feels more like you're being asked to read an LGBT wiki and not genuine conversations.And while the puzzles are incredibly simple, they tend to rely on the player picking out a tiny detail in mountains upon mountains of text, so the information needed to progress gets easily lost/forgetten.If it speaks to you on a personal level then that's great. But as a game, ANLP is just dull and I can't recommend it."
,Recommended,523210,32348087,Posted: 11 June,all,Nyakathe,"A DAMN good game!Awsome soundtrack, story and lessons its trying to give!I  recommend this game to you  if you are SPECIALLY struggiling with coming out as a trans person. It has a little forum in it where (i think) you can find helpful tips and stuff!Seeing all those homophobes and transphobes getting angry by this game is a true satifaction :D"
,Not Recommended,523210,31583598,Posted: 6 May,all,Venetia,"Sigh.It's a neat little concept for a game. Figured it'd be along the lines of Her Story or Orwell, where you're a 3rd-party piecing together parts of a mystery. Ilovethose styles of games.And youdo(sort of) solve a mystery, in a way ... But the mystery is so obvious and the outcome so hamfisted that there's no big reveal. No revelation. After you get through the first 15 minutes of reading, you knowexactlywhat's up with the phone's owner, and it's totally boring soapboxing the rest of the way.If you're a confused teen or a socially-conservative person, then this may be a decent game to feel better about yourself or open your mind to respecting people around you (respectively).But if you're a liberal, already-open-minded adult who just wants an Orwell-style mystery ... Look elsewhere. This ""game""(more like linear, interactive novel)is super boring, solved in minutes, and its writing is really only geared toward a young (13-18yo) audience."
,Recommended,523210,32216614,Posted: 6 June,all,wyulf,"if you're here for achievements, without a care about the story and whatnots, this game will net you a 100% in a few minutes especially if you pick up the guide.but ... if you are bothered, then it's a pretty good tale. short, unfortunately, but tells a deep enough story, brushing heavily on the issues faced by the LGBT community, and their struggles as individuals, to simply be accepted by the world, and more importantly, by friends and family. on a personal level, having a number of friends who are LGBT, i do feel for them, especially coming from a more conservative country. some have had to endure horrid relationships with their family once they decided to come out, some have been completely shunned. so in some ways, this game did genuinely make me feel for the person who lost the phone.while the game is short, i think it does a pretty good job in highlighting certain aspects of this 'issue', issue as it may be to some at least. people still get judged for the color of their skin. people still get judged for their faith. people still get judged by how they dress. people still get judged for not conforming to gender stereotypes. somehow, it's still difficult for many just to judge a person based on character. are they a good person? are they a bad person? that should matter more than anything else but alas ... in the end, (hopefully) it makes us realize, we're all just human afterall, and we all want to be loved, and want to be happy, and comfortable with who we are."
,Recommended,523210,29513478,Posted: 26 January,all,chraffx,"A great little story for a couple of dollars.The game centers around the owner of a lost phone (named Sam). You have found the phone and are investigating the texts and messages on it (presumably for the purposes of returning it). The story details Sam's challenges and struggles, and the level of intimacy is beautifully conveyed through the messages between them and their family/acquaintances. I enjoyed the writing of the characters and relationships, which felt remarkably human (for something that was conveyed purely through text messages). The game feels like it was based on a true story, and if it was, I hope that the people who were challenged by similar problems have been/will be able to resolve them.The puzzle elements of the game were fascinating and very enjoyable, but felt a little out of character. Most of the puzzles involve working out the passwords to Sam's private accounts. To me, it felt very intrusive and not something that I'd do if I found someone's lost phone. Most of the puzzles were reasonably straight forward, but there were two which I thought were significantly more obtuse than the other ones. That being said, I managed to complete the game in a bit over an hour.Some of the messages in the game leant a little too heavy on agenda-pushing. Now while I understand the point of the game was for the sake of understanding Sam's challenges, there was a part of the writing that felt like it was directed not at Sam, but the player. To be fair, the part I am referring to does make sense in context, but it just felt a little offputting that the writer was trying to express their opinion when it wasn't really necessary story-wise.However, the majority of the game is a well-done telling of a story that isn't told often enough. I think if you like story games, and don't mind social issues or political opinions, then you should probably give it a shot."
,Recommended,523210,29595270,Posted: 30 January,all,PyroTyger,"[No spoilers]Yeah, honestly, this is really good. In a sense, it's a hard-boiled detective thriller with a deep and very personal mystery unfolding as you figure out how to gain access to more of the phone's features.I felt a little uncomfortable with the premise of digging around somebody's personal and occasionally traumatic exchanges, but as a narrative device (haha) it's very effective, and the story is powerfully told.More of a mystery than a puzzle/game, but definitely worth the asking price."
,Recommended,523210,32797764,Posted: 25 June,all,rcteske,"The game doesn't look like much at first, but then the story unfolds in a beautiful way. A lot about empathy and accepting people."
,Recommended,523210,29691714,Posted: 4 February,all,Troll Under The Bridge,"Oh jeez, oh dang. With both this and The Lion's Song, 2017 seems to be coming right out the gate with those narrative-focused emotional games that hipster♥♥♥♥s like me love to obnoxiously recommend.So the premise is that you've found a phone that contains clues relating to a missing person. In order to work out the mystery, you need to trawl through their social medias, connecting the dots that open up new clues. I like how subtly some of these dots are integrated, requiring you to really look hard over what you're given. There's also a really captivating, interesting story, as twists and turns are revealed which encourage you to reexamine things in a new context.Also, because someone out there would probably yell at me for not bringing this up, yes, this is one of these 'ess-jay-dubya' games that have themes of race and LGBT life as part of the narrative. If that's something that'll turn you off the game, there you go, that's your warning.To anyone else though, I really do recommend this game. It's not particularly long, but it's also only $3, which is worth it when you consider the rollercoaster of a ride you'll get as a result."
76561198029169954,Recommended,523210,30610087,Posted: 19 March,all,Mr. Fishy,"A Normal Lost Phone combines a lot of elements I really enjoy - namely, diagetic mechanics (you interact with the game as you would a real phone that you actually picked up, which is neat), a solid narrative, cute graphics, and a respectful take on LGBTQ themes.This game is relatively short, but I definitely felt like I got my money's worth. The story starts off fairly simple - you find a phone that's been lost by a teenager named Sam. Several worried texts from Dad seem to suggest Sam has disappeared, and by snooping through Sam's texts, emails, pictures, etc you can find out why.If you enjoyed the slow meanderings of Gone Home, you'll most likely enjoy A Normal Lost Phone as well. I think it's certainly worth the read if you have an afternoon or two free."
,Recommended,523210,30270223,Posted: 1 March,all,Jovuto,"I bought this game because it had positive reviews, it was cheap and I have no issue with reading a bunch of text/experiencing a story rather than playing a game. I also found the concept of unravelling a story through the use of looking through someone's phone to be an interesting one. If this also sounds like you, then go ahead and buy it. Now, onto the real part of the review.SPOILERS AHEADI was really not expecting the story to take the turn it did. If you're observant, which I wasn't, you'll see the warning at the bottom about homophobic themes. When reading through everything, I expected the worst. I thought maybe Sam had been kidnapped or had genuinely gone missing. It's not until you start digging that you realise that Sam is actually a trans-woman. Maybe I'm exagurrating but I think the way the game reveals this is perfect and once you figure out what's going on, everything fits together really well. The game does a brilliant job of making you feel like a detective.I know a lot of people will be turned away from the themes of this game, but ♥♥♥♥ 'em. Yeah sure, ""SJW"" themes are somewhat overdone in games these days, but I couldn't care less. This game does a brilliant job of highlighting the problems that trans people, or even just the LGBT community, go through and also the issue of coming out to a family that might not accept you for who you are.That said, I have a few issues with the game that stop it from being perfect. The first issue is that the music player doesn't really serve a purpose and is honestly more destracting than anything. Trying to read large walls of text with music getting progressivly louder in the background is really difficult for me. It also served no purpose when it comes to puzzle solving. The second issue is that, while I apretiate it, a lot of the posts on the ""Be You"" forum seemed repetetive and not worth reading. Most of the posts there had nothing to do with the story, and while I do find it interesting to read about the LGBT community, a lot of the stuff there could've easily been compressed down. My thrid issue was the puzzles, some of them are a tad too cryptic. I feel like most people will need a walkthrough. And finally the ending. I'm not a fan of it. Maybe I'm bad for sympathising for Sam's parents... but I do. For all they know, their son/now daughter is completely missing. Possibly dead. But no. Sam just ran away from home without telling anyone. I know they are bigoted scumbags, but I feel like everyone should be treated with respect. Even bigoted scumbags. They have a right to know what happened to their child. In my eyes, Sam should've come out to them. The worst that could've happened would be them disowning her. Which, at the end of the day, is what she supposedly wanted anyway, because she ran away. I'm not sure how I feel about the ending. I'm usually a fan of bad endings, but this ending just makes the main character (Sam) unlikeable.But honestly overall, I enjoyed this experience. While it has its shortcomings in polish and storytelling, I feel as though it does a great job of telling a story in an interesting way. Well worth the £2, heck I almost spent 3 solid hours playing this.8/10"
,Recommended,523210,34853060,Posted: 9 September,all,STARRIDERE,"A cute small game, that's a bit sad because this is what people go through everyday. The game reveals that you're playing as someone who finds someone else's phone (which looks pretty darn new), out of curiousity, you browse their apps, messages, and e-mails to figure out what happened to the previous owner.By doing so, the story about the previous owner starts to unravel to the reader. You learn the struggles of the previous owner and their path of self-discovery. If you're open-minded and don't mind learning the secrets of this small game, I suggest you to play it."
,Not Recommended,523210,29564075,Posted: 29 January,all,InckKk,"I have mixed feelings about this game. The subject and the way how its representing is okay, but on the other hand its way to short and lacks content. Some ""puzzles"" are nice but its to much of the same, you just have to find everytime a secret code.Somehow the story itself is good and interesting where Gone Home was pretty obvious, A Normal Lost Phone gives you more space left, TILL the end, where it is supershort and similarity to Gone Home.As for the content, the price and the replay value (which is nothing), I woulndt randomly recommend this to someone, but i would recommend this to people who likes these kind of games.6/10"
,Recommended,523210,30497502,Posted: 13 March,all,Mr. World Weeb,"Very touching, cute. Short gameplay, sadly. Because I want more!! I quickly read a review of this game in PCGAMER, thought I should try it out because it didn't cost that much and the reviews were good - it was totally worth the money. Incredible story, I love the cryptic hints that lead you forward. A one-of-a-kind game that I would love to play again (but now that i've completed it and know the way through, it's just not the same..)long story short: buy it? YES. play it over again? NOT REALLY THE SAME, SADLY. This is more of a one-time-experience, in my opinion."
76561198023623749,Recommended,523210,32961503,Posted: 28 June,all,art.vandelay,"A Normal Lost Phone is a clever story-game, mainly consisting of plenty of (interesting and skillfully scripted) text to read and some nice problem solving, that conveys a heartfelt, genuinely believable and well-written main story plus few interesting sidetracks as well.I don't want to be more specific and risk spoiling the story or its main themes, because I myself feel that jumping in without knowing more than ""you found a lost phone, now go ahead, satisfy your curiosity and explore what it reveals"" was the best way to approach this cool experience. An experience I thoroughly enjoyed."
76561198019327123,Recommended,523210,30994836,Posted: 7 April,all,ヤキsawyer,"___!!!KINDA SPOILER BUT NOT REALLY!!!!___Great game! Even tho (without spoiling anything) i wish the outcome was different, i think they should have done more with this game than what they did (another, and more serious story line) BUT the story is great, and i think this game will hit many people straight in the heart and make them think twice before they judge people.Fun gameplay, awesome music. I mean what is better than lurking around on some random people's phones. Read their messages, look at their private pictures, uncovering secrets etc.Buy or not? BUY!!!"
,Recommended,523210,33164624,Posted: 2 July,all,Dr. McScience,"You found a phone; what happened to the owner?- it's short (just over an hour of playtime)- it has some light puzzle-solving- it explores some interesting themes; any more than that ventures into spoiler territory.For a couple of bucks, I think it's worth a play."
,Recommended,523210,29532056,Posted: 27 January,all,RoboNeko,"Really nice game that kept me playing for nearly 2 hours trying to find out what happened. I ended the game with a smile on my face, so it was totally worth it!"
,Recommended,523210,32838390,Posted: 26 June,all,Gummi_Patch,"It really felt like I was snooping through someone's phone, uncovering personal stuff.  The game tests your ability to find useful information hidden among texts, forums, and photos.  I was expecting a mystery game, but the story of our protagonist kept me captivated until the end."
,Recommended,523210,33574969,Posted: 15 July,all,fiendfall,"This is a lovely, lovely game, and the first I've enjoyed so much I felt compelled to review. The mechanics, puzzles, and overall presentation of the game (including its soundtrack) are all smooth and polished. But it's the story that's the focus here. You find a stranger's phone abandoned and, through reading messages and emails, and working out various passwords from wifi to dating apps, piece together the story of the phone's owner. It's ingenious and simple, the progression and puzzles are easy to follow while being engaging, and the plot is intriguing from the start.Where this game really shines, though, is in how personal it is. Its focus is on LGBTQ+ issues and experiences, and it really rang true for me. As I found out more and more about the owner of the phone I found myself becoming more and more proud of them and their bravery in discovering and exploring who they are in a homophobic area.I feel there should be some warnings attached, though. As the game tells you in its opening screen, there are themes of homophobia and transphobia, a bigoted family, and a mention of suicide. It's certainly a bittersweet game that doesn't sugarcoat the sometimes harsh realities of being LGBTQ+. For anyone who (like me) goes into this game worried it's going to be another instance of 'bury your gays', here's a (vague) spoiler:nobody dies, no one is abused or kicked out, and the owner of the phone ends up happier than they were. And we, the player, arguably help them."
,Recommended,523210,31298953,Posted: 22 April,all,Rock Candies,"I went into this game expecting a missing persons or a murder mystery game. What I got was a gameabout gender dysphoria, and the personal conflics that come with it.I never expected a game like this to be so human.Gameplay wise, its alright. I love that if you want to change the music of the game, you go into the music app to do it. Being creative with the theme is always welcoming. The puzzles are fun at first, but it's the same kind of puzzle for two hours, finding clues for passwords. The story unfolds but if you have a short attention span, then playing a game about reading emails and texts is not for you anyways."
,Recommended,523210,32925875,Posted: 28 June,all,Fauxy,"For the low price you pay for it,A Normal Lost Phoneis a fine experience, a puzzler visual novel archive alaHer StoryorAnalogue: A Hate Story.Hits all the right notes, well polished, great visuals and soundtrack. My one gripe is that it suffers from what a lot of similar games suffer, which is that it is perfect because there's not much to it. The story is very simple and if you know in advance that it deals with queer issues of some sort (which is one of the big appeals to the game), you are capable of guessing most of what happens within the first ten minutes of so of reading through texts.But I mean, plot's not everything. A game like this despite its sometimes depressingly mature themes really evokes a lot of cozy feelings in me just through style and presentation. The characters are pretty likeable, despite you never actually meeting any of them. The game goes through great pains to bear some semblance of realism with its spam emails and its one annoying person spamming on all the messenger boards because they lost their password. So I like it, and I think that what it presents is enough, that it's worth its price. Yes, there are better similar games on steam, but that doesn't invalidate this one, which has its own mindset and probably its own intended audience.I've played worse visual novels. Worse gay games. Worse ""archive"" style games. This one is good. Good enough to recommend at least trying."
,Recommended,523210,35141773,Posted: 22 September,all,flikkey,"I had a little cry at the end.IRL, I like reading the message, photos and artefacts that people leave from their lives, so I really enjoyed uncovering this story. I was a MSN messenger girl back in the day lol. I know, what a granny right? Since it's written from first-person perspective, I found the story to be quite a personal journey.Recommended especially for youthy type people who like rereading messenger chats."
,Recommended,523210,30518295,Posted: 14 March,all,sharknado,"A Normal Lost Phone is a quick game that tells its story through exploration. The game deals with a difficult subject matter in a way that's realistic, but not overly dramatic and is a great game, especially for just a few dollars."
,Recommended,523210,29572473,Posted: 29 January,all,TraskNari,"A beautifully handled story that is internally consistent, well-delivered, and well-paced. The way that information is doled out is controlled amazingly, the enviroment of the phone is used well, and the subject matter is handled with all the care it deserves. This feels like a spiritual successor to Gone Home, and I welcome it."
,Not Recommended,523210,35142195,Posted: 22 September,all,Exciting Jeff,"I'll admit that I'm more generous than I might otherwise be toward media when they explore the experiences of marginalized groups. That impulse makes me want to recommend this game, which is essentially a primer on gender and sexuality. There's so much room for games to explore and reveal that space!But this isn't that game. This really is just a primer. It's not emotionally resonant, and the writing is workmanlike at best.I don't know who this game is for. It's certainly not for genderqueer people, who can find lots of safe online spaces to hold actual conversations, rather than infodump faux forum posts. And it's not for homophobes, because there's nothing compelling enough to make someone reconsider their assumptions once it becomes clear what's going on. I guess it could be worthwhile for an ignorant potential ally, as none of the information is bad or misguided. But it feels like an edugame, and in the absence of relationships with gender nonconforming people, I'd point these people to books, or real forums, or... I don't know... maybe tumblr? OK, probably not tumblr. But there are a ton of resources out there for the curious.And one day, if people really need to learn about this stuff from video games, I'll be able to point them to one that has more going on under the hood, that is emotionally powerful and not just didactic. I can't wait until I can do that. I'm just sorry I can't point them to this particular game."
,Not Recommended,523210,33133270,Posted: 2 July,all,TailGundham,"I was expecting something more interesting and less predictiable. It is a really hit or miss type of game, If it fails to reach you than you will not be enjoying it and since I've played some alternatives that I'd say do it better, it failed to do so.Some spoilers:The game is about a trans woman.I thought it was presented quite dull. They didn't use the medium to it's fullest. There are better examples of these sorts of video games like Her Story and Gone Home. It is obviously cheaper than them but the others really archive it better what this game seems to be aiming for.It is unque and cool but the magic wears of really quick. Considering the game is also short that is a big problem. I'd say you should pass it."
,Not Recommended,523210,32723268,Posted: 24 June,all,Chromeo,"If we compare this game to Replica, which I also just played, it's clear to see how it's lacking. This game is essentially one linear text-based story, which is pretty obvious once you get into it and not particularly interesting. I mean sure, LGBT kid not accepted by their parents has to find a new life for themselves, it's pretty much the prototypical LGBT plot, whether it's books, games, movies or whatever, but you need to add something onto that for the audience to make it interesting, because we've all seen this plot before. In this context, that could have been an element of moral choice, like Replica has.Spoilers (for this game):For example, when you pick up the phone you recieve some messages from Sam's father asking where they are. Clearly, Sam doesn't intend to tell them where they've gone, which I guess will leave the parents forever wondering if Sam got hit by a car or whatever. Clearly, the game thinks the right thing to do is to reset the phone and erase the traces, but hold on a second, it's the player supposed to be the one in control? Wouldn't it be better if there was an option to tell the parents what happened to Sam, or tell them where she is? This can even be the bad ending if you want, and the game can tell me why what I did was wrong, but the point is to have a choice. Even Life is Strange had a choice at the end and it was essentially linear. Hell, you could include other things too, like you could choose to give Phil_Free Sam's new contact details, since the game lets you send a photo to him, and they seemed to be getting along well. Maybe you could contact Sam's cousin (uncle? I forget already) Erik for some help and see if they could take her in? How about that music producer who was employing Sam? She'll be broke now in Covonia. I mean this isn't me being that creative because I've just thought about it for 5 minutes, but the point is this is supposed to be interactive fiction, if I was reading a book, I would find one that was more titilating than this one. Most of the conversations in the SMS tab are dull and repetitive (why so many people wishing you happy birthday that don't contribute anything to the story?) and don't add anything, this project needed a more judicious editor. Not to mention that when we get to the Transgender forum it turns into a straight up lecture, I mean come on! It's okay to include the social message about trans rights but at least integrate it a little better into the story.This game wasn't totally without merit obviously, and it looks nice, but I just feel like it jumped on the 'lost phone' bandwagon without really understanding what the point in the concept was. Overall I just feel like I wasted an hour basically, other than the easy achievements.In addition, the puzzles about the passcodes were very opaque, the one about Sam's birthday is obvious and all but accessing Sam_thing_else's profile was confusing because how are you supposed to know the significance of the not-book festival before accessing the trans forum? I just had to look that up because I didn't want to try entering every date in the calendar."
,Recommended,523210,29561073,Posted: 29 January,all,A Pretty Swood Dude,"Great game, beautiful ending, runs about 1-2 hours, it's $3, what have you got to lose...Besides $3"
,Recommended,523210,31934887,Posted: 24 May,all,Miss_Fangirly,"Game Title: A Normal Lost PhoneAchievement Progress (at the time of post): Completed(My reviews assume you have read about the content of the game in terms of gameplay. I am simply reviewing each individual aspect based on my opinion. This allows for my reviews to be spoiler-free. You may find I rate by different categories in each of my reviews. This is because every type of game is different, and will not have the same content. I think it is pointless to leave a category blank or write 'unrelated', or something similar.)Game Content:Type of Game:Interactive Visual Novel Mystery Game Thingy… Yeah, I have no idea what to call this, it’s a little too interactive for a visual novel, but not enough gameplay to call it a fully fledged game. Basically this game is something different in my opinion, I haven’t played anything like it, although I know there are somewhat similar concepts out there.Music:** - To be honest I don’t remember there being much music, but I’m not sure this game really needs it. So a two will suffice.Storyline:***.5 (I wish I had a half star XD) – I believe the story is done well, although I will acknowledge some people think that the mysteries were ‘too easy to figure out’ but personally I had a fun time learning aboutSamand their relationships with others, so I give the story a three and a half.Difficulty:*** - It was around the right difficulty for a game of its type, and finding passwords and such not being too easy or too difficult. The right level to which I can call it a ‘casual’ game.Character Development:*** - You are gradually led to discoverSam’ssecrets, in which we learn much about them. But what do you expect? I thought that they were a somewhat complex character, and that their relationships matched what I would expect, but I also feel like some people might expect more from the story.Gameplay and Controls:** - It’s point and click, as you might expect.Conclusion:Marks Overall (judged by the mode of the numbers):*** - 6/10 (although it hasn’t really stuck with me like some other 6/10’s)Who Should Play This Game?:Honestly, I have no idea. Maybe visual novel enthusiasts might enjoy it, also people that are involved with the LGBTQ+ community or people struggling with that at the moment. And people looking for something different or just general casual gamers.Thank you for reading! If you have any suggestions about removing/adding/changing anything in my reviews, please let me know.Peace out mein liebes XD-Kaz D"
,Recommended,523210,34976488,Posted: 15 September,all,Strawberrymilkshakes,"I think the storyline is very sad, realistic and I guess in the end uplifting sorta. I highly recommend this to anyone who isn't close-minded because the plot isn't for... well, you'll find out :)All in all I loved it and I'm glad I bought it."
,Recommended,523210,34549052,Posted: 28 August,all,Gedankenmel,"A Normal Lost Phone may not be the longest or most mechanically dense game out there, but I enjoyed every moment I spent with it. It's writing and story are so well presented that your phone snooping feels incredibly real and personal (and bad i guess). You are not a character - you are yourself. All the decisions and story actions that you'll witness have already been made by someone else, somebody that you will never see or hear from - but that you will get to know (better than the characters family and friends.)"
,Recommended,523210,33255353,Posted: 4 July,all,[nBn] Kat,"A short but sweet game that tells the story of its protagonist through their abandoned phone. It's a fairly linear story and the puzzles aren't too hard to work out (although it being 2am, I did have to seek help at one point, lmao). The story itself is very bittersweet, but I think the developers did a wonderful job of telling it through the medium--the conversations accessible through the various apps.The artwork is gorgeous and the soundtrack is absolutely wonderful!This game isn't for everyone, and it lacks replayability, but it is an LGBT+ game with just enough amateur sleuthing that it'll keep its target audience entertained. It's reasonably priced for what it is."
76561198354581490,Recommended,523210,32445672,Posted: 15 June,all,Jasleisure,"A beautiful game, the story led in a direction I never expected but absloutely adored.The ending that Sam obtained through her struggle was amazing, and being led through her journey of becoming herself was a joy"
,Not Recommended,523210,33085086,Posted: 1 July,all,KTeam1,"This was one of the most boringgamese-books I've read recently. It's not even a game, the most game-like thing you do is figure out passwords by looking for hints in text messages / emails. And they are usually OBVIOUS like...""Happy Birthday... Today is your birthday. You always use dates as your passwords don't you. With the month first!!""I'm fairly sure that the reason this game has positive reviews is a push from the LGBT community. And it does have a positive message for kids struggling to come out or accept themselves.But it is not a fun or even interesting game. Period. Full stop."
76561198070743840,Recommended,523210,34141746,Posted: 10 August,all,The Savior Of Music,"I almost never write reviews. Like, ever. The only one I've writen thus far was so I could get the steam badge saying I did. This 'game' was fantastic. It was more of an interactive story than a game and it was an experience I don't think I'll soon forget. It brings to light a unique storytelling perspective that does not give you the story all at once. It gives you all the peices story from the beginning. It's not immediately obvious which are the peices you need, however. By making you work to find out the full story, it creates a sense of imersion that could only be made more real if photos were used in place of the artwork. (That is not to say that the artwork was bad, it was beautiful. I loved the art style of everything that took place.) The story had me enthralled the entire time and kept me searching for answers the way a good story should. I couldn't stop playing until I solved the mystery. And I didn't (stop). Would love to see more from this developer, or even to talk to them because they shed some light on something that I've had questions about but never really been given a complete answer on. Plus would love to find out the inspiration for creating this.TL;DRIt's a great story but you've gotta work for it. Do it. Also it's pretty."
76561198254526091,Recommended,523210,31054597,Posted: 9 April,all,ALICE,"Is it worth buying?If you think you can afford spending an hour doing a lot of reading and you enjoy exploring the story of a stranger this is worth buying. (Besides it's not too pricy anyways)And what I think of after playing (SPOILER ALERT) :I think it is a great game for people with an open attitude towards LGBT group, or people who are in the same situation as Sam in real life.Nothing serious as saving the world or stopping a crime (which was what I thought of when I started playing), but a rather simple story that might just happen to people around us.I really enjoy the moment when I clicked on ""delete all contents"" with a smile. :)"
,Recommended,523210,32887728,Posted: 27 June,all,Tentacle Grandma,"I had this game on my wishlist for a while now and got it recommended when I finished Orwell.So I decided to get it on sale!I didnt know really anything about the game and expected something like: ""Oh its about a teen drug dealer and he gets in trouble, resulting in getting kidnapped!""But no, this game is way more refreshing than I thought! It features topics that are quite the 'taboo' nowadays in the society, showing how much struggle it is to go through them when there is nobody that supports you.It was truly a nice story and experience!"
,Recommended,523210,35195736,Posted: 24 September,all,MaahHeim,"What a lovely game.It felt just like I was snooping through somebody's phone - It made me a little uncomfortable at times, even. The whole story is totally worth it, though. It's extremely educational, and it holds a powerful messenger for the player.The game surprised me more than once, and it all felt pretty clever. The mechanics are simple and the puzzles are well-made. All that reading made me a little tired (and I would've stopped to rest for a while), but the game made me so interested in Sam's life that I just couldn't. I think that proves how interesting it was."
,Recommended,523210,30859555,Posted: 31 March,all,NyappiCat,"Short but lovely game! I really like how the puzzles in the game are so closely integrated with the plot, since you're looking through the phone trying to unlock different accounts and so on. The music and the art style match the ambience very nicely as well.The story is sad, but I think it's interesting that the game designers chose to reflect the experience of abandoned LGBT youth, because it's a situation very few people will understand unless they've been in it themselves. Hence, the plot is really refreshing and eye opening.Love it!"
,Recommended,523210,31984682,Posted: 26 May,all,jjnet123,"Honestly a very good game with brilliant storytelling, yes its short but theres alot to discover and best of all it shows representation of LGBT people and the struggles that they go through. We need more games like this!"
76561198037703423,Not Recommended,523210,34277154,Posted: 16 August,all,Plumsweet,"So I want to start off with saying I appreciate what the game was trying to do. The goal is to form a personal connection with Sam as you discover the truth, something that some can relate to while others can learn from another perspective. However, they do this in such a clunky way I think the message gets loss in a sea of one part ""trying WAY too hard"" and one part ""Way too idealistic.""Cool concept, art is okay (Some of the people aren't drawn super well but it's not terrible), music got dull kinda quickly for me, but I mostly just wish if they were going to go with this type of topic that they handled it in a different way. A difficult subject should be difficult to navigate through and I know some people were kind of offended by certain aspects of it (Such as the ability to send the wrong photo to Phil. I'll keep it vague to avoid full spoilers here but those who played it already will know what I mean. You either need to give players the option to go 100% terrible wih their actions (Such as an ability to interact with Sam's family after discoveries are made) Or keep it linear with only one correct answer to the puzzles (and thus, no ability to send the wrong one).I think the happy ending for Sam was  the worst part of it for me and is what i mean when I say it's too idealistic. Yeah in a perfect world someone like Sam would be able to just head out and leave their phone behind but in the real world I really don't think things would turn out so happy for Sam.If you took Emily is Away (especially the sequel's length) and combined that with this game, I think it would've been a little more successful, with a ""good"" ending and a ""bad"" ending to add a little level of realism and make it feel more like we had a litle control in Sam's life (Since we kinda already do since you can finish a couple drafts he left unfinished).Ultimately not being able to interact with any of his contacts was a bumer for me. What's the first thing anyone would o with a lost phone? Try to contact someone in the contacts and be all ""I got your phone, yo.""It's just missing too much for me to want to reccommend it. It's cheap, so try it out, but you aren't missing much by not playing it."
,Recommended,523210,33074913,Posted: 1 July,all,Qoggish,"This is a cute puzzle game that took me just under an hour to complete with all the achievements. It allowed a brief insight into the life of Sam, a conflicted teenager, and had some fun brainteasers that encouraged the player to use all the tools available to get to the end.It doesn't take long, but the story is touching and it's a well made game. I encountered no bugs and I liked the music as well."
,Recommended,523210,29632462,Posted: 1 February,all,Iv,"i wasn't expecting much - i just bought it on a whim. and it made me cry. i'm not sure what else to say - this is simply a great experience, something i relate to on a deep, personal level."
,Recommended,523210,31779978,Posted: 15 May,all,LadyCzerach,"Personally, I really enjoyed this game. It's short, but you get what you pay for.The narrative is about LGBT issues, which you can't tell from the trailer.  I can understand why some people are surprised by the content, but I did not feel as if an agenda was being pushed or anyone was soapboxing at all.  It really felt as if I was reading someone's texts and emails.  The story was realistic and, while the puzzles were pretty simple, they were still fun to figure out.I see that people are comparing it to Her Story.  I guess the genre might be the same, but the two games were very different.  ANLP was much more interactive and showed different sides of the situation.The music on the phone was great.  I wish I had bought the Soundtrack Edition.My only complaint was that you pretty much knew what was going to happen at the end immediately.  I kept expecting some sort of twist, but everything was fairly predictable.I look forward to seeing what other games come from this developer."
,Recommended,523210,29523485,Posted: 27 January,all,NamtanZucker,Too short for me but nice story. The puzzle isn't hard to solve but isn't too easy neither.I would suggest it to my friend <3 Hope the developer create more roots or more branch of ending.
76561198040912287,Recommended,523210,34055835,Posted: 6 August,all,Daicia,"This was a very brief game, but an interesting story. I'd say more, but that would give it away.A minor spoiler for those who don't want to rely on game guides:the passowrds are dates and zip codes."
,Recommended,523210,33988411,Posted: 3 August,all,SHSL Cam Stan,"What a lovely game. It wasn't at all what I expected it to be, in a very good way. It's got so much heart and such a nice design. I hope to see more from these creators."
,Recommended,523210,34393793,Posted: 21 August,all,Glaciess,"It's a cheap, short, but ultimately touching and sweet game that really establishes empathy with a suffering person. (Don't want to spoil it) I can wholeheartedly say this game is worth it."
,Recommended,523210,35195279,Posted: 24 September,all,Krombopulos Michael,Brilliant narrative. Really clever and cute little game.
,Recommended,523210,35141844,Posted: 22 September,all,nanafkubatman,"i really enjoyed this. would have liked it more if there was a beginning and ending sequence showing you walking up and finding the phone and then either throwing it out or pocketing it, but i saw this that is also an app you can play on your phone so that makes sense.pros:fair pricenice storygood musicgood artcons:well, it's short and simplistic so if those aren't your things, this isn't for you.it isn't as rewarding as i would prefer. maybe if they added one last picture at the end(included in the email she sends to alice)of her safe with a friend?"
76561198031903307,Recommended,523210,35167208,Posted: 23 September,all,Pha cops,"Short but lovely. Not a story line that evokes an epiphany, but provides a sense of acceptance so lacking right now in the world."
,Recommended,523210,31621445,Posted: 8 May,all,Honey and Venom,"I seem incapable of resisting the urge to buy a $60 AAA title every few months, but all the games I've really loved lately have cost less than lunch.  This is a perfect example.I picked this game up because I'm a bit of a voyeur, and the idea of a story told by intruding on somebody's lost phone sounded intriguing (and significantly more ethical than really trying it.) What I found was a cuirious, engaging narrative, told by a clever device that hints early on that something isn't right, and that something gradually flowers into a human, compelling narrative. A real delight."
,Recommended,523210,31413220,Posted: 28 April,all,"Three Eggs, Over Easy","I loved the story, I loved the dynamic characters, I loved the perspective of someone looking in on someone else's life. I loved this game, it was marvelous. Highly recommend.Also, looked up all the passwords online, because I couldn't figure them out for crap."
76561198146015777,Recommended,523210,31726071,Posted: 13 May,all,arfarfman21,"I am a person who enjoys a good mystery. I enjoyed this game immensly for it's unique concept and interesting way of developing. It had a story to tell and it told it. I caught me off guard for a cheep game I bought with left over steam wallet money.If nothing else, the music is absolutly phenominal.My only real complaint is the length of the game. Even though it's cheap, a sharp mind can finish it within a hour and a half, and the game doesn't really offer much in replayability. Still a fun and interesting game that provides some food for thought."
,Recommended,523210,32992667,Posted: 29 June,all,TheLastVanguard,A short and (bitter)sweet experience with a great soundtrack.I bought it in the sale but it's well worth the full price to supportthe developer and the message of the game.
,Recommended,523210,30796087,Posted: 28 March,all,Quinnel,"No spoilers here but I just kinda knew where this game was heading before I even started playing.Quick to play through, but it doesn't cost a lot of money and has a nice little storyline."
,Recommended,523210,30481361,Posted: 12 March,all,aidacelic,That was a great little game! I was so happy as I read more and more of the story. Amazing to know games with themes like this are getting out there
,Recommended,523210,29612456,Posted: 31 January,all,gregularity,"(no spoilers):Don't read any more reviews, as it's not worth spoiling yourself. Just buy this game now - it's cheap, it's short, it's incredible. I bought it as I love games wtth phone/PC interfaces (e.g. Replica, Emily Is Away) and it's by far the best of this type I've played.I normally write much longer reviews with headings and the whole shebang, but this is one game that doesn't need it, because there aren't really any minuses (except maybe the cursor, which is a horrible black blob). The music, in particular, is incredible - this plus the story very much reminds me of Life Is Strange or Gone Home.If you like story-driven games and don't mind a lot of text, buy it."
,Recommended,523210,29542159,Posted: 28 January,all,[TV] TacticianJade,"Wow what can I say? This game took me on an emotional journey. I even cried at the end.Avoiding spoilers - Let's just say the story hit real close to home for me.I think this was possibly the best way to tell a story like this. In terms of gameplay there's little more than clicking, reading and piecing things together but I had an absolute blast working through the clues and when the big reveal happened my mind was blown. Best £2 I ever spentI highly recommend this to anyone that enjoys unravelling a mystery through piecing together clues bit by bit and seriously well done to the developers for making a game that tackles these particular issues.I hope to see more of this quality in the future!"
,Recommended,523210,31800988,Posted: 17 May,all,Allegra's First Mate,"Solid, pleasant interactive story. Nice breath of fresh air for something LGBT+ positive."
,Recommended,523210,32983260,Posted: 29 June,all,xhxixdxdxexnx,"Bought this game specifically because of the cishets leaving ""I am feel uncomfortable when we are not about me?"" negative reviews and was not disappointed.A Normal Lost Phone is relatable and genuine. While I did find the overall story to be predictable, that didn't detract from the enjoyment."
,Recommended,523210,33228772,Posted: 4 July,all,Psyringe,"A believable and well-meaning slice-of-life piece, but sadly a bit blandIn ""A normal lost phone"", you snoop around in a smartphone that you found. You read through the previous owner's chat logs, email, and forum accounts, and step by step uncover a touching and (at times) dramatic story.Since the story is told via chat, email, or forum post exchange with many different people, the game can present many different perspectives. This approach also gave the developers the opportunity to include some background information which might actually be valuable for real people in a similar situation as the (fictitious) phone owner.While the story is realistic, believable, and touches important topics, it unfortunately was not as engaging for me as it could have been. There are several reasons for that:1. Snooping around in another person's private life, especially when this person is clearly going through a difficult time, is a pretty crappy thing to do - but the game simply assumes that I would. I would have appreciated if it had given me any justification for such an act. Since it does not, I felt fairly uncomfortable while playing, and this probably kept me from establishing any actual emotional bonds to the characters. After I discovered the address of the previous owner (which happens quite early), I felt that what I was doing was clearly wrong, and not something that a decent person would or should do - yet, the only way to progress in the game was to keep doing it.2. The conversations and texts in the game feel very realistic, but unfortunately that also makes them rather bland. As with a real found phone, most of the messages aren't actually worth reading, they are matter-of-factly conversations about things like ""I missed class, what did the teacher talk about?"". From the perspective of a player who wants to experience interesting dialogue, I found the writing disappointingly dull, though I recognize that the writers went for realism over style, which I can understand. Nevertheless, there _are_ games that manage to provide both, ""A Normal Lost Phone"" unfortunately just isn't one of them. The story itself also feels very ""typical"", and many of the characters lack nuance. It's a story that I've seen or heard many times by now, and I couldn't find any new elements in it that would have made it feel fresh, but again - the developer's goal clearly _was_ to tell an everyday story without embellishments.3. The story progresses in a linear fashion. While you can freely explore the apps on the phone, the way how further information is unlocked is completely on rails. Since I also did not have any meaningful choices to make, playing the game was much less engaging for me than it could have been.The game includes a few puzzles to solve, mainly these consist of guessing a password based on background information provided. It is fairly easy to find the respective information, though it can be difficult to find the ""correct"" way how to derive the exact passcode from this information.Regardless of all this criticism, though, the fact remains that this game deals with an important, delicate topic in a very responsible, thoughtful, mature, and even potentially helpful way. And it tells a story which, despite the issues I listed above, I definitely can't rate as ""bad"" either.It is very hard for me to rate this game. In fact I would have appreciated an option to post this review without a rating. I think the story may have a strong positive impact on players in a similar situation as the phone owner, or players who don't know much about the topic, but are open-minded enough to explore the associated feelings and educate themselves on the background information that the game provides. Hence the game gets my recommendation, even though it was more of a ""meh"" experience for me personally.I believe that the complete lack of a justification for the snooping-around required me to distance myself from the game in order to play it, and that distance worked against the emotional bond that the game probably wants to create. But I have a feeling that my reaction in this regard may be unusually strong, and other players may not feel as strongly about invading the privacy of a fictional person, so I did not let this influence my rating."
76561198194459855,Recommended,523210,30233632,Posted: 27 February,all,PhibesX,"Nicely presented game, with a good story. Wish it was a bit longer."
,Recommended,523210,33201137,Posted: 3 July,all,Trashvegas #sin,"9/10LGBT+A bit too short imo but great story!The mechanics are simple, the music fits, it's a very round game.It was informative, fun and easy to go through.Also: Easy 100% Achievement Game - for those who are on a hunt."
,Recommended,523210,29524588,Posted: 27 January,all,Egsosither,"Why get this game?-Nice story that tackles an important subject (LGBTQ+) in a good way.-Good music. Not what I usually listen to, but it grew on me fast and it fits the mood well.-Intriguig puzzle solving. Get ready to read.-Great art style and interface design. Would love to have a phone based on that look.-Cheap. A little short (1-3h), but good value in my opinion.P.S: Want an even more authentic feel? It's on iOS/Android as well!"
76561198048521710,Not Recommended,523210,30312588,Posted: 4 March,all,superbatman,"When I bought this game I thought the premise was interesting, but ultimately it turned out to be very boring. It felt like I was just randomly clicking around on various icons and attempting to guess passwords. I did finish the game, but only with the help of the online forum, otherwise I probably would have given up trying to guess the various passwords to unlock certain sections of the phone. The story itself was not very engaging to me and I didn't ever feel much empathy with Sam.The most disappointing thing for me was that once you do finally unravel the whole story, the ending is very anti-climatic."
76561198056990802,Recommended,523210,32752948,Posted: 24 June,all,One Trick Pony,A very emotional Game with good Storytelling.
,Recommended,523210,33003058,Posted: 29 June,all,Nona,"This game made me cry (in a good way). The mechanics for uncovering the truth are very intuitive, and there are some hints scattered throughout the narrative in case you get stuck. I got immersed in the story so quickly, probably because I've experienced some of the same things as our main character. Great game, 10/10, perfect length for the experience. At 3 dollars (2 during the summer sale!) it's a steal, and quite frankly worth more."
,Recommended,523210,33244966,Posted: 4 July,all,dekita-jane,"Great story! Music was a bit too loud even when it's turned almost all the way down.Overall, the execution of the topics was brilliantly handled. I can even imagine the game being used as a resource for those in a similar situation."
76561197994894216,Recommended,523210,33240733,Posted: 4 July,all,Banana Stand,A nice short game. The gameplay is interesting and told a interesting story. Only issue I had with the game is the sound volume of the music and notification. I'd rather not need to turn since keeping it on helps with the immersion.
76561198318087731,Recommended,523210,33166119,Posted: 2 July,all,mrankin1023,"What a wonderful game!  A bit striaghtforward, yes, but for that price, I definitely can't complain.   I thought it was definitely worth the couple of dollars to play it."
76561198141661281,Recommended,523210,33176502,Posted: 3 July,all,N o i s E,We seriously need more games like this.
,Recommended,523210,33079011,Posted: 1 July,all,Zee,"What I expected was a slice-of-life story involving a phone that didn't bash you over the head with Orwellian themes.  That's exactly what I got.  What I wasn't expecting was a story that hit rather close to home for me.  This is a masterfully crafted story that's easily worth the price point even without currently being on sale.  It's true that it's short, but it's as long as it needs to be, really.  My time is padded slightly due to the fact I kept copious notes to keep track of the timeline, but it's still a solid hour and a half, give or take depending on various factors."
,Recommended,523210,33095154,Posted: 1 July,all,GhostleroY,"Its a solid, clever game. I like the game play, but it gets a bit long winded. I ended up solving 80% and looking up the last 20% to get the acheivements and to finish up the story. There was a lot of reading. The music was really good for the most part. My only compiant was it crashed twice."
,Recommended,523210,33157871,Posted: 2 July,all,Cthuluhoop,"I went into this game completely blind. All I knew was there was a lost phone and the opportunity to learn about the person by the information on there.I really enjoyed the gameplay and the story. It was fun and interesting. My only major complaint is that if you read through all of the posts in a certain part of the game (vague to prevent spoilers), it gets a little overly preachy.All in all, I'd recommend this for a quick game. The price is about right for what you are getting."
76561198392465442,Recommended,523210,33162573,Posted: 2 July,all,lily0397,"For a game that's £2 (I got it for £1.33 in the sale though), it's pretty good. The mechanics of the game being presented as a phone is smart, and I haven't heard of many other games that do similar things. The music and general sound design is nice as well, and totally fits as music that you can just have on in the background while learning about the main character, Sam. The art style and colouring of the game and the art is beautiful as well, and so easy on the eyes, I almost want the whole world to look like this game.While I played it in just over an hour, I imagine if you took time to read through everything carefully it would maybe take an hour and half, maybe two, so based on the logic of an hour of gameplay for every pound (I think that's a thing people do?), it's pretty good value, even if it is short and not at all complicated.Speaking of complicated, the 'puzzles' are fairly easy as if you read carefully enough, they basically tell you what the answer is, except for one that might trip you up a little if you're like me and didn't get it.Without trying to spoil it, the overall message of the game is awesome, and really well written, and as gathered from the credits, they obviously got information and stories from people to help make it seem more authentic. I actually got attached to Sam and their story as well! The little hints or 'easter eggs' as you play through it are nice too, giving you little clues as to what the ending might be, and then you start to realize what they all meant and how they all fit into the story.TL;DR - Cute game with nice music, story, mechanics, and easy enough puzzles to not get annoying. Only thing I would say is disappointing is how long it is but then again I didn't expect much from a game less than £2. I'd recommend it if you wanted to kill some time and wanted a nice story to interact with.Edit - I also just realized that Sam's username on one of the apps is 'Sam-thing' as in 'something', and his other username is 'sam-thing-else', as in something else. That's smart, I like that a lot!"
76561197965586252,Recommended,523210,32689727,Posted: 23 June,all,Octobastard,"What a quick, lovely puzzle game."
,Recommended,523210,32752026,Posted: 24 June,all,Yoosung ★,Qué experiencia y juego tan increíble! Justo llegó en el momento preciso de mi vida para recomendárselo a una pareja de amigos que está pasando por lo mismo. 100% recomendable.
,Recommended,523210,29516917,Posted: 27 January,all,Nyreen,"A Normal Lost Phone is easily one of the most enjoyable indie games that I have played so far this year. I spent a little over an hour getting to know the previous owner of the phone, named Sam, and learning about the life that Sam had and a peak at what it will become. A lot of moments really resonated with me, and the game overall left a postive impression. The only complaint I can see some having is the length. I personally felt satisfied with what I paid for this game and I reccommend it for anyone looking for something casual, touching and memorable to play."
76561198024505662,Recommended,523210,29521584,Posted: 27 January,all,Finn Kaenbyou,"It's short, it's simple, and the themes are as relevant now as they've ever been. Soundtrack's really great as well!"
,Recommended,523210,32718742,Posted: 24 June,all,Damien the Dear,"As promissed, a normal phone from a normal person. Well worth it."
,Recommended,523210,29942123,Posted: 15 February,all,amaicherii,"Beautiful game. I certainly was not expecting Sam's story to be so deep, it was a pleasant surprise!! I couldn't stop playing until I knew what the heck had happened and wasn't disappointed in the least. The art is really cute and the music was great, it made me feel like I was getting to know Sam.It's kind of amazing when you think about it: every single person has their own story in their phone. I wonder what I would do if I found one? Would I try to know who they are? Well, this game at least gives you a chance to be a detective for a little while ;)I'd say it's short and sweet but the story isn't that sweet, really. The one who's sweet is Sam, who will leave a smile on your face when you finish the story :)"
,Recommended,523210,33208784,Posted: 3 July,all,Tenshinen,"A very nice, albeit short, game about a person named Sam figuring out who they really are. I won't say much more, as the game is quite story-driven. It also has some small treasure hunt puzzles, though they're quite easy at times. The main gameplay mostly consists of you reading through texts, emails, profiles, etc to learn more about Sam. The game also has a great soundtrack you can either buy on Steam or can get on Bandcamp for any price you choose.Overall, I think it's definitely worth it on sale for about £1-£1.50."
76561198051444450,Recommended,523210,32382549,Posted: 13 June,all,TheSodPooper,"So I didn't know anything about this game before buying it, I just thought that it would be another phone esc, style augmented reality game like Sara Is Missing or Replica. And it was, but it told an entirely different story. And what I mean by a different story is that Sara Is Missing and Replica both had very deep storys to them and both touched on very dark themes. One being based off a secret cult and another based on Government types and terrorism. Now both of those games have very deep storys. Especially Replica, I would go back to because of how deeper the story gets, making do multiple plays to get the full experience. This game, does all of that in one sitting, which I like. And the story of this game, I acutally didn't know what the story of this game was untillI got to the end where I find Sams' diaryThe fact that Sam was actually atransgenderblew my mind.This game really touches on the LGBT community and its one of the first I've seen. As for gameplay, it's short but telling a really good story in that amount of time, the music they picked is very nice and calming and the graphics are pixel based which is always a plus in my book.If you're a person who supports the LGBT community or considers themselves a gender other than male or female, or just likes these types of games in general (like me). I would highly recommened this game."
,Recommended,523210,34402275,Posted: 21 August,all,SteveJones313,"ANLP is a short and bittersweet game, exploring the mystery of a person's struggle with his friends and family. Some puzzles require a little leap in logic, others are fairly straightforward and others require a reverse-perspective. Ultimately a great story told in a fun way."
76561198092358974,Recommended,523210,32977896,Posted: 29 June,all,eroticnarwhal,"This isn't a difficult game, and the only problem-solving you really need to do is connect important dates as passwords. But this isn't a normal game. The method of storytelling in A Normal Lost Phone feels very fresh, yet I got a real feel for the main characters: such as Sam and Alice. Getting to know Sam is a pleasure, and I didn't stop playing until I reached the ending!I'd recommend playing if you're knowledgable about LGBTQ culture and terminology as it deals with LGBTQ themes (I won't spoil anything), but that's not a necessity! As the story progresses you're introduced to more concepts that you may not have known prior to playing. You may learn something new :)Overall this is a cute little game featuring unique gameplay and an engaging mystery.It took me only 99 minutes to complete this game in its entirety (and that was after going through EVERYTHING) so because of its length you may want to buy it on sale, but it's already pretty cheap :D"
,Recommended,523210,33031509,Posted: 30 June,all,Null-Cipher,"An interesting take on the interactive fiction genre. The game starts quite strong, but falters toward the end as it drops the pretense of discovering the history of the owner and becomes more like a manual.I would suggest picking it up if it is on sale, as the game can be completed in a couple of hours (depending on how long it takes you to guess the obtuse passwords for everything)."
,Recommended,523210,35147840,Posted: 23 September,all,naughtobot,"This was an unexpectedly lovely story.  I don't know how much it qualifies as a game except in that it's via a gaming platform, but I found it really engaging.  This was so not what I thought it would be, and surprised me a few times in warm compassionate ways.  The writers did a great job with the subject matter and build enough layers into it that the pace of a slow reveal kept me glued to the ""phone"" until I'd pulled out every last secret.Now I'm curious if they've made anything else"
76561198073518812,Recommended,523210,35249319,Posted: 27 September,all,lazee_dragon,"this was a very thought provoking game.the art was very nice.the music was very zen and well done.the achievements were nice to have but did not buy it for them.the hours are not true i forgot to close it out last night and it was on all night.i really loved the ""game""!i don't know if this helps anyone to decide to buy this game...after all reviews are only 1 person's perspective.so i tried to keep this pretty short. it is worth while to play."
,Recommended,523210,35247777,Posted: 27 September,all,Nokia 3210,"Help! I know this has nothing to do with the thread but... I'm Heddiboss17, but I forgot the password to my account so I've had to make a new one. But my Heddiboss17 account had access to the VIP section of the forum, so I'd really really reaally like to recover my password! I've already got it wrong twice, I don't want the account to be deleted!"
,Recommended,523210,35123673,Posted: 22 September,all,deianskaya,"This game has lovely art and super cool music. The ending made the whole game worth the hour I spent clicking and scrolling, it just gave me this sense of hope? I recomend it but, really, only because of the price. As much as I enjoyed it if it was cost any more than it does I wouldn't have bought it and I wouldn't be able to recomend it honestly."
,Recommended,523210,34909292,Posted: 12 September,all,Astarlia,"This game was surpringly good, but the pc controls sucked.  go and buy it on your mobile instead."
,Recommended,523210,34769485,Posted: 5 September,all,FlamingoTanya,A fun and short game. I liked the puzzles and all the attention to the details. Story was alright. I would have loved something a little more intense. I had a great time !
,Not Recommended,523210,35428463,Posted: 2 October,all,Jiggles,"TL;DRI didn’t care for the game as much as others do. It’s short, simple, and easy to follow/understand, however you don’t really get involved with it as much as you do with other games.INTROIn all honesty, I didn’t care much for this game. The design was simple, the playthrough was easy to follow and quite dull, and the only real reason I think someone would get this game (aside from the fact it has a LGBT+ theme/coming out story) would be because the achievements are stupidly easy to get. By all means, it has some good points with it, like the fact the art is actually neat to look at and apparently the music sounds good (of which I didn’t listen to until I saw others doing so in the Community screenshots). The idea behind it is neat, however there are cons to these pros that I feel outweigh them in design of a game worth enjoying.PRO LIST1. The art is rather decent and looks nice. It happens to blur a lot of faces that otherwise don’t have a focus in the story (neat touch) and you can see that different pictures are colored differently to reflect mood (the pictures of the phone owner feeling “trapped” are dark compared to pictures of the owner’s true expressions ringing out which are lighter/brighter in color.2. The messages in the phone are easy to read and they added a neat feature that allows you to quickly scroll to the top of a conversation with a button press instead of scrolling your mouse wheel. It’s convenient and comes with an achievement!3. It’s short, simple, and requires little thought to figure out the “puzzles” and “challenges provided.CON LIST1. The game and community behind it are LGBT+ based and directed to that niche market, and as such, those who are against or would rather not deal with LGBT+ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t often skip over the game or return it after figuring out its origins.2. The game is so simple and easy to play (with such little content) that when you sit and read through every text message and complete the game, you only sat there for 1 hour. If you want the achievements (as all it’s really useful for is adding another “perfect game” to your Steam list and returning it for your money back) it takes at most 15 mins. I only have 2 hours on the game because I left halfway through to eat.3. This is suppose to be a storytelling game where you, as the person who picked up the phone and looked through it, has to snoop around and picks up clues to figure out the owner. Find the story, follow it, and see it’s conclusion. The Steam Store page for it makes it sound 10x more interesting than it really is. The story is flat, uninteresting, hard to get involved and otherwise placid and deadpan. When i play games, no matter what one, I try to take on the personality of the character I have before me (and God help me when I have to make my own and choose traits/class/race and such). With this, the whole premise is YOU found the phone and MUST look through it. I couldn’t get into that because I wouldn’t do that, so when playing, i tried to adopt a mentality that would make me want to play the game as realistically as I could. So I wiped the memory and left it behind, and got an achievement.CONCLUSIONIn all honesty, if you are into a game that is short, simple, unemotional and you don’t want to get attached to characters, then yeah, this game is for you. Achievement hunting is more like buying the dead animal from the butcher rather than hunting it. No challenge, easy, quick, and a helluva lot quicker. The LGBT+ gaming industry is something that could be explored in modest ways. Characters people can get attached to who aren’t heterosexual, but it effects a scene not the story are good places to start (see Dragon Age 2 and Dragon Age: Inquisition for more information on how a game can have LGBT+ elements with the same issues and challenges other identifying genders/sexualities face without it being the focus of the game).It’s almost sad I give a game focused on the issue of transgender rights and trans-phobia a “Not Recommended” review, but you don’t pay more for the whitewash on a canvas that will be painted over by something even better in due time."
,Recommended,523210,31322824,Posted: 23 April,all,rootfs.ext2.gz,"This was a pretty cool game. I bought it for £2 (not on sale), then completed it in just over an hour.I thought the story was good, it had a nice message, and it didn't overstay its welcome.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to others, because it's so cheap you hardly feel bummed out of your money."
76561198206859803,Recommended,523210,31810943,Posted: 17 May,all,*****,"This is an amazing game. Read everything, write down important dates, and all will be revealed."
76561198088680285,Recommended,523210,32357233,Posted: 11 June,all,juliefish,"Bought this game because it was reccomended and seemed like a quick, fun game. Upon playing it I was greeted with a wonderful surprise as I discovered it was a story abouta trans female! I was so happy by this news. It was a beautiful game. Only a few hours of gameplay, but well worth the price. Very interesting and a good way to pass the time! Loved it dearly."
,Recommended,523210,33347258,Posted: 7 July,all,KattyaKat,Really enjoyed experiencing the story unfold. I like that there were puzzle-ish elements and that the game didn't hold your hand through them. Totally felt like a sleuth.
,Recommended,523210,32463553,Posted: 15 June,all,costacarolas,"I am completely in love with this game.The story is very rich, and - personally - I thought it was very similar to what happens in Gone Home. If you ever played that, you'll see where I am coming from. It is fair enough to say that a suspicious atmosphere and a pre-judgement of situations have a plot twist and teaches you a lesson about society.Also,the LGBT story and ending, filling the gaps and leaving us with the information that a person was just tired of feeling held back, suffocating in a toxic environment with non-supportive friends and family about their sexual orientation is almost identical.And I love the whole thing for it.My sincere and thankful congratulations to a team dedicated to emphasize the importance of being human above everything else. To portray these stories through video games, making it interactive and embracing your views only and until the story is complete is absolute art, and this is what I'm talking about when I say I love video games.You should play this so hard."
,Recommended,523210,34717583,Posted: 3 September,all,Leet Owl,A nice little break from big games to remind everyone that we are all fragile and most of us never really know who we are. It was extremely short but amazing regardless.
,Recommended,523210,29523737,Posted: 27 January,all,IseUruNih,Nice little game that helps understanding the daily life of people going through major changes.Nice move to mix play and awareness!
76561198193064398,Recommended,523210,33167616,Posted: 2 July,all,briannawatson1212,"This game is very good and covers topics dealing with the troubles LGBT+ people deal with on a daily basics. While the story was cliche and you can tell the main topic of it in a very early stage of the game, I liked it."
76561198369907111,Recommended,523210,30434399,Posted: 10 March,all,Carm,A really sweet short game.
76561198107564320,Recommended,523210,31181102,Posted: 16 April,all,elizabethveldon,"I'm in two minds about this game.it's, basically, a game for cis people to come to an understanding oftrans and gender variant identitiesand that's a great thing, i completely support this but...i am troubled at the message it sends out about our identities, specifically the section wherea user in the vip section of the message board advises the main character to dress in as feminine a way as possible. this contradicts the earlier messages of the story to be one's self, to explore one's gender and one's gender presentation.this set up, for me, un uncomfortable feeling that the writing of the story was focused on a binary reading of gender and gender expression that throws gender variant, non gendered and genderqueer people under the bus.We can do better than this, surely."
,Recommended,523210,31251161,Posted: 20 April,all,Rendus,"I picked this up completely on a lark - Perhaps figuring it would be like the various real-time suspense/mystery games like Lifeline on mobile. It wasn't that, but that's fine.First, I'll say the game is very short - 45 minutes for a first-run (I reset the phone almost immediately) and a full playthrough combined. But I think this was a Game Jam game - and if so, it's definitely a pretty good one.The entire game takes place through the interface of a phone. You'll never leave that UI, and you'll never have any interactions that you drive yourself as the third party. Despite this, you're still puzzling together a story that is actually very similar to the real experiences I've had finding and returning some people's phones in real life.Despite it being so short, I'm quite satisfied with the overall experience. About the only downside, if you can call it that, is that the game has trading cards, and is such a short experience you'll need to leave the game running in the background for awhile to get the cards.There's bound to be a debate about the price point. I can't really comment on it - I'm fortunate enough to not think much about buying a $3 game, but if you're the sort that deliberates over spending a few bucks on a one-time experience, there's easily better values on Steam - And many, many worse values."
76561198076654009,Recommended,523210,31457497,Posted: 30 April,all,Phoenix O'Lion,What a wonderfully designed game.
,Recommended,523210,31885659,Posted: 21 May,all,Frelonn,"I was expecting a hacking simulator where you try to find the owner of a phone. I've done this before in real life, so a game of the same goal interested me.Personally, I was not expecting the depth presented. The game dives into a specific real-life issue in an educational manner. To some it may seem to push an opinion, but hopefully to others it's informative.I'm not going to say it was a learning experience for me, as I'm already aware of both sides of the issues depicted, but it can be for others.I refuse to spoil it, it was a great experience. Approach with an open mind.Personally, however, for the hours of gameplay, I can't say it's worth the price tag."
76561198025201944,Recommended,523210,31795090,Posted: 16 May,all,oOhurrikaneOo,"A great concept of unravelling a story as you rummage around a someone else's phone. The subject matter is good, however I'm not sure who it's aimed at, perhaps it's not supposed to be aimed at anybody...The game is essentially snooping through messages and emails gleaning important information - which can become tedious, even given the games short playthrough; at one juncture there is a piece of info which has to be obtained as it's a password, and I would never have arrived at the answer if I hadn't have peeked at an online walkthrough. Apart from this head-scratcher, everything else seems logical enough to crack.It's a very short piece, I completed it really quickly and I wasn't even giving it my full attention.Overall, not bad. I reccommend it on the basis of it's a neat concept and the price. The story is interesting, however don't expect any great revelations."
76561198141426552,Recommended,523210,30307000,Posted: 3 March,all,SpaceDandyWa,"Loved this game. I hope many others will play this game, those with questions, those wanting better understanding and those who need to understand.I was hit by the waves a feelings quite a few times."
,Recommended,523210,33326925,Posted: 6 July,all,SASH3695,"This game is very short, but also rich in story and character development.  I would describe it as an interactive novel  (not choice-consequence based) and reminded me of the game Sara is Missing.  This is because both games involve reading lots of text on a phone screen to uncover the backstory of the characters.  I only wish it was longer because the game just felt so short.  Overall, good writing, art, soundtrack, and use of game mechanics."
,Recommended,523210,31754970,Posted: 14 May,all,sᴜɪᴄɪᴅᴀʟ sᴛᴀʀᴋ,excellent game. short but the writting is superb and very realistic. by the end i felt a very close connection with the owner of the phone and related to them on a lot of things that hit very close to home. beautiful artwork as well.tldr; this game is definitely worth your time <3
,Recommended,523210,32343967,Posted: 11 June,all,costastg,"Interesting story, unique interface and gameplay, overall recommended."
,Recommended,523210,32417149,Posted: 14 June,all,matthewbaldwin,"Short (~ 2 hours) with no reply value, but I honestly like these kind of quick, one-shot games. The story was interesting and cleverly revealed, though so reminiscent of a slightly older indie game that it borders on derivative."
,Recommended,523210,31880081,Posted: 21 May,all,Vamyx,"I don't really know how to start this review but I'll try my best.OBS!Spoilers ahead, don't hover over the text unless you've played the game or simply want to ruin the game experience.""A Normal Lost Phone"" is a game where you play as an unknown person that one day finds a lost phone.You pick it up and from there, your sneaky nose decides to check the phone.You can read the owner of the phones messages, see pictures and so on.Even though the game Is pretty short, It's still something I would recommend for the ones who likes to search for clues.There are some times when you have to figure out passwords by searching through the phone for answeres.Some conversations are intereseting but you'll see once you play it.It's basically how a normal teenagers phone can look like, how relationships are.I would rate this 8/10, great music and a game worth the money even though It's pretty cheap."
,Recommended,523210,33033209,Posted: 30 June,all,almosdd,This game need more attention :]and..Ty for the new phone Sam! :^)
,Recommended,523210,31204489,Posted: 17 April,all,(aethom)  ネコ im a cat,"I am very much in love with this game and the topics covered :). It's very special and very moving, but I don't want to say much more for fear of ruining the experience. I can't recommend it enough."
,Recommended,523210,34590677,Posted: 29 August,all,Lawrie,Beautiful game! Can't wait for the next one!
76561198004148681,Not Recommended,523210,35335162,Posted: 30 September,all,sai`ke,"The original premise and concept is interesting, but the story and writing is not emotionally engaging enough to carry it through. It tries to deal with an important societal issue, but falls completely flat in its delivery. It doesn't really offer an interesting story nor a different perspective on the matters it touches. The main character felt very one dimensional and some of the puzzles and aspects of the story were non-sensical.I don't think I would've missed anything if I hadn't played it."
76561198326331479,Recommended,523210,29544302,Posted: 28 January,all,avaisnotonfire,"I found this game in my steam queue and was, at first, drawn in by the art style and idea of looking through a phone. Then I read a few reviews and after finding out about the kind of issues it touched on I knew I had to play it. Overall, the story is mostly well put together. It's the kind of game where you can be relaxed and take your time figuring out your next step. It's short, but the right length for a good three dollar game."
76561198129648840,Recommended,523210,29553268,Posted: 28 January,all,Darkdav3,"This is a fantastic and very well written game, highly recommended"
76561198032254970,Recommended,523210,29508383,Posted: 26 January,all,Treestime,Amazing game with very beautiful songs and excellent scripts !Congratulation to the development team :)
76561198148114553,Recommended,523210,29506379,Posted: 26 January,all,larisoft,"Its a nice game , I finished this game with a smile :D."
,Recommended,523210,30698778,Posted: 23 March,all,frick,Wow
,Recommended,523210,33295328,Posted: 5 July,all,A Daft Punk,I don't typically do reviews (unless I am being forced to for some steam sale cards and then I usually delete them later) words are not my forte and all that but this time I feel it is important to do so or something.I'll do a quick go over the game mechanics first before getting into story. It is puzzle based with them being pretty straight forward (on purpose so you can enjoy the story) it is what it says on the tin you are going through someones phone you found with puzzles being finding the passwords and the like.So now on to the story it is lgbt+ related I'll try to not spoil it completely but I feel even if you go in knowing it is still an experince to just do things yourself.  Even if it happens to be a story you are all to familiar with it being your life type familiar it is still nice due to the general not alone and a happy ending.I do highly recomend it a little more so to anyone not belonging in that T umbrella in the greater quiltbag but like I said if you are it ends up being a happy story which I feel is a nice change of pace/needed. Read everything and enjoy the story.
,Recommended,523210,30470977,Posted: 12 March,all,CSD4✔,One of the best indie games I have ever played. A very great game idea with a wonderful story to it.
76561198276588467,Recommended,523210,29637527,Posted: 1 February,all,swordsman606,"I saw this game recently, and, since it seemed interesting, bought it. I had, at that point, no idea what awaited me.Now, after playing it - my mind is blown. This game is exceptionally well made, both in the way it works and in how it is written. I found myself trembling and fearing, laughing and crying, and finally hoping and growing together with the protagonist. I delighted in how the music made more and more sense the further I progressed. And I feel enlightened by the information this game provided. I won't spoil the topic, but it is, at least in my opinion, indeed utterly important for each and everyone of us.Therefore, albeit the game was short, I can only recommend playing it."
,Recommended,523210,29627644,Posted: 1 February,all,snow. ❄,"I'm not sure if I'm doing something wrong but when I launch the game, I get a screen of blue and the only apps I can use are the calendar and messages. Even after setting up the wifi, nothing seems to change. I have tried to uninstall and reinstall the game, but that didn't help. Would anyone happen to know a solution? I'm in a bit of a bind >_< Thanks in advance."
,Recommended,523210,29608427,Posted: 31 January,all,Craynon,"Great game!Short, took me 84 minutes to read every message and get every achievment, but a good story!I won't give any spoilers, but it's a good little game.At one point it felt like it was getting a bit heavy handed with the moral messages, but then it turned it around by adding a lot more depth to it in a way that I didn't expect.This game is cheap, buy it!"
76561198063026869,Recommended,523210,31808746,Posted: 17 May,all,tanguy.piotto,This game deserves lots and lots of love. In no way was it a normal phone.It was a bit short that is true but the game is quite cheap so that isn't an issue.Lovely game. Good story that felt real.
76561198278519894,Not Recommended,523210,33575358,Posted: 15 July,all,ZoeDuck,"It was simple, yes, but a bit too bland. Sure I figured it all out and the story was important, but I feel like there was a lot of things missing, and the ending was anti-climatic. It interested me in the beginning but ended up just kinda being boring."
,Recommended,523210,32718441,Posted: 24 June,all,worstdayever,Great Game
,Recommended,523210,33393236,Posted: 8 July,all,mello,"Really lovely, could use a suicide content warning on top of the ones on the intro screen."
76561198064530526,Recommended,523210,30616697,Posted: 19 March,all,JosieBoy,Quick but effective. Really good game.
,Recommended,523210,30784986,Posted: 27 March,all,metric.seven,'Men can be complicated sometimes too.'
,Recommended,523210,32820579,Posted: 26 June,all,JinXButcher,cool and good
,Recommended,523210,33254879,Posted: 4 July,all,Haywire,"Great little game with a compelling story and an important message, presented in a novel and interesting way. Worth checking out if you like a good story and puzzle games!"
,Recommended,523210,33326765,Posted: 6 July,all,Tyranniac,"A short game that delivers a predictable, but emotionally engaging story in a very interesting way (as the title would imply). Definitely recommended if you are a fan of Gone Home and other ""snooping"" games like it."
,Recommended,523210,33291679,Posted: 5 July,all,SarcasmVirtuoso,"A Normal Lost Phone is not an average game, it's an experience. Its story unfolds in brilliant ways, and once you uncover it, you find a beautiful, well-told set of events that will leave you thinking and with warm feelings. Highly recommend buying this game and supporting its creators!"
,Recommended,523210,32942483,Posted: 28 June,all,Simon Says,"I kind of expected more story to be told and perhaps in a different way, but considering the price of the game (2€ at sale) I'm happy with the experience it gave me. It's a nice story overall. One thing that I did not like was the UI, because it felt kind of clumsy. If you like solving clues and looking for hidden answers, but don't want to waste your time on meaningless games or way to hard games, it's a game for you."
,Recommended,523210,30159555,Posted: 24 February,all,Abraxas,"Somehow i start playing this game like wherever, its cheap, however the more i knew the more i felt touched, i dont know why, but i kinda cried about this,its a short beautiful game.the puzzles are easy if you are used to escape games and suchbeautiful illustrations.its a 10/10 for me."
,Recommended,523210,30126927,Posted: 23 February,all,Anna,"An absolutely fascinating game with a rather tragic story of self-discovery and self-realization. An unsual lot of reading is involved, but it is nevertheless a very atmospheric game. Reading the story of the phone's owner and learning about their life, their struggles and their secret is capturing, and it definitely for me served as inspiration to inform myself further about the topic. For others who are facing similar struggles as the character it might be inspirational as well!I loved the game and definitely recommend it!*SPOILER ALERT*And for everyone who has never really given thought to the influence of the binary system and the naturalization of gender it's a great game to challenge ones own views and get a different perspective on the differentiation of sex and gender, on identity and on the merits of a non-binary system of thought."
,Recommended,523210,31750262,Posted: 14 May,all,Novae95,"I like this game, because it talks about subjects I don't hear a lot, besides on Tumblr."
76561197968321754,Recommended,523210,29575770,Posted: 29 January,all,Speedkillsuk,"I knew nothing about this game going in (having only bought it on a whim due to it being very cheap and on the popular new releases section of Steam) and ended up really enjoying it. The characters are well written and believable with complex motivations and legitimate struggles. I found myself initially condemning some of the behaviour of the main character, only to discover the reasons for this behaviour later on and feeling extremely bad for judging them. The writing does a fantastic job of explaining context and challenging preconceived conceptions about how people should and shouldn't act in different situations. It's refreshing to feel challenged (in a positive way) by the writing in a game.I wish everyone could enjoy the game this way. It's a shame that the content of the story is riling some people up and causing all the wrong kinds of attention, because it's a beautifully told story that deserves to be enjoyed on its own merits, free from all this ridiculous controversy."
,Recommended,523210,31830629,Posted: 18 May,all,[M4tth2w],"people mention ""short game"" well, maybe if you're rushing through it.. it's around 2/4 depending on how you play it and if you do everything yourself i played around 2 hours and then resorted to tips off steams support. but i'm glad i was able to experience this game it's awesome and i hope the devs do bring out more games like this."
,Recommended,523210,33289003,Posted: 5 July,all,Hazel 👽,Such a pretty game with a wonderful story and a great ending. Short and sweet- can not reccomend it highly enough!
76561198000984567,Recommended,523210,33294084,Posted: 5 July,all,babbleboom,"Watched a Let's Play, absolutely loved the story for a very reasonable price."
76561198138125341,Recommended,523210,34999364,Posted: 16 September,all,•๖ζ͜Laugn'rt Scoripous,"I beat the game with enough time left to refund.It was a great game though, the story was given in pieces, and the revelation comes as a shock.I had to use a guide for the puzzles, but they were pretty great too once I understood them."
76561197994942167,Recommended,523210,30187869,Posted: 25 February,all,simonjordan557,"Good game, well presented. I guessed what the twist would be very early on but I still enjoyed playing."
76561198146547748,Recommended,523210,34781794,Posted: 6 September,all,Danny,"ehhhh, is okey"
76561198098582049,Recommended,523210,30203930,Posted: 26 February,all,Knatily,"Enjoyable gameplay, good story. Well executed."
,Not Recommended,523210,35264407,Posted: 28 September,all,jOrA,"What a horrible storytelling game. The game looks horrible, it's positioned vertically, so you have massive black stripes of nothing around the game. Gameplay is insignificant, you read a bunch of weird text and most of them are completely useless. The aim of the story is to find out about the owner of the phone. Although the story is so miserable that some people probably wouldn't even notice it exists.The only good thing is that it's cheap and you can finish the game in less than 2h quite easily, which lets you refund this crap."
76561198084141890,Not Recommended,523210,33748840,Posted: 23 July,all,qmagnet,Thought I was gonna solve the a murder of the missing phone owner. Turns out I'm just reading letters of teenage angst. I'm too old to enjoy this one.
,Not Recommended,523210,30688789,Posted: 23 March,all,lievanec,i bought it because i loooved the art. price was an indicator that somethings not right and yep/ way too short and all just about passwords.. i would like to see [much] more
,Recommended,523210,29505683,Posted: 26 January,all,brownxtigerZz,I've only just started it but it seems really good! And I love the music!
76561198155163832,Not Recommended,523210,33176495,Posted: 3 July,all,thooper_man,"I bought the game because it was cheap and had good reviews, but was disappointed to find out that the game was VERY boring. The story, the way the game played just didn't manage to engage me in any sort of way. Pros for this game is gender rights equality something. woopwoop"
,Not Recommended,523210,34520727,Posted: 26 August,all,Theoretically Spooked,"Cheap shot at being touchy feely, has no subtlety.Plot:Basically the main character is a transexual and runs away from home after breaking up with (at the time) his girlfriend.The gameplay is boring, and is hardly a game. I loved the idea, I just thing it was executed awfully.I good parts are the art and the music, but that's not enough to even remotely call this a 'game'.The gameplay itself is looking through photos and comparing the dates of when they were captured to passwords to different apps. Gets tiring really quickly, and lasts forever.I played this game for a solid hour; completion in one sitting. That hour felt like ages.inb4 people call me homophobic even though I'm gay lmao"
76561198085734035,Not Recommended,523210,33675263,Posted: 20 July,all,Marlon,Let's make meaning in a story through making the main character a bi black trans character! nice...I feel the premise of this game is great and the way it works. However the story is lacking greatly.
,Recommended,523210,30175633,Posted: 25 February,all,Son_Of_Hades,Play it. NOW.
,Not Recommended,523210,29514243,Posted: 26 January,all,Wawadish,"This ""game"" could hardly be classified as one. I feel like ive wasted my money. The gameplay is dull, at first i thought it would be something interesting, like pony island. But no, I was very disapointed. The puzzles can almost all be solved by looking up a date in your messages (It's almost just memorize the important dates and just use them one by one till one works). The story is being told in an interesting way, however the story itself isn't anything amazing. This could have easily been a book and a bad one as well.The story is very straightforward and not worth the praise. I really don't understand all the positive reviews. Yes, the subject is very controversial and controversial stories are hard to write in a way that won't offend any party. But this is just? wat? What is that ending?? Did I just waste 2 hours of my life for that ending? I thought it would be more interesting.The main characters are Sam, Alice and Melissa. The most interesting one is Melissa, yet her story felt rushed and I just wanted to know more about her. But thanks to that ending I couldn't.To be fair this game has a good thing going for it which is the music. It is genuinely the only thing I enjoyed. It helped me go through this hell with fewer scars.If all you want in your game is a good soundtrack, then yes go ahead and buy this. If you want to play a game then don't buy this. If you want to read a book, then buy this. If you want to read an interesting book, then don't buy this.I bought this game without giving it any sort of ""background check"" and was very disappointed. I hope this review helped you."
,Not Recommended,523210,32132436,Posted: 2 June,all,LordWeegeeIII,"Short, borning game that threw in LGBT themes to try to stay original. Writing this review on Gilbert Baker's birthday adds to the horrors within the game.If your into people catfishing other people then be my guest."
,Not Recommended,523210,31634377,Posted: 8 May,all,borger,this game is♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,523210,31208811,Posted: 17 April,all,Sandwich Maker 2000,Get Replica instead.
,Recommended,523210,29597006,Posted: 30 January,all,Petey,"This game was amazing. Not only for someone who is LGBT+ like myself but for people who aren't aware of the subjects, as well as a good story. Bigots and people who would call this game and its' topic 'bad' or 'sjw whatever' are embarassing, seriously. And really the game should have shown them how harmful their thought process is. (If they weren't too thick-headed to start with, LOL.)The social issues in this game are treated like a real subject and not a joke. Which was so relieving!!It isn't a super long game and it was fun to read, I was able to guess the 'twist' from the very beginning probably because I relate to Sam on a personal level, lol.What an amazing game, I'm glad it had so many backers and the support it deserved! Great job to the developers, and I loved the art! Fantastic."
,Not Recommended,523210,29963195,Posted: 16 February,all,minercat20,"A piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥what i could programm in 1hour and it would be better. The price is too high, 1€ would do it perfectly. Ein Stück Scheiße, welches ich in einer Stunde programmieren könnte, und dann besser wäre als das original. Auch der Preis ist zu hoch, 1€ hätte gereicht."
,Not Recommended,523210,31183791,Posted: 16 April,all,Dyne,"This is a 30 minute game so naturally a review kind of has to include spoilers because there isn't enough non-spoiler content to comment on.I get why the game gets rave reviews; being trans is super cool right now... it's the new emo. Game's just not that good though. If you pay even a little bit of attention within the first 5 minutes of the game you already know what happened and the rest of the game is just spent trudging through the banal ""puzzles"". The writing is stunted. If this is how trans people belive other people think in regards to them, it's no wonder they're always dour.The major flaw in the game, though, is its design in general. The game description says you build empathy with the character whose phone you are reading but I didn't feel any connection at all, nor do I believe one is possible. You are going through someone's phone and making decisions for them without them present.  That's not empathy, that's creepy. Perhaps if the characters in the game were more likeable you'd care a bit more... or if there were different choices you could make about what you decided to do with what you learned... but it's just a linear one-off.I can appreciate what the developer was trying to do but trying and succeeding are not the same things."
76561198116162180,Not Recommended,523210,31892530,Posted: 21 May,all,jcwbaumann,Awful. Just pushing a political agenda.
76561198078459451,Not Recommended,523210,34127702,Posted: 9 August,all,aerenus,"Allright...I am sorta lost here. I played Orwell and was impressed and I thought it would be same experience here. Sort of it was. Invading privacy, digging for answer...But the truth was stall as an old bread.A normal phone of a special multi-gendered snowflake.Nice music, though."
,Not Recommended,523210,30253894,Posted: 28 February,all,Hoshijiro,SPOILERSThe owner of the phone wants to come out as trans. Wasted potential of a game...in poilitics. Peace!Gone Home pulled it off much better and kept me engaged.
76561198071723451,Not Recommended,523210,29568525,Posted: 29 January,all,La Giuggia,"Let me usetheirterminology and way of thinking:I feel violated.This game r aped me with unexpected LGBT SJW propaganda!Let's switch to a more intelligent tone now:This is a story about incredibly kind, good and understandingnon-binarypeople, and evil and intolerant heterosexual people who want to burn gays alive.A Normal Lost Phonetalks about a black guy who's engaged with a beautiful, white and straight girl, and, you know, SJW stupid logic says that as every other beautiful, white girl she'sEVIL AS HELL(But I'm afraid I could be a real proof for this stereotype, so I won't try to debunk it. lol).This game starts with some kinda interesting ideas to intrigue you, then it betrays your trust with SJW retardness, picturing a world populated by good LGBT people who always turn the other cheek to the evil heterosexuals who want them dead. Yeah, right?Thisvideogame(which has no real gameplay at all) is more an excuse for LGBT propaganda than anything else. After the presentation of some plot, the bigger texts are LGBT nonsense. They write many times that in order to be a transgender, someone doesn't have to take hormones or have surgery, because gender is in the mind... but... I mean, ""transgender"" literally means ""to make a transition from one gender to another"",transitionimplies an evolution, a process, this shouldn't mean that one day you wake up and say ""My biological gender doesn't fit me.I'm a trans now!"" then the day after ""You know what? I was wrong, I'm not a trans anymore!"". I mean...WTF!?Conclusions:If you are a smart person who doesn't care about SJW LGBT garbage, skip this and buy some candies.If you are a SJW who loves to eat LGBT garbage, buy this, there's plenty. 50% of this game contents aretransplaining(yeah, if you like to use the wordmansplainingwhat I read in this game sounded liketranspaliningto me) which says things like it's normal to chose a different gender everytime you wake up (this is literally what they wrote in the game.)It's cheap though, so if you are smart but you want to be a tourist in this world of nonsense, buy this."
76561197968942922,Not Recommended,523210,30876722,Posted: 1 April,all,[SNUG]Mr.Explicit,"The game seemed fun when I read the short description on Steam. Games like this are fun and often focuses on good stories and character evolvement.As I played this game it took me 10 sec to figure out the main points. Just the stupid political correct notice in the loading screen got me figuring the plot. After only a few min of gametime I felt like the entire point of the game was obvious and I did not feel any twist and turn the game took was unexpected.If I had one dollar for every gender there is, I would have 2 dollar. This game is just another poke from the political correct, social justice warriors of the world.Gender Dysphoria is a real medical illness and it is treated just like any other."
,Not Recommended,523210,34590369,Posted: 29 August,all,Kella Win,This game is poop. Its like ten minutes long and its about a gay person big deal barf. Highly recommend not buying
,Not Recommended,523210,29706875,Posted: 4 February,all,sslemons,i feel uncomfortable
,Not Recommended,523210,32510170,Posted: 17 June,all,Justin Megawarne,"An instance of the “gaming as politics” movement, whereby great gameplay ideas are ruined by prioritizing propaganda."
76561198121669105,Recommended,523210,30417381,Posted: 9 March,all,nyxx,The world needs more games exactly like this.
,Recommended,523210,30430258,Posted: 10 March,all,ChrissiTea,"I loved this little game. I was sucked in straight away and played it straight through. I even took notes to make sure I didn't miss any key dates - I still did though, haha.For the price, it's fantastic and worth a play."
,Recommended,523210,30441282,Posted: 10 March,all,1helios1,Really touching and true to life.
76561198039372402,Recommended,523210,30466528,Posted: 12 March,all,Leniella,"Quite a nice game.Story is interesting, believable, bur a little short.Phone owner is quite loveable and his decisions/motives understandable.The Puzzles are logical and quite solvable, but not too easy.All in all a good, short game."
,Recommended,523210,30761127,Posted: 26 March,all,GabeN,"I don't know how to start this review so I'll just get to the point.I beat this game in about 40 min. I definitely enjoyed the concept of you finding a phone and figuring the secrets of it but again the game is way too short.The story is pretty fleshed out and pretty well done but the ending when you find out what really happened to Sam is a let down to me. I excpected something more shocking since the selling point of the game is ""Who is Sam?"". So don't go into this game for the grand reveal.The only gameplay feature in this game is puzzles. And there are a fair bit of them. Some of the puzzles really make you pay attention to the things you read which I liked.The price of the game is a little too high and you might be saying ""Its only 3 bucks man!!1!1!1"" yes it is only 3 bucks but I know free to play games which have more content. I would recommend to wait for a sale.-7/10"
,Recommended,523210,30862222,Posted: 31 March,all,ginjninj,"Read as little about this game as you can, if you got the tiny asking price and 2 hours spare you should play this with no idea what to expect. The way the story unfolds as you gain access to parts of this persons private messages and photos is really great. If I had to compare it to something it would be Her Story as a text adventure.The interface is just like using a phone, all be it limited to what the game wants to feed you for the story. It could have been fun to see more apps or just random junk to make it feel more real. But it's very clean and straightforward as it is.The soundtrack is nice, although i had some problems with tracks not playing after the previous one ended."
,Recommended,523210,30944122,Posted: 4 April,all,iddqd,This game was a great journey to be had.
76561198052139930,Recommended,523210,30950023,Posted: 4 April,all,Leviathan,"About 2h of reading with a bit of puzzling, if you like text-based games. No fun in rushing it!Being able to switch languages while playing is a big plus!Spoiler part:Happy end was really satisfying! Realistic story overall and hits close to home.I really liked the explanations in the forum, for someone who hears about LGBTIQ themes for first time this can be a great way to get some great first information! <3	Samira is really cute and I wish her and Alice the best life a fictional character can get!Only drawback was the music being a bit buggy, stopped playing several times :/In overall very recommended if you like a thoughtful game for a chill evening."
76561198179046755,Recommended,523210,30916683,Posted: 2 April,all,RealNihilisticNinja,"I don't want to say much about the game because it works best going in blind I feel but this is a game with solid plotting good mood-setting, (mostly) fair puzzle, and interesting charaters.It definitely makes up for the $3 you spend. Give it a shot- I promise you won't be disappointed"
,Recommended,523210,31889297,Posted: 21 May,all,K!miKiwi,"It's a little game but one of the game I played that I enjoyed the most. With this game we follow the life of someone through a smartphone, and actually I realised that a phone can say a lot about a person. The story was actually quite good and make you think a lot about this kind of situation and I think even if someone has a different story everybody can more or less relate to this because everybody hide their true self, It's like the phone nowadays is the mirror of oneself...A really really good game, I reccommand this !"
76561198036561843,Recommended,523210,33086553,Posted: 1 July,all,Owlflame,"Cute. A good game for people who like piecing information together.Your reward is more of the full picture every time.It's usually puzzle, learn information, puzzle. With the puzzles feeling like organic hunts for information.Some things in the story felt like the main character might be a BIT of a jerk that never really got explained. Though they were minor.very fun. Screw zip codes."
76561198079456118,Recommended,523210,33254202,Posted: 4 July,all,Cecc,Interesting apporach to a game. I read up quite a bit on this game (for my standards) and was intrigued by the idea. As I went through the game and found out the deeper meaning I was really surprised at the amount of informaion and advie given. Kudos to the creator(s) of this game. I will recommend this where I can.P.S. it's only a 2 hour game but the message is pretty strong and worth the $2 I paid.
76561198212236585,Recommended,523210,33188915,Posted: 3 July,all,xXSpiritRaineXx,"This is truly an amazing game. The intricacy of finding the back story was tedious, but worth the time. The topics metioned throughout the game is also a plus for anyone struggling with who they are, just to know that there are people like them. Not to mention, the soundtrack is a plus as well :D A game worth the buy <3"
,Recommended,523210,33185893,Posted: 3 July,all,River,I'm not good with putting my thoughts together so I'll just say I genuinely loved this game. It was very nice.
,Recommended,523210,33207245,Posted: 3 July,all,tokvev,Wish I could play it for the first time again.
,Recommended,523210,33218521,Posted: 4 July,all,rmy0,"sweetnice music and art, lovely storyalice is gr8sam is prettyf*ck melren"
,Recommended,523210,33360983,Posted: 7 July,all,Cria-cow,"Cute, charming little puzzle-game-visual-novel thing. Tells a short little story through you breaking your way through someone's lost phone. Surprisingly good at The Trans Thing, I have to say--and the long list of people in the community they talked to while making it is a credit to them. Good soundtrack, too.I did everything and finished in about 40 minutes, which I'm sure some will feel is too short. I thought it was just right for what it was and am glad it wasn't dragged out to several hours. Your experience may vary."
,Recommended,523210,33363596,Posted: 7 July,all,sunkshark,"I love games like these! I wish there were more like it! The story unfolds in a way that keeps the player engaged while not rushing the story. You (the player) pick up a presumably lost phone and have to go through the text messages, emails and some personal accounts on websites in order to figure out who the phone belongs to. It does cover some controversial topics (lgbtq and sexaul assault) but it does it in such an amazing way. I'm so glad I played this game. I'm so glad Jacksepticeye introduced it on his channel! Definetely would recommend it! 5 out of 5! 10 out of 10! Whatever rating system you prefer!"
,Recommended,523210,33386024,Posted: 8 July,all,gemma.bell,"Beautiful game. For something so minimalistic, it's surprisingly atmospheric; it really took me to Sam's world. I played in one sitting, fixated on the unravelling story, which is not overly complex but somehow very intriguing. It is short and lacks replay value- it is just a pleasant one-time experience. Furthermore, it really captured what it is like to grow up with the internet; it reminded me a lot of being a teen who was learning things and connecting with people on forums. Forums like the one portrayed in this game have been vital for LGBTQ+ youth in education and seeking support. It was nice to see this part of our experience recognised in a way that felt truly authentic.The only issue was that some of the passcodes required to progress were hard to figure out. There are a lot of numbers mentioned and you can't try them all! Didn't take away from the experience though. Encountered no bugs. Highly recommend."
76561198372926237,Recommended,523210,33387178,Posted: 8 July,all,salhelder,"This behaves a lot like a flash game, and the gameplay is just simulating the use of a cellphone which can feel somewhat awkward, yet once I barged trough that and finally started to uncover the bits and pieces of the story it got a bit better. The thing here is that this game really suceedes in the virtues of it's climax, when the tragedy hits you like a ton of bricks, and that is an achivment in compeling story telling, so for that, I do recommend it.The art is fairly nice and the soundtrack is very fitting. Finally, just be clear that it doesn't have replay value."
,Recommended,523210,33413276,Posted: 9 July,all,InkorStardust,"A very sweet little game, with a chill soundtrack. Wasn't sure where it was going to go, enjoyed where it ended up. For the couple of quid it costs, it's a fine way to spend an hour, and a neat little idea for a game."
76561198259626410,Recommended,523210,33460721,Posted: 11 July,all,plomeek,"A lovely little game with a chill soundrack. Fairly easy puzzles and a rich, emotional storyline considering how short the gameplay is! 100% worth the money!However, the game could do with some more content warnings even though they would be spoilers."
,Recommended,523210,32189076,Posted: 4 June,all,trentevo,"I thought this was a fun little game. I came into it aware of the LGBTQIAA undertones, which is honestly why I picked it up. It was a pretty short run but it had a couple of puzzles and was enjoyable to play. The only thing that bothers me is if you miss something in the first run through, you'll need to go through it all again, in order to get all the achievements. That said, fun game. Definitely suggest for anyone looking for LGBT games to enjoy."
,Recommended,523210,32190095,Posted: 4 June,all,MrDowntempo,"While I probably wouldn't want to play a lot of lost phone games, I think the gimmick here was a very interesting way to tell a story. I enjoyed it a lot, and what I thought had happened changed a number of times until I discovered the end. The puzzles weren't too difficult either, so I never got stuck for too long before moving on to the next bit of story."
76561198013197255,Recommended,523210,32159565,Posted: 3 June,all,JayKay,"This is my first game with this style of narrative game so I cant compare it to others in the genre but i'll still try to give it a quick review.A Normal Lost Phone is the story of Sam disappearing on his 18th birthday via a emulated smartphone. And while it looks and feels like a fake phone interface it feels like it was made for smartphone, but it still works okay for PC.Gameplay flow in rather simple to be honest. On the phone you have a bunch of apps, some locked. you find the ""keys"" to the apps by reading through whatever information you have on hand. Not once did I feel that the puzzles were obtuse, nor were they taxing on the brain.Story wise you get clues from the moment you start it up, with a ""Dad 4 new messages"". anyone can read them and get what story beats are in store unfortunately, but you might still get a curve ball or two.Not much else to say other than I got 100% Achievements in about 110 minutes, this is not a long game but for the price I think you get what you pay for. Oh and I think I would have enjoyed this alot better in 30 Minute bursts on mobile than in one 2 hour sit.Overall I enjoyed it, expanded my horizons a bit, and would recommend to anyone who likes this sort of thing."
76561198058578443,Recommended,523210,32114871,Posted: 1 June,all,dicegypsy,The passwords were a little difficult and I needed a little help in the end.  But it was a great story!  I loved all of the twists and turns. Very enjoyable!
,Recommended,523210,32699996,Posted: 23 June,all,SirCabbage,"A really interesting (if a little short) narrative exploration about exploring someone's life through the lens of only their phone. I did find myself wondering what happened throughout, before the pieces sharply came into focus. The gameplay consists mostly of searching for links and passwords to continue with your exploration and there is plenty to read.Perhaps the strongest part of this game is the soundtrack, which really helps you get into the headspace of the owner of the phone. Interesting exploration if you are looking to throw down a couple of bucks towards something narrative and short."
76561198035456440,Recommended,523210,32697492,Posted: 23 June,all,bjwing,It only takes a couple hours. It's not difficult. An okay way to pass an afternoon.
76561198145285316,Recommended,523210,32709624,Posted: 23 June,all,EverettDisaster,Such a beautiful game. I was weary of purchasing at first but I'm glad I did. Storyline is very nice and puzzles are fairly easy but pose enough of a challenge. The music within the game is also very lovely if you take the time to check that out. Took about 2 hours to make it through 1 playthrough and get all achievements. If you've played We Know the Devil you will love this as well.
,Recommended,523210,32708390,Posted: 23 June,all,thebadmeringue,"A clever, ever-unfolding visual novel via a smartphone interface.  Puzzles are identical throughout (i.e. find important date, use it as password, repeat), but the way in which the narrative is revealed is unique and really speaks to how much of our lives (and identities) are saved on our devices."
,Recommended,523210,29692837,Posted: 4 February,all,Myriad,"What to say about this game...Well, first things first, I liked it. I don't know what sort of score I'd give it, maybe like a 7/10.I kind of expected it to be like a detective game, with you going through someone's phone, gathering clues, learning about them and then solving the mystery, but instead, its more like a ~2 hour story, with a little bit of clue gathering and problem solving. There's a lot of reading, and the ""puzzles"" aren't that hard, it just depends on whether or not you were able to notice the clues.The ending... I don't know if I can say whether it was satisfying or not, since as I said, it's not really that much of a mystery, but I will say that I only really predicted the ending right before I got to it, or almost as I was getting it, so it's not like you see it coming a mile away.So! Good, interesting story (very socially ""charged"", but it didn't really bother me), it felt like it was meant to be a tool to educate a lot of people on the social issue it adresses. Gameplay seems dull since like I said, its mostly reading. Music is very good, I can recommend the soundtrack.Overall, I recommend this game as a short, interesting story-experience."
,Recommended,523210,29680255,Posted: 3 February,all,Kitty,"Interesting game, kept me busy for a couple hours. If you dont mind spending a few dollars for a social/puzzle game then I would reccomend it."
,Recommended,523210,29680831,Posted: 3 February,all,mikisjw,"Nice little game. Essentially an interactive short story, you learn about the owner of the phone- Sam. For a game that's only 3 hours-ish long, the game gets deeply personal and you really feel for Sam.Worth the $3 imo."
76561198063022732,Recommended,523210,29661357,Posted: 2 February,all,Tracer,"This was an amazing experience, hits extremely close to home, left me feeling more emotions than i could really explain. If you enjoyed the experience of Gone Home or experiences like that, you will absolutely love ANLP."
76561198336856634,Recommended,523210,29769243,Posted: 7 February,all,lbarbour,"It's okay for a $3 purchase... I wouldn't spend any more on it than that. I appreciate that it is trying to raise awareness for the trans community, and that it has a lot of wonderful facts and support for trans people in there. I love that. However, the story is boring and it has no replay value. But like I said, it is only $3 so I don't regret purchasing it or playing it."
,Recommended,523210,29968915,Posted: 16 February,all,Nadia1989,"A very well written narrative that tugs at the heart strings, and good gameplay too if you enjoy puzzle solving. Dosent gel completely together for me (the story was more it's strength than it's gameplay), but well worth it for a single playthrough especially for the price. 7/10"
76561198057418203,Recommended,523210,29793888,Posted: 8 February,all,Paradichlorobenzene Princess,"I knew I'd like this game, but I didn't realize how much I would love it. I don't normally leave reviews for games, but I believe to my core that everyone should play this. By the end I was crying. It's a very very simple game, but it is that element that makes it so big and impactful. It plays upon real life. That reflection of reality, of humanity is breathtaking to me. I loved this game and I'd love to play more games that follow the same topics."
76561198279058464,Recommended,523210,29782625,Posted: 8 February,all,Juji,"1:Genre (5/5)This game has captured what the essence of stalking, puzzle solving and visual novels.2:Gameplay (2/5)It is not a game as such, rather than random notes that all have something to do with each other. Although I must say that the few puzzles are placed just right that you read the right stuff in roughly the right order. There are no in-game spoilers if you read more than you were supposed to >:D3:Story (4/5)This is a story you either hate or love. I will not spoiler you at this point, if you want to be spoilered go to the forums :DSome might argue that the teenagers in the story exagerate and are to impulsive but thats exactly how teenagers are!One point less because the story ends a bit to fast and an epilogue would have been nice.4: Playtime (3/5)2.99€ for up to 3 hours of gameplay. I think thats okay...5: Graphics (3/5)Again thats a personal thing, some might like them, others wont. I found everything except for the chats pretty good.An option for playing it in phone-screen size would have been nice.6: Sound (5/5)You get to pick from the music that the owner of the phone has on it and thats pretty cool. The owner has a good taste in music and its almost enough to get you through the game without repeats.Overall: (3.7/5) - If you prefer story over game : this is for you."
76561198252167588,Recommended,523210,29594974,Posted: 30 January,all,ClobbahDatKirbeh,This game is absolutely beautiful. Love the ending!
,Recommended,523210,29608002,Posted: 31 January,all,Kaiser Franz  Josef I.,really nice game!
,Recommended,523210,30026538,Posted: 18 February,all,Poireka,"Read the full review atPEPREP. [No spoilers]At the end of January, you’re on your way home, in the dark – from work, from a party, from the shops. Something buzzes and you reflexively reach for your pocket, but your phone is minding its own business. A gleam of light makes you look down. On the ground by your right foot you can see the lit screen of a fancy new smartphone. It identifies itself as the culprit behind the disturbance by displaying a message: “4 new messages from Dad.” You pick it up, hit accept, and the phone immediately offers up the messages in question. Dad is worried. Mom wants to call the police. The phone’s owner, Sam, seems to be missing.What’s going on with Sam? Some troubles are immediately apparent: a relationship in turmoil, friends revealing unsavoury character aspects, family secrets. Even though the game is short, playing it feels like settling in for the long haul as the player learns the names, relationships, and dates most important for Sam while trawling for a solution to a problem that has long since transcended the simple matter of returning a lost phone. Peeling back each layer by figuring out how to access and interpret all of the phone’s apps reveals Sam’s fleshed-out character nested in a web of complex social networks, acting and reacting like any of us would to events large and small.What interested me most about ANLP is the meta-experience of playing. Statistically, most players will not have personal experience with the issues ANLP seeks to discuss, even though a slightly higher number might have encountered the topics through friends, and most will have engaged with some form of related media coverage. Many players will only have sparse, incomplete, or downright incorrect information on the topics discussed, but I would wager that some would relish a real-world opportunity to dig through the personal life of someone like Sam. This added an extra factor into the uncomfortable sensation of invading someone else’s privacy."
,Recommended,523210,30010839,Posted: 18 February,all,EdenCrow,"A Normal Lost Phone, developed by Accidental Queens, lets the player explore the contents of an unknown person’s phone. An intimate portrait of its owner is unravelled as obscured information is discovered that aid the unlocking of more of the phone’s features through various messages and apps. Starting with texts mostly devoid of context, a deep personal understanding of the character’s innermost emotions can be discovered over the game’s short play-time. These feelings derive mostly from subjects rather sensitive in nature, yet Accidental Queens deals with them in a mature and responsible way and isn’t afraid to do more than just hint at their involvement in the story. A Normal Lost Phone is not the most groundbreaking of experiences, but the way in which it reveals itself is extremely compelling and players are more than likely to walk away with a touch more empathy and understanding in life."
,Recommended,523210,30018975,Posted: 18 February,all,disc0rd,"You've found a phone and you need to uncover its secrets. There's really nothing more to it. You need to read text messages, e-mails, look through different apps in order to find the passwords to enter other apps and bit by bit uncover why the phone is thrown away.It's an alright little game which will take you somewhere between 30 and 60 minutes to finish."
76561198025044985,Recommended,523210,29933233,Posted: 14 February,all,thenandback,"Like a cross between Gone Home and Cibele, with an ""ah-ha"" moment similar to Her Story. The unlocked cellphone is a cool gameplay conceit, and the writing's solid."
,Recommended,523210,33204690,Posted: 3 July,all,RainbowLayn,"I have been totally clueless what to expect from the game and it kept my attention the whole 117 minutes.The game is definitely the ""story rich"". The player is a random person, who finds a phone and learns more and more about previous owner.Personally, I didn't expect such a turn of a story, but as 'these' themes are getting more and more popular everywhere - most of the millenials would enjoy it.  Somebody might even find comfort for his/her thoughts.The music is good, but i wouldn't say it's GREAT. It is ok for playing in the background."
,Recommended,523210,33744616,Posted: 23 July,all,QueenOfPizza,"*spoiler alert, possibly*A Normal Lost Phone is an LGBTQ inspired game showcasing the bravery and courage of a trans male to female, while exploring the struggles they face with strict friends and family. I will admit that I had to Google walkthroughs of certain parts, and the only downside of this game is how abruptly it ended - I wanted to dive deeper and learn more, and see how their transition journey was going. I do recommend this game if you're looking for something casual to relax with."
,Recommended,523210,33754278,Posted: 23 July,all,CleeClee!,My favorite indie game of 20179/10
,Recommended,523210,33817148,Posted: 26 July,all,Nemi,"I love this type of game! Quite short, but sweet.If you like this, you might also like Orwell."
,Not Recommended,523210,33847373,Posted: 27 July,all,Leisher,"I agree with some other reviewer's sentiment that games like this one need a ""neutral"" option instead of thumbs up or down.My thumbs down vote is more about this not really being a game, but a very lightly interactive story.Let me touch on the good stuff first:-The story is laid out very well. Lots of attention was given to the details and kudos are deserved.-Also, the overall message is a positive one.Now for the bad:-You'll probably know what's going on pretty quickly, and from that point the story drags because now you're just waiting to get to the end.-The puzzles are ridiculously easy. I had the WiFi and first Luv account open before I even got to their in game hints.-This is more of a political message than a game. It's more story than interactive piece of art. I don't really mind that, but some might.-I actually think the advice you read towards the end is pretty hypocritical. It's, literally, encouraging the same behavior it condemned throughout the rest of the story.If you're looking for a traditional game, this isn't for you. If you're looking for a nice, short, lightly interactive story and don't mind the content, which you can see in most of the other reviews (I avoided the spoiler), give it a shot. (I'd wait for a Steam sale though. You can beat it in less than an hour.)Oh, and all the achievements are pretty easy to get if you're into that."
,Recommended,523210,33895680,Posted: 29 July,all,Evune,"Loved the music, and I was pleasantly surprised by the story! I won't spoil it, but I personally enjoyed it."
,Recommended,523210,33928413,Posted: 31 July,all,"def name = ""Zach""","Well I did write a review immediately after I finished the game, praising it, but then my internet went out so.. Im not rewriting it. Anyway, its good ^^"
,Recommended,523210,33398632,Posted: 9 July,all,Snailsby,"The most unrealistic thing about this game is that the websites load quickly when connected to public wifi.The story was all right, if a little predictable and short. I'm not much for puzzles or vn type games, but I enjoyed this one for what it was."
,Recommended,523210,34263145,Posted: 15 August,all,lambdadelta,"I've never reviewed a game in my life, but this just hit home so hard I couldn't help but cry when I was finished.Short, sweet, thought-provoking. Thank you for this."
76561198166578826,Recommended,523210,34303705,Posted: 17 August,all,Lena97,"It good, but it was to short for me. I hope they would add more on to this game in the future."
76561198037919726,Recommended,523210,34492321,Posted: 25 August,all,Lewiatan,This is a very good story that deals with and explains a very important topic. And i like this product for the story.But i wouldn't call this a game because the only thing You do is to find a few password's and this is all.
76561198031725579,Recommended,523210,34516127,Posted: 26 August,all,LG,"I recommend this, but with some reservations.Pros:+ Although it's more interactive fiction than a game, there are some nicely integrated ""figure out the password"" puzzles. But dang is Sam terrible at coming up with strong passwords. I did end up looking for a hint when it came to the calculator app - it turned out that I was going about that one completely the wrong way.+ Intriguing story, even though I already knew a big chunk of it due to one review's lack of spoiler tags. Parts of the story really got to me.+ It often does feel like really browsing message boards and looking through someone's phone.+ Nice music, although I turned it off pretty quickly so that I could concentrate better.Cons:- The artwork wasn't my cup of tea.- Going through the full story basically involves being creepy and intrusive. I wouldn't have felt comfortable doing the same things with a real lost phone that I did with Sam's.- The realistic aspects resulted in a lot of realistically boring text. I skimmed a lot of the message board posts and only looked through all the text messages because I thought I might be missing some details.- Although you can send one of Sam's draft emails, you can't compose your own emails or text messages. This interrupted the game's realistic feeling. I kept wanting to email Sam's friend and tell her I had the phone.- Overall, it's very short, and the ending felt sudden."
76561198264014565,Recommended,523210,34647019,Posted: 31 August,all,Mae,"Wow wow WOW?!I didn't excpected that at all from that game? I got stabbed in the back by my feels. How? How game, how can you do that?I won't spoil anything but damn, what a great surprise. I came for the spy like game, and got hit by the feels.What a beautiful game. Short, i must say, but really nice.Greatly recommend it.EDIT: forgot to mention that absolutely amazing soundtrack?!"
,Recommended,523210,34784784,Posted: 6 September,all,Bun Bun,"I don't know what to think about this game. Yes, I do recommend this game... mostly. The plot is a bit heavyhanded and as someone who didnt need the lecture, it kinda annoyed me. However, I could see it being nice for those who do need the lecture. I liked the puzzle-ing although some of it was very annoyingly unrelated. Like, it was a stretch to see the relation between the in-game clue and the answer. I adore this concept and I got it ages ago from a HumbleBundle, so it definitely was worth my time. The price is decent for what you get: a short game with fairly interesting gameplay."
,Recommended,523210,34883194,Posted: 11 September,all,Коммунист Кораль,"I really like this game, I think it is really good for this kind of thing to bbe out there, for it to be know of what people like us struggle with. I really appericiate the developer's for this and can really  relate to the game.  It was a good outline of events that have taken placce in my life. Thank you. I urge you to by this."
76561198055369748,Recommended,523210,35096250,Posted: 20 September,all,Secretfolo154,"If I ever have children, I hope they someday play this game.If you want to relax and go through a journey with someone, while solving minimal puzzles, this game is for you. It takes < 2 hours. I went over that because I kept wanting to hear different parts of the amazing soundtrack.This game is really educational and I enjoyed every bit of it."
,Recommended,523210,35247021,Posted: 27 September,all,Sweetstar87,A cute little reading game. If you love to read and enjoy snooping on phones. lol jk you will enjoy this game. It's short but very fun and entertaining it's interesting finding out all the secrets. It's kind of a sad little story but i really enjoyed it.
,Recommended,523210,35279770,Posted: 28 September,all,cheekiyaya,"Spent 3 hours on this short cute game with my husband :) Managed to finish all accomplishments, yay! Totally recommend this to those who are looking for a mini game to play and spend time with your spouse. Thumbs up! Can't wait for another lost phone <3"
76561198218343613,Recommended,523210,35276398,Posted: 28 September,all,Lady Morgana,"This game is lovely. Short, but definitely worth playing."
76561198286074850,Recommended,523210,35398266,Posted: 1 October,all,13ariley,Loved it! A fun puzzle game with a great message.
76561198216128620,Recommended,523210,35374261,Posted: 1 October,all,Misty,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,523210,35317741,Posted: 29 September,all,tjberger99,"Great game. Something I feel that everyone should play, and i wish there were more games like this."
,Recommended,523210,35404010,Posted: 1 October,all,Apoc,"A short but interesting idea exploring taboo subjects that should not be anymore in 2017.The game use your ability to mine data into puzzles to unlock more data and more story.It starts like a normal lost phone but, while exploring the privacy of the owner, you slowly understand why it was.The last puzzle actually explain everything if you were still unsure, nothing is left open. (Except the future I guess!)There are actually a good number of varied songs in the game and the genres felt fitting for this type of game.Life is Strange is mentioned as inspiration for the soundtrack and that's exactly what I though when I listened to it.It is not for everyone but, if you are open to new experiences and like more unusual games, it is enjoyable."
,Recommended,523210,35414717,Posted: 2 October,all,zaiya,"This game is simple, intriquing, and although it's a bit short it's completely worth the experience."
76561198244401624,Recommended,523210,35449647,Posted: 3 October,all,margaretkay4150,"A really interesting game, priced well, great soundtrack, and fascinating setup."
,Recommended,523210,35254975,Posted: 27 September,all,Maniac - csgoroll.com,"A Cool Game, Tiring, With a Denouement Entertaining."
,Recommended,523210,35307850,Posted: 29 September,all,Hallainzil,"This is a nice, sweet and sad story. The puzzle elements aren't particularly difficult, and mostly involve reading a lot of text to extract a few clues, but they work well because the story works well. It's not super complex, but it's pretty well told.It's a game you can comfortably complete in a single session, but worth the price."
76561198035577863,Recommended,523210,35466302,Posted: 4 October,all,Silverdoe,"This is a lovely little game.It is very simple and short. The story is interesting, dealing with something that is both realistic and perhaps a little sad but the ending was a nice surprise. I was expecting something tragic.One of the best parts of this game was the music. It has a nice little selection and they seem to fit the story very well, bonus they are really nice to listen to.I do recommend this game. It has a little bit of reading and it is short but the price is low enough and the story is interesting and clever enough to be worth it."
