user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,523780,32020066,Posted: 28 May,all,OG Hitler,> play the game>get the good ending> be happy> see the credits> realize that it was a game> lie down to the ground> try to not cry> cry a lot10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,523780,32042874,Posted: 29 May,all,SaSoGaming,I did everything rightand ended up in a relationship.Accidently said one tiny lie.Everything in my life crumbles apart.11/10 Real Life Simulator
,Recommended,523780,32071055,Posted: 30 May,all,Joeyer5,you can actually talk to multiple people in this one which is coolI've never had this many friends to talk to
,Recommended,523780,32008701,Posted: 27 May,all,Dean Winchester,"So this is a love letter to every highschooler who talked via IM's in the mid 2000's.It's a rollercoaster of emotions and it really pulls you in.I don't say this lightly, but it's a masterpiece!"
,Recommended,523780,32009778,Posted: 27 May,all,alaskanrocketslapper,"This is the only game that has actually been good enough to make me want to write a review. All for $5.00.Never thought I'd have to drink a beer over a virtual girl... ♥♥♥♥ing emily, man.Ohhhh God, this takes me back to high school. Almost cried from the memories this invoked. This game is... I don't know. I don't know how to explain it but they really managed to capture emotions through text and music. (TIP: keep the music they give you playing, it sets the mood really well.)The conversation options are very realistic and somehow convey emotions of nervousness, rethinking, by backspacing and rewording what you're going to say just like real life.Maybe it's PTSD from relationships, but it really took me back to the girls I used to talk to in high school, almost kind of makes me wish I was in high school again.It's like an interactive movie, you almost feel like you're a 16 year old boy again.I really did think this was going to be a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with cliche conversations that were like something like, a conversation you'd think up at night of how a talk with a girl the next day would go, or something completely unrealistic like one of those newgrounds dating simulations. No such thing in this game. The dialogue very likely could've been taken from some♥♥♥♥♥♥I have said before to girls. The responses too sometimes made me feel like♥♥♥♥♥♥ It feels like the characters are real people, hurting them hurts me, the suspense of not knowing when to lie, the ""away"" message coming up in the middle of a conversation truly makes you feel like you've ♥♥♥♥ed up.All I can say is, if you were around in the early 2000's and had a life, you will relate to this. Well worth the $5.00.This really makes me want to relive my high school days, ♥♥♥♥ man, back when the internet was simpler, it was actually texting and instant messaging, having conversations with people. It's just not the same anymore. It's an idea so simple, but for some reason is held close to my heart, maybe it's because of all the memories I have of people.This is the only game in years that has actually made me feel emotions. This is the type of substance I ♥♥♥♥ing expect out of a big league $60.00 game! And I can't get it! Kudos to this developer, seriously.Also, the music in my opinion is very good and well representative of 2006.You should buy thsi game."
,Recommended,523780,32550736,Posted: 18 June,all,Zowie,This game taught me how to hit on girls online. Not that i need it or anything but you know.. it's always good to have more knowlegde of your own gender. It really shows me what a hard time boys have talking to girls. I never knew that forgetting a girl's favorite music band  could have such big impact on a relationship.
,Recommended,523780,32063970,Posted: 30 May,all,Rhystic_One,"Emily is Away Too is the sequel to Emily is Away.The first game, which was free to play, was absolutely fantastic, especially because of its finale:no matter what you felt or what you wanted to do, your choices would always bring the same conclusion of you unable to say to Emily that you wanted to be more than friends, and her spending the summer with her boyfriend.But that was not because of ""lazyness"" by the developer: it was intentional, and in fact, towards the end of the game,even if you try expressing your feelings your character would delete what you wanted to say replacing the messages with generic questions. In my opinion, the intention was to deliver the message thatsometimes in life, especially when dealing with relationships with other people, there is simply nothing you can do except accepting other people's choices and move on.It was a very powerful ending that left me thinking about it for days after finishing the game, even if it was a short experience.Unfortunately, while playing this game I did not feel the same, powerful emotions that I did with the first one. This is because the game features several different endings, this time with two girls instead of just Emily, which isn't a bad thing per se, but it contrasts with the power of the message of the first one. Moreover, hereyou can actually achieve not one, but several ""good"" endings.I liked the integration with your desktop and browser, plus the many different references to artists, TV shows and movies from 10 years ago.There are still some ""twists"" present here, and if you make certain choices you will encounter situations similar to what you do in the first game, but as I said, I feel that they are not as effective as the original game.That does not mean this is a bad game by any means: I would still recommend it, especially for its low price, but make sure to download and play the previous one first. It's free, too!Rating: 7.0/10"
76561198015918648,Recommended,523780,32048631,Posted: 29 May,all,Theoretic,Don't lie okay kids? Or you'll end up heartbroken like me.
76561198236546602,Not Recommended,523780,32324160,Posted: 10 June,all,js3591,"Despite it’s flaws and simplicity, the original ‘Emily Is Away’ managed to capture a poignant snapshot of youth navigating relationships throughout the transition from high school to college, set entirely within a lovingly recreated AOL-like messenger system. It not only ignited imagination and nostalgia, but allowed itself to tell an emotionally engaging story in very low-tech yet aesthetic means. Through a storyline that’s arguably simple and cliche, the novel method of storytelling is able to shine, employing creative devices relevant to it’s context; the use of typing indicators to create suspense and convey hesitation, the occasional forced re-wording of idealistic dialogue choices which protagonist finds himself unable to go through with once it comes to hitting ‘send’, the difference between Emily or the protagonist being the first to initiate a conversation.Unfortunately, rather than improving on the original’s flaws and expanding on it’s successes, the follow-up game ‘Emily Is Away Too’ does the opposite, taking the original’s all too relatable slice of life, and rendering it a cheap Madonna/♥♥♥♥♥ dating sim.Instead of building a long-term, romantically-longing friendship with one quintessential-yet-characterised girl-next-door, you now get to pick your favourite girl between two, plodding through conversations that follow shamelessly identical formulas, simply swapping out “punk” for “alt,” “swell” for “grand” and “mature” for “virgin.”Outside of these one-dimensional characterisations, the first game’s storytelling devices are now bulldozed by uninspired dating sim mechanics. Both girls give you jarring pop quizzes on their personality traits to make sure you’ve been paying attention, both girls periodically summarise your common qualities in identical lists to establish how close you are to winning them over. And most cartoonishly, you’re eventually forced to pick your favourite in a sequence reminiscent of Root Beer Tapper, during which both girls suffer simultaneous yet unrelated crises and demand your attention in challengingly timed intervals.Considering the storytelling opportunities available through having a game take place entirely through text, and the converse lack of opportunity for interesting skill-based gameplay, it’s frankly baffling to me that the developers chose to go this rout when given the opportunity to expand this game.Rather than making the game's world feel fuller, the extra character introduced counter-intuitively makes the world feel so much smaller, raising the question of why the only people the protagonist seemingly ever talks to are two girls who (for the mostpart) don’t know each other, both of whom he may or may not be into, and both of whom constantly come to him with their problems as if they have no one else to talk to either.Conversely, the original game has a background cast of friends and romantic rivals who impact your relationship with Emily. While these people can never be directly spoken to, their presence in the main characters’ lives and their off-screen impact on game events paints a picture of the offline world in which the game takes place. But rather than using the opportunity to bring these kinds of characters further into the foreground, adding complexity by exploring the other types of people one typically talks to online, ‘Emily Is Away Too’ just hones in on the notion of talking to a crush and literally doubles down, thinning itself in the process and inevitably rendering at least one of the girls obsolete by the end of the game for all your trouble.Unlike the original game, which arguably relied too heavily on unseen events in between conversations to the detriment of player agency, ‘Emily Is Away Too’ does the opposite, giving little to no sense of how the characters engage with each other or anyone else outside of their mechanical chatbot-esque messaging, or that they really even speak outside of the few and far between vignettes that make up the game.While the original game may have been limited in it’s endings and some players may have felt shoehored into a situation that felt unearned, the game made do with what it could accomplish with endings that remained consistent to it’s core premise. ‘Emily Is Away Too’ capitalises on it’s greater developmental freedom by simply waterboarding players with an ending for every possible outcome regardless of whether it tells a compelling story, with the good endings feeling like a meaningless waste of time and the bad endings leaving you with a feeling of ‘hitting a bomb in Minesweeper’ moreso than ‘dealing with the consequences of being young, unthinking, and a little too eager to impress’ - something the game itself feels more guilty of in this watered down reincarnation.I highly recommend ‘Emily Is Away’. I can only recommend ‘Emily Is Away Too’ to curious people who enjoyed the original game and would have been happy to pay a few dollars for it."
,Recommended,523780,31984936,Posted: 26 May,all,Connor.,"I loved the first game, and the second builds upon it perfectly. I just completed my first playthrough which took me about two hours and it blew me away; in fact it was almost like an interactive movie in some senses.The best advice I have for this game is to keep the music that you are sent playing in the background: really immerse yourself in game as much as possible as it is what made the experience even more amazing for me.Definitely worth the purchase, I hope we can expect another game soon, perhaps set in 2011-2013."
,Recommended,523780,32109214,Posted: 1 June,all,Rellik,- Buy the game- Play the game- Get good ending with Evelyn- Feel happy- Realize it's not real- Try not to cry- Cry10/10
,Recommended,523780,32080263,Posted: 31 May,all,your mom goes to college,>am 26>havent had a girlfriend in 7 years>got Evelyn ending>I miss her11/10
,Recommended,523780,31981826,Posted: 26 May,all,хотеть,"10/10 ""Crushed my heart""It was really pleasing to see such a well made game, with realistic AI, and the fact that girls are hard to understand ;)+More windows+Interactivity+Hard decision+Actual real life situations+Long, repeatable gameplay-Not too much customization of info-Lack of interactivity in web pagesI would recommend because you are truly living a experience i would never forget, even if its a game. The bad things are just details, dont mind them. For 5$, its basically free."
,Recommended,523780,31995850,Posted: 27 May,all,н σ я s ι ε,didn't get nudes :(
,Recommended,523780,32043221,Posted: 29 May,all,Childish,Gotta keep reminding myself that it's just a game and not real life.
,Recommended,523780,32083307,Posted: 31 May,all,MewRu.,Punk4eva =]
,Recommended,523780,32005868,Posted: 27 May,all,waffletit,"This game (and the first -- to a lesser extent) inspired me to dig up some old some old IDE drives I have stored away in a safe.  Found an enclosure and booted up a /very/ old Maxtor 250GB drive, one I had throughout my highschool 'career'.  I remember using Trillian as opposed to the native AIM because of the extended/enhanced features, like automatically logging chats.  It's been a good ~13 or so years since highschool, and after 'playing' this one in particular, and thoroughly enjoying it, I figured I'd get a laugh out of all of the hilariously blown out-of-proportion teen speak that was emphasized here.I was wrong.  This game is spot on.  If you were in a teenager in the early or mid 2000s, you were this game.  Maybe you didn't use AIM or whatever, but you were definitely this game.My intention was to only look at a few chat logs - that didn't happen.  I ended up spending hours reflecting, cringing, almost bringing myself to sobs.  I was the protagonist in this game, many times, and there were many Evelyn's and Emily's.  I had been hurt, had triumphed, hadn't known what the hell was going on -- had lied to gain favor -- everything.The game is very simple by design.  Despite this, it manages to take you back into time where the Internet was a much simpler place and the line between good intention and malice was stowed away behind a low-res text window.  Social media, nowadays, it's nigh impossible to truly hide from someone.  Back in the days of AIM, Yahoo! Messenger, ICQ, and MSN, seeing someone's away message pop up in the middle of a conversation was a most tragic thing.  Did I screw up?  Is the person actually away?  Will I get a response back?tl;drAn awesome, albeit short experience.  If you were a teen in the early-to-mid 2000s, you can almost be gauranteed to relate, and then reflect.  Worth the ~5USD, certainly."
,Recommended,523780,31979682,Posted: 26 May,all,crumpet,More like Emily Broke my Heart Too
,Recommended,523780,32022741,Posted: 28 May,all,Leonardo Threeinchie,Relive your awkward teenage years again.
,Recommended,523780,31977777,Posted: 26 May,all,Tris,"At least I can't get friendzoned in games..oh wait, I just did"
76561198098402836,Recommended,523780,33827253,Posted: 27 July,all,aqfanjames,">Played this game>Brings back high school memories>Realize you're a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥back then, still kinda am>This game feels like repentance>Made good in-game choices>Got good ending>Feelsgoodman 20/10"
,Recommended,523780,32079081,Posted: 30 May,all,Wolfilla,"Emily is Away Too made me remember things I'd wish I'd forgotten, and feel things I wish I hadn't.Improves on the original in almost every way, and does a fantastic job of putting you back a decade to the days of MSN and IM.For £3.99 you can hardly go wrong, pick it up and support the dev."
76561198249351480,Recommended,523780,32042669,Posted: 29 May,all,The Rated R Porno Star,"I played the first game so I wanted to give the second game a try as well. I'm really glad I did because this game is much better than the first. First off, your choices actually matter in this one. Second, you have two choices of who you want to be with potentially Emily and Evelyn. Seeing as I still ♥♥♥♥ing hate that name Emily because of the first game I chose to be with Evelyn throughout the game (had more in common with her anyways). I won't spoil anything else, but I would recommend this game."
,Recommended,523780,32036896,Posted: 29 May,all,u > me,this game made me nothing but sad at the end.i just wanted to be happy with emily and the other girl got in the way and i didnt want to let her down but i wanted to focus on emily.then at the end i realiozed how pathetic i was for actually caring about the people in the game and now im really sad.>10/10
,Recommended,523780,34111218,Posted: 8 August,all,Ragido,"This game ♥♥♥♥ed my feelings and now after i finished it iam writing this review while cryingthis game is an amazing game, like must buy game, but just to let you know, your feelings, your life everything will be ♥♥♥♥ed after it, its just so sad the ending that i and 37% of players got. like for a moment you will think its gonna be amazing and you will start to be the happiest person on earth, then suddenly everything will be♥♥♥♥♥♥just to remind you, every ♥♥♥♥ing word is important. be careful what you choose.♥♥♥♥ my life ♥♥♥♥ everything iam going to take a break from videogames"
,Recommended,523780,33612361,Posted: 17 July,all,Lionroar123,*plays to chapter 3* *missed 1 message* *causes a chain of events ruining my relationship 1 year latyer* Would play crippling depression simulator again.5/7
,Recommended,523780,32966698,Posted: 28 June,all,Morty,Lie downTry not to cryCry a lot
,Recommended,523780,32064113,Posted: 30 May,all,leader of antifa,there is no way oblivion is that old of a game
76561198079960652,Recommended,523780,34626859,Posted: 30 August,all,Vex,"Just like the first game, it made me depressed, so it continues to do it's job pretty well."
76561198216034139,Recommended,523780,32245499,Posted: 7 June,all,ohthatpie,If you cant find a real girlfreind this is the game for you
,Recommended,523780,33626127,Posted: 18 July,all,sneezebot,"WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD! Also this review gets kind of sappy, so like, beware lol.This game is very personal for me. I myself am pretty young, having been these character's ages not too long ago myself. I didn't really have monumentous expectations for this game, I only picked it up because I felt the first one was a neat proof of concept. I got through the first chapter, was impressed enough, and just kind of thought it would stick to that charming AoL chat simulator thing it had going on for the remaining few chapters. But it was in the second chapter I began realising, wait, I've been here before. Like, not on AoL, I missed that age by a few years. No, I'd been in these friendships. And I'd felt these things for these exact people. Well, not LITERALLY them - people who were just like them. People I KNEW. They represented people who breathed, and existed tangibly, and I KNEW. And as every chapter did its thing, and carried me further into this all too familiar story, I started to get nervous. I knew what was coming at the end, even if I'd felt like I'd done everything I'd needed to do to avoid it. Like, I was honestly tracing back and forth in my mind, ""Have I done something wrong? Did I ever let her down, was I making it too much about me in one chapter?"" I didn't even really think about how silly that was, to be so concerned about fictional girlfriends, and hell putting it like that it does sound pretty pathetic. I wasn't really concerned about whether I'd illed Evelyn, I was concerned because Evelyn was a photocopy of someone I dated when I was young, and I dated this video game character like I'd dated them, and I knew how that went down. And sure enough, there I was, in chapter 5 - I was reliving the worst breakup of my life all over again.  That's a good argument, I think, for this game demonstrating writing that exceeds good, because it captures real people in ways that only good games with good writers can. It's all really sappy, but I think it's supposed to be. Love is, really, usually pretty sappy and messy and pretentious. And this game gets that, and it gets it using only two characters, two chat boxes, and some fake websites.Toby, sorry I ♥♥♥♥ed everything up, and I'm sorry that it had to had to be you who suffered that. I hope youre happier now."
,Recommended,523780,32000740,Posted: 27 May,all,mrjodicow,"So much better than the almost perfect original! I have been waiting forever to relive heartbreak and the throb of lost love and now I can! Also released on my birthday, so a perfect present indeed.10/10 would cry myself to sleep for weeks on end again."
,Recommended,523780,32612622,Posted: 21 June,all,blues_barry,Well my honesty gives me a good outcome in game but doesn't work in real life. Thanks.
,Recommended,523780,31981668,Posted: 26 May,all,Chef Jeff,"Time to start drinking again. Thanks alot Evelyn, thanks..."
,Recommended,523780,32065606,Posted: 30 May,all,Nismo,This game made me reflect on my past three lonely years and want to change my life.It's been in my head all day. Made me happy and sad at the same time.11/10
76561198070830250,Recommended,523780,32091609,Posted: 31 May,all,Ivan,This game is awesome.It showed me how alone I am.Now i'm mildly depressed. But that's ok. I'll come over it.
,Recommended,523780,32014009,Posted: 28 May,all,lexithesalsashark,"Why is a video game causing me this much pain!?I waited for this game. I knew what it was going to do to me. I knew it wouldn't end well, but I still played. I still made the choice to buy it- and look at me now. I'm sitting at my computer sulking over my fake failed relationship, cursing Emily's name.10/10 I'll play this again in hopes that it won't destroy me emotionally."
,Not Recommended,523780,32167349,Posted: 3 June,all,JASe,"timer part was really stupid. took away from the flow and feel of the game. I understand what they were trying to go for, but it really messed up the game, and erased all the progression because the main character wants to write paragraphs for what we thought would be a single sentence."
76561198172404203,Recommended,523780,32598843,Posted: 20 June,all,Roger //,"Great come back from the original (very successful) game. More interest building-flow through this re-worked continuation/New story. Hoping to see another game, maybe continuing even further and slowly changing towards a more known internet of today?Cheap must have game in my opinion if you have a few hours to spare. 10/10 for me"
76561198069159152,Recommended,523780,32611811,Posted: 21 June,all,wrb41977,"This game is interesting... (I really need to choose another term than ""interesting"" some time.) Anyway, this game takes a different path than Emily is Away, in that you are actually playing someone entering their senior year in high school who has two female friends that he chats with on-line. About midway through the tale, a time crunch begins, as both girls need your help with relationship issues... and you won't be able to keep up with both.Depending on your choices, you can end up with both as friends, breakup at the end of summer, or... try to go the distance (even when going to different colleges).It is a fun little game. Do try it."
76561198079607695,Recommended,523780,34138560,Posted: 9 August,all,~Yhon Yenry~,"Spoiler free review! Both for this game and the first!Now to start off this review is that I got this game for like 2 dollars on the steam market, off sale right now it is 5 dollars. This may seem like a lot for a simple click and typing game yet that is not the case, here is how I view it. People will pay millions to own pieces of art, millions more to have custom pieces of art, and normal people will pay like 20 dollars to go into an art museum. This game is only 5 dollars and many, including myself, would consider this game a work of art. Not that it's visually appealing to the eyes or anything, but that it tells a simple story, one of love, in a masterful style. So please before you read further into this review don't let the price of the product in mention deter you from purchasing it, there are plenty of Triple A games at 60 dollars that tell little to no story and have mediocre gameplay at best.Now I personally haven't played the first game before this one, I saw this game on sale for cheap and I enjoyed the aesthetic of the 2006 era and the IM gameplay mechanic so I picked it up. I didn't play it right away but I wished I had since I enjoyed it so much. I went into this game expecting little which is how everyone who plays it should, this will provide you with little to be disappointed on. How the previously aforementioned Triple A games thrive on hype and expectations this game does the opposite, feasting on a player cluelessness for the mechanics and how to interact with fellow characters, which may or may not come back to bite you in the end.The gameplay is rather simplistic, talk to two girls. Simple stuff like what music they like, what games they enjoy, what they do in their free time, past relationships, sexual history. You talk to just two, Emily and Evelyn, I'm not going to share their characteristics since that's for the player to find but they vary so differently that any person should be able to relate to at least one of them. This game has 5 chapters each relatively long, the game makes use of every chapter very well for character exposition but three stand out. The first chapter is when you first meet these girls and start forming opinions, the third is the height of the story where you have to make a choice, and lastly, you end at five where it all comes to an end.I've played this game a total of three times, each time coming in at around 4 hours. The first playthrough I never once took a break and completed it in one sitting, I received a relatively good ending but no matter which character one ends up they always ask the same question at the end. For the sake of spoilers, I won’t say it since I myself wasn’t exactly prepared for it and it’s best if you aren’t either. The question is quite a simple one, dealing with the relationship of said character and how long it would last. There are two choices. Neither has an easy answer, with knowledge with a long standing relationship would tell you.I chose the one that everyone picked, according to the ending and the statistics that it gives every player. 97.3% of players chose the same as me, yet it felt wrong, that the other option was better, that is what this game is so great at doing. Emily is Away Too Harnesses the power of player’s past relationships, which allows for these same players to constantly argue what is the best option, it also harnesses one’s preference in a girl.I replayed a second time, wishing to go for the other girl and to get the ending right with the correct answer to the “Question”. However this playthrough I feel flat, I hadn’t really grasped gameplay mechanics, which was ultimately my downfall. I ended with no relationship, on both sides of the spectrum, I had no friends or any girlfriend at the end of this playthrough. This ultimately left me feeling as empty as I did with my first playthrough, if not more.I replayed for a third time, which this game highly encourages, to get my “Goldilocks Ending” where everything is perfect. I took some self-discipline to beat the game for the third time when little to nothing changes, but I got through to the ending. At the ending of it all, with my new love interest, she sprung the “Question” this time I was prepared for and I answered right this time.The ending song that I love so much “LCD Soundsystem-All of My Friends” purely because of this game. I cried a little, shed a few tears, and started writing this review. I can’t say how much I love this game, I would recommend this to anyone who has had some form of love that didn’t work in their life. Whether it be a secret crush that you didn’t have the courage to admit, or a perhaps a long-lasting relationship that seemingly ended for no reason, maybe a relationship right now that has some hardship. Although I give this game a lot of praise and so do others for the sake of yourself and the game, do not expect too much and you will learn to love it as I did."
76561198365103869,Recommended,523780,32015530,Posted: 28 May,all,Lecter,"I started playing, okay, it's a light story about high school love.Then I had to make choices, and the consequences eventually did catch on and they left me emotionally wasted.In the end, I just wanted to start fresh and make things right.10/10 Must lie better."
76561198057766543,Not Recommended,523780,32100050,Posted: 31 May,all,Rollingpin,"Spoilers aheadI do not recomend because, though the game is pollished, I ended up frustrated with the game, and how it forced me to play, in 3 diffrent occassions. The following paragraph is a rant as to why people like me should avoid the game. The second paragraphs is why people who dont care for roleplaying as much should buy this game 5 times over.I know I'm going against popular oppinion here but I'd suggest playing the first one, the first one had you interacting witha character and it all worked out, but in two diffrent situations this game it forces your chracer to be a specific way, and in this case, against what I wanted to do. There is a segment where you need to reply unnessessarily fast in order to make one of your contacts upset with you and another moment where your forced to start dating one without intening to. Then aparently our relationship was built on the fact that I liked the idea of settling down and the idea of going it alone as well, the game once again forces you to act a specific way and admit I lied not allowing me an option to just be me and that all things I said were true. The reason I do not recomend playing this game is purley because there is a free version that alows you to stay in whatever role you want, where this game forces you to roleplay a chracer with diffrent thoughts than you AND you dont know what those thoughts are until you messed up, you need to play multiple times just so you know how to not screw things up by going against your own chracter, cant say i'm a fan of this new method.There is also a chance that many of you are fine with trial and error play methods. People who arent like me and need to know who they are roleplaying and are fine with messing up not by choice. For those people this game is worth buying 5 times over, its improved in everything you could imagine and added new features to make it feel like your actually on a desktop back in the day, its very awesome and I just wished they made the roleplay fluid."
76561198058883564,Recommended,523780,32153421,Posted: 3 June,all,edvencirtaym,"-play this game-see the good ending(evelyn rock!)-be happy-then realize it's just a game-go to the bathroom-turn the tap cold or hot its your choise-then go into the shower and crouch down and bury your head between your knees-cry a lotif you alone in your life and want to be happy for a short time,play this game."
,Not Recommended,523780,32237632,Posted: 7 June,all,Benson⎝͠҉̭̫͖̗ͅ,"Look, I love the whole platform with the classic 2000's AOL instant messenger. I love the new feature of how the developer made these clones of the old youtube site, and attempted to make it into the older version of what it was before. That was really awesome and really added to the experience of the whole game. I've also played the first and I absolutely loved it. Espically when you got sent footage of warped tour that was pretty cool!But... the plot for this was honestly disapointing.==SPOILERS BELOW==The chapter where its basically Emily being angry at you for not responding in two seconds is the worst thing ever. It's not... I don't if I should use ""realistic"" but since it is a simulation. It's not realistic, I've litereally never met a girl in my life who litereally says goodbye to a friendship for not responding within 2 - 3 seconds.And the ending is again, honestlydisapointing.== HEAVY SPOILERS == EVELYN ROUTE ==Evelyn, I don't think she understands that choices/decisions can change over the years/months/weeks/days or really in this case, seasons. I mean she basically ends the relationship, why? Because according to her, US! (the players), had ""manipulated"" her by lying to get closer to her. This makes no sense at all, she uses one point weather it'slying about your virginity, lying about if you want to settle down or not, if you drank,etcI just feel this isn't very realistic at ALL. There was no win for that route, as she ends such a perfect relationship over whatever option you chose that was different for both of them.On the other hand, I do want to really thank the creators for introducing  me to Senses Fail, such a great and underrated band. :')"
,Not Recommended,523780,32118660,Posted: 1 June,all,Halfbit_,"Alright, so, I had a tough time giving this game a bad review.  I liked the game until the ending. And I was ready to feel crushed by Emily finding some reason to break up with me, and Evelyn hating me. But I didn't, The rest of this is a spoiler, hover over the black bars with your mouse to see the rest.The ending didn't make sense, she broke up with me because I lied to Evelyn about not being a virgin, I was so ready to feel so sad but I didn't, because it was so unrealistic I ended up just hating Emily and Evelyn because of them doing this. Sorry but I can't give this game a positive review with such a poorly made ending. I thought ""Maybe getting closure with Evelyn by teller her 'You ruined my relationship, up yours'"" but I wasn't even granted that. Thank you devs for a great experience, except for the ending."
,Recommended,523780,32274948,Posted: 8 June,all,hed est un zombie,Didn't know you could get nostalgic for the year 2006.
,Recommended,523780,31984112,Posted: 26 May,all,Wendy,"4th wall breaking,like downloading things to your desktop sending you to actual websites!Really enjoyable for the great price!it's really hard to talk to two annoying girls at once."
,Recommended,523780,32008050,Posted: 27 May,all,Think Tank,"Emily Is Away Too, despite featuring a character named Emily and toting a similar interface to the free-to-play first installment in the franchise, is a completely different story to its predecessor. You interact with two girls, Emily (a different person to the one in the original) and Evelyn, over an AOL lookalike, and over the course of the game you will go through gut wrenching plot choices, rapid quick time events and a sense of nostalgic wonder all through two chatboxes, as you traverse through this perfect snapshot of early 2000s culture. The multiple, vastly different endings are all worth getting to, and despite some repetition in dialogue across the different branches (most notably in Chapter 3 where the two different NPCs can spout the exact same lines of dialogue the other would have said had you taken a different path) each pathway through the game is gripping and entertaining. Also, the song they picked for the ending fits absolutely perfectly. Play this as soon as possible. 10/10"
,Recommended,523780,34346894,Posted: 19 August,all,King,"in 2007, there is S.T.A.L.K.E.R profile picture icon.10/10 would cheeki breeki on EOL again."
76561198036226043,Recommended,523780,32024210,Posted: 28 May,all,gemostarlet,"seriously, ****. you. Emily."
,Recommended,523780,32049391,Posted: 29 May,all,Suicidal Thoughts,"This game was so great, I was so into it for so many hours. Will definitely  be playing all endings later on. Worth every penny !"
,Recommended,523780,32357921,Posted: 11 June,all,WhirtyGetsDirty,"Fun game, nice that there's more than just Emily to chat to this time."
,Recommended,523780,32030576,Posted: 28 May,all,PNxBwood,"I'm going to start by saying I don't know how I truly feel about Emily is Away Too. I played Emily is Away when it first came out, and I absolutely loved the game. It felt nostalgic, fresh, and actually made me ""feel"" for my virtual persona through every chapter of the game. There were very few moments in Emily is Away when the chat felt slightly unrealistic, but for the most part it felt extremely genuine.Of course, hearing there would be a second iteration of this game, I was sure to buy it as soon as possible. I've played through two playthroughs, and I can say I'm sadly not nearly as impressed as I thought I would be. There are some cool gimmicks that the developer integrated such as dropping files onto your real computer desktop and the mock-youtube/facebook pages. I actually really liked that extra bit of immersion, which helps break the imaginary wall between a video game and reality. I feel as if the addition of communicating with two characters was also well-done, but with more to be desired.Here is my biggest, and arguably most important, gripe of the game: the lack of reality and depth in dialogue. I feel like this time around the dialogue feels incredibly fake and clearly variable-based at times. As with Emily is Away, your decisions in this game change the course of the rest of the playthrough. In Emily is Away, this was much less noticable in the chat dialogue compared to how it is in Emily is Away Too. In a game that's root gameplay comes from story and dialogue, I feel like this is too big of an issue to ignore. There are times when either Evelyn or Emily would reiterate back to you what you chose in previous chapters, almost verbatim. I can understand why Kyle, the developer, decided to do this, but it just felt unrealistic. If you play Emily is Away Too, you'll notice what I mean. I believe that solely because of that, I just didn't feel the heartwrenching story like I did from Emily is Away.I know my opinion may not be a popular one, but I wouldn't recommend Emily is Away Too over Emily is Away (If you haven't played the first one yet). Maybe if you didn't play the first one, the second would be more heartfelt, but I can't comment on that. Emily is Away Too is full of unlockables, well-coded and designed, integrated ""barrier-breaking"" immersion, and the story is still going to capture players through the very end. For players looking for a story-driven game, yes - Emily is Away Too is well-done and I would recommend it. With all of that being said, I would still highly recommend players play the first game(which is also free) over the second, if they are looking for a better story-driven experience."
,Recommended,523780,34582754,Posted: 29 August,all,Kain Klarden,"Emily is Away Too is a very curious story-driven ""internet messenger simulator"", so to speak. It's a paid sequel to an earlier free project Emily is Away, and has the same basic premise - exploring how friendship/relationships evolve and change as time flies. While the original game was a bit finicky and was a bit harder to suspend disbelief or care about characters due to the yearly gaps in conversations, the sequel enhances the basic idea to something truly amazing. First of, you don't need to pretend-type now with the option to just auto-fill your replies, which makes it feel less tedious and more in pace with the events. Secondly, it makes the gaps in conversations much shorter and each chapter more meaningful by having two main contacts/characters to interact with.Now, you may, as I have, still have some troubles just due to the nature of the game - as someone who's friendships and even relationships spent a lot of time in online talking in messengers of various kinds, as someone who never considered internet a separate thing and as someone who's musical choices go more in line with the avatars in the game rather than choices you can actually set for preferences, there are moments where I just went ""ugh"", because the game was forcing me to be a character, rather then a virtualised version of me, which the whole narrative really wanted to achieve. But, despite all that, despite the inability to juggle two person's issues in the game (something that I managed to do in real life at times -_-), I cared. I really REALLY cared. The story was exaggerated and went along rather strict rails depending on strict choices you can do, sure. But it felt like an expert from life, just something that could've happened and something that actually happened in one or another way. And for that, especially given the very low price of the game, I cannot recommend giving Emily is Away Too a go enough - you should give it a few hours of your life. Either to experience something you never had, or to re-experience echos of something that you might've. Or even find something that is happening with you right now."
,Recommended,523780,33125241,Posted: 2 July,all,Jkiller,"Great story ,really love it.Ps : don't lie to a girl"
76561198103300067,Recommended,523780,32081933,Posted: 31 May,all,aghanbing,"Felt the first one was better in the sense thatyou don't need a good ending for a game to be good.Knowing I had multiple choices kinda made it feel different from the first game and more like just another dating sim/visual novel which i can game the ending.Would have preferred to have a proper save feature. Am a bit lazy to go through the game again from Chapter 1 because of one conversation choice.Don't lie kids, its bad for you.To be honest, this game really hits me where it hurts. Because I'm a manipulative ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.I guess my bad ending will eventually come to me in real life too.But I enjoyed the game a lot. It's much more fleshed out than the first one. The dialogues are much more natural and smooth (though could be even better, Emily was away three anybody?). Theconstanttabbing i had to do inchapter 3was superrrr fun (and tiring) and was a very nice touch of realism. Well at least to me anyways since I kinda experienced that before. The song links were also a very nice touch, I felt it set the mood pretty well. I got to know some pretty good songs from there too thanks.All in all I enjoyed the game immensely. Was a great trip back to my teenaged years. Thanks for the ride devs!"
76561198037141151,Not Recommended,523780,32096070,Posted: 31 May,all,ProfessorWhiskey,"So going into this game I was worried.They slapped a five dollar price tag on their sequal, to a game that I like. But looking at the original, I though to myself I would not have bought it, even as much as I enjoyed it. So if they expect me to buy their sequal, it oughta be damn good!And... it's not.The ""choices"" you make in this game aren't even choices really. They're more you just answering questions the girls ask you. These questions include asking if you're a virgin, if you drink and if you'd ever want to settle down and make a family. The only real ""choice"" in the game is to answer the same to both girls, as in do you give the same answers to both of them? If so, great! You get the good ending. If not, boo-hoo. You get the bad ending where they call you out and it's sad.And that's about the whole game. I got the bad ending my first run because I told the girl I didn't like as much (Evelyn) that I was a virgin, but told the girl I liked more (Emily) I wasn't. I did this because I was not comfortable telling Evelyn that I had banged before. So at the end of the game when Emily is willing to stop talking to me because of that, I didn't feel sad or like crying, I felt like I'd just gone through some bs. What makes the game worse is that after Chapter 3 it doesn't really matter which girl you chose because they both behave and talk the same.To be clear, even looking past the lack of choices, the game's story sucks. Girls ask you questions, you can lie to one of them and they'll find out, then they'll break up with you. That's it. The original had a much more interesting story and did not try to disguises itself as some 'choose your own adventure game', it was linear and it had a good, sad story.Tl;dr, the game is very linear, you don't really have any choices to make at all and even beyond that the story isn't very good. Lie to girl, girl get mad, the end.Some pros would be the immersion is really good, you really do feel like you're in 2006 chattin' up some babes. The addition of 'YouToob' and 'Facenook' were neat."
,Not Recommended,523780,32515162,Posted: 17 June,all,PizzaEater20,"*May contain spoilers*I can't recommend this game.It starts off cool and stuff... you make your way through it and it's all nice.Then the timers come into the mix.I'm ok with this mechanic but why did the girls act like it's the end of the world if I don't respond for literally 2 seconds?""I thought you would be there for me and you weren't""What are you even talking about? I didn't respond for 2 seconds and you become mad? and I wasn't there for you?Oh you want to be friends again? oh well ok it's not like I have a choice.Oh cool now I'm dating this girl who didn't get mad at me! niceOh suddenly she doesn't wanna date me anymore because I lied about wanting a family and settling down long ago?I didn't but ok now I'm a liar and everything I say could be a lie.The End...Let's try that again.I do the exact same thing but a single choice is diferrent.Now we lived happily ever after. yay.The end...It seems like the girls have the exact same endings as each other. a good ending and a bad ending.I regret playing it twice to get the good ending because it was pretty much the exact same thing only a little different at the end. doesn't seem like you have many options.I did like some points of the game. Like opening websites, downloading things to your desktop (and some of the dialogue was good too). but other than that it was just boring, frustrating and disappointing"
,Recommended,523780,32053304,Posted: 29 May,all,SaltyDude,"If you haven't played Emily is Away, I recommend playing that as well. (It's free, so try it and see if you like it before buying this one!)This is a very enjoyable sequel that is definitely worth your time and money. It offers multiple endings, several easter eggs. and it feels a lot more interactive than it's predecessor. It made me feel emotions and actually made me care for the characters that I was instant messaging.I've played through the game two times so far. So each playthrough was roughly two hours each for me.I FINALLY GOT EMILY. BEST GAME EVERBut take it from someone who had their heart broken... If you want the grills. Don't lie... Not even the smallest white lie."
76561198027961805,Recommended,523780,32099103,Posted: 31 May,all,Bane902,"told one of them that settling down sounds like a good idea, and the other that I didnt want kids and according to the game I'm manipulative sack of♥♥♥♥♥♥that lies about everything and they both hate me right now because of that.¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
,Recommended,523780,34298753,Posted: 16 August,all,Kohatsu,"Buyed this because i wanted the piece of my heart that Emily is Away took it from me.I end up losing another piece, but that was my fault, because i ♥♥♥♥ed it up.10/10 would do that again"
,Recommended,523780,32028904,Posted: 28 May,all,D.Va <3,"This is the saddest game i played so far, I guess it changed my life in few things. I felt so happy while playing 4th chapter and then 5th chapter changed everything.also im never going to date girls called Emily10/10 game Highly recommended"
,Recommended,523780,32037389,Posted: 29 May,all,Kayotic,This is the Number One Game I've played in a while I have never felt that level of joy and pain in one sitting before and i loved it to death my new favorite game! 10/10 would DEFINITELLY recomend.
,Recommended,523780,34202502,Posted: 12 August,all,petero9,Played like I was an insecure teen like the charactersRuined my relationships10/10
76561198075802996,Recommended,523780,32537047,Posted: 18 June,all,F Bomb,"Very long feel trip in a small game, nice."
76561198322105870,Recommended,523780,34627518,Posted: 30 August,all,Noyjoy,High school angst simulator 2007. Would get dumped again for stupid reasons. 10/10 *goes back to listening to TOOL*
76561198326907681,Recommended,523780,32481789,Posted: 16 June,all,420 blaize it,"i enjoyed a large part of the game, only minor complaint is the time limit on some of the dialogues"
,Recommended,523780,32136694,Posted: 2 June,all,Sombiez*,Not recommended if you love happy endings
,Recommended,523780,32004460,Posted: 27 May,all,Mistheil,You know things just got real when you have to inhumanely chat to two people at once.10/10 my keyboard broke.
,Recommended,523780,32042581,Posted: 29 May,all,[FMG] Plasma43,Amazing absolutly amazing. Could not put it down. rode the rollercoaster of emotions all the way to the end. so many memories from 06/07. 10 out of 10 would play this again.The game has you hooked from the first line of text and holds you all the way to the end. the inclusion of music and pictures and downloads just bring it all together. I felt like I was back in 2006 again.
,Recommended,523780,32391598,Posted: 13 June,all,Jay X,"Alright, let's get into it, shall we?First off, let me preface this with the fact that I have played the first, enjoyed it, heard about the second, got a little hyped, bought the second and enjoyed the second as well. Obligatory background aside, let's get started, or if you hate reading, and boy there's gonna be a lot of it here, feel free to scroll down to the TL:DR.Nostalgia City, Admit OneEiA2, much like the first, is a love letter to the internet of old, with a faithful, if slightly tongue-in-cheek parody of the old AOL days of the internet, and the sheer amount of effort into creating fully detailed spoof online sights on the *real* internet is a move that I've rarely seen in games, and it's a nice refreshing supplement to the general atmosphere that this game tries to achieve, complete with fake banner ads and even musical tastes that were accurate to those years, which really helps cement the idea that ""Hey, remember when ____ was really big?"" So right off the bat, if you don't particularly enjoy the idea of having a game set in the messengers of old, then maybe don't buy this game, as a lot of the enjoyment comes from re-living the eras.What's Better Than One? Two!While the first game had brief opportunities to be able to chat with other characters, they were just that: brief. In EiA2, however, you are immediately greeted with 2 characters: Emily, yes, the one from the first game, and Evelyn, the slightly moody, into-punk-rock-and-is-probably-really-edgy teenager that's shares a class with you. The two girls themselves don't interact with each other and hence don't know each other. This then creates a situation where you'll often have to juggle between the two in order to chat. Now this is where the game gets a little sly with you. You are fully expected to get in the role as an akward high-school student and have tastes and preferences to things, which in some instances may correspond to each girl's own tastes as well, in things such as favourite movie genres or music. This therefore means that trying to ""game"" the system and attempt to pursue both girls by essentially pretending to be two different people is not only something I would discourage as it detracts from the experience of the game, but it is also something that is both impossible as a result of the writing and without spoilers, something that the game itself actually punishes you for later on. No polyamorous relationships here, I'm afraid.Spoiler-Free Ending(s) Thoughts & VerdictI thought the endings were alright, and at least with EiA2, the fact that there were multiple endings added a small degree of replayability, thought ultimately there wasn't anything revolutionary in terms of endings, but then again, I wouldn't have expected too much out of a game that is quite ostensibly a retro chat simulator. As a result, and it may be just me, I felt that all of the endings lacked the sort of emotional punch that comes from reaching an ending as inconclusive and frustrating as the first one did, but that's probably me drawing parallels because it's something that I've experienced in real life, which is why the first game's ending resonated more with me than any of these endings.TL:DRThe Good:+Perfect retro nostalgia, complete with little pixel art avatars of pop-culture references for every year+Revamped dialogue system, more interactive, meta use of real internet and your computer+Fairly accurate teenage behaviour, they're moody teens, what did you expect, Shakespeare?The Bad [SUBJECTIVE, DON'T GET TRIGGERED]:-Lacks the ""frustration"" that the first one had, ergo leading to a perhaps weaker ending than imagined-Fairly limited branching into alternate endings.Suggestions for Dev:~Would be great to see some community made stories with an open-source dialogue system, to extend life-time and longevity, or to release additional, perhaps paid, expansionary stories further down the line to help flesh out character backgrounds, etc.~Game seems to be targeted at males, possibility of swapping out player gender and Emily and Evelyn to male characters? I'm personally a straight male, so I have no idea how the game feels from a different perspective.Overall:It's a cheap game, fun to reminisce about the old internet, with a lot of pop-culture flair thrown in, would recommend it as an experience. If you haven't played the first, it's alright, there's not a whole lot of carry-over storywise anyway."
,Recommended,523780,32060805,Posted: 30 May,all,Dalek:.,"""99.9% of all relationships end in a trainwreck."" -Keith HodgeOverall, a good little time waster for what it's worth, and expands slightly more than the first game, but could have been a lot bigger with more dialogue choices, people to talk to, use of a desktop, maybe sending viruses and files to people to try and freshen things up a little? I don't know.[Good]-Longer than the first game (around 2 and a half to 3 hours)-Good value for price-Parody web pages which have embedded stuff from the actual internet-Extra content to go through once you've finished the game-Multiple endings[Bad]-Not all links and content on the webpages are interactive-After first playthrough it can be a little boring afterwards-Only 3 choices of dialogue + there were two moments of me thinking ""I don't want to say either of those things, I want more choices""-You're a bit screwed if you don't have internet playing this game."
,Recommended,523780,32035015,Posted: 28 May,all,whoistylerkiz,"I'm only about halfway throught this game but I had to come here to write my review. There has never been a game in the history of games that has emotionally moved me as much as just 1 hour of this game. I've smiled ear-to-ear, felt panges of sadness and the excitement you feel when talking to a crush.I know it's 100% the nostalgia factor, but Emily is Away Too perfectly captures the early 2000's high schooler tabbing between conversations with friends, developing feelings for someone (or maybe more than one someone) and trying not to be awkward. Subtle things help to really immerse you in the experience. For instance, deleting the text and retyping a different response when you select a response that is so painfully flirty/awkward.Mostly, the throwback to better days leaves you with a huge hole in your heart. You know that things will never be the same but this game is a good way to remember how things used to be."
,Recommended,523780,32071195,Posted: 30 May,all,Zinx,"In the past, I watched Markiplier play all the entirety of the first ""Emily is Away"" game.  I thought it was quite amazing and very good—especially for a free game—even if it was fairly short.  When I saw the first episode of Jacksepticeye's playthrough of ""Emily is Away Too"", I was completely surprised on how much more immersive and detailed this one seemed to be.  This game clearly was going for immersion and emulating the feeling of living in the era where the internet was about to hit its growth spurt.  This game had so much going for it.One of the things that I noticed right away from it was the nice multiple person talking mechanic.  In the first ""Emily is Away"", it was always just you and Emily—nothing more, nothing less.  In this game, however, it was more than just you and Emily speaking.  It made it feel more dynamic and more immersive as it approaches to hit the classic AIM feel.  The conversations within the AIM parody also felt fairly geniune and realistic; to a fair degree that is considered.  The biggest part that moved me was the realization that I cannot make everyone truly happy.  Conflictions can and will occur—just like in real life.  Upon realizing that, it really warped my playthrough for the better as I was struggling with all my might trying to make everyone as happy as can be to me focusing on a select person(s).Overall, if you are one to enjoy stories told through only the characters as well as stories that focus primarily on development of the characters, then this will be one great emotional ride for you.  Otherwise, I recommend checking out ""Emily is Away"" first and then decide whether ""Emily is Away Too"" is worth the purchase.8/10"
76561198276505288,Recommended,523780,32153358,Posted: 3 June,all,lalowo,"Loved it! EIA 2 is much better than the first one : the discussions are more natural, longer, funnier and the decisions trees more open. I also loved the ""extended"" nostalgia experience with the 2000's version of ""Youtoob"" & ""Facenook"" - PLus, and some playlists are truely ""awesomesauce"" ;)"
,Recommended,523780,34110155,Posted: 8 August,all,Febbe,Very nice
76561198404162750,Recommended,523780,34666939,Posted: 1 September,all,austinzook107,"Funny, dramatic, and has many tough choices. 90/100. better then last game."
,Recommended,523780,33008253,Posted: 29 June,all,•SADBOY•,This was great and blows the first one out of the water. There's more things to read and interact with. It really takes you back. Multiple endings and awesome references. This is totally worth the price.Holy cow you get to talk with Idubbbz!
,Recommended,523780,32468780,Posted: 16 June,all,znduatepe,Great game. Worth its price.
,Recommended,523780,32149267,Posted: 3 June,all,CupCray [DFS],"Emily was away too.Let me say first on the spot that I am not the teenie in the 2000's. However, I got to know IM in the names of AOL somewhat around. I used to send messages to my family members when I was 6 years old and had a lot of fun doing so. Emily is away too brings back old memories, but not only that but a handful of excellent writing, charming people to talk to and really just feeling like you are in the world of this game.The ""story"" plays during and after Senior Year. Emily and Evelyn are the 2 characters that you chat throughout 5 chapters, which capture a timeframe of a whole year. During that, you are given multiple choices, on that realistic one's that you would actually like to say,  and you do your own mindset. I can't really say much about it without spoiling anything - it's ""make up your own route"" for a reason.The reason I liked this experience so much is the realism of this software. It has a WHOLE EXTRA domain with some websites and their actual look in ~2005, such as YouTube, Facebook... the list goes on. Every time you are sent a link in the chat it redirects you to your actual main browser and opens up the page. You have the ability to poke the friends you talk to on Facebook, sent them a friend request, read notes, their activity feed... It has gone so much into detail to the point I didn't even notice this was a game. You are part of the story, and the game makes damn sure it is kept that way.I was the protagonist many times. I thought I have hurt someone, put someone in favour over the other, in fear that I made a stupid mistake.I praise Emily is away too with a passion. Thank you, Kyle Seeley."
,Recommended,523780,31995695,Posted: 27 May,all,Shearman360,This game is so realistic it hurts.
,Recommended,523780,32005364,Posted: 27 May,all,Ian Benardo,I'm crying.Don't play it.WAITI played it again.Play this game. I'm crying for all the right reasons.The endingsHoly ♥♥♥♥
76561198009795235,Recommended,523780,32653561,Posted: 22 June,all,Deutschi,Fantastic little gem
76561198166118117,Recommended,523780,32650841,Posted: 22 June,all,PepeBeyond,This game is just simply amazing. You can have so many endings and it has a rich storyline. It is a fantastic game about keeping a relationship. I recommend it 100%.
76561198049180149,Recommended,523780,31979330,Posted: 26 May,all,samgamer454,"I've only just played it on the day of release and I'm already in love with it.(Update: I've just finished it, it was absolutely incredible!)There are so many amazing easter eggs with the buddy icons, including a Kickstarter Crap pitch with iDubbbz, an interactive adventure with ""Vick and Norty"" and countless YouTuber references, even coming up with a YouToob page and .gif page that really revels in the nostalgia from '06.In my opinion, this game is better than its predecessor. I highly recommend it and I give so much respect to the developer, Kyle Seeley, and other amazing people who worked on this game. I LOVE IT!9.5/10"
76561198028485638,Not Recommended,523780,32137584,Posted: 2 June,all,Carbonade Flamande,"SPOILERSOk so Emily got mad at me because I told her I didn't drink (because there was no moderate drinker answer) but I told Evelyn that I did sometimes and she decided to break up because of that. But this is the same Emily who told me that she didn't drink and got drunk later, how stupid is that ?I don't usually right reviews but I just feel so frustrated by the ending I got, it makes no sense to me."
,Recommended,523780,31988457,Posted: 26 May,all,Rajøsh,"9.5 / 10“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.”-Mahatma Gandhi-“Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.”- Dalai Lama XIV-"
,Recommended,523780,32372913,Posted: 12 June,all,Spoopy Momo,"i cried more this time than i did the first time.This game lot more in-depth than the first installment.Emily Is Away Too has multiple endings, and the rememberedoptions you choose are actually used and referred to later on.This one takes a while longer to complete than the first game,and actually has timed events to challenge you while playing.Overall just a much better game than the first. Here's hoping there are more to come!"
,Recommended,523780,32070553,Posted: 30 May,all,Melee Kunis,Never. Lie.You'll regret it for the rest of your lives kids.
,Recommended,523780,32315652,Posted: 10 June,all,Gunam,Very nice game with good endings. Very emotional.
,Recommended,523780,32025593,Posted: 28 May,all,@willoneill,"A worthy sequel to an excellent game! Also, you didn't pay for the first one. Now is the time to make things right."
,Recommended,523780,33244443,Posted: 4 July,all,[nBn] Kat,"Emily Is Away Too is a much more entertaining (and more hopeful, if you choose the right options) game than the original, Emily Is Away. The interface and commitment to its 'world' is pretty great, and I love the deeper interactivity that's available--sending files, sharing links, having multiple conversations at work. The secret buddy icons are a lot easier to unlock, and the little stories they have with them are a lot of fun. This is a great sequel if you enjoyed the first!My one complaint is that, while I understand what messages the game is trying to go for, there are times when the consequences of your choices end up being met with what seems like an overreaction. I told Emily in August that I didn't drink, and then told Evelyn in October that I did--not because I was trying to adapt to Evelyn's personality, but because I thought, well, maybe I'd tried it since then, and had started drinking. If I'd lied in other ways, Emily's upset reaction to the realisation that I'd ""manipulated"" her would have been justified, but the fact that it was the only time I'd differed between the two girls made it feel like an oversight on the developer's behalf for Emily to react as she did.In comparison to the original game, which chronicled a detoriating friendship, Emily Is Away Too presents you with a wider world and a greater variety of options that allows you to cultivate friendships with both girls. Unlike the original, where I felt there were very few conversations between the ones presented to you, there's an acknowledgement of the ""offline"" world, of conversations that we don't get to see in Emily Is Away Too. I enjoyed this aspect a lot, but it's what makes these ""either this or that"" responses feel artifical, rather than having the characters react more appropriately based on your responses.If there's to be a third game, I hope they expand on that, and the range of endings available to you--it's a great game with a lot of emotion in it, but it's also a game that requires immersion, and that requires a better range of consequences for your actions."
,Recommended,523780,32336526,Posted: 11 June,all,INYOURFACE,rolling me back the good old days10/10
,Recommended,523780,33658386,Posted: 19 July,all,Merricc,but what if ur gay i wanna date jefferino
,Recommended,523780,32006099,Posted: 27 May,all,Bread George,"This game is amazing. If you loved the first one, you MUST buy this one!"
,Recommended,523780,31988722,Posted: 26 May,all,[Redacted],"I've played this entirely. [This review is based on playing the first one,  scroll  down for my advise for first purchasers]Pros:1. You get happy ending with Emily this time.2. There's two people to ""talk to"".3. There's interwebz!4. ""You're"" still awkward and you backspace over what you told yourself to type.5. The icons are much better and are of broader subjects ""back then"".6. Makes you wish AIM still existed.7. Emily and Evelen actually feel like real people. Emily is my Waifu now.Cons:1. It's time management hell and it has timers at one point and both of the people tell you off for taking too long.2. If you♥♥♥♥♥♥off one of the TWO people, they end up coming back and apologizing. (Not sure about Emily)3. You're asked to view copyrighted music on a spinoff youtube site. Good luck lets playing this one.4. ""You"" type WAY to slow if you go manual, making #1 ever worse.5. Makes you wish AIM still existed.First purchasers: Get THIS one over Emily 1. There's much more in it.Emily 1 players: I'd hold off till you have a spare 6 bucks. You can pretty much just play Emily 1 for the same effect. Though, she's not as real."
,Recommended,523780,34825605,Posted: 8 September,all,Gary the Prophet,Emily is Away Too features a variety of choices and emotions that probably causes you to be sad and depressed at the end of the game. I've only played the game enough to get only one of the endings (The one where Emily breaks up with me D: ) This game is terrific and it really makes you feel like that you are talking to two girls even though you're probably just as lonely as I am...10/10 would talk about my chronic depression again
,Recommended,523780,32090111,Posted: 31 May,all,clone.dll,This game is a sequal (I Think) to the first game Emily is Away. EMily is Away too takes you through an emotional rollercoaster while the game makes attempts to get you to decide between 2 girls. It is set in aol or as they call it ingame eol. You are eventually forced to choose between the 2 girls evelyn and emily. If you lie to one of them lets say aboput your personal life they eventually figure it all out. Unlike the first game it is possible to win with either girl.Overall I highly recommend this game.
76561198202337700,Recommended,523780,32081051,Posted: 31 May,all,🌟MOON🌟,Way better than the orignal10/10
,Not Recommended,523780,32438153,Posted: 15 June,all,Honey Badger,"This is another one of those games that makes me wish steam had a neutral ratingIt's not badBut it's not good eitherKind of in the ""I can play it, and that's just it"" world of reviewsThe only thing I can criticize (And the one thing that everyone will say ""IT'S JUST A GAME DOOD GOD NOT EVERYTHING HAS TO BE REALISTIC"") is how at one point in the game (Spoilers, by the way) you have to chat between two people at the same time, with a seperate timer for each of them, and if one of those timers runs out, doesn't matter if you were mid-sentence or what, but the people berate you for taking too longIt's like i said to myself when this happened:""I'm sorry i didn't respond within the 10 second window the game forced me to have while i was typing, but atleast i didn't ♥♥♥♥♥ at you for not respoding for MINUTES after i sent you a message, never-♥♥♥♥ing-mind 10 seconds you ungrateful woman.""Oh and also the fact that one of the endings are black and white, spoilers again but this is really simple:If you lied ONCE, no matter who to, you've already got a bad ending, that's how brutal it is, and the best part is about all this, i lied to Emily about alcohol (I said I don't (But the game said 'DEFININTLY NOT' great job), though i wish there was an option to say SOMETIMES, not all the time, because the game dev thought that was a great idea to put for evelyn only)And at one point during the game, she will talk to you drunk, or atleast tipsy, and if you lie about alcohol, you don't get the chance to call her out on that, you don't get to say ""Well hold on, you were drinking alcohol that one time when you said you didn't"" and call her out for the hypocrisy that it isYou just sit there, and act like nothing in the past ever-♥♥♥♥ing-happened, yes this made me pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off, and for a good hour i kept yelling ""ALL BECAUSE OF ONE ♥♥♥♥ING LIE"", but i will say I did not regret giving Emily the cold shoulder if she was not gonna cooperate that i was telling the truth every other time besides the alcohol.Other than thatIt's a ""meh"" game, and everyone is gonna tell me I took an indie game too seriously and not everything should apply to real life"
76561198037349435,Not Recommended,523780,32264345,Posted: 8 June,all,MastemasGirl,"I liked the first game, not so much this one. It is a good exprience and worth the money but so much multi text drifting. I get why its done though. I'm unsatisifed with the endings and how much Emily and Evelyn have the exact same dialog during so many parts that I had to look to see who I was even talking to it sounded so similiar. They're pretty  much the same person which isn't what I expected and a strike against the writer. However, I do like the call back to chat days and nailed the teenage personality and drama. I wouldn't recommend it for people unfamiliar with AOL and older chat programs as they wouldn't get the same satifaction from it. Or reccommend it to anyone who dislikes teenage drama. Cute game none the less"
,Recommended,523780,32032225,Posted: 28 May,all,TeoLolstoy,"Man, I really liked Emily is Away Too. But it's not better than the first game. The story had kind of a weird pace, in my opinion, and the ending I got was really weird and irritated the hell out of me. The ending of the first game was so much more clever and so much better. The thing with Facenook and Youtoob were awesome, but they could've been integrated a bit more. So, bottom line, this game is mechanically superior to its predecessor, but the story is not nearly as clever. Still totally worth the five dollars."
76561198392320136,Recommended,523780,32838634,Posted: 26 June,all,emilyj.callahan,This is simply a gem. Nostalgia gets me every time and this game is no exception. I couldn't believe everything that was included in this sequel. It was VERY interactive and I couldn't get enough of it! I didn't want the story to end. I became hugely invested in the storylines and the people. All I can say is that Emily is Away Too felt really personal to me and I enjoyed the experience it gave me more than any other game i've ever played before.
,Recommended,523780,32026741,Posted: 28 May,all,Tested,After the first game I thought i was going to get an ending which left me sad however i did not.Emily and I stayed together.Evelyn was one of my best friends.Plus i get a sexy songs at the ending.This game was truly amazing.The website was a good feature however if the developer makes a part 3 then this should be a bigger feature.The developer has a good taste in music.The dialogue was better and had things I prefered to say.The thing that tells you how much people got that ending and said what others did was great.This game was much better and left me of with a happy feeling.Overall this game is cool beans :DDDD
,Recommended,523780,31989726,Posted: 26 May,all,Kiril1331,"One of the best game i've played in a while!-Great story-Multiple people to talk with-Makes you feel like you're living the game!-THE FEELS!!!!Great job with the game and maybe, if theres' a chance, make ""emily is away tree""!"
,Recommended,523780,32029447,Posted: 28 May,all,Ainsley Chan,At Least Emily Wasn't The Only Girl In This Game...
,Recommended,523780,32048126,Posted: 29 May,all,Dem0n,"When you have no social life, just talk to imaginary characters like I did. Much better."
,Recommended,523780,32069975,Posted: 30 May,all,Kac,Didn't know I would get depressed over a game. You try your best and one bad thing turns everything against you.
76561198162691370,Recommended,523780,32000729,Posted: 27 May,all,ƒяσѕт,I really like this game. It was extremely realistic and it made me feel like it was actually happening to me.and then i got with evelyn and it wasn't very realistic anymore. I could never get a girlfriend.All in all a 8/10.
,Recommended,523780,31998139,Posted: 27 May,all,16 | Jay is Away,"Emily is Away Too is simply fantastic.I also reviewed the first Emily is Away, so everything I said stands. Nostalgia is a very powerful tool and 99% of shameless plays on that never work on me, but this game truly puts me back over a decade ago. That was true of the first one, and with the inclusion of websites, music and imagery of the time, it's even more true with Emily is Away 2.What is most astounding about this sequel, is how truly clever it is in comparison to its predecessor. EiA was very basic, in the idea of it having branching paths and all the work was in the AIM style, but EiA2 builds on these mechanics and tells stories in not only the AIM conversations, but through 2006 versions of popular websites. It uses the culture of the time, and what your tastes were THEN to characterize the personalities of these characters. You learn about people you never talk to simply because of the YouToob URL in their Buddy Profile or the survey they filled out on their Facenook page.I do not want to spoil any of the endlessly surprising tricks developer Kyle Seeley has injected  in this game, but the biggest compliment I can give is how immersive and real this game feels. I never thought the most intense gaming moment of my year would come from a text adventure, but here we are.My only complaint is length, with my initial playthrough being around 2 hours, but it has a ton of different paths and endings.That being said, I don't think I will do another playthrough. This is such an immersive game that I feel going back and making different decisions would be dishonest to the experience I just had. Choices matter, and I made some poor ones. I will just have to live with that.$5 is an extremely fair price for this type of game. I'd even argue its generous for just how much work has gone into every detail of this experience. I can recommend without hesitation to buy this if you have even the tiniest bit of nostalgia for the 2006 era of the internet when AIM was how we confessed our feelings and YTMND was how we made each other laugh.Jay has signed off."
,Recommended,523780,32066027,Posted: 30 May,all,cpPaulnash,"I played through the whole game in one sitting, and it was an emotionalrollercoaster. I loved the first game, and how itshowed how no matter how much you try, you can't always get what you want.The inclusion of a second character was a nice departure, and it took mewaytoo long to realise that I couldn'tcomfortably console them both.The use of an actual desktop wallpaper and my web browser was nice, but I feel like it should have been its own single program because the unchangeable parts of Windows (10) meant that it took me out of the experience sometimes, like the taskbar - which I had to hide - and the Edge address bar. The separate program for the chat boxdidmake it feel more like an actual messenger, however.I love this game, and thoroughly enjoyed all of it. The first is free so it's a no-brainer to try it, and this one is pretty cheap too.Make sure you don't lie."
76561198151669925,Recommended,523780,32279151,Posted: 8 June,all,unnecessarilylongusername1,"went into it expecting them to hit me in the feels, got my heart ripped out instead.10/10"
,Recommended,523780,32162288,Posted: 3 June,all,Sleimann,Who is Emily?Who am i?My one and only true love.Nothing will ever be the same.I am broken man seeking clearence.GoodbyeThanks for everything Emily
,Recommended,523780,32352004,Posted: 11 June,all,Agentfly42,"The GameEmily is Away Too is a fun little visual-novel-type in the style of early 2000s media in which you get to know and talk to two people and help them along in their lives. I'm actually happy that it cost $5, because unlike the original I feel like this ensures a certain quality to the game, plus, I don't have to spend $9 to get a card drop.With that said, I want to take the rest this review to describe the hell of a first run-through I went through. [Spoilers ahead, be warned]My ExperienceSo I meet these two girls, right. Each of them is going through some♥♥♥♥♥♥ dealing with guys who they dont like and general high school issues. I befriend both of them, and this Emily girl is seeming pretty cool. We both like the same music, same video games, and things are looking cool with this Evelyn girl too. We talk about our interests, and Evelyn asks me what my plans are for after college. I tell her I'd like to have a family, and she agrees with me. A few minutes later, Emily asks me relatively the same question. ""Elias (that's me btw), do you think you'd want to settle down after college, like right away?"" The truth is, yeah, I'd like to, but notrightaway like she asked me. I'd like to do my own thing for a while before that eventuality. Of course there's no option for that, so I just tell her no, because I wouldn't want to, not right away. It's just one dialogue line anyways, so I think nothing of it and move on.Fast forward another chapter or two, and suddenly I find myself being messaged by both these girls at the same time. Each of them is going through tough times, but this is fine because I'm pretty invested in what each of them has to tell me. What is NOT fine is that I find myself under a timer to reply to each one of them, and am constantly rushing back and forth to reply to them, because apparently fifteen seconds is an abusively long time to wait to reply back. Because of this, I ended up losing my friendship with Emily, and looking back on it I realize its really only plausible to become friends with one of the girls. If you're going to play this game, be ready to have to sever a friendship, because, be it intentional or not, I doubt very many people can keep up with this section.Now for the big catastrophe, we get to the last chapter. By now I've become #besties with Evelyn, and Emily has pretty much cut all ties to me. Luckily, I'm surprised by the fact the Emily apologizes to me and tells me she's gotten really close to my best friend Evelyn. This is nice, after all, who doesn't want to share the love of friendship? The only problem is, Emily tells Evelyn I wouldn't like to have a family after college (yeah you knew this was gonna come back later), which Evelyn takes to mean as I was lying to each of them to manipulate (!) them. She pisses off at me, and as I try to forge a way to clear things up through the flimsy tree of dialogue options given to me, I realize to my dismay that my happy ending has been ruined. In the end, my best friend cuts ties with me because, according to her, our friendship is built on a foundation of lies, leaving me sitting there alone in my room with my laptop, wondering to myself, ""what the ♥♥♥♥ did I just go through"".TL;DR My bestfriend leaves me and calls me a manipulative liar because of a single dialogue option. And it turns out over 30% of users got this ending too, so joy for that.But all that aside, the game-to-desktop integration this features is pretty cool. I love the inclusion of so many old memes, and the mockup 2006 YouTube is a joy. I hope y'all have a good time with this game; I just wish it didn't punish you so severely for a single line.Cheers."
,Recommended,523780,32050057,Posted: 29 May,all,Mercy the PeelzGrabber,"Emily is Away Too is the (obviously) sequel to the free ""Emily is Away"" game. Now you may ask ""Is this worth $5 when the other was free?"" I can say it is!The game is longer, I took about 2 1/2 hours, there's multiple endings, and the way the story is played out is pretty cool too.You talk to two young women - Emily and Evelyn -  and through the game you can answer questions they ask like favorite music etc, and they will comment on it later, which can affect how they talk to you...and even where your relationship goes.In the end, if you liked the first game, this is definitely worth your time. If you lived through the AIM (Aol Instant Messenger) era you will definitely get some flashbacks! It's a great little game, and you should definitely buy it. It's $5, not asking much!"
,Recommended,523780,31985733,Posted: 26 May,all,Game-Hogger,"After playing this game for over 6 consecutive hours and obtaining 3 different endings (two ending on positive notes) I can really say this is a huge improvement in the Emily is Away series. It allows you to focus on two memorable characters (being Emily and Evelyn) and allows you to decide your fate with any of the characters and the way it does it is really impressive. This game really takes what you say to both characters and uses it against you (much like that of a Telltale game) so be cautious around both characters and choose which one you go for as they both can lead to satisfying endings! Or, play the game and experience its many quirks and wonderful features it has. I definitely reccomend this game for those who played the first one or others who are new with this serious, as it's a wonderful narrative and has wonderful replay value.10/10"
76561198077484968,Recommended,523780,32900543,Posted: 27 June,all,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa,Lets me pretend I can talk to girls and stave off the soul-crushing loneliness 10/10
,Recommended,523780,32258656,Posted: 7 June,all,LlamaDrawsBad,"This game in a nutshell:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHzjgNoRmjgEnding with music and emily talking about the last part made me tear up when i listened to it.I got pretty attached to both characters, yet i did ONE thing wrong and I yelled at and heartbroken10/10. made me feel like crap."
76561198042699027,Recommended,523780,33039299,Posted: 30 June,all,Ultima Deplete,"I hesitated to recommend this game but it would be unfair of me to do so when it is actually pretty decent. The reasons I wasn't personally keen were (spoilers ahead):So, if you've never played the original, then this game is probably pretty cool (hence the thumbs up) but as someone who played the original, I feel like this new version took everything which made the original great and kinda messed it up.The original is a bittersweet tale of growing up and changing, as we all do, and no matter what happens you and Emily grow apart. It's even more poignant come the final year where you can see how she's changed even through the way she types and you're left with no option but to say goodbye, no matter how much you want to stay friends or be with her.This new version, by contrast, is much more of a generic teenage love story and, while that's fine, it's not what I was expecting after playing the original. The themes of change and moving on are there but they seem shallow by comparison and easily worked around. You get a second character to chat to which I suppose could have added a new dimension if done right but in the end it's more of a ""which girl do you want"" choice of who you want to end up with. Sure, there are numerous endings, you could be friends, lovers or neutral with either girl but the way you get there feels like it has very little meaning to it.It feels forced that there's a section where you can't communicate with both Emily and Evelyn, it feels unrealistic that one girl would flip simply because you were taking a few minutes to respond to her. It's just a way of forcing you to choose but the original game was built so much on the idea of a realistic friendship that it falls a little flat.BAD ENDINGSThere's also the issue that some of the bad endings with Emily end up being a little ridiculous. For example, I was totally honest with both girls, chose Emily, but there was one teeny, tiny incident where I told Emily I don't really drink but told Evelyn that I sometimes drink but don't like it. Come the final chapter, Emily flips and screams that I'm a totally different person than she thought, that I'm a manipulative liar who was just creating a fake self to get close to her. That is an overreaction even by teenage girl standards and it honestly seemed insane. By the end of that conversation I actually found her annoying and was glad to break up which is such a far cry from the original Emily who was some unattainable dream girl. I can see how that ending works if the lies were, for example, telling Emily you're a virgin but telling Evelyn you've had sex with literally everyone, or even telling Emily you definitely don't drink but telling Evelyn that's you drunk out of your skull at all opportunities. It's just that particular combination I got which didn't work.I will admit that I didn't bother to go through and get the Evelyn endings so I can't comment on those.TIME SCALEIt also bothered me that they changed the timescale from several years of life through college to a single year of high school. Again, the theme of changing and moving on worked well with a longer frame, over the course of 4 years at college everyone becomes a different person but in a single year of school we were the same people as at the beginning and so those themes just died.POSITIVES- The overhaul visually is really good, it looks even more authentic now and it's pretty cool.- The addition of a mechanic where Emily sends you files which go to your desktop is insanely awesome and I wish more games had it, it makes the whole thing feel so real.- Ditto with the mechanic with the website which sends you to Facenook (lol), Tube videos, etc etc. The amount of effort they put into making the game seem realistic is amazing and I can't applaud them enough.- I'm slightly addicted to Senses Fail now after having to listen to the music ;o- The story is still cute and fun and worth a play, definitely if you've never played before, maybe as a comparison for people who played EIA.- The secret icon chats are farking hilarious.SUMMARYEmily Is Away Too does a lot of things far better than it's predecessor. The only place it doesn't is the story which, sadly, is what a lot of us came for."
,Recommended,523780,32141087,Posted: 2 June,all,GhostEnder98,"Honestly, I really loved this game, great that you had the choice to date Emily or someone else, and is no Longer a Friend Zone simulator game, LOL, Great story and a Really awesome addition to the game to add a site and File transfers onto the actual Computer, really a Master Piece that will get your Feels Real, Better then the first, but I would still recemend playing the first one (It's free), 10/10 would date Emily Agian."
76561198048233222,Recommended,523780,32047707,Posted: 29 May,all,Sryntel 死神,"The sequel of ""Emily is Away""It's longer and has multiple endings, and also recalls the old times of internet, with all those legendary memes.You can choose to talk with Emily and Evelyn at the same time, and what you'll decide will have consequences in the future.I would reccomend this to someone who's looking for a very emotional and nostalgic game :)"
,Recommended,523780,32110448,Posted: 1 June,all,Matthewk1000,"The feels. The feels hit me.Emily is Away Too was a complete shock to me when I saw it come up on my feed. I loved the short free predecessor and was at first hesitant to actually pay for the sequel but in the end I am glad I did.Emily is Away Too is legues above its predecessor adding in more than one character to talk to, timed responses (which were a pain to deal with) and multiple endings.Pros:-Desktop interactions-Evylin and Emily-Nicknames for Emily...-Multiple endings-Custom Website for YootubesCons:-...Wish there was a way to have nicknames for EvylinVerdict:I really enjoyed my time with the game and hope for a sequel soon. I believe the pros out way the cons and I can see that this game does deserve the full R55 I spent on it. Thats why I award Emily is Away Too a perfect 10/10. Now time to go get the other endings."
,Recommended,523780,32057957,Posted: 30 May,all,Spartan322,"On first look, I found the first game interesting, I didn't originally play it myself because learned it all ends the same, but watching I felt the pain the game was suppose to give you. It was an interesting experience that taught you a lot of things, like don't wait for someone and be daring. (even though neither of those options mattered to the game, but its the illusion on the first play that it made you think it did)Come back to the next game, and for the first two chapters especially, it felt awesome, you actually get real choice in game, so I decided in my first play to see what happens, be honest and play it where it falls. Play myself pretty much. Doing this I had no problems,this was until I continued talking to Evelyn, and when asked ""Have you had sex?"" I told her ""eh kinda"" suspecting that was gonna be like Emily's ""not really, only like third base"" option when she asked. Except instead of saying what I expected, it just outright forces ""yes"" with no other response. This became a huge issue later on.So I continued the game, only thinking that was weird but that it had no hold on me.I than get to the ""You gotta choose a girl right now"" moment and decided to try my hand at doing both, and I failed (and sorry for ruining this very interesting point of the game's illusion of choice, but as of now,the dev seems to have designed it toautofailinfinitely speed up as far as I've seen, he doesn't expect anyone to do it, and I don't think the game will let you do that honestly, you'll probably not want to bother) forcing myself to pick Evelyn. So I get through that and go to the prom with her and do all that stuff, and then I reach last chapter after Emily and Evelyn have talked, but that choice I made that I had no intention nor knowledge of making, it happened to be the only reason Evelyn got mad at me, as a result I got the poor breakup with Evelyn ending all because of a choice I never meant to make.That really ruined the game for me. On one side, it made me think even harder on my choices, but I became obsessive and paranoid about every choice I made that I was unable to play anymore games with the intention of playing me or a character, I ended up designing a strategy to best the game, (as I oddly seem to do when I start to notice breaks in the illusion, I did the same thing with the Mass Effect series, call me crazy) which I really didn't want to do when I first got it. I went from trying to play the game the ""right"" way to gaming it, and that is something you shouldn't need to want to do with this game. Aside from that, this game honestly has very little replayability. I mean better than the first one, and while better than like Mass Effect 3 in sense of ending choices, the game is not as clever with hiding its trick on the second playthrough, (which it clearly expects given all the secrets that require replays, granted you could look them up, but it seems that was at best an afterthought) I mean the choices you made being reiterated perfectly verbatim feel kinda flat for both characters, Evelyn and Emily can end up saying almost the exact same things with some simple choice flips, and your player choice changes due to the character are no longer hidden in any way from the player, I don't recall any real changes from chapter to chapter on the second playthrough that don't involve the little extras you unlock, and I've yet to see if they affect the ""plot."" (but I doubt it) All that given, there isn't really anything new to playthrough a second time at all, except the endings, which are probably more effort than they're worth to get, given how the conversations stay pretty much the same all the way to the fifth chapter.One thing I think about this game is the dev was thinking that instead of reiterating an emily is away sequel where it does the same thing, he was trying to do something new. Doing so, he pulled probably one of the most popular ideas of ""the happy ending"" people and ""give me real choice"" people. And while it did make it interesting, what he wrote up and designed out didn't line up with those ""features,"" (or objectives if you'd like) and it seems more like a lot of the attempt was too heavily mixed with trying to implement more design of the original game back. As a result, while in select moments Evelyn and Emily both seem unique, especially in dialogue, there are way too many times they are functionally equal, and it if not for the writing, they may have been easy to confuse. I think if Kyle wanted to push this idea, his design needed to be much more devoted to creating an experience that made the characters feel different, and not by just stating it, but by acting it out, cause as of now, the ingame actions of both characters are basically the same and the only difference between any particular action is who you choose. (or none in that case too, which I haven't seen or tried yet)Given all this, I do recommend it, I'm a little sketchy on five dollars for it, while fun and interesting first time through, (unless you hit the glitch in the Matrix I believe I hit) unless the content gets changed, updated, or we get workshop content, it'll probably be a waste for most, as the current core game offers very little actual payback after the first playthrough. I'm hoping Kyle sees this type of critque (and I'm hoping I'm not alone in it) and is willing to do one of those things, (I'd really like him to do all three, but even just a longer and more planned out experience would put this game far enough to ignore the price tag) but as of yet, great game, sketchy ending (Give you anything less then perfection in certain choices totally screw you up without much reason or information, combined with the flaking, it really can screw you, wouldn't be as much a problem if some of these decisions could be reigned in a bit) with only one really interesting unique design choice, but it has potential to be improved upon, as long as the dev continues to improve its design. (and maybe some more content, and/or add player made content)So yeah, I recommend it, but I also recommend you wait and see if Kyle plans to do more with it first before buying."
,Recommended,523780,32024126,Posted: 28 May,all,Aisaka Pumpii,EVELYN WHY IS OUR TASE IN MUSIC ALIKE...Great game I do recommend.
76561198120335752,Recommended,523780,33167652,Posted: 2 July,all,Sirdonkeybunz,This game is way better than the first one thank god they gave me evee because i actually didnt like Emily in this one she is different not the first girl i fell in love with in the first game and got hurt :D but its still good and i love that it teaches you to be truthfull and dont lie because it comes back to hunt you in the end i love this game teaches people to be them selfs and not manupulate and lie or youll lose everything you worked for! would i recommend this game yes if you want something new if you are here for the old emily you will be dissapointed!
,Recommended,523780,32003305,Posted: 27 May,all,Eralsk,12 months of antidepressants down the drain10/10
,Recommended,523780,32186772,Posted: 4 June,all,Shiba,Such a good gameGot way too invested in it and had to keep reminding myself the people i was messaging werent real xD
,Recommended,523780,33593393,Posted: 16 July,all,HouseOfZipper,"If you enjoyedEmily is Awaythen you will enjoy this one too.This time around you'll be a senior and have the choice between Emily and that other chick that i don't remember the name of. A solid experience that makes me realize how alone i am in real life. *i'm not crying, i swear...*.Solid game!"
,Recommended,523780,32358965,Posted: 11 June,all,Eadlyn June,"Great game! Can't get any better than a game about growing up through simply talking!**SPOILERS**I do have a bone to pick with my ending. So I told Emily that I may not want to settle down right after college and I told Evalyn I wanted to settle down at some point. I genuinely wasn't lying to either. I, no and possibly in real life, want to maybe explore a bit but eventually settle down at some point. It kinda ticked me off she took that as lying and I couldn't say that what I just said back in some way. I really did like her in the game, and the fact that I got a bad ending because of that really  made me sad, and not in the good way."
,Recommended,523780,32009389,Posted: 27 May,all,Pengca,11/10 would friendzone emily again
,Recommended,523780,34389775,Posted: 21 August,all,Evelyn Zou,>the importance of integrity>music lovers>high-school romance>I myself am Evelyn awkwardly but I think Emily is cooler :)
76561197991688681,Recommended,523780,32022520,Posted: 28 May,all,desisto cara,"♥♥♥♥ Emily, Evelyn is so much better!"
,Recommended,523780,32030132,Posted: 28 May,all,Name,The references are pretty swell.Story is grand.Overall? Game is awesomesauce.Deuces.
76561198360398250,Recommended,523780,35059279,Posted: 18 September,all,Zalibud,"A nice little nostalgic gameEmily is Away Too surprised me in a positive way. I played the first game and knew I'd have a similar reaction to the second, but I'd say the details caught my attention. I appreciate the effort the author had to build websites similar to those of the past just so we could have a deeper immersion. For me in particular, listening to ""Open Your Eyes"" when it came up was just great I never really stopped to listen to the song before, but doing so brought an overwhelming feeling of nostalgia, as if it had been with me throughout important moments of my life and I just didn't bother to notice before.Obviously, the game wants you to feel nostalgic and immersed, it wants you to think you're back at that time when you could simply live a romance and enjoy your own innocence. I'd say that was well done.Still, I have some problems with it as well. First, just like the first game, it seems to be designed for a male audience only. You can put a feminine name and stuff, but some moments seem plain weird when you're acting like a girl, it messes with the immersion. Also, why not let the character interact with a male NPC? Or with someone else who isn't a possible love interest? I know that there are limitations, but doing it that way made me feel as if Evelyn was there mostly to compete with Emily for your consideration. Why lovehasto be the main goal, as the game seems to suggest?Another issue with the game, at least in my opinion, is the need of absolute consistency. I'm not a native english speaker, but I got my first (bad) ending not because Ilied to Emily about not wanting a family, but because I interpreted it differently in each context, and so did my girlfriend. This""I'll break up with you if anything you told her does not match what you told me""leaves no room for the player to explain. It should be harder if you messed up, but not impossible if it was just a bit. And besides, people can change their minds.But I think what really bothered me was the fact thatno matter which of them you end up with, it's about the same dialogue and reactions once you do everything right. Emily and Evelyn are quite different from each other, and that has to remain consistent.I think I wanted this game to go deeper, but it's not like I was expecting that in the first place. I'm happy enough with what was done and would recommend to anyone I felt could enjoy it."
76561198056938494,Recommended,523780,32070204,Posted: 30 May,all,BreadWillKillYou,"This game was absolutely great! I almost thought it'd hacked onto my computer and figured out my likes, as Evelyn started off with all things Senses Fail ( A band I absolutely LOVE btw.) You get really emotionally invested in these fictional people. However, I found Emily pretty annoying as a person.The only thing I didn't like was that it actually sent files directly to the desktop of my real-life computer. That messes with someone as paranoid as I am.Otherwise, it's a great game and totally worth it!10/10"
,Recommended,523780,32070845,Posted: 30 May,all,CheeseAndMemes,"Great story and fun to play with. It made me feel like I was actually instant messaging someone. Not to mention how much effort was put in and how cool the whole experience was. While I'm still trying to get all of the achievements, I can safely say this game surpasses it's original.Great sequel and I definitely recommend it for anyone who's bored and looking for something to do."
76561198067145363,Recommended,523780,33105865,Posted: 1 July,all,Light,"This game is literally an extension of Emily is away. While not a sequel, love and loss is definitely a theme here. While the game is immensely enjoyable, it actually kind of screwed me up emotionally for an hour or two, and I actually felt hurt from one of the endings. While this is a staple of a good story, if you're faint of heart and not into feeling actual pain for fictional characters, then it's not for you. That being said, the fake social media, the backgrounds, and the chatlogs are brilliant. They are executed well and thoroughly. The themes of music and honesty come through quite well, and the facenook profiles are useful to determine how to please the girls. Overall, I'm glad I played the game, and I hope to see more games from the developer soon! While I enjoy the formula, it would be interesting to see a little change up from the classic AIM setting. 8/10 for the saccharine you spat onto us."
,Recommended,523780,32034460,Posted: 28 May,all,Teddi,"This is a cinematic masterpiece, one of a kind in everyway. the ultimate rejection simulator. the perfect sequel to the first rejection sim. but imagine this, instead of being hunted... you become the predator. hunt those thots and slay them. the world is yours in this fpsmmorpg open world extravaganza in which you hold your destiny."
,Recommended,523780,32133242,Posted: 2 June,all,☁✪|pidjin|鳩 ☁/cs.money,your own words will be used against you... DEUCES
,Recommended,523780,33373508,Posted: 8 July,all,Consul,Great game to get back to early 2000's and have some AIM nostalgia!
,Recommended,523780,31983389,Posted: 26 May,all,Liadrae ✿,Oh boy. I'm literally in love with Emily.
76561198049712173,Recommended,523780,34657049,Posted: 1 September,all,BLACKRUSH,Really good story and the 8-bit style just makes it awesome
76561198353942547,Recommended,523780,32101250,Posted: 31 May,all,darthvader,I hate emily she made me sad and im now im cring because of her she told punk4eva that i lied and now im friendzoned like wtf?!!? btw pls make another one but longer pls and im really sad because of that.
,Recommended,523780,35229430,Posted: 26 September,all,RipWitch,"Facenook for college? Pfff nah man.We all talk online nowadays as we are connected to anyone that has access to the internet and willing to talk to you or post something. When you’re not with your friends in person, why not talk to them long distance so you can talk even more. This is what Emily is Away Too goes on during the years on 2006 and 2007.We come in on our Senior year of high school and we made two key friends that we talk to during the course of the game: Emily and Evelyn. Once you setup your username and choose an avatar, it is time to hit them up. From the beginning, there is a sense of getting to know the other person and starting out as friends as conversations with both start up asking about little things like music choice. As we go on, they get more open to talk to us about their relationship troubles and ask for advice. There is a connection there that makes you want to hear them out and if they want to spill their troubles, there is a high chance you will want to be there for them.Sadly, the use of having two girls to talk to, there are forced situations to make you choose one. There are situations that the game that does not want you to keep up the same kind of relationship you have with the other girl. One of the most notable ones is when both are in a vulnerable spot and want you to be there for both of them at the same time. The catch?They are both messaging you at the same time. Of course we must all be thinking that it is not hard to keep up two conversations, you might be able to do more with your own friends and well we were able to message them at the same time in the previous chapters, but this time we have a timer. Each time you try to juggle both conversations, the timer gets shorter and shorter till one runs out and either Emily or Evelyn gets mad at you “not being there”. If you let the timer run out twice they will log off in a huff, even though you would be writing right before the timer ran out.I do get what this was trying to do, but it just falls into being forced and it takes away from wanting to care about the conversation if you want to answer both of them. Especially when the responses you give are mundane. I do think this section could of been worked better, perhaps having you choose your answers carefully, not wanting them feel like you don’t care or perhaps have something that you can actually mix up names. Or even be able to hook up with both and since you can easily guess they willmeet up with each other someday since it is very obvious you three go to the same school and this plays a part in one of the endings.There is also the fact that they do overreact to seemingly small things and you can’t explain yourself. They mention that it is totally okay to not have future plans set in stone and okay to change...but then you find out it’s only for them. There is a situation when one of them does something out of character and say people can change, but when you change your own choices (or you interpret the different wordings of the questions differently) it is automatically set to you being a manipulative liar. No way to explain yourself as it is an automatic failure (dumping you) as early as chapter one.I often find that both seem too similar. They are fleshed out but not in a way that really separates the two. Their interests and how they talk are different, but they both have problems with another boy and both stories rely on which girl you choose and what response you told them. There are a few side characters, but they don’t get any character other than knowing that they could of had any name, one time which I mixed up the names since we have no way to know who they are other than when they cause conflict with the girls. Perhaps this could of been solved with you being able to talk with these side characters yourself. There is also the fact that no matter who you end up with, both Emily and Evelyn will have the same dialogue and reaction with a few things being replaced with a choice you provided and names.If you previously played Emily is Away, there is another huge difference that was added. Instead of being completely confined in the instant messenger window, there are a bunch of website links that were made just for this game. You will mostly get Youtube (YouToob) and Facebook (Facenook) page links during your gameplay, but there is a list of links available to see all of the websites..Overall+ Cool to see that a bunch of websites are available alongside the game+ Realistic writing+ More secret icons with few of them having secret conversations+/- Reusing text for Emily or Evelyn route+/- Emily/Evelyn overreacting over small things+/- Underdevelopment of side characters that relate to Emily/Evelyn’s story- Forced sections where you have to fail- Some responses don’t fit what you are roleplaying as (or the response changes to make it mean something else)If you want to get more out of the free experience Emily is Away gave or interested in this way of storytelling, go ahead and try out Emily is Away Too. However, despite that this game made me want to care for both Emily and Evelyn there are a number of things that make the experience worse such as some of the force segments. Despite most of this review being criticisms, this game was enjoyable, but will overall provide a different feeling and meaning than Emily is Away. So I do also recommend playing the first Emily is Away game (it's free!)."
,Recommended,523780,31979266,Posted: 26 May,all,Squidward Tennisballs,I'm on a quest to get them cheeks.
76561198035323799,Not Recommended,523780,32822454,Posted: 26 June,all,Sunshine,"Emily is Away 2 (or Too) is a visual novel that takes place in an instant messenging client. Unfortunately, despite advertising having branching paths and being a ""choose your own adventure"" game, it mostly limits your choices to being different shades of the same choice, and is a literal typing simulator. While there is some creative multimedia interaction, such as characters actually sending you links to sites that are unique to the game, or transferring images,  the story itself is quite cliche young adult fiction , and mashing the keyboard to pick one of three enthusiastic variants of ""hello"" gets stale quickly. Not worth the sale price, and especially not the full price.Just play the first game if you are curious about the series since it is free."
76561198261527891,Recommended,523780,32075417,Posted: 30 May,all,Dangernoodle,"Only a few days ago, I got and played Emily is Away, simply because one of my friends had played it, and I had heard good things about it. I finished it fairly quickly, and the second I was done, one thought wnet through my mind. That was a very short game. well, that and one other thought. I needed more of this game. so, as soon as I found out that Emily is Away Too existed, i was very happy. so, I bought it immediatly, and thought it would, as well, be a short but sweet game with amazing dialouge like the first one. but I got so, so, so much more. the game is as good if not beter than the first in pretty much every way, which is a hard thing to do when the first game is already so good, and yet, Emily is Away Too pulls it off amazingly. it is worth MUCH, MUCH more than it is priced, and the fact that you can view links to other forms of media related to the game via the chat makes it so much more interactive. but, what are you doing still reading this review? get out there, and play the game!"
,Recommended,523780,32168447,Posted: 3 June,all,2Fort GrayJoy,"welp, its a hard thing for a game to get me invested in a person called punk4eva, and now im nostalgic, sad and happy all in one, do yourself a favor, dont buy coffee one day, buy this game, and remember your teens <3"
,Recommended,523780,32114446,Posted: 1 June,all,bubblebeamgirl,"I love choice based games, and this one was short but fun! Definitely recommend to those who like making choices in games to determine a varitety of endings!"
,Recommended,523780,32728758,Posted: 24 June,all,intern. 🐝,"This game showed me a new band that I like and thats a plus in my books,Has some flaws with the timing mechaninc if you don't reply to someone in like 5 seconds they get angry and completely changes the game its a annoying mechanic that adds cheap stress and anxiety to the conversations when its the game not your own fault that gives you a negative outcome in a conversation.But other then that the game's characters are a lot more in depth and are really believable, the story is really good if you dont mind high school love life/drama. Multiple endings with really cool achievements like a Rick N Morty reference.Overall this games improves on the first one vastly with better story telling more indepth game mechanics and overall better longevity."
76561198294699241,Recommended,523780,32629660,Posted: 21 June,all,Husan44,"Although girls have vented to me in the past, this would be the first time they ended up developing feelings for me because of it.10/10 would friendzone Emily again."
,Recommended,523780,32717837,Posted: 24 June,all,Yamcha,got a girlfriend in 3 hours and went to prom AND decided to stay together after high schoolevelyn > emily
,Recommended,523780,32035345,Posted: 28 May,all,YoungRiles,"Wow, this game is amazing! It's made me incredibly reminiscent of my high school years and the old 2000's style AOL Instant Messaging and Windows XP. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is a 90's kid. It's very simple, and yet so engoyable. For $5, it's a great bang for your buck. Emily is Away, the first one, is free to play, so if you are on the fence about Emily Is Away Too, play the first one."
76561198239040554,Recommended,523780,32725836,Posted: 24 June,all,YourUncle'sUncle,I killed Brad. But now I have to figure out how to kill Jeff.
,Recommended,523780,32138996,Posted: 2 June,all,Lambda,"Emily is Away wasn’t the first visual novel I had ever played, but one of the few to transport me into a period of my life I thought I left behind. Maybe that was due more to the accurate recreation of Windows XP and AOL Instant Messenger from 2002 (even if it was in pixel art), but I had experienced many of the same scenarios the game covered.It was heartbreaking to see my own mistakes and know what I could have done to prevent them. By that same measure, it made me realize that I’m not the only person to have felt the same way in such a situation, even if I beat myself up over my choices every day.It wasn’t perfect (the characters were basically one-dimensional), but Emily is Away was effective in at least capturing a time period that seemed to disappear overnight. So what could a sequel possibly add to that? How about two potential love interests and multiple endings!The biggest change to the narrative design in Emily is Away Too is that you have more direct control over the branching paths. Choices you make in conversations with Emily and Evelyn, the two ladies of interest, will see you either ending up with one of them or ending up alone. While it’s easy to replay a chapter and get the exact outcome you want, robbing the game of any dramatic effect, at least you can be an active part of the plotline and avoid some of the negative aspects that plagued the first game (specifically, the scene where you may have unintentionally♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Emily).The other big change comes in the form of an interactive recreation of 2006 Internet withEmilyisaway.com. The game now acts more like how AOL Instant Messenger was; what I mean is, everything you do in the game is through the guise of an instant messenger window instead of a recreation of a desktop with the application.There are parts throughout the story where Emily or Evelyn will send you links to their ""Facenook"" pages or ""YouToob"" videos and those work through your own browser (which I suppose means the game requires an internet connection). They also send chat logs and homework to you that will dump to your actual desktop for you to look at. If you want, you can even browse through YMTND and find hilariously stupid videos from 2006. It definitely creates a much more authentic experience of the time period, though I’m not entirely sure why this couldn’t be contained within the application.suppose this was more to accurately recreate how chat clients worked, but there were a few times where I got confused on what I was clicking on my desktop and launched Hearthstone while trying to look over Emily’s art homework. My stupidity aside, it’s certainly a neat touch and tickles the nostalgia bone a lot more than the first game did.One small tweak helps the game feel more playable, as well. One of the gimmicks in the first title was how you had to type randomly on your keyboard for messages to appear on screen. You can now just select an autotype function, letting it fill in the text after you make a selection. It helps cut down on the monotony of replaying the game, which at least yields something this time.All of this is window dressing to the main content of the game: how the story plays out. I definitely made a connection with the original, but it was mostly through a projection of feelings I had experienced at a similar time. It was worth a playthrough, but does it stand up as good narrative design? Not entirely. It’s nice to see Emily is Away Too improve on that front.I’ve already mentioned the branching paths, but having the ability to chat with multiple people is nice. It stops the protagonist from feeling like a single-minded stalker and it even creates a scenario in which you’re trying your hardest to console both women while they are going through a crisis. You’re going to have to let someone down and it sucks doing that.Still, the personalities are pretty thin. Emily is Away Too is told through instant messages, so there isn’t a lot of room to write fully fleshed-out exchanges, but you don’t quite get to learn much about Emily or Evelyn throughout the five chapters. There are still the same tired scenarios where both girls are complaining about their boyfriends and you can send messages like, “I never liked that guy,” effectively painting yourself as Mr. Nice Guy. By that measure, though, Emily or Evelyn will call you out on your lies if you happen to try and manipulate them, so you can’t get a ""good"" ending while being a dismissive♥♥♥♥♥The lack of control over your character’s identity is also a bit odd. When you start each chapter, you get some choices to create an AOL profile, but nothing really applies to what I consider myself to be. You get asked the question of, ""What is your favorite type of music?,"" but I can’t pick heavy metal (despite their being a buddy icon for Tool). I know that he is supposed to be an individual with his own wants and needs, but if I’m naming him after myself, why can’t I also have ultimate control over what he enjoys?For that matter, there is no option to play as a female. That isn’t the biggest issue for me, but it might turn some people off. Stories are meant to have a clear focus, though, and not be a catch-all for everyone at all times. It would be interesting to see this structure applied to LGBTQ relationships, but maybe that could be part of what defines Emily is Away Three in the future. It certainly is strange to put in a female name and get treated like a man, though.Those complaints aside, Emily is Away Too is basically the first game expanded beyond a simple gimmick. It may not be the best piece of interactive fiction ever created, but quality-of-life changes to the original formula make the journey feel more personal for individual players. The multiple endings really seal the deal, meaning you’re in for heartbreak or everlasting love.The low price of admission is also nice, since spending $5 is hardly what I’d call expensive. I don’t know if I care for choose-your-own-adventure games (they, effectively, have no drama), but Emily is Away Too does enough right to make it easy to recommend."
76561198079042136,Recommended,523780,32633082,Posted: 21 June,all,newport flats,It's like giggling and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ at the same time
76561198022154125,Recommended,523780,32064284,Posted: 30 May,all,DONACDUM,"Highly recommend for a nostalgia smash, now with music and free backgrounds"
,Recommended,523780,32065044,Posted: 30 May,all,CD +44 7954 803605,"This game, as with the first one left me emotional. 10/10 would play a third"
,Recommended,523780,32097651,Posted: 31 May,all,MuffinSprinkles,This is leaps and bounds better than the first one. The amount of endings is great and the fact that there are happy endings is everything I needed from the original and it's now here!
,Recommended,523780,32662119,Posted: 22 June,all,eaturbyfill,"The nostalgia is strong with this one. 7/10.My only criticism is that there seems to be no way to fix one's mistakes at the end. I got the ending I wanted, but I totally get why some people were a little frustrated by slight descrepancies causing poor endings."
,Recommended,523780,32164480,Posted: 3 June,all,mld-Drake,"Both this and the first game are really cool and can get very emotional. I went through a break-up IRL and playing this, if you lie even about something insegnificant, will break your heart. ITS AMAZING 10/10"
,Recommended,523780,31995431,Posted: 27 May,all,Relunia,"I hate the fact that this is basically relates to nearly everyone in every way during High School.It's unrealistic to me because I never had a girl message me first. (yes that happens in this game.)On a serious note.The little parodys of Facebook and YouTube are a nice touch and I due warn you, the feels will be caught.Also... memes.."
76561198042115811,Recommended,523780,32142964,Posted: 2 June,all,Taardvark,"Got in a relationshipSaid a single thing two different waysGirl finds outSays she doesn't know meLife falls apartI lost a virtual girlfriend, this is my life(Evalyn and the timer can both go suck a cactus)"
76561198313625257,Recommended,523780,32142753,Posted: 2 June,all,EMRamirez,GIVE ME MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!! THIS GAME IS GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,523780,31986518,Posted: 26 May,all,MrZentase,"Loved the first one and you can tell immediately that the sequel is a massive step in the right direction. The thing I love most about this game is the fact there are real websites that you get linked to, so if someone says they are listening to music they can send you link and you can listen right there with them, just gives the game such a real feeling to it. You can download some files that they send you and so on which again just makes it so much more real. I would recommend people go and play the first game to get a feel for it (it is free) and once you are done I’m sure you will come back and pick this one up to. As I said a massive improvement on the first and just feels so real. I love it, can’t praise it enough a beautiful successor to Emily is away."
,Recommended,523780,32069488,Posted: 30 May,all,x_deef_x,best game ever!!
,Recommended,523780,32069855,Posted: 30 May,all,b     x     h,"It's not a game, it's time machine for me. Cant recommend enough."
,Recommended,523780,32071142,Posted: 30 May,all,Milde,"""Awesomesauce!"""
76561198147821099,Recommended,523780,32097777,Posted: 31 May,all,pipo,"[NO SPOILERS]I've beaten the game about 4 times so far and have 8 hours of gameplay into it. I can say that this game offers a very nostalgic feel to the people who were teens/young adults in 2005-2007. I got myself deep into the game, exploring every thing I could find, from the Facenook's profiles and notes, to the weird memes and mini-games I clicked on some of my contacts link in the ""buddy info"" thingy. My first gameplay lasted almost 3 hours because I just couldn't play the game by typing and blah blah. I checked every link and look everything I could find! There's just so much attention to detail it's crazy! Nice going for an indie-game based on instant messaging!Some of the songs that we hear I've actually never heard of and I thank Kyle and the developers team to put them into it. Some of them are already at my Spotify playlists xDEven though the first game had only one ending and the gameplay would end in about 40 minutes and was very linear, I think thay Emily Too is way different in every aspect. The characters are pretty down to Earth and this may sound weird but you end up thinking you're talking to someone when playing hahaha it's pretty funny, though!Still don't know how many endings the game has to offer, but I'll try to find all of them. I really like what the Devs made when you beat the game (sorry, I won't tell). That's one of the reasons I've played again and again too!Hopefully Kyle and the developers see this, because this game is very good and is very worthy in my opinion! Hopefully you guys make a third game (Emily Is Away 3)! I would play it for sure and tell my friends about it. They liked both the 1st and 2nd games so far and people seem to really like them as well, so why not make a 3rd game? :) If yes, make sure you can include other languages into the game so that it would be more accessible to everyone worldwide (I could help with Brazilian Portuguese haha).That's my review! Great job again!"
,Recommended,523780,32117110,Posted: 1 June,all,Hugz?,>feel like a typing GOD>immersive>nostalgic>will either ruin or make your day
76561198056233760,Recommended,523780,32123214,Posted: 2 June,all,Allarus,">opens twitter>sees forsen streaming>sees him play some game (this game)>enjoys life>a few days later I look the game up>see there is a free version>tries it out>enjoys it>buys the ""real"" game>loves it>gets a sad ending with Evelyn>cries>realizes I need a gf>cries even more>ended up crying myself to sleep that night>writes review on the game>dunno what happends nextGREAT GAME 11/10"
76561198053901577,Recommended,523780,32193033,Posted: 4 June,all,Heavente,"Good game, good simulator of teenage dating :D I saw there lot of BS what happend to me years ago, like unreasonable behavior of girlfriend. :D"
,Recommended,523780,32050416,Posted: 29 May,all,pain １９０４,Awesome.
76561198391884053,Recommended,523780,32298376,Posted: 9 June,all,King of Kupa Keep,"Great narrative. The game has a good story and gives the player choices which will affect the ending. There are only two flaws with this game: the typing and the length of the game. First of all, when you try to talk to the characters in the game there's a specific speed you can type in so that gets annoying after a while. Secondly, the game is way too short. I get that it's only 5 dollars but I feel like I should've gotten longer than a 2.3 hour journey. Overall, great narrative and very cheap. 8.4/10"
76561198046790589,Recommended,523780,32166468,Posted: 3 June,all,Sherlock Holmes,SOOOOO MUCH BETTERR Than the last game glad it had a good ending it made me smile and laugh with glee
76561198048299162,Recommended,523780,32002497,Posted: 27 May,all,Boy Oh Boy Donny,"Finally, the happy ending is here!"
,Recommended,523780,32096994,Posted: 31 May,all,Clinical Collegiate Depression,"I had achieved what I couldn't in the first game, be with Emily.This game taught me a valuable lesson about being fake and a lying person will get you who ever you want.Plus google is great for these obscure songs.To be honest, this is a wonderful created game with words and slang accurately represented in 2006. References from the ""golden"" days of youtube was also quite fun too.10/10 would lie again"
,Recommended,523780,32101464,Posted: 31 May,all,Edtron,Emily is Away TooOnline Dating Simulator 2017.Pros:Nostalgia.It's only $5.Multiple endings.Can actually SCORE!Easy 100% achievements.Cons:I never scored...again.Emily's still an awful person. Who'da thunk it?Overall Rating:8/10
,Recommended,523780,32098838,Posted: 31 May,all,Logan 2.0,"I enjoyed this one a lot better than the first one. (obviously)PROS-Multiple Endings, which means more replayability-You talk with more than one person-You actually get to ""date""-Better buddy icons, plus really cool secret icons-Longer chaptersCONS-I didn't get to ♥♥♥♥ Evelyn.(Joking, obviously)Overall, 8.5/10. Pretty solid step up from the last one."
76561198051863657,Recommended,523780,32071835,Posted: 30 May,all,SinkorSwim,"Everything is going wellStarts dating and that works outGirl finds out u lied about like diffrent type of music to other girlYou become a minipulative bastered10/10 relisimThe game is amazing, why ruin it with such a stupid ending over one unrelivent thing!!!"
,Recommended,523780,32050318,Posted: 29 May,all,alston,where are your friends tonight?
,Recommended,523780,32073628,Posted: 30 May,all,RingoJack,"I very enjoyed this game, so nostalgic. Thanks. '_'"
,Recommended,523780,32069107,Posted: 30 May,all,TheTrumpWall,Soo played Emily is away.Thought this would be cool.Played it as realistic as i could.Turned out that I'm a manipulative piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥Got depressed.Went onto being manipulative with random girl on the internets.
,Recommended,523780,32072826,Posted: 30 May,all,Kadscaner,The first game was an unexpectedly fun and traumatic experience. The second one somehow manages to top this by making you manage your relationship with two different people. I wish this could've lasted forever.Emily why do you hate me? :(
76561198031201785,Recommended,523780,33498946,Posted: 13 July,all,ƁǬwĿ,This game is really good. Totally worth the money. It's very short assuming you play it all the way through in one session. Took me only 2 hours. But totally worth it.
76561198122723975,Recommended,523780,31986314,Posted: 26 May,all,SlopperFlopper,So I found the first of this game series when it was recently released and just loved it. I was so hyped and when I heard a #2 and have to say this sequel delieved. I would suggest either one of these to anyone. It is worht the 5$ for sure.
,Recommended,523780,32014944,Posted: 28 May,all,JesselfLal,"Its so good.I love how now its two girls you're talking two, making what u say and how u act effect the story greater. I also love how more interactive the second one is, how certain files would actually download to your desktop, how on ur browser it would open up YooTube and FaceNook, that was super cool. I loved the new icon easter eggs, I actually sent a request for them to make a Borderlands 2 icon. A Paladins icon would be cool too.Such an amazing game, since they have added alternate endings to the game and at the end how they tally up the choices you made like in most telltale/'choose-your-own-path' games, they also have really atmospheric sounds when your in the game, sounding like you really are on a crappy PC, especially how when u pick a game background, depending on which you pick, you get a file on your computer so u can actually use that as your desktop background as you play the game, adds so much to the atmosphere.Strong telltale/'choose-your-own-path' fans, Emily is Away fans and people who enjoy chatroom games will love this series and the second is so many steps up from the first it is amazing.Play the first one, buy the second.Make the right choices...Dont let Emily down."
,Recommended,523780,32017702,Posted: 28 May,all,BlackForestHam,Paid $4.99 to get my heart broken. Brb gonna cry myself to sleep.
,Recommended,523780,32003776,Posted: 27 May,all,Duke's Smoked Meats,Fantastic follow up from the first game. A great taste of nostalgia all around.
76561198294203472,Recommended,523780,32001028,Posted: 27 May,all,Limic,This game is Awesomesauce :)
,Recommended,523780,31987625,Posted: 26 May,all,Izuku Midoriya,♥♥♥♥ you Emily and ♥♥♥♥ this game.
,Recommended,523780,32003113,Posted: 27 May,all,The Fabulous DiesL,Got un-rick-rolled by Rebecca Black.10/10 would later get actually rick-rolled by a false link from someone who likes turtles.
,Recommended,523780,32003216,Posted: 27 May,all,Cracking a Cold One,"This seems like an amazing game! I would DEFINITELY recommend buying this, after all, it IS only 5$ I love how you access a fake ""Youtube"", ""Facebook"", and others! It gives you drama, sadness, and major friendzoning all into one game! You get to talk to two people, instead of just Emily. It just makes it 20x more enjoyable and intense. Who will win your time? Who will win your love? Find out in Emily is Away Too!"
,Recommended,523780,31999476,Posted: 27 May,all,AgentTBone,I can't recommend this game enough. It is such a good game. Your choices come back and bit you in the butt. At some places emily/evelyn will react to the time it takes you to respond. It will even open up windows and download files on your desktop that connect to the story. It is also at an amazing price point of only 4.99. Emily is Away Too is worth your time.
,Recommended,523780,32027609,Posted: 28 May,all,SK_MATO,"Got the bad ending with evelyn :/ . Damn, i can not hold any retaionship even in a stupid game -_- . Well written story. 9/10"
76561198319270798,Recommended,523780,32029662,Posted: 28 May,all,Solipsism,"If you're reading this review and cosidering buying the game, I'll tell you one thing: just do it. At $5.00, it will have more emotional impact on your than any other $60 game out there. This is especially true if you were a teenager in the 2000s, in which case this game will bring back the nostalgia and memories.Everything's well done, from the retro interface and buddy icons to the parody websites and music choices. The instant-message conversations also feel real and there's a lot of emotion conveyed through the text. I'm sure everyone who plays will connect with the characters and feel real pressure when deciding how to respond to them. In fact, my only complaint is that in one specific chapter, you're forced to talk two girls at once with increasingly pressured time limits, which gets to the point where they rage at you for not responding in 4 seconds. Only that unrealistic task takes away the feeling of immersion during the game; for the rest of it, the dialogue feels real and your choices decide the outcome.So if you're still reading this, do yourself a favor, support the developers, and buy the game. You'll enjoy it - and if you're like me you might avoid making mistakes in the game that you did in real life!"
76561198377668357,Recommended,523780,31992137,Posted: 27 May,all,srinegha,i was waiting so long for this game and it realsed on my birthday!! noy i am on chapter 3 so far it is really cool and plese dont break my heart again like the first game! i really recommend this game to buy it is really worh it! and i came from jacksepticeye!!!
,Recommended,523780,32024865,Posted: 28 May,all,せいうん | The Liberator,Emily is Away but this time it's actually possible to get a happy ending.
76561198271871621,Recommended,523780,32041462,Posted: 29 May,all,BTS.J,"This game was so amazing, inspiring and very emotional, I love it so much and it has improved so much since the first game, I also love the fact you can get multiple endings, I highly recommend this game and it is way worth it's price."
76561198106021989,Recommended,523780,32032313,Posted: 28 May,all,Pokeman65™,"9/10 Great attention to immersion detail! however the i found the 2 girls dialogue could use more uniqueness instead of 6 times out of 10 being the same dialogue and responces, aside from that its a great game i would recommend to anyone looking for more of an experiance then a game =D"
,Recommended,523780,32054648,Posted: 29 May,all,Poisony,"I still think the first delivers the narrative in a better way, but this one is really good at delivering the experience of being a teenager in the 2000s. It expands on the first creating mockups of nostalgic websites and just making the experience funnier and more relatable.Speaking of which, have you guys seen that Facebook thing? It's like myspace I think."
76561198393828918,Recommended,523780,32309408,Posted: 9 June,all,gabbysan,The creator really improved from the first game. You can do more things now
,Recommended,523780,32349950,Posted: 11 June,all,BOT Forminlo,I have one set of advice for anyone planning on getting this game: DON'T MESS UP
76561198121546504,Recommended,523780,32166896,Posted: 3 June,all,Toa_of_Death,"Try to please both girls, works great through the first 2 chapters, chapter 3: if you screw up one of them gets angry and leaves, chapter 4 get together with the one that stayed and make up with the one that left, chapter 5: The 2 girls become friends and realize you lied to them both and now they both hate you and now you're forever alone. 10/10 would get double dumped again."
,Recommended,523780,32211992,Posted: 5 June,all,(TSS) Jason,"It is better than the first one. You can talk to 2 people!!! I never had 2 friends in my life.AlsoThey should rename the game into""Friendzone Simulator""Wasted 1.5 hours to get friendzoned by Emily."
76561198331126989,Recommended,523780,32208537,Posted: 5 June,all,thomas.moore,"11/10 This is a beautiful,new dating simulator game that makes you feel like your talking to somebody in real life"
,Recommended,523780,32139150,Posted: 2 June,all,rubber161,"God, i cried at the last part with evelyn. With the music in sorround was all just so perfect. Awesome game! 10/10"
76561198139107843,Recommended,523780,31995032,Posted: 27 May,all,Sir Eggplant,You can get rickrolled5/7 would get rickrolled again.
,Recommended,523780,32242479,Posted: 7 June,all,Brims,Ive been in these scenarios WAY too much its UNCANNY
,Recommended,523780,32350342,Posted: 11 June,all,Maeth of Astora,Right in the feels
,Recommended,523780,32195241,Posted: 5 June,all,PunishedSnake,"So i played the first game, got my heart broken and decided to hang myself, but then Emily Is Away Too was announced, so i waited for the game just to have my heart broken again.10/10 ""Not enough Call Of Duty"" - IGN"
76561198085684265,Recommended,523780,32210369,Posted: 5 June,all,Ansis,"Now you can actually  influence the ending. 7,5/10 cranberries"
,Recommended,523780,32282634,Posted: 8 June,all,Rolfenstein,That moment when you get dumped by an awesome virtual chick and it hurts your feels freaking bad.That's how good this short but perfect game is.
,Recommended,523780,32957861,Posted: 28 June,all,SuperDoctorBatman!,"A cool little experimental ""game"" that will be super nostagic to anyone who grew up in the early 2000s.  If you are unsure, the first game is free here on Steam.  The 2nd is the same idea just greatly expanded on.  Would recommend, if you like story driven games and don't mind that the entirety of ""gameplay"" is basially just reading text and choosing dialogue."
76561198141677760,Recommended,523780,32007610,Posted: 27 May,all,Wojtetk The Bear (hellcase.com),"So I am 13 and I complely understand and it was an amzaing game talked about sex a few times and also has a few cus words but don't worry10/10It was really pleasing to see such a well made game, with realistic AI, and the fact that girls are hard to understand ;)+More windows+Interactivity+Hard decision+Actual real life situations+Long, repeatable gameplay-Not too much customization of info-Lack of interactivity in web pagesI would recommend because you are truly living a experience i would never forget, even if its a game. The bad things are just details, dont mind them. For 5$, its basically free.I played this all in one sitting and it is what this review says"
76561198213439153,Recommended,523780,32788446,Posted: 25 June,all,Ion Grigorescu,I love this game.
76561198148755310,Recommended,523780,32802166,Posted: 25 June,all,Nuke Skorpion,"Short, but sweet, and bitter, and a whole barrel of other emotions."
,Recommended,523780,33006346,Posted: 29 June,all,Crewds,be a♥♥♥♥♥♥(or not) to everyone simulator
76561197986182830,Recommended,523780,32090513,Posted: 31 May,all,middle east,"BEGONE THOTSbut seriously, i wonder if emily and evelyn would agree on a three-way ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) heuheuheuheuhehuheu"
76561198088891313,Recommended,523780,32813361,Posted: 26 June,all,Chtholly Nota Seniorious ヤン,"It was really really fun to play this game, I really enjoyed playing it. Storylane, as the options are just amazing. I really can't wait for a next part :v If u don't have a gf, and got a lot of time, this game is for you. There are so many different endings, and the game is only for 5$. It's really worth to buy, and play it. I swear you'll enjoy the time while playing it :3My personal enjoyment 10/10 Real life simulator.I cried after realising it was only a game ;-;"
,Recommended,523780,32001884,Posted: 27 May,all,Nyssi Reyeus,I feel mixed about this game. I would recommend this game as the developer seems interested in adding more content. The story was good but content at the moment seems lacking.
,Recommended,523780,32923980,Posted: 28 June,all,Jizzle My Fizzle,ALL I DID WAS LIE ABOUT LOSING MY VIRGINITY
,Recommended,523780,33046920,Posted: 30 June,all,k-spro (ff),"The ultimate nostalgia trip! For an hour or so, I was right back in my high school days... Thank you!"
,Recommended,523780,32164925,Posted: 3 June,all,Marvellous,CAN'T WAIT FOR 3!!!
76561198204227063,Recommended,523780,33587248,Posted: 16 July,all,Rick Sanchez,A fockin nicr game with a rich storyline is real nice. Especially with the hidddn eastsr eggs that is also an achievment whoch is real nice. Great game i recommend
,Recommended,523780,32012490,Posted: 27 May,all,DickPays,"I got legitimately depressed after beating this game. I found out the choices that I made really matter in the end. They impact the story, and the ending, and I love games that are like this. I loved the first one, and I loved this one just as much. Thank you for such a great game, that left me feeling like I was actually in the position of the main character."
,Recommended,523780,32174591,Posted: 4 June,all,RedLegs13B,"10/10!!!I really, really, really enjoyed this sequel to Emily Is Away! Much more immersion than the first game. The ""YouToob"" and ""Facenook"" was a really awesome touch, as well as the other links to other developers game pages and various other sites like a 2005 Newgrounds and 2006 Steam homepage. I was introduced to some pretty neat music as an added bonus! This was a really awesome gaming experience, out of such a simple and well put together game. I actually cared about my responses and the outcome this time. Kudos to Kyle Seeley! Great work brother! Looking forward to seeing more content from you, heck maybe a 3rd game in this series?"
,Recommended,523780,32190155,Posted: 4 June,all,SupMyHippy,I wish I knew Evelyn in real life..
76561198036067596,Recommended,523780,32210858,Posted: 5 June,all,elrond501st,Chapter 3 was a masterstroke of gameplay.Swell/10Evelyn is best girl though.
,Recommended,523780,32144696,Posted: 2 June,all,jalyper,"Here's a creepily accurate view of a few nights in the life of a teenager in the 00s, complete with long awkward messaging silences that give you a minute to formulate a good response, which is a winning characteristic for an interface that implements multiple choice.  I played the field and blew my romantic chances, but the chat history could've been authentic as far as I'm concerned.  The music does a brilliant job of washing you with nostalgia as you build a relationship with characters via chat, often with mood-appropriate follow-up tracks to keep you immersed.Emily, the one that got away.  But wherever she is... I can only hope she still likes playing rpgs."
,Recommended,523780,32738222,Posted: 24 June,all,Jhaiven,"Look at these ♥♥♥♥bois crying over 2d girls virtually messaging them. Honestly though it's pretty good albeit minor flaws like having to be precise on a few things. I guess, without spoilers, that part where you have to stay 100% consistent makes sense realistically in a way but still gets somewhat annoying. The dialogue is quite nice and immersive but also plays with those tinges of nostalgia if you've ever used aim. Without those sensations the game is probably not as fun or lasting.I do like how the game adds in files to your desktop though and opens up links in your browser when they send you music and guess what? You don't open the song and reply like you have? You get ♥♥♥♥ed. You get ♥♥♥♥ed like they're ♥♥♥♥ing psychic. Yeah. Everyone is a ♥♥♥♥ing god damned psyduck or some ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥cause people know when you've opened links or not. ♥♥♥♥ing psyduck♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s with their sixth sense will literally ♥♥♥♥ you for not opening their link and replying."
,Recommended,523780,32155831,Posted: 3 June,all,Ropes and Hopes,"I did not think I would get so emotional over a typing game. Simple with a lot of cool features as Facenook or Youtoob. The characters' personalities are amazing. I admit, the timed parts are a bit nerve wracking, but hey, I got what I wanted.And I found some new cool music too.Now excuse me while I go hug a bottle of alcohol and cry because none of this was real."
,Recommended,523780,33446877,Posted: 10 July,all,The Determined Teen,"This game is EVEN BETTER than the original! On my first run, I got a date with Emily, resolved a conflict with Evelyn, and had a great time playing it for the first time! Idolike this, and it's a heck of a lotta fun for just $4.99, USD. =)"
76561198145834770,Recommended,523780,32187813,Posted: 4 June,all,SCHMETTERLING,10/10 would re-live angsty teenage years again. I even made all the same mistakes
,Recommended,523780,31992514,Posted: 27 May,all,justsomeguytom,"So I bought this game around 20 mins after it was released purely out of my love for the first one. And I must say, this game, it's just much more bigger and better. Maybe I wasted just a bit of money, buying it knowing that summer sale is around the corner, but eh, no regrets.Pros:+different endings and paths+so nostalgic+has some little 4th wall breaks, but I don't want to get into it too much because spoilers :D+the music added to it is just amazing+you feel for the characters+Telltale Games' like stats at the end of a gameCons: the only con I mentioned reviewing the first game was the sad and hopeless ending. Now, that is out of the way, so i guess there isn't any cons?Overall, buy it. Definitely buy it. Full priced or on sale, doesn't matter. It's that much worth it."
76561198155411131,Recommended,523780,32025568,Posted: 28 May,all,WinterNatt,"This game is great, Emily is the worst."
76561198177288983,Recommended,523780,32000956,Posted: 27 May,all,Unmasked,"Same kind of game as the first, screw chapter 3, and different endings as well. amazing game"
,Recommended,523780,32011465,Posted: 27 May,all,Unasked,"It's alot like the first game but with a few changes such as, being able to talk to two people (which can be annoying at times)"
,Recommended,523780,31988226,Posted: 26 May,all,DoItAll,A seriously emotional train ride that was an amazing sequal to the first game. Just finished it and still feeling emotional
,Recommended,523780,32352179,Posted: 11 June,all,Aríllae,"Very similar to the orginal game and I like how it was expanded on with external links and extra characters. I completed one full playthrough and got all achievements in 4 hours, playing at a very casual pace. Enjoyed the experience and would recommend both games."
,Recommended,523780,32843546,Posted: 26 June,all,Saiyaman886,"Just like the first one, I enjoyed this so much I'm actually writing something about it. Giant nostalgia bomb for someone my age that really hit home at certain points. The ending I got was sad, realistic, and I felt like I was looking through my own eyes into the past.  It was beautiful."
76561198068286957,Recommended,523780,32021065,Posted: 28 May,all,Delran,I'm so glad this game helped me gathering the pieces of the broken heart that emily left me the first time.
,Recommended,523780,32113622,Posted: 1 June,all,Soul312,"Emily Is Away Too is such an amazing game! The dialogue is incredibly believable, and at least for me, it is very relatable!I loved the integration with the desktop, and the fake websites are just awesome! The break-ups made me tear up, as they honestly felt real, and the good endings left a fuzzy feeling in me.Overall, I'd give this game a 9/10, and I'd recommend it to anyone that wants to have one hell of an experience!"
,Recommended,523780,32398489,Posted: 13 June,all,Bodomi,"Just... amazing. Great dialogue and atmosphere, certainly lived up to the first game,Emily is Away.This is a simulation game of teenagers chatting to each other over AOL in the 2000s, 06 and 07 to be exact, and the accuracy is great, the writing is wonderful, all the typos, the dialogue and the atmosphere is stunning, almost comforting.The game is very emotional and manages to grab you.Even though it's just some teens chatting after school about stuff that wont really matter after a week, it's amazing.If you allow it to pull you in, if you allow it to overtake you with it's RPG aspects, it's great.There's romantic moments, there's sad and funny moments.It is really hard to write a long review for this sort of game. Just play it. The first one is free, play it and then buy this.Cheap, short but has replay-ability."
,Recommended,523780,32018428,Posted: 28 May,all,Nawreua,"In Emily Is Away, you played as a coward that couldn't express his feelings. Now in this sequel, you play as yourself, making decisions that really matters while being consistent during a whole year. A really good game, worth your time, even for one playthrough."
76561198404337570,Recommended,523780,33984651,Posted: 2 August,all,LSU_03,"Like it's predecessor, Emily is Away Too offers great relationship advice to be honest with your partner. This time, unlike it's predecessor, Emily is Away Too has a good ending."
,Recommended,523780,32549311,Posted: 18 June,all,Drew-Drew,"I didn't get friendzoned or turned down, wtf.I came to get my heart broken.♥♥♥♥ this game I hate it"
76561198265350801,Recommended,523780,32031604,Posted: 28 May,all,the holocost is nioce,outstanding game love it to bits. it makes you so connected with the characters and the choices you make will make a big difference some will bring happiness some will bring bad but in the end it broke my heart to see the ending i got.REALLY GOOD GAME
76561198189621301,Recommended,523780,32178602,Posted: 4 June,all,(Offensive),"I admit: this is a good game, It's fun and the characters are well-made. But there is one very specific problem I have with this game that left a sour taste in my mouth, and that would be the endings, or rather the way to get the ""Bad Ending.""so basically: over the course of the game, Emily and Evelyn will ask you questions, namely your favorite color, your favorite video game genre, your favorite music genre, and if you want to have a family after colledge. These questions are fine and all, but both of them ask you these questions, and if you make ONE inconsistency, even if by mistake, you get criminalized by whoever you end up helping more. And I would think this would be a good thing, being forced to be consitent/honest, but then there comes the dialogue choices: from what I remember, once on of them asks you if you want a family after colledge, you can reply with ""I'll take life as it comes,"" which for SOME REASON means you don't want a family, and that's what I chose, so then the other asked me if I wanted to ""settle,"" which I assumed meaning wanting my own house after colledge, becasue I didn't know what it meant and could only assume, so I said sure, and here comes the first problem: not that I didn't know what settling meant, becasue that's my problem, but the fact that saying ""I'll take life as it comes"" is a contradiction, and not only that, but that question in particular is one you would give a lot of thought into ,so once I chose the option that suited me best, being ""I'll take life as it comes,"" then not being given an equally suitable option in the other question, basically forces me to make a contradiction, I had no idea that saying ""I'll take life as it comes"" meant ""I don't want a family."" But touching back on me not knowing what settling was, even that can be seen as a problem of not making your questions clear enough. HERE WE ARE FOLKS, the ending is what♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most, so after booting up chapter 7 and Emily telling me ""I told Evelyn you made a contradiction"" I was like ""Well♥♥♥♥♥♥"" so after getting messaged by Evelyn a few times talking a bit, she starts to go off on me saying things like ""You have a different persona for each friend"" and ""How can I trust you,"" when I made ONE contradiction that I almost couldn't help, and not only that, but it was a MINOR ONE THAT CANONICALLY WAS MADE VERY LONG AGO. So we end up not talking to eachother because of one very minute and stupid decision of dialogue on the dev's fault. Because of this, I really don't want to go back and see the good ending."
76561198119097735,Recommended,523780,32287560,Posted: 9 June,all,[REDi]1R REC Black Jesus,"""cool beans"" btw great game and i got a great ending first try! Just too good..."
,Recommended,523780,31996592,Posted: 27 May,all,moeops,OMG JUST FINISHED THE GAME AND I'M DEAD.LOVE THIS GAME AND THE DEVS.Would recommend to anyone that wants to feel emotionally hurt.Absolutely great franchise and good to see that an Indie studio is pushing forward the name of Indie games.-Emily is Away Too 10/10Just as good as the first
76561198094960459,Recommended,523780,34401822,Posted: 21 August,all,Sir Skele | Cured... Probably,"""What the hell vick?!"""
76561198015377733,Recommended,523780,34379697,Posted: 20 August,all,Catch Me If You Can,"This game is kind of rush of nostalgia. You'll notice a lot of meme icons, game icons, music icons. It's literally a blast from the past on the choices they have selected of music, some which could possibly hit close to home. The interactions with your two choice of relationship partners are quite interesting, along with your choices and how it could affection the relation between Emily and Evelyn. What's enjoyable about the game is how even the smallest lie can affect your experience which can affect possibly your relationship; it's something you can really take out from the game and transfer to real life, so with that said, the amount of replayability you can get with this game is quite often, since you are given so many  choices, and their responses will be different, or later affected by that choice you make.  In any case this game will make you sad, or make you possibly feel like a sh** bag. But boy it made me sad, angry, and just quite depressedSpoiler Portion:I hate how Emily can get drunk and I drank from time to time and you get chewed out for it at the end and literally she started to flip on you. Like holy crap, also like that time sequence scene where you trying to cheer both your friends up?10/10 still gonna play the hell out of this game."
,Recommended,523780,32210761,Posted: 5 June,all,Kingpin,This game has a very entertaining story and is an overall good game with many endings to unlock.
,Recommended,523780,34224651,Posted: 13 August,all,fat_gorilla,"Great story, nice style of art, able to play how you want to, and made me feel un-lonely for a bit, who knew a game could make me feel loved."
,Recommended,523780,32625891,Posted: 21 June,all,human,"Emily is Away Too is a nice game for casual play. The conversations and responses you receive from both characters are creatively thought out and even can provide insight on how fragile human emotions are. The time period in which this simulation game is set has been thoroughly explored including many little quirks and easter eggs to enjoy while progressing.This is just a friendly styled game to enjoy, and is recommended if you like short one-on-one dialogue based, or a cheap simple method to pass the time. c:"
76561198157021224,Recommended,523780,33752185,Posted: 23 July,all,waffles245,"This game is something. Unlike the first game, you can actually get with Emily. Ironically, I have a friend who I crushed on for a bit called Emily. It's weird to hook up with a fictional person who shares similar character traits (and the same name) with someone you crushed on. It's a really good game, but I wish it was longer.P.S: Emily > Evyln"
,Recommended,523780,34296491,Posted: 16 August,all,Chambill,Money not too well spent too.Still recommend for the nostalgic feeling. There isn't really a game like Emily is Away.
,Recommended,523780,34298378,Posted: 16 August,all,ImNotSadAnymore,"I've written only one or two reviews in my entire 11 year span of having a Steam account.This game for 5 dollars provides all the feelings and nostalgia for a life I used to have, and while I don't relate with the characters entirely, for something so simple, and thought provoking to be created and have as much of an effect as it did on me emotionally, that 5 dollars is more than deserved.I applaud Kyle Seeley for creating this game, and I wait with baited breath for an Emily is Away Three."
,Recommended,523780,34332806,Posted: 18 August,all,ay.wo520,how long is this game update once more??? I really into this game and earnestly want to see a lot of new one in it
76561198084765751,Recommended,523780,34341765,Posted: 18 August,all,PhiIly,this♥♥♥♥♥♥made me wanna kill myself
76561198136458982,Recommended,523780,34337742,Posted: 18 August,all,Tinymanx,"Really incredible game. Definitely worth the money. Really feelsy, i think the reviews should be enough to convice you to buy it :P Perhaps some day an Emily is Away 3 :D"
,Recommended,523780,34298890,Posted: 16 August,all,TBG,Relatable
,Recommended,523780,34646081,Posted: 31 August,all,GraGoose,indeed
,Recommended,523780,34691977,Posted: 2 September,all,jeff.thomas36,a little short... but good gameplay if you dont mind a somewhat linear story.
76561198032632811,Recommended,523780,34799076,Posted: 7 September,all,CasualCheetah,DM slidding Sim 2007
,Recommended,523780,33337995,Posted: 7 July,all,edemerzel,"My review will mostly be in comparison to the first game, because it's free, so you don't really have a reason to play the sequel first.As you start up the game, you can already tell it's a different experience from Emily is Away. There has been more effort put into the sounds, there are more customization options, it interacts with your browser and desktop, over-all creating a much more immersive experience than its predecessor.The characters are much more realistic people, although still silly and young. It kinda feels like this sequel is also a reply of some sort to the first game, correcting its personality mistakes here and there. Emily finally understands her former fixations were ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.The story is longer and nicer. Some responses are timed and put a good amount of pressure on you to decide between messaging one person or the other. Your choices between various avatars or statuses matter.  The music selection you'll be playing in your browser makes sense, fits in the atmosphere and works with the rest of the game to bring you that nostalgia feel.And finally, different endings!! Choices matter!!"
,Recommended,523780,32962737,Posted: 28 June,all,nooty.,"Emily is Away Too-Yet again, I find myself devising a review to praise an Emily is Away game. I have nothing but positive things to say about the game, truly, the sequel does not disappoint. If you were at all captivated by the first game, you're in for that enjoyable ride for a subsequent time.Story-The game is centered around, of course, yourself, Emily and a new character, Evelyn. The game transpires from the Summer of 2006 to the Summer of 2007 (one year). Basically, you're the friend of the two female characters, who are seemingly polar opposites in terms of interests and personalities, a nerd and a punk. The decisions you make will determine how the game progresses. This is where I'll stop though, because you can indulge in the game and uncover your own narrative!Gameplay-The functionality of the game is the same but the developers have now added an option in the settings where, once you make a choice while talking to whomever you may be conversing with, it will automatically type it for you, suitable for those who'd rather sit back and watch the story unfold rather than ""typing"" along.-An average playthrough, based on the two I've completed, should last around an hour and fourty-five minutes to two hours depending on how much you choose to explore.-The game's autosave/save feature allows you to begin either where you decided to save it or at the games intervals of autosave.-You can also, if a mistake was made, restart the game/a chapter at any instance.If you restart Chapter 5, based on my observations, this negates the obtainable secret achievement which you discover on Matt's profile.-Unlike the first game, this game contains four endings, again based on my observations. The endings are split between either positive or negative.At least this time, depending on how you play, you won't get friendzoned. :P-Like most story-oriented games, the ending will present you with percentages of major decisions you made in the game so you can compare your unique story to others.Layout-First off, I'd like to say that the layout of this game is much improved from the predecessor. You're given an expansive variety of customization options, an extra character to interact with, and more secretive yet humorous unlockable icons, some entailing their own backstories.-Also, players are introduced to a more immersive experience as they are given links to extraneous websites, i.e. YouToob and Facenook, where they can view videos sent to them or profiles of characters in the game. On these sites, there are a multitude of actions you can perform such as browsing recommended videos popular at the time of your specific chapter, snooping through threads someone may make on their Facenook, etc.Rules of Thumb-From what I've accumlated, two rules a player must know whilst playing are, whatever you do,DON'T LIEandTHINK SMART.-Lying automatically sets you back in terms of progress. So, just remember that honesty is a necessity.-Decision-making is an apparent feature of the game and your ability to choose the correct options at given portions of the game is detrimental to the outcome you will receive.-Simply following this rule set, as difficult as it may be, will lead you to a desirable outcome.Conclusion-If you're a fan of this genre of game or even the first installment Emily is Away, I'd give this game an attempt, I think you'll enjoy it. Personally, this game gets my absolute, sincere 10/10, just as the first did for me. And heck, even if you don't like it, you can always refund it.-Thank you for reading my elaborately extensive review, if you did. I just felt inclined to give one of my favorite games a review that's both informative and helpful.Also, my apologies if my categorization isn't organized sufficiently and if I overlooked somewhat vital information, such things can always be fixed!"
,Recommended,523780,34855730,Posted: 10 September,all,UHadMeAtZombie,"The first and the second game were awesome, i really enjoy the story! Keep making these games, brings back so many memories <3"
76561197997975779,Recommended,523780,34885871,Posted: 11 September,all,OwnedSage,"So many great references, and you can actually get a happy ending.Just a grand time."
,Recommended,523780,34824804,Posted: 8 September,all,RíÓTae_,One of the best storys on Steam.
76561198044854849,Recommended,523780,34846805,Posted: 9 September,all,jaydengooden,Wish I could play it for the first time again.
,Recommended,523780,32377508,Posted: 12 June,all,JamezGamez,"I love the Emily is away series and I do like this one a lot and its really fun even though I was a tiny bit disappointed with it on how it was structured, it is still a great game."
,Recommended,523780,35211456,Posted: 25 September,all,bsteiny16,"Enjoyable to the extreme! Best $5 I've spent on Steam so far. Be honest with your answers and go in blind, trust me."
,Recommended,523780,35122327,Posted: 22 September,all,Hagabao v2.o,"I realize that people will have vastly different reactions to Emily is Away Too depending on how involved they were during the time period, their age, location, and whether or not they enjoy visual novels at all, but for five dollars I highly recommend you give it a shot.For three and a half hours, for better or worse, I was a teenager again. Kyle Seeley conjured a near-perfect snapshot of how it felt to be part of that internet community in the mid-2000s where all you had to do in order to avoid someone was setting your status to Away (or if it was really serious, Invisible). With songs that suddenly made me worry about my acne, how best to write that IM to my friend, and how my history exam would go, I found myself fully engrossed in the interactive story.Upon finishing the game (of which there are multiple endings), I'm hugely grateful that this game exists both as a trip down memory lane and as a story of its own. I'm also extremely glad I'm no longer a teenager."
,Recommended,523780,35147898,Posted: 23 September,all,Chicken Nugget,"Damn. this is flipping brilliant. sure its not the most fast paced game or action packed but damn does it get emotions running wild! Emily Is Away Too makes you feel so into the game with its different style of gameplay , using your own web browser - putting photos from the ""characters"" on your desktop. these small little techniques make the game feel so real. No spoliers - the games characters occasionally send you a picture which you can choose to download and it will send it to your real life desktop. they can also send you links which will come up in a makeshift youtube , ""youtoob"" making it feel like an alternate timeline.theres so many endings to this game! each time you finish one play through you unlock a different achievement depending on your ending, this unlocks a avatar in game which allows you to talk to different friends! the game is nuts, taking a simple game concept and turning it into an emotional rollercoaster.i really suggest this game if you want some excitement put into your life, but only if you make the right choice... things can get depressing."
,Recommended,523780,32661980,Posted: 22 June,all,^2 A BATHING APE,bettter than the first becuase you actually get some pussTHIS GAME IS ALSO BEST PLAYED WHEN LISTENING TO BLINK 182
,Recommended,523780,34354775,Posted: 19 August,all,-Bro- SKRAAL,The closest I will ever get to a real girl.Wish girls in my high school used instant messaging more :(
76561198079175426,Recommended,523780,34939277,Posted: 13 September,all,thirdchild,Thankful this exists.
,Recommended,523780,35195899,Posted: 24 September,all,Newo,Came here because of Kinda Funny.Did not disappoint.Finally found love that didn't cost over £10 <3Would smash again.
,Recommended,523780,32066368,Posted: 30 May,all,Tornado Punch,"Was chatting to Emily and she asked me what nickname I wanted.I had been spamming O and P to type, and didn't realise I had to type my name.She now calls me Oopooppo."
76561198145131489,Recommended,523780,35233026,Posted: 26 September,all,DJ André Marques,"The game is a masterpiece, but i hate the ending, so damn much.I'd give it a 7.5/10, it had an underwhelming ending that  really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, due to unrealism and how i could not change absolutely anything, telling her the absurdity of the situation and the blown-out of proportion drama.But then i realized i got mad because i genuinely liked the characters, the game is very good in it's own way. But the ending definitely left me with a terrible taste on my mouth. Just like the original Emily is Away, the game is extremely interesting and well executed but the ending is terribly infuriating."
76561198148399080,Recommended,523780,33512856,Posted: 13 July,all,ZombieOlly,Creates nostalgia when there's none to be had. 10/10
76561198194267722,Recommended,523780,32005249,Posted: 27 May,all,harri__,Honestly a game that I reccomend to everyone so much fun going through it as if it was real.
,Recommended,523780,32031452,Posted: 28 May,all,Kevö,Evelyn is bae
,Recommended,523780,31985705,Posted: 26 May,all,carbonfibah,Just paid $4.99 to be friendzoned.....
,Recommended,523780,32016331,Posted: 28 May,all,bilsantu,Screw immersiveness of this game.
,Recommended,523780,32004308,Posted: 27 May,all,POSIX,Friendzoned Part 2
76561198007556004,Recommended,523780,32371624,Posted: 12 June,all,Sharky,"Awsome sauce and cool beans, need I say more?"
76561198129253082,Recommended,523780,32565677,Posted: 19 June,all,Nyanotaku,Man... Im edgy and all but ♥♥♥♥ this game gets the feelings going. In the end this game is amazing and im happy i spent $5 for 17.4 Mbs! Keep up the great work!
,Recommended,523780,32656819,Posted: 22 June,all,Muzix_Bro_Hero,The perfect game for nostalgia. MSN days were pretty bomb. now im just lonely and i want to cry all the time. jk. im dead inside
,Recommended,523780,32861031,Posted: 27 June,all,Maru [Maruseru] |  マルセル,best Indie game ever!
76561198351754284,Recommended,523780,33033638,Posted: 30 June,all,PRETTY BOMBER HEAD,thanks you ruined my life
,Recommended,523780,32569889,Posted: 19 June,all,๖Cucish,"Really good game, At the end I hit the feels, I'm not gonna spoil this game but I will state my opinion♥♥♥♥.. About 20 mins ago from this post I completed the game and thing I can say is, don't lie. Evelyn my babes. I lied to her once and only once to make her feel better and it back fired at the end because of Emily. Losing Evelyn is like losing a real person and the in game character felt more real than my actual friends. this 100% is a tear jerker and as of right now, when i'm writing this, I'm tearing up.Dear Dev, Please allow the player to fix what the messed up at the end of the game.Good ♥♥♥♥ing Game, Evelyn <3Cucish"
76561198253519559,Recommended,523780,32463997,Posted: 15 June,all,BipBop1_1,"I played the first one, it was very good. But his one is so much more better. I love the fact that it has different endings now, even though I only got one as of yet. But I plan on getting more and more."
,Recommended,523780,32571633,Posted: 19 June,all,Numb,10/10 Would cri again.
,Recommended,523780,32451304,Posted: 15 June,all,KittenRobber,Enjoyed the game. Love all the fake sites haha. Super!
,Recommended,523780,32077284,Posted: 30 May,all,"Ricey, Professional 70's Pimp","if you were in 8th-12th grade around 2006 +/- a year or two then you will enjoy this game. Personally, I was playing both girls until it bit me in the♥♥♥♥♥ Now I'm restarting and trying a different, more honest method. Very fun, and fun easter eggs too as you play. Get this if you remember AIM, early FaceBook, etc.edit: And to the Creator...adding secrets like R&M made me a fan of yours forever."
,Recommended,523780,32522776,Posted: 17 June,all,Terashi,"Ladies and Gentlemen, and this is how you make a sequel!If you played the first game, this is the game that you need, and if you didn't please make a favor to yourself and go play it now, its free.First thing is the less you know about the game prior the playthrough the better your experience will be. After that sayed, at this day and age of gaming is hard to see a indie game be successful, and the sea of overflowing bad games that steam has,Emily is Away Toois a true Rare Gem. i just love the new ideas that got implemented.The videos/music that you can play at background for the game is for sure my favorite, was a nostalgic trip to say the least.This time you have two friends that you can talk, can you keep the conversation with both, do you focus in only one, or nether, is up to you. You'll have mutiple endings regarding your choises. The story is yours so mold it at your favor. And after you finish, no need to buy any dlc, just go get the codes that give you some interesting and funny mini conversations with famous people and characters.Now i cant wait to talk to emily on ""facenook"" messenger on the next game ,Emily is Offline(3)"
,Recommended,523780,34647510,Posted: 31 August,all,NordicRainy,"Only one problem with this: It's not real, and I'm never gonna get that text from Evelyn. My heart is forever broken.On a different note, I was genius with Evelyn's nicknames. I named myself Snake, and then it let me choose EVA as her nickname (I didn't even think of that possibility while naming myself). My MGS fanboy heart exploded."
,Recommended,523780,32008580,Posted: 27 May,all,BASH CAT,"hey guysfriendzone**laugh track**But on a more serious note, this game is incredible and well-worth the price. I love how seriously immersive it can get. Lots of easter eggs and references too."
76561198288659124,Recommended,523780,34822425,Posted: 8 September,all,n.pasou,finally getting out of the friendzone after two years: thats grand!
,Recommended,523780,32138328,Posted: 2 June,all,Brydello,This game gives me feels.So many feels.You should play this game.FEELS.
76561198080963637,Not Recommended,523780,32119427,Posted: 1 June,all,erd249,"If at any point you have or had that friend whose life constantly has massively dramatic upheavals that you HAVE to console them through and if you don't focus all your attention on them they throw a massive fit about how terrible you are and how much they're suffering and how dare you have your own life, regardless if you said you were doing homework, or are eating supper, or have other things planned that night, or have to take five minutes out to go pee, then do not play this game.  It will be a stressful pain in the♥♥♥♥♥If babysitting self-centered drama queens is your thing, however, go for it.Aka, game introduces a timer.  Is not even slightly to its benefit."
,Recommended,523780,31978149,Posted: 26 May,all,Lamborghini,"Waited too long for this! I love it! Even better than the first part, definitely worth buying!!"
,Recommended,523780,32040068,Posted: 29 May,all,Bluescotgamer,"awesomepassionatekyle seely is one of ,my favorate devlopers10.5/10"
,Recommended,523780,32040769,Posted: 29 May,all,mashou,EMILY YOU ♥♥♥♥FACE ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,523780,32016677,Posted: 28 May,all,DontBelieveInMe,I love this game
76561198173247250,Recommended,523780,32016957,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr Chicken,love it
,Recommended,523780,31981633,Posted: 26 May,all,zayedbez,"Great game, now there are two girls and twice the opportunities to get rejected10/10 would be friendzoned again"
76561198139897600,Recommended,523780,31995671,Posted: 27 May,all,λ - Gulle,Really good game
,Recommended,523780,32299995,Posted: 9 June,all,Enderking MC,It's the best thing ever
,Recommended,523780,32002847,Posted: 27 May,all,Panda,Amazing Game. Played it 2 times so far. Only been friendzoned once :). Happy to say there is an actual good ending!Enjoy:http://emilyisaway.com/youtoob/KmtzQCSh6xk/
,Recommended,523780,32216543,Posted: 6 June,all,Ciel,"Good story and everything, but the ending was a total letdown compared to the original one."
,Recommended,523780,32204081,Posted: 5 June,all,Mirfel,"This game is really great,however you wont have same experience if you are man as womani myself am woman and it just dosent feel nice like it would for man,i guessi recommend this game if you are maleif you are female it's still great but not same experience"
,Recommended,523780,32016535,Posted: 28 May,all,Araba düt düt,First game was about losing your crush.Second game is about losing your best friend.Cant wait the see what will i lose next.10/10 would lose again
,Recommended,523780,32789333,Posted: 25 June,all,xxxtentacion Dad,───────▄▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▄▄────▄▀▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄──▄▀░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄──█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄─▐▌░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄▄▄░░░░░░░▐▌─█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▄▄▄░░▀▀▀▀▀░░█▐▌░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀░░░░░▀▀▀▀▀░░░▐▌█░░░░░░░░░▄▄▀▀▀▀▀░░░░▀▀▀▀▄░██░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▐░░░░░▐▌▐▌░░░░░░░░░▐▀▀██▄░░░░░░▄▄▄░▐▌─█░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▀░░░░░░▀▀██░░█─▐▌░░░░▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░▌░░░░░░█──▐▌░░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░█───█░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐▀░░░░▄▀░░░▐▌───▐▌░░▀▄░░░░░░░░▀░▀░▀▀░░░▄▀───▐▌░░▐▀▄░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█───▐▌░░░▌░▀▄░░░░▀▀▀▀▀▀░░░█───█░░░▀░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀──▐▌░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░▄▀─▄▀░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▀█▀▀░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░░░▀░░░▀▀▀▀▄▄▄▄▄TFWNO VIRTUAL GF
76561198284148288,Recommended,523780,32097189,Posted: 31 May,all,Zero,"Here I am, I just finished the game, smiling like an idiot. This game is the ultimate roller-coaster of emotions, one moment you'll be smiling stupidly, and the next you're holding your head in your hands cursing at yourself. This game played with my emotions more than any person, animal, or thing ever could. This is a beautifully crafted masterpiece (with an amazing song choice, impossibly human characters, and moments in the game that no one could ever forget) that deserves the attention of everyone with a steam account, or anyone at all for that matter. I would have paid way more than $5 if I had known what this could have taken me through. Long-story-short, this is most probably the best game I've ever played, and I would gladly play it again."
,Recommended,523780,32099013,Posted: 31 May,all,Steel Hunter,"This game is pretty neat! There's multiple endings so that's a plus, about two hours of gameplay for ONE ending(Another plus), all around good and all. Dueces!"
76561198287035110,Recommended,523780,33263710,Posted: 5 July,all,ͲheƉriveⒷyⱩing™,If you anyway enjoyed the first one. Then your going to absolutely adore the second. You wont have to get sad and kill yourself because theres only bad endings. THERES GOOD ENDINGS!!!! Enjoy!
,Recommended,523780,31992549,Posted: 27 May,all,Officer_Bathtub,"Got the good ending, wish it went a tad longer."
,Recommended,523780,32135750,Posted: 2 June,all,NH | Carnage,"All I can say is wow...just wow. I haven't had a game affect me this much aside from Life is Strange, and it's just mindblowing.Overview:Emily is Away Too is a solid instant messager-style game where you talk with two girls whom are both friends of yours. It's a truly immersive game and often links back to what we use now, like YouTube, FaceBook, and everything. The girls talk about their interests, link you stuff, heck, even send you downloadable images. I've never seen this much ""fourth-wall breaking"" in a game, and the choices truly have an effect on the story (looking at you, TellTale). Everything just...falls into place perfectly and it all slowly builds up to an ending that is affected by your choices since the start of the game.The people you talk to feel genuine and real, and as a result, after beating this game, I feel empty, like there's a void in me, wanting more. I haven't felt this way since I beat Life is Strange, and it's a feeling that stuck with me for months, and it's really amazing how a 2D instant messager game could replicate that, all within the 2 hours it took for me to beat the game, I didn't even notice time go by! Moreover, this game doesn't tell the usual cliche story, and it will take many surprising twists and turns that you won't expect.Verdict:If you haven't played Emily is Away Too already, you should totally give this a shot without a doubt. For $5 this is a steal, it's a life-changing experience that will change your perspective forever. It's almost like a story that teaches you about the importance of having good morales. Buy it within a heartbeat, I definitely recommend it, Emily is Away was pretty good, but this just takes the cake for me. By far one of the best and most emotional games I've played in a long time.Score:10/10"
,Recommended,523780,33156863,Posted: 2 July,all,Skraydd,2 minutes in and I'm already in love with fictionnal characters.YouToob alone is is worth more than all AAA games together.11/10 - Would live 10 years ago again
76561198316605035,Recommended,523780,32087843,Posted: 31 May,all,buddybart49,"In the past, I watched Markiplier play all the entirety of the first ""Emily is Away"" game. I thought it was quite amazing and very good—especially for a free game—even if it was fairly short. When I saw the first episode of Jacksepticeye's playthrough of ""Emily is Away Too"", I was completely surprised on how much more immersive and detailed this one seemed to be. This game clearly was going for immersion and emulating the feeling of living in the era where the internet was about to hit its growth spurt. This game had so much going for it.One of the things that I noticed right away from it was the nice multiple person talking mechanic. In the first ""Emily is Away"", it was always just you and Emily—nothing more, nothing less. In this game, however, it was more than just you and Emily speaking. It made it feel more dynamic and more immersive as it approaches to hit the classic AIM feel. The conversations within the AIM parody also felt fairly geniune and realistic; to a fair degree that is considered. The biggest part that moved me was the realization that I cannot make everyone truly happy. Conflictions can and will occur—just like in real life. Upon realizing that, it really warped my playthrough for the better as I was struggling with all my might trying to make everyone as happy as can be to me focusing on a select person(s).Overall, if you are one to enjoy stories told through only the characters as well as stories that focus primarily on development of the characters, then this will be one great emotional ride for you. Otherwise, I recommend checking out ""Emily is Away"" first and then decide whether ""Emily is Away Too"" is worth the purchase."
,Recommended,523780,32378026,Posted: 12 June,all,GhoulishVixen,"I got dumped for being a virgin, it's just like real life♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥, you're gonna call me a liar and manipulative because I never got dicked down or touched a tiddyYou crusty butsy hoe, I'm so angry rnEmily, you need to ♥♥♥♥ing mind ya business!Ya'll I'm so ♥♥♥♥ing angry.Good game tho"
,Recommended,523780,32533560,Posted: 18 June,all,fat ash,♥♥♥♥ YOU EMILY YOU HIPSTER ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,523780,33336245,Posted: 7 July,all,TotalTechGeek,"It's a pretty awesome experience for the price of a coffee, and much more memorable than one too.It's definitely worth the $5."
,Recommended,523780,33495709,Posted: 12 July,all,What is a doujin?,This game made me feel like the happiest man alive for about ten minutes when i realized i ♥♥♥♥ed up and wanted to kill myself more than i already do in real life. 10/10 game.
,Recommended,523780,31985430,Posted: 26 May,all,mrkennystudios4,"I love this game. It's better than the first game by a lot. It's also much more emmersive, it feels like I'm in 2006 again. I would recommend this game to everyone!"
76561198146813275,Recommended,523780,33980897,Posted: 2 August,all,Chester,SDMKSMKDMCKDMKDMKMDKCDMCDCMDKCMKDCDMCKDMKCDMCKDCKDMCKDMKCMDKMKCDKCMKCMDKC
,Recommended,523780,31992586,Posted: 27 May,all,Baery,My wrist hurts during chapter 3.Great sequel to the original game.
76561198207718944,Not Recommended,523780,32177140,Posted: 4 June,all,John The Witch Hunter,"As the original was the first game on Steam I ever played, I was not hesitant to get Emily Is Away Too. I went through the game enjoying it, and although I understand the price, I don't think there was much extra content compared to the first game which was free. I certaintly don't regret buying it, and I reccomend it for you, although the replay is dull, considering that nothing in Chapter 1 matters. Chances are you will play this game through once, and then forget about the rest of it. Regardless its not bad for a first time playthrough. You will enjoy this game, although I do not reccomend spending the money just to get a happy ending."
,Recommended,523780,31984421,Posted: 26 May,all,Prizorgi,Emily made me cry in the first one.Emily is back.Evelyn made me cry because of Emily (or was it me?).GoodbyeGoodbyeGoodbye
76561198095397745,Recommended,523780,31983951,Posted: 26 May,all,CyberChief,"All the hype I had for this game was worth it. 10/10, better choice based storytelling than Telltale's games"
,Not Recommended,523780,33358059,Posted: 7 July,all,Lisianthus,"SPOILERS TO ONE OF THE ENDINGS IN THIS REVIEWIt started off good, this time it had 2 girls who you could talk to in case you hated Emily, and the fake retro websites were a fun addition, got to listen to some teenage emo music again.But towards the end it got really bad.I didn't like the first game because choosing to visit Emily ended up with her basically accusing me of forcing her to have sex despite me roleplaying a gay man the whole time. Back then the game seemed to assume the player is a horny straight boy who wants to bang Emily, and there weren't good options for saying: ""dude I'm gay, you having sex with me makes me the victim since you got me drunk on top of it all"". Anyway, this sequel suffers a lot from the similar problems. This time I roleplayed as a straight teenage girl, but both girls seemed to hint to them being into me as more than friends. I shut that down instantly by telling them ""by the way you're a really goodfriend"". One of them (Evelyn) eventually started calling me her best friend. We shared some things about each other, and meanwhile I kept being friends with Emily.Soon, they both needed my help with their teenage drama, and just like in real life, when I couldn't respond to Emily in time (read: within 5 seconds) since I had to juggle both of their conversations at the same time, she got upset and told me something along the lines of: ""gtfo, you don't care about me at all, let's not talk anymore"". Now, I do remember back in the days of instant messengers, people you were actively talking to could get upset if you didn't respond to them within 5 seconds of them sending you a message, but this was a bit much.My second, and bigger, issue with the game was when my BFF Evelyn asked me if I had ever had sex. Out of the three options, I chose ""kinda"" since I was roleplaying as a straight teenager who hadn't commited to the full act of sex, but had sucked on her fair share of boy meat. Instead of typing ""kinda"" my character actually ended up typing ""yes."" I didn't think much of this, as it's not a big deal, oral is kind of sex and I did choose the correct option. However, soon after that Emily asked me if I had had sex, and I told her ""just third base"" as it was the middleground option. She said ""wow me too that's so cool we are kinda similar hahaaaaa x x!"" It was neat, no big deal. In the last part of the game I found out the 2 had become friends with each other, and I could foresee some kind of a cuckold ending coming up. I expected me and my bestie to drift apart and having watching those two become best friends instead while I hanged myself in my one bedroom apartment after failing in my studies in college, without friends.To my surprise, this wasn't the case. What happened next blew my mind. Emily contacted me first. She said she and Evelyn had ended up talking about me, and as they talked they noticed their ""versions"" of me were different. Emily had told her the ""truth"" about me and I had no idea what she was talking about. She told me to talk to Evelynn, so I left her alone and went to the chat window of my best friend, whom I had supported throughout the senior year the game takes place in. She told me she was feeling sad, I asked her what's wrong. She said Emily told her I had lied about my virginity back then. I asked what the HECK. She said I had told her I'm not a virgin, but that I had told Emily I was a virgin. I was waiting for a chance to tell her I just gobbled on a few knobs and figured it counted as sex, but no such option presented itself. My options were to apologize, tell her it's not what she thinks, etc. There was never a chance to explain I just enjoyed getting some baby making cream in my mouth and she was getting upset over semantics. She got very mad with me, told me I had manipulated her and Emily by lying to them in order to get them to like me. She said we can't be friends at all anymore because of what a horrible liar and manipulator I am. That our whole friendship had been a lie.I was baffled. She really blew this out of proportion and never gave me a chance to tell her what actually was going on. All of this because back then I thought oral sex counted when she asked if I had had sex. And no way to explain it to her. We had been through thick and thin, she had been there for me, and I had been there for her when we suffered from teenage angst and abusive boyfriends. And now she wanted to end it all, because of semantics, because this developer didn't think through how the middle ground choices when discussing your virginity, would play out in the end game.I didn't bother playing through it again just to see if the ending is different if you go hard line and say yes or no to every question they ask. The way the first game's endings went, I don't expect this game to have any happy endings either.So, do I recommend this game? No. If it was free like the first game, I'd say give it a try, but don't expect either of these wenches to appreciate you for who you are, even if you save their lives many times over. They will hate you for the smallest thing, and they will backstab you even if you were nothing but good to them. Seeing as they're teenage girls, I guess you can at least say it's somewhat realistic. That may be one the few positive things about this game. Perhaps the game's purpose is to show the men and lonely girls who never got to experience teenage girl drama back in high-school the cold reality of teenage girls being unable to have meaningful friendships, and what few friendships they do have are fickle, and prone to break apart at a moment's notice."
,Recommended,523780,32031473,Posted: 28 May,all,ChapStique,Highschool Simulator 20179.5 tears / 10
,Not Recommended,523780,32452035,Posted: 15 June,all,9WhiteMask,"noNo, No and F***ing no! Emily is Away was awesome! This one? Not even as good as the previous one!Still, there's some good things added:- Music video through links, making the IM-like game closer to a IM of the time- Two people instead of one, so twice the choices- More colorful charactersAnd yet, here are the reasons I can't give the good rating:- Mirror dialogs on the second half of the game, killing the colors in those characters and making them more identical- Nothing completely unexpected happened- Stereotypical scene is obvious... and I'm mad for chapter three to be this obvious!- You get the fruits of what you do, unlike the previous game- Impossible to be a complete jerk. Yup, I did do this one ending in the previous game, because I was mad after failling over and over!- Impossible to get both of the characters mad toward me- Why not a fourth choice? We're still at three!All in all, I still took hours to play the game, and done four ending, hoping to have a better review for it! And no.I was a little surprised and a little happy on the first ending (Stay a Couple with Emily)I hated to see the f***ing mirror on the second ending (Stay a Couple with Evelyn)I sighed in the middle of the third playthrou, and the ending was... weird, since I lied the other way with my sexuality (said I was virgin to Evelyn and not to Emily, and yet just because of that Evelyn though I manipulated her)And I ended mad, doing this review because this fourth ending wasn't satisfying! (Make the best of the summer as a Couple with Emily)And now, I'm crying a little because this game isn't meeting my expectations! And f*** I do love those stupid teenager love stories when it's well done!"
76561198084696790,Not Recommended,523780,32766558,Posted: 25 June,all,Eek the Fireuser,"I really cannot recommend this game. Even when this game had the free ""Emily is Away"" version, it had problems, problems that aren't fixed in the sequel/full version. Let me begin:You play as you, and the game tries to be open about gender, but if you're a heterosexual female, you are going to be immersed in this, this game is really meant for heterosexual males, and borderlining on homosexual females. Anyway.The big problem I have with this game is what 99.9% of the game is, texting that is meant to feel real and natural. First of all, it is natural and feels real, until the final chapter. Before that, I would like to say how dialogue choices felt very decietful, like, for example, you would choose ""Yeah, I would like to hang out...."" but then your character says ""Yeah, I would like to hang out... just the two of us"". Stuff like this was a huge problem in ""Emily is Away"", and while it is almost non-existen in Too, it still pops up every now and then, which is very frustrating.Also, if you accidently choose the wrong dialogue choice, tough luck, you're stuck with it, no going back. How hard is to program in a go back button? Like come on!.Now, you might be wondering why I said the texting feels natural and real until he final chapter, and I'll try to remain spoiler-free. The final chapter is why I am not recomending this game, it has a REALLY BIG PLOT HOLE. And I mean like FRIGGIN HUGE, it's so major that it makes you feel like you've been cheated, the conversations go from natural and real to YOU'RE GOING DOWN THIS PATH ENJOY! Let me explain how this plot hole happens, minor spoiler here, won't go into details however. So, one of the characters early on asks if you want kids, you can either say yes, no, or maybe. I said yes, but then this other character, who doesn't want kids, asks if you want kids, again, yes, maybe, or no. This time I said maybe, and I answered both truthfully, I kinder want kids, but at the same time I'm not sure. Anywho, game goes on, and I get into a relationship with the person I said maybe to. Now this is where the plot hole comes into play. The other character told the one that I was in a relationship with that I wanted kids. Now, lets go through how a couple in real life would talk this out:- ""Hey, *Person's name* said you wanted kids, but you said maybe to me, feeling unsure about it?""- ""Yeah, I am""- ""Ok, let's talk this out""Now that seems like a real world thing right? Now let's go through how it happens in the game about real and natural feeling converstaions (The words in Brackets are my thoughts):- ""Hey, *Person's name* said you wanted kids, but you said maybe to me, why the ♥♥♥♥ did you lie to me?! Do you want to ♥♥♥♥ me?!""(Wait.... what?)- ""Yeah, I lied to you""(WAIT WHAT?!)- ""I feel betrayed, has our whole relationship been a lie?!""(WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU ON ABOUT!?)- ""I'm sorry, let's try to fix this""(Fix what?! I didn't lie to you!)- ""No, it's over, I don't know who you are anymore""(WHAT LIE ARE YOU ♥♥♥♥ING TALKING ABOUT?!)*Game ends*Kyle Seeley just forces you down a path, a path that feels unnatural, forced, bordering on cringe, and and feels very faked, in a game that is meant to be about realistic conversations that feel both natural and real. I honestly feel cheated with my money, too bad I can't asked for a refund I guess.TL:DR Game has a massive and forced ending that creates a massive plot hole that makse no senes and makes the whole game's story pointless and horrible. But it's good up to the final chapter, where the game enters shitville3.5/10"
76561198048497671,Not Recommended,523780,33588854,Posted: 16 July,all,bstrah,"Without spoiling...gives the illusion of choice, however usurps your choices to fulfil its narrow ""yes or no"" narrative. Why even give a third option? Worse yet, why make my ""maybe"" appear on the screen before deleting it and retyping it as ""no""?Frustrating game with no nuance. At least they got ♥♥♥♥♥y teenage angst right."
,Recommended,523780,31980745,Posted: 26 May,all,Ityer,Increadible game! A rollercoaster of emotions! The old-school browser was a great touch. It made it feel a lot more genuine
76561198174565422,Recommended,523780,31980807,Posted: 26 May,all,Monzis,"I litteraly just bought the game and played it all in one sitting and I'm scarred for life, BUT!!! The good thing is that this is now my favourite game! Good Job! I LOVE YOUR GAMES SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198081183274,Recommended,523780,31991390,Posted: 27 May,all,Isam,Great Game!At some point you even forget it's just a game!
,Recommended,523780,31980665,Posted: 26 May,all,SquaredSpekz,This game is an emotional rollercoaster.10/10.Seriously.
,Not Recommended,523780,32713562,Posted: 23 June,all,MaxBock,In Emily Is Away Too there is next to no change. The only changes i detect are graphics and a few more options on the main menu.
,Recommended,523780,31979427,Posted: 26 May,all,grantai,"Honestly, the first one was really great and♥♥♥♥♥♥but it always had more or less the same outcome.But this time instead of 1 girl, you get 2. And did i say it has multiple endings?More ways to get friend zoned!"
,Not Recommended,523780,32136310,Posted: 2 June,all,ヅライヒープ,"This is a real toss-up, but for the time being I'm going to have to not recommend this game.To determine if you want to play this game, try the original. It's free, and it's not too long. The original Emily is Away brought be back to the golden years. It really encapsulated the time. It was short, melancholy, and sweet. This one also offers the 'time-travel' element of feeling like you're back in the mid-2000's internet era, using aol and early youtube.This one appears to be a larger scale version of the original. The first three chapters do this fairly well, and had me smiling many times. There are certainly some unique mechanics not present in the original here, which I found very entertaining. However, towards the final act of the game, the story feels rushed and incomplete. The ending of the story can be very largely influenced by the first two chapters of the game. What feels like innocuous answers to the girls' questions will determine the end of the game, in many cases. The rest of the story doesn't matter as much if you give the girls different answers. This is very unrealistic, and it negates the implicit relationship that the characters have outside of the AIM messages.While the original encapsulated the melancholic feeling of losing someone through inaction, this game too often gives the feeling of frustration that you have sunk an hour into a futile endeavor. The characterization breaks down completely at the final chapter. Regrettably, I am giving this game a thumbs down until it is updated to have a more cohesive flow and ending. I'm not saying to hold my hand and have happy endings all the time, but there is no way to escape the ""you told her you liked punk, but you told me you liked alternative. Existential crisis!"" dialogue, and repair the relationship, unless you claimed to have only one interest at the first chapter.Really, beyond the first chapter and a later chapter (with a rather interesting mechanic), not too much matters here. While that was the point of the original, here it feels disingenuous. It's just frustrating, and it feels like a waste of time. You can predict the ending at the beginning of the game with one reply choice. Not good design. It should take an accumulation of dialogue into account, which it does to an extent, but only a few. And some are weighted far too heavily.Again, a regreattable thumbs down until re-worked a bit."
,Recommended,523780,32304671,Posted: 9 June,all,Yosh,it doesnt really matter what ending you get it really gets the emotions going
76561198042120701,Recommended,523780,32016972,Posted: 28 May,all,l.,i got the girl
,Recommended,523780,32274808,Posted: 8 June,all,Cowman911,.
,Not Recommended,523780,32138160,Posted: 2 June,all,WombatCombat,"This game/interactive story would be a middle thumb if steam had them, it is very close on this one for me anyway.The game itself is all played in a AOL chatbox with some very intresting mechanics. You first have to pick a background for your desktop, now the background it gives you is for your actual computer desktop, turn it on for the maximum AOL-days immersion, You then pick a screen name and input your first name and choose an avatar, from then on you chat too 2 different female characters, That's the game. Trying to avoid spoilers as much as possible you have to talk to them about the usual teenager issues that are pretty boring and such. The game is bland and I never got that attached to the characters. I once messed up and did something stupid and one of them blamed me and instantly logged off, I assumed to go kill themselves but they showed up in the next chapter. It continues and finally I get to the final point of the game, I now would get too see how I and these people ended up in the end.This is what happened:I onced lied to one of the girls and then said the truth to the other and they became friends and because of this they told each other and then one of them got mad at me and leftI spent 2.7 hours of my life for that, The reason I think this game is in the middle is because the interface is really well done at what it tries to do and the mechanics are solid, sometimes in the game someone will send you a file and it downloads onto your actual computer and you can look at it as an actual PNG, sometimes people send you links to videos and they lead to a kinda pixelated youtube site that was made for the game. I can see why some people would enjoy the story but for me it was bland and not my kinda thing but after 3 chapters I said ""I have came this far, I won't stop because It may get intresting"" Unlucky for me, it never.I was going to give this game a thumbs up but then I thought, for a interactive story the storry was pretty sh*t so it deserves the No I am giving it now, but only just, if the story was more intense such as Orwell with the mechanics it has, it would have been a great game, But a bland story made this game a bore to get through. Hey, It linked me to some good music though, so that's a plus.TL;DR  2.5/5 - A game that brings you back to the days of AOL with some intresting mechanics but falls short in story and becomes a bore fairly quickly."
,Recommended,523780,31990133,Posted: 27 May,all,prince stupid,WHO'S AWAY NOW EMILY!?
,Recommended,523780,32739427,Posted: 24 June,all,AlmondSalty,MY FEEEEELLLLLSSSSSSS
76561198151523910,Recommended,523780,32010718,Posted: 27 May,all,Mr_shwifty.exe,emily is awayis loveemily is awayis life
,Recommended,523780,32005482,Posted: 27 May,all,Fairzz,"ULTIMATE FRIENDZONE/CUCK SIMULATORPros:-+ Effectivly Got Cucked+ Got her to call me ""Daddy"" for most of the game+ Called Their Boyfriend's/Ex's D1cks+ Got to appear to be a nice person when really im Satan+ Pretend to like ""Punk Rock"" and ""Snow Patrol""+ Manipulate 2 teenage girls without the police showing up+ Victim Blaiming before it was frowned upon+ All The Chick just want your d1ck if you say the right thing+ No Tumblr+ No Twitter+ No Finebros+ No Ad's On Youtoob+ Mark Zuckerberg before he bagan stealing detailsCons:-- Get Cucked Hard- Get Friendzoned hard- No Cam2Cam bbz chat option- No Cam Option all together- Unable to send d1ck picks- Unable to lock bedroom door to fap whilst typing one handed whilst getting cucked- Lack of Bikini Pictures on Facenook- No Fap Worthy Video Hosts- Dial Up Internet- File Transfers- Two whiney Ho's who dont bang you.- No Bros11/10 would get cucked again!"
,Recommended,523780,32034274,Posted: 28 May,all,Sad and Boujee,"Ever watched the rise and (messy) fall of a ""power couple"" at a 2006 era high school? Here's a 2 hour long interactive breakup over AOL based on it."
76561198144626634,Recommended,523780,31982384,Posted: 26 May,all,Mr.BuNNy>>,bestgame
76561198304179063,Recommended,523780,31982446,Posted: 26 May,all,kenny,10/10 *DID NOT* get friend zoned again
76561198130510932,Recommended,523780,32042552,Posted: 29 May,all,nguyen_luongminh,You people pay five dollars just to get friendzone? Hah! I get friendzoned for free IRL.
,Recommended,523780,32058420,Posted: 30 May,all,birdy,its really good and you should play it. Need i say more?
,Recommended,523780,31987402,Posted: 26 May,all,Diggle,"Came for Emily, got tired of her being a ♥♥♥♥♥ and decided to go with Evelyn.  Apparently telling Emily you think Steve is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is not the right way to go.  Oops!"
,Recommended,523780,32169818,Posted: 4 June,all,catpool,"BEST GAME EVER! But don't take this the wrong way,you won't want to play this game again. Because the end is so ♥♥♥♥ing sad. I tried to mack the both side happy,but in the end,I screw everything up,I picked the option whithout thinking.But in the end,they just ask me 'Did you even listening to me?'"
,Recommended,523780,32482481,Posted: 16 June,all,ButterBro,F**k.
,Recommended,523780,32756668,Posted: 24 June,all,KrEwL_OvErLoRd,I played Emily Is Away (The first game) and enjoyed it. Ending Kinda Left me wanting more.THIS IS THE MOREVICK AND NORTY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SThey are not 18 year old girls they are 35 year old MEN on RUNESCAPEBuy this game.Play This GameEnjoy This Game
76561198159481172,Recommended,523780,32018968,Posted: 28 May,all,Spenix,10/10 emily will ruin your life again
76561198064433447,Recommended,523780,32009756,Posted: 27 May,all,Oneir,Buy It :(
,Recommended,523780,32937572,Posted: 28 June,all,FSgt. A. Switz [3rd MAR],"Proof that I cannot even get a girlfriend in a video game.  A+But seriously, I stumbled on this game and it's insane 98% positive rating and said what the h-ell.  I would not call this the most intense story ever, but I can say it was the most real."
,Recommended,523780,33024305,Posted: 29 June,all,Kenstar,This game made me emo again.
,Recommended,523780,33636713,Posted: 18 July,all,tl0306,"This game is simply amazing. I have played the first one a few days after release, and it instantly gripped me. The characters are interesting and the story really takes you back to high school (which wasn't too hard for me since I am still in high school myself). If you want to see what this game is like, play Emily is Away, the first game, and if you like it, you are going to love this one. I will be posting spoilers below about this game, a personal story that goes to show just how much this game has gripped me. If you want to go in blind, don't read it.From the beginning of the game, I kind of went with Evelyn. I liked her music style and personality way better than Emily, who is basically a copy of the Emily of the first game. Then the third chapter came, and you have to talk to both of these people at the same time, with a timer. I tried to talk to both of these people at the same time, since, even though Evelyn was way better than Emily in my opinion, I didn't want to lose my friendship with her. That's right, I felt like I was emotionally attached to these people. But I f*cked up.  The timing thing wasn't even the hardest, I knew how to keep the conversation going, but I made one mistake, messing up the two conversations with Evelyn. This hurt her so much that she went offline. I finished the chapter and ""signed off"" as well, feeling broken about how I just lost what felt like a best friend to me. I finished it a few days later, being awkward with Evelyn and ending up with a relationship with Emily, but something still felt sour with me.So yeah, play this game if you enjoy story-driven games or visual novels."
,Recommended,523780,31984894,Posted: 26 May,all,Useless Information,what a ♥♥♥♥ing incredible experience. I especially like that you can actually hook up with either of these girls rather than get a swift kick in the balls like the first one did.
,Recommended,523780,33810448,Posted: 26 July,all,Yukiterror,"This game has such a beautiful atmosphere OMG. Tbh i love this game so much, cause it brings up memories of passed times back c:"
76561198025214848,Recommended,523780,32421967,Posted: 14 June,all,tw-nomad,IM SO ♥♥♥♥ING SORRY EVEE WHYYYYYYYYYY
76561198118399792,Recommended,523780,32077853,Posted: 30 May,all,nashorhur,DISAPPOINTED ENDING SUCK YOU GET A GOOD FEELING OUT OF THE GAME IT GETS YOU IN A GOOD MOOD THEN EVEN IF YOU GET A GOOD ENDING ITS FALLS SHORT ITS NOT EXPENSIVE SO ITS A DECENT GAME
,Recommended,523780,32713925,Posted: 23 June,all,Exitium,"Ended up alone, just like real life.10/10.:^)"
,Recommended,523780,32127490,Posted: 2 June,all,Moon,Truly a great game.I loved it.I completed the game already. But I'm going for more endings.I got an ending that 3.6% of players got :PGreat job!!! <3 :D
,Recommended,523780,31996068,Posted: 27 May,all,[P] Rock,"It's an interactive text adventure. If you've played Emily is away, it's exatly like that, just better. This one is centered around 2006, rather than several years of college, there are two characters to talk to, and it's just as interesting as the previous title. Unlike Emily is Away, however, there are also multiple endings.If you liked Emily is Away, which is free, give this a whirl. I think it's definitely worth the price."
76561198041691804,Recommended,523780,32086593,Posted: 31 May,all,jojo4024 le seul l'unique,"That's for sure a good game, like the first one..."
76561198170154707,Recommended,523780,32031367,Posted: 28 May,all,Sawooshy,whenever i click the URL link it crashes my game
76561198057501990,Recommended,523780,32047122,Posted: 29 May,all,Chladovan,Amazing game. Still can't believe I didn't get friendzoned. 11/10Even tho I got the good ending I am still emotionally ruined wtf...I guess it reminds the good old teenage days.
76561198169131721,Recommended,523780,34851938,Posted: 9 September,all,Maximus Keksimus Meridius,"I wanted my heart back after Emily is away tore it apart.The game wouldn't give me the much needed closure and opportunity to replay things over.However, it turns out Emily is always away. So the answer doesn't lie thereAlso, WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUB10/10"
,Recommended,523780,32045775,Posted: 29 May,all,taiga,This game is amazing. The feelings are real.
,Recommended,523780,32046516,Posted: 29 May,all,SirGbaby,"Tried to smash, don't know if I did or not."
,Recommended,523780,34900956,Posted: 12 September,all,JM,"SCREW EMILY AND EVELYN, THEY'RE THE REAL JERKS, WHO NEEDS THE, ANYWAYS?! NOT ME...*sobs uncontrollably*"
76561198085460346,Recommended,523780,32214210,Posted: 5 June,all,AtomGamers3819,Had more interaction and deeper conversations than I've ever had in my life5/7 (=  15/10)
,Recommended,523780,32014028,Posted: 28 May,all,CallOfDutyShootAMan,"Emily is Away was honestly one of my favorite games of all time, just for the sake of it being so true to the ways I felt in those periods of my life and how I handled my relationships, and this game has built upon that and improved.I honestly lived a very similar situaiton to the person you play in this game. I dated someone just like Emily just before I ended up dating a person just like Evelyn a week later in 2013, and it was one of the most heart wrenching things I ever went through. In my first playthrough, I chose to puruse Evelyn (who liked the same music and acted the same way as my first serious girlfriend), and everything she said brought back so many memories that literally brought tears to my eyes. When she sent me a link for Your Guardian Angel by The Red Jumpsuit Aparatus, I was immediately sent back to that night that the first girl I ever loved unconditionally sent me the same song and told me that she loved me for the first time. This game will pull at your heartstrings, even more so if you've lived these kinds of situations.The dialogue felt very realistic to how I and others I knew around senior year of high school talked, and the timed answers mechanic worked well for how the story plays out. I felt like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥for not getting to an answer quick enough for Emily and watching her log out because of me hit me just like the first game, and my heart pounded in my chest when Evelyn said she thought she loved me, just like the first time I heard it from my ex. This game made me smile genuinely and feel terrible all in 2 hours, which I love so much. If you're on the fence about it, save 5 bucks and please get it. This game is expanding my perspective on what makes a game good and how much influence it can have on how we think and feel.10/10 seriously going back tomorrow to cry like an emo teen again*edit - I forgot to add that if you play this game, I'd reccomend leaving whatever music they send you on, because it adds to the atmosphere in a great way. I saw this advice on the first review I read, and I can't thank that guy enough"
76561198269339002,Not Recommended,523780,35005901,Posted: 16 September,all,rooneyback01,good game but not good as the first game
,Recommended,523780,32001696,Posted: 27 May,all,Best,♥♥♥♥in eva made me wanna cry
76561198055426523,Recommended,523780,31980775,Posted: 26 May,all,mandri,intense new game mechanics! immersive! swell! the conversations and their outcomes felt really real and personal. it was a great time.
76561198168862742,Recommended,523780,31991551,Posted: 27 May,all,Acvilon,"Awesome game, that's all I've got to say..."
,Recommended,523780,31980799,Posted: 26 May,all,Noodle,"This is now my favorite game, and it just came out."
,Recommended,523780,31980331,Posted: 26 May,all,Pickle Rick,heartbreaking emotional and fun :D I WANT MOREEEEEE
,Recommended,523780,31980863,Posted: 26 May,all,Sin,MY FEEEELIIINGSSS ! IT HURTS ! However this one is better and longer than the first game ! I WANT MOOOORE ! The Dev is amazing ! THANK YOU !!!10/10
76561198105508483,Recommended,523780,31980879,Posted: 26 May,all,Linc,This game is great. I just hope they add updates for new chapters
76561198082985691,Recommended,523780,32093145,Posted: 31 May,all,ZephyrXZ,"It's a genius game which brings back some great memories from the old days, The story is stunning, its really immersive and you really live into it after a while. Its amazing for the little price you have to pay. the cost is outweighted in chapter one.The only sad part is that its.. relatively short and it doesnt take more than a couple of hours to finishI also wish the game would continue from the endings. like.. further updates... dlc's and so on later on in the coming weeks or months. Because i really really want to continue where i left off with the ending i got. which was staying together with evelyn. But hey, If im lucky, maybe there will be some update or a dlc for the first time in the game's history to let us (the players) continue the story from where we ended. maybe a prologue... or just.. an entire life after college and maybe acting out college in the game.. the possibillities are endless and i genuinly hope the developers are not done with the game yet. I crave for more and im sure im not the only one that wants more.Please Mr/Ms Developer. Give us more.Let us continue from where the game ended,.. let us immerse ourself further into the life of the old days. Let us continue the relationship, let us do more things.Sincerely - Zephyr"
76561198177395514,Recommended,523780,35012551,Posted: 16 September,all,bill nye the burning guy,get this game for the story
,Recommended,523780,32219230,Posted: 6 June,all,Slapudul,Great game!
,Not Recommended,523780,33131978,Posted: 2 July,all,Mirarara,"I tried to come into this game with high hopes and a positive attitude. I didn't like the first game but I knew this was going to be better, but it barely wasn't. Not only is ittoocliché and unrealistic most of the time (and this is coming from someone who used MSN/etc. during this era), it's also way too linear and planned out beforehand. Your choices do make a difference in what ending you'll get, yes; but most often, the three choices you get in a conversation are way too similar. It's mostly just synonymical sentences and not choices that will actually change the course of the game.And also, dear dev team, please don't force me to be nice to Evelyn. She's horrible."
,Recommended,523780,31978858,Posted: 26 May,all,WheezySniper,This game is life changing... It will bring you back to 2006 in a heartbeat.
,Not Recommended,523780,32916763,Posted: 28 June,all,CannedMuffins,"Played through the game twice. The choices were very transparent as to what would happen. Also my relationships ended between both people because I lied about something that was really insignificant. Not as deep and ""heart-felt"" as some say it is. It was cheap though so I can't complain too much but if you're in high school with petty drama or have expierenced high school with petty drama you're not missing out."
,Recommended,523780,33125629,Posted: 2 July,all,IAmMarshicus,Cucked Simulator 2.0 - this time with less cuckery and more nostalgia!
76561198379951948,Not Recommended,523780,32813751,Posted: 26 June,all,ItzYoshi666,Its not fun and really boring not recomended.
76561198039100806,Not Recommended,523780,33013366,Posted: 29 June,all,Manwell Pablo,Got to the last section and they were saying how I told different things because i told one i didnt want to settle down straight away and the other that I wanted to have kids at some point.
,Recommended,523780,31980460,Posted: 26 May,all,Rookie,"After completing the game within two hours, and developing a ""serious"" relationship with two non-exist characters, I feel salty for getting dumped by emily again. GG no reYou ruined me Evelyn.Also the music the characters introduce is fitting and a nice touch. Very nostalgic.http://emilyisaway.com/ytmnd/snoopkirby2/'nuff said"
,Not Recommended,523780,33105861,Posted: 1 July,all,『T♂m』 ˙͜ >˙,This review is exactly what I thought<--- click hyperlink
76561198146948077,Recommended,523780,31991577,Posted: 27 May,all,Cain,"Damn it. DAMN IT. I THOUGHT AFTER EMILY WAS AWAY I COULDNT BE EMOTIONALL MANIPULATED MORE BY A GAME AGAIN.This game hurts. It's real. The writing is perfect, gameplay makes sense and the emotions in the this game are too real. This game can read and predict and portray emotions better than anything ive experienced before. Holy hell.This is a 100% recommenendation. Just buy this and dive in. Just bring tissues..."
76561198086223816,Recommended,523780,32055744,Posted: 29 May,all,adr0it,just short enough for me to playthrough the whole thing and then refund it.
76561198360753925,Recommended,523780,31992714,Posted: 27 May,all,GalaxyWolf_YT,awesome game
76561198053931662,Recommended,523780,33211165,Posted: 3 July,all,Bob Jenkins,Fantastic. Hoping for a third installment! Well done Kyle Seeley
76561198285917412,Recommended,523780,32047367,Posted: 29 May,all,meatball,"best waifu 13/10. gret game. rolld up. trid nut too cri. cri alot. gott bamboozled. don be 2-timer. But seriously, f*** chapter 3!"
76561198089827088,Recommended,523780,32108963,Posted: 1 June,all,Pizza Time,"What a fantastic game. I physically have no cons to a game like this, only pros.Pros-Deep, amazing story-Loveable characters-Great soundtrack-Addition of the internet makes it 20 times betterAt first, I thought I wouldn't like Evelyn because I had already been with Emily frorm the first game. But in the end, I love them both, and actually ended up with Evelyn.My only tip is to listen to the ""youtoob"" music while playing. It sets the atmosphere and makes it so much better of a game.$5 is way too little for a masterpiece of a game that you can tell came with lots of hard work and dedication."
,Recommended,523780,32011350,Posted: 27 May,all,친한Friendly,"Yeah this hits home personally but not as dramatic as punk4eva over here lol, Honestly though this really is something that will hit you in the feels but these other reviews can explain better than I can. Definitely worth the money and best I've spent.. I'm hoping for more games like this from the same devs and this is the first game I've ever been interested into finishing in 1 sitting."
,Recommended,523780,32111285,Posted: 1 June,all,Rarky,"I loved it, just like the first one.Emily is Away Too is a simple interactive and nostalgic chatting simulator that takes you back to senior years in 2006 and is a game which leaves big impact upon your thoughts and emotions.But I overall recommend the first game over the second due to how it kind of forces you in to being a character you may not intent to be plus a few other things in this, where as in my opinion, made the first one feel greater in those aspecst, but not to mention that the original is also free(I still supported the developer for the 5 dollar donation/purchase though).But that doesn't mean it's bad, far from,I do highly recommend this game if you've enjoyed the first one a lot."
76561198155782794,Recommended,523780,32001316,Posted: 27 May,all,Trainfan2015,one of the best games  ever a real insight to what the internet was like in 2006
,Recommended,523780,32477323,Posted: 16 June,all,么 F^nk 么,ok dont BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥EMILY IS A ♥♥♥♥INH HORE U WASTE 3 HOUTS IN RL TALKING TO HER AND SHE ♥♥♥♥INGG BREAKS UP FOR 1 LIE SHE IS JUST A FAT HORE GO ♥♥♥♥ YOUR SELF I ♥♥♥♥ING WASTED MY 3 HOURS OF MY LIFE ON THIS HELL NO DEVELOPERTS  I WANT 100 EUROS BACK FOR WASTING MY ♥♥♥♥ING LIFE THIS GAM IT SO STUPID I ALMOST GOT CANCER LVL 100000000 ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥Note:I love emily is away but she really acted like ♥♥♥♥♥ at the end :o i dont recommend buying this game
76561198111634590,Not Recommended,523780,32494219,Posted: 16 June,all,Ksako(Alex),.*
76561198141483079,Recommended,523780,31979367,Posted: 26 May,all,Mr. Boonana,AMAZING GAME!I'm only on chapter 2...AND I LOVE IT!
,Not Recommended,523780,35361346,Posted: 30 September,all,𝖋𝖑𝖆𝖗𝖊𝖌𝖚𝖓,"Not really into the storyline, you sit there reading messages."
,Not Recommended,523780,32042393,Posted: 29 May,all,Vespertellino,It felt like repeating the same conversations that leads to nowhere honestly. All the same in every chapter. Maybe I made some wrong decisions? Dunno. No motivation to retry.
,Not Recommended,523780,32032957,Posted: 28 May,all,"Nick Polom, The Cafeteria Worker",Not enough clarity between choices... you could mean one thing and it gets interpreted the rest of the game as something else. My experience was honestly ruined by the poor selection of choices you could make. It was certainly a ballsy move making this game five dollars.
76561198347036936,Not Recommended,523780,32275479,Posted: 8 June,all,PatraKlailee,it doesnt work on mac computers
,Not Recommended,523780,32038345,Posted: 29 May,all,Luigi,Man this game had crazy potential... great GUI. Great development and nostalgia.. but my ending!? ARE YOU SERIOUS!? No spoilers but treated as such anyway...but got my virtual heart broken over some stupid stuff... I don't think my ending would cause real drama in a relationship... Em blew up my♥♥♥♥♥♥ i was sooo nice....
76561198022052894,Not Recommended,523780,32049685,Posted: 29 May,all,Monnsteri,Emily's still a psycho kunt.Cuck simulator 2017.
,Not Recommended,523780,33589758,Posted: 16 July,all,Zed Clampet,"These games are horrible depictions of fickle, unreliable women. I purposely sabotaged the game at the end because I would never beg a psycho woman for anything. On the other hand, in real life I've had long-lasting relationships and have been married for 22 years, but if the women I met in real life were anything like Emily or Eva, I'd have dumped them so fast they wouldn't have had a chance.But here's the worst sin of this game. I tried to be honest the entire time and the game didn't reward me. It changed my answer and then punished me for it. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t game."
,Not Recommended,523780,32030326,Posted: 28 May,all,ney,time thing ruined this sh*talso very boringalso can barely edit anythingalso feels identical to the first gamealso is very boring
76561198315667957,Not Recommended,523780,32000501,Posted: 27 May,all,Zedorio,"The time limits make it very stressfull because you have to quickly pick one of the alternative and spam your keyboard, It does'nt make it easier with two ""People"" you have to chat with."
76561198349282900,Not Recommended,523780,32746235,Posted: 24 June,all,richquintero682,its trash
,Not Recommended,523780,32047479,Posted: 29 May,all,Xd fAgOt Xd,This game is just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥all you ♥♥♥♥ing do is get a girlfreind that you just ♥♥♥♥ing lose as the game starts to end. Just♥♥♥♥♥♥if only i could refund it
,Not Recommended,523780,31987100,Posted: 26 May,all,Gopas csgoatse.com,Very boring game.
,Recommended,523780,31981093,Posted: 26 May,all,cat.nip,Honestly one of the best games I've ever played.
76561198164895919,Recommended,523780,33218347,Posted: 3 July,all,hamsterdance,"This was a very sweet and moving game, not entirely dissimilar from the first, but with a different perspective on the same themes. I think it's worth playing even if you didn't like the original.While I feel that many people were frustrated with the ending of the first game for the wrong reasons, I admit that its message may have been hard to take, or easy to miss. That was a game about being powerless in the face of the passage of time, and the inevitability of growth and change that sometimes leads people on divergent paths. Something most people are loath to accept in their own lives, much less in a fictional world where a level of control and influence is generally assumed. I personally liked the original game a lot, but this one made me happier.All the little nostalgic touches were really nice, and I was pleased to see that the charm and wit of the first game is also present here. Once you start playing it's obvious that your choices make more of a difference in this game than the last, which serves a different narrative purpose and I think will please a lot of people; luckily, it manages not to feel too much like pandering to those who disliked that aspect of the first game.If you were interested in the first one at all I'd give it a shot."
76561198015992690,Recommended,523780,32419280,Posted: 14 June,all,Benito Mussolini,-start a game-make some choices-end-realise this is a game-cry-repeatGreat game 11/10
,Recommended,523780,33050283,Posted: 30 June,all,잉어킹,"Amazing game, amazing memes, amazing story"
76561198042788684,Recommended,523780,33064129,Posted: 30 June,all,Sputnik the Hoots,Worth all your money. This game can make grown men cry tears of sorrow. BUY THIS GAME!!!!!
,Recommended,523780,33065354,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr Oysterhead,I really really really like the idea and the mechanics here. Theres just so much lost potential on the delivery. This game is a cringe factory and I cant tell if that's what they were going for this. Friendzone the game / Cringe Factory. Thumbs up because I like the concept and the work put into it. It's clever.
,Recommended,523780,32999669,Posted: 29 June,all,vACLav,"great game, the onyl game i know where i started stressing about a punk gf in game and in real life,i cannot recommend enough"
,Recommended,523780,33010175,Posted: 29 June,all,Depression After Nagasaki,"Emily is Away Too is what a good sequel should be. You take all the pros from the original and add to that. A major con of Emily is Away was that it was just lack a features. This is fixed with the numerous other features such as Facenook and YouToob which was a nice touch that gave the game a more unique feel. It would've been nice if the pages had some more features but it was fine.Pros:Great nostalgia value if you grew up your teens in the 2000s.Nice authentic feel with the game soundThe characters can feel pretty realistic and you can bond with themCons:I found that the characters did act a bit rash in some cases that made me a bit annoyed, the whole computer aspect of the characters could show.I always disliked the timed responses, mainly because it was weird where you could leave them on for hours and they wouldn't say anything but the second you miss a second before the timer runs out you're all of a sudden an asswhole.The extra pages could've been fleshed out a bit more.Honestly this a great experience and I would recommend to any of my friends (if I had any)... Now if you don't mind me I'm gonna go cry in a corner while petting my dog."
76561198283734326,Recommended,523780,32724682,Posted: 24 June,all,Cryo,"Really nice game, very interesting from a social pov. Kinda sad about some of the answers though, I actually had something to get myself out of trouble but the game just wouldn't propose it as a choice ^^'"
,Recommended,523780,32708667,Posted: 23 June,all,Sir_Togo,"10/10 Wasn't sure on paying for a game like this but, I'm glad I did. The way you start saying one thing to one person and having to stick to that story is such an amzing and smart function. The old time feel is amazing, and the use of your desktop and your internet browser is so cool. 5 bucks is worth the interaction between you and these character and connecting to them. Great Game"
,Recommended,523780,32667283,Posted: 22 June,all,Atoz,I say the 5$ was worth the tears
76561198070111262,Recommended,523780,32851284,Posted: 27 June,all,Typical Anime yeeee,"Have you ever gotten attached to a person in a game and then have the person rip your heart out. All because you pushed the wrong button. Yeah. Me too.But in all honesty this game is pure gold, the old school AOL Mesaging feel, its just something you cant get back ya know?10/10"
,Recommended,523780,32689365,Posted: 23 June,all,wafflecookie S> ST Kara sapphire,Jeff kapklan approves
,Recommended,523780,32834842,Posted: 26 June,all,Mook,This was so ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.
,Recommended,523780,32020580,Posted: 28 May,all,Marcuz,Emily is Away TooThere no Brad in this game :D but ♥♥♥♥ himnow you have too Girl to talk 2I want emily and eva but i cant it a hard choice(pss...you can lie to them im not saying it a good thing)Dat feels manI miss the MSN messenger like the good old days but this feeling i like it :)now we got new website to explore it was so coolThese Icons are awesome I want moreI finally got Emily i love her she love me good Ending :D10/10 I feel so happy :D
,Recommended,523780,32915883,Posted: 27 June,all,Wailin Waylon,10/10 aww jeez vick
,Recommended,523780,32928177,Posted: 28 June,all,VeX,Completed the game! Very good story.
76561198120722017,Recommended,523780,32937279,Posted: 28 June,all,Washington,if you liked the first you'll like this
,Recommended,523780,32076625,Posted: 30 May,all,kEVIN+,"Bring yourself back to your highschool days by messaging grills about their daily drama while attempting to get in their pants.+You can have multiple personas and lie about your likes and dislikes based on the grill+You can tell them their boyfriends are trash and need to date you instead+Old School Memes before they were ""Dank""+Get random icons added to your desktop- Can't send♥♥♥♥♥♥pics- Getting rejected- Too accurate to real life"
76561198073086255,Recommended,523780,32944173,Posted: 28 June,all,Oxycontin,Goddamn
76561198066870780,Recommended,523780,32919460,Posted: 28 June,all,aBranFlake,nostalgia to the max...fun...it's going to surprise you
,Recommended,523780,32661493,Posted: 22 June,all,Anfronio,wtf i wasn't expecting a happy endingevelyn best girl
76561198058257532,Recommended,523780,32668632,Posted: 22 June,all,Killer_Queen_Requiem,"Good for casual fun. Story went simplier (Not more complicated) than I expected. Well it's a 17MB game, what do you expect?"
,Recommended,523780,32684772,Posted: 23 June,all,extchickenwar,"This game suprised me with just how realistic, nostalgic and rediculously stressful (in a good way) it felt to just simply talk to others in this game's version of mid 2000s instant messaging. Expect meaningful choices with genuine consequence, great writing and memorable characters. Just kep your expectations in check and don't go into this thinking you're about to play Shoot The Cool Gun 7."
,Recommended,523780,32675400,Posted: 23 June,all,Moshijwk,its fun
76561198041473313,Recommended,523780,32111708,Posted: 1 June,all,Raysonn,Such a beautiful and lovely game...Evelynn is perfection.!
,Recommended,523780,32644415,Posted: 22 June,all,Maylo,"oh god it's like someone got footage of my actual high school conversations, right down to the corny music lyrics on everyone's page and the way we would writee everyyy worddd likee thissDespite everyone seeming to think that you're playing as a boy, the game never actually refers to your character's gender, at least not that I saw (I think this is also true for the first game?), so I always saw my character as a girl. I started dating Emily at the very end, so the game played out for me as a story of a couple of girls who grow to be best friends and then later come to realize their romantic feelings for each other. It was very sweet."
,Recommended,523780,32668322,Posted: 22 June,all,vanilish,"Buy this game. A narrative experience of this quality should be enjoyed by everyone. Emily Is Away Too did things to me that I never thought games could do, I feel like a changed person coming out of this. I cannot reccomend this game enough. Worth every penny and I would have payed $20+ for this gem."
76561198213175731,Recommended,523780,32010578,Posted: 27 May,all,lycansoul0829,wow this game hit home! 11 out of ten please make another! =]
76561197982335931,Recommended,523780,32009630,Posted: 27 May,all,Plecks,"Disturbingly accurate 2006 AIM / high school relationship simulator.  Almost too accurate.  The multiple endings that have been added to the sequel is a pretty great feature, so I'm excited to go back and do everything I didn't do in my first playthrough.  Definitely worth the $5, even though the first one was free.  You can tell the developer put a lot of work into the sequel."
,Recommended,523780,31987405,Posted: 26 May,all,carly_parker_[badword],iemily'd emily10/10 best revenge game
,Recommended,523780,32008668,Posted: 27 May,all,technonikster,"If you think Emily is Away 1 was good, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥you're in for a ride with this one...totally worth the $5."
,Recommended,523780,32010738,Posted: 27 May,all,strizz,"Okay, admittedly I am pretty inebriated at the present moment.  This game has hit me like a tonof bricks. I was born in '91 and grew up with AIM and the like. I remember so vividly flirting with girls over AOL and just having the time of my life listening to emo music, wearing tight pants, and lurking Myspace.This game is amazing. It will make you feel... so many feels. Literally, so many feels. I am super nostalgic at the present moment and just... this game brought me back to a happier time in my life.Thank you so, so much for this experience. I am literally in tears with how it made me feel."
76561198168771933,Recommended,523780,31990930,Posted: 27 May,all,RayFisch,"I played the original Emily Is Away when that came out and I was very excited when I heard there was a second game coming out. While I admit I was a bit skeptical at first when I saw it was going to cost money, unlike the original, I bought the game and played it all in one sitting. It was in my opinion the best game of 2017 so far. The fact that there's so many more things in it now besides just messaging Emily is really helping with the feeling of realism in the game. There's of course a lot of replay value as can be expected from a game that's all about choices. I love the way it really tries to make you feel like you're back in the mid-2000s, something it is very succesful at. Overall I am very impressed by this game and I can't wait to see what else the developer has in store for us!"
76561198138023004,Recommended,523780,31997270,Posted: 27 May,all,Hoodyman,"Waited so much for part 2 of the game, Emily is away 1 was just too sad.From this game, you can learn so many things for real life...Worth buying."
76561197973027454,Recommended,523780,31987494,Posted: 26 May,all,Hampig,Somebody was spying on my computer during high-school and made a game out of it.
,Recommended,523780,31987281,Posted: 26 May,all,Onikoros,This game makes me glad that I'm gay.p.s: die Evelyn you're a garbage friend and a garbage person.
,Recommended,523780,31987540,Posted: 26 May,all,-=POS=- Moose,"Holy hell. This game is actually amazing. It still has elements from the original game, but has changed for the better. Great game, would recomend."
,Recommended,523780,31989215,Posted: 26 May,all,SiLeNcE35,Its A very Cool Game  but the Links  dont Work.and btw if u play it like me u get a sad ending
,Recommended,523780,31995596,Posted: 27 May,all,MarioxPompa,10/10 waiting for another part
76561198156124922,Recommended,523780,31996752,Posted: 27 May,all,Depression,Is the best Emily is away game for now many diffritnt things 10\10 i felt like i was chating with a reall person
76561198299591621,Recommended,523780,31996724,Posted: 27 May,all,Harvey,"10/10!This was so worth its cost!!!nice references and multiple endings, it was fun for not only me but all the other playersIf you could do more it would be add maybe a few more little achievements here and there for certain things but apart from that....GREAT GAME ;D"
76561197980828688,Recommended,523780,31996671,Posted: 27 May,all,Izex,This was a nice step up from the first one. It was well worth the money. I was happy that you are able to actually change the ending this time and pick the person you want to be with. The only thing I had a problem with was that I can type faster than what the game allows and it caps it so you have to choose who you talk to and stick with them. I would highly suggest this game if you like visual novels.
76561198061951409,Recommended,523780,31994919,Posted: 27 May,all,Evolution,"This game is so increadibly good. It's everything that Emily is Away was but it expands in almost every way. So far I've gotten one of the endings of the game.So what's good?- More potentional partners, whereby i mean more people to chat with- Increadibly smart solutions to feel immersed in the game. By for example:- Music in the game is played through an ""old"" verision of youtube, by which is shared by the bachelorettes.- Gives you an old windows background to make it feel like a chat on an old windows computer.- The dialouge feels very real, it really feels like you chat with a real person.Problems so far:- Can be a bit hard to understand the solutions at first, like the music for example.- Another bachelorette would have been nice, with a bit better taste in music :p.Final score: for me it's a solid 9/10 everyone should buy this game and play it."
76561198321317651,Recommended,523780,31995115,Posted: 27 May,all,kristie,awesome game and storyline.spent lik 3 hours on it then got dumped for the most dumbass reason though.
76561198072465917,Recommended,523780,31995543,Posted: 27 May,all,Jewfro,Love the first one and happy to donate 5 dollars to this company and thank you for the new music
,Recommended,523780,31995548,Posted: 27 May,all,ikigai,"Whoa, this new arrangements and ways to play are just amazing. It's like talking to real people and they get upset when we're not really paying attention. I kinda feel terrible ditching one of them though.Dating Emily this time? THANK HEAVENS. OUR PRAYERS HAVE BEEN ANSWERED."
76561198164711644,Recommended,523780,31989875,Posted: 26 May,all,jack,"What I like:- This is a great piece of mid 00s notalgia.- The conversations feel incredibly real. If you grew up chatting online at this time it feels like a real conversation you would have.- The story rides a good line between corny and real, patronizing and independant. The characters all seemed pretty cool.- The other content that is brought into this game through Youtube and ""Facenbook"" is great, a genius way to add to this game.What I don't like:- Minor: I couldn't access the ""desktop"" portion and it wasn't clear how to do that. Luckily it didn't affect the game play.- Minor: There were a few times where the text that was input didn't match what I selected and that was annoying.- Minor: In 2006 this would be Gmail, not AOL. lol- Major: It seems like the central mechanic of the game is a time based answer mechanic where it has a lot more to do with the time the computer takes to type the words then it does for you to write your response and is annoying.All told this is a great game, and if you have $5 you should get it, but it's probably worth closer to $2.50. I will check out the prequel/sequel."
76561198047253399,Recommended,523780,32224929,Posted: 6 June,all,StaSeb,"Well, i lked it. Just like the first one. It  has some clever tricks up its sleeve and just when I thought ""okay, this is really not much more than the first one"", it drew me in quite suddenly.This game/experience surely isn't for everywhone but it offers great nostalgia for anyone who became an adult in the 2000s. Overall I enjoyed it a lot for the price it cost."
,Recommended,523780,32245906,Posted: 7 June,all,Dennicena,Perfect.
76561198295993144,Recommended,523780,32246845,Posted: 7 June,all,theduckmaster303,"That was such an amazing game! I, personally got a really great ending and will be playing back through for another ending :-)I most definitely recommend this game! My advice...just be yourself lol"
,Recommended,523780,32244129,Posted: 7 June,all,Kinetic152,That's a trip back to Highschool memories for just 5 bucks.And now my heart feels empty...10/10 would make a black hole again.
,Recommended,523780,32247924,Posted: 7 June,all,Capitaine Quinn,"That's just a ginius game !You can either ♥♥♥♥ around and get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending or, get an awesome ending and cry because you realise this is a game and not reallity!Better than the first one!I recommande to play the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it!"
76561198120684499,Recommended,523780,32259334,Posted: 7 June,all,Robby979,Years of a friendship ended because of small talk. I said I didnt want kids but I also dont know so I said I did and ♥♥♥♥ing there goes frinedship. They are kinda jerks honestly
76561198381700383,Recommended,523780,32262002,Posted: 7 June,all,royalblood,"Great game, not as good as the first one tho. Kinda slow."
,Recommended,523780,32262468,Posted: 8 June,all,Sxinx,This game brought up my worst and best memories10/10
,Recommended,523780,32262430,Posted: 8 June,all,SkyWolve,"The random screenname generator instantly gave my hentaiphd 10/10 best gameJokes aside, the emily is away games are really enjoyable and engroosing games that take dating sims and make them intimate. You feel like you're building a relationship with these people and getting to know them, and there ar eall these lighthearted moments that tie the game up into both a humours and impactful experience. Well worth the money,a nd well worth the time."
,Recommended,523780,32258377,Posted: 7 June,all,"benzinii ""! #Yungg_","made me want to be 10 years younger, gave me the feels."
76561198151336077,Recommended,523780,32246468,Posted: 7 June,all,Emile,"this is why I drink every night, 11/10"
,Recommended,523780,32265183,Posted: 8 June,all,Infamous Muso,Worht it simply for the Rick and Morty achivement
,Recommended,523780,32266768,Posted: 8 June,all,DontDisPutin,Masterful.
,Recommended,523780,32220844,Posted: 6 June,all,Suwa,ENGLISH :Evelyn broke up with me at chapter 5 because I missclicked one of my answer to Emily in chapter 2.So I basically got single because of a little mistake made months ago.This game is so accurate to real life.10/10 would cry again.FRANÇAIS :Evelyn m'a quitté au chapitre 5 parce que je me suis trompé sur une réponse à Emily au chapitre 2.Donc je me suis fait larguer pour une toute petite erreur faite plusieurs mois plus tôt.Ce jeu est si réel...10/10 pleureraient encore.
76561198319564662,Recommended,523780,32219336,Posted: 6 June,all,classyrabbit,Amazing...
,Recommended,523780,32239530,Posted: 7 June,all,Vanirue,If you played part one definitely you will love this more. <3 (surprise surprise ~ 2 girls this time)There was a chapter that was hella challenging (had to repeat it some times to get a good ending)overall totally worth the money if you love games that you have to choose imporant choices to have different endings.Plus the icons were definitely fun and making your own bio.
,Recommended,523780,32230369,Posted: 6 June,all,jennaphine,"I'm a little disappointed that some people are giving this game a negative rating due to receiving a bad ending to the game. There are multiple endings, and not al are bad. I chose Emily, and still managed to save my friendship with Evelyn. Emily and my character also decided to stay together when college starts, so it is possible for everything to work out.As for my review, the game was fun and very story heavy. A lot going on and a lot to take in, however I still found it pretty simple to follow. The timed response chapter was incredibly hectic, especially when you can't type fast enough to keep up, let alone be able to read what both Emily and Evelyn send to you. If you don't mind a little bit of superficial drama going on in the minds of teen girls, then I'd highly recommend this game. I had tons of fun and enjoyed the challenge of trying to find the right things to say while still mainting my own personality."
76561198299846117,Recommended,523780,32239789,Posted: 7 June,all,lilman3111,it good
76561198157293455,Recommended,523780,32241522,Posted: 7 June,all,Dodge Charger 1969,This was the best game i have ever played and i loved the story line
,Recommended,523780,32239707,Posted: 7 June,all,Carova_,even in a game i ♥♥♥♥ up
,Recommended,523780,32003458,Posted: 27 May,all,Versace Flop,a good ending exists. 10/10
76561198083954161,Recommended,523780,32003970,Posted: 27 May,all,arvigeus,"This game could have a happy ending? Impossibru!It actually was worth the money, so much is done around the game. 10/10 had a blast!"
76561198308647934,Recommended,523780,32003926,Posted: 27 May,all,franz,"pretty nice game, good sequel to the first one, any choice matters in this game i give it a 9/10"
76561198142708937,Recommended,523780,32004331,Posted: 27 May,all,McCool2112,"Very compelling and engrossing, if you enjoyed the first one you'll definitely like this one, possibly even more.9/10"
,Recommended,523780,32001854,Posted: 27 May,all,sweetbabyboy,"A short game but you'd end up engrossed in the storyline and characters. There are some genuinely fun bits like the time constraints, considering that it was the most stressful part of the game. That being said, it was very relaxing! A perfect game for the casual gamer. I cant wait to play again and make different desicions"
76561198143649750,Recommended,523780,32020987,Posted: 28 May,all,JABKA PLACHIT,"This game is simply amazing! Troughout the gameplay, you will encounter and experience nostaligia from the early 2000 just as well as really getting invested in the story as well as teh haracters. This interactive experience lets you pick the outcomes of hearbreaking relationships and lifelike scenarios. Personally i loved this game and i hope you will too, developer, please make a part 3. PS: you have great taste i music. PPS: I have a crush on Evelyn now. Jk <3"
,Recommended,523780,32020692,Posted: 28 May,all,Raptor,IT WAS GREAT BUT LIKE THE LAST ONE YOU WANT MORE AFTER THE END
76561198270989967,Recommended,523780,32020766,Posted: 28 May,all,jucru,Awesome Damn Game
76561198298254259,Recommended,523780,32019708,Posted: 28 May,all,Li'L Beep Le Boop,"I've been waiting for this!If you're a fan of story based games and down for a feels trip, you'll love this (but play Emily is Away first).The game really draws you in and it almost feels real.The soundtracks are truly a great addition to the game; loved the song selections."
,Recommended,523780,32022681,Posted: 28 May,all,SuperPunkGamer,"Not gonna lie I was scared to play this, afraid of another heartbreak and the feelz, the story is amazing definietly better than the last. I felt there was more control in it like for instance in the last game your character did♥♥♥♥♥♥that basically ruined your relationship in this you dont really see it. Definetly had nostaglia and made me miss the mid 2000's! Thank you Kyle for making this game! 10 outta 10!"
76561198026733739,Recommended,523780,32017616,Posted: 28 May,all,PeachWars,I can't belive this Game. I got so emotionally invested in those characters...but they are just chat massages. Making something like this is incredible. You feel the love and devotion the developers stuck into the game and it's a masterpiece. I just finished my first playthrough and i almost cried at the end because i didn't want it to end. I wanted to talk to Evelynn and Emily more.Just awsomesauce!!
76561198081405368,Recommended,523780,31989451,Posted: 26 May,all,WireDrawnPanic,"AUGH! I did it, I got the ending I wanted.... but now I feel empty. Def worth the money; would have been willing to pay double for this game... be sure to play the original too!"
,Recommended,523780,31986103,Posted: 26 May,all,Domestic_Disturbance,"Very Well Done Game,They have improved upon the first emily is away."
,Recommended,523780,31987860,Posted: 26 May,all,vckc,This game was so much fun! It felt so real and then it became real. I'm actually crying because of this ending. Damn... too close to home. I highly recommend this game. So much fun.I need a moment...
76561198160291418,Recommended,523780,31984298,Posted: 26 May,all,L0L GET R3KT BY A HORSE,"The game overall has a lot more gameplay, a better story. Its overall a lot longer as well. I recommend it if you want a fleshed out choice - story game."
76561198103450289,Recommended,523780,31986260,Posted: 26 May,all,Hell_Razer,Great game. I couldn't be more happy with a sequel and this one is even more detailed and with more options. Its too a degree almost a telltale game. 11/10
76561198325343349,Recommended,523780,31985763,Posted: 26 May,all,james jordan dooley,the gratest game ever
76561198215790597,Recommended,523780,31989274,Posted: 26 May,all,Cawwot-Kun,"HOly crap i got the bad ending at firstI was like♥♥♥♥ IT IM PLAYING UNTIL I GET THIS ENDING!my heart was beating so quickly, i was nervious there was no good endingIm so glad that I got to be with emily :)"
,Recommended,523780,31989556,Posted: 26 May,all,one trick bishy,"Amazing sequel. Loved the website you could access in your own browser. I was really impressed when Emily & Evelyn sent me things that went to my actual desktop.Btw, Evelyn > Emily."
,Recommended,523780,31985784,Posted: 26 May,all,mikeshmo™,♥♥♥♥ you emily.
,Recommended,523780,32055594,Posted: 29 May,all,hellman8888,"This game. It hit wayyyyy to close to home for me. ♥♥♥♥ed me up, but it was a amazing story i love it. I would recommend it to people that like getting emotionally invested in stories."
76561198239394784,Recommended,523780,31989124,Posted: 26 May,all,{3rd F.G.} Pvt. Parham,"[POST-REVIEW EDIT:] Well, after some careful consideration, and a few additional playthroughs, i'm rendering a final, FINAL decision for this damn masterpiece of a game. It truly has been one of my Top 10's for best of 2017 thus far. It's simple, sure. But the pure emotion and thought-provoking story make up for the simplicity more than ten-fold. If you've ever had any doubts about playing Emily is Away Too, I can tell you it's worth it. For five USD, you're getting a ticket for one hell of a ride. I'm also raising my final rating to the highest 10/10 I can possibly give it. That makes it the first of the year. I don't know what it is about this game, but it really struck a chord with me. And I can tell that it's going to hold a very special place in my heart for some time to come. ""If I could see all my friends tonight...""-----------------------------------------------------------------------------Before I begin, I will preface with saying that as a ""Choose-Your-Own-Adventure"" style game, Emily is Away Too excels. It's a cut above your average hour-long romp of trial-and error storytelling that you see from most games of this calibre nowadays. It deals with some actual real-life situations and handles them very well. In a fashion that makes sense...for the most part. But we'll get into that later. Seeing as how this isn't an entirely ""complex"" game, i'm not going to go about using my normal review style. Instead, i'm just going to give you a short list of pro's, con's, and my in-depth thoughts on specific listed aspects in either catagory. Let's begin.Pros-A pleasant and visually pleasing art-style remeniscant of the era being portrayed, and all the nostalgia that goes along with it.-Generally great pacing.-Two interesting, and in-depth main characters, although there's this one little instance...Well, we'll talk about that later.-A helluva nostalgia trip due to the setting. But, may I take a moment to say:♥♥♥♥ High-School.Really though, the setting is engaging, and it sets the stage for the story very well.-Actually reduces the window you play the game in down in size quite considerably, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. It is very remeniscant of the old-school instant messaging programs you'd see back in the day. That's the point, after all.-An marvelous misadventure of a mini-game with knock-off Rick & Morty.-An exaggeration of an entire Internet inside the game, which is suprisingly interactable.-It gave me a cool wallpaper.-Lots of little secret icons to unlock.-Multiple endings.Cons-The introduction and mentioning of multiple side-characters, but no real way to interact with them. Some of these people sound like pretty interesting characters! Let me talk to them, god-dammit!-The limitation to only a few dialouge options at a time. And most of the time, they're really generic and corny responses.  And sometimes, you'll find yourself with a bar full of options that ultimately mean the same thing, or the option you select will be changed by your character when he's typing it out! (That's how I got ♥♥♥♥ed over in the end.)-The lack of an option to punch Evelyn in the god-damn throat.SO, now that we've got that out of the way, let's pull a few things from the list, and talk in-depth about them. First-off:What the actual ♥♥♥♥?!WARNING: SPOILERS AHEAD!At a certain moment in the game when playing twenty-questions with Evelyn, you're presented with a question along the lines of: ""Have you ever had sex before?"" I decided to take the middle-of-the-road option and say: ""No, not really."" Or, that's how it was presented as an option, at least. Instead, halfway through typing the response, my character turns around,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥out, deletes the sentence and just says ""Yes."". This is why I got ♥♥♥♥ed over at the end of the game. I had done everything else to the best of my abilities, and had run the game fairly well, I think. But it was this single event that threw the whole thing off the rails. When presented the same question by Emily, I selected the option of: ""No, only to third base."" which wrote itself out in full. For this reason, at the end of the game, I was labeled as a ""liar"" and ended up getting kicked to the curb.This instance is a slap across the face of the player, and I sincerely hope that it gets patched soon to avoid frustration. Now, If you're just reading this portion to avoid spoilers, and you're going to be set on hooking up with Emily, I would advise youNOTto select ""No, not really."" when presented with a question about your virginity from Evelyn. Now...let's talk about something positive. The overall premise of the game is great for the league it's in. You'd be pressed to find some of the better CYOA games out there of this formula. The art-style is great, the developer's got some great taste in music, I find the pseudo-Internet thing really charming, and the real-life-esque scenarios you're presented with are believable and engaging. I also find all the old, nostalgic sounds of the old OS's, and hard-drives oddly theraputic.*sigh* As you can probably tell if you read through my little rant given above, i'm kind of salty over a single fault in the game's design. But in all seriousness, it's a great CYOA game, and a great story in-and-of itself. You'll be getting around two hours of well-written dialouge, and interactive story, possibly three if you take the time to really dig deep into the psuedo-Internet in the game. And I say it's well-worth the price of admission.TL;DR: Great CYOA game. Check it out. It's five bucks.Final Rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,523780,32061071,Posted: 30 May,all,GroovyKat,This is a great game that left me thinking about it in the days afterward. Its very easy to get emotionally invested.
76561198335395884,Recommended,523780,32045186,Posted: 29 May,all,Sebastian1175,Loved the first >>Emily is Away<< and was very exited about the second one. This one of the best Indie-Games ive ever played on Steam. Really hope for a Third part with Emily.
76561198061786310,Recommended,523780,32044997,Posted: 29 May,all,BruceMcMoose,"Planned on spending the night watching netflix with the fam, got this game instead and relived my highschool life in 3 hours and spent the rest of my night depressed AF.....Great game."
76561197993443417,Recommended,523780,32049993,Posted: 29 May,all,[BK] Abdiel,Brilliant.Spoileralert:Emily is a f**king snitch. f**k her.
,Recommended,523780,32048895,Posted: 29 May,all,KING ARRON,this is an awesome game with a awesome story. Only thing that will make this game beter is with Workshop support. THat will provide infinite hours of game play with custom storys from people.
,Recommended,523780,32047563,Posted: 29 May,all,AthenaEnoshima,"A very short point and click story game, but very entertaining and extremely clever.I graduated from high school in 07, so this whole game was a wonderful and somewhat cringey trip down memory lane for me. I would judge the way the characters wrote to each other, but I can't, because I did the exact same thing...Very well done."
76561198035938563,Recommended,523780,32054368,Posted: 29 May,all,Put it in Senpaiii,Made me feel like the scumbag that I am 10/10
,Recommended,523780,32054335,Posted: 29 May,all,Chewbacca From Sonic,I really loved that I had a smile on my face when I started and then i ended up being sad.
,Recommended,523780,32057021,Posted: 29 May,all,Nefertum,"Played Emily is Away, destroyed my heart. Played Emily is Away Too expecting the same, got the happy endings first try. I don't really want to go through bad endings, but the game is sooo good that I want to see everything it has to offer! 10/10 you will cry once you realize this is not real life."
,Recommended,523780,32058139,Posted: 30 May,all,weldcatpilot,because ♥♥♥♥ lying yeeeeee boi
76561198031716151,Recommended,523780,32059057,Posted: 30 May,all,Kinglaughingman,Its waaaaaaay to real the feels  hit you hard
,Recommended,523780,32059148,Posted: 30 May,all,[TRAP]Soyoumelted?,I did really enjoy this experience - it gave me closure after the heartbreak of the first game.Though it does have seemingly more options than the first game - I was hoping for a more complex experience - with more intertwining relationships and a more difficult route to a positive ending. But overall that didnt take away from the overwhelming nostalgia and feels
76561198269185657,Recommended,523780,31980017,Posted: 26 May,all,tomasyus,i love it i wish it was more but played 4 hours straight
76561198263760161,Recommended,523780,31980234,Posted: 26 May,all,cradlecorpse,If you thought the first one was good then you'll love this one.Gives you allllll the emotions. I hope there will be a third one!
76561198155186036,Recommended,523780,31980114,Posted: 26 May,all,(GZ)Dennis4523,"This game is so buetiful if you get the true emily ending I reccomend this game for any pricetag. It was so well constructed , and the online web part took me back to my old days of high school."
,Recommended,523780,31980133,Posted: 26 May,all,Sw1FT,Definitely worth buying waited so long and now got it it's so cool to play
76561198254896380,Recommended,523780,31980204,Posted: 26 May,all,kaitenz19,i haven't play all of it yet but i recommend it and you should play the frist one to wouth it defintly
,Recommended,523780,31980358,Posted: 26 May,all,Clorax,"I gotta admit when I heard Emily is Away was getting a sequel, I was fairly skeptical. I thought it was hella unnecessary and would ruin the magic Emily 1 had.Boy was I wrong.Emily is Away Too follows a completely different Emily, there's no crossover what-so-ever and that's perfect for the story. You get two separate experiences from each game. Although I do much prefer Emily 1, this game is amazing as is. Your choices genuinely matter to the story unlike last time which really helps to personalize the story to your actual choices you'd genuinely make and holy♥♥♥♥♥♥do I feel happy with my entire experience. This is very much a GOTY contender for me."
,Recommended,523780,31987914,Posted: 26 May,all,static,"Don't get me wrong- this game is not perfect, but it has some good arguements. I liked that it was more interactive than the first emily is away, with the editable bio, youtube and facenook links. I was following this game for a while now. But now that I have completed it, I hate to say that I am a little let down by the ending. I felt that it was a bit anti climatic and it didnt match up with the game's predecessor. Nevertheless I do not regret paying for this game. Happy decision making people"
,Recommended,523780,31988932,Posted: 26 May,all,OwO Nibba skinhub.com,"Made me fall in love, cry, laugh, and give me arthiritis all in one gameplay 10/10 would recomend"
76561198080163600,Recommended,523780,31986461,Posted: 26 May,all,Elmo,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME! Playing with my emotions and♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
,Recommended,523780,31983808,Posted: 26 May,all,callcifer,"A well made, smartly expanded reimagining of Emily is Away that once again managed tug at those nostalgic heartstrings inside me. Even though it's a bit more fan service-y than the original, it's still definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,523780,32000981,Posted: 27 May,all,BreezyBlink,"the out of game internet that the devs built is so insane and generally a great feature,surprisingly challenging at parts!"
,Recommended,523780,31999331,Posted: 27 May,all,catboner,It's nice to see how much more interactive this game is than the first one.Excited to try to get as many different endings as possible!
,Recommended,523780,31999997,Posted: 27 May,all,Zettron,"Just feel like talk to a girl in real life. They're complicated, hard to understand and cute(maybe? lol). This game really help me alot, it's gives me hope, confident and inspiration. I really recommend this game to everyone, especially who have crush on friend or someone else. Play it, You won't regret it.10/10 HIGHLY RECOMMENDEDFRIENDZONED IS NO MORE!"
,Recommended,523780,32000208,Posted: 27 May,all,Vector Vitesse,I really thought I could end up with a girl. Just for a moment.I hate you.
76561198078933732,Recommended,523780,32000134,Posted: 27 May,all,SKRAAPP,"So much more than the 1st, more interactive. I got a good ending for my 1st try of the game just by being myself. Definitely gonna do more to see the other endings."
,Recommended,523780,31998548,Posted: 27 May,all,[FOR] Virtuous,"This is 100% better than the first game. The chance for multiple endings was the main issue for the last one, so glad they implemented this. Great play for $5, I grew up with MSN and used it a hell of a lot. Really enjoyed it, nice job devs! =P6/7 rating <3P.S Emily is bae"
,Recommended,523780,31999112,Posted: 27 May,all,NUT IN MY BUTT,I miss 2006 and women suck
76561198224265460,Recommended,523780,32011970,Posted: 27 May,all,Blook,It's really satifying when you get the good endings!
76561198118126073,Recommended,523780,32013903,Posted: 28 May,all,´´,"10/10 For real!This has become one of my favourite games of all time!I was so excited for the game, and it didn't let me down. It has everything that a sequel should have, in general.It's a fantastic game, and it brings me back to my teenage dreams. The options you choose have a big effect on the rest of the game. Honesty is key. Treat everyone with the same respect, that is something that you can take from the game.Thanks for the game!"
76561198088098670,Recommended,523780,32014773,Posted: 28 May,all,LordTitan,A game that can my heart sink to its lowest depths and make me want to cry in the corner or feel the satisfaction of resolving past mistakes all in the course of 3 hours using just words on a screen really has some power behind it.
,Recommended,523780,32018242,Posted: 28 May,all,FingerKiss,coolio
76561198147726342,Recommended,523780,31981398,Posted: 26 May,all,MC_Best,"This game is beautiful. I remember playing the first Emily Is Away and being absolutely devastated with the ending, the first game was awesome, however I wanted to see more, and they really did it with this sequel. The graphics are awesome and really give it the whole dial up style. The story in this game is amazing, its such a depressing game but it takes you on a really emotional insane journey. The story also kept me really intrigued to carry on playing, it really is an emotional experience, but its definitely one of the best game experiences I've ever had. Buy this, you will not regret it.10/10"
76561198241219584,Recommended,523780,31981683,Posted: 26 May,all,gabecraft9,"Great game! Just one problem though, at the end of chapter 4 my game crashed (still crashing right now), can you fix that? #Bestgameever!"
,Recommended,523780,31983982,Posted: 26 May,all,AndrewGVN,"A greater more polished version of the first game. New character you are able to talk to, external links and files really add a realistic element to the chats. Worth the $5 price."
76561198025338190,Recommended,523780,31981457,Posted: 26 May,all,Brian,I started playing this game the minute the developer released it. 4 hours later I am so glad I did. This game has the ability to induce so much emotion in you its incredible. Absolutely magnificient!
,Recommended,523780,31983672,Posted: 26 May,all,spencercarlin,"I adore this game, I just wish I didn't always make Emily HATE me somehow waaah"
76561198029835169,Recommended,523780,31983545,Posted: 26 May,all,Klafjen,"Part one was great as a story, but didnt have different ending. This game compensates for it.For the price and the amount of playing time with the different sories, its great. Lots of fun with a great story."
,Recommended,523780,31983749,Posted: 26 May,all,Type A,"I try to review games based on what it seems the game was trying to accomplish and how well it did so. Ultimately, I feel like this game did an excellent job bringing me back to the days when I was in high school and silly conversations over AIM managed to feel like some of the most intense♥♥♥♥♥♥ever. It was easily worth the modest asking price of 5$ and I beat it in roughly 2-3 hours while playing at a very leisurely pace and pausing to converse with friends occasionally. More enjoyment derived here than 5$ at a fast food restaurant, for sure.Gameplay is simple. The game thankfully subverts some of the more trite aspects of interpersonal simulations in other games, in that you can still form meaningful bonds with the main characters even if your character doesn't necessarily like all the same music and/or movie genres they like. Characters notice more than traits in common and will also pay attention to how consistent, genuine, and honest you are. The only thing I didn't care for was the timed responses sequences. The game is fair about how they're introduced - before timed interactions play any sort of meaningful part in the story it tests you with a timed sequence just to introduce the concept to you. That aside, ten seconds to type a reply isn't a lot of time even if you ARE paying attention. It's a bit jarring how suddenly this results in blowback in the story, but ultimately, it didn't hamper my enjoyment entirely.Messing around with the online components of Emily Is Away Too was enjoyable and neat, and I was able to get pretty immersed. With my first playthrough, I'm tempted to call this game 'best friend simulator'.I have yet to take on another playthrough and honestly, I'm not sure I want to. I enjoyed my first experience through it guide-free without worrying about achievements and seeing every possible outcome. I'm sure eventually I'll go through the rest, but for now, I encourage you to try this game and just sit back and get as into it as you can. Be you, and be the best friend you can be. Maybe you'll find love. Maybe you'll make a friendship or two that will last a lifetime. Or maybe you'll screw it up!"
,Recommended,523780,31983094,Posted: 26 May,all,GoggerToy,Definitely of the best nostalgia trips I've ever had - reliving the memories of embarassing conversations through IM in the late '00s was never that fun.
76561198080280996,Recommended,523780,31983206,Posted: 26 May,all,N I G H T M A R E  E Y E S,"*VIOLENT SOBBING WHILE POUNDING ON THE KEYBOARD*Really happy I got the good Emily ending though, thEY FINALLY ♥♥♥♥ED"
,Recommended,523780,32048191,Posted: 29 May,all,21andi,awesomesaucee
,Recommended,523780,32050446,Posted: 29 May,all,L⊃U,"Make sure you play the first Emily is Away before playing this one instead of playing this one before EiA1Because it will be a good remedy for your broken heart.Emily is away, Emily will be there."
76561198272367552,Recommended,523780,32052042,Posted: 29 May,all,Augustuswaters2456,It's fine. I didn't need my feelings anyway.
,Recommended,523780,32051697,Posted: 29 May,all,eltortuga,Why did it have to end DDDD:
76561198132883173,Recommended,523780,32051549,Posted: 29 May,all,bezerkdonky,"In 2015 I played Emily Is Away, and I liked it because it had a nice simplistic charm to it. After that I anticipated the release of the sequel in 2017. I recommend this game because of how it does such a good job to simulate talking to a real person. I liked the little features like them sending you files and it actually downloading to your desktop. Also think that it was really cool how they made the links go to their own website that was like it's own version of old youtube and facebook. My biggest complaint is that sometimes the dialogue can get sort of repetitive and boring, but it's withstandable. Also the finale in the 5th chapter is was very exciting for me and the ending actually left me feeling kind of sad since I lost Evelyn. I would catgorize this as a simulation/descion making game (where suprisingly the descions actually matter)."
,Recommended,523780,32051615,Posted: 29 May,all,Niksu,5€ ticket to a roller coaster of emotions.
76561198035014630,Recommended,523780,32051901,Posted: 29 May,all,80 HD,"I'm ready for a feels trip, round 2."
76561198257876305,Recommended,523780,32044458,Posted: 29 May,all,Munchy907,I love this game and I loved the first game. Try get every ending and unlock all the secrets.
,Recommended,523780,32047200,Posted: 29 May,all,Efficiency,Probably the best $5 I ever spent. Brought back a lot of nostaglia from the AIM days and gave a great story with it.
,Recommended,523780,32034789,Posted: 28 May,all,MARZ || Pure Darkness,This game hurt my wrist.
,Recommended,523780,32034817,Posted: 28 May,all,Whitney Catherine,"I said this when I first played the part 1 of this game.And now, if you do not mind, please let me write this open letter to emily.Dear Emily,♥♥♥♥ YOU YOU LUNATIC ♥♥♥♥♥ WHY MUST YOU RUIN MY LOVE WITH EVELYN YOU STUPID ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥.With regards,Matsu"
,Recommended,523780,32038932,Posted: 29 May,all,Sleepforever0 | Pvpro.com,"Great game again ! Second try, end up with Evelyn with no problem. Next time try to catch up Emily ;)"
76561198050551438,Recommended,523780,32044981,Posted: 29 May,all,NATSHILL,Wow. This game blew me away. So much better than the first one. The ending that I got was very posotive and powerful. The adult content and storylines were good (As a 14 year old) and I found it made me think from a new outlook in life. Definatley needs a third (or continued) one. Needs to develop the 'what happens next' story and what happens in adulthood.
,Recommended,523780,32078476,Posted: 30 May,all,Sans,awesome game love it
76561198043996713,Recommended,523780,32081445,Posted: 31 May,all,Dandy✘ ツ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Emily is away again too T_T
76561198108069785,Recommended,523780,32080272,Posted: 31 May,all,Nigga Anonymous,It's making me realize how ♥♥♥♥ing lonely i am
76561198062390748,Recommended,523780,32081195,Posted: 31 May,all,Rift Brain,"dang nice game, I recomend that you dont lie to people though"
76561198171957090,Recommended,523780,32081159,Posted: 31 May,all,Fancy Dood,Emotional rollercoaster
,Recommended,523780,32081170,Posted: 31 May,all,Exist 2 Inspire,"Came for the feels, was not disappointed!"
,Recommended,523780,32085702,Posted: 31 May,all,Zefph,"Even if this game is a bit short, it really hits you right in the feels. A game filled with different emotions and a nice throwback to teenage years of instant messaging, I can't help but say that this is a masterpiece in story telling.It is worth every single minute of play time."
,Recommended,523780,32089679,Posted: 31 May,all,Dean Ventrue,I'm dead inside
,Recommended,523780,32051344,Posted: 29 May,all,2Bit,Emily is Away Too builds on the first game in every way; especially in immersion. This game is wonderfully crafted and has the potential to pull at the heartstings of anyone who grew up with aol messenger or anything similar. The writing is also unbelievably realistic and can push a player to tears of joy.Get this game if you want a trip down memory lane or need an uplifting emotional experience.
,Recommended,523780,32053444,Posted: 29 May,all,I'm Not Okay,Great game that makes you feel like you're back in 2005 MSN days. +1 for Senses Fail also!
76561198036903640,Recommended,523780,32053469,Posted: 29 May,all,Billygoatee13,"Do note that though this is a recommendation, it is not a strong one.Emily is Away Too is a very engaging game. It's story is told primarily through a chatroom window where you see the progression of a relationship with two separate people. It gives off a very unique and engaging feel to it all, with the people you're chatting to evensending links to music they like, which adds more to the atmosphere surrounding the game. It's compelling for a while, but the ending makes the entire facade fall apart. It feels fairly rushed, therefore you easily see through the cracks at that point, and it loses everything it worked up to that point. For only $5, this wasn't a bad experience, but it was depressing to have it fall apart in the way it did."
,Recommended,523780,32051531,Posted: 29 May,all,Plut0,issa good game. better than first one.evelyn ftw
,Recommended,523780,32013118,Posted: 27 May,all,Jeff,10_Kreygasm_icons/10(i want that chat app on my pc :^[ )
76561198329311978,Recommended,523780,32013168,Posted: 27 May,all,Michael,"I didn't honestly think a sequel to ""Emily Is Away"" could possibly be better than the first. Was I ever wrong? ""Emily Is Away Too"" met all my expectations and engrossed me in its story far more than the original (which I do still love, don't get me wrong) ever did. The game is also far more complex in many ways than its prececessor, and I doubt I've seen everything there is in it. I can't recommend the game enough."
76561198061024140,Recommended,523780,32000609,Posted: 27 May,all,Tomthefighter,Lovely game and fantastic story. Highly recommended!
76561198219454901,Recommended,523780,31999673,Posted: 27 May,all,pats.pp7,"Emily is Away Too ReviewMy pros and cons will be of the improves made from the originalcontained experience but due to the differences from the original I will be seeing Emily is Away too as an updated version of the original most of us love and enjoy.NO SPOILERS-WARNING: Due to my enjoyment of the original my opinion isn't super valid critically-As a fan of the original I can say for certain that this is a worthy sequel.From the charming characters and writing to the overly frustratingly emotional climax this is a game worth your time.From memes to teenage drama this will bring you straight back to high school (minus the swirliest of course).lowed me to fix and explain. This seems super contradictory but I'm keeping it vague for spoiler reasons. us love and enjoy.Pros:The customization was much more defined and polishedNOTE: The community suggested profile pictures is a great feature.The links/files throughout the game improved the experience.NOTE: Each link I received immersed me further into this world and who I was within it.The choice making felt more engaging as an audience/player.NOTE: The choice making in the original had a lot to be desired but Emily is Away Too has made choices matter again.Cons:A little predictable in the story department.NOTE: Near the end I felt like I was stuck down a one way street like the original but to my surprise it allowed me to fix and explain. This seems super contradictory but I'm keeping it vague for spoiler reasons.Could've been longer.NOTE: This isn't really an issue I just couldn't come up with another con. Replay value is definitely here.Overall:A wonderful experience.If you enjoyed the original or new to the ""series"" (hopefully...) There's plenty here for you to discover and enjoy.From memes to teenage drama this will bring you straight back to high school (minus the bullies of course).9/10 Me not you.P.s. play the original"
76561198263144284,Recommended,523780,31999739,Posted: 27 May,all,WheatleyTheBrave,The First Game SUCKED so much but this one was amazing funny and sad at the same time the first ending i got was Emily breaking up with me And i never knew how sad the internet Is I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH
,Recommended,523780,32006705,Posted: 27 May,all,Ultimate Tekken God Master DX™,"Dear Evalyn,♥♥♥♥ you, I wanted this to work."
,Recommended,523780,32006850,Posted: 27 May,all,Jin Pax,"Absolutely fantastic game.It really brought me back to the MSN times. It felt really good. The conversations are really genuine.I would recommend it to anyone who likes romance, humor and was in the MSN era. :)"
,Recommended,523780,32010197,Posted: 27 May,all,Mr.Pug,An AMAZING sequel to the original Emily is Away! adding another character is awesome!!
,Recommended,523780,32012924,Posted: 27 May,all,Date Mike,"0/10, didnt get nudes."
76561198266269626,Recommended,523780,32029478,Posted: 28 May,all,Pixie,I lovedd this!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!WILL FOREVER WAIT FOR A THIRD EMILY IS AWAYXOXOOOXO
,Recommended,523780,32029533,Posted: 28 May,all,Fuck You,this game was so fun i rlly enjoy this game but you guys should put the option that you can stilll have emily as a girlfrend at the end of the game but i still enjoeyed this game
76561198053801089,Recommended,523780,32027035,Posted: 28 May,all,Re_vess,"Really a good game. The phasing is right, the scripting is right. Just gives me the feels. Thank you Kyle Seeley"
76561198037211806,Recommended,523780,32026907,Posted: 28 May,all,ctecampbell,great game
76561198133255253,Recommended,523780,32026769,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr.Cookie,I got rick rolled in 2017 in a game about 2006/07. I don't know what I expected. 11/10.
76561198352746832,Recommended,523780,32029024,Posted: 28 May,all,preeztan,very intresting not sad at all very happy endings shh no spoilers wish it never ended hope for a 3rd
76561198165620864,Recommended,523780,32027542,Posted: 28 May,all,Benny Boi,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥chapter 2 hit me hard.
,Recommended,523780,32030877,Posted: 28 May,all,briandoyle10,oh my god that was just so emotional and just utterly poignant !! it was as good as if not better than the original but also has more depth to it. I hope more is to come. This was truly a MASTERPIECE!
,Recommended,523780,32028095,Posted: 28 May,all,Digs,Okay soFor starters I like how I freaked out more than any tripple A tittle when this game came outBut anyways to the real reviewThis game is a great way of telling a story and really getting the feel of the early years of the 2000sThis game also reels you in to the 2 characters and their stories (Emily and Eveyln)The ways you can choose and help these two characters really got some thought put into it and I cant thank the devs enoughI dont feel like rambling on so overall10/10 good game
,Recommended,523780,32027916,Posted: 28 May,all,OfficialMeanie ⚑☭,the girls may be ***holes but they got nice taste in music
,Recommended,523780,32028622,Posted: 28 May,all,lonesoldier09,"Emily is Away Too didn't quite mess with me as much as the original, I was feeling happier throughout my playthrough of this, but it will still ♥♥♥♥ with your emotions quite a bit. The extra details they added in this game were very impressive and something I haven't seen before."
,Recommended,523780,32028414,Posted: 28 May,all,benjiv,"The game felt immersive and with the addition of youtoob and facenook, which use your actual browser, and some files sent to you through the characters go to your actual desktop. The characters felt like real people, however i did have a problem, and it was near the end of the story. When you are talking to both people at the same time (Chapter 4 i think) if you dont respond in like, 2 seconds they get angry, which makes no sense at all. And the worst part about it is that it actually affects the ending, which is pretty annoying and unrealistic.Overall the game is a 7/10 with good but slightly unrealistic characters, and a unique idea."
76561198135024615,Recommended,523780,32030645,Posted: 28 May,all,Sky,"A fantastic game. It has a really emotional ride, and I can't wait to play it more times."
,Recommended,523780,32031116,Posted: 28 May,all,Coaster Mind,This game broke my heart
76561198353742973,Recommended,523780,32026523,Posted: 28 May,all,HazBy,"god damn, this game is sad as hell"
76561198294673850,Recommended,523780,32026295,Posted: 28 May,all,gsott,"tbh at first i wasn't feeling it, it was slow and i wasn't sure where the plot was going, but it all tied into an eventful last two chapters. i could see all the work that was put into the game. i think it was worth five dollars. an improvement from the previous game. loved the contrast yet similarity of evelyn and emily"
,Recommended,523780,32026303,Posted: 28 May,all,Gregorsaurus,"All the angst, romance, awkwardness, and beauty of your 2000s teenage years for the low price of $5.And an emotional ride as well."
76561198293695475,Recommended,523780,32026258,Posted: 28 May,all,theesank,fun game to pass time
76561198056965685,Recommended,523780,32025333,Posted: 28 May,all,kieran.careford,"Wonderful, even better than the first game!"
,Recommended,523780,32025503,Posted: 28 May,all,Jacy2244,Very good. Load of nice new mechanics and features! Bring on number 3!
76561198115756605,Recommended,523780,31981498,Posted: 26 May,all,Highlander,"If you liked the first one (which is free), you'll definetly like this one too."
,Recommended,523780,31981030,Posted: 26 May,all,Bellaire26,"Emily is Away was a good game. Emily is Away Too was amazing. It's now one of my favorite games. The art, the story, the characters were all well thought out.SPOILERThe satire at the end when Emily was refering to the player and how they were fabricating a persona just to get close to her gave me chills.Highly recommend this game and applause to the creators."
,Recommended,523780,31981098,Posted: 26 May,all,Thiath,"I just want to say, wow!I didn't know stories could be told so wellAbsolutley adored the first game but this is so much betterThe choices were honestly so hard to make I'm going to have to relay it over and overWould reccomend this game to everyone keep up the grat work Seeley"
,Recommended,523780,31981102,Posted: 26 May,all,McShaggin™,Entertaining
,Recommended,523780,31980820,Posted: 26 May,all,Quinnel,5/5
76561198220422489,Recommended,523780,31981617,Posted: 26 May,all,dodonnell4815,8/10Needs more open world
76561198107907307,Recommended,523780,31981631,Posted: 26 May,all,Pundamonium,"Fantastic game. all of the emotion of the first one, but now with multiple people and multiple endings and different interactions with each. I also love the immersiveness of it, like how it acctually downloaded files onto my computer and opened up a real browser to play music. Really good music too!All in all, well worth the measely five dollars for an excellent story and loads of interesting little secrets and easter eggs"
,Recommended,523780,32035589,Posted: 28 May,all,FaintedSquirtle,"The game is pretty fun. I only have finished one ending so far and for 5 bucks, it's not a bad deal. It's not like the first game where choices didn't matter. Small things in this game can affect your ending. Sure there can be improvements like making the game a bit more longer, having more interactions with the characters, and from what I have read in the other reviews; sometimes the system that judges what ending you get is a little too harsh with your choices. Also casual conversations start to drift away after one or two chapters. I also feel that the characters don't really have anything because we are basically role playing as a fictional character who does stuff with this person. It's hard to judge the personality based on their messages because our character supposedly hangs out with them IRL, but it seems like they only talk on the computer.Besides these few problems, the game is great for a ""5 dollar, play it if you don't want to invest time into something too major"". Pretty much any PC can run it. So if you have a toaster, you should pick this up. If you want to get a feel for this sort of game, play the first game (Which is Free to Play) but just note that the games don't seem to connect in any way besides gameplay. Even the Emily is totally different."
,Recommended,523780,32122720,Posted: 1 June,all,Radenia,i wish i can talk to girl irl when i was in highschool
76561198081680432,Recommended,523780,32098834,Posted: 31 May,all,A random onion,"God I just spent the past 2 hours getting emotional invested into a video game AI to then realise how much of a♥♥♥♥♥♥human I really ♥♥♥♥ing am, and now going to bed regretting my decissions as if i'm living real life all over again :(Would recommend!"
76561198188007185,Recommended,523780,32162082,Posted: 3 June,all,Unused Memes,Listening to Snow Patrol and having my heart broken for a second time.11/10
,Recommended,523780,32167948,Posted: 3 June,all,Patnado,Emily is Away Too took everything good about the first game and added way more amazing outcomes for your choices. My game of the year!
76561198149121823,Recommended,523780,32122330,Posted: 1 June,all,masterzach33,a grand upgrade from the first gome and perfect for anyone to get in to
76561197999566861,Recommended,523780,32120353,Posted: 1 June,all,lugiablaster,This game made me relive all my emo high school music.My Chemical Romance/10
76561198329509603,Recommended,523780,32121806,Posted: 1 June,all,OOF,"This game is more than just a game, it is a story. Don't try to just play this game and not read anything than there is no point to it. This is an amzing game that is now in my top 5 games of all time,"
,Recommended,523780,32121753,Posted: 1 June,all,Dog Soup,"Quite a ride, but hey, if anyone's looking for a bit longer of a nostalgia trip go check out the wayback machine! It's an archive of all kinds of websites years ago! Love these kinda games, they bring me back."
,Recommended,523780,32123978,Posted: 2 June,all,Garry,"This game is increddible.Now, don't get be wrong. This is a game. But i find it to be more of an experience than a game.It takes something that everyone has done and turns it in to an increddible, emotional game. It's only £4.00 so I would definitely recomend buying it, even if you only play it ones through, it is a fantastic experience that I feel that everyone needs to witness.Even though all the endings are crushing..."
,Recommended,523780,32121395,Posted: 1 June,all,Squish,"It kept me interested throughout the 2 hours it took me to complete it, definitely different from anything else I've ever played, the story is nothing ground breaking but the creators of the game do a good job of making you feel as if you know the 2 characters, the games a good time waster, I don't see myself returning to the game but I really enjoyed it"
76561198360736924,Recommended,523780,32121535,Posted: 1 June,all,A70mic,I ♥♥♥♥ED UP
,Recommended,523780,32122952,Posted: 1 June,all,RedBuffoon (Sinestrus),"For 4.99 this is a bloody great game.. Truley, I found myself invested in the story.I've done ONE route so far, out of MANY different endings.Well worth it"
,Recommended,523780,32123274,Posted: 2 June,all,Charby,Would be better if it was an ICQ simulator than AOL! :P
,Recommended,523780,32117991,Posted: 1 June,all,Cherries,"I was so excited for the new ""Emily is Away"", and I think the new updates are amazing! Well done c:"
76561198134160438,Recommended,523780,32139344,Posted: 2 June,all,RagingCamper37,"Very well put together game, reminds me of surfing the web 10 years ago, oh the memories"
,Recommended,523780,32137768,Posted: 2 June,all,Slowsodium,10/10 Best breakup simulator ever.
,Recommended,523780,32141529,Posted: 2 June,all,PatientShelf7,It's shot but it's definitely worth experiencing
76561198243631586,Recommended,523780,32124253,Posted: 2 June,all,Xira,Misclicked a number in the early part of the gameCame to haunt me near the endBEST GAME EVER11/10
,Recommended,523780,32125673,Posted: 2 June,all,OwO,I really enjoyed this game and i have played through it 3 times all with different endings and there are still many more endings. I was invested in this game for each of the playthroughs. I would also to see another game simillar to this but set in our curent time so more people could relate to it and enjoy it.
,Recommended,523780,32055926,Posted: 29 May,all,PhiNic has G00D PING,"One of the best sims in the market. The first game was great just like this. But this game builds up on what was missing in the first game, Multiple endings."
,Recommended,523780,32056553,Posted: 29 May,all,"Kurt ""Dirty"" Angle ""s""",":thinking: I was ready to say okay things about this, and ep 3 stressed me out, they game was literally just fkn with me. but yea good nostalgia but I feel like it can only really relate if you liked the music they keep talking about. and the end made no sense. and after episode 1 I lost interest in both of those stupid girls. They were quizzing me on episode 2 like ??? and by 3 when it made me choose I didnt even care that I 'lost' Emily. If this is a real timeline, I ain't being lead on by these two stupid girls for like a year straight getting cucked being called best friend and being flamed for not responding in 5 seconds. like relax.Anyways great Cuck Simulator 2017, SeemsGoodand then theres that free version? like uh ok why buy this LOL"
76561198175702953,Recommended,523780,32052888,Posted: 29 May,all,Jackson Frank,after compleating the game in about a hour and a half i found out that the game has a great story line and that there is alot to learn from this game. i find the game really fun and hope it gets more added to continure the amazing story that is constructed by your choices on what to say. 10/10 would buy again and gift to my friends.
76561198059249660,Recommended,523780,32012143,Posted: 27 May,all,GeneralRambo,Fantastic game! I would recommend it to anyone!
,Recommended,523780,32056123,Posted: 29 May,all,The Hentai Man,"I played the first game, and it left me with emotions that only someone could take so much.I played this one, paid for it, and it is mindblowing, mainly from the fact that there's two people to talk to, easter eggs are nice as well, but the story was really...It's so good, it left me with no words to describe how amazing it is.It truly replicates the consequences of one's actions and being the voice of reason in a way, is both overwhelming and difficult.Even if you have finished the game already, it's a good idea, at least for me, to go back, wipe the slate clean, and try doing things differently."
76561198120567881,Recommended,523780,32073819,Posted: 30 May,all,iShaneTatts,"I don't even care, this game is so cruel on so many levels, why in the hell did I get so emotionally attached when I was getting the boot from Emily? .. Mr Kyle Seeley you are one sick and twisted individual I didn't think it could get much worse after the original but this damn near had me welling up like a baby that lost his rattle! .. bravo good sir you've made a simple but absolutely amazing game right here!"
76561198146818767,Recommended,523780,32073906,Posted: 30 May,all,Neren,"Fun and interesting game, a shame there's not many endings though. 5 bucks well spent."
,Recommended,523780,32119492,Posted: 1 June,all,Zimbabweee,Got my revenge from the first one eh
,Recommended,523780,32119076,Posted: 1 June,all,Garrythemod,"Kyle Seeley you are a master at story telling! This game is more about personal experience and I can see this not being everyones cup of tea, it's pretty much a choice your own adventure book in terms of gameplay with the typical Good-Neutral-Bad outcomes depending on what you choose (which has a one fast paced sequences that spice it up nicely in the middle) I think this is very much for a niche audience and I can recommend this games to my friends easily. So how about I tell you about my experience playing the game?WARNING SPOILERS:I for one, have a girlfriend called Emily, who related more to punk4eva than emerz35. The things that Evelyn said closely related to what my real-life Emily said to me, that couples should be built on trust and it doesn't matter if you closely relate to one another in terms of film and music, cause when you're in love, you'll just do what you guys love but together and experience more things. Also don't lie about who you are eto get in someones pants, that's possibly the worst thing ever. Also Emily got a really lovely text after playing this, teared up :')"
,Recommended,523780,32120810,Posted: 1 June,all,Kronikle,"I realize probably no one is going to read this, but I just wanted to vent anyway.  I thought this was a great game that was almost ruined by a potentially terrible, non-sensical ending.Major spoilers ahead:There's two girls you can talk to and both of them ask you more or less similar questions.  I went back to my high school years to answer these questions in a way that best reflected myself during that time period.At one point one of the girls asked if I'd had sex before, and the answers were something like ""Yes"", ""Kinda?"", and ""No"".  I went with the seemingly neutral ""Kinda?"" answer because I thought it would signify not quite sex, but very close.  My character started typing the ""Kinda?"" response, then deleted the message and rewrote ""Yes"".  Absolutely not the selection I chose, but whatever, hopefully that wouldn't matter.The second girl then asked me if I'd had sex before and the answers were something like ""Yes"", ""I only got to third base"", and ""No"".  I picked the middle option because, again, that's what I was trying to answer with the first girl.  This time, my character actually typed out my selection.Cut to the ending and the second girl is now breaking up with me because I apparently lied to the first girl about being a virgin even though I selected essentially the same answer for both of them (but my character decided to type out something different from what I selected).  This really rubbed me the wrong way and left a sour impression of the otherwise really immersive experience.  Even if I had lied to girl 1 about not being a virgin, it makes no sense why girl 2 would break up with me over it and it really seemed like the game was just grasping at straws to try to justify the bad ending.As much as I felt cheated out of the good ending I should have gotten, I still found the experience enjoyable enough for the $5 price tag to begrudgingly recommend it."
76561198034438959,Recommended,523780,32120288,Posted: 1 June,all,Coldw8ter,The feels are real =/
76561198042938071,Recommended,523780,32132145,Posted: 2 June,all,Khaotic Brutii,I was taken back in time to when MSN ruled supreme and i became immersed in the characters and the story became my life... And i may or may not have fallen in love... Never had a game make me feel like this.punk4eva+Me for lyfe <3
,Recommended,523780,32134835,Posted: 2 June,all,Hulman,One of the best simulators I've ever played
,Recommended,523780,32127891,Posted: 2 June,all,CANCERKIDD,Its Great
76561198113978679,Recommended,523780,32143300,Posted: 2 June,all,DaddyOFive,Did I beat the game or did the game beat me?
,Recommended,523780,32145261,Posted: 2 June,all,One Star Paradox,"It's a somewhat interesting concept with a few different endings. If you you like 2004-2007 indie rock, pop punk, and post-hardcore than this game will be a treat for the music alone. I enjoyed it."
76561198081827489,Recommended,523780,32146333,Posted: 3 June,all,Kamisaki,"Well, yeah. It's a fun game and all, it's just got some of the same problems as the first game. The ♥♥♥♥ing characters are really, annoyingly unrealistic. There was multiple times where I just was take aback by how stupid some things are.Don't respond in 5 seconds during a certain part? She won't talk to you for months. Say you don't know what you want to do with your life, then later say It'd be cool to settle down? Bad endng.However, I still really like the game and had fun for most of it, it's just towards the end the characters start becoming unrealistic to up the difficulty.My favorite parts of the game are the additions from the first, which would be the music recommendations and having 2 girls to balance.So, yeah, I totally recommend the game and had a lot of fun until the last chapter. good luck doing better than me i guess"
,Recommended,523780,32136857,Posted: 2 June,all,Xandierious,"This game is everything the fans asked for and more! I loved every moment of it, and highly reccomend this as a great story-driven game with some swell character development!"
76561198112954476,Recommended,523780,32135699,Posted: 2 June,all,hpbuddy,"I loved Emily is Away, and this game just made me love the format of these games so much more. I was so sad when I ended the game because I have become so connected with the two main females. Have only gotten one of the endings so far, but I am hoping the other endings are as emotional as the first one."
,Recommended,523780,32134723,Posted: 2 June,all,Oculus Nex,Broke my hearts again
,Recommended,523780,32132599,Posted: 2 June,all,мαrѕ αrɢo,"really what got me hooked was that you have the option to be an arctic monkeys & juno fanatic bc that's totally me, lol.personally would never talk to emily OR evelyn irl because to me they were exremely annoying but hey guess that is what happens when your options are a sappy and an emo.love the gameplay though good♥♥♥♥♥♥peace"
,Recommended,523780,32129452,Posted: 2 June,all,Echo 479er,The feels are back.10/10
,Recommended,523780,32128073,Posted: 2 June,all,aa - s3vendt [SS7],if a game can crush my will to live then it deserves a 5 star rating
76561198166758523,Recommended,523780,32131123,Posted: 2 June,all,KARP | God,This game is absolutely great! I think it's the best game i've played this year.10/10
,Recommended,523780,32130460,Posted: 2 June,all,NicoBBQ,Emily is away is one hell of a ride!I never though I could get attached to virtual characters that much.This game actually made me feel like it was 2006 all over again.It's like you're watching a movie / reading a book where you're the main protagonist and your choices actually matter.Most definitely one of the best game I've played this year!
76561198160466805,Recommended,523780,32170786,Posted: 4 June,all,ltninja9,Perfect game to chill to and have an emotional experience!
,Recommended,523780,32189104,Posted: 4 June,all,Caprisun,"Quite the emotional roller coaster, but pretty awesomesauce. About five times longer than the first game, but worth every minute."
,Recommended,523780,32194944,Posted: 5 June,all,Bergnus,The nostalgia is strong with this one
76561198264903459,Recommended,523780,32194296,Posted: 5 June,all,joeb1974,THIS IS A GREAT GAME. I ENJOYED THE FIRST GAME BUT WANTED MORE THERE IS A COUPLE MINOR GRIPES BUT OVER ALL A GREAT GAME
76561198033401553,Recommended,523780,32195560,Posted: 5 June,all,Jonny,"This game just hits so many chords. It's too real. By the end of it I definitely felt like all the choices I had made were the real me now, it was kinda scary lol. But yeah, it resonated pretty hard for me and gave me perspective on how my own life coulda been better had I had the confidence back then that I do now. Bravo Emily is Away Too for not only giving me a huge relatable nostalgia trip, but for giving me an interactive and introspective experience to learn more about myself and for reminding me to never stop living life to its fullest."
76561198269283572,Recommended,523780,32191632,Posted: 4 June,all,Cole,"This was an amazzing game, I would love to see some DLC of college, maybe even after"
76561198118811147,Recommended,523780,32185765,Posted: 4 June,all,arcticwind,"Good game, much enjoy, very like"
,Recommended,523780,32186026,Posted: 4 June,all,Valiance | Totinos.com,"I never review anything, but I'm rating this super positive. It was so much nostaligia, and so much fun."
76561198079485958,Recommended,523780,32186051,Posted: 4 June,all,TiddlyWinks,This game is great.I really mean that it is a well crafted work that takes multiple plays to comprehend. Worth £4 and the improvements over the first game are great really like the fact you can affect the ending and the fact that you get sent these links to YOUTOOB and the like are amazing. Great game and well worth the money.
76561198044578541,Recommended,523780,32188506,Posted: 4 June,all,Vandelare,"♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, absolutely amazing and one of the best story-driven games i have ever played, sooo much better than the first one, even though the first one was definitely good in it's own right, this just feels much better much more choice-driven and it just has way more options, best ♥♥♥♥ing 5 euros i ever spent!And if you have 5 euros/dollars to spend, and even if you just as much as respect story-driven choice depending games, you should definitely pick this up.Also this is a must-have for any undertale or telltale fans."
,Recommended,523780,32204712,Posted: 5 June,all,[TDA] Lord Atrocity,I really loved Emily is Away too! Really enjoyable experience that actually had me caring about the characters in the game. It really did make them feel real and it created a weird nostalgic feeling that confused me into investing a lot of emotion into the characters. I would play Emily is Away (the first one) as it is free and it will give you an idea of what to expect with this game. I loved it and it was well worth the money. Really hope to see more of Emily is Away games and more from the developer! Love it!
76561198047624299,Recommended,523780,32213886,Posted: 5 June,all,King of the Huehue's,the feels train has no brakes
,Recommended,523780,32196808,Posted: 5 June,all,Onihae,Trauma from the first game made me choose Evelyn. No regrets.
,Recommended,523780,32211755,Posted: 5 June,all,no.end,"meowmix is good, this is good, I see a pattern"
,Recommended,523780,32210867,Posted: 5 June,all,DERP_MAX,"This game is fantastically developed.  The interactions with the characters in game feel like you're actually talking to living, breathing human beings.  And oh man, the effect that your choices and words have on things throughout the game is just absolutely stunning.  Thank you so much for this experience, I will truly never forget it and cherish it forever. ;u;"
,Recommended,523780,32211099,Posted: 5 June,all,LudaOtaku,Got the opportunity to confess my love to a game character without the game requiring me to do so.11/10Definitively an improvement over the original game. I haven't tested all scenarios but the one full scenario rush I just did really satisfied me.
,Recommended,523780,32209913,Posted: 5 June,all,We Wuz Prime Ministahz n Sheit,Said one half truth and everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also when I selected what I wanted to type the game would say an entirely different thing. KIt's cool that it has it's own old pixel-style websites like Youtube and Facebook but there's not really much you can do other than add the two main interactable characters as friends for the plot or watch a select amount of Youtube videos. The websites would be a cool thing if more detail was put into them.£4... for it's gameplay value it's more like £2 at mostI mean I'd take different routes but I cba.6/10
,Recommended,523780,32166446,Posted: 3 June,all,Raamad,"Dunno who's Emily, Evee's bae now"
76561198255789690,Recommended,523780,32209390,Posted: 5 June,all,Zerk,"A visual novel, back in the days of Windows XP and AOL Instant Messenger back from 2002, with you having two love interests, Emily and Evelyn. As well as being heartbreaking at the very end of the game, when I realized my own mistakes and knwoing what I could have done to prevent them. Overall, a great game with use of the butterfly effect (small actions will have big effects later on) that brings back aspects of Windows XP and AOL IM from 2002."
76561198129357063,Recommended,523780,32109952,Posted: 1 June,all,The Player Nobody Heard of,I needed a lot of towels2 sad 4 me - 12/10
,Recommended,523780,32108783,Posted: 1 June,all,VindictivEntity,"I LOVE IT, The fist game was great, even though you ended up sad and alone. I like that in the second installment, there are alternate endings and different choices that can be made during the game like choosing Emily or Evelyn. I love this, please keep up the AWESOME work and I hope to see some more installments to this ADDICTING series! THANK YOU!!!"
,Recommended,523780,32110435,Posted: 1 June,all,Mr Music,This game captures the almost exact way in which I meet my wife. It is so well done that we can almost call it a memoir. A piece of art that sadly only a small part of our generation will know truly feels like. Here's to finding love while killing zombies together!
76561198107054744,Recommended,523780,32114260,Posted: 1 June,all,DeadRabbit,"Surprising enough, Emily isn't as much of a♥♥♥♥♥♥in this one. Go buy it, game that's better to play, instead of watching somebody else play itPS, for every good reason there is to lie, there's a better reason to tell the truth. - Bo Bennett"
76561198210244308,Recommended,523780,32114830,Posted: 1 June,all,Айзан Коротаев,This is one of the few games i've actualy taken the time to write a review for but it litteraly stole my heart and broke it so i thought i'd give it some time. Emily is Away 2 is by far in my opinon the best game this year because of the way it really makes you feel like you know and care avout the charecters. I would say that there is a 90% chance you will almost or will cry at the end it is an emotinal rollercoaster.10/10 Would cry on the floor again
76561197996744642,Recommended,523780,32111091,Posted: 1 June,all,[WL]Can't Shoah the Joah,"THIS IS WAY TO REAL.GOD DAMN, GOT THOSE NAM FLASHBACKS ROCKING ME.Thanks for letting me relive my horrible time screwing it up with girls on MSN."
76561198161565597,Recommended,523780,32111375,Posted: 1 June,all,mrwolf768,Why Emily :(10/10 though
76561198357585630,Recommended,523780,32113891,Posted: 1 June,all,DoomsBride,"Only real reason why I even bought this game was because Jacksepticeye was playing it, and it seemed rad, so then here i go spending money on a game that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, because I can't really be an♥♥♥♥♥to the other people. Anyways, It's still a pretty cool game to just play when you have nothing better to do and you're too lazy to actually be social in the real world.  Not a bad game, but just a heads up you are in control of how your ending will be so don't ♥♥♥♥ it up just like I did...."
,Recommended,523780,32108947,Posted: 1 June,all,MichaelJuan,"Got Emily ending. I ♥♥♥♥ING LOVE IT!!!!I love you Emiliy, I really am.11/10 Best game ever"
,Recommended,523780,32094970,Posted: 31 May,all,Αἴας,"Right in the feels... ♥♥♥♥, this game brings me back to the MSN-era."
,Recommended,523780,32096687,Posted: 31 May,all,lmanstl,I really like this game and the first one as well.
,Recommended,523780,32104569,Posted: 1 June,all,Neirbotte,My past self relates to this so much
76561198157283034,Recommended,523780,32100323,Posted: 31 May,all,lnw1222,"I really liked the first game, and the sequel is even better. I enjoyed the first approach that sometimes things don't work out, no matter what you do/say, but I do prefer the second game having multiple endings. There were consequences to what I said, and the characters were realistic in their replies. I'm looking forward to getting through all the routes. I highly reccomend both games."
,Recommended,523780,32012737,Posted: 27 May,all,poochi,"This game really messes with you, holy god10/10"
76561198182957213,Recommended,523780,32097364,Posted: 31 May,all,WhyNotLiam,A wonderful game... Im cried a bit.
,Recommended,523780,32097371,Posted: 31 May,all,legotd61,"I absolutely loved this game, I felt like I was talking to an acutal person! Some decisions were hard to make in this game. I actually got an ending that only 3.7% of people got, the evelyn couple ending."
76561198055369081,Recommended,523780,32097427,Posted: 31 May,all,Rykiler,"Absolutely captivating. No words can describe the rollercoaster of emotions you will endure through this game. At a $5 price tag, this game is too good to pass up. Any 90's kid can enjoy waves of nostalgia alongside a breathtaking story. 10/10"
,Recommended,523780,32052926,Posted: 29 May,all,FidgetMyMidget,Emotional rollercoaster. Pretty gud
76561198110247890,Recommended,523780,32095349,Posted: 31 May,all,ToX1cMoNkEy,Much feels Such Sad 20/10 cant wait for more projects from dev keep it up
,Recommended,523780,32101999,Posted: 1 June,all,mintyON3,Highly recommended. It brought back so many memories that I logged into my old AIM account just to see if it still worked. Please support the creator by purchasing this game instead of pirating a copy. Fingers crossed in hopes for another sequel. Go team Evelyn!
76561198171445249,Recommended,523780,32100617,Posted: 31 May,all,Hokage ♥长的迪克风格♥,I just cant....................just get it man.........i  just feel complete10/10♥♥♥♥ Emily (Eva is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ best waifu)
,Recommended,523780,32101161,Posted: 31 May,all,Gassicus,"Man that ending killed me. IT was pretty depressing. But hey life moves on I guess. Maybe next game lol.This game has great potiential, I love it."
,Recommended,523780,32101209,Posted: 31 May,all,zeroxshadow,"I felt like I was transported back to my high school days. At first the conversation seemed so childish, i laughed at all the :D and xD's that seemed to pop up during the dialog. It was so nostalgic. And then the conversations became real. I had to stop at some point because I was so stressed out I was going to have an unhappy ending (I did).  I accidently lied early on and didnt realize it. Broke my heart.On a positive note, I loved the youToob lonk features and everything felt so real.  Buy it if you want to relive your teen years :)"
,Recommended,523780,32103373,Posted: 1 June,all,Rustler,Right in the feels.
,Recommended,523780,32098215,Posted: 31 May,all,Allum74,"God this game, I just wanted to be friends with both of them! I wanted to not be a jerk but I ended up all alone. Just always tell the truth (or fail so bad and find a magical way of replaying time, your choice). Just like the first one this game was a roller coster of feels. I got emotionally attached to the characters, I just thought of them as if they were real people and I was talking to me friend that I actually knew. I have had things like this happen to me and I just really connected with this game, definetly worth the $5."
,Recommended,523780,32097852,Posted: 31 May,all,BElawNˣᴰ,"This game has its own Youtube, Facebook and It even writes files To your desktop.....oh and its has people you can talk to which is cool I guess,10/10 would post this game on facenook again. =P"
76561198262524556,Recommended,523780,32097872,Posted: 31 May,all,Lady Legasis,"Lots of nostalgia and sweet moments, plus some good music thrown in as well. Not a long game but memorable.(Having the opportunity to get a happy ending with Em was a nice plus as well)"
,Recommended,523780,32096562,Posted: 31 May,all,Ze,"""Deuces"""
,Recommended,523780,32143966,Posted: 2 June,all,Nolim1tzzzz,Just call this game Nostalgia
,Recommended,523780,32143681,Posted: 2 June,all,rebdomine811,This game is so different and unique. I love it. It's even better than the first one. It really makes you get immersed.
76561198285802875,Recommended,523780,32127427,Posted: 2 June,all,chen shuhe,"If there have an ending, Emily send this song to mehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaVW3RQJQ90I might really fall in love with her  =]"
76561198268390121,Recommended,523780,32144036,Posted: 2 June,all,lenaballerina95,"Love it, so ..."
76561198045379907,Recommended,523780,32143874,Posted: 2 June,all,MrJoeSmo,"EXTRA! EXTRA! THIS JUST IN! $5 TO BE REMINDED OF HOW LONELY YOU ARE! GET IT TODAY!!! EXTRA!seriously, its depressing...seriously seriously though... its great, well worth the $5...just finished it... still waiting for a text damn it!and im lonely ;("
,Recommended,523780,32142494,Posted: 2 June,all,Press 3 for Customer Service,"SUCH a good sequel to the first game. It definitely adds up to the first, and more. There's a lot more funny parts, but it still doesn't take away from the emotional parts.My only complaint is the fact there's a part where you need to talk to two people at once, and it's timed. Not to mention it gets faster as it goes on and the messages get longer. There IS a point to it, and that's make you choose a priority, but it just needs some slack.OTHER than that, absolutely wonderful game. Pick it up ASAP"
,Recommended,523780,32142546,Posted: 2 June,all,brinax,this game has ruined me in every possible way good and bad .the nostalgia along with the details and the real-feeling conversations and choices make this tale memorable and replayable . it is truly worth your money and time
,Recommended,523780,32142776,Posted: 2 June,all,Frostrogue117,"I really REALLY loved Emily is Away. So much that I prodded my friends all the time to play it. Right now I'm abroad in japan (unrelated), but I got 2 of my floormates to play the first one last week. They both enjoyed it even though the point of the game was not to succeed, because ""in retrospect everything just seemed so planned out..."" (<< $%^& that line. That is what I always quote now).Emily Too is a much more developed game, still about the same length or so, but with much more features to pull you in and make the game feel like the player is talking with Emily and Evelyn. However, this is where it bugs me. Emily 1 was somewhat cartoonish and unreasonable, but the point was that in reality ""you don't have control sometimes."" In EmilyToo, this cartoonish and unreasonable behavior is magnified and multiplied in both of them! I got a bad ending with Emily unfortunately, but as soon as I realized I was heading down the path of failure, I stopped caring.I stopped caring because, in my situation, Emily was being far to unreasonable and irrational to care about, or think of realistically as a person. If you want to know my situation:When Evelyn asked if I had sex, I said ""kind of..."" (b/c that is a hilarious option though!), but told Emily I was a virgin. Then it goes completely spiraling out of control when Eve says otherwise, and Em thinks the entire relationship, friendship, history was a complete lie! And, proceeds to say I manipulated her and used her, which makes no &*$#@ sense and there is no way to draw a connection from a lie like that.So on and so forth more unrealistic bull$%*&, and at that point: me, and the girl that sitting next to me in the hallways playing this game together but were like ""♥♥♥♥ emily, I don't care anymore.""Also when Evelyn says:""♥♥♥♥ off kid!"" when the player doesn't respond in 5 seconds, is another exampleSo ya, I don't care for the bad ending in the slightest, it just felt like an unreasonable/unrealisitic one. I will go back and play again for the good one(s)? but like I kind of have a bad taste in my mouth. I barely ever right reviews, but I felt this one necessary to get across to Kyle Seeley (love ya bro).In conclusion, Emily Too improves on alot of the features Emily 1 was, but I felt the characters were lacking in any sense of being grounded. Also, Evelyn has a great taste in music ^-^b. It's only $5, I do recommend this game still. I hope you have a high WPM, because Chapter 3 will test you harder than a Genicide Sans fight in Undertale."
,Recommended,523780,32145137,Posted: 2 June,all,Weeb Reborn,-Play the first game with hope of the same heartbreaking end-Everything is going great-F*** the Evelyn part while tryig to talk to both of them by overthinking-3 hours after looks like nothing is bad-True reveals and I'm a liar-Cry10/10 heartbroke again.
,Recommended,523780,32144992,Posted: 2 June,all,MrGamer510 YT,"Great game! It can make you cry, give you feels!10/10Tip: Dont lie if you dont want a bad ending!"
,Recommended,523780,32145084,Posted: 2 June,all,Player98,At least Emily's not a total B*tch like the first EiA
,Recommended,523780,32149941,Posted: 3 June,all,Totodile,im Enjoying play this game. life about high school and then move out to collage. Figure out what option to do a best. And there are good ending and bad ending happening in last chapter. It worth buying this game. 11/10.
,Recommended,523780,32145959,Posted: 3 June,all,CxTrix,"The game was great I just felt like there was too many wasted opportunites like they could of had more conflic in the story by havingJeff Or Steven Malicously message you after finding out that you were talking to there ex/current gflike I kept clicking on there usernames to see if they'd ever message me but they never did throughout the entirety of the story, Again the game was great but Idk I wanted something more It feels likeOkay if I pick Emily then the events that take place in the first game will happen and then I'm left with just choosing evelyn but then the events in the first game conflict with this because evelyn is no where to be found so it just brings me to the conclusion that you break up with herA major improvement from the first game, multiple endings lead to more replay abilityI got to be with eveyln and JESUS CHRIST THE PART WHERE YOU HAVE TO TALK TO BOTH AT ONCE WITH A TIME LIMIT AWW MAN....."
,Recommended,523780,32074033,Posted: 30 May,all,Insanity_C,"For the second time, this game made me cry (the first time is Emily is away 1 btw)"
,Recommended,523780,32156265,Posted: 3 June,all,Emerentus,"I Wish there were more people like emily and evelyn and the main character i playedthese types of friends are hard to find, there are countless amounts of times i wished i had a friend like this.always ready to help you, to talk, always on your side, never an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,sure i have close friends but nothing like this. and during the period i played this game i felt a real connection to these peopleand then it hurts when they just leave like that. i miss being able to love someone like i loved these characters...i try to be same as the our character. helpfull, kind, never an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ always being ready to talk even if its about somerandom silly♥♥♥♥♥♥ just talking to someone who needs can really help.... its hard to be like this to everyone because a lotof people will reject this kind of help. well in my experience that is. just try to be helpful and supportive to as many people as possibleanyway.. my point is... if you have a friend who needs someone like emily end evelyn did help them like my character did and maybe youll find love like our character well that is if you dont already have love lol."
76561198040232645,Recommended,523780,32312528,Posted: 10 June,all,Kruger,This game gave me depression and make me an alcoholic. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,523780,32317559,Posted: 10 June,all,muf muf,Very fun game would play again.
,Recommended,523780,32305624,Posted: 9 June,all,Jxblo,"An emotional, beautiful game. I played it again a second time to get it just right ;))"
,Recommended,523780,32303192,Posted: 9 June,all,TnXgaming,"This game will take you on an emotional drive. It is fun, interactive, and it has so many improvements from the first game. This game is so recommended."
,Recommended,523780,32331325,Posted: 10 June,all,spook_,"Choose your own adventure: Teenagers on the Internet in 2006Great game, would recommend if you like the feeling of punching yourself in your emotions sometimes. The story itself can be a bit cliche, admittedly, but there are lots of other details and secrets that make it worth playing. The mockup websites and .txt files add to the immersion very well in my opinion, and have great potential should this game be expanded in the future."
,Recommended,523780,32351477,Posted: 11 June,all,MitchellHop,"Awesome game, Love the different choices you can make and the recreated websites are awesome"
76561198061553833,Recommended,523780,32338292,Posted: 11 June,all,Wafflez4859,Love This game.
76561198090148123,Recommended,523780,32333603,Posted: 10 June,all,Kiriam,"So, i bought this game almost immeditally after completing the first, and I have to say, while not like most games (in terms of content) that you can get for 5 bucks, it's definitely worth a try. I've managed to kill a couple of hours playing through it, the plot of it all is really interesting, it grabs you and almost doesn't want to let go. Yes, this game doesn't have all of the luster of most these days, yes, the content is small, but that's no reason not to give it a try. The easter eggs (icons, random chats, etc.) are hilarious, and at one point the game seems to set you up for failure (not gonna spoil it) just stick with it and things will turn out okay! Emily is Away Too is an amazing sequeal to an amazing indie game, and while not much has changed, the game decides to put more effort into involving you, giving you links to an alternative youtube and facebook (youtoob and facenook) exporting files to your desktop, and even asking you to change your background to help immerse yourself. If you're looking for a very story heavy game, this may not be for you, on the contrary, if you're looking for a visual novel, filled with nostalgia, and a pretty decent story, then by all means this is the game. Thanks for taking the time to read this, and I hope it has helped you in your decision!"
,Recommended,523780,32346848,Posted: 11 June,all,SpaGeddes,The most real experience i would hopefully have with a girl 11/10 would go to prom again
,Recommended,523780,32315215,Posted: 10 June,all,Polish Viking,Beautiful!!!
76561198275755849,Recommended,523780,32206773,Posted: 5 June,all,More please,One of the best games to ever be made!
76561198289624466,Recommended,523780,32220540,Posted: 6 June,all,Kirockiyo,♥♥♥♥ !I can't discribe it with words..LOL
76561198100467233,Not Recommended,523780,32238447,Posted: 7 June,all,Slavdere,It's a nice game but it's way too short i got through the game in an hour. Unless you want to go for all the endings and  achievements i don't recomend it.
76561198153334535,Recommended,523780,32263501,Posted: 8 June,all,Sir Octavius Orca,"This is undoubtedly one of the most emotionally exhausting games I have ever played, and having experienced a situation like this before I can relate quite a bit. It's a perfect representation of hard decisions you are forced to make when stuck between two people you feel for, I honestly felt like I was replaying an entire section of my life again! Truly Amazing!In short, I strongly recommend this game, It's definitely one of my favorite games of this year! So I will say it again, GET THIS GAME!"
76561198072375588,Recommended,523780,32260451,Posted: 7 June,all,Shrekowski,"**spoiler review sort of**To be honest. I don't think It's worth 5 dollars. I got the evelyn ending in two hours and I'm not sure if I'm gonna go through with playing another 2 hours for emily. I had a pleasant experience with this game however, It made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside when Evelyn and myself ended up dating and going off to college and keeping the relationship up. Unless the Emily ending is somewhat different. I think this game was worth $2 at most."
76561198151525882,Recommended,523780,32206368,Posted: 5 June,all,riamu,"Awesomesauce!I cherished every minute of this game, it made me feel all fuzzy inside. I ended up with the ending...SPOILERS KINDA... being in a relationship with Emily and this made me so happy. Im excited for future games that this developer will make, hopefully he will.Deuces!"
76561198176174397,Recommended,523780,32214086,Posted: 5 June,all,Dr. Gay,Good game. Just play it. Can't say anything else. It's just a good sequel to a good game.
76561198180177902,Recommended,523780,32227332,Posted: 6 June,all,rebeccaelbrown,"This game is the perfect sequel. It has more people to talk to and links to click on. This adds so much to the gameplay and I know I will play this game over and over again. You really feel like you are part of these people's lives and the story and script are spot on. Amazing game, highly recommends."
76561197982418113,Recommended,523780,32208586,Posted: 5 June,all,U9Daddy,"That was a game and half.Story: 8/10Gameplay: 6/10This is WAaaayy better then the orginalBuy this game!Briandawn95 has signed out""You either die a hero, or livelong enough to see yourselfbecome a villian"""
,Recommended,523780,32225928,Posted: 6 June,all,Aero Cony,"After ending ""Emily is Away"" emotionally, I got so turned in this game. It's just great!"
,Recommended,523780,32225275,Posted: 6 June,all,war3.exe,♥♥♥♥ing awesome game. its so ♥♥♥♥ing real and brings back so many ♥♥♥♥ing memories
,Recommended,523780,32229808,Posted: 6 June,all,Mazzatti,"Beautiful game, Loved every second of it. The characters in the game really seemed real to me, And this game... It just works. You get somewhat attatched to the characters so the outcomes in it actually have feeling to them. All in all it was worth the 5$ I recomend this game to anyone and everyone. But if you dont like the game, It's cool, People have there own tastes. :)"
,Recommended,523780,32228618,Posted: 6 June,all,soup,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game tugs at the heartstrings.If I've learned one thing, its to keep your story straight.I ♥♥♥♥ed up with Emily but I started dating Eva, and it was going great.Until the end.In the beginning I lied to Emily about my beliefs but told the truth to Eva, which ♥♥♥♥ed up my ending.Basically because I lied I got a bad ending in which we broke up.8.8/10 Worth the buy.TL;DR Don't lie."
,Recommended,523780,32234021,Posted: 7 June,all,Gan Grape,10/10 made me sad10/10 great experience
,Recommended,523780,32234744,Posted: 7 June,all,rodzuz,"Wow, this is really interesting and I will definitely play it a few more times"
76561198058073353,Recommended,523780,32260641,Posted: 7 June,all,Korlor,"This game is solid. It have a good interactive story that I'm sure you'll enjoy, but this is not the game I recommend. I recommend the original ""Emily is Away"". The story is more impactful, well written, and (in my opinion) more fun to play. That doesn't mean you shouldn't play ""Emily is Away Too"", just that this game has some high standards to live up to."
76561198057376104,Recommended,523780,32233403,Posted: 6 June,all,DomBombadil,So immersive that I was having flashbacks back to the idiot I was in high school.  This game is so good at nailing that feeling of awkward first relationships.  Play this game if you want the feels.
76561198069966168,Recommended,523780,32261562,Posted: 7 June,all,XxHeavenLeighxX,Love this game and the way you actually get attached to the people in the game. Love the multiple endings also. I would LOVE and hope to see an Emily is away 3!!!
,Recommended,523780,32285913,Posted: 9 June,all,TheSithCode,"I felt feelings.Nothing makes me feel feelings.""It's only just a crush, it'll go awayIt's just like all the others it'll go awayOr maybe this is danger and he just don't knowYou pray it all away but it continues to grow"""
76561198269281090,Recommended,523780,32283098,Posted: 8 June,all,reecerules1234,amazing game but the ending just ended out of no where
76561198137799965,Recommended,523780,32281087,Posted: 8 June,all,Funnyman0830,"Hmmmmmmmm, a good game? A game with actual feelings. Girls that get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at you if you don't respond in 2 seconds. A time when people actually listened to good music. A time when You have to pick between punk rock or alternative. A time when Bush was still president. That moment when you ask your 25 year old cousin if this is actually what it was like in 2006 and he nodded slowly. That moment when: Evelyn: I'm going to go take a shower.  player: shower as in.... naked.Evelyn: ya that's typically how I shower....  player: oh ya.... me too! That moment when you want to literally want to break down and cry because you were not a teenager that could give remarkably good advice in the early 2000's. Damn....... what happened in 2010....."
,Recommended,523780,32282670,Posted: 8 June,all,KairiAnneYukari557,"Oh my gob! This was so goooood! I got Evelyn (probably because I was predisposed to liking her due to our similar favorites) and I was so happy with the ending! The only thing I didn't like was the time challenge, only for the simple fact that just being you might be interested in one doesn't mean you can't comfort them both at the same time. But oh well. It was a small complaint in a sea of awesomeness! Wonderful job!"
,Recommended,523780,32283131,Posted: 8 June,all,Etill,"Emily is Away Too is an amazing game, I have nearly gotten 100% on this game, though one part i have not discovered, theFrogFractionsThree secret.This game is the perfect definition of immersion. instead of the previous game, EIAT in a way changes your desktop/laptop to the game. with YouToob and FaceNook, YTMND and others. This game is just pure gold.Still eating that alphabet soup Kyle?"
,Recommended,523780,32192132,Posted: 4 June,all,Puncake,It's Awesomesauce
,Recommended,523780,32182328,Posted: 4 June,all,Tadorou,"100000000000000000000000/10 starsOne of the best emotional rollercoasters i have  ever ridedDefinately on my top 5 games of all time, maybe even  top 3I recommend it to everyone who loves rpgsLastly it is really close to what would happen irl"
,Recommended,523780,32181505,Posted: 4 June,all,Cosmostropharmutarianism,"I would be wiling to pay more for this game just because of how brilliant it is. If you enjoyed the first Emily Is Away game you will without a doubt need to try this one.Once the game started to break the fourth wallI couldn't help but smile because of how clever everything in this game is. No other game had me go from smiling to frowning then back to smiling then to crying in a matter of ten minutes.For the price, 10/10 best game."
,Recommended,523780,32179108,Posted: 4 June,all,Dat_Boi,Good game
,Recommended,523780,32804688,Posted: 26 June,all,femshep,"OK so I'm really angry at this game because I got broken up with over a ""lie"" that wasn't a lie?I swear when I told Emily I didn't drink it was the chapter before I told Evee that I did drink sometimes. Highschoolers can change a lot in a few months so I literally pictured myself having a literally changed answer in that time, not lying.I guess the ensuing drama at the end was accurately very high school. Seriously though, a lot can change in a few months! I should have had the option to say I'd started drinking since senior year had started.Whatever. 10/10 for nostalgic AIM story game. Great icons, flavor text, and conversation flow."
,Recommended,523780,32801669,Posted: 25 June,all,Kyle Farwell,♥♥♥♥
76561198048747442,Recommended,523780,32611474,Posted: 20 June,all,kaleigh,"One of the most emotional experiences I've had on novel games.After playing the first game, I'm so glad I finished the second. For those that have completed the first game, this is a must-buy.It's not exactly a story with a complex plot like Life is Strange, but it really captures that growing up aspect. And I LOVE that there are multiple endings.Has great replayability.After my second playthrough, I found that this game contains invaluable life lessons.Well worth the $5. I would have paid $15.Minor Cons: I wish the 3 choices were more different from one another and that we would have more options to choose from."
,Recommended,523780,32632562,Posted: 21 June,all,Damn Dood™,There's a happy ending now!
76561198113644804,Recommended,523780,32635725,Posted: 21 June,all,dorkbutt,"Reminds me of when I was talking to my friends on the internet back in school. The dialogue was very well written and realistic, made me cringe (in a good way) 2000's was such a wild time."
76561198342662231,Recommended,523780,32639870,Posted: 22 June,all,horselover2456,It's greati love these games so much but it keeps crashing and I did pay for it .
76561198228035644,Recommended,523780,32609508,Posted: 20 June,all,MrPositive29,Very interesting game. I recommend it for anyone wanting to pound on keyboards to fake virtual chats! 9/10
76561198215499253,Recommended,523780,32609302,Posted: 20 June,all,vanguardsuprieme,"I loved this game. Played the first one and loved it. I was very happy when I saw that they released a second one. It hits the feels. I have only played through it onc, but I plan on playing through it again. It would be interesting to see if there was a way to continue the story from the second one, but if not I am hoping for a third game all together. Loved this game and love that there are multiple endings to it. 10/10"
,Recommended,523780,32595419,Posted: 20 June,all,Spoodsy,"Awesome game thats just as great as the first game (Emily is Away).It's definitely worth the money even though It's jus ta few hours of gameplay, also the replayability is pretty decent since there a multiple endings.Ive got two complaits (sorry for missples, I can't be bothered fixing them)Be aware that this part might contain stuff that could be considered spoilers, but not reallyThere is a part where if you decide to talk to both characters (idk if you can even say no)  you get this annoying timer on both of them so you need to pick answers extremely quickly. I understand that this is a part of the game and tbf it did make it really intense but i definitely think the timer could have been slown down a lot.(This is a considerable spoiler but i will try to tone it down for people who havnt played)Early in the game both the characters ask you a lot of questions. The questions and answers are ofter very vague and you may accidentaly say a bit different on the two (as i and 30+% of players did). So i had this very minor mistake about what i wanted to to after college wich ♥♥♥♥ed the whole ending. One of the charcters started saying i was manipulative and even though we loved each other this minor inccident apparentely made it so we could be together."
76561198119555448,Recommended,523780,32058735,Posted: 30 May,all,☠Mu$tAnG☠,"This game is a major improvement over the first one.With this one, it introduced..- Multiple websites you can visit that feel like legitiment websites- Talk to two different people- Even download content straight to your desktop!- Some dank memesI'd say I would recommend this game, but you should play the first one to see why you need to buy it."
,Recommended,523780,32601409,Posted: 20 June,all,Zennrick,"Definately a great game and a massive imrpovement upon the first one! This game honestly filled with so much nostalgia and can play with your emotions (Well, at least it did for me). If you're looking for a cheap priced game to bum around on for a few hours, then I would reccomend this game!"
,Recommended,523780,32583732,Posted: 19 June,all,Swift_Foot13,"This game is perfect for a nostalgic throwback. The cringey high school drama, the music, and the golden days of youtube. Plus, it's easy for game achievements *awkward jazz hands*"
,Recommended,523780,32579421,Posted: 19 June,all,somniferum,I graduated in '07 as well and i have to say this game is pretty accurate10/10 guitar hero nostalgia
,Recommended,523780,32636986,Posted: 22 June,all,Zima,TopKek :]
,Recommended,523780,32964492,Posted: 28 June,all,TrippyHipster,pretty good
,Recommended,523780,32968817,Posted: 28 June,all,Sexually Confused Platypus,"I loved the first one and after playing through it, i love this one even more!"
76561198037806405,Recommended,523780,32120882,Posted: 1 June,all,Chickennipple,Exceptional game for the price! If you are interested pick it up.
76561198108031310,Recommended,523780,32947516,Posted: 28 June,all,Captain Cuddles,"If you have played the first one, then you will have no problem getting the hang of this one. This game was pretty good imo. I enjoyed the references to the early 2000s pop culture. Also, you have the choice of getting with not just Emily, but another girl as well. It has a bunch of different scenarios from other games and TV shows, as well, unlocked through hints and codes. A great little game that is definitely worth the price."
,Recommended,523780,33259413,Posted: 4 July,all,久美子 ♡,I loved how in depth it was and I learned that Emily is ♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,523780,33296310,Posted: 5 July,all,Tiana A.,"Quick, nostalgic, and honestly engrossing. It really feels like I'm talking to someone over AIM again, right down to the pressure you feel when they say, ""Hey, can we talk about something?"" The added character interaction + bomb music links made it even better than the first game. Would definitely recommend for a late night play."
76561198386908750,Recommended,523780,33302193,Posted: 5 July,all,Shan,"Loved the first one, but loved the second one even more. Such a fun, interesting game :)"
,Recommended,523780,33299706,Posted: 5 July,all,SEWBLICK,Lynn broke my ♥♥♥♥ing heart11/10
76561198157142296,Recommended,523780,33289745,Posted: 5 July,all,[Nevermore]イタチ,I got cucked by Emily FeelsBadMan
76561198139509948,Recommended,523780,33295767,Posted: 5 July,all,CrazeSimGaming,This game made me smile and cry :) Wonderful story and game. 10/10
,Recommended,523780,33326458,Posted: 6 July,all,Z a i o r  (° v ° ),"This game is awesomesauce! I loved it, it really makes you believe you are chatting with someone real. So many memories about those teenager years :')But it could really use some more chapters, more interactive websites like Facenook, I believe that it has a lot of potential for the story, PLEASE! haha"
76561198273143614,Recommended,523780,33348669,Posted: 7 July,all,mandy,"I loved everything about this game, it was much better than the first. I liked that there were more options, links to click, great music, and it was more customizable. The only part I wasn't a big fan of was the length of the game. Also, I think it'd be cooler if there were more people to talk to/ try to date. Great game though! Definitely worth it's price!"
76561198029075108,Recommended,523780,33348314,Posted: 7 July,all,furon747,"Excellent game. This installment lets you speak and eventually choose between two friends. Feels pretty sad when some things are said between you and your friends, but ultimately was extremely fun."
,Recommended,523780,32694329,Posted: 23 June,all,Buruk,Best trouble listening simulator ever.I think they should add more chapters and more things in this game because it's very short game for me. Please i hope devs see this comment
76561198113271868,Recommended,523780,33071063,Posted: 30 June,all,Mindrazer,"Aw hell yah now I get to friend-zone emily this timeAnd I'm Gunna get the good ending with the punk rock girlYES YES YES YESWAITnono noNO NO GOD PLEASEYah I did say that didn't IYah, I am just like steveandddd no one loves meBut seriously, not only did I like the whole ""mid 2000's"" Aesthetic more than the last game, but I really appreciate how they went al out for itFor most of the game I was listening to ""yootube""'s typical emo playlist of the time with songs like black parade and diary of jane. also, this game has the possiblity of a good ending, which is all I'll say.In short, if you want to Harness your angsty 2000's teenage years, and maybe have a chance of getting with a fake videogame girl, then emily away too is definitly for you."
,Recommended,523780,33688595,Posted: 20 July,all,Blooshoo,This is a pretty fun blast from the past that reminds me of all the time I spent on AIM :-)
76561198059243403,Recommended,523780,33684250,Posted: 20 July,all,mikal.toresen,"A beautiful little gem of a game! It really moved me in ways I didn't expect at all. The writing is really good, and I felt nostalgic in a good/bad way - it was all just so damn relatable. I've lived the life this game is all about. I highly reccomend people to buy it!"
,Recommended,523780,33632722,Posted: 18 July,all,Kame,"Love this game, story is ""life"", turn back memories from the past. Great idea for a game, I definately reccomend it."
,Recommended,523780,33630820,Posted: 18 July,all,TheDBro,"Loved the first game,Love this one too.Protip:Be VERY careful with your choices, it could end you up struggling for a few minutes in an intense typing accident"
76561198050024087,Recommended,523780,33624801,Posted: 18 July,all,JWeenus,"If anyone ever told you that nostalgia doesn't have a price - they may be right. But it's more than 10 bucks, and that makes this game a deal if you're from age 27-35. You could be married with two kids, but the trip down memory lane is enough to make you remember how important it is that you've found someone for you. Because it's very possible that you could have let her (or him) go."
,Recommended,523780,33699220,Posted: 21 July,all,Mr.bluz,Awesome game!
,Recommended,523780,33577277,Posted: 15 July,all,Tord,"I..I...I...I don't know what to really say. This game has left ME speechless. Im a complete♥♥♥♥♥♥and this game made me CARE for people! Like WHAT? In all seriousness this game is superb and I can't say enough good things about it. I love it deeply. Filled with references new and old that will give many ages of people a chuckle.There are quite a few endings aswell. It really brings back the Nostalgia. One of my games of the year (Includes a reference to my other candidate for goty). Get this game for yourself, PLEASE."
76561198274964566,Recommended,523780,33579314,Posted: 16 July,all,blazingnighttimeinferno,"While Emily Is Away Too is a short game, it did a great job of developing the relationships between characters and I found myself replaying the game immediately after finishing it the first time to see what other options would lead to. I will admit that the different endings I got had very similar dialogue and event sequences, but that wasn't a big issue for me but could be for others.Well worth the $6.37 AUD I payed and it was a great experience that I would highly recommend to nearly anyone.10/10"
76561198093950324,Recommended,523780,32636239,Posted: 22 June,all,Sliiq II KuStOm,What it must be like to interact with real people10/10 IGN - Gave me a life
76561198072831941,Recommended,523780,33532611,Posted: 14 July,all,Jeff,Chapter 3 gave me Carpal Tunnel10/10 would permanently damage my hands in order to make 2 ♥♥♥♥♥es like me again
,Recommended,523780,33473710,Posted: 12 July,all,Kaya the Kure,"(This is from my blog - Kayas Arcade as a part of my 52 games in 52 weeks challenge)https://www.facebook.com/Kayasarcade/I was so happy when I found out that there was gonna be a spiritual sequel to Emily is away.I loved the first game so much, it really left me full of emotions (mostly nostalgic ones) and gave me a great experience.Emily is away is basically an old school early 2000's message app, where you decide what to write and answer while texting with Emily. A lot of your decisions will affect your story and ending. Both the graphics and sounds really take you back in time. (And the craziest part is, that the first game is completely free to play).Emily is away too is so much more than the first game. Instead of just writing with Emily, you are now writing with two at the same time. Each is a different personality, and you decide how to tackle the whole process. The game also ""break the wall"" with real links to YouToob, Facenook etc. So while listing to all the early 2000s bands they are linking you, you really get into the old feeling. It gave me so many flashbacks to when I was younger and writing with my friends everyday. It felt so ""right"".The story was cute, and I liked the ending I got.Oh boy. I'm still have the ""nostalgic chills"" over this one.Don't be afraid of the price (5€'s here), it's totally worth it, if you liked the first one.Phew.....(Here is my favorite link from the game..)http://emilyisaway.com/ytmnd/picardlovescakesong/"
,Recommended,523780,33472124,Posted: 11 July,all,Glovrr,Enjoyable
76561198055498625,Recommended,523780,33494779,Posted: 12 July,all,Plonker,"I enjoyed playing both Emily games. Very unique, utilizing an instant messaging tool to depict interactions between high school seniors/love interest(s). Unlike the first game, the second gives two options of girls to interact with, and actually has the possibility of a positive outcome. This is the main difference from the first game, which while I enjoyed it, had a bit of a hitting head on wall repeatedly feel to it. Overall, a fun and inexpensive way to waste a few hours."
,Recommended,523780,33586592,Posted: 16 July,all,💎Steinsanderde💎,"I love and hate this game. It feels so real and leaves you with such a bad feeling. Im excited for more, but it's a hard game series."
,Recommended,523780,33674439,Posted: 20 July,all,Alexander Pinetree,"Fourth wall is away.Emily is Away Too is a game cleverly disguised as an instant messager just like the first game (which is for free and you should get it), but this time, they removed the fourth wall by adding in desktop backgrounds (not in-game, you change them on your computer), hyperlinks (not in-game, you browse the internet while playing the game), file sending (not in-game, they're downloaded on your computer) and a longer, arguably better story (yes, this one's in-game). Once again, you're graduating a high school and talking to your friend Emily, but this time, there's also Evelyn.The game has you talking to them by choosing one of 3 dialogue options, but this time, choices actually matter. Besides a few choices that affect what ending you get, there's also plenty of interesting stuff that's easy to miss. My favourite example is one of the conversations with Evelyn ending with her having to take a shower, at which point one of the possible things to say is ""Shower, like, naked?"" Obviously I thought this was flipping hilarious and said it, which then added a couple more lines to the dialogue with her trying to crack a joke to take the conversation away from your sadly awkward social skills. Obviously, the story is different too in this one, and you can even get a happy ending this time!The achievements in this one are for finding secrets, and full completion requires around 5 hours.The subtleties in the dialogue, hidden chats, many links to explore and lots and lots of cool moments make this, in my opinion, far better than the first one, and, even though you have to pay this time, I'd say it's absolutely worth it."
,Recommended,523780,33731854,Posted: 22 July,all,EXeCUte OrDEr 66,I love and recomend this game. The only problem i have is the timing system. like i was having a good covo with emily and since i missed the timer she got mad and left and i was dong good.
76561198044361734,Recommended,523780,33756717,Posted: 23 July,all,bloodgods ☭,"Wonderfully nostalgic and creativly presented. I was immersed just as much I was impressed with the dialogue and structure. Interesting customization options. I would love to see more characters and more content, with more freedom to make your own story, having a completely different experience each time -- replay value would be a lot greater. However, for $4.99 it's a more than fair buy. This is a great indie sim."
,Recommended,523780,33752466,Posted: 23 July,all,LI miester,Good
,Recommended,523780,33727727,Posted: 22 July,all,Transistor,"This game has probably sent me through the most smirk-faces and cringe shivers over the span of 6 hours ever.Girls who you tell to ditch their boyfriend instantly fall for you11/10 realismOtherwise, great side game for when you dont want to type or press the right keysTyping simulator 2017, mechanical keyboard to annoy friends in TS/Discord greatly recommended"
76561198238494128,Recommended,523780,33777374,Posted: 24 July,all,Emanuel Nicolotti,"This is a really good choice game, the story makes you feel inside it"
76561198084521581,Recommended,523780,33777609,Posted: 24 July,all,F13durante6,"This is an amazing game series. The first game was good, but the 2nd game took everything good about the first game and turned it into a masterpeice. I reccomend this is anyone who enjoyed the first game, and even anyone who didnt should give it a try because unlike the first game it actully lets you make ur own decisions10/10This game is amazing"
76561198178433062,Recommended,523780,33793972,Posted: 25 July,all,BrickHead,OMGThis game is such a piece of art. I recommend it to anybody who loves story rich games and who can speak english bc it's hardly recommended to understand the whole game.
76561198215165644,Recommended,523780,33821637,Posted: 26 July,all,GamingXnukeZ,so emotoinal with the right ending
76561198136964773,Recommended,523780,33821506,Posted: 26 July,all,Alex Anarchist Watson,This is a master example of how great a simple game can be. Well worth the price it takes you through a heart melting story full of tough choices. The pacing of the story is amazing i never felt bored while playing. I can firmly recomend this to anyone who enjoys make you own adventrue games or anyone who has a night where they dont want to get any sleep.All in all a great sequle to the first game that makes everything better and is a must buy.
76561198177002086,Recommended,523780,33835982,Posted: 27 July,all,Freaty Clalk,"It's the type of game that after you finish it you're just left depressed and lost, whichever ending you might have gotten...Because we all miss the time when Instant Message was prevalent, the time when your mom would check emails on the computer, the time when conversations were simple and direct, people were caring and genuine. The time when everything seemed swell. The time when we were wild and free, naive and aspiring.Welp, I'm only 17, but I felt like finding my whole adolescent memories in this game, or what my life should've been like. Yea you guessed it, my life sucks, but thanks to this game, I lived through the life I'd like to have.9/10 the ending could be better but other than that it's awesomesauce!"
,Recommended,523780,31981315,Posted: 26 May,all,Big Money George,One of the most genuine and most beautiful games I have ever played.
76561198373828801,Recommended,523780,33839896,Posted: 27 July,all,McDiabetes,"It's a good game, but worth 5 dollars? Sure, it was fun and exciting and the story kept you wanting to play more! I recommend this game but it's not really like an adventure game, just a warning."
,Recommended,523780,33762834,Posted: 24 July,all,Roodieculous,"Emily is Away Too is a brand new story featuring new characters and multiple different endings. Message your friends, surf the web and choose your path through this branching narrative. This game looks simple and lazily made at first, but pretty soon it hits you by being actually awesome. It's an ""AOL chat simulator"", where you're messaging two friends. They message you with all sorts of files and web links (click those, they're cool), and after a while this just feels like a natural conversation. Best part is the story that unfolds via this messaging. It feels well written and very responsive to your choices. My ending felt very strong and left me somewhat in disarray, but in a good way."
76561198105392253,Recommended,523780,33860403,Posted: 28 July,all,Acid (LSD),who knew not replying to one message on time could ♥♥♥♥ up everything else in the future?
,Recommended,523780,32050721,Posted: 29 May,all,Pineapple,i like it10/10 would make a online relationship with my computer again.
,Recommended,523780,33888216,Posted: 29 July,all,색욕,Such a simplistic game yet it got me right in the feels. Was genuinely depressed for 5 mins after Emily broke up with me... wtf is wrong with me.10/10 would get depressed again =]
76561198084820793,Recommended,523780,33896479,Posted: 29 July,all,SpicyCherries,Emily is Away Too is a game built around texting your two sidehoes while you fight an everslowing timer that ends up picking your sidehoes for you in chapter 3. bad game no puss
,Recommended,523780,33899684,Posted: 30 July,all,☢ Bʟᴀᴄᴋᴊᴀᴄᴋ ❤,Apparently not responding quickly in chapter 3 can ruin everything you have done in the future9.5/10 would like to get depressed again -IGN
,Recommended,523780,33902806,Posted: 30 July,all,TRAVisty James | TSE,I'm sad now :(
,Recommended,523780,33918490,Posted: 30 July,all,universalrhino,even sadder boi :'(
,Recommended,523780,33960958,Posted: 1 August,all,Cleverus,my first ending sucked
,Recommended,523780,33957525,Posted: 1 August,all,The King Of The Worms,Man even though I knew which ending i wanted I was still bumed out when it said emily is away like this game hurts you.
76561198323496334,Recommended,523780,33971649,Posted: 2 August,all,RaxaKaylah ☽୭ₒ*·,"I just finished playing the game, and I got the good ending.If you guys want to know who I picked, I choseEmily.Anyway, I might do all the achievements later on. Plus, I might restart the chapters, and see what ending will I get if I choose the opposite choices that I've done during the first gameplay.Overall, I think the game's actually pretty good. I can totally relate with their situation, 'cause I've been there myself. But, the good thing is that it makes you curious on what will happen, and it will make you think 'bout what will be the cause and effect of your reply to them- if you pick that specific choice. It also comes down to decisions as well, so yeah- I highly recommend playing this game.Don't want to keep spoiling the game, so you better buy it now. It's affordable, and a good price point for the game itself.P.S:The first game was great, but this one's way better than I've expected it to be."
76561198324939351,Recommended,523780,34051029,Posted: 5 August,all,nicopico678,Just finished the first playthrough! Definately worth it and such a nice step up from the first game!
76561198319123355,Recommended,523780,34059487,Posted: 6 August,all,Joormy,"this game is an amazing game. It is the sequel to the also amazing emily is away and it completely ditches the horrible ending at the end of the first. This game is $5 but it easily is worth it because of saterical humour and the music. this game literaly opens a new brower of a fake app called ""youtoob"". i know not many people like these types of games, but even if you are a hater, it's only $5. i screwed up on one choice and i got screwed over. I rate this game a 9.5/10. It all in all has a fantastic story, and it has a lot of replay value. i would give this one a try if i were you."
76561198018037690,Recommended,523780,34022569,Posted: 4 August,all,fox,"I hate the fact this game relates to the last 10 years of my life, from wanting to travel to Iceland to the Passive Aggressive Bipolar Girl I will never forget. And it hits hard."
,Recommended,523780,34041078,Posted: 5 August,all,Zero,SPOILER ALERT!So basically I just bought this game because this AOL messenger-like play-style looked very interesting.As from chapter 2 I recognized this whole game will go to something different. The game and the story got me. It's just as if you're living in your teen ages again and going through this weird love and breaking-up stuff for reasons nobody really understands. At the last chapter I already knew how this will end...the story just feels so real because it's just what every teenager experiences sometime. I can really recommend this game!
,Recommended,523780,33287779,Posted: 5 July,all,󠀡Aristo,Very Fun Game!1
76561198149586791,Recommended,523780,34002992,Posted: 3 August,all,Cerulus,"Extremely well-written. Everything felt so genuine. Excellent attention to detail, especially with the 2006-2007 era social media bits."
76561198152964177,Recommended,523780,33487153,Posted: 12 July,all,OstrichDaGamer,"The game is absolutely amazing. It can get frustrating at times (giving me ♥♥♥♥en 3 seconds to reply and Emily or Evelyn starts questioning you and sh*t or that time Evelyn or Emily breaks up with you because of trust issues) but it's very enjoyable, and even pretty relatable. You really feel as if you are the protagonist. I highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,523780,34021841,Posted: 4 August,all,Thi500,This is 75% of all relationships I have/had.
,Recommended,523780,34102239,Posted: 8 August,all,Medík ♡ You All,Very nice game <3
,Recommended,523780,34136662,Posted: 9 August,all,epsilon9,"In a weird way (by weird I mean ♥♥♥♥ing you over otherwise), Emily is Away Too teaches you that you shouldn't lie (or do a decent job by keeping a straight story). 5/7 Would lose a girlfriend due to detail discrepency again."
,Recommended,523780,34132390,Posted: 9 August,all,s/o putin,"pretty good game, but very stupid moment with alcohol"
,Recommended,523780,34148720,Posted: 10 August,all,FreakVenDor,Absolutely loved this game. Nostalgic as hell for people who used AOL back in the day. So many corny lyrics and old memes + AIM drama. Felt like I was in high school again. Kind of weird going into a lesbian relationshop with Emily because I'm straight but I realize I am a dude in the game. I'd really enjoy more games like this.
,Recommended,523780,34160489,Posted: 10 August,all,Vensario,"Emily is Away Too is the second to the original Emily is Away game, which I had played months prior to the purchase of this game. The game follows your interaction between yourself, Emily, and Evelyn through an oldschool texting format. You learn about them, the problems they face, and how you can provide comfort for them.It seems basic enough, how did this game capture my attention, and my emotions, then?In the game, you interact with both Emily and Evelyn in a first-person perspective, from the player, and depending on how you respond to them, it effects their dialogue, which in turn more effectively become attached to the characters, and their personalities. The story, the problems, the way they texted reflects how people commonly interact with each other through text, which also goes to show how much effort was put into this game to capture realism.As for the story itself, without spoiling it, I must say it was very entertaining, and I felt drawn to the characters as I went through the chapters. The game successfully drew out my emotions, and my compassion for both Emily and Evelyn.Really, seeing as how this game made me emotional, which so few games do now a days, it really goes to show how much of a gem this is. Outstanding work, devs!(Spoilers)As I went through my first playthrough, I had not taken much into consideration of Evelyn and Emily ""remembering"" my options, and thus, after getting caught in a few lies in the second chapter, it ultimately effected my outcome on the final chapter when everything was going smoothly with Emily, when that lie caught up to my character, resulting in a break-up. But what really put the nail in the coffin was the fact that she used the same advice that I had given to her to handle the Jeff situation.This, in turn, upset me. I began to look through the chat logs on all chapters to see where I went wrong, and after seeing the mistake that was made, I began the game over again, slugging through the dialogue (occasionally selecting new dialogue for new perspective), I achieved my desired outcome, and I was put at ease."
76561198047626328,Recommended,523780,34178440,Posted: 11 August,all,A Spooky Hobo,Oh god the feelings. THE FEELINGS IT HURTS SO BAD! WHY DID I DO THIS TO MYSELF!great game btwBUT THE FEELINGS IT HURTS SOOOO BAD
,Recommended,523780,34229657,Posted: 13 August,all,Knightshade,"Emily Is Away, is one of THE greatest games that I have EVER played. Even if it is a text based game, it is still great. Emily and Evelyn are both, really great characters, and you really feel like you actually know these people.I will definitely recommend playing the first game, before playing this one. Just to get you an idea about, what this game actually is about. But if you love games with a great story and great characters, and you're thinking about getting this game. Then go for it, I can definitely, 110%, recommend this game."
,Recommended,523780,34144545,Posted: 10 August,all,L3V0,"Its Such a good game, every descision you make has consequenses and u had an actula chane to get emily as a Gf this time."
,Recommended,523780,34146923,Posted: 10 August,all,mohsenation,Its a game that i enjoyed a lot
,Recommended,523780,34188685,Posted: 12 August,all,Brad Armstrong 💪,good to know one misunderstanding makes me a manipulative monster. Now I'm angry.Still gonna play this again though.
76561198068542291,Recommended,523780,34363037,Posted: 19 August,all,CreedOfNinja,"This game is one of those games that teach you a very valuable lesson, the smallest lie can ruin great things. Trust me guys I know from experience, and this game resembles it amazingly."
76561198412119815,Recommended,523780,34407878,Posted: 21 August,all,aloofnovelist,"Emily is away too was an enjoyable experience, though honestly I have to question the *Multiple choices* aspect of it. While your choices very much do make an impact on some things, the character's endings lack individuality. I'm not going to spoil anything, however I will say that don't expect much of a difference in the end between the two; It's mostly like rereading the same conversation you had with either female.I was hoping there be a little bit of differences, seeing as the Emily and Evelyn are meant to be different girls entirely; Them having dealt with different experiences and in general just seeming like total opposites. So I won't lie and say that part of the game wasn't a little dissapointing to me.Still I'll give this game a solid 7 out of 10- Like I said the experience was enjoyable. Also the little easter eggs with some of the icons did make me laugh. (Rick and Morty's especially made me Lol.)So while Emily is Away Too did have a few things for me to nitpick, I'll still recommend it. If you enjoy a slower game that mostly deals with relationship issues, drunk texts and the stress of trying to frantically switch between IMs. You'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,523780,34403134,Posted: 21 August,all,PeanutMastah cs.money,mmmmmmmm
,Recommended,523780,34411269,Posted: 22 August,all,momango,"beautiful, interacitve, heartfelt and nostalgic. Would reccomed to people craving a little myspace/AIM circa '06 nostalgia indulgence."
,Recommended,523780,34431494,Posted: 22 August,all,[TSG] c0r3™,i played this game with the responses i'd actually write and i ended up crying at the end by the pure shock of how i related to some nerd talking to two girls at oncethis is a masterpiece
76561197991906240,Recommended,523780,34415326,Posted: 22 August,all,Jewish Jesus,"Takes me back to my high school years. Only you know; the people I was chatting with on AIM lived on the other side of the country, and I have no idea what happened to all of them after AIM died away, and social media took over.10/10 would relive my misspent youth again."
,Recommended,523780,34224598,Posted: 13 August,all,Fez,"Rejected by Emily in Emily is Away, and was rejected by Emily again because of Reasons most arbitary.But hey, Evelyn liked me for who I was!REVIEW TIME:Things I liked:Less was definitely more. A handful of pixelly websites, icons, profiles, a plethora of links, and one chatscreen was all it took to thoughtfully immerse me briefly (back) into a high school story. This immersion into a world is something that other games with higher budgets, graphics, and teams have tried to do but failed. Kudos.The successfully drawn upon nostalgia down to the nitty details - back when social networking was budding and focused the user's activities, when streaming was about moozak at its simplest, and back when basic instant messenging was still a huge thing.The swell use of emotions in all the chapters that remains after three play throughs and the uncertainty of what if what I just 'typed' was the correct thing to say. The girls' personalities and such were done enough to allow me to care about them for the duration of the current game.The reminiscent feeling of a story ended as the EOL Sign Out door closes for the last time.Things I didn't like (well... kinda):Gimmicks that force a choice. While I'm aware of why they must exist so that the story can proceed correctly in a timely fashion... Guuuuh. Also - Emily/Evelyn can type hella faster than I can apparently.Some of the arbitrary reasons to reject the player that causes a meltdown, but meltdowns do happen for arbitrary reasons I guess so it's acceptable enough.The game telling me that Emily/Evelyn remembered something I type. I would have liked that removed because it ruined immersion.IS THE GAME WORTH $5?I can shamelessly hold my head high and say, 'Yes This game gave me $5 worth of content and entertainment time' and even hedge my statement with, ""It honestly felt like a $10 game with the amount of thoughtfulness that went into said content and writing.""Because as simplistic as this game plays out, as simple as the mechanics are, there is a lot of content/layout/feel that harkens back to the time period where a person sat nervously in front of their keyboard and waited in stark anticipation/anxiety as the seconds ticked by after the third ""So and so is deleting..."" message.Recommendation to the Developer:If there is actually one thing I can recommend to make this game better... Slow down Emily/Evelyn's 'typing/send' speed just a little on some of the longer texts, just so it feels like they're 'thinking' before they reply. I know I re-read my texts a lot before sending them when I was chatting on something heavy.Other than thaaaaat...I've got another $5. When is the college edition of Emily is Away Again coming out?"
76561198366191497,Recommended,523780,34192710,Posted: 12 August,all,devynduffy,"This! Is! Awesomesauce!There's a lot to like about this game:It's mostly a text-based messaging sim, so it's simple and easy and mostly fun to play.The endings vary from happy to bittersweet to catastrophic.A full game takes me two hours or so; after you've played once, you can start over or replay from any completed chapter.Emily and Evelyn have distinct personalities and (for the most part) unique issues. They surprised me more than once.While I have much more in common with Emily, when I get together with Evelyn she seems to fall harder for me.You can try to date either Emily or Evelyn, or you can try to stay friends with them, and either way can work.I actually learned from playing this game. The first time I played, I was too agreeable in making conversation and inadvertently made one inconsistency between what I told Emily and what I told Evelyn, which caused Emily to flip out and cut off our friendship. I played again and learned to be more willing to let my friends know when I don't see things the way they do.The characters will send links to parody versions of Facebook and YouTube, including actual YouTube videos of great songs from 2006-7. The videos autoplay, so you can use them as a soundtrack to your messaging with Emily and Evelyn. And don't forget to check the links of the other people on your buddy list.The game has so many nice little touches. For example, in each chapter you customize your messaging profile with song lyrics and movie quotes. The girls will then react to what you've put on your profile.In Chapter 4, if either girl becomes your girlfriend, she'll change her away message to the song lyrics from your profile.The nostalgia! However old you are, if you're out of high school, this game will remind you of earlier days, even if your real-life high school days were nowhere near as interesting as your senior year in this game.Emily will send you a link to a Snow Patrol video. If you let it autoplay, the next video is Snow Patrol's ""Spitting Games,"" which I used to hear all the time while playing MVP Baseball 2004. So it's like a video game giving me nostalgia for video games.Did I mention the happy endings? And they're actually easy to get to as long asyou're consistent with what you tell Emily and Evelyn and don't contradict yourself. You don't even have to agree with the girls or share their interests, as long as you're consistent.If you've already played the original Emily is Away (I played Emily Too first), the biggest differences are a new Emily, the addition of Evelyn, the compression of time to senior year of high school instead of senior year plus college, and the possibility of multiple endings including happy ones. Plus the great music. Even Evelyn's punk songs weren't too bad.I played this game four times as soon as I got it. After that, some aspects start to get repetitive, so I doubt that I'll replay it as often, but I'm sure I'll go back to it every now and then for a quick pick-me-up. And in the future this game will even give me nostalgia for the past times I played it.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,523780,34227344,Posted: 13 August,all,Gaben™,"This game made me wanna ♥♥♥♥ing kill myself, buy it if you want some depression"
,Recommended,523780,33494402,Posted: 12 July,all,Hooligan Spooks,"High school drama simulator 2006Came for the nastalgia, got Rick RolledDid not dissapoint 10/10"
,Recommended,523780,34520829,Posted: 26 August,all,alibyte,made me cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,523780,34433289,Posted: 23 August,all,FoxPavvZ,"Hurt.. Really Hurt.. I'm crying right now :(Really good game, good story 11/10..still crying ;("
,Recommended,523780,34455005,Posted: 24 August,all,YoungGroovy (cs.money),"lied to a b1cch bout wanting kids, she told my friends and now im lonley, got so mad i spilt grape juice on my tunic. fakk you Evelyn"
,Recommended,523780,34567643,Posted: 28 August,all,Aimbot.exe,"For 5$, it's totally worth it.10/10"
,Recommended,523780,34579355,Posted: 29 August,all,Drop Rate Gregg,"Ok so I had not idea what to expect here.First 30 minutes of gameplay here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1jH3o-u5gc&list=PLuCD8fy0tNkyM0Ygpl10M_qMFppAdx05o&index=5This game took me back to those light nights chatting with friends online. This game even goes as far as to linking to ""youtube"" where you can watch music videos of bands. This was SO well done and just brought the amazing memories of that time back. Loved this game, its quirky and not for everyone, but I loved it."
,Recommended,523780,34516036,Posted: 26 August,all,Kira,"It's like Telltale's The Walking Dead , but instead of escaping zombies you're escaping the friendzone ."
,Recommended,523780,34732670,Posted: 4 September,all,Windows Vista®,"This game pulls on so many strings, it pulls your feelings, nostalgia and so much more. The original game destroyed me, and this game builds on top of what was already a great game. I would highly recommend this game too anyone. Seriously. It's that god damn good."
,Recommended,523780,34730666,Posted: 4 September,all,Diomades,"I really enjoyed Emily Is Away Too. I played once and made some mistakes that led to a less than ideal ending, but was inspired to replay immediately to try and remedy my sub par ending. Unlike Emily Is Away, good endings to actually exist here. And your choices really feel like they matter - even little mundane ones. I absolutely recommend it."
,Recommended,523780,34755118,Posted: 5 September,all,CrazyMan2k17,This was awesome! it hit me right in the feels!
,Recommended,523780,34924787,Posted: 13 September,all,jromwu,So depressed and sad after playing this game just same as Emily is Away
76561198075486569,Recommended,523780,35042590,Posted: 18 September,all,Mickythenerd,"This just in:Emily is a blabber mouth, stay away"
76561198047293948,Recommended,523780,34992499,Posted: 16 September,all,Dawn's Tear,"intresting game; major highlights1.) high school drama.2.) make hard choices.3.) smooth comebacks.4.) confuuuuusing messages.5.) self conflict.6.) left youtoob on to keep listening to NIN, I love me some punk wish they had EPICA in there.not so great highlights;1.) short; wish it was longer.2.) when you smash the key board, and your character deletes it behind you scared me twice.3.) wish it was a horror game would have been creepy.4.) would have been cool to have more people to talk to and debate over previous convo's with eve and emily. you know rumors back stabbing highschool politics.5.) made me hungry: like need a burrito.Generally all jokes aside the game is good was engaging sadly it was short i felt more could have been done. but I am not upset at spending 5 bucks for this game. thanks mariplier for playing this cause it was fun."
,Recommended,523780,32588087,Posted: 20 June,all,KiySeph,"I hate this game.Let me rephrase this: I love hate this game. I love it because for 2 hours, you are instantly transported back to your awkward teen days. Choosing which buddy icon makes you look more cool and edgy to sending that link to that new track by Muse that made you think of that special someone. Wanna relive it? (ohgodwhywouldyou) This is most definitely your game.and that creeping realization while playing, that you know this bond may end.That.That is why I hate this game.(But also you know, still recommend too. hence the thumbs up.)"
,Recommended,523780,34981219,Posted: 15 September,all,scare the devil in disguise,I'll say this bluntly if you didn't really enjoy the first on and want to know if this any different you won't like it. but if you like the first one then you will LOVE this one. it builds on the first on without feeling like it's just a coppy.
76561198068492344,Recommended,523780,35021685,Posted: 17 September,all,Hokahey,Want to hate yourself just that little bit more?Use your real name and then find out that you can't even get a girlfriend in a game...10/10 would cry in a corner by myself again
,Recommended,523780,32059703,Posted: 30 May,all,[LEO] RStreak,"Wow, It really hits you inside, like how or what would've happen if you said this or that and it gives you the experience of what's like to be in a relationship while the other one is struggling, one moment you're happy talking to her and after that the other one was struggling, ugh damn, it gives you memories of your past mistakes and makes you reminisce and also the mood blends with the music, like Arcade Fire at end, wow really hits me. 10/10BTW i like alternative music in real life."
,Recommended,523780,35123548,Posted: 22 September,all,Toado,I feel like a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198138840532,Recommended,523780,35143552,Posted: 22 September,all,Typerson,gud
,Recommended,523780,35218531,Posted: 26 September,all,TheYellowPolarBear,I love this game! It gives you so much more freedom compared to the original game and there are multiple different endings. It's absolutely amazing and would recommend to anyone.
76561198246569384,Recommended,523780,35323951,Posted: 29 September,all,TheRealAmaril,I LOVE YOU EMILY!  Together forever <310/10.  Play this game.
,Recommended,523780,35323393,Posted: 29 September,all,Stanley,10/10 would date Emily again!
,Recommended,523780,35351609,Posted: 30 September,all,kibutsky™,this game is great because you have a chance to NOT get friendzoned
,Recommended,523780,35358893,Posted: 30 September,all,( ب_ب ),"I still have to reach the good ending, but the game is a nice you could say relationship simulator."
,Recommended,523780,35162258,Posted: 23 September,all,Waifuneer,"Emily is away too fixes any issues I had with the original, while providing a much longer story, and a better ending. Very much worth $5"
,Recommended,523780,35166759,Posted: 23 September,all,OutlawRangers,WAITING FOR THE THIRD SERIES!!!!!
,Recommended,523780,35391812,Posted: 1 October,all,Guusagi,"Really great game, super addicting to try and get the right endings!Super fun mechanic to be in an sort of aol-type chat, really feels like you've gone back by 10 years wootThe new features with webpages and text files is rly nice too, got to discover some old tunes I never heard of.I recommend it to anyone :)"
76561198062529252,Recommended,523780,35388671,Posted: 1 October,all,Whisper,:(
76561198136481352,Recommended,523780,35389323,Posted: 1 October,all,T.V.  I bet you try hard fagget,This game is beautiful.You pay 5 bucks for an experience in gaming you wont forget. Its totally worth it.
,Recommended,523780,35460876,Posted: 3 October,all,Caesium,This game made me realie I've never tried so hard to win the affection of a young teenage girl in my entire adult life.
