user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,523810,26009358,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,camta005,"As a fan of the original arcade game, I am enjoying this new remake. The graphics are colorful and fun, which is in the spirit of the original. It is also great to be able to play new areas and fight new bosses. Nice work!EDIT: In the latest update, the difficulty level of the game has been improved and the game is actually playable now, with improvements to monsters such as the jumping frogs, more lives in Easy and Normal modes, and many other tweaks and fixes."
,Recommended,523810,28914813,Posted: 1 January,all,Akka,"An overlooked tribute to a classic gameIf you ever played the original, titled Adventure Island or Wonder Boy, then you owe it to yourself to pick this up.It's been recently patched, addressing the complaints of anyone too casual to handle a true hardcore oldschool challenge--Now you can even play as the cute girl!Speaking of which, the whole game is dripping with an adorable asthetic.Staying true to its roots, the gameplay isn't much more complicated than jumping, shooting, and running to the right. The player only has 1 HP. You might find yourself in the arc of a jump only for an enemy to pop out at the worst possible second as you helplessly face plant into them. Each level has 4 checkpoints and you're given a generous number of lives (that restock back up at the beginning of each level). Since you can't ever get hit, boss patterns aren't too complicated to learn either.If you have three hours then check out this homage to one of the oldest, yet sadly forgotten, icons in gaming."
76561197970262142,Recommended,523810,28120725,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,neildittmar,"Most of my experience with the original Wonder Boy actually stems from its NES adaptation entitled Adventure Island.  With the exception of the main character being changed to Master Higgins, the games were very similar from an enemies, maps, and overall gameplay standpoint.That said, I'm fairly pleased to see what developer CFK Co., Ltd. has been able to do with those games some 30 years later.  Though it's clear that this is an HD re-imagining of the first game in the series, I can certainly appreciate the direction and care taken in regards to the visuals.  While they've certainly been brought up to current standards, CFK has managed to retain the charm found in the art of the original release.  Additionally, being able to play as the classic Wonder Boy sprite is an added plus for me.  I'm not sure about licensing concerns, but the addition of the Master Higgins sprite in a future patch for us Adventure Island fans would be a nice bonus as well.The gameplay in Wonder Boy Returns hearkens back to the original games... sometimes slippery and at other times blatantly unfair.  Some of the boss battles immediately spring to mind and present a similar level of challenge as I remember from the original.  Bear in mind that Wonder Boy represented your typical quarter-gobbler when it was released to arcades all those years ago.  The goal was to be incredibly challenging, but engrossing enough so you would drop just ""one more quarter"" in hopes of finally achieving what might've originally been envisioned as impossible.  Much like the visuals, Wonder Boy Returns retains this aspect of the game successfully.While I also thoroughly enjoyed the musical tracks on offer in each level, the individual character/enemy sounds definitely border on the weak side.  Sadly, they're mostly a collection of squeaks and shrieks that almost seem out of place in a game that was obviously given a lot of attention to detail in other areas.  My mind doesn't quite recall what the original Wonder Boy sound effects were like, but I do remember Adventure Island quite fondly.  For the day, those sounds effects were far better pronounced and much better implemented than what's on offer here.My only other complaint with this release is in regards to Xbox One controller support when using the Microsoft Wireless Adapter.  I've found that for reasons unknown, Wonder Boy will constantly pull to the left under this specific configuration.  Moreso, the entire game behaves as if the left analog stick is constantly being pulled to the left.  In addition to making an already challenging game that much more difficult, this has the added effect of making things like options and level selection essentially impossible.  Though wiring the Xbox One controller directly to the PC via USB works fine, I play games predominantly on my living room couch where the distance between myself and the TV makes a wireless controller essential.  It's more than a bit disappointing that I can't play Wonder Boy with the same setup I utilize for literally every other game touting ""Full Controller Support"" on Steam.Overall though, Wonder Boy Returns manages to recapture almost everything about the original game (or Adventure Island for that matter) and contemporize it into a current release.  If you have fond memories of these games from decades gone by, Wonder Boy Returns will undoubtedly rekindle them.  Even if you don't remember (or perhaps weren't even alive) when the original games released, Wonder Boy Returns can still provide hours of enjoyment if you're simply looking for a fun but at times very challenging platformer."
,Recommended,523810,32112666,Posted: 1 June,all,Murderlol,"This is a remaster of the original Wonder Boy. The game plays exactly the same and has you running to the right, riding skateboards, throwing axes and avoiding enemies, while picking up food to extend your hunger meter. There's also dolls to pick up throughout each level (3 per level) and it looks like there's some unlockables as well. I recommend this one if you're a fan of the original, but if you've never played wonder boy you might be left disappointed as the gameplay here is pretty shallow. It's over 30 years old though so what do you expect?"
76561198320333325,Recommended,523810,28911370,Posted: 1 January,all,JBFuller,What an absolutely brilliant and perfect HD remake of a classic.  The graphics are super cute and crisp (just like the original back in the day). The original soundtrack has been given a remake (which is great and still catchy as ever) - and there are new levels and soundtracks all with the same old feel and look of the original game.  There are new options and the game play is challenging as ever.  This is a perfect remake - I don't know how it could be better. - it would be great if there was a mobile version available for IOS too.  Thanks for making this - it's brilliant.
76561198035497550,Not Recommended,523810,29145539,Posted: 9 January,all,Sebastian,"Wonder Boy was a hard game on Sega Master System. But with this remake, it gets insane. Even at the easy mode, i died several times in the 1st World. Boss-fights are crazy, because you only can get hit 1 time and than you´re dead. The Leveldesign is okay, but there would be more possible.One annoying part is the music. It´s too loud. Even on Level 1 of the musicoptions, it´s too loud. Another one is, that you cant time a jump. It´s just impossible. Wonder boy slippers around like on a soapstick, jumps too short or too long with no reason.8 € is too much for this, 5 € would do it fine. I wait for Dragon´s Trap or Monster Boy."
76561198019687758,Recommended,523810,28850653,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Malc1976,I loved the arcade game Wonder Boy and this High Definition Remake is just great.
,Recommended,523810,34632294,Posted: 31 August,all,Nic5 Cyprus,"The Wonder Boy series is back more powerful than ever and wants you to know it!!This game is a remake of the original Wonder Boy with hd cartoony graphics, completely new levels and brand new bosses. If you are a veteran of the serieshow many of us are left I... wonderthen this game is a must as it's a completely new experience while being nostalgic at the same time. If you are not, then this is a very good game to start as Wonder Boy is slowly coming back with both the first and the third game recently being remade as well as an official sequel planned to be released later this year.However, there are some problems I found about the game that hinder this game. First of all, as I was playing through the game the screen would occasionally spazze out for a few moments without a reason. In addition,that's more of a nitpicking but anywaythe game does give you the ability to play as the retro 16 bit Wonder Boy but doesn't do so for the background or the music which is really a shame.Overall:good effort, would play again 8/10"
76561198151694937,Not Recommended,523810,34594721,Posted: 29 August,all,opethionx,High Jump feels like jumping and falling in freeze frames.  How can such a basic function of a platformer be neglected almost a year after release?!
,Not Recommended,523810,34591143,Posted: 29 August,all,Phrostbyte21,"The controls make this game so difficult to play. I loved the original, and have clocked many many hours in it. And while I love the visuals of this game, I can't recommend it, because of the controls. They just feel lazy. When you attack, that is also your run button, so if you're in the air and you attack, you'll either go up faster, or fall faster, making it so much harder to plan for attacking enemies. If this weren't the case, and it didn't effect your jump speeds, then maybe I would be more okay with it. But not with the way it is."
,Recommended,523810,27347419,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gafanhotz,"Bunch of kids being noisy that the game is hard while never having played the original on the Master System. Despite the game having changed stage layout and bosses, it's pretty much the spirit of Wonderboy into a new game. 10/10"
,Recommended,523810,32060985,Posted: 30 May,all,alanthekaz,"Compared to the attention the remake of 'Wonder Boy III: The Dragon's Trap' received, this 2016 remake of the original Wonder Boy seemed to have completely slipped under the radar. However, this is a solid remake of a classic game which, like 'The Dragon's Trap', clearly had a lot of love put into it.Many of the reviews here criticise the game for being too difficult, even after a patch was released which made the game easier. When I first tried the game on Normal mode, I found it too difficult, but after completing it on Easy and then going back to Normal, I no longer found the difficulty to be a problem. If anything, I actually found it too easy.The only problem I have with this game is that the character slides around a lot. I don't remember if the original version was like this and if the remake is just being faithful to the original by including this issue, but whatever the case, it's extremely annoying. But, aside from that, this is a great remake of a classic game, good enough that I completed it twice (something I rarely do)."
,Recommended,523810,26182030,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Shadowlord90 (Nikolai),"Wonderboy was a childhood classic of mine. I always enjoyed and loved the original, and especially the Monster Land series of games that spawned after this one. The original Wonderboy can best be summed up as; It's Adventure Island, since Nintendo and Sega had a history of copying each other back in the day, so when I saw this on Steam, I instantly smiled and downloaded it, since I had such fond memories of the game; so let's begin this review.Story - 3/5Let's face it, nobody comes into old games looking for story. Tom-Tom, the main character is chilling with some babes, his girlfriend Tanya (or Tina) shows up and scolds him, but than the Dark King Drancon steals her away and now you have to go and save her. It's typical retro story, you're the good guy, Drancon is evil; beat him and save your girl. Simply, sweet, easy to understand.Gameplay - 3/5The most important aspect of any side scroller, is getting the gameplay down. And they certainly got the difficulty of the original. Like back than, getting hit once instant kills you, unless you are on your skateboard, or invincible via fairy. Any collison with Fire, or enemies spells death. Except in the case of a rock, which simply drains stamina for touching it. His stamina steadly drains giving you a time limit, but you can refill it by eating food along the way. Tom-Tom can run, jump and throw tomahawks if he gets the powerup. The aforementioned skateboard makes you move faster and jump higher, at the cost of not being able to stop moving. And as in the original, you can't go back the way you came. Throughout each level there are dolls of Tanya to collect; but unlike the original; there are 3 per stage instead of only 1. This adds slight replay value to attempt to get them all. There's also 3 difficulty levels. However, the game's physics feel sloppy. Hopefully this changes, but the game feels a lot more slippery and slidy than the original, making some jumps harder than needed; and also the gameplay seems to move too fast. The original gave you plenty of time to react to oncoming hazards; but in this one, I feel you need split second reflexs to dodge the bee that suddenly appears out of nowhere. So gameplay is faithful, but sorta sloppy.Graphics - 4/5This is a case of updated graphics, they are loyal to the original game, which is good, and the game looks great. Nothing special, but nothing terrible either.Sound - 3/5Remixed music is nice and all, but the regular in game sound effects aren't real great. The crackling of the fire on screen is unneeded though nice attention to detail; but the distinct ""bop"" noise that plays when you hit an enemy is just wierd. Bonus points for brand new songs though, since the original literally just had the same song except for Boss stages.Since I reviewed this game last; it has updated quite a bit and a lot of the complaints I had in my previous review have been ironed out. You can now play as Tina in a unique mode, and most of the issues with the controls and the adjustable features of the game have been fixed. Since the developers are good enough to update this game, I'd recommend it now; as the condition it's in right now is quite deserving of this classic game."
76561198026069722,Not Recommended,523810,26032048,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,TopShmups,I have waited a long time for a remake of Wonder Boy so when this popped up in the steam store it was an instant buy.But when I started the game I was shocked to see that it's more or less a complete new game that kind of looks like the original but the levels were different and the difficulty of the game is unreal a lot worse than the original.At the end of level 1-4 you have to fight a boss where did that come from nothing like the original  and if you get hit once its bye bye start again it should a least give you a three hit chance before you die.The frogs in the level just seem to appear from mid air and you are lucky if they don't hit you and guess what you are dead again. The animation in the game is also just wrong and feels weired I can't explain but the way Wonder Boy jumps isn't right even when on the skateboard the jumps don't look right. Dieing time after time also gets boring very quick.No full screen in an HD remake is another no no.If you were hoping for a blast from the past with nice new graphics you will be let down when you play and for the price you should get a whole lot more than this.Save your money Shantea Half Genie Hero will be out soon.
76561198020816150,Recommended,523810,30876010,Posted: 1 April,all,gianlucag77,"Those who loved this game in the past, cannot miss this one.Playability is unchanged, new graphips and soundtracks do credit to the original one,that for me is a masterpiece."
76561198040819565,Recommended,523810,26016798,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,ZX_,I used to have this for the ZX Spectrum and played it at the arcades too. Very happy to have it on Steam. A classic version would be welcome too.
76561197997003436,Recommended,523810,26029417,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,baksalchan,"+fun and challenging platformer game+many new levels-way too slippy-overpriced-""This stage is rocked""6.5/10"
76561198051768108,Recommended,523810,30892570,Posted: 1 April,all,inverbatim,"Wonder Boy Returns is very nostalgic, + has different level design to the original which is a plus, updated music and graphics - which are truly great. The music in the cave is my favorite theme.As a fan of the original Wonder Boy on Sega Mastersystem in 1989 I highly recommend this updated game.Its interesting to play the new levels. I found the game fairly easy on 'normal mode'- controls are intuitive and responsive.However, bosses can difficult at first. Thankfully, the save feature allows the repeating of boss levels to learn the strategy to defeat them - it takes PERFECT timing.Returning to levels to collecting all dolls will provide a steady challenge for those who breeze through the game."
,Recommended,523810,26007310,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Dr. J,"Updated reviewI wish I had known about this months-old update sooner! I finally got around to playing the new 1.0 version and I have to say, I'm pretty surprised. I saw the footage of 1.0 via online videos, but I didn't think it would run pretty decently on my crummy old laptop (it still has a few hiccups, but that's because my old laptop). Even with the additional graphical and aesthetic effects, I'm impressed by the mostly consistent speed I'm getting on such an old machine, which wasn't top of the line to begin with. Several of the points I addressed were fixed, and even more additional features were added as well, such as the Tina character with her boomerangs and even classic style ""Boy"" for the nostalgic folks. Both characters and enemies alike were given more animation frames along with actual in-game movement frames creating for a much more smoother game which is more fitting of the artstyle, as opposed to the original release which had jarring low-frame animations and movements. I still think the frog could go a little slower, but he's far less irritating than he used to be, so I'm fine with him even if he never gets touched up. Overall, I'm honestly happy of the improvements that have been made. There was a glimmer of a solid game in the original release, but it was tainted by the numerous rough factors. Now, I am glad to see this shine with the care and polish it deserved and see it do proper justice to the original game and series. I think because of the arcade-based nature of it, that it still may be a little bit tough to some and as a result, may not be for everybody, but for those seeking a bit of a challenge to master or a revisit to the old days with new stages, new bosses, and some cute new artwork and cheerful new music and remixes, I encourage you to check this out.I'd like to leave this former review here. This is not out of spite for CFK. This is for the references that I make in my updated review. This is for the previous version before the updates.Review of Oct 12, 2016 @ 9:27pmIt could use some fixing. The slipping is pretty bad at parts, and feels like ice physics on dry land, which makes landing on moving platforms tough. The jump arc seems very off, like the character hits his head on an invisible ceiling and sharply drops downward at an acute angle after reaching peak height, instead of the more natural curve from the originals. The game is designed around this, yes, but it feels very strange. Perhaps give an extra option for the high jump, such as doing so only while running. Giving options for reducing graphical and particle effects, such as the light beams in the cave stages, would help with performance issues on weaker computers. The frog enemy could use more inbetween frames in movement as the current animation goes unnaturally fast considering his animation, causing him to be more of a threat than he should be (the bee enemy is a good example of going fairly normal. Perhaps consider studying that as reference?). Overall, not terrible, but as is, needs fixing to be actually ""good"" and bug-removal as well, and possibly a tweak of the momentum and jumping physics to be not as awkward. I cannot recommend this game right now as is, but I hope that the dev team can improve the game to where I can. (Due to updates, I hope any other issues can be fixed, such as how Stage 1-2 didn't load, but now does. I'd like to eventually give a ""Yes"", and I hope that I will justified in doing so.)"
,Recommended,523810,31267184,Posted: 20 April,all,Reapman,"Wonderful remake of a classic!  Played the first few levels already, brought me back to my childhood.  The graphical upgrades are a nice touch, as are the improved bosses.  Just as unforgiving as the original too."
,Recommended,523810,32737988,Posted: 24 June,all,Esquilo,"Very good remake! It does feel like the original game, especially if you play with the classic boy."
