user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,524220,30795519,Posted: 28 March,all,Mishrito,"I don't do reviews; probably going to be my only steam review ever. I estimate exactly 4 people will ever read this. But just putting it out there; this is one of the most beautiful experiences in life I've had so far. Literally nothing I've read, watched or played has actually made me cry, truly; but after finshing ending E, I cried, simply for how beautiful this work of art was."
,Recommended,524220,30651430,Posted: 21 March,all,spagillicudi,"You can dodge the bullets, but you can't dodge the tears."
76561198088969125,Recommended,524220,30660879,Posted: 21 March,all,Kiro,"Hideo Kojima: ""I bet you can't create a story that is more complex than my MGS story.""Taro Yoko: ""Hold my beer.""Great gameplay, Great game design, Fantastic story, Beautiful soundtrack.Oh, and don't forget the butts, those are important too."
,Recommended,524220,30571804,Posted: 17 March,all,Gazda,"Resolution is not locked at 1080p! FPS capped at 60.Just a quick heads-up for people on the fence because of a possible resolution lock: There seems to be none!  (to a maximum of 4k at least)I'm able to play the game at 2560x1440 without problems.There is a 60fps cap!Fixing the Fullscreen Resolution BugSome users report problems with the full screen mode. If you have problems running the game fullscreen with your intended resolution, try the small application called Borderless Gaming. You can find it on github. Run the game in Windowed Mode and select Nier: Automata in the tool. Voila, you are playing the game in Borderless Windowed mode now! Until SE provides a fix for Fullscreen, use this tool. It's easy and quick.PerformanceDespite the Fullscreen Bug, the port seems to be running smoothly and at a steady 60fps! I'm playing with a GTX 980ti, so it should be expected to run fine. (I had no problems with the resolution and fullscreen, it seems to vary between systems.)Screenshot of the resolution settings:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=885288152Controls & Keyboard SettingsIt is possible to configure and remap Keyboard settings. I didn't try to play it with keyboard, but it seems pretty straight forward and it is customizable. Still, a controller is recommended, since the game was designed around it.Screenshot of the Keyboard settings:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=885313706Gameplay & MusicThe music in this game will leave you speechless. Like in the first Nier, the music in this game is a real treat. Almost every track has multiple versions. The game even changes the music ""layers"" during boss fights and events to sync it with the fight! It enhances the experience tenfold. A similar technique was used in Metal Gear Rising aswell, which is another game by Platinum.I will update my review regarding the gameplay later. There are more than enough reviews up from the PS4 version, which was released almost 2 weeks ago. Look it up! But i can assure you, its top notch!"
,Recommended,524220,30681177,Posted: 23 March,all,Ostiax,Came for the booty.Stayed for literally everything else.This game is a masterpiece.
,Recommended,524220,30629736,Posted: 19 March,all,Omega_Tm,This game is like if hideo kojima smoked weed and tried to make a final fantasy game
,Recommended,524220,30982379,Posted: 6 April,all,Cinnamon Coffin,"This is an emotional review written just after completing the game and spending 37 hours in it.This is how you make a slasher game.This is how you make epic fight scenes.This is how you write beautiful music.This is how you write a story.This is how you bring something new into the genre.This is how you make somebody cry.This is how you make a masterpiece.This is one of the best games I've ever played, just make sure to make it through to the very end."
,Recommended,524220,30681211,Posted: 23 March,all,Baker,+Great story+Gorgeous OST+Great characters+Lovely world design+Satisfying combat-The Japanese don't know what a PC is so the optimazation aint too goodThis is a hecking video game. Great/Great. GLORY TO MANKIND.
,Recommended,524220,30681112,Posted: 22 March,all,Shai,2B's measurements are:Bust - 84cmWaist - 56cmHip - 88cm
,Recommended,524220,32077949,Posted: 30 May,all,[AJSA]Doshka17,"So I just beat the game, ending E. It's almost 1 a.m.I'm uh..I'm gonna go to bed. Tomorrow I'm going to try to contemplate everything I have just experienced. And the idea that somewhere out there in the world is someone else that I've helped.If you have a computer that is capable of running this game at all, or if you have a PS4, you have to play it. You just have to."
,Recommended,524220,30574572,Posted: 17 March,all,Gamer Takahashi McBaggin,Glad theres an option for auto attack for one handed players such as myself
,Recommended,524220,30842192,Posted: 30 March,all,L1Q,"So after ~90 hours of gameplay I have completed 25 endings of 26.Yes there are multiple endings, most of which are funny jokes ofc, but still: you haven't played the game unless you've seen A,B,C,D endings, those are core story parts you have to see.When finishing the story first time it looked like the plot is weak and open world is too small.When doing the second walkthrough new game mechanics are introduced and new characters rise this game to new level.When continuing with third route it feels like that two previous were just a tutorial frankly!And at the time you reach final credits (you'll know it's finals I promise ;D)... oh let's say we all cry sometimes, okay?+ Game's music is one of the best I've heard so far.+ Plot feels like classic anime story at some points (watch your jaw when starting route C)+ Optimization is okay for my [phenom II x4 + 7870] potato, could have 40+ fps most of the time+ Awesome rpg-like chip system+ Bullet hell is on point, cool mix of genres+ Combat system is a step up comparing to MGR:R (previous Platinum's game)- Ballance feels a bit off sometimes, I wish enemies were always constant % stronger/weaker depending on difficulty.- Graphics is okay, for a console port but still it's 2017- You wouldn't like playing without a gamepad.It's definitely a GOTY for me.P.S.: I would also nominate it for the best ending credits, might be even better then portal's, hehe :D"
,Not Recommended,524220,34593009,Posted: 29 August,all,雪景色,I love this game but several months without patches for the problems is not acceptable.
,Recommended,524220,30654862,Posted: 21 March,all,Nep,[...][Proposal: Play this game.][...][Hypothesis: Game of the year.][...][Fact: NieR:Automata™ is one of the best games I've played.][...]
,Not Recommended,524220,34766374,Posted: 5 September,all,Ziggy Stardust,Needs patching before I can recommend. Which is a shame because the game is awesome but hindered by techincal issues.
,Recommended,524220,30584175,Posted: 17 March,all,Donut,Self destruct to remove 2B's skirt.
,Recommended,524220,32812500,Posted: 26 June,all,Ahoking,"Thanks to the fan made patch, it jumped from a perfect ppt to a perfect game."
,Recommended,524220,31011560,Posted: 7 April,all,Wasabi Avenger,"As a youtube comment somewhere so aptly put it, “Came for the booty, ended up crying.”God, what can I say about this amazing game that would do it justice?A Masterpiece, that’s what NieR:Automata is. A work of art that thoroughly drew me in, gripped my heart, filled me with joy and stabbed me with pain. Like a good book I felt I could hardly pause to catch a breath. I wanted to see the next part, wanted to feel the exhilaration of the next battle, wanted to-, no, needed to know what was to become of the characters I held so dear.Even the pain was precious, because it meant something, it was real, it was deep, it was important, it was… I’m not sure….All I know is that I have 198 games in my steam library, and have played countless others on consoles and PC over the years. I’m a pretty dedicated gamer. Games come in all shapes and sizes, from shooters to top down strategy, and It’s hard to compare apples and oranges, so in the interest of accuracy I’ll say this:NieR:Atomata is the best action RPG I’ve ever played.If you want an in depth description of game mechanics and play style I’m sure there are other reviews and videos better suited to providing you with this information, but I’ll go over the basics real quick:Combat: A satisfying hack and slash system with a high skill cap which fluidly changes from 3D, to sidescroller, to top down depending on the situation. A wide variety of melee weapons as well as several range options can be employed throughout the game. Also included are arcade style bullet hell sequences both in 3D and 2DVisuals: I’m sure you can see for yourself how good this game looks from a glance, but I should also note the special effects, character animations, designs and environments are very well done and interesting.Music: I’m not one who usually pays too much attention to game music, but the ones in NieR really captivate and accentuate the atmosphere of each location and situation so perfectly that I must make a note of how exceptional they are. This was also a big factor in how emotional the experience was.Story: If it wasn’t clear from my earlier rant, this is the reason the game is so important to me. To steal the wording of another review I’ve read, NieR is never content to show you something interesting and then rest on its laurels. It gives you one new wonder after another, slowly drawing you into the game’s world and its inhabitant’s lives. A sense of urgency and desire drives you forward, and the unexpected twists and turns will send you reeling, trying to catch your balance as you’re thrown headlong into the thick of it again and again.Maybe I’m getting more emotional as I get older, but I don’t think I’ve ever legitimately cried because of a game before. Shed a couple tears, sure, but broke down completely… not until NieR.I give NeiR:Automata a 10 out of 10.For perspective, in my gaming career I’ve only given 3 games a 10."
76561198028195486,Recommended,524220,30609475,Posted: 19 March,all,Jemsters,"I completed the game on PS4.Pros :- Yoko Taro knows how to masterfully direct a game and how to write a thougth-provoking and complex story complemented with compelling and deep characters.- Just like the first NieR, Automata plays a lot with camera perspectives and mixes gameplay elements from multiple video game genres.- Another absolutely stellar soundtrack from Keiichi Okabe (Slight spoilers ahead) :[1][2][3]- Emi Evans' voice is back.- Beautiful world aesthetic and character designs.- There's quite a few winks to the original NieR, especially in the latter parts of the game.- The overall writing quality of the sidequests makes them a joy to get through, despite some sidequest objectives being fairly uninspired.- The english dub is of very good quality,while of course not being as good as the one from the original NieR.(Japanese cast is also very good but that's kind of a given.)- 50+ hours of content.- The game is full of small details that'll put a smile on your face. Automata truly feels like a passion project for the whole development team. (UNPOLISHED)- You don't need to collect all the weapons to get endings C, D & E.- More text-adventure sections.Cons (most of them are just me nitpicking) :- The gameplay style of one of the three main protagonist gets pretty annoying after 10+ hours.- If you start the hacking mini-game during a dialogue, the dialogue will keep going while you're stuck in the mini-game ; you'll then be unable to hear what's going on.- Fairly simple combat-system when compared to other works from Platinum.- I don't think the last 5~ minutes from ending A & B are particularly well directed.- Random fps drops while exploring. (Mostly happens in the City Ruins.)- From a graphical standpoint, Automata is nothing to write home about.Final thoughts :Please give your money to Yoko Taro so he can keep buying booze so he can keep making weird games like only he can."
76561197993406664,Not Recommended,524220,34176638,Posted: 11 August,all,klaus_bast,"It's been almost 5 months after this game's release. The issue with full screen mode and black bars around the screen has not been addressed in any way shape or form. The game is good, but one should not recommend it because of such a ridiculously obvious, easily reproducible bug that has not been fixed after such a long time.If you don't mind using third-party software in order to solve the problem, Borderless Gaming is free from their website (it costs a few bucks in Steam). But seriously, it shouldn't take their QA team any time at all to fix this... unless they simply don't care, which seems to be the case."
76561198128306163,Not Recommended,524220,34778016,Posted: 6 September,all,I'm into vore myself.,"Here is where I wish for a middle-thumb. This game is perhaps one of the best games I've played in recent memory, with excellent writing, shocking twists and moments where I almost shed a tear. However the abysmal port means that you have to get an unofficial patch from the forums, and the fact that IT'S STILL NOT BEEN FU**ING PATCHED by the developers mean I have to give it a thumbs down. Again, I wish there was a middle-thumb, as the only thing that brought down my enjoyment of the game was the technical side of things. If that doesn't bother you, then get it while it's on sale."
,Recommended,524220,33997584,Posted: 3 August,all,Mr. Brightside,Came for the booty. Left with questions about what it means to be alive
,Recommended,524220,30659800,Posted: 21 March,all,Lando,bruh I bought this game thinking that it was just about being a cute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥android going around and killing badass machine bosses and♥♥♥♥♥♥but turns out that the story is more deep and emotional than I thought...yoko taro played me and I'm not even mad
76561198073541217,Not Recommended,524220,34760655,Posted: 5 September,all,Scowling Owl,"The game is good, but the PC port isn't"
76561198052231620,Recommended,524220,34218917,Posted: 13 August,all,Antaury P.,1- Great gameplay.2-touching Story.3- Amazing design of main characters and Enemies.4- playing Game+ is fun and rewarding.5- one of the best OST you can hear in games ever i don't know whos behind it but should win the Grammy for this masterpieces>
,Recommended,524220,30581631,Posted: 17 March,all,xXRagsXx,"After waiting months for this game, it's finally here, and I'm really impressed with it.Pros:-Incredible combat mechanics-Amazing soundtrack-Enjoyable story-No crashes at allCons:-Frame rate locked to 60 fps (which is not that bad to be honest, at least it's not 30).-1920x1080 not working very well (the workaround to this, is to use the game in windowed mode with the software Borderless Gaming, but it would be better if the devs released a fix)"
,Not Recommended,524220,32869080,Posted: 27 June,all,AnFangsEndes,"Fear of piracy is not a valid reason to treat your paying customers poorly. This review regards the port quality, not the quality of the game itself. This game is broken in a technical sense on PC. If you own a PS4 you should probably buy that version instead.I pre-ordered this game out of a desire to support Yoko Taro and Platinum, despite knowing from past performance that Square Enix would inevitably botch this port, but I'm still amazed. From its month-delayed release on PC, this game has still yet to be patched, which as of July 3, 2017, has been 107 days. Square Enix has abandoned this game. This game still has Denuvo implemented despite the version in use being cracked; strong DRM should not be an excuse to avoid making the necessary fixes a port requires, either before, or especially after it's been cracked, if the company respects the integral content of their own product, and their paying customers.This game is plagued by a wide range of technical problems. In addition to the poor performance mileage for your hardware, avoid this game if you run an AMD GPU, or specifically a GTX 780 or GTX 780 Ti; the game is prone to going into a state of White Screen of Death for hardware configurations including those GPUs, however other Nvidia GPUs are not immune. They still have not patched basic things, like rendering at 1080p fullscreen without upscaling from 720p, that have a fan-patch (FAR by Kaldaien & co.; if you buy this game you need this); the fan-patch, unfortunately, does not fix everything. They still have not patched more in-depth problems that there is no hope of a fan-patch fixing because it would require source access, like botched implementations of graphics elements that have been around for multiple generations, and as evidenced by the widespread WSOD issue, basic hardware compatibility. If you decide to go ahead with this purchase, I hope it works for you, but for your own sake, keep an eye on the refund clock.Square Enix is aware of these issues, and by their own claim are 'investigating' them, however I have no confidence that they will make good on it, because that would involve them spending more than nothing. The Nier Automata available from delayed-launch will in all likelihood be the same Nier Automata available after a year, and the same Nier Automata available after a decade, except the online elements will probably be shut off by then. If the game will run on your current hardware, now's probably the best time to play it, because with the amount of compatibility trouble this game has with existing hardware that they theoretically tested on, I've got this worry that it might not work at all with future hardware. When it comes to PC, Square Enix is a brand you can trust, to deliver a broken game.Editted for clarity and expansion on the technical issues."
,Recommended,524220,32921475,Posted: 28 June,all,Platypus Jensen (Dizzystorm),"What to expect from this game:- A story as complex as MGS, but you don't have to buy multiple games.- Hack 'n' slash gameplay mixed with shooting.- Perspective changes from traditional third person to side scrolling and top-down.- Bullet hell segments.- Levelling and quests.- Fishing.- A general sense of competent game design.Overall one of the best games I've played this year. You might have a lesser experience if you don't care much about stories in games, though.Tip: After completing the game, relaunch your save. You can thank me later.EDIT: Almost forgot, but you can sell the UI and the hardest difficulty allows enemies to kill you in one hit."
76561198041450921,Recommended,524220,30680045,Posted: 22 March,all,Stinzik,"EDIT: Having now started the C ending run, the story completely changes. This along with another character change makes the game feel so fresh again, even after 30 hours.Yes this game has crashes.Yes this game APPEARS to have resolution issues.Yes the game is pretty poorly optimized.All that aside, this game is probably one of the most worth it experiences I have played in a long time. If you can look past the issues this port has, and they can be significant, this game will not only be entertaining in its gameplay, but keep you guessing on the story as well. Be forwarned, you may have to invest a hefty amount of time into the game to get a large amount of the story. Multiple endings and somewhat large changes in perspective across playthroughs will keep this game a more fresh experience than you may expect. My time played currently is a playthrough of the A ending and I have started my second. With the combination of Yoko Taro's writing and Platinum's game play, this is a ""nier"" must buy.I do hope the port issues are fixed sooner rather than later, though."
,Recommended,524220,32076380,Posted: 30 May,all,TheaOchiMati,"A truly wonderful game.It is a shame that it has received so many negative reviews because of technical issues, because the game itself is fanastic. Personally, I haven't experienced any of the issues that others have mentioned.If only there would be more DLC so I could throw more money at the developers so that we might have a chance of seeing more of the Nier world. I have been sucked in to the universe of this game and am eager to see more of it and learn more about its history.If your computer can run this game, it is well worth it."
,Not Recommended,524220,31401306,Posted: 27 April,all,Jarazz,"I am sorry square enix, this is a fabulous game and everything about it seems perfect. However you have not tried to make a single patch for the issues for Nier Automata for many users who have been having graphic errors or just plain glitches for the game. I gave sqaure enix more than a month to perform a patch and its saddens me they did nothing. Not only am i unable to get a refund but i am unable to play a game that i honestly thinglooks excellent. I tried not giving a bad review however, i and many others have had this issue for far to long. You did not even announce a possible patch on your sight with the DLC, so theyres no way you are even paying attention to our complaints. I am sorry everyone i honestly hate giving bad reviews but this takes the cake in my book.If a possible fix is created within the DLC or anytime soon i will possibly remove this negative review. But if their continues to be no fix for a long period of time, i will have to keep this review up."
76561197974770053,Not Recommended,524220,34766129,Posted: 5 September,all,Big Shooter,No patch since release. Publisher clearly doesn't give a damn.
,Recommended,524220,30641113,Posted: 20 March,all,普通Shendow,"Nobody told me the small robot running towards you screaming ""AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"" was in fact a mini-nuke on legs"
76561197965702854,Recommended,524220,32678026,Posted: 23 June,all,drodecas,"Game of the decade, first game I played that had a bigger impact on me than any book or film."
,Recommended,524220,30574847,Posted: 17 March,all,セイバー VS7,"GTX970, FX6300, 8GB RAMDisabled AA and Vsync, otherwise maxed, get perfect 60FPS.Pretty good port so far, but there's a bug at 1080p in fullscreen that requires using a Borderless Window app in the meantime. Pretty much everything expected of a PC game is in place here."
,Recommended,524220,30755223,Posted: 26 March,all,TheDisableBore,"Came for android bottom and epic combat, stay for the gorgeous world , touching story, comfy music and tons of replayability because Yoko Taro is an insane person."
,Recommended,524220,30918373,Posted: 3 April,all,Maple,"NieR:Automata is one of the best games I got to experience. This is one of the few games that has a story with a powerful meaning, a story I won't forget. Each playthrough reveals more to the vague plot and shows more about the protagonists. The game was able to make me care about the characters which really made the story. I never experienced an ending to a story like this, it's something that can only be experienced for oneself as I can't explain it. Who knew dodging and shooting balls during the credit scene could be emotional.Pros:- A story that will never be forgotten.- Combat never gets old. A good player is able to do amazing things (perfect dodges, counter attacking, pod skills, using weapon sets to the fullest) all in perfect motion.- The soundtrack is amazing, it really sets the mood during the game.- Likeable characters, I cared about what would happen to them.- Plug-in chips allow for various playstyles.- Each weapon has its own story that can tell a lot.- Small details to fully understand the story and meaning.- I was able to play on max with 50-60 fps with an i5-4690 and gtx 1060, never crashed.Cons:- Graphics aren't the best for today's standards. It really wasn't the selling point to begin with, but some people do care about it.- At one point of the game, the map had to load in every now and then.- Left me thinking about life.NieR:Automata is one of those special games that comes out once in awhile. The story itself was worth it and everything else just makes it all that better. Get this game if possible, it should be experienced not watched.10/10 hit me with the feels."
,Recommended,524220,32401792,Posted: 13 June,all,GameZard,My PlaythroughYoutube PlaylistThe ReviewThis is one of the most fun action game that I have ever played. NieR: Automata was a huge surprise to me as I expected it to be an average action game but PlatinumGames and Yoko Taro really out did themselves. This game is nearly masterpiece. The action is fast pace and best of all it has no quick time events(which had to be hard for PlatinumGames to keep out). The game is aesthetically pleasing from 2B's sexy design to the art-style. But by far my favorite thing is the music. One of the best soundtracks that I have ever heard in a video game. The only con of the game is that it is not a good PC port. Download FAR fixes for the gamehereas it will fix most of the issues. I fully recommend this game to anyone and everyone.
,Not Recommended,524220,34154918,Posted: 10 August,all,Brackzillar,"I think the game itself is good, but if you have a Playstation 4 then get that version my personal experience with the PC port of this game has been nothing but anger and dissapointment.Since day one I haven't been able to set my resolution to 1080, and had to mod it to even get there. Along with the in game bugs that ive encountered and lost data over. Normally if a game can be modded to be good like Dark Souls Prepare to Die Edition I dont mind but considering that for this game they released a 13 dollar costume pack and didnt bother patching the bugs it is completely unacceptable that customers should have to mod this game to play it at a proper resolution."
,Not Recommended,524220,34762443,Posted: 5 September,all,Sir Pencil,"A good game, but the lack of official patches means you're either going to have a great time or a really, really bad one.Having to relying on user-made fixes to resolve the game's issues is hardly ideal. Especially when this game sold so well, they've got simply no excuse at this point.A great game in the hands of unreliable developers and publishers."
76561198031092605,Recommended,524220,30643134,Posted: 20 March,all,InFusion,"This game surprised me. I went in with some pretty high expectations due to the hype it created. It blew my expectations away. Especially in the OST department. I recommend this game wholeheartidly to anyone that doesnt dislike RPGS or hack and slash gameplay.For me at least, it was a great experience that left a strong impression. I will definitely keep an eye on Yoko Taro in the future. Heres hoping for future games to be released to PC as well.Heres also hoping the OST comes available soon, regardless of whether you decide to get this game... listen to the soundtrack. Even out of context its amazing."
,Recommended,524220,31042578,Posted: 9 April,all,Legendz-Senpai,"NieR:Automata™:Summary:Offering a fresh blend of action and RPG gameplay styles, NieR: Automata is the follow-up to the 2010 cult hit NieR, and combines the design talents of Drakengard designer Yoko Taro in collaboration with development team PlatinumGames. The game tells the story of androids 2B, 9S and A2 and their battle to reclaim a machine-driven dystopia overrun by powerful weapons known as machine lifeforms.Invaders from another world attack without warning, unleashing their secret weapon: the machines. In the face of this insurmountable threat, the human race is driven from the earth and takes refuge on the moon. The humans develop an army of android soldiers to fight back against the mechanical horde, but succeed only in slowing its advance. To break the deadlock, a new breed of android infantry is sent into the fray: the YoRHa squad. In the forsaken wasteland below, the war between the machines and the androids rages on. A war that is soon to unveil the long-forgotten truth of this world...My opinion :But what a game !!! From start to finish the game will have managed to make me stay without boredom. The synopsis of the story is very interesting and the different characters well exploited with a good background. The phases of actions, rest, sadness ... are very well managed with varying degrees of difficulty. The fights are beautiful and even grandiose I had the impresion to never do the same fight with the music just exceptional accompanying it's moments. I also enjoyed the moments of fighting in Flight Modules which reminded me much of the old game of the time ...The hack system is very good and funny without being complicated at some point . Unfortunately I find that there is too much use of the hack with 9s it is a pity but not disturbing . The game itself is very long and interesting I have 70 hours of game and I have just finished 100%, I have to start the game again from the beginning because of a certain end: D. For the blow ""you Will not get your money's worth ""and it's rare. One small defect is the optimization of crap that there is for each port console is very boring as always ...2B : Female model android created by humans who fled to the Moon to avoid extinction by the Machines. The first playable character and protagonist of Branch A.9S : Scanner type android who is best served when hacking, however he is still able to keep up with other close-range attackers. He has a very gentle and kind personality. The second playable character and protagonist of Branches B and D.A2 : A prototype model that was used in order to create the superior 2B and 9S. She doesn't like to speak and often keeps to herself. The final playable character and protagonist of Branch C.Pascal : In spite of being a Bio-machine, Pascal is a pacifist. She is highly intelligent and has an interest in the history of both humans and Bio-machine. (♥♥♥♥ why Pascal I loved it very much)Thème :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uu87oGsjkichttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2NbB806bCsConclusion :Clearly the one or the best game of 2017 dark without hesitation you will not regret it only for the number of hours to complete the game or else the universe just great and the characters a real success GG PlatinumGames"
76561198014058278,Recommended,524220,30676000,Posted: 22 March,all,Lolial,It should be illegal for a game to be this good.
,Recommended,524220,33687321,Posted: 20 July,all,Otter Chaos,"Hello.  I'm Nathan Otter.  You may remember me from shows such as ""Cardiac Emergency"", or ""Dude, Where's My Otter!""  but today I'm here to discuss Nier.  Somehow I never reviewed this game, even though I played it for 139 hours.Well, spoiler alert, it's a really good game.  Like really, really very quite good.  Playing Nier really feels like an old love letter to ARPG console games.  Well, I suppose it is a console game, but I haven't had one since PS2, so it still feels like a throwback to me.In a way, it's tough to explain why Nier is so good.  It's a grindy repetitive game, but also one that loops back around itself so many times, throwing weird things at you Pony Island style, that it never quite loses its grip.  Nier is like a race car on a wet track, always on the verge of doing a Dale Earnhardt style crash and burn, but somehow always pulling it off at the last minute.You can't really know Nier until you finish it.  Then finish it again.  And again.  And again.  It ends and begins again so many times before the whole story is revealed, and even though sometimes you may feel like Sisyphus, the original rock star, Nier keeps feeding you enough treats to keep you going.  One more round.  Ok, just one more.I think Nier looks lovely, for a console port, has a wonderful story, offers many secrets and plot twists, can make you laugh, and cry, and really, what else do you want?  Video games are what makes us the star of the movie.  Nier does this amazingly well.I guess the thing that lets me know I really like a game is when I'm at work and want to go home and play it.  I can tell you this, there were a lot of days I was at work thinking, ""Man, I can't wait to get home and play Nier.""  If that isn't what makes a good game, then I don't know what does.I'm Nathan Otter, and thanks to a bunch of doctors, and nine otters, I approve this message.  Play Nier!"
,Recommended,524220,30632876,Posted: 20 March,all,Pyromatic Tabby,Will probably end up being my game of the year.
,Recommended,524220,30859148,Posted: 31 March,all,Axel!,"I don't often write serious reviews for games because I'm too lazy and I think it's much more fun to just make jokes so here we go-I honestly made the mistake of thinking that Nier was Devil May Cry + waifubait main character. For that reason, I didn't want to buy it at all. But then my friends started playing it, and started beating it. Beating it multiple times. They told me it made them emotional, even cry in a couple parts. So I set aside money from my paycheck to buy it and I'm actually so glad I did. Even though it's only (the last day of) March, I feel pretty comfortable saying that Nier will be my GOTY. It's one of the best single player experiences I've ever had, while definitely not trading gameplay for story. Typically I expect either a compelling story or some super fun gameplay, but this game has both in spades. I've spent a lot of time just messing around with my stats and plug in chips, finding the perfect match to fit my playstyle.Another thing I was hung up about: Typically games like this require a controller, but I'm perfectly fine just playing on keyboard and mouse- it's actually perfect in my opinion. I don't feel like I'm slighted by not having a controller at all, but I would believe it if someone told me it was easier with a controller. Games like this are made for controllers I believe, but in Nier the keyboard and mouse controls don't suffer at all.So, yeah- I was initially planning on avoiding this game altogether, waiting for the hype to die down so I didn't have to see this ""flavour of the month"" game anymore. But I was very ignorant and so, so wrong about that, I'm glad I gave this game a chance and I recommend that anyone who's on the fence about this game just hurry up and buy it already. You won't regret it.10/10."
,Recommended,524220,30654724,Posted: 21 March,all,Porter,"An absolutely beautiful experience.One of the best games I've played in a while and I'm so happy that I have un-earthed this gem. The fighting mechanics are easy to use and executed fluidly for intense battles with difficulty levels that range for all players. The game has multiple weapons  that range from swords, katanas, power gauntlets, spears etc which can be upgraded at your leisure. Not to mention the range of passive skills that change your character dramatically on your play style along with temporary buffs.The music soundtracks are breath taking with each one just as epic as the last, giving you the feel for the settings and characters which will touch your heart as you play. it's truly a remarkable experience on the feels coaster!The enemies are tough and rewarding to kill, some stronger than others of course and ranging from multiple sizes, each with their own fighting abilities with awesome boss fights which are challenging and fun to play. Throughout the game you will talk to various characters and their background history, personality are all portrayed by great voice acting and plot. You'll truly feel the feelings that character is feeling along with their motives.(There is a total of 26 endings!!!) so the replayability is endless and you will try to get as many possible. Each play through feels like a brand new experience which gives the feeling of playing the first time again. Besides the main quests there are loads of side quests and secret areas to keep you entertained. I know some people love to explore and find there own adventure which is something this game encourages highly as you can get alot of cool items and abilities from the side quests and the hidden areas. As you progress through the story more and more side quests will be unlocked, you'll never run out of things to do.Considering my medium rig (with a pretty low end processor) I only get a few FPS drops which mainly stays around the 50-60 area for me so the game is pretty well optimized in my opinion. Only problem at the moment is the resolution, even in 1920x1080p it's not quite 1080p, it's been drastically upscaled. There are some work arounds like having it in windowed mode and so on, but hopefully this is fixed in the next patch. If you are struggling to get 60fps alot of the problems are around the ""anti-aliasing""option, try turning this down or off and enabling ""Vsync"". I know on alot of games ""Vsync"" makes the game lag and in somecases un-playable, but this game does it right.I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,524220,33854623,Posted: 28 July,all,phoenix249,"i have to admit when i first started this game,i thought that i would'nt  go to far with it.For me the PC keyboard controls are not what i'm used to.How ever the more i ploded along with it ,i really grew to like and enjoy it.I guess you do fall in love with the three characters  2B,9S and A2 all with slightly different quests.I'm not sure how other people went but i have invested 113 hours into this game,guess i did like it !!!, thank god for those travel transporters.This game with its major endings has left it wide open for a follow on and not just a spin off. I really enjoyed this game and highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,524220,33165383,Posted: 2 July,all,Vladimito,"A tl;dr who don't want to read a lot to know if they should buy the gameWhy you should you buy this game?PLEASE NOTE: A mod may be needed to fix any performance issues you may haveYou should buy this game because the story, characters, world, and atmosphere in it are all phenomenal and are far from mediocre. It does not push ideas or agendas into your face and can be enjoyed at face value and has enough depth to be enjoyed by the player who wishes to look deeper into the story for its thematic value. The gameplay is also very satisfying and doesn't get overshadowed by the narrative, so you'll be enjoying the usual platinum hack and slash gameplay while experiencing a good story that you don't have to fully be invested in.Why you shouldn't buy this gameThe game although it has a great narrative and equally great gameplay suffers from poor optimization on Platinum's part. It will run fine on higher end hardware but users have also stated that mileage may vary even if you meet the minimum or recommended specifications. You will need a mod to fix this game if you suffer from performance issues that tweaking cannot fix. It should also be noted that there has been no official fixes since it's release on the 17th of March and FAR has been the method for users to receive a proper experience. I would recommend not buying it on PC for these vary issues even though I have no problem with modding. It is therefore safer to get it on PS4 where you will receive a optimal experience from the minute you purchase with no worries if you will need to adjust anything.After presenting these two sections, I will state that it is ultimately up to you to decide if you want to purchase this game on PC or not. If you do not have a PS4 and really wish to play this game; then I say go for it and buy it when it is on sale and only then. If you have a PS4 then do yourself a favour and buy it there it will be much better I assure you.Now here's the long version for those who want a more in depth opinionSo why is the story amazing?The story is very well paced and is ingrained in every piece of the world along with every sidquestsThe side quests are enjoyable and makes the world more believable and real to the playerYou grow along with the characters from beginning to end and allows you to experience the narrative at your paceThe story has fun with itself and has a little bit of everything from depressing scenes to comic relief that all seem fitting for the storyYou never mentioned the music! Is that any good?I could go on forever about the music of NieR but I think I will letmy favourite trackfrom the game show you why the OST is gold.GameplayThe gameplay in NieR Automata can be described as the love child of Bayonetta and Metal Gear Rising. All the weapons feel and sound like you'd expect them to. Swords and other metal weapons give off a nice metal clang and 'shink' sound effect as hit your enemies along with other weapons like the cyprus stick giving a nice hollow and wooden feedback for hitting things.Animations in Automata are fluid and believable with all main characters being unique in their individual animations. It's amazing to think that Platinum not only created individual characters that look so different but also feel different in their playstyles and personalities as they fight. This not only makes you feel more connected to your character but all the more makes the combat more fun and enjoyable.It's Platinum Game's most refined gameplay and any fan of their games will feel right at home and constantly amazed by the depth of the combat and easy to use and accessible combat and movement.I see there's DLC for the game, should I get that with the game?Only if you are a fan of the original NieR and have spare cash to burn. Otherwise don't. It's very poor DLC and adds nothing to the story and it's a fluff sidequest that can be completed in a couple of hours with no feeling of reward except skins from NieR replicant. Again only buy this if you are a fan have and have spare cash otherwise it's not worth it at all.In ConclusionThis game was obviously made with love and care from the gameplay to the sound and story. It is a joy to play when it works well. I've already stated all of my issues concerning the PC Port and although I have gushed about how good a lot of the game is, the optimization leaves much to be desired. As long as you don't hate modding it will more than likely run fine if you do end up running into performances issues but I cannot promise that it will work for everyone.If you really want to play this game and do not have a PS4 then, by all means, pick this game up on steam and try it out. If it runs horribly, then install FAR and try again. If it still doesn't work; then sadly you'll have to refund or bare with the poor performance on your system. It will more than likely never be patched because of Square Enix and their bad reputations with games that aren't Final Fantasy and this is the state of the game on PC for good. Granted it still is a good game, but it will take some work to get on PC.I repeat from the beginning of the review,the final decision is up to youand you should only use my opinions to decide for yourself if you wish to get it on the PC platform. If you do, I hope it runs well for you and I also hope you enjoy the wonderful world and game that Yoko Taro and Platinum Games have made."
,Recommended,524220,30575407,Posted: 17 March,all,Misaka Mikoto,Her♥♥♥♥♥is even thicker than I'd hoped.
,Recommended,524220,30891950,Posted: 1 April,all,vault2049,"Back when I played the Original Nier game on my PS3 I became obsessed with Yoko Taro's work after managing to complete the game with all it's endings. I went back and played Drakengard 1, 2 (not really a Yoko Taro game) and Drakengard 3 and, even though these all were great games, the same issue was present in each of the games: the gameplay, the lack of budget.Nier was an improvement over the first 2 Drakengard games. The game came from one of the multiple endings Drakengard had, a joke ending even. Nier became a full-fledged action RPG in the process. It had decent graphics and the gameplay was somewhat enjoyable. The story, I will probably never forget it. Still, other that from the captivating story and characters, the low budget had evidently affected the game. Even so, it was just that good, so good that it became one of my favorite games of all time.Drakengard 3 also had some amazing ideas built in but, sadly, the technical state of the game made it very difficult to play due to staggerinly low framerates most of the time. Still, again, I loved the story, the characters and the setting.See, Yoko Taro is a genius, a genius at telling stories. He tells stories in ways other directors would be scared of even touching on, he breaks taboos in unique ways while managing to stay humble and loyal to his own work. When Nier Automata was announced my heart skipped a beat and when it was confirmed that Platinum Games were the ones in charge of the action direction I knew that, at last, we were in presence of a masterpiece in the making. I wasn't wrong.After playing around 68 hours and achieved and explored everything the game has to offer, Nier Automata has become one of my favorite games of all time, definitely my favorite modern game of all time. This time around its not just the god-tier level story that makes this game legendary, but it's fluid and stylish, yet simple, combat and overall action-RPG gameplay.Why do I say that Yoko Taro is a genius storyteller? One would have to play Nier Automata multiple times to come to that realization. The game doesn't end in just one playthrough, it builds up for the next one and each time one finishes a playthrough the game gets even better and better pushing the player to keep up unraveling what is in store next. At the end of it all, you end up immersed and extremely touched with the outcomes of the story, this is true in all of Yoko Taro's games, specially in Automata.While the characters are built on popular Japanese stereotypes, the story is just so immersive that these cliches go on overlooked and even manage to make us get in touch with the characters feelings in such ways that no other videogame has achieved up to now.Alongside Yoko Taro, Okabe Keiichi has been working with him on the soundtracks from the original Nier onwards. Nier Soundtrack is, probably, my favorite videogame soundtrack of all time. I stand corrected now, it was. Okabe has gone way beyond excellence with Nier Automata's Soundtrack and has composed another masterpiece that fits the overall quality of this game. Platinum also did an excellent job like they did with Metal Gear Rising in managing the pacing of the action with the BGMs. It all feels natural, connected. The music in this game definitely plays a huge part on what the game expresses and in how does it do it.Basically, one can play Nier Automata without playing the Original Nier game. The intel data you find during the caharacters journey helps the player grasp the situation and the state of this post-apocaliptic world. The best outcome though, is to have played the original Nier as there are very special surprises here for followers of the franchise that are greatly appreciated and add even more to the game.As for the port goes, I cannot call it a bad port because the PS4 and PS4 Pro versions of the game also were launched presenting issues. Luckily for the PC community, there is a mod that vastly improves performance with just a minimal hit in graphical quality and fixes some other issues like fullscreen support for some users and framerate smoothing. The game has some other technical issues (like stuttering 30 fps capped  pre-rendered cutscenes), that is a fact; nothing that makes it unplayable or substracts fom the experience though.Honestly, I'm just happy that Yoko Taro finally was able to give us a true AAA game that can actually appeal to the masses while remaining true with his genius storytelling. This isn't the best Platinum Games action title around in terms of gameplay, that is true. There are games like Bayonetta and Metal Gear Rising around that completely nail down action gameplay aspects and depend on them, but this game has some refined action that complements one of the best stories ever told in a game.I cannot recommend this game is enough, it is one of the best examples of why are videogames considered art. This is one of those media products that couldn't have turned anything else than a videogame. Nier Automata is the pinnacle of Yoko Taro's work resulting in one of the best gaming experiences of all time."
,Recommended,524220,30591867,Posted: 18 March,all,CypherDi4z,"NieR: Automata or in Original  ニーアオートマタ (Nia Otomata) is an fantastic RPG / Action game.For the ones who hasn't follow the ""NieR"" Games , don't you worry , this game is totally offbased from the Originalwhich means that the game ( Automata ) has an complete diffrent story than the ""Pre-Quels"".Pros :-As said it has an very good Soundtrack-Great Character Development  of 2B, 9S and A2-Multiple Endings ( i'm not gonna go further in that , cause maybe i will spoil you ;/-And an awesome Battle System ( Easy to learn buuut a bit tricky to Master ;)-huge varieties of places you can visitCons:-Fullscreen Resolution is bugging-And there is an FPS LockBut in the end , I'll recommend this game with all my Heart 10/10 Cypher approved ;)"
,Recommended,524220,30574705,Posted: 17 March,all,Ayase | FF15 HYPE,"Thats like Final Fantasy 13 all over again. The game itself is really great, but hence everybody complains about bad console port habits and is giving the game a bad review.Gameplay-wise this game has everything, from hack'n'slay to 2D-scroller and top view combat action. It's really fun to slay enemies with so many options to do so. The graphics are fine, good tho to fit the tone and atmosphere of the game.The story seems pretty interesting so far and the characters do have some personality, even as androids.It runs really smooth and shouldnt be considered a bad port. SE or Platinum will eventually deliver some updates to improve your experience performance wise.Everybody who likes JRPGs or is a hack n slay fan should give it a try."
76561198028934604,Recommended,524220,30671163,Posted: 22 March,all,NotoriousJoker,"A great game with a story capable to bring me to tears and wonder about feelings.The characters lead us to an emotional journey about what makes us human...the good, the bad and the ugly of being human.At the end it will make you wonder if the machines and androids will be able to develop such feelings and the impact it could have.The gameplay is great but is not an easy game...if you wanna beat it be patient and be ready for some loooonnnnggg boss fights. The game contains several endings and after you beat it the character 9S is playable.♥ LOVED IT ♥ If you are into sci-fi it is worth the ride!"
,Not Recommended,524220,31619353,Posted: 7 May,all,BurntBacon,"Instead of fixing a problem the devs acknowledged back in late march (white screen driver crash now fixed for amd only by amd still no patch), theyve recently released an overpriced dlc and havent said a word about patching the game. Refund if you can or stay away until something is done."
,Recommended,524220,33361131,Posted: 7 July,all,Desolater IV,"Incredible Action JRPGMy Let's Play:Playthrough Playlist+ Excellent hack & slash combat system,  the best I have ever experienced.  It's fast and fluid, with great dodging mechanics, and a very deep skill system which overall makes the gameplay very enjoyable.+ Lots of content (~30 hours+) including 3 full-length campaigns with 3 seperate androids, along with 2 addional endings, and 22 side endings.+ Gameplay constantly changes and mixes up new elements to keep things feeling fresh. Some parts you will be in a flying mech in an armored-core style shoot 'em up, the next you will be in a sidescrolling 2D perspective, then changing to a top down perspective, then to a 3D third person hack & slash, and than to hacking sequences. It's amazing+ ALL the bosses are an absolute joy to face, and are quite challenging+ Very interesting Sci-Fi Story and Characters (especially the Machines)+ Great english voice acting+ Wonderful Soundtrack+ LOTS of side quests and extra content INCLUDING addional bosses- I personally thought the ending (Route D-E) wasn't that great, and left a LOT of loose ends to the story.- The game did a pretty poor job of explaining the lore, keeping the backstory very vague and confusing. Even if you look up the backstory on a Wiki site, it leaves so many questions.- Poor Console to PC Port. The game crashed on me a couple times, and you have to install a mod to play the game at full-screen with the correct resolution. The cutscenes also all seem to be in 720p.Nier Automata should be Game of the Year 2017Even playing through Zelda Breath of the Wild did not come close to how much I loved Nier Automata's gameplay"
,Recommended,524220,30934615,Posted: 3 April,all,Gekton,"One of the better games I've played in a long time, and I'm saying this with only one playthrough under my belt. I still have a long way to go.9/10 Story (so far)10/10 Sound Design10/10 Art Direction10/10 Character Models10/10 Combat MechanicsAnd the music is enough to make a grown man cry over a dropped cheeto."
,Recommended,524220,30623192,Posted: 19 March,all,Polite People,"NieR: Automata is a brilliant jewel that was masterfully crafted by a dream-team coming together. Yoko Taro's genius dramaturgy combined with Keiichi Okabe's breathtaking musical score and neatly wrapped in Platinum Games' trademark hurricane action brings about an absolutely stunning gameplay experience.Do yourself a favour, don't read or watch anything that could spoil the game's plot, go in blind and experience everything first-hand.NieR: Automata is an absolute must have, and a strong contender on a role of game of the year for me."
,Recommended,524220,30763973,Posted: 26 March,all,Rin,Came for the thighsStayed for the cries
76561198009485170,Not Recommended,524220,31512091,Posted: 2 May,all,DirtyBongWater,I got a refund as I have a pretty good computer set up and should be able to run any game. Yet I get a white screen crash. I decided not to wait for the patch as I paid 60 dollars for a game that is not ready for release. I am sure it is a very good game and would be fun to play. I just think I will wait for patches and for a price drop.
,Recommended,524220,30601637,Posted: 18 March,all,Karkat Prime,"I decided to play more than just 1 hour to actually get a sense of what the game is like, and not just throw a random review out there. (Spoiler free)EDIT: Proposal: Purchaseimmediately.So, with that out of the way, please note that I'veNEVERplayer any of the previous games, this is purely my opinion aboutTHISone.GraphicLet's start with the most obvious one here. For me the game looks great. The artstyle, the characters, the city, everything. Some of the underground scenes aren't as appealing however, mostly the dark areas, but that doesn't take anything away from the game. I'm running the game with a GTX 970 strix, an Intel Celeron G1840, as well as 16 GB of RAM, and I honestly had no FPS issues ever. The game did crash twice under 16 hours of playtime but it was mostly down to my slow CPU. So, personally, I had no issues with FPS what so ever, although fullscreen doesn't work what so ever. (Borderless window fixed that...sorta)Controls, GameplayThis is a tricky one. First it was really hard for me to get used to the controls, to a point where I kept switching between controller and keyboard and I still didn't feel exactly good with either, but by now I settled with the controller (steam) because it's the most natural one for this type of game. The game itself feels fluid and smooth, the combat is hard but never unfair. My one and only complain is the fact that you can't switch between your targets easily once you lock onto one.Though that might be just me playing too much Dark Souls.. The open world is nice but to be honest, it feels a bit limited from time to time. Sometimes a clearly open way will have invisible walls around it, forcing you to either avoid that area or go around it, but overall it is a really beautiful world in it's own right. The few online elements are a nice touch as well, seeing where other players died before you makes the game feel a bit like Dark Souls. Where you know you're not alone, others are struggling with the same part you're playing at. Being able to repair some of those androids to help you can sometimes turn the tides in a battle.StoryTo get a deeper understanding, you should ask someone else. If you're just looking for an opinion from a casual gamer, it's great. I, of course, haven't finished it, but it seems very interesting. The soundtrack for me is a mix. Some of it I really like, some of it.. not that much. But that's just a personal opinion, I'm sure most people love every soundtrack the game has to offer, because it is great, just not my taste.Overall, I didn't regret pre-ordering, go ahead and get the game for yourself. It was time for a game like this to give me some hope after some obvious failures... I'm looking at you, No Man's Sky..."
76561198144362735,Not Recommended,524220,31791980,Posted: 16 May,all,Akuma,"Game is great, soundtrack is godlike, port is awful.It suffers from several problems (major and minor ones) and the companies responsible will not address any of them and keep ignoring their customers. On fullscreen the resolution drops down to 900p, random fps drops, crashes, white screens even on high-end systems. Plus, while there's no indication that it requires a controller, there's a mode that is inaccessible with k/b & mouse."
76561198014480254,Recommended,524220,30642979,Posted: 20 March,all,genozide,"Yoko Taro, the creator and machinehead behind this game, is a genius. This is not your average hack n slash but more like a work of art you can't stop thinking about. Firstly, i do not care about minor release bugs bound to be patched very soon. Secondly, there's more to a game than white underwear and ladders.I like this game because of the following things:- details. Character garments get dusty, wet, dry, torn in suicide. Sounds, environment and light all have their own details.- longivity. When you get exited about the game you may think about it, want to play it again, enjoy playing it again.- diversity. compared to mainstream games it's finally a ""normal"" length game for an oldschooler. No waste of money and options like network, upgrades and weapons give you choices to do a completely different approach to second, third, fourth playthrough.- story. imaginative, humorous and innovative. quests in an open world are interesting, tempting and surprising. for androids emotions are prohibited. what a dilemma in such an emotional world. and the machines you fight seem so full of life it's ironic.I don't like this game because:- i don't have as much spare time as i would want to have so i could play this wonderful game.9½ / 10(not a full 10 because out o fmy scifi alien horror franchise, sorry Yoko. Make AL()EN game now, please?)"
76561198042350163,Not Recommended,524220,31516288,Posted: 2 May,all,a soggy potato,Terrible PC port that the devs refuse to fix. Yet they will add overpriced dlc to steal more of our money.
,Recommended,524220,31134210,Posted: 14 April,all,Luk,"I urge you to go into this game as blind as possible.Of course this game is not perfect so I will start out by listing some of the issues:- The PC port has problems with fullscreen resolution (the FAR mod can help with this)- Dodging when using K&M controls is clunky (I recommend playing with a controller)- I experienced a bit of ""popping in"" of environmental-assets- The hacking mini-game that becomes very prevalent later on in the game can be frustrating- Some of the sidequests are rather tedious (a certain quest in the desert comes to mind)- No auto-save, remember to save oftenHowever these are in my opinion massively outweighed by the positives:+The combat is crisp and feels very statisfying when you get good at it+Most boss battles feel very epic+Shifts seamlessly between different gameplay styles (Hack&Slash, Side-scroller, Bullet-Hell)+Beautiful and varied scenery+Tackles philosophical questions without coming off as pretentious+Intriguing setting and fleshed out world that ties into Yoko Taro's previous works+Main characters are likeable and have good development+The plot is interesting and gets quite emotional+Multiple endings+Absolutely phenomenal soundtrack+Final Credits are ingeniousOverall NieR:Automata was an incredible experience and one of the best games I have ever played."
,Recommended,524220,30665739,Posted: 22 March,all,Mr. Freeman,"10 hours went by without me noticing.I bought NieR without much research, but I think it is a solid game.Combat: A+The combat is probably my favorite. In Guild Wars 2 or WoW, when you hit something it feels fluid and smooth. While in NieR, hitting a monster feels solid and crisp. Hard to explain but I would compare this feeling to the combat from Tera. In addition, the combination of different attacks pairing different weapons is great. (Similar to GW2)Story: ?I played 10 hours and to my pleasant surprise that isn't even close to the end. Apparently I only finished route A? Waiting to finish final exams until I continue the rest.Music: AYou're immersed and the music is pleasant.Voice Acting: A-One of the better English dubs.Environment: B+So far, it was either broken buildings, a forest, a desert, an amusement park, or the sea. Haven't finished the game. Felt like the world could be a little more diverse. Despite being in a different section, most areas produced a similar vibe. Hoped it would have areas more creative.Monsters/Bosses: B+Wouldn't say there is a tremendous variety in monsters. However, the boss designs are nice and unique."
,Not Recommended,524220,30866817,Posted: 31 March,all,귀여운 물개새끼,"I should start by saying that this is a review purely of the technical issues that currently plague this game, not the content of the game itself. I don't feel that I've been able to get far enough into the game to thoroughly review its story or gameplay, so I'll leave that to other reviewers. To clarify, this review probably doesn't apply to you if:1. Your PC well exceeds the recommended specs listed on the store page, and2. You own some sort of two-stick controller which you are able to use on your PCThe sole reason that this review is a ""Do Not Recommend"" is as a warning to potential buyers to research VERY carefully before making this purchase. There are MANY issues that players are having right now, including myself, which make the game effectively unplayable.First, do not even consider purchasing this game unless your GPU is sufficiently powerful to run the game at a solid 60 FPS on the settings you choose, with NO dips whatsoever. For some absurd reason, the game compensates for a framerate below the 60 FPS cap by actually slowing down the game, so that the same amount of time passes between frames regardless of how long it takes to render them. This means that, if you can't put out a solid 60 FPS, your game will literally be running in slow-motion. If you are on a laptop, or if you are on a desktop that hasn't had its GPU upgraded in the past few years, you will NOT be able to run this game playably in its current state.Second, do not even attempt to play this game with keyboard and mouse; it is effectively impossible, and certain sequences will be beyond frustrating to complete with the game's insanely broken K&M controls. The game naively treats your mouse as an analogue stick, meaning that as soon as you stop moving it, your aim snaps back to the direction your character is facing. This means that you essentially have to use only WASD to aim, and the mouse is literally useless - a control scheme which is so mindbogglingly stupid that I have a hard time believing anyone at SquareENIX or Platinum Games ever tried playing this game with K&M controls, despite the game claiming to support it.That said, I don't want to make it appear that I am ""trashing"" this game. From everything that I've seen, it seems like an absolutely lovely game, and I am sorely disappointed that I am unable to play it in an enjoyable way. If you own a console that this game is offered on, or have a sufficiently beastly PC and own a peripheral controller, give it a shot. I did enjoy the brief portion of it that I was able to barely stumble through, and reviews of the game's story have been absolutely sparkling. Just be aware that this game was clearly never intended for PC, and almost zero effort was put into porting it in a playable way. If you're okay with that, and you have the right setup to be able to play it, then by all means, do."
76561198056731187,Recommended,524220,30672557,Posted: 22 March,all,Lonelancer7443,"It's everything it was expected to be, and so much more. Some mad genius gave Yoko Taro a budget and Platinum Games and they created one for the ages. This is an experience best entered as blind as possible, as the surprises and new contexts given to your actions as a player break your heart, throw some salt on it, and shove it down your throat lovingly. Ending A is about 1/4 of the way through for those unfamiliar with Yoko Taro's multiple endings schtick.The port is servicable if not good, use borderless gaming for fullscreen above 720p, as there is some weird upscaling otherwise.Also makes you a king of geometry wars.God-Tier OST that is dynamically affected by the playerBleak but beautiful world that is just the right sizeNuanced and literally earthshattering plotGoofs and chuckles, tears and depressionWhy on Earth did I say yes after E?"
,Recommended,524220,30572344,Posted: 17 March,all,Dellicious,Any game where you can blow up your character's skirt and let her walk around in a little thong is a worthy candidate for GOTY.
,Not Recommended,524220,31700130,Posted: 12 May,all,Jenneh,"Let me start off by saying this ; I refunded the game.Now that the cats out of the bag, let's get down to why. I don't hate this game, quite the opposite, i loved playing it. I loved the feel of combat, i loved the bit of bullet hell, i love that different inputs caused different attacks. Gameplay wise, this was well worth a $60 investment... But in order to properly play the game, i had to use a 3rd party application to fix the games bugs. I got the game just when they announced the ""DLC"" that costs $14 for a few outfits. This is when i refunded the game.First off, they themselves have not put any effort forward to fix the issues people have, you're basically just SoL if you run into the issues that a good bit of the playerbase have ran into.Secondly, they decided that instead of fixing a great game and making more money, they would instead release a $14 DLC to get money. There were two routes they could have taken, and they went for the scummy route, sadly. They of course released a DLC that is mainly bought for a skimpy outfit for the main character, can't blame them, even I like the look of it, but the scummyness is still there.Thirdly ; This is a Triple A title from a well known developer, not getting bug fixes out in a timely fashion is inexcusable, even more so when the publisher is SE. No reason to stand for this, especially after the DLC.TLDR ; Gameplay is great, but devs who have no interest in fixing their game, ruins any reputation that fans try to give it."
,Recommended,524220,33868325,Posted: 28 July,all,2B,Amazing.
76561198011643592,Not Recommended,524220,32858730,Posted: 27 June,all,Kohmposehr,"Very disappointed in Platinum. This game looks absolutely gorgeous and I wish I could play it, but I get a bug about ten minutes in that doesn't allow me to progress further. I have tried FAR, adjusting resolution, V-sync, all drivers/OS are updated, AND a complete re-install and none of it helped. Definitely getting a refund for the game and hoping the game gets patched. If not, this goes down as probably the biggest let-down of a game I've purchased."
,Not Recommended,524220,34774197,Posted: 6 September,all,Thiện Đẹp Trai,"The story of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port, and the dev never release a patchA random modder come as a savior.And the company sit down and let the modder do all the job."
76561198041392680,Recommended,524220,31796619,Posted: 16 May,all,Lunar,"Stick with this game. The first hour can be a bit trying, and almost caused me to stop playing (no save states, deaths caused by lack of control precision). However, once you get past the hour opening stage, the game opens up to be one of the best RPG experiences I've played in some time. The story unfolds gradually in the 30-40 hours required to fully finish the game, and is beautiful as it is haunting. I am so glad I stuck with it. At the point of writing, play this game in windowed mode with any 3rd party windowed full frame application (like Embiggen for windows). Fullscreen can give terrible control lag, etc. Expect patches."
76561198067167152,Recommended,524220,32859605,Posted: 27 June,all,upwithmike,"Works great on my system:i7 7700kWin 10 ProGTX 1070Logitech f310 generic game padThe only thing I had to do was enable generic gamepad use in Steam Big Picture, after which it has been working fine.This is my first jRPG on a PC (always played on consoles), and it is a fantastic game that I highly recommend."
,Recommended,524220,30665918,Posted: 22 March,all,SovietLlama,Really one of those games that makes you think.=NOT ONLY BUTTS=
,Not Recommended,524220,33114035,Posted: 1 July,all,Kaladin,"Fantastic gameHOWEVER BEFORE YOU BUY, this game is a horrible pc port, bad performence across the board, hitching fps drops you name it. If you do plan to play it now make sure to get the far patch/mod otherwise this game is completley unplayable and even with the far patch its still not perfectIf this game ever does get the port problems fix make sure to pick it up thoughAlso make sure you have a controller, the mouse and keyboard controls are terrible"
,Recommended,524220,30900238,Posted: 2 April,all,VideoFaner,One of the best games ever made. Enough said
,Not Recommended,524220,32033017,Posted: 28 May,all,mothmanex,"The game has a good story, amazing soundtrack, and good gameplay, but it requires a mod called FAR to play it at higher resolution and at a good framerate.DLC was released before any fix...I will update the review once Square Enix either pays the developer of the mod or make the port good enought to not need the mod."
,Recommended,524220,30976226,Posted: 6 April,all,Ｈａ_ｒｕ.,"♥♥♥♥is hometown.jokes aside, this is definitly one of the greatest games i ever played and im not even overexaggerating, i didnt finished alot of games lately.but this game kept me captivated till the end.just look how this game is absolutly praised. i think thats enough you need to knowso if you're slightly intressted in it you should definitly give it a try."
,Recommended,524220,30754973,Posted: 26 March,all,Derpson,"This game is certainly one of them, Art types. Also, you can absolutely see it's a product of passion. It was made to convey a message and make people feel ""the feels"", not to rake in some cash. After seeing all of the 5 main endings (you have to subsequently unlock all of them to see the true finale to the whole story, they are not just 5 independent, alternative endings) i can say for sure that this is one of the most memorable stories i've experienced.Pros:- Rich and unorthodox story, with existentialism, absurdism and nihilism being the main themes which are explored A LOT.- Outstanding design. Levels, characters, UI, animations, weapons, etc - everything looks polished and smooth, like it's a finished and refined product which can't be improved any further (a rare occurrence these days).- Great music.- No babysitting bs. You don't waste time on stupid handholding tutorials and introductions.- Prohibitive death penalties and no save/load abuse (very similar to Souls games).- Cool little feature with occasional camera mechanics switches - sometimes it switches to top-down zoom-out, or side view.- Multiple cute little details and features that you just wouldn't find in ""conventional"" AAA games.Cons:- Not enough difficulty levels - normal is too easy, hard is too hard, there should be 1 more option that would be average between normal and hard.- Technically it's not impressive, just mediocre.- Game would be better off without many of the side quests. Like, half of them are boring and don't expand any of the game's lore at the same time. Side quests should either be fun, or tell you something interesting (or do both, ideally).- No multiplayer and longevity. It could, potentially, have something similar to Souls' multiplayer, to give people a good reason to really dive into character building/optimization and verse the most challenging enemies - another players. But there's none, so as soon as you get 100% completion the game's over.- Instead of making a thousand joke bad endings just to match every letter of English alphabet they should've made just a few proper bad endings with a bit of cinematics and story.Overall, it's a solid 10/10 for me."
,Not Recommended,524220,34921869,Posted: 13 September,all,Prime,We need a patch for PC. Since release no patch but a crappy DLC.
,Not Recommended,524220,32858638,Posted: 27 June,all,DirectorHaruhi,"GTX 780's in SLI, crashing with all combos of FAR mod, Windowed Borderless Gaming, in-game settings changes and SLI being disabled or enabled. Can't get past the intro sequence, will probably, and sadly, be seeking a refund for this regardless of how much I wanted to play it.This being months after the developers said they were looking into the problems, radio silence as far as crashes for Nvidia users go.This isn't even a matter of having a low FPS, I could get over that, it's the fact that it crashes too often to play, at least for me."
,Recommended,524220,31368097,Posted: 25 April,all,DoctorQuinn,"If you ever forget why video games are an art form, here's a good reminder."
76561198255408008,Recommended,524220,33149993,Posted: 2 July,all,robofishguts,Anime girl rides a moose while shooting at robots. 7/5 would mount again
,Not Recommended,524220,30946655,Posted: 4 April,all,Shock,"So everyone really, really likes NieR: Automata. The only negative reviews I see on Steam are because of the problems with the PC port or just people giving up after a couple of hours for whatever reason. I played this game through to the end, all 5 important endings (ABCDE), so I've given this game its fair shake. I still don't like it and I can't really understand why others do like it. I understand the themes it was going for and admittedly those themes are interesting. However, I think the game fell flat in its execution.First off I could not care less about any of the characters. None of the tear jerking moments caused any emotion in me. Now, you might think I'm completely heartless or a psychopath, but that's not the case. I just felt like the characters and their relationships were never really fleshed out. I still feel like I don't know a whole lot about 2B, 9S and A2 (apart from 9S liking 2B). Most of the cast don't have any real personal motivation for what they do in the story (again with the exception of 9S). It is, at best, vaguely hinted at in the main story. Maybe a lot of this is hidden in away in text entries, but I don't spend hours reading that stuff. But, if important things like character motivations are hidden away in text form, then that's just bad storytelling, in my opinion. Add on top of all this death has no real consequences for reasons explained in the story, and any semblance of my personal investment in the characters or what happens to them just disappears compeletely.Second off, I absolutely HATED my second playthrough. Barely anything changed content-wise, which leads to a 6-hour slog through a portion of story I've played already. The game drip feeds you some tiny droplets of story, but it wasn't anywhere near enough to keep me interested. ALso, 9S's hacking minigame got extremely stale after doing it for the umpteenth time. The gameplay overall is fairly shallow. The spectacle fighting has less going on than, say, God of War or Bayonetta with less moves than either of them. I enjoyed it during my first playthrough, but after those 10ish hours, I'd had enough. The bullet hell gameplay is much worse and just straight up boring to me. If you hold down the square & R1 button on a PS3 controller and move around a bit, you'll usually be fine.Also, side quests are Dragon Age: Inquisition levels of bad: fetch quests galore. I stopped doing them after the fifth one had me walking 10 minutes to go collect 5 more bear's asses with barely any story and no voice over to make up for it.Finally, I felt the overall story was poorly patched together with important plot points being glossed over and hardly explained. I asked myself multiple times why or how a particular event was happening and could not come up with a satisfying answer. Again, I didn't spend too much time reading the text entries. I'm sure many people will tell me I didn't get it and they may well be right. I'm definitely eager to watch some deeper analysis videos on this game. I might come to appreciate the game more in time.PS: I should add the caveat that I haven't played many JRPGs and no Yoko Taro games before this one. The ones I did play, I didn't really enjoy. If you are a fan of that particular genre or of Yoko Taro, this may well be right up your alley.EDIT: some people had some questions/criticism in the comments, I'll try to adress those here:Death really doesn't have significant consequences until the final part of the game (and even then it doesn't really, seeing as they get put back together). The first two times they die (2B and 9S together and 9S alone), their most relevant data gets uploaded back to the bunker and they continue on without missing a beat. Sure, they miss some small bits of memories along the way, but no one really seems to care. In those two situations, the people dying aren't too upset about what's happening to them, and rightly so. I think that says enough about why dying doesn't really matter.Regarding my time played: as stated in the review, I skipped most side quests. The reason for that, that I genuinely didn't enjoy the first ones I came across. They left a lasting, bad impression on me. The objectives themselves came down to running to a particular area and killing/collecting something or talking to someone. This was extremely boring to me in the beginning, considering I didn't have fast travel unlocked yet. It felt like busy work for too little reward. This really put me off any further side quests, especially when combined with the fact that most side quests in the previous NieR game where utterly forgettable. I played through the main quest only pretty much, because I was interested in the story. The side quests contain a chunk of story, for sure, but I didn't think the hassle was worth it. I also found the gameplay fairly mediocre and thus wasn't compelled to go exploring or further upgrade my weapons.Regarding the ""further analysis"" comment: I think you misunderstood what I was trying to convey there. I'm not planning on doing any further analysis myself, but rather watching youtube videos of people with far more time and skill than myself (for example: Joseph Anderson, SuperBunnyHop, etc.)Regarding not understanding the characters' motivations and whatnot.First off, A2 isn't fleshed out in the slightest. They vaguely explain to you she's an older model and some audio during a flashback hints at what happens. That's pretty much all you get for a fairly important character.2B is a little more fleshed out, in the sense that we find out her main role is basically executing 9S when he finds out the secrets of Yorha and she's pretty beat up about it because she likes 9S. That's all the personality she gets.9S is the most fleshed out, considering he talks the most. He's a scanner model who really likes 2B, but he's too smart for his own good. When everything starts falling apart and 2B dies, he goes on a bit of a rampage brings down the tower. Unfortunately, I didn't like this character. Rather, I found him annoying and childlike, which is odd for a recon android that participates in military operations.So to me, I've got 2 poorly fleshed out characters that I can't really get invested in and one properly fleshed out character who I didn't like."
,Recommended,524220,30704395,Posted: 24 March,all,MITOLL,"If you're new to the series, you're just going to experience a damn good game.But if you're a Taroverse veteran, then boy oh boy you're in for a bucketful of tears."
,Not Recommended,524220,31901512,Posted: 22 May,all,Sarda,"Despite how much I love the game I can't recommend it to anyone currently because of it's many crash related bugs.In the 36.8h it took me to beat the game I experienced about 32 crashes; 28 of them from the Nvidia driver crashing, causing the game to crash because it can't recover from that. 4 of them from generic 'program stopped working' crashes at seemingly random times.Because the driver crashes could come anywhere from 2m to 60m apart depending on what area of the map I was In I'd estimate that I lost atleast 4h of progress all together from those crashes and it really lowers your opinion of the game when your constantly repeating content and sprinting past enemies to get to save points, because in this game that crashes constantly there is no autosave."
76561198027253365,Recommended,524220,33159779,Posted: 2 July,all,nickdiaz,"I don't normally find games with soundtracks worth mentioning, but I REALLY enjoyed the music in this game.  Combat is fast-paced and fun, and the story is very engaging.  Well worth playing through multiple times to finish the whole story.  Would definitely recommend picking up if you enjoy story-driven RPGs with a bit of philosophy and deep thought thrown in."
,Not Recommended,524220,32868766,Posted: 27 June,all,Nightspirit,"BETTER BUY PS4 VERSION IF YOU CAN.The game is very good and all but I can't recommend such a bad port, the problems are making a great game painful to play and platinum games doesn't seem to care, so if you have a PS4 just buy Nier : Automata on PS4.I'll change my review if platinum decides to fix the game."
,Not Recommended,524220,31661979,Posted: 10 May,all,rain,"No optimization/bug fix patch 2 months after release. YMMV with performance unless your rig is very new and high end.Nearly unplayable without Kaldaien's FAR mod, which does not fix the white screen bug that happens at random.Great game, but poor support with 0 communication from devs. Here's hoping the recent reviews give them a nudge in the right direction."
,Recommended,524220,30611943,Posted: 19 March,all,Obsidious,"I've been hyped for this game for a long time but I didn't want to get my hopes up TOO high when it released.  I got it on PS4 first and was happily impressed.  I didn't rush through it because I knew this PC port was coming soon - and I can say with my personal opinion that I prefer the PC version since you've got more options to fumble around with (granted I am using my PS4 controller + Steam Big Picture so the controls are exactly the same).As most people on here will claim, to which I agree with, there are some optimization issues floating around.  Anything gamebreaking though? Not in the slightest. The vast majority of the issues (of which there aren't too many) relate to display issues and complaints about the FPS cap. In my experience, the open world gameplay and combat is always smooth with the FPS; cutscenes tend to drop some FPS but not terribly so.  There are workarounds to many of the issues (I play in Windowed and then hit alt-enter to expand it) - and I expect patches in the coming days anyhow.I've never seen a perfectly ported game, and NieR hasn't broken that record.  But it's a damn good port among a field of failed ones, and it's a damn good game in itself.  You'll come to love many of the characters and especially the combat I'm willing to bet.  Oh, and I almost forgot, the soundtrack!  Simply one of the most amazing game soundtracks ever created - they never distract and always add to the atmosphere.  NieR:Automata deserves your consideration because it is powerful.  The creators were passionate about this game and wanted it to be amazing, not your standard cookie-cutter AAA title or anything of the sort.  You'll experience haunting, sweet, action-packed, and thought-provoking moments all in one game.Replay is encouraged for more story/endings/achievements you may have missed.  Take your time and enjoy the game - it has plenty of assets to match its price tag :)"
,Recommended,524220,32694502,Posted: 23 June,all,chandrila,"This game is a rare gem - it's deeper than it initially appears and rewards multiple playthroughs. In fact, you'd miss a substantial amount of content by just playing it once.I shan't spoil the story but it's well told, interesting and has some good twists and turns.The world they have designed, though slightly limited in size, has a variety of settings and environments that are distinctive and memorable. This makes the map easy to navigate as well.The repeated playthroughs are well implemented too, with all of your progress, experience, weapons and skills carried over, hugely reducing the repetition that can plague ""new game+"" modes in other games.The characters are memorable and interesting and the voice acting is really solid. The music is excellent and really adds to the atmosphere.The combat mechanics are good and the skill system, which uses swappable plug in chips to boost your character's attributes, is really well thought out too.It's not necessary to have any prior knowledge of the NieR universe before playing, though I understand that there are some references, returning characters etc that I'm sure will delight long-time fans. Personally, I felt that a lot of the gaps in the backstory were to its advantage, as from reading about the prior games online I can't say that magic, dragons and the other elements sit well with the dystopian, sci-fi setting of this game.There is some unnecessary titillation, perhaps not entirely unexpected given the genre and the fact that it's a Japanese game (not wanting to stereotype, but it is a common trope), with the main character 2B's skirt riding up at every opportunity. But ignoring that, the game deals with some quite mature and complex themes and isn't afraid to take the protagonists down some really quite dark paths.I really enjoyed this game and whilst it won't be to everyone's tastes, I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,524220,31553319,Posted: 4 May,all,Czarls - Tohru (Dragon Maid) ✪,Honestly this is the best game i have ever played. Amazing soundtrack. (Stayed in one town for an hour just listening to it) Awesome gameplay. Only downfall is the cutscenes are in 30 fps but there are mods for it. I totally recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,524220,34779211,Posted: 6 September,all,Jussi_FIN,"EDIT: I played 1 hour with new Nvidia drivers and it didn't crash or freeze. Resolution issues still exist.I was very happy that I got this game yesterday on sale, but oh maaaaaan it happened again! Japanese developers just can't make a triple A PC game what works out of the box. Huge resolution problems with 16:10 and 16:9 monitors and crashes. I couldn't even get to first save point when game crashed, so I have to give thumb down.Luckily some gamers have made fixes like (FAR, Fix Automata Resolution), but in my case that doesn't make my game to work like it should and UI/menus are still stretched and ugly.Otherwise game looks and feels very good, it just doesn't work like it should. What a dissapointment, game has been out 6 months now."
,Not Recommended,524220,34781953,Posted: 6 September,all,Callum,No patches
,Not Recommended,524220,31509206,Posted: 2 May,all,Anderson,Save your money and wait for a sale.
76561198001136227,Recommended,524220,30964008,Posted: 5 April,all,Aiken,"I wish that someway, somehowThat I can save everyone of usBut the truth is that I’m only one girlMaybe if I keep believing my dreams will come to lifeCome to life…"
,Recommended,524220,30594027,Posted: 18 March,all,maldoror,"Let's be clear here, I haven't beat this game yet and I am in no hurry to. This is one of those games you load up and it feels like slipping on your favorite pair of shoes, once broken in to the controls and world/lore you just feel extremely comfortable in this game world. I pre ordered this because I wanted something different and perhaps even 'bold' in its design/story/themes and that is exactly what I got in this game. Almost as if this game was designed in its own microcosm where the devs played nothing but Contra(nes), Dark Souls, Gradius and Bayonetta then read Conrad's Heart of Darkness to go to sleep at night after a long day of game design. Is it perfect? No, it has issues at launch and a few workarounds are needed to get above 1080 and borderless window (download borderless gaming 8.4 asap) and the 60fps lock is unfortunate (the 30fps cutscenes downright criminal). None of this is a deal breaker for me but you may want to buy this direct through steam in case you have any issues yourself you can refund easily.If you find yourself interested in this game and you are doing research, watching reviews, streams etc etc do yourself a favor and stop right away and just get the game. Experience this one as fresh and wide-eyed as possible for the most enjoyable time with Nier, otherwise you may lessen the impact and believe me this game will leave an impression on you. Lastly, I just want to say that Nier:Automata has one of the greatest soundtracks ever put in a video game of any kind. Remember that feeling you get from the Diablo 1 guitar theme or all those times you sang Baba-Yetu in the shower (ok maybe that last one was just me) but yea, It's like that.Thanks for reading and I will likely update or rewrite this review upon proper completion."
,Not Recommended,524220,34805109,Posted: 7 September,all,CrykorZ,"The bad pc port makes it hard for me to like this game.I came back to this game recently to see if the port improve, sadly it didnt. There many problems pop up when going fullscreen such as having low res look even at 1080p. The PC controls are horribly optimized and moving the camera with the mouse feels like it has high input lag; though the camera is ok when you get used to it but still. Also my PC specs is similar, if not better, than the recommended specs and still struggle to gain solid fps.I want to get my $60 worth out of this game but these problems makes it very frustrating to play."
76561198141194659,Not Recommended,524220,31619044,Posted: 7 May,all,Tensorflow,"The game optimization is amazingly bad,together with an amazing price .Hard to say it worth buying.SE needs more effort for a praise in PC game fileds.Customer is God not what that SE is trying to fool.Though SE donot think so."
76561198140756877,Recommended,524220,30660761,Posted: 21 March,all,BootyBandit,"I played the firstborn and it was pretty good, but this is amazing.I haven't had this much fun with a single player game for a very long time.10/10 buy this if you have the money and time."
,Recommended,524220,31334166,Posted: 23 April,all,Creamy Goodness,"Yoko Taro is the one true troll fed up with conventional thinking. The man is a basket case in the best way. His madness combined with Platinum Games is pretty amazing.This is the 5th game in the universe (Drakengard & Nier) but you can easily play this without prior knowledge of these titles, though there is a lot of references and plot points that tie these together that you will see throughout the game so if you are a long time fan you will be happy.The game has a lot of different styles wrapped up into a seamless, tight and fluid bow, from bullet hell sequences, 2D platforming, to 3rd person combat and then again to a retro hacking minigame. You might think that this is a very strange combination but I feel the devs have created an instance where they compliment eachother nicely.The story is a quite simple on the surface, but as you play the philosophical and emotional choices and revelations that are ever presented to you as you meet different people and the stories they tell are uncountable and they just keep coming, gradually becoming more amazing and shocking as well as touching you the player on different aspects of your life that you have been through. It is a touching and very sobering experience to the very end, and it will stay with you for a long time.It is also very funny and wacky. The conversations between 2B and 9S with eachother and others will leave you in stitches and sometimes unsettle you due to what they are experiencing as you play. While 2B seems the more adult and professional of the two, 9S has a more 'human' personality that is always trying to keep the mood light, though they are 2 sides of the same coin. Their stories will leave you laughing, crying, happy, sad, angry, reflective and more words I can't think of to describe it. The music is masterful, with each area having their own music, and depending on the situation it can be calming and relaxing then turn into something far more foreboding and urgent. Absolutely beautiful masterpiece. I want to own the OST. I don't own any yet but I want this to be my first.The game has 24 different endings. Granted albiet 5 of them are joke endings, depending on what you do, but of the 5 proper ends they are extremly heartfelt and leave you sitting back trying to hold back tears. You actually feel for these characters. And Pascal. Damn. ♥♥♥♥ing brutal. The sidequests flesh out more of the world and the characters in it; from lesbian android lovers, to revenge for fallen comrades, to Emil. Emil is best character! There is also nice 2B butt.End A and B are in a sense a prelude. This will take you about 10-20hrs. Then once you beat these two the story continues, and continue it does for another good 10-20hrs. Out of the gates it hits hard like a truck on a toddler. It doesn't stop. There are no break on the feel train.You will need to do wheelies to forget your feelies. LOTS OF WHEELIES.10/10 don't forget your tissues."
,Recommended,524220,32667704,Posted: 22 June,all,pygmypiggy,"I've already completed and enjoyed this game on PS4, only to buy it again on PC because I loved it so much.If you're on the fence because of performance issues, I still think you should take the plunge with this game.When I started up the game I had a pop-up on my monitor saying the input was out of range, and the display was blurry.After about 30 minutes of figuring out what was wrong, and installing the FAR mod the issue was quickly solved, and the game was running perfectly.Of course, you may get a completely different outcome. This is a Platinum game on PC afterall, and their games can perform very odd on different hardware configurations. Automata runs excellent for me after a bit of tweaking, but it's hard to say if it will for everyone else.The 2 hour limit of Steam refund is more than enough time to see if the game runs well for you.It took me 30 minutes to tell I was in the clear. If the game is having issues for you even with the FAR mod installed, you can always refund it as long as you have under 2 hours of play time. Definitely check it out if you're worried about performance, but are interested in it."
,Not Recommended,524220,30971887,Posted: 5 April,all,Alchemistmerlin,"While the game is getting a huge amount of praise, the PC port is really bad.  Riddled with bugs and performance issues for some users and completely unplayable for others.AMD users are finding the game crashing to a white screen which can only be fixed by rolling back drivers.  Some nVidia users are finding the screen freezes and, though you can hear the game is still running by the sounds it makes, it does not recover.  Because the game has no save point for a SUBSTANTIAL amount of time at the beginning, these users have no way to progress in the game.The developers have been aware of the issue for some time but, over two weeks from release, they have still not released a patch and it seems unlikely they will do so.With the Steam refund deadline rapidly approaching and with no word on a patch from the devs, I was forced to refund this game.Edit 5/1/2017: A month from launch, the game has been patched.  It did not fix the issues reported here.Edit: 7/8/2017: Three months from launch, this issue has still not been resolved."
76561198067766750,Not Recommended,524220,31660141,Posted: 9 May,all,The Trumpster,"This is a good game, but for god sake do NOT buy it on PC, the port is just god awful."
,Recommended,524220,33134906,Posted: 2 July,all,CMYKristy,"TL/DR:My game of the year. I hope everyone tries this game and experiences it if they have the money. Atleastlisten to the OST if you don't play it. Unfortunately, the PC port is poorly optimized and not keyboard-friendly. Please use Kaldaien's Fix Automata Resolution (FAR) patch to ease both these issues, but it doesn't fix everything.About the DLC: I find it overpriced, but it basically adds an endgame to a game sort of meant to be played ""once"". DLC adds a few costumes and an arena mode (Bloody Palace / Lost Chapter) as well as an item that reduces your player level.---Pros:A tribute to many game genres and tropesThis story will hurt you.You do not need to play the other games in the series to enjoy this one.Soundtrack iswild, on par with the first NiEREnvironments end up feeling like homes.Stylized well enough that the game doesn't take a big hit between low and high settings [may be a con for some, not for me]Subquests, though still tedious, give great extra story and you can complete a lot of them just wandering around.Difficulty is there for those who like a challenge!One of the few games that I excuse lack of auto-save in for actual story reasonsCombat is refreshing and definitely PG-level. The Mahaa-Kalaa counter is also back as a Chip!Plug In Chip system is like Monster Hunter skills: You don't need them to kick machine behind, but they're fun to have and make life easier.You can ride a moose and drift on a boarNot only is fishing easy & calming, it's also never required except for the fishing achievementFather Servo.Cons:You cannot save in the Prologue. If the game crashes or you get 1 or 2-shot playing Hard/Very Hard, you have to start the game over.Hard is BS levels of difficulty above Normal. Very Hard isn't much different from Hard.Also, playing higher difficulties doesn't give you better drops, more money, or more EXP.Consciously Repetitive; the characters complaining that something's tedious doesn't help.Weapons have secondary effects, but usually not enough to feel like overpriced skins.Washed out color schemes similar to Bayonetta 1Challenging endgame? DLC. Over leveled your character too much to enjoy the base game's endgame? DLC.Some things are not worth grinding for.Jean Paul.---The PC portLaptop specs:MSI GS63VR 6RFi7-6700HQGTX 10606GB VRAM, 16GB RAMMy S.O. and I both have this laptop. We aren't PC gaming enthusiasts nor have a lot of experience with optimizing our rigs (we're digital artists).I've only seen 1 or maybe 2 crashes. When running on battery, I can't play the game above 40 FPS on the lowest settings. If it is plugged in, I get 50-60 FPS on medium settings. As seen with FAR, the game's Global Illumination is the biggest offender of the FPS drops. The game is not optimized well and many people report frequent crashes and lag. I know that my S.O. and I see hiccups and tiny freezes mid-game and the 30FPS-locked cutscenes lag like crazy sometimes. I was discouraged when the sound de-synced during a very important cutscene; V-Sync didn't seem to help when he turned it on in the Prologue.If you like playing games on your PS4, I suggest getting the game for console. If you get as many issues as I do or less, please try the game!! It's worth it. Otherwise, I'd refund the PC version.IMO, I'm holding off on getting the DLC until PG's team releases some sort of optimization patch instead of letting Kaldaien hold them up."
,Recommended,524220,31237118,Posted: 19 April,all,Smug Caterino,"This is the first game ever that made me regret killing, technically speaking, my enemies and they weren't even alive...I guess."
76561198071541895,Not Recommended,524220,31814344,Posted: 17 May,all,Alexei101mercurio,"Poor optimization, no official patches. Too bad!"
,Recommended,524220,32858882,Posted: 27 June,all,Yme,"If you are planning to get this game or you're unsure at the moment, here are some things you should know about this game:.-It has beautiful tearjerking stories-In one of your playthroughs you will cry-Hack and Slash similar to DMC-if you run this game on HD you will get eyegasms-Interesting Characters-Amazing Soundtrack-Quest and battle system are fun-It has bullet hell scenarios-Multiple endings (26 in total)-Mesmerizing environments & buttsI get that a lot of players are having trouble running this game, so i recommend you to check online to see if there are problems with this game and your system. For me, this game runs perfectly, no crash/errors, and fps is fixed with the fan-made mod.I recommend anyone who likes RPG and a good story telling to get this game, you won't regret it. It's expensive but if you can get it on sale it is very much worth the price."
76561198097730319,Recommended,524220,33176852,Posted: 3 July,all,nopriorexperience,"Nier: Automata is one of the best experiences gaming has to offer. To thank Yoko Taro and company for this game, I'll explain exactly why I recommend you purchase and experience this title.As a game, there's a unique combination of Hack and Slash action, RPG stat progression, and Bullet Hell gameplay that accels in putting the player in tense situations, using combinations of dodges and slashes to decimate foes into pieces. The action has that smooth feel that you get in a lot of other platnium games like Metal Gear Rising and Bayonetta, made all the more interesting with the bullet-hell components the game has to offer.The game's visuals are pretty to look at too, with stunning landscape visuals (the water effects look particularly good if I don't say so myself), and the designs of characters create a lot of visual interest (even taking into consideration the anime-styled visuals of the game). I understand not everyone is crazy over the stylistic choices that the anime visuals in their games, but it is an aesthetic that is fitting of the type of action you will experience during this game.This game has a quirky sense of humor about itself. There are 21 joke endings in this game, most of which are hinted at as possibilities throughout little hints in the world surrounding the player. Also, considering the fairly dire situation that the game thrusts you into, it's nice that it'll let you spend hours upon end to become the greatest fishing android the world has ever seen (Good Luck catching a swordfish or Beetle Fish, BTW).The music in this game is excellent. This soundtrack places emphasis on using a lot of vocals to create textures along with more traditional elements of ""epic"" gaming music to create a score that conveys the melancholy of the situation at hand. I would go as far as saying this will be remembered as one of gaming's greatest soundtracks.However, if you are getting this game, you should get this game for the narrative it crafts from roughly 30-50+ hours of gameplay (I beat my first playthrough in a little under 40 hours of in-game time). Most games give you a single prespective as a Main Character to experience the narrative and action of a game. Nier: Automata isn't like most games in this regard. In order to truly experience this game, you need to playthrough all the main endings. This isn't something cheap like changing the color of explosions, either. Each ending comes from a unique perspective that challenges you as a player to really think about how you play games.Obviously, no game is perfect, and Nier: Automata does have flaws. However, this story is something that you need to experience, especially if you are a believer in videogames as an artistic medium. Frankly, this is probably one of the best games I have ever played, and I cannot state how much I recommend you give this game a chance and play it to completion."
,Recommended,524220,31683975,Posted: 11 May,all,Nima,my 2nd  pre-order games+ Story+ Game play+ All playable characters+ awesome 2B outfit+ Npc+ Jap language+ Playable many times- Bad port on PC- Fade textures- a few Bugs- Crash sometimes- Loading
76561197999198124,Not Recommended,524220,34762263,Posted: 5 September,all,diegodtm,"I refunded the game because of the bugs and bad optimisation. The game is great and I do own it on PS4, but the pc port is a shame."
,Recommended,524220,33138250,Posted: 2 July,all,A7,"In the beginning, there was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥In the end, it was all a trick.10/10 would get Yoko Taro'd again"
,Not Recommended,524220,33849376,Posted: 27 July,all,Chaosian,"It's a good game, I enjoy playing it.What I don't enjoy are the bi-hourly crashes, and out-of-the-box rendering problems.This game is an utter Technical embarrasment that has more problems with it than anything Bethesda ever♥♥♥♥♥♥out. I would be ashamed to put out a product of this quality for $80.These issues are terminal. It will never be patched."
,Not Recommended,524220,34769564,Posted: 5 September,all,alwaysjacob,"I love this game, and I really want to recommend it...but it's officially been 6 months since release but the devs still have not released a patch to fix some critical bugs, YET they have the nerve to release DLC.It's amazing, but you should not have to use a fan-made patch to make a game run correctly.That being said, get the fan-made patch if you want to play this on pc.I will change this review once this game recieves a patch."
,Recommended,524220,30572422,Posted: 17 March,all,Jackal'D,"Hmm, well again people don't look through the forums or information in the game before they start to complain. I've seen threads where people can't see that the game asks you to start before editing some settings. For me, the game runs really well, on all high except v-sync set to off.At the beginning you are faced with a side scroller / top down combat scenario, which I didn't think would be in the game. But it was actually really good and it encouraged me to become interested in the story.The only thing i'd say is that the game runs at 60fps throughout the fight scenes, but goes back down to 30fps in the cut scenes, but for me I don't mind.My system isn't the best either ( AMD 290, FX 8350, 16GB RAM)I will edit this review as I play more, but I wanted to post something as the complaints aren't all justified.Be warned: There isn't any auto-save feature haha, I made that mistake. I was 30mins in and totally forgot.Edit: This game is so good, it's just relentless with the difficulty. I really enjoy this game, you are really on edge, and you can't wait to get stuck in."
,Not Recommended,524220,30724790,Posted: 25 March,all,Kathars1s,"Can't really recommend a game you may or may not be able to even play, when it costs this much. It's been out this long and so far I can't even see an acknowledgment of the various issues, let alone a patch. The game looks fun fom the 15 minutes I can play before the ""white screen"" crash.I'd rather not have to get a refund, so please just fix it.edit~I haven't forgotten to revise my review. There just still hasn't been much word on the issue. No game plan, no time frame, not even a 'yes, it will be fixed'.It's rather pitiful at this point."
,Recommended,524220,30822407,Posted: 29 March,all,Nickro666,"782/10, best game in recient 5 years or soPure masterpiece"
76561198014665763,Not Recommended,524220,33158164,Posted: 2 July,all,Rufus,If they haven't made any attempt to fix this broken mess by now then it's unlikely they are ever going to. It's a shame; it's a good game and I'd love to give it a positive review but the pc port is terrible.
76561198044335885,Not Recommended,524220,34784381,Posted: 6 September,all,mono_freak,"Great game but no patches since launch, only an expensive DLC, cant enjoy it with those bugs."
,Recommended,524220,33163142,Posted: 2 July,all,lazerllamaz,"Absolutely beautiful graphics, a unique story, and fun, DarkSouls-y gameplay."
76561198201842356,Not Recommended,524220,31799700,Posted: 16 May,all,Gazza,"Great game, poor optimization."
,Recommended,524220,31468560,Posted: 30 April,all,Jiufu,"Squeenix strikes again, this time with 50% satisfying gameplay and 50% trying to get an angle on 2B's♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would get a robot gf again"
76561198060760163,Not Recommended,524220,34812589,Posted: 8 September,all,kyina-lok,"Beautiful, amazing game, but if at all possible do not buy for the PC. The only way I was able to make it run smoothly on my computer involved a 3rd party mod and some settings being altered from the outside of the game. Otherwise the game runs at barely 10fps and the visuals lag behind the audio ques to the point that the game is unplayable.That being said this game is amazing, a moving story with fun fast paced hack and slash action and a hauntingly beautiful soundtrack I had to track down right away.Final thought. This game makes me fear how badly ffXV will be ported to the pc."
76561198089346148,Recommended,524220,30763943,Posted: 26 March,all,Fukuzi,"If you like kingdom hearts, buy this game. If you like final fantasy, buy this game. If you like club penguin, buy this game. JUST BUY THE FCKIN GAME. WE GOT SWORDS, HOT ANDROIDS AND BLOOD"
,Recommended,524220,32733933,Posted: 24 June,all,La Montagne,"There are two types of games I cannot stand: Anime games, and beat-em-up games.This is the greatest game I have ever played despite that.It is the only game I recommend buying at full price.Buy this game, install the FAR mod, then don't play anything else until you complete it. More feels than the entire Mass Effect series and Metal Gear series combined."
,Recommended,524220,31193712,Posted: 16 April,all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"Great looking game with an unreal soundtrack. Tons of flexibility in your loadout for optimal robo-killing. Story is just fantastic, and if you dont do the additional playthroughs your really missing out on at least half the game. Some great feels moments... and if you dont get them than you're pretty much worse than a machine. Worth full price, no question."
,Recommended,524220,33623864,Posted: 17 July,all,AutoBans,"Bought this game expecting boob and butt, ends up on a feel train.Perphaps this game might even get an GOTY.The game hasAmazing musicAwesome combat with many combosChallenging bullet hell battleStressful minigame with a mouseDifferent camera angles to keep thing freshAmazing characters and storiesUnique endingsRoller coasters of feelsBeautiful sceneryAND MOST IMPORTANTLYBoob and ButtHighly recommended a controllerHighly recommends to buy this game even in full priceThank you Platinum Games for creating a masterpiece."
,Recommended,524220,30823080,Posted: 29 March,all,MechaMike,"+ good combat+ good characters+ good story+ good music+ game length is long- story B can be a bit repetitive (but story C makes up for it IMO)-running back and forth across the world can get old pretty quick (but this becomes a nonissue when you unlock fast travel)As for performance I personally had a solid 60fps throughout the entire game (FPS is locked to 60)Summary: if you are on the fence about getting this game I would say give it a go, it's pretty damn unique and was a joy to play through.AlsoHow can you say no to 2B?"
76561198044846795,Recommended,524220,33146621,Posted: 2 July,all,Azriel Angelus,"Holy hell the gameplay is beautiful, combine that with the atmospheric hauntingly beautiful music and this game is a 10 out of 10, the only problem has been all of the technical issues, but if they ever do get completely fixed buy it"
76561198022859266,Recommended,524220,33154631,Posted: 2 July,all,RCG,"Well that was heavyer than I had expected. It is also my new favorite game, you should probably play it make sure you play it all the way to the end though. Seriously don't give up :("
76561198103252185,Recommended,524220,32923617,Posted: 28 June,all,monkaS,+Godly OST+Deep Storyline+Awesome Gameplay+PLATINIUM+10/10 would recommend
76561198118579358,Not Recommended,524220,31798516,Posted: 16 May,all,Tyrion_Lord_Imp,"**Thank you for contacting the Square Enix Support Centre.We are sorry to hear that you are having issues with NieR: Automata,Please note that there is no confirmation on a patch coming out or when it will do. We are currently looking into issues that might be in the game to improve it but we cannot provide any confirmation on when or if any updates will be released.We hope this information has cleared the confusion for you. If you do have any other queries, please contact us again. We apologise for any inconvenience causedKind regards,The Square Enix Support Centre team**Yes, thank you for clearing my confusion about whether you give a damn about releasing a quality product, the feedback from your customers, and whether you even care about your own reputation."
,Not Recommended,524220,35076330,Posted: 19 September,all,LongDevil,"I can't stand playing this game 15 minutes at a time between crashes. It's shameful that Square Enix can't be bothered to patch technical issues in what is otherwise a great game.If you have a Nvidia 780 series, don't even bother. There's a bug specific to that card that crashes the game and Nvidia's driver update nor FAR mod fix it."
76561198017818962,Not Recommended,524220,31790835,Posted: 16 May,all,KINAO AVALANXUDO,"amazingo game, terrible port"
,Recommended,524220,30578666,Posted: 17 March,all,Thanadrax💜,"Well.The prologue was awesome. I'll update review as soon as i will finish this game!So far, no problems with FPS and such. The combat system is impressive, and i also somehow find these robots cute. Awesome!"
76561198380003561,Not Recommended,524220,31666150,Posted: 10 May,all,bmaiden,"Completely Garbage PC Port. DO not waste your money.  Couldnt make it past 15 minutes in.  If you have an AMD GPU buyer beware, because the developer is apparently incompetent.  Complete Waste of time and money, worthless port."
,Not Recommended,524220,31710164,Posted: 12 May,all,elfaia,Fix the damn game ffs.
,Recommended,524220,31021690,Posted: 8 April,all,JonTerp,"Nier Automata isn't for everyone, and I think that is one of the game's biggest strengths. If you have the patience and an open mind there is a lot to enjoy here.The game definitely is a slow burn, it took about 6 hours for the game to really take off. The combat has difficulty spikes as vicious as in any other Platinum game and good parts of the story come much later on but, if you've got the patience I highly recommend sticking with the game.What you get for sticking around is a unique story focusing on the relationships between characters rather than on the overall state of the world. It's not the best writing but the art style and general presentation make up for it in spades. The voice acting is stellar, and all parts of the english localization are great.The star of the show though, is the phenominal soundtrack by composer Okabe Keiichi. It's easily one of my favorite original soundtracks and I highly recommend you pick up a copy of the OST."
,Recommended,524220,30575707,Posted: 17 March,all,Lerggio,"My Machine: EVGA 980Ti SC, i5-4690k, on SSD, latest Nvidia Drivers.Ran really bad from the beginning, 30-40fps maxed, and was really sad, then I realized I had outdated drivers so I updated them to 378.78 and I now get constant 60fps at 1080p. Remember to update your drivers.Having a blast with this game, can wait to do a self-desruct run.EDIT: Reports say that there are full screen issues. I am playing this windowed but no borderless option so I am using the program Borderless Gaming. Looks better."
76561198078193151,Recommended,524220,31453331,Posted: 29 April,all,Pandachibikinz,Wow nothing else needs 2B said.
,Not Recommended,524220,32033974,Posted: 28 May,all,educobuci,"The worst PC port on my library, period. The full-screen doesn't work properly, the resolution is displayed incorrectly, for instance, if you peek 1080p or higher it will only render 720p (or something as low), it only works in windowed mode and still ridiculously demanding game for a so-so graphics. I've a GTX 1080 Ti, i7 7700k and 16GB or RAM, I can barely play it at 1440p!If that wasn't enough, this game uses the Denuvo crap. From time to time it refuses to open and all I can do is try again and again to play a game I freaking bought.Now regarding the game content, the beginning of the game is really cool but as soon as you get through the first half, it really goes down. This and the horrible port makes this game a big disappointment.Just don't buy it."
,Recommended,524220,31419609,Posted: 28 April,all,Ushio,">bought this game for 2B>play with Japanese voiceline>oh my god 2B has a sexy voice.......>google ""2B"" keyword only > now completely filled with this 2B>danbooru donmai > saw a lot 2B rule 34 pics > my god..... she such a........ [spoiler♥♥♥♥♥♥/spoiler]>nhentai > saw 2B doujin but not much11/10 would research about 2B againbest play with Controller and FAR installedno whitescreen issues on my Radeon card (WHQL Relive driver)"
,Not Recommended,524220,31166960,Posted: 15 April,all,Chouettechouette,"At this moment I cannot recommend purchasing the game on PC. I have an Nvidia GTX 780 and even after updates and playing with various settings I continue to experience white screen crashes in game (where the screen goes white/freezes but the game continues to play in the background). I can't get past the prologue. I have replayed it quite a few times in an attempt to get to a point where I can save, but no luck.I really wish I could play this game. It looks amazing and I'm sure it deserves all the praise, but the technical issues that have continued for nearly a month without much response from the devs is disheartening. I'll hold onto it in the hopes that I'll be able to enjoy it in the future."
,Recommended,524220,31598885,Posted: 7 May,all,Mick Churro,"I rarely review stuff, but this game merits it.I'm not really a fan of JRPGs.  Generally, they're just not my thing.  It's also uncommon for me to pay full price for a game.  But something about it caught my eye (other than 2B's butt), and I can comfortably say it's worth every penny.It has traditional RPG elements like leveling up, doing side quests, upgrading weapons, etc.  The combat is fairly fast-paced, and while not overly complicated, it held my interest.  At first, the changes from third person RPG to bullet hell to 2.5D side-scroller were kind of jarring, but you get used to them pretty quickly.The director, Yoko Taro, is a pretty eccentric guy, and it shows.  The game has a lot of personality, from the ridiculous 21 joke endings to the witty dialogue.  Keep in mind, the game requires multiple playthroughs.  When you get Ending A, you're not even close to done.  Route B, playing through as 9S, is essentially the same thing with added bits of backstory to various things like bosses and areas that weren't explained in the initial playthrough.  Route C is where the story and characters really kick off.  The phrase ""tragically beautiful"" comes to mind.In my opinion, where the game really shines is its story and characters.  The writing is wonderful, the characters are engaging, and by the end it's difficult not to be emotionally invested.Speaking of which, fair warning:  this game will rip out your soul, curbstomp it, put it back together, throw glitter all over it, and hand it back to you.  No other game has made me cry like a little girl this many times.  Maybe I'm a softie, I dunno.  The ending sequence in particular hit me like a freight train, in part because of the music.Speaking of the music, NieR's soundtrack is one of the best video game OSTs I've heard.  It's just plain awesome.The PC port does have some technical issues that you may or may not encounter, though.  Originally, I had an issue with the game not displaying at 1920x1080, instead being a smaller screen with large black borders.  There's a very quick user-made fix for it, and after that I had no problems running it whatsoever.Overall, it's a fantastic game, and has earned a place among my absolute favorites.Come for 2B's butt-drying mechanics, stay for the soul-crushing story."
,Recommended,524220,30676111,Posted: 22 March,all,SenorDJButterCups,"A masterpiece of a game.With NieR Gestalt/Replicant not selling very well, i'm so glad that this sequel even exists at all. NieR: Automata excels at everything that makes this a NieR game and have improved upon almost about every aspect from the original. Yoko Taro the director of this game along with Keiichi Okabe the composer of the beautifully written music of NieR have partnered with Platinum Games who are known for their action titles such as Bayonetta and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance, making what was lacking in the first game top notch.NieR: Automata is an open world action RPG set in the beautifully desolate far future of Earth where machines run rampant. The gameplay of NieR: Automata is mainly a hack and slash action game, but will switch up the camera orientation from third person to side scroller or top down in certain events to keep the game fresh with new perspectives. The game also mixes in bullet hell elements: allowing some enemies to shoot slow persistent projectiles making evading a fun challenge. Dodging is an essential part of the game as you can also pull off perfect evade to perform a flashy dodge which then will allow you to keep up your combo streak and even counter attacking.Customizing is a big part of this game, weapon types (small swords, large swords, spears and combat bracers) can be set in your light/heavy attacks allowing you to pull off different attacks depending if the weapon is equipped on light or heavy. Any combination of weapons used will have two unique weapon combo animation. Example light attack then interrupted by heavy attack will perform a new attack and vice versa. And depending on the weapon, some weapons have more light attack combos than heavy attack combos allowing the animation to be continued longer so choose your weapons wisely for your light/heavy attack slots.You can always customize your “plug-in chips” to alter your stats for your character to play the way you like. For example, you can increase additional health if you are a masochist and like getting damaged a lot, or if you are feeling like a turtle, nothing like a turning yourself into sonic won’t fix. For pod skills, you can customize your pods to perform special skills that go on a cool down system after being used, additionally you can find extra pods that have unique primary fires.For Platinum Game’s first open world game, don’t expect much, the world is decent for a first, on the bright side: great level design with well thought out hidden rooms, treasure placements and overall a beautiful world.Side quests are often pretty bland to complete, but some are exceptionally good and will give more insight about the story, history, characters and world of NieR.For fans of the first game, oh boy are you in for a surprise. There are tons of easter eggs and great references to the first.For the main story, it's extremely well thought out and convoluted, great pacing and may leave you in tears. Not going to write much about it as it is something that needs to experienced for yourselves to fully enjoy. After beating the game for the first time, beat it again to complete route B in a second playthrough. Trust. You won't regret it. Words cannot explain the great conclusion to this amazing game. (Route E)Issues:Currently there are some performance issues in the game which will hopefully be fixed soon.After passing 1600x900 in screen resolution with full screen on: the screen is stretched making the game blurry. This however can be fixed by using a program called “Borderless Gaming” which is free program, but can also be purchased on steam to support the developer.Recommendations:Use a controller to play this game, as the game was originally designed for the PS4.Try to avoid searching on youtube with anything NieR related because spoilers may popping up in the recommended videos, which may kill your experience.Don’t forget to adjust your rotation sensitivity if it’s too sensitive, there are options for it.CategoryScoreGameplay9/10Story10/10Graphics8/10Music11/10Overall9.5/10"
76561198002978631,Recommended,524220,31756429,Posted: 14 May,all,decaiy,"I am playing games constantly since 1990 on all consoles and PC.To clarify: never played Drakengard or Nier.Well, this is it.It's an amazing game where Story, Gameplay, Art-Design, World-Design, Sound, Length and replayability all meets together to form aMasterpiece.This is coming from someone who is no fan of the game-mechanic that Platinium creates.Let's not talk about the gameworld and story they usually make..[rant-ish]For all those who are complaining why the DLC got released while the port still needs fixing, here is a littleexample from the game-developement world:The guy who makes textures is done with his job on the game.He gets assigned to make content for the DLC, while the game is still in developement.This is why releasing a DLC after the release is not as timeconsumpting like fixing bugs.Fixing bugs and creating DLC content are not even related with each other.The coder doesn't sit in a room and draws concept-art, likewise the game designer won't try to fix their code.Maybe they even outsourced the job for porting it to the PC because it's not their expertise.So why get mad at them and leave bad reviews for a game which would deserve much more sales than otherbug-infested, stale and re-run titles?[/rant-ish]_____Specs:I5 3570K @ 4.0GHZAMD Radeon 2908GbSSDI had no issues at all on my PC after a simple fix which gave meconstant 60 fps @ true 1080pthrough all the 4 endings.The only thing I had to do is get rid of FAR, which just worsened playability, and get the WindowedBorderlessGaming App running, then switch from Fullscreen and V-Sync On to Windowed and V-Sync off everytime I start up the game.For those with the jetsound bug: set your sound to mono, then back to stereo.(I did not encounter this problem personally)for both bypasses you need to save the settings at each step. example:Fullscreen-> Windowed-> Apply, V-Sync ON-> V-Sync OFF-> Apply..."
,Recommended,524220,30784713,Posted: 27 March,all,Yoori,"Wow, I honestly don't even know where to start with this review. I have not been blown away by a game on this level in such a long time and I feel somewhere in my heart I won't find another game to match this feeling at all. I had high expectations for NieR:Autotmata but it surpassed it in every single way. The story was told beautifully and was very complex and deep. The music for the game was absolutely stunning and easily one of the best OST I have heard in a game. I don't believe there was a single piece of music from this game that I didn't like. I'm going to try and keep this review fair with my pros and cons with it, as well as avoid any major spoilers as much as possible.StoryI can't delve too far into the story without spoiling anything but I can give a little insight on it. NieR:Automata is a sequel from the Original NieR game, but it's not connected where you have to play the original NieR to understand this game. From what I've read as I did not play the original NieR, this game takes place thousands of years after the original. There are a few tidbits that will make reference to the original and a few characters from the original do make a return but nothing that will hamper you from playing the game. The story starts off about a war between androids and machines  who were created by aliens. Humanity had to escape to the moon in order to survive and sent androids to rid the machines and aliens so life on earth can resume once again. As you progress through the game, you will see how deep it really begins to hit, how little things that seemed insignificant at first actually play a deeper role in the meaning of the story. Taro Yoko did a fantastic job at a story that really toys with the ""what does it mean to be human"" aspect and that made the story that much stronger and hold a bigger connection with it.GraphicsThe graphics for this game were absolutely beautiful. From the crisp feel of the grassland, to how clear the water looks, excellent lens flair from the sun and overall textures of your surroundings. I will admit (which I will touch more in the cons) there are some areas that look lackluster graphic wise, however the overall world of NieR has beautiful graphics that really set the mood for what is happening at that moment.SoundtrackThis soundtrack was phenomenal. As I said before, I can't think of a single piece of music from this game that I didn't like. I am honestly one of the people who hate vocals in game music, except for maybe credits or a cutscene, but then I played this game and the vocals with the music blew me away. I really love the idea they did with the music where it will change based on the mood of the game, whether it's a scripted event or just completing a quest. A quest or scripted event will change based on the mood of that moment. It's fantastic and it makes the game have a stronger connection as during those moments you see how music can quickly change your overall mood within the game and what's going to happen next.GameplayVery interesting with how this game has played out. It's a hack and slash game, but also carries aspects of Bullet Hell, Open World exploration and of course an RPG/JRPG. A few of my friends have compared aspects with the game having a feel of Dark Souls and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance which I won't argue their points with that.One thing I really liked is the Network System that was added in. Basically if you choose to connect to that, any player who has died in a certain spot in the world, you will find their body which you can choose to retrieve and in turn will give you a certain amount of Gold and a temporary boost to 3 stats. You can also choose to revive them and have them as a temporary ally to help you fight until they either die or blow up from being alive for too long or you leaving them behind by dashing faster than they can hope to keep up with you.ConsOnto the cons which I know can either break a deal for people but I want to be fair with this review.- The game had a bumpy launch, I won't even try to deny that. It was bumpy as it there were some users who couldn't play the game on a 960m, 960, 970, RX 480 and even the Pascal GPUs. People were mentioning either really low FPS, white screens or flat out crashes. This had me worried as I was planning to play the game on 4k, while most of these people were on 1080p and having these issues. Thankfully this was not an issue for me and 4k ran without any issues. Some people in the community have made their own little fixes for now that can help you play the game or get the desired FPS if you're playing on a lower-end system. The devs are working on their own patches on this game to get everything up and running for everyone.- Cut scenes are capped to 30 FPS. Capped FPS is a word that will turn a lot of people off and I don't blame you. The cut scenes would look absolutely stellar if they were uncapped, even with the cap I love how the graphics look for cut scenes. I can only wait until they're uncapped. Some users have mentioned the audio isn't fully correct in the cut scenes and that FPS can also tank; I have not had any of those happen to me but I want to mention it just as a small heads up.- Apparently the game was locked at 900 resolution for users, even if you had a monitor with a much higher resolution. This wasn't the case for me, but others have to use 3rd party programs such as Borderless Window in order to have the max resolution of their monitor.- Earlier I mentioned there were some parts of the game that had poor graphic spots. Most of the time I noticed this by windows where the sun was showing in, where the glare from the sun would look a little blurry and/or pixelated. TheCastle in the Forestis the best example I can think of with this issue. Other than that, I've only really seen it a few times when near water and at a weird camera angle.- This personally isn't a con for me, but I know it will be a con to others. This game can be tedious at the start. You will be doing a lot of back tracking until you progress far enough into the story where you can freely transport between places you have discovered. Quests will have you running back and forth. Item collection will require you to grind enemies to further increase your level and give you items to survive at the later levels. If you're someone who enjoys this stuff, it won't be a con at all for you, but I know some people prefer to play games as quickly as possible without having to grind or backtrack a lot.Summary- Fantastic story that has a deep meaning behind it and really sucks you into the world of NieR. A very serious, touching and at times has it's funny moments.- Music that keeps the mood and setting of the game which further delivers the experience to you and makes the moment feel more alive that it would be without the music.- Beautiful graphics that really shine no matter where you're at in the world, giving you a whole new outlook on what is around you at those times and scenery you won't forget.- Gameplay was a perfect mix of adventure, attacking and of course story telling. Enemies scale with your level and the world around you changes as time goes on.-2B's thighs thoConclusionNieR was the perfect game for me. Honestly it messed me up after finishing what routes I've finished already because I feel in my heart I won't find a game to match this story. I have never felt connected to a story at all, especially on an emotional level, but NieR honestly went above and beyond my exceptions with everything that came with it. It has easily become one of, if not my favourite game. It's a game I will always cherish to own and be a part of. The story, gameplay, music. 10/10.I honestly cannot recommend a game more than Nier;Automata and I hope Taro Yoko gets the recognition he deserves from this masterpiece!"
,Recommended,524220,30595637,Posted: 18 March,all,NyxCrab,"First things first, let's get the stuff about the port out of the way.Yes, the port isn't the best. But it's servicable. It helps if you mess around with the settings. Play the game in windowed mode and not only will it perform better but it'll actually render 1080p and above resolutions instead of just upscaling 900p. Because of this I highly recommend installing ""Borderless Gaming"" or something similar so you can run the game without a visible window while still being in windowed mode. Next, lower or completely turn off AA in the settings, then force FXAA from the Nvidia Control Panel or whatever the equivelent is for AMD. It will make the game look and run better. Once you do this, just be aware that: The KB+M controls are kinda bad and a controller is highly recommended. If you're using a Playstaion 4 controller, you'll need DS4Windows to let the game recognize it.Now, onto the game itself:It's fantastic. The gameplay is a mix of hack n slash and bullet hell that is challenging yet usually not unfair. It's fast and require quick reflexes, especially on higher difficulties. The bosses are also a ton of fun that are all unique from one another. Most of them have bullet hell as part of the fight but there's usually still plenty of time to get melee hits in. The characters are really well done and there's no weak character story wise, each one has their own personality that makes them stand out, and all of them are enjoyable in some way. The story itself will leave you near tears at some points, because it does get fairly depressing, but it's still one of the best stories in a game out there atm. The open world itself has a ton of varied and really cool areas to explore, such as an abandoned city that really feels empty outside of a few areas, and a desert that's vast and seems like it goes on forever. And last but not least, the soundtrack to the game is phenomenal. It's easily one of the best soundtracks you'll hear in any game, and the songs themselves play a big part in the game so I'd highly recommend not listening to your own music while in story heavy parts of the game, as the in game music adds so much to the experience."
,Recommended,524220,33164458,Posted: 2 July,all,Badruborg,"I actually did not play the first NieR. You don't necessarily need to enjoy the gameplay of this game but certain story elements, as a friend informed me who had played the first game did matter, so, knowing some summary of it could be helpful. However, this is a story rich game that took some unexpected twists and turns. Some of them are extremely well executed. Others, could require some work. However, the gameplay and aesthetics of this game is awesome! I think it is one of those games that challenges you a lot and makes you quick to respond, strategise and also cut and slash and shoot your way through. Once you mastered it, owned it, it stays with you. It makes you feel something; like you have accomplished something. Not ever game can do that but NieR:Automata does do that. I also bought the DLC and it does enrich the universe you play in. However, the DLC could have had more stuff in itThe emotional impact of this game is enormous. When you try on New Game+ it makes you play as other characters and then continues the story. What you thought would be action/adventure and romance story spirals into a story of deep existential elements, socio-politics, lies, truths, philosophies, identities and the soul. Route A already touches on memory and existence as androids have the ability to change bodies after ""temp-death."" This, however, is shown to be more of a curse than a blessing. The game teases us by giving us sterotypical elements at first, attempts at cheesy or even genuine romance and fanservice then tilts on its head beautifully. In a way, that makes you think in a good way. As one reviewer said here, you don't need to be a philospher to understand things in this game, it talks about the essence of the everyday, the body and how we enshrine identity with spirit and soul.In the game, Aliens have invaded earth and the last effort of humanity to escapen extinction is to go to the moon. The YoRHa corporation is a corporation that has made special elite androids who are designed for combat. The bio-machines in the game which the Aliens bought have also shown some level of consciousness. 2B, the first android you play with, is a detached, desensitised and beautiful warrior. She is paired up the jovial and kind 9S. Their match seems perfect — she is taciturn and he is vocal — she is ruled by duty, he by curiosity — she is a workaholic and he likes exploration. Theirs is a sweet foil and the game introduces its romance elements with them.However by Route B and C you see the plot spiral into a positively addictive chaos that you have to know the secrets of YoRHa and the enigmatic android, A2. The gameplay is pretty consistent with this. You gain a different set of skills with each character and that makes gameplay engaging and fun.Route A — 2B's route is muscle heavy and combat heavy with double swords and melee attacksRoute B — 9S's route is full of heavy combat but includes hackingRouet C — a fusion of all possible gameplayNow for Specifics:Gamplay 9/10 —  It is challenging and tough in a positive wayStory 7/10 — Despite its great themes and engaging narrative it feels there could be more. It has the potential to be moreGraphics 10/10 — The garphics run smoothly enough. There is great detail to the angle of the sun and the refraction/reflection of light in waterAesthetics 10/10 — This game knows beauty. There is one are in a desert that used to be a housing place and the warmth coated by the sun in that place evokes both beauty and nostalgia. One of the best in gaming.NG+ 9/10 — Definitely engaging. I hate that the prologue has to be played for 30-40 minutes straight before you get to save point as the game doesn't auto-save. This reason is for the fact androids can be replicated thus this is for narrative purposes. And, guess what, you need to collect your old body nor else you lose the custom mods you made to your body.Endings 9/10 — This game has 26 endings. Only A, B, C, and D are main endings with True Ending being E. Keep you entertained but there can be more in them.Music 10/10 — From hautingly beautiful scores of song sang in the desert to the emotional ballads of the battles. Music is a masterpiece in this game.DLC 7/10 — Despite its great little gifts and good attempts to expand the universe of this game I wish there were more good short stories in this addition.Overall, NieR:Automata is a game that shows nothing is pure black or white. It is the greyzone we usually uinhabit as people and the game challenges us to see that. To see the repercussions of war, the conflicts within onself and the contradictions we ignore, the paradoxes of life and how we like our everyday.Now For the SPOILER HEAVY REVIEW:This game challenges how and what you think. It does not do it in a problematic way. It has elements of transhumanism and posthumanism as well. Though you do not need to understand those elements to be able to enjoy this game. The game makes you question war, socio-politics and the way memory, logic, emotion, identity, existence and soul operates. It on its surface plays at first on the stereotypes of romance though trying to say a genuine love story.2B is paired up with 9S. She is initially aloof and seems cold towards him but then she warms up to him to the point you feel she needs him. 9S, already having a crush on her, seems to want and need the older woman himself. What happens fist is a journey of some enlightenment and you feel by the end of Route A, 2B and 9S have found hope and love with each other.This all changes in Route B. In fact, by Route C the game explores trauma, grief and madness. The amicable and kind 9S degenrates into a bloodthirsty killing machine. He kills machines with such impunity and hatred that we ourselves question his actions. Machines who are living are discarded by him as nothing but pieces of metal while they beg for their lives. Not every game can degenerate a seeming hero into a villain but I commend this game for doing this. The love he felt for 2B becomes nothing but selfish desire to justify all his actions and in the end he is  a former shell of himself and the game blatantly shows how he, starting with contadictions and a small prejudice towards machines, becomes a full blown racist and pretty much undeserving of 2B.The true hero of this game is A2. She starts out as  a villain but I give the game props for shifting roles and making her into a hero. She is shown to be loyal, truthful and redemptive. Only she pulls through where 2B wanted and she gives a better closure to all of us. The POD AI in this game also play a role in the end. You see them that they have started treauring the androids and you start to treasure them as well.The DLC 3C3C1D119440927 expands the consciousness story of machines and touches into othering and disability politics. You play in coliseums where either machines are enslaved to fight gladiator battles to amuse androids, are trying out rules in a lifestyle or are fighting to become strong. It says the story of Plato 1728 a seemingly ""defective"" android who glitches and cannot seem to fight well; not to forget to mention he is also a pacifist. The game throws you into the shoes of machines and their lifestory. You explore the factory again from the perspective of machines, who are like overworked employees trying to please unseen bosses. Everything is worked with groans and efficiency. In such a structured and relentlessly hegemonic setting you have the vulnerable and compassionate Plato 1728. It is not Plato 1728's fault that he was assembled with issues. His oil leaks and while you move him he glitches. It actually shows you the frustration of someone who actually has problems like this and I HIGHLY commend this game for doing that. For showing the individual problems of people have merit. I wished it gave more in this tradition.The DLC and the game are really masterpieces in their own right. That much is certain."
76561197999589248,Not Recommended,524220,31660086,Posted: 9 May,all,Asian McLovin,"I have AMD RX480, Game still has white screen crashes. Don't buy if you have a AMD driver, you will be disapointed.I would leave a nice review, but since i was unable to pass 20mins into the game, I'll say what I can.(No auto save/Checkpoint system till you pass a certain point in the game)Graphics are nice, but the pre-render choppy cut scenes are a turn off.Little FPS drops at time, but not horrible.I would love to play this game, but sadly I have to refund due to White screen of death.(I don't want to install a old driver just to play this game)Graphics: 8/10Soundtrack: 7/10Gameplay: 7/10PC port: 0/10"
,Recommended,524220,30668785,Posted: 22 March,all,🅱️owe ☿,10/10Very nice android♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,524220,30741847,Posted: 25 March,all,Bamanboi,"So this is gonna be a strange and short review.I can't deny that it's good but I think it's boring as heck so here's a reviewBasically I just think killing robots is boring.Gameplay design is good, graphics are good, characters are good (2B is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, map design is nice, the areas look really nice.Story sounds like it's incredible but I can't be bothered to go through it because I just find the gameplay aspect of the game really boring, the combat just isn't satisfying to me because the enemies are boring and the deaths are incredibly lame (they just fall over and explode pretty much).If they put some more detail into visual damage etc, I'd probably enjoy the combat, but majority of games where you fight robots seem to just have this really lame design where the robots just fall over and explode and I just can't enjoy the combat when it isn't satisfying.Apparently you will also be wearing the same outfits through the entire game, seeing as there aren't armors or anything, but there's a fair amount of weapon variety.TLDR; If you don't mind fighting incredibly similar looking robots over and over again that have incredibly lame deaths and wearing the same outfit through the entire game, I would recommend it."
,Recommended,524220,30576821,Posted: 17 March,all,John Travoltage,"If you are a fan of the previous nier than you will probably like this. Don't want to say too much, but performance is fine atleast on a high end rig (easily getting 60fps, 1440p max settings with a 1070). Only problems are if you don't like the genre (some schmup, simple character action game, think transformers devastation, but with way simpler combos). Music, setting, story, style, animations are all top notch. Only thing that kind of lacks is that some areas are a bit bland, but it looks impressive where it counts.Fullscreen seems to be bugged, so you have to use windowed to get the proper res. Some cutscenes also seem to drop to 15fps, even though they are prerendered at 30 (I think, on the ps4 demo I saw the same cutscenes and didn't notice anything). I'm not sure about performance on low end machines, or how KB+M controls are.The only other thing is to be careful when you start the game, don't want to spoil it, but there is a decent amount of gameplay without any save points, so you don't really want to die and have to do it again, first time through I wouldn't go higher than normal, atleast until a save point."
76561197974633650,Recommended,524220,33901686,Posted: 30 July,all,themalcos,"One section had the hairs on the back of my neck stand up - I haven't had that happen to me in a video game since I was a child. A fantastic experience, all of the elements - story, music and gameplay - are top notch here. This is a work of art."
,Not Recommended,524220,31811713,Posted: 17 May,all,notdave,"780 Ti here.  I can't play the game for longer than a few minutes before it soft locks.  I've tried everything under the sun, but it always happens at some point.  It's a shame the PC release of this game is in such a bad place.  I've given them over a month (maybe 2 by now...), they've released DLC, but haven't fixed any of the glaring, game breaking issues.  (Full-Screen issues, soft-locks, etc...)  It's a terrible way to treat any customer, much less a long time fan.  Both Platinum and Square Enix should be ashamed.If you have a 780 Ti, do not buy this game.  It will not work, Period."
,Recommended,524220,33119376,Posted: 2 July,all,Scott2002,Pros-Story-Music [Very cool really FIT the situation]-Combat system-Voice actor [English and Japanese really suit character]-Character design-GraphicCons-Low end PC can't play this game.-AI get really annoying sometime.> I did not end this game yet. So.......This is >>>>>>>>>>NOT A FULL REVIEW <<<<<<<<<
,Not Recommended,524220,31667752,Posted: 10 May,all,DustyShinigami,"A great game, one I would love to recommend, but one that's sadly let down by an awful port. The game is plagued by technical issues that still haven't been fixed and most likely never will thanks to Square Enix. The lack of support and communication is shocking, frankly. And it's pretty pathetic that a gamer - a customer - has had to create a mod to fix a number of issues that the developers haven't bothered to address. And then they have the cheek to charge £39.99 as well as some DLC that costs extra.From resolution issues. to white screen crashes, choppy pre-rendered cutscenes, bugs/glitches, frame rate drops, stutter/hitching, misleading graphics settings (anti-aliasing that uses MSAA but doesn't say, which can lead to confusion as to why the frame rate is hit hard), and the fact that some people still can't play it and won't be able to unless it gets patched.If you plan on buying I'd strongly advise waiting until it's greatly reduced and use the FAR mod."
76561198042499417,Not Recommended,524220,31709321,Posted: 12 May,all,Zone,The gameplay itself is pretty good but for now I can't recomend this game. Its filled with bugs that impact screen resolution and even game performance on high end cards. Even worse is that this game has been out for 2 months and has not recieved one patch to fix it but has recieved dlc and I can't condone such actions. Its not up to modders to fix your game Sqeenix and until you get a patch to fix these easy to fix bugs then I say stay away from this game
76561198080512995,Not Recommended,524220,31700922,Posted: 12 May,all,INFERNO,This game is great and amazing but i keep getting crashes and white screen during the tutorial and having to restart all over again to repeat the same process.Please fix the PC port asap
76561198018481976,Not Recommended,524220,35147707,Posted: 23 September,all,Sails,Get this game on PS4.The stutering and constant fps issues are not worth it.Thanks again for a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor port with no patch in sight.
76561198158140725,Not Recommended,524220,31862104,Posted: 20 May,all,Jasmine ♥,"With the current technical issues it has in mind, I can't honestly recommend this game. It's a good game, but the bugs and crashes really take away from the experience."
,Not Recommended,524220,31824214,Posted: 18 May,all,Have a 🅱ad cum 🅱🅱,fix the game please.
76561197970758241,Not Recommended,524220,33218878,Posted: 4 July,all,3nd3rwiggin,"I'm pretty early in at this point. It's a good, maybe great game, but the PC issues really are a distraction from the game. Please fix them. From the fact that it's immediately obvious that it's the wrong resolution, to the fact that the cursor is visible and you have to move it off when using a controller.Square Enix has the resources and it reflects very poorly that the state is still what it is."
,Recommended,524220,32196996,Posted: 5 June,all,AFarCryAway,Bought it for the Waifu bait.Bought it for the 'plot'.Stayed for the combat.Stayed for the characters.Stayed for atmosphere.Stayed longer for the Story.Stayed longer for the Story.Stayed longer for the Story.This Cannot ContinueThis Cannot ContinueThis Cannot ContinueThis Cannot ContinueThis Cannot ContinueThis Cannot Continue
76561198074453036,Recommended,524220,33140480,Posted: 2 July,all,ragnarokcro,Great game!
,Not Recommended,524220,31680659,Posted: 11 May,all,King,"Fabulous game, many different endings and choices to make. Excellent combat, cinematography, and philosphy all mixed in together. This would be one amazing game on the PC, but save your time and money for purchasing it on the PS4 instead. No fixed has been released for the game to allow it to run on the latest drivers for high end hardware and requires you to use old, outdated drivers instead.Not worth it just for one game, no matter how enthralling the experience may be."
,Recommended,524220,30593115,Posted: 18 March,all,Iron,"Loving all the negative reviews for this. Not a single one is about the game, but how apparently it's a ""bad port"". Which it's not. Runs fine on my machine, try upgrading your toasters and not playing on some ancient laptop, yeah?-Gameplay is great-Characters are fun and enjoyable to watch/listen to-Looks great-OST is godly and so is 2B's behindAs for the fullscreen complaint, I will agree on that. Hopefully that will be patched soon, but as of now using Borderless Gaming completely fixes it."
,Recommended,524220,30700127,Posted: 24 March,all,[DFS] Calico,"REVIEW WILL BE KEPT AS SPOILER FREE AS POSSIBLEBoy, has Platinum delivered alright.So after finally beating the game and seeing its (many) endings, I can safely say that this is an absolute masterpiece of a game and it is easily my favourite of all time, and that is not a statement I am making lightly.This is quite literally the best game I have ever played, and it will be a very long while before anything tops this.GameplayWhy is this game so good? For starters, the gameplay is some of the most fun I've ever had in ages. I can always count on Platinum to make fun gameplay due to Metal Gear Rising, and Nier: Automata's gameplay seems pretty reminiscent to MGR. They also pull off very interesting camera work depending on where you are, and the perspective shifts are seamless and work extremely well. Combat is very hack-and-slash, and intensely satisying. It's also extremely satisfying wielding the weapons themselves, they feel pretty damn great. You get quite a decent variety, from swords to bigger swords, to spears and fists. There's quite a few weapons in each category and they all offer unique bonuses once fully upgraded, encouraging weapon variety instead of just trashing one and never using it because it has lower damage numbers than the other. Combat is insanely fun, weapons are very fun to use, and it is an absolute blast fighting the machines (tip: fully upgraded combat bracer weapons are REALLY GOOD late game).MusicThe soundtrack is probably the best aspect of this game. Whoever composed it is an absolute genius. All of the tracks fit in very well with their current situations, and they all sound absolutely fantastic and fitting in every concievable way. One detail I find very neat is how dynamic the background music is. Depending on where you are in the area, the music will change accordingly. It will go to a quieter, more instrumental version in quieter areas, and then get to its full complexity, with all instruments and vocals present in the main areas. The background music can also change depending on the mood of some characters, for instance if you finish a sidequest where everything ends well then the music changes to a very calm and serene track, likewise it will turn very sombre and dark if things didn't turn out as well. I found this an extremely neat little detail, and I didn't see a whole lot of games doing that. The soundtrack overall is absolutely fantastic work, and the work of a genius.StoryThe story was absolutely fantastic. This game will make you feel good, make you feel miserable, and make you feel one hell of a rollercoaster as you play it because it has some insane twists. This, I think, is the only game to have made me play so much consecutively in order to finish it and find out what happens next. Now that I have seen every possible finale in the game (well, not counting the 20+ joke endings), I can safely say that this was the most intriguing and interesting story I have experienced. Even though this game is set in the Nier and Drakengard universe, you needn't play those games to fully enjoy this game I've been told, you'll only miss out on some references which are briefly explained in the game anyway via intel documents. Character development is fantastic and well-paced, and I love how the characters developed throughout the story. You can tell this was written by somebody who absolutely knew what they were doing. I find it pretty interesting how you have to play through the game multiple times in order to get the full picture, and they pulled that off very well. The 'true' finale, if you can call it that, and all the other finales are among the best I have ever seen in a game. It was one of those moments where you sit back for a while and briefly take in what you just experienced.tl;dr do I reccomend this game?Yes. All of my yes, I 100% reccomend this game, please get it as soon as you can. I feel it's a must-have, and is easily well worth every penny and every minute of your time. One of the few games where I actually bothered to complete every sidequest and try to 100% because the world and its environments were just that interesting. Expertly crafted everything, from characters to the environemnts, the story and soundtrack. This game is near-perfect, and has everything you could possibly you want. The only issues are a few PC port issues that are easily fixable if you google around, and once those are patched out this game will be flawless.11/10, please get it as soon as you can."
,Recommended,524220,32885870,Posted: 27 June,all,rak|on,"I wanted to play this game since it was released, but then I read about various problems with crashes and instabilites so I passed on it. Now that it was on sale, I thought I take it for a spin.Now that I have completed my first playthrough, I wanted to post my two cents about this game.Yes I had crashes and they occur very random. I did not bother searching for a solution since I always could play for around 3 hours straight (As a developer that sounds like a memory leak :P). Anyway I just used the saving as often as possible to avoid progress loss.Gameplay:God this thing got me hooked from minute one. And that hasn't happened in years, I just couldn't stop playing it (thanks for the crashes so to speak) I wanted to explore more, know more. The story is inredible and leaves a lot of room for thoughts and thinking of what is actually going on in the world. You start constructing a theory in your head, it's like reading a book but interactive.It was so immersive that I will probably just keep playing for the fun of it, since there are multiple endings to see :)The combat, in my own opinion is a good mix from DMC with some Bullethell crossover (And maybe just for me some House of the Dead Boss mechanics).Easy combos but once you master the evasion system fighting a horde of enemies suddenly becomes the most fun thing to do.A nice addition are the pods that have some special weapons that you can use on a cooldown basis, those are helpful in bossfights.Performance:Solid 60fps, except cut scenes which are played back at 30fps. Controls are smooth, not input lag or spongyness for me playing with a Xbox Controller.Settings the game to run fullscreen results in an upscaled version of the native ingame resolution of 1600x900, so you get a letterbox effect. Didn't matter for me game was still awesome ;)Other:The combat animations and animations in general are looking really good, thanks to the magic of motion capturing. I even noticed the wobble when slow walking on the high heels :PThe soundstrack is pure gold and just amazing, also the first soundtrack of a game I have bought in years.I like the idea of retrieving temporal bonus effects from corpses of other players that died in the area, also gives a nice hint if there is a boss encounter (lots of bodies means trouble).Final thoughts:If you can cope with a crash once in a while, and love fast paced combat with some really challenging enemies. This is the game for you :)"
76561197999595889,Recommended,524220,30761237,Posted: 26 March,all,renoxz ｶｶ,Can't decide which waifu is best waifu.
,Recommended,524220,32840364,Posted: 26 June,all,BloopBucket,I have had this game for 3 days.I have 25 hours of game time already.Send help.
,Recommended,524220,30703113,Posted: 24 March,all,𝔇𝔢𝔞𝔡-𝔈𝔫𝔡,"NieR:Automata, well where do I start? In NieR:Automata, You will follow the story of 3 kinds of androids, a combat type, her companion and a fugitive prototype. In a world almost under full control of the machines, you are here to take back your planet against these machines.Glory To Humanity!PROS- Fantastic story- Amazing soundtrack- English/Japanese voice options- Different combos and abilities for different weapons- 26 endings- A beautiful and well made world, with the soundtrack it makes it that much betterCONS- Enemies are a set level and won't increase if you go back to a certain chapter- At launch, there has been some issues for people to a point they can't even start the game. This was an issue with both the user and the company- No soundtrack dlc, I'd leave the game open alone just to listen to itOverallThis has been one of the best games I've played in a long time, with it being a JRPG. Even for a completionist, the game itself for achievements or even full data information completion isn't to a point that it just feels grindy or repeatitive. This was also my first game I've ever played made by Yoko Taro, So I'll deffo be keeping an eye for any other games with this guy involved. Hopefully they will fix the optimization issues soon so that many others who are unable to play at this time can enjoy the game as much as I have."
,Recommended,524220,32895811,Posted: 27 June,all,Delita This,"One of the best games I have ever had the pleasure of playing. At times, especially during scenes when switching to new areas, your fps may drop, but besides that it runs flawlessly. The soundtrack and story are both beauifully done, where there is a constant flow and switch between heartwrenching and somber songs such as ""Sound of the End,"" and faster paced songs played during combat such as ""Alien Manifestation."" The gameplay is stellar as well, as it constantly switches between a third person fighter to a 2D platformer. All of this combines to make a complete masterpiece, one that I reccomend not missing out on."
,Recommended,524220,30667846,Posted: 22 March,all,Old Man Dingas,https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/170415189350017760/9A8F8C12FEBEF6B40DBB6366626C7F0A84BC118E/
76561198147747082,Recommended,524220,33048981,Posted: 30 June,all,Athena,"Very good game so far, i know i'm not very far in (3.7 hrs) as of review but i just can't find anything to fault it on and it's a game that i'm looking very forward to unlocking everything."
,Not Recommended,524220,31798706,Posted: 16 May,all,[ e c t o ],Poorly optimized.10/10 for the booty.
,Not Recommended,524220,31795855,Posted: 16 May,all,CheckEngineLight,Fix the crashing
,Recommended,524220,30831214,Posted: 30 March,all,Gem,Her booty was made 2B T H I C C
76561197978833236,Recommended,524220,30668253,Posted: 22 March,all,Sarge_NSA,The best game I have played.
,Recommended,524220,30605344,Posted: 18 March,all,Pineあppleseewead,Good gameplay and likeable characters that blend as prefect incentives to go through the game multipe times - something you need to do (and even recommended in-game) to get the full gist of the game's story and what it adds to Nier's universe.
,Recommended,524220,31489857,Posted: 1 May,all,Madyn Shinaa,Nier: Automata is a masterpiece from start to [E]nd.
,Recommended,524220,30575924,Posted: 17 March,all,Nemo,"One possible solution for those who suffer serious fps drop(Nvidia only):open your nvidia control panel (usually at the bottom right of your screen)go to 3D managmentclick ""program setting""hit ""add"" bottomfind nier automataset the preference graphic card to Nvidia instead of auto selectapplyrestart the gameboom! it works XDreference:http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/1267672-Game-only-detect-Intel-HD-and-not-Nvidia-GTX-on-my-laptop"
76561198025026864,Recommended,524220,30718763,Posted: 24 March,all,VictorX,"This game is a masterpiece.Play through at least 3 times, you will not regret it. 1 Playthrough is not the full story.Each playthrough will take you roughly 20-30 hours depending on how much side quest content you do and what difficulty you play on.Art direction is top notch, story is well written, combat is fun and engaging the whole way through. I can't really talk about why the story is good without spoilers, so just trust me and other reviewers on this point. The soundtrack is 10/10 and the songs all change dynamically to fit situations. There's 4-6 variations of every song that change in complexity and volume depending on what's happening in the scene. This game really knows how to craft mood.The only negative thing I can say are that some of the side quests are simple tedious fetch quests, but the focus is on the main story. The side quests mainly exist to give you a chill period to reflect on the world and the events, but that doesn't excuse the tedium in some of them.Oh and you might need a fan-made patch if your graphics card is too old to run this game smoothly. I needed it for my GTX960 to bump my FPS from 40 to 60 during fights. It exists, seek it out.Everything else is damn near flawless.Going into more details would be spoilers so just go buy the game already."
,Not Recommended,524220,31789364,Posted: 16 May,all,DisreS,"The game is cool, awesome gameplay and story and visuals.The PC port for this game is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥and i wasted 60€. Thanks Square Enix. Thanks for wasting 6 hours of my life and then having my safe deleted. GG WP Scammers"
76561197989962777,Not Recommended,524220,31691617,Posted: 11 May,all,Yung Dagger Dicc,"One of the very best games I have ever played.But, the developers have yet to release a fix for numerous issues the game has and for that I can certainly not recommend this game until they fix the issue.Aside from that, continue reading if you want the get go if you do decide to buy it,LIGHT SPOILERS AHEAD NOTHING MEGA (Just game mechanics etc)This game is absolutely fantastic from the story to the mechanics of the game itself, everything feels so thought out and it's such a unique experience to be able to play. It's worth every penny for me (aside from the issue with the developers not updating the game, even after the DLC was added)The storyStarting off you are placed in a world far far into the future with no knowledge of the surrounding universe (unless you watched the weird♥♥♥♥♥play Toro made) Slowly you are introduced to the main characters 2B and 9S (NINEESS) who you quickly become rather attatched to, although 9S's voice♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off quite a lot to begin with. My wifu... I mean, 2B is a wonderfully distinct character, you feel like you are in her shoes the entire time, not knowing about the societies and emotions the robots posess and gradually as she learns more you learn more which is fantastically portrayed through storytelling. (((((   THIS GAME HAS MULTIPLE CRAZY ENDINGS   )))))The mechanicsThe game starts off in a very strange way, genre defining in fact, a bullet hell is set upon you and I found it rather confusing to start off with, compelling, but strange. A few minutes later after this scene you are put into the heart of the game, on foot and armed with your trusty magical floaty boll-ocks sword and floaty fu-ck tactical droid thingy that follows your every step. (he also shoots bullets)This is where the actual game starts, what made me love the game from the get go is that it's not your generic hack and slash game but a mix of hack and hell, a bullet hell hack and slash mix and mash that works so well. Understandably though its certainly not for everyone.All in allGameplay300/420Story390/420 (will make u cry a tear)Playability on PC100/420 (crashed twice and it doesn't like my resolutions)OverallIs good, buy when fixed"
76561198385695951,Not Recommended,524220,31773387,Posted: 15 May,all,mendezjuang,This game is awesome and beautiful. Unfortunately this pc port sucks as hell. I regret for buying it and spending more time on Steam's forums than playing the game. FARfix helps but the white screen issues continues and there is no support for this game. What a lame now that this game had the profile of becoming a must have on Steam.
76561198076005855,Not Recommended,524220,31783033,Posted: 16 May,all,Water of Eden,"Until the game gets patched up for the unbelievable amount of bugs it has (the notorious fullscreen bug, resolution, occasionally crashing when re-equipping weapons), it's just not worth the price. Had to repeat a super tedious sequence three times because the game just kept on crashing (beginning of Route C). Honestly, the game itself has some infuriating mechanics, like no real checkpoints/autosaves, and the whole retrieve body mechanic when you die. The prologue in particular is much more difficult than it needs to be, it's arguably one of the hardest parts of the first playthrough, which is just ridiculous. The difficulty jump between the end of Route B and the beginning of Route C is just obscene. Why would a random machine be 5-10 levels higher than the final boss?Pros-Great story-Fun Hack-and-Slash-2B's bootyCons-an entire host of bugs and glitches that haven't been patched since day 1-ridiculous difficulty jumps-no checkpoints/autosavesBuy at your own risk"
,Recommended,524220,31501725,Posted: 2 May,all,Victorique Ibara,"The hell are you looking down here for? You scrolled past ""Add to Cart""."
76561198012119178,Recommended,524220,31051276,Posted: 9 April,all,TankHunter678,"This is but one small story you will encounter in this game.A story of a monk who desired to achieve the highest heights of combat.With fists of iron filled with spirit, will, and determination that blazed with the intensity of an inferno.With fists of iron that strike with the force of an avalanche.With a body of iron as steadfast as the mightiest mountains.His attacks flow with the ease and freedom of the winds flowing across the plains.And even in the face of his own demise he wil be as calm and pure as an untouched, untained spring.His name is Father Servo, and he will teach you. His name is Father Servo and he will fall to you.And it will be his greatest moment, where he achieves his dream.It will be his greatest moment, his last moment, where he leaves without any regrets.His name is Father Servo, and he awaits you."
76561197996558685,Recommended,524220,33167835,Posted: 2 July,all,ThePHiLsTeR (∩｀-´)⊃━☆ﾟ.*･｡ﾟ,"YES YES YES YES!!!!!This game's action is perfection. It runs extremely smooth. The action is so polished and is similar to Devil May Cry series. It is an action game as much as it is an RPG which imo is a first (except maybe mass effect series). There are also side scrolling segments which are cool too. There are epic huge bosses. The music just like in Nier 1 is amazing. Very calming, melodic music. The main character was a side character in Nier 1. She definitely was cool and I was happy when I first heard she's the main character in automata.If you love action games, Nier 1, and/or a return to JRPG glory from the old days, DO NOT PASS THIS GAME UP. ITS A NO BRAINER. DO IT."
76561198023226082,Not Recommended,524220,31663423,Posted: 10 May,all,SonicLiquid,"I would give this game a great review, but the optimisation is poor. I own a 780ti and from day one there have been crashes and white screens. This game has been out for a while now and still not much improvement. When racing some speed robot the game freezes and crashes.I would really like to leave a positive review, if only I could play the game properly."
,Recommended,524220,32919212,Posted: 28 June,all,«´¨`•°.SHODAN.°•´¨`»,"(This review is about the game itself, not the PC port. If you encounter any technical issues, try theFAR Mod.)What can I say.NieR: Automataprovided me with one of the most profound and soul-cleansing journeys I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing in any artistic medium. I apologize for starting my review with such a hyperbole, but this is how I feel about it. I'm aware that this game will not resonate quite as dramatically with everyone, but even so, I think there is still a lot to love aboutNieR: Automata. But back to the ""soul-cleansing"" part for now. It's not everyday that a video game comes along and really connects with me as a human being and makes me glad to be alive, while also managing to meaningfully tackle existentialist philosophy without devolving into senseless cynicism and nihlism.Seriously, don't let the leggy androids and surface level aesthetics deceive you. This game's narrative boasts more thematic depth and emotional weight than I could ever hope to touch upon here, and it does so by utilizing this medium's inherent potential to its fullest. As plenty of others have alreadypointed out,NieR:Automata's artistic accomplishments would simply not work outside the realm of video games. If you've completed NieR:Automata, do yourself a favour and check out thisexcellent in-depth analysisof the game's overarching themes (and if you're too lazy to read, Super Bunnyhop has made a cool littlevideo essayon it too).However, I don't want to imply that I merely love this game due to how DEEP and INTELLIGENT I think it is. In some sense, the thematics explored here are just the icing on the cake for me (although that may be putting it a bit too reductively). More than anything, I absolutely adore this game as a tone piece. The atmosphere, the music, the world design, the heightened emotions, that's what really stuck with me the most and me me connect with it to such a high degree. And I really have to stress Keiichi Okabe's spellbinding soundtrack on here, which by itself already convinced me to put this game to the top of my wishlist. The vocal pieces in particular are hauntingly gorgeous and evoke a wonderfully ethereal and melancholy mood that I immediately fell heads over heel for, and the kickass battle themes are also flat out fanatastic (BECOME AS GODS). And to no surprise, the music turns out to be even better in the context of the actual game, where it synergizes brilliantly with the amazing art direction, visceral gameplay, and emotionally absorbing narrative to deliver some of the most memorable musical moments in any audiovisual work I know.This may have been my first game directed by Yoko Taro, but I am already convinced that he is to video games what Hideaki Anno is to anime (and I'd wager that if you like one of them, there is a decent chance that you will also like the other).NieR:Automatafeels like the brilliant and eccentric vision of a true auteur director through and through, one who is keenly aware of player expectations at every corner and is conveying his ideas with sincerity, ingenuity and heaps of personality, not to mention a unique sense of humour. However, I don't want to downplay the creative and technical effort from the people at PlatinumGames, whose experience with aesthetically and mechanically acclaimed action titles such asBayonettaandVanquish(both of which I'm itching to play now) finally made it possible for a Yoko Taro project to have the level of gameplay and polish that it deserves.Speaking of gameplay, I had an absolute blast playing this game. The hack and slash meets bullet hell approach to the combat here is as enjoyable as it is visually stimulating (oh man, those animations are ♥♥♥♥ing TIGHT), and while the somewhat polarizing hacking minigame introduced halfway through the game did feel a bit like a momentum killer at first, it quickly grew on me and actually made me want to check out some full-time twin-stick shooters. However, I think my favourite mechanical element are probably the fluid movement controls. My God, dashing and hopping and gliding through the beautifully desolate post-apocalyptic world ofNieR: Automatajust feelsso damn satisfying, not to mention that there is actually a surprising amount of depth to the movement mechanics which require a decent amount of work to master.By now it should be clear that there is a 10/10 score incoming, but don't get me wrong: I certainly don't think this game is ""perfect"" or anything. There is always room for improvement, and I do have a bunch of minor problems withNieR:Automata, but they seem so laughably insignificant in light of this game's many outstanding achievements that I don't think they are even worth mentioning. There is also one bigger issue related to the use of multiple endings here, which are absolutely essential to get the full experience, but the game also requires you to replay a couple of hours' worth of content to unlock them (and, in fact, the entire second act of the game). I understand that this may be off-putting to some people, and while I agree that this could have been executed just a tiny little bit better, I think the surrounding narrative and thematic context does ultimately justify the decision to go with such a bold approach.Verdict:10/10Thank you, Yoko Taro. Thank you, PlatinumGames. Thank you for creatingNieR:Automata.(And thank you Akihiko Yoshida for those absolutely smoking character designs I MEAN HOT DAMN x33)"
,Recommended,524220,30674999,Posted: 22 March,all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","The original NieR was an underrated gem on the 360 and PS3, and a masterpiece in my opinion. It's difficult to relate it to another game or series because there's still nothing really like it; Yoko Taro blends comedy and cruelty so well that by the time you're halfway through the game you're never sure if you're supposed to be laughing or crying, and the whole storyline is one great big beautiful tragedy where happy endings are just fleeting memories. It wasn't afraid to shift genres whenever it felt like it, suddenly turning into a sidescroller or even a text adventure at any given moment. And following Drakengard's tradition, the New Game+ was more than just an ordinary New Game+, each following playthrough revealing more and more of the game's storyline. The soundtrack is one of the best I've seen in a game, and still one of my favorites by far. The only weak link of the game was the combat, which while passable was generaly considered not great in comparison to the amazing content that surrounded it. Enter Platinum Games, for the sequel.When their involvement was first announced, I was a little worried. I love Platinum's games and I loved Revengeance, but as a Metal Gear game I thought it was a bit lacking, and so I was afraid that them heading a sequel to Nier might dilute what made the first game so great. But this is still as Nier as it gets, and Yoko Taro's genius and Platinum Games' exciting combat and cinematic flair come together in a way that works way better than I expected. The action is flashy and smooth, but the world is still just as bleak as it should be. If you haven't played the first Nier, I would recommend doing that first, not just so that you'll understand some of the references but so that you'll know what to expect. This isn't a game that treats the player like they're obligated to have a good time, and some side quests are very clearly tests of patience where whether or not you enjoy them will be determined by whether or not you're the kind of person who can laugh at the absurdity of them. If you're the kind of person who just wants to play the game to ending A and then quit, you can still have fun, but you're missing out on an enormous chunk of the story if you don't replay the game a few times (which doesn't take as long in follow-up playthroughs, because your items and sidequest progress all carry over).If you have played Nier, you may as well just buy this now assuming you didn't already have your wallet out the moment you heard ""Nier 2"". The soundtrack is just as amazing as it was last time and includes plenty of new versions of old favorites plus more, and almost everything you loved about the first game has been preserved (the fishing isn't as deep though, RIP). Aside from weapons, you can now manage your character's stats with chips that have different cost values that you slot into a grid to give various bonuses, and they're also used in a pretty interesting way in that your HUD features are also chips. If you're the sort of person who likes playing without a HUD, you can disable them and free up space for extra chips, or if you want something extra like an EXP bar or a useless fishing spot detector you can buy them and add them in for a cost. You can even unplug the OS chip that keeps your character alive, with exactly the result that you would expect.In terms of port quality, it ran fine for me throughout the game but I have heard of people with AMD cards having problems (but really I don't know if I can fault the game for that or not, since it seems like lots of games have trouble with AMD cards at launch these days) so do a bit of research before buying. I played the bulk of the game with a mouse and keyboard just fine after rebinding a couple of things, but the mouse aim doesn't work as well when the game becomes a top-down shooter so I had a gamepad ready for those parts; you can switch between the two control methods at any time seamlessly, so it was pretty easy.I don't think Nier Automata surpassed the original Nier, but that's an extremely unfair comparison, and I'm still not sure if I only feel that way because I played Nier 1 first and knew what to expect going into Automata. But both games are absolutely amazing, and should definitely be played by anyone interested in the idea of them. I don't think I'm going to enjoy a game more for the rest of the year, if not multiple years."
,Recommended,524220,30574688,Posted: 17 March,all,24½th,"I beat the ♥♥♥♥ out of my♥♥♥♥♥♥so god damn hard that I can't even feel my left leg, my left leg has went totally numb"
76561198049888405,Recommended,524220,30891109,Posted: 1 April,all,Credu,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C4wsA--VWEo
76561197972434130,Recommended,524220,31311374,Posted: 22 April,all,Protactinium,"While any features (story, combat, philosophy, etc.) of the game lauded by many players and critics are present, their presence is largely insubstantial. The game seems very underdeveloped which leaves it a mediocre experience. The art design is good, but it's not particularly creative. The graphics are fine, but they're low-resolution and glitchy. The story is interesting but predictable. The music is good. And the two most prominent characteristics of Nier are also lacking. The combat is fun, but it's samey and limited. And the philosophy is interesting, but it's not explored.As a Platinum game, one would expect frenetic and flamboyant fighting. Unfortunately, there's only a lesser facsimile. The combat is much less frenzied than some of their other titles, like Metal Gear Rising, Transformers: Devastation, and the recently-ported-to-PC Bayonetta. It has the trappings of Platinum's fighting style, but the combat is hollow.The other half of Nier's accolades is it's philosophy, and without a doubt it has philosophy. But it only has Philosophy 101. Nier introduces interesting philosophical considerations but does nothing with them. It does attempt, and often, but each demonstration is so limited that there's no time for proper scrutiny, so nothing of merit really develops.Ultimately it's a competent game, but it falls short of being significant. It's not a bad game, but it will need a lower price, and players will need lower expectations."
76561197971249481,Not Recommended,524220,34806787,Posted: 7 September,all,Primalchrome,3 Crashes in 23 minutes...even with FaR mod.  No patches from the dev since release.  ....and these morons complain about PC sales.
76561198024620379,Not Recommended,524220,31663864,Posted: 10 May,all,Burnheart,Still broken for 700 series Nvidea GPUs after 2 mounths. Do not buy this game if you have 700 serise GPU witch includes the first gen Titan that I have!
,Recommended,524220,32451510,Posted: 15 June,all,Swappy,What do people remember a game for...Some remember it for the storySome remember it for the charactersSome for it's gameplaySome for the amazing soundtrackI'll remember Automata for the memories.........forever <3
,Not Recommended,524220,31734994,Posted: 13 May,all,Undead Scum,"Fix your damn game. Seriously.Getting white screen at 30 min in game, crashing my graph card for w/e reason. I cant even get to first save lol.Yes I'm aware theres a so called ""fix"" for AMD graph cards, but if you think I'm rolling my drivers back for a single game, then think again. I see some people with simmilar problem or even worse ones still waiting for some kind of a patch, really speachless at this point, this♥♥♥♥♥♥was probably tested on 1 pc.Atm, this is a pure waste of money.I would have wrote a proper review if I actual got to play it."
,Not Recommended,524220,31780086,Posted: 15 May,all,Flashy,"The trend of good games ruined by terrible PC ports continues with this. It's been out for almost 2 months and still hasn't been fixed, would not recommend in its current state"
76561198092605287,Not Recommended,524220,31807495,Posted: 17 May,all,outlandish007,"Got the game on PS4 and its really a fun. The graphics look nice and the gameplay is on point.But I can not recommend the PC version, the port is really bad..."
76561198139704858,Not Recommended,524220,34830896,Posted: 9 September,all,IBLONERBI,"It doesn't run properly without a 3rd party mod, and even then it doesn't address all the issues."
76561198173571314,Recommended,524220,34922150,Posted: 13 September,all,annygirl80xx,"Even without months of patching, I would still recommend this game.I had a amazing time adventuring around the mapand falling in love with the characters."
,Not Recommended,524220,30580501,Posted: 17 March,all,William Shakesman,"A sequel to Platinum's Transformers Devastation, Nier Buttomata is set after the bad ending where Megatron succeeded in roboticizing Earth.Also 2B is NOT HUMAN SHE IS A ROBOT STOP THINKING IMPURE THOUGHTS ABOUT HER. SHE IS AN APPLIANCE NOT A PERSON.Yoko Taro is an accurate assessor of how good his games are. Apart from animations and 2B's♥♥♥♥♥ he has done everything possible to sabotage Platinum's usual level of quality. The result is a mess, a game with combat shallower than Korra, but with all the joys added of really boring shmup segments, and all the parts of Monster Hunter that aren't actually fighting monsters (So running through empty fields to collect shiny grindbits in hopes they will upgrade your weapon or a weapon you collect down the line.)But what about the plot? Well, it's typical Taro: ""Machines don't have feelings,"" your blindfold wearing* protagonists intone as the robots proceed to display feelings in such a childish and goofy manner that it feels like this is some clown world cartoon... before you cut them all down ruthlessly**. 2B drops some loaded dialogue early on that practically spoils the whole game, too, but you don't get confirmation of this until much later because this game wastes your time immensely. You ""clear"" the game and get ""Ending A"" without a SINGLE thing of note happening in the plot. Then you're asked to do it all again, only with most action bits replaced with even more boring shmup segments if that's even possible. It's only until the THIRD play where the plot finally comes together. Even Nier 1 gave you a ""complete"" game with a real ending on the first play. (Oh and this means you play as the bootily-endowed heroine for less than half your game time.)  And in traditional Taro fashion, the actual finale wraps up so that everything is so utterly terrible that it blows right past depressing and into laughable clown-world territory again. There is no good, no evil, no heroism, nothing in Taro's world but sobbing, childlike victims of cataclysms so far in the past and so arbitrary as to be meaningless.The combat balancing is completely screwed up and nobody will ever notice it because on Normal it is nearly impossible to die. On Hard, you die in 2 hits, Ultra Hard 1 hit, and checkpoints are almost non-existant, usually in the 20-40 minute range, and most of that being awful unskippable chatter. And of course the hitboxes make From games look positively artisitic in that regard. And if it's not the hitboxes, it is the terrible camera work, often purposefully obscuring the action for absolutely no reason. Or the combat effects, so overdone to obscure reading the battle. Or that one major boss is fought in a literal dust storm, preventing you from seeing what he's doing half the time.Look, there's fun to be had here. Even a bad Platinum game is better by miles than most. Sprinting through fields, collecting goodies, slicing robots is just going to be fun no matter what, but on every other level this is flatly a mediocre and disappointing game.*(HRRRM I WONDER WHAT DEEP TARO SYMBOLISM IS MEANT BY THAT)**(Because of course the machines can't just be humans. They're autistic dopey adorable little kid humans that cry about their brothers because Taro can't make a plot work without crass emotional manipulation.)"
76561198222621068,Not Recommended,524220,32051869,Posted: 29 May,all,fran,A♥♥♥♥♥♥poor port of an excellent game. There is no excuse.
,Recommended,524220,30654876,Posted: 21 March,all,Circlejerk,"Amazing game, 9.5/10. As much flack as the port gets I had no issues with a gtx770 at 900p"
,Recommended,524220,30579076,Posted: 17 March,all,zGruBz,"“Everything that lives is designed to end. We are perpetuallytrapped in a never-ending spiral of life and death. Is this acurse? Or some kind of punishment? I often think about thegod that blessed us with this cryptic puzzle, and wonder ifwe’ll ever have the chance to kill him.”I got goosebumps from the very start! I've been seeing a lotof people getting performance issues in-game, I am playingat 2560x1440 with constant 60fps with no issues. As for thestory, it is enticing from the beginning to the very end and is1 of my all time favorite games. First boss will blow you away!NieR:Automata™ Day One Edition 10/10"
,Recommended,524220,34037329,Posted: 5 August,all,BigMonkeyBrother,"I was looking for a break from the usual games I play - this fit the bill quite nicely.  NieR:Automata is an odd game - at its heart a 3rd person melee fighting game, with RPG elements.  But it's trying to make a point about consciousness, what it means to be alive, and other deep philosophical topics (though it does not beat you over the head with them).  Be warned, you really have to play through this game at least 3 times (minimum) to see most of what this game has to offer (though you can play it even more).  But each of those 3 playthroughs is different, so you won't be repeating missions or anything... if you're looking to play something different than the norm, a game with great style, music, combat and a deep (DEEP) storyline, then NieR:Automata is for you."
,Not Recommended,524220,35123594,Posted: 22 September,all,Seppo,"6 Month since release, still no developer patch to fix the major issues this game has..."
76561198056006927,Not Recommended,524220,31809322,Posted: 17 May,all,veikkojl,"Game was fun to play,but all the constant crashes made it impossible to play.Why is Square Enix  not fixing their game? Refunded the game.DO NOT BUY......Devs that only care about money can go **** them self,no more gamesfrom this company.DO NOT BUY"
,Recommended,524220,30592455,Posted: 18 March,all,Thug Shiro,The devs praised the buttsI fapped ; ~ ;All hail the butts ; ~ ;Best game ever 10/10
,Not Recommended,524220,33291006,Posted: 5 July,all,アルチ,"So it's been 4 months now, and ever since the release of the PC port there hasn't been aSINGLEpatch at all that addressed any of the performance issues and bugs the game has. I simply cannot recommend such a poor practice of maintaining a game and thus I will be downvoting this game.Basically the developer dropped the game entirely after release. I, at the very least, expected the DLC, that was released after the game, to include fixes... but how wrong I was. There was literally nothing at all in the DLC that remedies the game's poor technical state and I honestly find that disgusting."
76561198066904094,Not Recommended,524220,31686389,Posted: 11 May,all,CreatorOfGod,"Let me say first that this game is a good game. Very good combat mechanism, gameplay and story. I loved the game. That is why I decided to buy it after I beat the Denuvo free (cracked/pirated whatever you like to call it) version. However, I would not recommend this game, not untill you have tried it out first and can decide for yourself.Here is why:-(1) Graphical bug. My laptop is 1080p, so I did not have too much resolution problem, but there are objects in the game that have poor texture quality. The most noticable one is the cargo container next to your transporter in the resistant camp.-(2) Crashes. Regardless which version you play, pirated or legit, you WILL get crashes. I had crashes several times after I bought the game. It can be quite frustrating considering the game does not have auto-save. Some people reported the game is unplayable. It is also possible. Again, you need to decide if you can tolerate the crashes,-(3) Very POOR PC control integration. Keyboard binding is the only one you can change in this game. There is no way to change or assign keys for you mouse. Good thing I have a xBox controller.-(4) NOT fully voiced. Other than the main story line and the side quests, the game is NOT voiced. It doesn't have voice when talking to NPC. It doesn't have voice when buying from merchant. It doesn't even have voice when talking to your follower (9S or 2B). WTF... There isn't that many character you can interact with in the game, there is really no reason for not including a voice for a few more sentences (Words in some cases).For a game priced at 60USD, all these issues are unacceptable. It does felt like the game was rushed out of the production line despite it was delayed. I hope the above list can be removed in the future updates, but untill then, I would not recommend anyone to buy it unless you have tried and loved it.Judging by the quality, half of the price probably goes to BS Denuvo. I can tell you that this game will be the first and the last Denuvo game I buy. I would gladly support the developers, but I would never again support a bad publisher like SE and Denuvo, who promotes misconducts of bad game publishers."
,Not Recommended,524220,34877286,Posted: 10 September,all,Sal'mao Dzedun,"I made a mistake, when bought this game in it's current state on PC. The only thing I'm happy with is the refund option, which I didn't use before. Now I know - it works well."
,Recommended,524220,30602700,Posted: 18 March,all,no bully,ate a fish and died. 10/10
76561198185139481,Not Recommended,524220,31433251,Posted: 28 April,all,Lady_Starlight*,"(NOT RECOMMENDED FOR POTATO PC'S). Really wanted to play this game but theres not much option to optimize the graphics which made it literally unplayable and even when I tweak the graphics it would crash. I've refunded the game for now, it was my mistake that I bought it in the first place without knowing this, I still love this game but I'd rather refund my money and save it for a better pc / just buy another game that has good graphics and does not lag or needed high system requirements.To the devs: Please fix and optimize the graphics for GTX 960 or lower because not everyone could afford a GTX 1080. I might buy it back if the devs reconsider this :("
,Not Recommended,524220,30584767,Posted: 17 March,all,bunz,"There is huge mouse lag with the camera and you can only make it bearable by reducing the Pursuit Speed to zero and increasing the vertical/horizontal speed of the camera significantly.Also I am constantly patting my little robot buddy in the middle of fights because moving left/right with the mouse somehow mimicks the input of swiping the PS4 touchpad.There are further issues with graphics, resolution at 1440p does not work. And 1080 resolution does not render truly at 1080p. The game is locked at 60fps and cutscenes at 30fps which have constant microstutter.I would definitely not consider this a good port. Other than that the game is very good."
,Recommended,524220,30701143,Posted: 24 March,all,Tenko Kuu.,Amazing game. The game only gets better once you complete it and finish all the endings for it and then finally the true ending.Strong intro and even stronger finish. I can't recommend this game enough. If you do decide to pick it up it's worth looking up the lore from NieR and Drakengard 1/2/3 up to Automata to appreciate the storyline.
,Recommended,524220,30852496,Posted: 31 March,all,Marimo,"The game is flawed, the game has port issues, the game isn't near perfect, but this what I call IMPERFECT PERFECTION. For each and every flaw that the game has- typical RPG fetch quests, too many invisible walls in the open world, texture pop ins, a bit repetitive gameplay and port problems; the other stuff- incredible story, incredible music, emergent gameplay, weird theme, well realized post post apocalyptic world, unconventional storytelling, the amount of social commentary, philosophy and humanity in the game simply surpasses anything I have seen till date.Also thank you Yoko Taro for the most beautiful playable female character in 2B. PS- Not referring to the booty, it's the eyes......"
76561198028245387,Recommended,524220,30651382,Posted: 21 March,all,Overclocked Kitsune,I rather enjoyed the game but it has some problems. If your playing on Keyboard and mouse your in for a time. The controls are poorly laidout and you can't bind commands to your mouse button.Game is locked to 60 FPS and Full screen is borked as texture don't scale beyond 900p properly unless you use windowed mode. I had to play in 1980x1200 to deal with this as my main monitor is  1440p. Cut sceens are pre rendered and run at 30 fps so if your senstive to that sort of change the transistion is exceptionally jarring. NO boardless window mode is a sin and you should feel bad for not having this platinum games.Once you get past the poor KB/M controls the game is actually pretty fun. Hacking is♥♥♥♥♥♥fest on Keyboard though. Story is 7/10 and gameplay is soild 8/10. Defiantly worth the buy but I would reccomend a controler for this game.
76561198142253439,Recommended,524220,31929788,Posted: 23 May,all,MicroTitan,Paying $60 to cry really badly.
,Recommended,524220,30765763,Posted: 26 March,all,Kistulot,"Nier Automata is the first game by Yoko Taro that I've played... and now, bad gameplay or no, I want to play them all.Pros:-The story is amazing. Subquests build upon themes, grow the world, it's just... great.-The world is really immersive. You'll do some backtracking, but it adds, twists, so much each time.-The characters are amazing. While I tended to find most NPCs more intriguing in many ways than the protags, this was not bad as it meant you wanted to see more of the world, desperately.-If you like platinum's gameplay, but feel the slowdown effect is incredibly boring, it's not inherently a part.-Lots of content. A lot. Like hours. I spent over 50 hours 100%ing it--ignore my achievements, I had to play offline.-You will cry a lot.Cons:-The camera is sometimes garbage, tugging hard to one direction. Lock on is a must, making hard mode a no go.-This is not optimized for PC, or lower systems. at all.-You will need to use Borderless Gaming to play fullscreen, so keep note of this, unless you have a low res monitor-Seems to have a problem the longer you play, possibly a memory leak? A reboot seems needed to fix it on 2 computers.-You will cry a lot.I recommend it. A lot. I could say more, but I don't WANT to. You want to go into this not knowing much.Play this! :D"
,Recommended,524220,32898449,Posted: 27 June,all,Keppy,"I've been searching for a single player game that is both easy to pick up and extremely fun to play.... this game fulfills that need. within the minutes post download i was immediatly hooked, i planned to only play for 30 or so minutes i played for 2 and a half. So thank you steam sales for making it possible for me to play this astounding and beautifuly crafted game."
,Recommended,524220,30675525,Posted: 22 March,all,patmarsons,"Loved every bit of this game all the way through the 5 main endings. The combat is solid, as you'd expect from a Platinum title, and Yoko Taro's narrative I found to be thought provoking and rather emotional at times but not without some comedic levity interspersed throughout.You know when you actually have to stop and seriously think about the ramifications of a choice you make on the fate of a voice acted, 3d modeled, robot in a computer game that you are immersed and connected to the world.Be warned, not everything is sunshine and rainbows and the road to Hell is paved with good intentions, but I promise you there is a light at the [E]nd of the tunnel."
,Recommended,524220,30604285,Posted: 18 March,all,Aren,"Ok ♥♥♥♥ my old review about this game. I just realized how bad it was once I finnished the game. This will probably be the hardest thing I´ll ever do in my life... describe NieR:Automata™ in words. Yeah, its hard but I will do my best!Ok before I talk about the game just wanted to tell everyone that did not play the game cause it was ""Japanese fan service overrated game"" to buy the ♥♥♥♥ing game as fast as ya can. This is a masterpiece, something every gamer should complete. Im a gamer for years and I thought that Zelda/Uncharted games were perfect, the last two Tomb Raider were true masterpieces but nah... THIS is the real masterpiece, the top 1 game of all time. Its my opinion I know but trust me, this game is worth your money! To be honest I felt like I bought it on sale ahahaha (pre-ordered btw).First thing I want to talk about its the soundtracks that is probably the most mainstream part of Nier being shared around the world. Yes, Soundtracks are really good and perfect for that kind of game, some SoundTracks in Nier will give you good memories. The best example I can give its the one that runs in the Amusement Park... I will never forget the first time I entered in the Amusement Park thanks to that sound. Soundtracks are a 10/10 in this game!Next thing is the gameplay, you have lots of possible sets for your weapons and combos to try and even equip your pod! The fighting system is really good and smooth, you´ll never get tired of fighting in Nier cause its really exciting, you can do lots of different combos as I mentioned before and the best part is that theres no way to defend enemy attacks, you have to evade with a good timing and right after evading you can engage again with a unique combo that can be used after evanding only!Moving on, story... Plot twist more plot twist and even more plot twist. Dont want to spoil, just want to say that Square Enix and Platinum made a wonderful job about the story aswell!This game has no auto-save which makes it harder if you forget to save so my top tip is save whenever you complete Sub-quests or do another important action in the game!Sub-quests... This is a JRPG so theres a level that you can increase by killing mobs and completing quests (main or sub), if you play the game only for the story and never do a single Sub-Quest you re dead facing lv 60 enemies while you´re like lv 40 once you get to the third story. So do all the Sub-quests! They´re really well made and interisting to complete since you happen to know more about the world  in Nier and you discover new amazing places that arent showed in the main story. Some Sub-quests are ""boring"" but hey, arent they Sub-quests after all? And tbh its not even that many, only 2 or 3 are definitely boring.Unfortunately for PC users there are some problems with low fps cutscenes and resolution problems but you can go trough that easly. Hope you have a good PC to play in window mode. God bless I had.Even though 9S story is kinda the same as 2B you will know more about the game (bosses and other things) that you no way to know in 2B story so yeah. If you think the game is good and you´ve only played the first two stories get ready for the third one cause the game has just begun!I feel like Im forgetting something so if I remember I´ll just update this review.The game is amazing and I feel like I´ll miss Nier... I want more Yoko Taro... please!I´d bet they will make another Nier since this one was a success. But... It will never be the same I guess... Dont want to spoil so Im gonna end this review here!Please little kid watcha doing there reading this review if you havent played Nier already? Go sell your body cause this game is worth as ♥♥♥♥!*Square Enix you´ve been my favourite game developer for a long time thanks to Tomb Raider and Final Fantasy...**Thanks Square Enix and Platinum... you made us proud.*"
,Recommended,524220,30702591,Posted: 24 March,all,Dr.Vendax,Beautiful.(‿ˠ‿)
,Recommended,524220,30780262,Posted: 27 March,all,Bew1977,"Outside the buggy launch, this has been my personal Game of the Year.This is a beautiful game, I found myself stopping frequently in a new area just to take screenshots and soak it in. Character animations are fluid, making even the characters themselves part of the beauty.The music and sound help make the world even better, with subtle changes depending on the source. For example, you can be running through an area and just the instrumentals are playing then as you go to another area the song will slowly fade in the vocal track and it will continue to play while you are there. As you leave the area, the vocals will fade away and finally move to the new areas song.  For the songs themselves, there isn't a bad track. All of them will illicit emotion from you and the soundtrack is well worth picking up.Combat is fast and fairly deep, allowing players to discover the intricacies as they play through the game, but not bogged down with so much complexity that novices don't have a chance to get through the game.The story is kind of a tough nut to crack. There is enough there so that people who haven't played the first game can understand what is going on, but this is a real love letter to fans of the original Nier.  I felt so much emotion when the first game was referenced, especially when a song from the first game was played in an area.  I genuinely hope that they remake the first game with the combat system from this one and release it for PC. Knowing the whole story from the first game makes all the little touches so much more impactful.So buy this game. You will not be disappointed.  Just be warned, leave your Keyboards and Mice at home. This game demands a controller."
76561198050966804,Recommended,524220,30666400,Posted: 22 March,all,ＴＥＭはShinobuです,The best Singleplayer experience I have ever had.
,Recommended,524220,31600068,Posted: 7 May,all,Freeze,"The only reason I would say no to this game is because of the storyline kicking you in the nuts so much. I got all endings, and it was an amazing game, 100%. I'm not one to play or recommend singleplayer games, but this one is definitely worth your time."
76561198337970827,Not Recommended,524220,35121477,Posted: 21 September,all,Jem'appellejeff,Patch the game for goods sake
76561198082290371,Recommended,524220,30660855,Posted: 21 March,all,The Irish Bottom,"its an amazing game that feels so fufilling to play. great combat that dosent focus on having the ""best something"". the story is really well done, you never know when its going to end. there are also an abundant of side quests that are interesting to play and that add more to the story."
76561198078133366,Recommended,524220,30747900,Posted: 26 March,all,Pinata Full of Scorpions,It's like paying 60 dollars to have your soul ripped out.Again. And again. And again.
,Not Recommended,524220,31796731,Posted: 16 May,all,Virulis,I would recommend this game but only the PS4 version (GabeN forgive me.) It is a work of art in every way.Currently the PC version is a gamble. It may or may not work on your system and that's with community mods. I think it's a shame that a game as good as this is riddled with technical issues on the PC. An even bigger shame is how they released paid DLC and STILL no patch to address the problems.I'll change this review to a positive one and even get the DLC once Square Enix decides it's time to throw PC players a bone and fix this port.
76561198047426432,Not Recommended,524220,31797461,Posted: 16 May,all,McDoof,"I decided not to listen to the other negative reviews saying this game always crashed with a white screen.  I can't get past the prolog without getting a white screen making the game unplayable, even after attempting multiple work arounds for AMD machines.  I am extremely disapointed as this is the first tripple A title to catch my eye in a long time and I can't play it for more than 3 minutes without it crashing.  I hope my first Steam refund works out well!  I have never negatively reviewd a game for performance issues before but because of how let down I am that I can't play I am writing this in hopes it helps others not waste their time and money on this port."
76561198080158427,Recommended,524220,30669270,Posted: 22 March,all,Lil ranch,"No serious story spoilers ahead.The writer of the story is japanese and they have a unique writing style, but i am a great fan of this top tier story writing and OMG Platinumgames has stepped up their game once again. I was a huge fan of metal gear rising and i've beat the game multiple times and the combat in NieR Automata is the best i have ever seen.The combat is almost flawless. The sole reason that it isnt flawless is because there are some performance issues in some areas. There are combos in this game but they cant be found in game and you need to look them up or find them yourself (which is unique and kind of fun to do).At this moment i have 30.2 hours in the game and i have done all the side quest but i still havent completed the game. The game ends at a certain point and you can reach the end pretty quickly if you play on easy/normal and cheese yourself trough the boss fights but when you completed the game as 2b you can play it again but this time as 9s and when you beat the story as him welp people huge suprise there is even more in store and thats where i am at right now.To this point i have used the beginning swords and i still find new combos and i still havent used spears and combat bracers a lot, but i plan to do that when i start my hard playtrough on a second save (Yeah the game is worth a second playtrough).The bullet hell sections of the game are fun and they do not occur too frequently as 2b, but when you get to 9s you can cheese yourself through the whole game by hacking everything you see and the hacking mini game is extremely repetitive and is not challenging enough for boss fights.The protagonists are amazing. 2b has a stale personality but you see that change overtime and you see how her bond with 9s develops. 9s is a playfull little boy for most of the game but in a way that doesnt get boring and the game relies on him to give the conversations some color since 2b is really formal. I cant say a lot about 2a but she's kind off an♥♥♥♥♥and verbally abuses pod but hey ill see, because i haven't finished the game.I can say that this game deserves a spot in my all time top 3 between MGSV and The witcher 3.2b is waifu for lyfe  btw...."
,Recommended,524220,30822919,Posted: 29 March,all,Malucats,My Game of the Year 2017.10/10+Story+Gameplay+Characters+OST+Graphics
,Recommended,524220,30845565,Posted: 30 March,all,Slyphert,"I've just finished 100% of the game, like 10 minutes ago. Just everything: the achievements, the fishing encyclopedia, weapons, side-quests...So now I think I'm able to write a proper review.NieR:Automata™is, without doubt, one the most intense and memorable games I've ever played in my entire life. You see, I've never played its prequel, NieR, but after this outstanding title, probably I'll try to play the previous one.Everythingin this game is simply memorable: the characters, the environment, the OST (which is a wonderful masterpiece)...NieR:Automata™ has become one of my favorite games of all times.It will make you feel really bad a lot of times, by the way, but the story is really worth of it.2B, 9S, A2, 6O, 21O, Pascal... :(, and many other characters areveryintense and alive. Though I haven't played with the English dub, the Japanese one is marvelous and very convincing.Sure, there were some things that I did not like.One thing that has troubled me a lot was the awful RNG about the fishing mini-game. It is idiotic the time we need to waste just to get one kind of fish. Just look up at Google and see it for yourself how much time time people spent just to get a swordfish or a beetle fish. Some people spent 5, others 12, I spent 6 to 7 hours to get the swordfish and 3 to 4 hours to get the beetle fish. This RNG is absolutely insane. I mean, for those who want to complete 100% of the game (like me), this feels extremely stupid since the mini-game is NOT fun (and even if it was fun, doing the same thing over and over for all this time would still feel very bad). I almost fell asleep twice when fishing for those.So, if you intend to complete 100% of this game,be warned about this.Nevertheless, the entire experience is extremely good (althoughREALLYsad) and I really recommend it. You won't regret it. This game makes you think, it makes you happy (not so often), it makes you sad (a lot), and it can make you cry.NieR:Automata™ is one the best gaming experiences I've ever had so far."
76561198075606614,Recommended,524220,32855462,Posted: 27 June,all,Galzo,Holy ♥♥♥♥ this game made me cry
,Recommended,524220,30657194,Posted: 21 March,all,Sano,"This Game is probably going to win or nominated for game of the year. so please buy it. it's worth every single penny you spend on it.Don't be fooled about having ""20hrs"" Gameplay. Game play including side quests (Mind you is probably like main quests coz characters development and actual plot from the quests affect the main quest) is probably roughly 50 hrs.Don't expect just a ""Slash and Dash"" Game.This game is more than meets the eye. The gameplay itself and it's heavily supported characters and story is going to leave you breathless.My♥♥♥♥♥Clenched about 80 times in 1 playthrough.Cons?>Longer please.Pros?>Story>Character>Gameplay>Story>CHARACTER GODAMMTP.S don't do prologue on Hard.Unless you want to end up like me spending almost 3 hours finishing it.So go. Please. BUY THE GAME. COME BACK HERE AND THANK ME FOR GIVING YOU PURPOSE.FOR GLORY TO MANKIND! *Salutes*"
76561198024218344,Recommended,524220,31086442,Posted: 11 April,all,Gaming Raz,"Everything that lives is designed to end.On a ruined Earth, the last fragments of humanity are locked in an endless war with a robot army. Controlled by a mysterious alien intelligence, these machines have conquered the planet and driven the survivors to flee to a base on the Moon. From here, in a facility known as the Bunker, mankind wages war on the invaders using machines of their own. Androids are sent to the surface to work with local resistance fighters and battle the machines. And one of these androids is a powerful combat model designated YoRHa No.2 Type B, or 2B for short.First there is Motoko Kusanagi from Ghost in the Shell, now there is 2B and she is as much a melancholy Badass female cyborg as Motoko. (I'd like to see these two battle it out)""Proposal: use the enemy's logical learning function to formulate a weakness.""When you experience taking down enemy machines and defeating a massive boss, there is a satisfaction that carries through the game. Whether she’s fighting with a long, samurai sword or a pair of metal gauntlets, the animation is remarkably fluid and graceful equivalent to a choreographed dance. All the while watching when the enemy attacks its eyes flash red, which is your cue to block, counter or dodge. Basic controls that are not complicated.Is this a curse? Or some kind of punishment?Yeah, the port over to PC has issues. Some worse than others from what I've read.Nier: Automata runs good, not perfect, on my Alienware laptop with minor adjustments to the Nvidia control panel.Over all, with the music, graphics, story (multiple endings) Nier: Automata is a classic that will be remembered along the lines with Metal Gear Rising Revengeance and Devil May Cry. Just with a female cyborg :]Will there be a sequel? I'm sure 2B would respond, ""Don't know, Don't Care"""
76561198081149130,Recommended,524220,30619348,Posted: 19 March,all,+1s🐸,"First playthrough: ""That's it? Nothing special? So disappointed!""Second playthrough: ""Yea, I see...something is happening, we are going somewhere...""Thrid playthrough: ""Now, people, THIS, is what we called a MASTERPIECE""The [E]nd of YoRHa:***crying out loud while playing***""damn you Yoko Taro...take it, take everything!""""...just...just let them live, please..."""
76561198261870314,Recommended,524220,30619554,Posted: 19 March,all,Its 9 inches,"This game is amazing, but it does have its flaws. My favorite part about playing is finding a dead body from another player and wondering how they could die in a place like this, only to die 3 min later lol :-: (I'm playing on the hard difficulty).The graphics are decent but not spectacular. A budget pc could run this no problem. The locked 60fps in game and 30fps cutseens is kind of irritating.The combat takes some getting used to, but once you get the hang of it, you'll feel like the sexy android bad♥♥♥♥♥you've always wanted to be.My only real compaint is the minimap and the menus map. In my opinion it's kind of a challenge to understand where things are.So far I'm loving this game, it's the most fun I've had in a single player game since half life (:"
76561198071650529,Recommended,524220,32919987,Posted: 28 June,all,issa nibba diglet,"This game destroyed me like no other book, game, movie, or relationship ever has."
,Recommended,524220,33207039,Posted: 3 July,all,n1njaturk3y,"I can tell you exactly when the last time that I picked a game up and fell in love in the first 3 minutes of gameplay, and it was 3 minutes after I started playing this game. The combat and story are incredibly fluid and entertaining. The changing camera angles offer some fun and helpful perspectives on certian challenges and I can remember only 3 times in the 50 hours I played this game that I got frustrated with the angles and felt it actually hurt my gameplay expreience. My only major gripe is that I want more boss battles, it felt like there were only 3 or 4 true ""Boss"" fights and I personally want more. The game can be as easy or as hard as you want as the difficulty settings are really fine tuned. All the various endings and dialogue easter eggs are well placed and entertaining to either just randomly stumble upon or activly aquire. Completionists be warned that the last major ending (E) is almost impossible to achieve if you play offline, but the game is overall so good that that shouldn't impact your decision to buy this game."
,Recommended,524220,33144412,Posted: 2 July,all,Pinafal,Could not stop playing this game due to the amazing storyline. Soundtrack is brilliant and didn't have a single problem. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,524220,33259054,Posted: 4 July,all,布束砥信,"I will give a high score for Nier Automata because of its excellent story and wonderful screen performance. This game makes me interested in philosophical knowledge such as existentialism nihilism and humanism, and the set of heroine 2B just directly stroke my best fantasy for a android girlfriend (lol). But I've to say the price for me is still high, cause I'm a game player in P.R.China which is still a developing country that the average salary is not high enough to afford $60 for a game. And another reason to criticize this game is there's no Chinese version which makes me to find other simplified Chinese patch to put on it, I cannot get the whole story only with English. That's all what I want to say."
76561198052977850,Not Recommended,524220,31659851,Posted: 9 May,all,aliquis,"Do not recommend due to technical issues.Bought the game on launch, can't play because the game crashes at regular intervalls.Tested different kind of tweaks/mods/drivers, unfortunatly they didn't help.I was stupid enough to believe that they will add a patch that will adress some of the problems. I was hopeful and waited and now  i am in a position that i can't return the game anymore, paid 60€ for a completly broken game...The publisher/developer of this game completly ignores the many technical issues surrounding this pc port, which is unfortunate, because from as little as i have seen and played of the game (because it regularily crashes i have given up on it), ignoring the technical problems, gameplay wise it is a very good game."
,Not Recommended,524220,31688593,Posted: 11 May,all,OMEGA Y E E T,"Great game, the story is incredibly good, before I played I heard the praise it was being given and I thought ""It's just about two androids fighting robots, how deep could it be."" oh boy. It was so much deeper than what I thought I would get, this is one of the best games I've played. The story poses many good questions and throws you into many different emotions. You need to play it about three times (All of which are different versions of the story, so it doesn't really get boring.) to get the full picture. However I cannot reccomend it for the same reason as no one else can. The port is terrible. It runs at a downscaled resolution when you play at 1080p. If you have any 4xx amd card, the game will not work unless you rollback to a driver from 5 months ago just to play without crashing every five minutes. It's not optimized very well, and I've heard of a miriad of other problems. Until there is a patch (Which doesn't seem likely since it's been 3 months and most of these issues are still here) I don't think you should buy it. It's sad because, like I said, it's one of the best games I've played."
,Recommended,524220,34921103,Posted: 13 September,all,RIDLEY,"A really beautiful game that surpass my expectation. Gameplay, story, sound, and characters are absolutely amazing!Especially 2B’s butt ლ(´ڡ`ლ)"
,Recommended,524220,30640444,Posted: 20 March,all,Abd ulR ahman,<3
,Not Recommended,524220,35096328,Posted: 20 September,all,Teeny Tiny,"It's been out forever and you won't fix the ♥♥♥♥ing game. No matter if I use the FAR mod or disable certain CPU cores, I still get a white screen. I paid $40 and I want to play the game but you need to fix it. I might refund if I can't get it to work. If you have a PS4, just buy it on there."
,Recommended,524220,33171568,Posted: 3 July,all,Sifferz,"Buy this game. This is definitely a situation where the more I describe what makes it great, the more I would undermine your experience of playing it. Just know that this is a thoughtful game, and despite appearances, isn't just some trite otaku BS. It may try your patience one or twice, but this game cannot be missed."
76561198169467169,Recommended,524220,30607425,Posted: 18 March,all,DSHAF,"came for 2b's booty, stayed for yoko taro's wild ride"
76561198091671611,Not Recommended,524220,35040140,Posted: 17 September,all,Republic_Duck,"I literally can not play this game. All the time you see I have on this game, is me trying to get it to work."
,Not Recommended,524220,31551563,Posted: 4 May,all,YamiCodenamed,"Buying this game for a PC is just not worth it at the moment because of the issues.Unfortunately the game just kept crashing on me no matter what i did to the settings. It would completely crash when starting a new game (but not when loading that one) and the window would go completely blank in combat sometimes (the game is still running but the display is white). This seems to be an issue for AMD GPU's and maybe just the RX series specifically.Another issue i had with the game is the port itself... i think for the year 2017 its quite odd to have a third person game without proper mouse support (I am aware that there is supposed to be support for it... but unfortunately i could only use the mouse in menus...). I get that this is a port but please at least show some love for the PC users and allow us to control the camera and attack with the mouse. The graphics options menu is also lacking, eg no controls for Particle Density, Reflection Quality, Field of View, separate Character and Terrain texture quality.Will be returning to this game if some of the issues are fixed (and hopefully updating this review), but for now its just not worth the 60 euro with the crashing issues and no proper optimization for pc."
,Not Recommended,524220,34873079,Posted: 10 September,all,Aru,"The game itself is probably good, but I cannot recommend it because it is a VERY badly ported console title. The menus are terrible, there is some graphical defect that looks like bad software scaling (everything is blurry), the controls are terrible, the camera is terrible, graphics are poorly optimized. The controls and camera are the most glaring problems. Suffice it to say, that they will be your primary enemies from beginning to end, not the gameplay difficulty, and no matter the difficulty setting. AAA pricing for a port of borderline unplayable quality is the publisher's insult to desktop gamers.The blurriness can be fixed with a third party mod, but the mod itself has a DRM check. What is our modding community coming to?The camera can be made substantially better by configuring it properly in the game settings. Every setting, with the exception of two, should be at minimum or maximum. But it remains terrible.----------The review takes into account all currently possible improvements to the gameplay experience. I even used an external script to improve the controls a little. But in the end, it is simply a very badly ported console title, and kludges cannot make up for this. The port itself is your most ferocious enemy, which makes for a very unsatisfying game."
,Not Recommended,524220,34888692,Posted: 11 September,all,newgreatoneontheblock,"I couldn't possibly write a real review of the game because I only got to play the tutorial before crashing. This is after updating (and downgrading) video card drivers, using community fixes like FAR, etc. This game is clearly playable for a lot of people, but after seeing that there's zero official response from developers for issues after months, I've decided to refund it. I don't have time to devote another hour to fixing Square Enix and Platinum's port.If you're thinking of buying this game, I recommend finding some other way of trying it out first before actually exchanging money for it.edit: I finally played it on PS4. The game itself is excellent. Just wish the port was playable."
,Recommended,524220,35405789,Posted: 1 October,all,fri_freeman,My voice may not reach you. But one thing is certain. You've got us with you.
76561198040030741,Recommended,524220,30728201,Posted: 25 March,all,horheristo,Play it on Hard or play it on YouTube.
,Not Recommended,524220,31408273,Posted: 27 April,all,GvXx,SE is piece of sh*t for price changing.
,Recommended,524220,31355668,Posted: 25 April,all,how do i quickscope,"++soundtrack++great story+replayability+fluid combat (with controller)+flexible gameplay+boar drifting~decent graphics~normal is too easy, hard is too difficult-GPU heavy-tool needed to force borderless mode-looks bland without gfx tools9/10 very fun and worth the price"
76561198025423076,Recommended,524220,32889101,Posted: 27 June,all,Potato Aim,"Despite its technical flaws (*insert bad pc port joke here) this game was every bit worth the $60 pricetag.  There are fan made mods that make the game run smooth as butter, making it my favorite game of 2017 so far by a long shot.Also, being able to buy achievements is 10/10."
76561198120832346,Not Recommended,524220,31928738,Posted: 23 May,all,Phillip J Fry,"Really good game, but when you buy it, you're risking $60 on a game that could possibly work with no problems, or stop after a few days and never launch again. If you put too many hours into the game (Happened to me) then you can't get a refund. I paid $60 for a game that stopped working and they refuse to give me a refund because i played it too long. The damn thing is broken. I want my money back."
,Not Recommended,524220,33876777,Posted: 29 July,all,AwesomeAssassin,"No matter how good the game is, it doesn't excuse the bad optimization and support the game's been getting. The game still requires you to use a third party software just to be able to run in full screen at 1080p. And it's been like that since launch. Speaking of optimization, this game is simply not playable(with decent FPS) on low-mid range gaming PCs. Even with a GTX 1060 (6 GB Vram), I could only get around 50 FPS on the highest settings. And the cutscenes are locked at 30 FPS, although not THAT big of a deal, is still a pretty odd choice. I would not recommend the game at its current state as I believe supporting a game that does not respect their customers, even after 4 months since launch just encourages the company to not give a crap about fixing their game. I will update this review if and when the game is fixed/updated."
,Recommended,524220,31500901,Posted: 1 May,all,Genova,'' Glory....to humankind ''
,Not Recommended,524220,34894850,Posted: 11 September,all,Garmonbozia Cenotaph,"patch your game, dummies"
,Recommended,524220,32674403,Posted: 23 June,all,rhythmicthinking,t h i c c android waifu! T H I C C!
76561197993397536,Not Recommended,524220,34826294,Posted: 8 September,all,Piellar,"Despite installing the fan-made FAR patch which made actual 1080p full-screen possible, I still suffer from screen freezes within 10 minutes into the tutorial. On the 6th attempt, I froze during the tutorial boss, and I had to start everything over again, with no way to skip cutscenes. I have a GTX 770 and can play beautiful games like Dark Souls 3 and Final Fantasy XIV with no problem.My verdict: Don't buy this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥PC port, Square-Enix will never patch it (it's been 6 months since release and no news). If you really want to play, buy it on PS4 to dodge the hail of bullets of technical issues."
,Not Recommended,524220,34908509,Posted: 12 September,all,trapdad,"Good game, bad PC port do not buy."
,Recommended,524220,30668054,Posted: 22 March,all,Zhnigo,"WELCOME TO YOKO TARO'S WILD RIDE+ Yoko Taro's trademark peculiar direction, with gentle swings from sardonic humor to an emotional equivalent of getting kicked in the balls. Five canon endings requiring roughly three and a half playthroughs, with twenty-one more ""joke"" endings thrown in for good measure.+ Pacing is built to keep the player engaged with something surprising continually happening throughout the course of the game, in plot as well as presentation and gameplay.+ A world with an original premise and detailed lore behind it, which opens up little by little as you get through the plot and sidequests+ Platinum Games' fast paced melee combat - button masher friendly, but with enough depth to satisfy hardcore players. The combat animations are top notch.+ Pod Programs and Plug-in Chip systems offer solid customization options. Build your character into the equivalent of Bayonetta, Jetstream Sam, a bullet grazing Touhou girl, or anything in between.+ Android butt- Routes A and B cover the same plotline from different perspectives, so a second playthrough will feel repetitive.- Poor difficulty balance - normal mode is too effortless while hard is too punishing.- Treks over the open world are a hassle before fast travel is unlocked.- Completionists may expect a good amount of grinding.+- Though the plot is largely self-contained, those who didn't play Nier/Drakengard before will miss out on a good amount of references to the previous titles, some humorous and some bittersweet.+- BEWARE OF SPOILERS. The less you know about the game, the more impact it will have.+- Quoting Yoko Taro's interview, ""The game will have a happy ending. Maybe.""Verdict:Heartily recommended. You can dodge every attack and every bullet, but you can never dodge the feels."
,Not Recommended,524220,34959643,Posted: 14 September,all,Inquisitor Penguin,"Pretty bad port. You can't even change the resolution. I mean, they have an option that pretends like you can change the resolution, but it doesn't work. I don't own any screens that are 1680x900, so this game winds up looking like up-scaled trash."
76561198101618540,Not Recommended,524220,31407213,Posted: 27 April,all,Saltfish2296,-Mysterious resolution on 1080P-Mysterious FPS-GTX960 is going to explode
,Recommended,524220,30651133,Posted: 21 March,all,Boom Shaka Laka #Agony,This game is adventureand beauty for FPS games!!>Fast Game>Full control mouse and keyboard>good story mode>Love this game!
76561198041951425,Not Recommended,524220,33039183,Posted: 30 June,all,DatBuddy,"When I bought this game it crashed three times in the first 10 minutes of gameplay (AMD Graphics card). New drivers should fix the issue, or so I've heard. However, as the game apparently needs a 3rd party mod to make it work properly (performance etc.), I cannot recommend this game at this price.In fact, I have refunded the game and don't intend to rebuy it until the game developers themselves fix the game."
76561198044342562,Not Recommended,524220,31798544,Posted: 16 May,all,[Griot] Skeletor,"Alright, I truly am in love with this game.So why ""No recommend""?  This port is trash (big surprise). The game runs mostly smooth, but you hit a cutscene, then drop to 30fps and enjoy the smooth white-water rapid stability.They have not corrected this since release; which is unacceptable. If this gets fixed by the devs, ill switch it and give it a full review. Until then, I cannot say this is worth full-price."
,Not Recommended,524220,34995555,Posted: 16 September,all,BurntNorton,"In the short time I played this game, it white-screen crashed twice. I got a refund, but I'll happily buy it again if the technical problems get sorted out properly."
,Recommended,524220,30636949,Posted: 20 March,all,ロード・キャメロット,One of the best games ever definitly worth 60€.
76561198334733997,Not Recommended,524220,35166561,Posted: 23 September,all,UnkindledAsh,"Nier Automata is a fantastic game, unfortunetly the pc port is awful and has yet to receive a single patch to fix its problems. among these are constant crashes, broken resolution in fullscreen(it runs at 900p), low fps,fps drops, stuttering, low LOD, alt tab locks to windowed mode, denovo drm despite the game being cracked, and I have also encountered broken shadows as well. until the game is patched, stay away fromt his game and learn from my mistakes."
76561198037854620,Recommended,524220,30577910,Posted: 17 March,all,Karma,"Running an i5 4670k and a GTX 1070, Game is running flawlessly maxed out with Vsync and AA on too. Playing at 1440p, running at 4k seems to give me 4 FPS but I can deal with not running 4k as the game is Visually Beautiful!The only cons I have at the minute are the Screen resolution bug, it seems to reset every time i tab out into windowed, also the pre-rendered cutscenes look 100x worse than the actual game.Also the sound track and story arre amazing so far!"
76561198074661877,Not Recommended,524220,35130164,Posted: 22 September,all,Mambo,"Amazing game, you should definitely try it out!However the fact that you can't even properly play it in fullscreen mode without installing a mod is absolutely beyond belief. Shame on you Square Enix for not providing the proper support this great game deserves! Shame on you!"
,Not Recommended,524220,31822459,Posted: 18 May,all,Nesque,"The game is really fun and nice to play, but the PC port is flipping aweful.And with no fix in sight I can't help but have to warn people to stay away until there is a patch.I refunded it, if you wanna try it, I'd recommend staying below the 2h playtime before making up your mind on it."
,Not Recommended,524220,32997598,Posted: 29 June,all,Dineren,"Brilliant game with terrible support on PC. At launch the game would not properly render graphics at the selected resolution. A mod called FAR was released which fixed the issue shortly after and enabled everyone to playthrough the game and enjoy an otherwise great game. So why the negative review? Square Enix has STILL not fixed this bug. In fact, they haven't released a single bug-fix patch (though they of course were able to release paid DLC).It is absolutely ridiculous considering how well the game has sold to treat your playerbase like this."
76561198063103466,Not Recommended,524220,33719954,Posted: 22 July,all,Stray_Cat_Fly,"From the sale to the present has been several months, there is no update to repair BUG. If the vendor thinks the game is not worth paying, let him die"
,Not Recommended,524220,35124058,Posted: 22 September,all,necronomiclown,Developer refuses to patch the game; unacceptable.
,Not Recommended,524220,30600562,Posted: 18 March,all,Meyrink,"I won't reiterate all the technical issues this game has currently for the majority of owners, including the starry eye'd fans giving it high praise despite acknowledging it barely runs for them. I'm just going to mention the one that affects me directly.The entire Nvidia 7xx series of GPUs have constant crashing, every 10~15 minutes. Here is a steam community thread about it:http://steamcommunity.com/app/524220/discussions/0/135511913382921167/If you have a 780 Ti, 780, 760, or 770 - DO NOT BUY THIS GAME IN IT'S CURRENT STATE. WAIT FOR A PATCH BEFORE BUYING.I cannot recommend this game to anyone not running a literally state-of-the-art bleeding-edge gaming beast (I'm talking top end hardware, 1080 GTX, 6th gen i7, 16GB corsair ram, etc). And let's stop to think about that for a second. This is a PS4 PORT, which runs at 1080p 60fps LOCKED on console. Yeah, no. SquareEnix really screwed up and this port is absolute trash."
,Not Recommended,524220,31949877,Posted: 25 May,all,anewnoob,"Unfortunately, the game wasn't able to display the choosen resolution of 1080p. Either I had to deal with ugly black bars and an smaller screen than I'm used to, or it would give weird artifacts. During my relatively short playtime of 40 min, I had already 3 crashes. Unbeliveable that there hasn't been a patch to fix those bugs, but hey, the ""Revealing Outfit"" DLC is already available for 13€! Refunded.Maybe worthwhile after it's half the price, if the bugs get ever fixed.Animations and the soundtrack were very nice though. Gameplay in the first 40 min reminded me of an Arcade shooter, but that might change later on."
,Not Recommended,524220,34431775,Posted: 23 August,all,siegeh25,"garbage ♥♥♥♥ing port man, even the FAR mod makes the game completely unplayableeither wait for Plat to update it (which will never happen) or get it on PS4"
,Not Recommended,524220,30733781,Posted: 25 March,all,DaveBot,"EDIT: To those of you who think it's unfair that I'm giving the game a thumbs down, I cannot with good conscience recommend something that doesn't play through the tutorial without crashing on an Nvidia 780 Ti card, 16GB of RAM and an Intel i7 core with 3.4GHz. I'm ok with performance drops, not with outright crashing into unplayability.I THINK this is a good game. It feels like it from the tutorial. The tutorial which I've played about eight or nine times now because the game is constantly crashing, there's no autosave functionality and some good distance before you're allowed to save, as I've never reached that point before crashing. Even with the unofficial community patch that's out now, I'm still having a lot of issues. And yes I'm playing on an Nvidia card with an Intel i7 GPU so I'm not having any of those AMD-issues, it's crashing for an assortment of reasons, unfortunately.I'll write a proper review once the game gets fixed. Until then, I can't really recommend something that's as unstable as this. It still works for a lot of people but it seems to be a lottery of hardware and driver-combinations whether or not you're one of those people.Still, I don't regret buying the game, just hoping there's some official fixes coming soon."
76561197993524223,Not Recommended,524220,34070406,Posted: 6 August,all,Isean,"This negative recommedation is for those of us with a GTX 780 and the technical issues that it brings with it.I originally bought the game during the summer sale and the game often crashed with a white screen. I have a GTX 780 so this is a pretty common and known issue. I bought the game AGAIN shortly after Nvidia announced through Steam on July 28th, that this issue was fixed with the latest drivers. I have downloaded the latest driver and still cannot get past 10-15 minutes in the game before I crash...This time the game just freezes instead of going to a white screen, but it still plays in the background since I can hear my controls still working. I am highly disappointed in the fact that there was a patch notes claiming a fix, but its still not fixed. I even bought the game at full price because I have been wanting to play it for so long now. I am done after my latest refund, I do not think this will ever work on my current rig. I am just going to suck it up and watch a good Lets Play or something now."
,Not Recommended,524220,32839133,Posted: 26 June,all,PlagueofMidgets,People shouldn't be giving positive reviews for a product that was abandoned. They haven't released a single patch for the issues that have been there since launch and had the nerve to release a $14 DLC instead. Players are forced to use a fan made tool to fix the game if they want to play it properly. People slammed GTA V with negative reviews and they finally decided to do something. Perhaps the same thing needs to happen here. The fact that random users on Steam have to inform people how to fix this game is sad. If people keep buying the game with the issues intact the developer/publisher have zero motivation to actually do anything about it. I believe this is why Dark Souls still isn't fixed on PC. People keep buying it regardless of being forced to use a fan made tool to make it somewhat playable. The developer/publisher don't have a reason to care if they aren't losing money.I suggest other users change their reviews to something similar so they see people aren't happy with the current state of the game. The game would easily be worth purchasing if the issues are ever fixed. Thanks for taking the time to read my review.
,Recommended,524220,30691662,Posted: 23 March,all,TheFantasyHero,"+Well-Written Story+Decent Gameplay for an ARPG+Nice Martial Art Animations+Solid Leveling System+Wonderful OST+Realistic and Well-Created Locations+BEST CREDITS EVER+Apocalypse Feeling+Pods+YoRHA Units+Commander+Bunker+2B and A2 Hentai+Tons of Twins+Extra A***-Small Beebs(At least comparing to other anime-style titles :DDDDD)HYPOTHESIS: This game could have been the GOTY if it had Extra Beebz.PROPOSAL: 1.Remove any foolish anime games from your Library,2.Grab a box of tissue3.and a nice voice output device like a headphone4.Buy This Game5.Play6.Cry7.Sacrifice your Save DataGG WP"
76561198008410148,Not Recommended,524220,30638382,Posted: 20 March,all,Burn One Twice,"If you have Nvidia anything, do not purchase this game until they release a patch that addresses our issues. Does not utilize your full screen, has this weird shake, and even at maximum settings the textures are horribly rendered. By request, I can supply pictures.Specs:i5-6600KGTX 1070ASUS Z170-A16GB RAMI've tried to play it as it is as you can see, at least 3 hours of my playtime was spent attempting to troubleshoot this horribly optimized game."
,Not Recommended,524220,33203408,Posted: 3 July,all,CircumSamurai,"TL;DR - Otherwise seemingly great game, but with the 2 computers I played it on, it had bugs, crashes, and framerate issues up the wazoo. The mouse & keyboard controls were also fairly lackluster as well, though with controller it was fine. While the game is good, be aware that you *may* experience game breaking port issues with your PC set up, with community fixes only *possibly* being able to fix this. -Nier Automata seems like an absolutely awesome game, but for me & the two rigs I played this on, it was not. Both of these PC's are admittedly behind the times, but this doesn't excuse the inconsistent quality of the port along with poor M&K control choices. On foot M&K controls were ok, though not as smooth as with a controller. The worst instance of M&K controls were the forced bullet hell sections of the prologue, where you seemingly needed 3 hands to properly utilize all of the options given to you.Rig 1 ran the game as smooth as butter. That is until cut-scenes arrived, and the game stuttered until the cutscenes ended. Oh yeah, and then the game froze during combat. Combined with no auto saving (Along with no saving at all during the prologue), this meant having to replay the prologue multiple times until I gave up.Rig 2 was having issues from the start. The framerate was tanking for no reason, until funnily enough a cut-scene appeared. During cut-scenes everything was as smooth as a movie. But when gameplay initiated, it was sluggish, delayed, & awful. I luckily didn't experience any crashes (As far as I played...), but the FPS in gameplay as opposed to cutscenes leads me to believe something was bugged, so I gave up.Now, you might think it's harsh to give up, especially when I had 2 PC's to try it on, but I gave up for a reason. I should have heeded other negative reviewers advice, & just tried to buy the game on PS4 in the first place. If I'm going to buy a video game, I don't want to have to research how to make the game playable, when it should be playable in the first place. As far as I can see, it's a *much* safer bet to buy this game on PS4 if you can, as your chances of having issues on PC may be fairly large. I know not everyone has a PS4, so if you don't have that option then I am sorry. So if you choose PC, try to keep in mind the Steam refunds, in case the game ends up being incompatible with your set up.I know not everyone ran into problems with this port, & that's great for you, but I'd much rather get a refund & try to play this on PS4 instead. If the game ever gets a major patch fix, then this review will probably be obsolete. But as it is now, Nier Automata was unplayable on the 2 PC's I played them on, making this a negative recommendation from me. I wanted to enjoy the game, but it being broken out of the box is a deal breaker. Even if it is fixable with community mods, the ever looming threat of crashes discourages me, and I'm just going to take the easy route with PS4."
,Recommended,524220,30601629,Posted: 18 March,all,❤ ma1ymil0-chan,I see there are many negative reviews whining about the port.Stop complaining.The port will be fixed.The damn game is excellent.Buy it already.
,Not Recommended,524220,33719915,Posted: 22 July,all,Prepare ur anus( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Even after 4 months it seems they still haven't fixed the game-breaking bugs evident in this port. I was really excited to play this game but after about half an hour of playtime the game crashes and is replaced by a blank, white screen while the game runs in the background. Due to the way this game's save system works this means I can't progress past the tutorial. Which is a damned shame. I've put in for a refund, maybe if they actually fix this bug I'll consider buying it again."
,Recommended,524220,30783394,Posted: 27 March,all,Achiel,"Here we have NieR: Automata. A Yoko Taro game.While the prologue is a mish-mash of genres from shoot 'em up, top-down, sideview, and then your normal third person mode. It's actually a solid game. Though, beware of prologue on hard mode as there are no save points in the prologue. So one death/mistake makes you restart that whole segment. A trial by fire segment.Once you get past that though, you get to explore the barren wasteland of the world that is now taken over by robots and who knows whatever else happened to it after the 10,000+ years that past for Earth. Gameplay is pretty solid on a controller. Keyboard and Mouse is only friendly in third person mode, minus the dedicated dodge/run button controller has. (KBM has to double tap a direction for the dodge/run).I haven't completed the game yet, but it's actually been really fun so far if you like a post-apocalyptic world filled with humanoid androids and a possible ♥♥♥♥ery story by Yoko Taro.ALSO, A MAJOR NOTE IN REGARDS TO PERFORMANCE. The game's AA is actual MSAA (Multisample Anti-aliasing). So it's extremely taxing on performance if you're wondering why the game may run badly on your machine. The alternative is to just let the built-in shader AA from Ambient Occlusion do the AA instead for more performance."
,Recommended,524220,30576522,Posted: 17 March,all,ǝɔǝuɐʞ,i5 7500k16gb ram960 2Gbhigh 720p -60fps with some frame dropmedium 1080p - 45-40 but fullscreen for 1080p is currently not working stretched but window works but no borderlessbut there hasnt  been day one patch for it yet from me typing this.And cutscenes are capped at 30fps but without the counter you wouldnt notice itnow with that out of the way OMG is this game fun. if your worried about preformance hold off on purchase but if u want really play it. GET IT no regrets
,Recommended,524220,30710411,Posted: 24 March,all,Rectangle,"I can't quite explain how it makes me feel, but it's as if this world has meaning. It's so powerful. I really do love it.I'm not even exaggerating there. I genuinely feel the greatest sense of satisfaction. It's not the post game depression, I'm completely happy to leave what I have done the way it is, and to continue in this world.10/10"
,Recommended,524220,30648967,Posted: 21 March,all,Saty,"NieR:Automata... This Game is a Masterpiece with an unbeatable Gameplay, amazing/unique Story and Characters combined with some good looking Graphics and for me one of THE Games of 2017 :)(Detailed informations below after the overall rating)My Rating:Gameplay10/10Soundtrack:10/10Graphics:8/10Story:10/10Gameplay:RPG Elements:In my opinion... The Gameplay is the biggest Reason why you should get this Game. You have access to 4 different Weapon types, each with his own fighting style and every Weapon type has multiple Weapons that provides multiple different special Effects if you upgrade them! Like Attackspeed+, Crit or Stun chance & many more. In addition you will have access to multiple Pods (flying companions)! Each Pod brings his own ranged Weapon type like a Gatling or Rocket launcher for example. The Pod can also equip a special Ability for you. And if this isn't enough... you will come across Computer Chips that will allow you to customize 2B's Perks and Abilities. You can unlock Abilties like beeing immortal for 0,5s after recieving damage or reflecting x% damage. Or you increase your health, defense, attack, movespeed or any other stats. The possibilities are huge... You can even change the hud with these Chips.The Battles:The Enemys and Battles will most likely never be the same. As you progress through the game every Enemy unit will provide some surprises for you. Like new Equipment, Weapons or even new fighting styles. And you have to be beware of that you will be forced to fight your Enemys not only in 3rd person... Some Locations and espacially some Bosses will force you to fight in different perspectives. So you will suddenly find yourself in a side-scroller or some sort of top-down Shooter... it feels like time-traveling through the History of Gaming while you still play NieR:Automata xD It's just amazing.Soundtrack:I think its some sort of personal taste :) In my opinion the music is well chosen and fits perfectly to every location and situation in the game.Graphics:The Graphics are very good overall. The Characters and Enemys look amazing. There are also some very stunning Places in the Game often combined with some very nice Effects. The Game is full of special Effects and makes the Battle feel even more exciting and challenging. Anyway... There have been better looking Games already and some Textures/Objects in the open World could be classified as some sort of defective Appearance. But in my opinion NieR:Automata still looks better then the Majority of Games out there at the moment.Story:In NieR:Automata you slip into the Role of 2B an Android that is designed for battle accompanied by the Android 9S some Scout type Android. Like many other Androids you have the Mission to occupy the earth back for the Humans that have been defeated and nearly wiped out by a giant Machine Army that has been send by Aliens long time ago. But things aren't that simple. Very soon you will come across many in peace living Machines who don't want to fight... While your Orders are strict and don't allow you to show mercy. The Developers surely knew how to make the Players feel insecure about their Decisions. And you have to make many Decisions that should be well chosen in view of 26 possible Endings. Thats all i will tell you :) I don't want to spoil anything of this amazing Story.Hint: I would advice you to play this Game with a Controller. Maybe it's just me... But it was much harder for me to dodge the Enemy's attacks with the Keyboard."
76561198072738316,Recommended,524220,30711466,Posted: 24 March,all,123,Cured my gayness. 10/10
76561198045174007,Recommended,524220,30841410,Posted: 30 March,all,ZeroPrime,"This game is absolutely gorgeous! The combat is fun and challenging and the story is amazing, I want to keep playing to discover every bit of it!"
,Recommended,524220,32855172,Posted: 27 June,all,Vensker,"Beautiful game. After my first playthrough I already got a lot more out of the game than I expected. I am looking forward to playing the other endings too. NieR:Automata is a masterpiece that shines with its beautiful music, visuals, quality gameplay and replayability. Definetly a must buy for anyone whos looking for a fantastic single player experience."
,Recommended,524220,31301887,Posted: 22 April,all,Pro90,"NieR:Automata is a triumph of game design, bringing together multiple genres of gaming and storytelling elements to create an amazingly beautiful and unique game. The hack and slash gameplay is fast and fluid, similar to previous Platinum Games titles like Metal Gear Rising/Bayonetta, while also incorporating bullet hell and open-world RPG elements. The story explores many personal themes and tells a beautiful story with nuanced characters in a very interesting world. I absolutely suggest playing this game through endings A-E and reading all the archives you come across to get the most out of the story.Additional Pros:+ Level design is superb+ Amazing soundtrack+ Plenty of content with a good amount of variety, >30 hrs on my first playthrough+ Runs at a smooth 60 fps, but some problems (see below)Cons:- Gameplay becomes a bit repetitive towards the end (common in long hack-and-slash games)- Some problems with drivers can cause white screen glitchesOverall NieR:Automata is an amazing game with an equally amazing story. It is a masterpiece in game design and I wholeheartedly recommend playing it."
,Recommended,524220,32865281,Posted: 27 June,all,Kranil,Best game 2k17
,Recommended,524220,32949053,Posted: 28 June,all,Capnjeego,2B best grill 10/10 waifu.
,Recommended,524220,30677301,Posted: 22 March,all,Boxanne,"Alright, time for my in depth review.NieR: Automata delivers really fluid gameplay with elements of Danmaku, Action RPG, Hack and Slash 2D Platforming in certain areas and very fast gameplay to add it all together. The game is brilliant and it has a lot of Android butts :^)NieR offers a lot of game time, the 36 hours I have on record is just me getting to the True Ending of NieR, that doesn't include side quests and searching for the weapons and Pod Programs.Spoiler? Alert:The very end of Route E offered the hardest decision ever imaginablePrepare for a roller coaster of emotions, you may be able to dodge bullets, but you can't dodge the feelings.Also, A2 is best Android, fight me.The Pros outweigh the Cons... TBH, I don't have any Cons for this game, it's a 10/10 game in my books and I'll continue to play it."
,Recommended,524220,32841981,Posted: 26 June,all,☮Get Mekd Bro☮,I liked when 2b swatted the camera away when I was trying to look up her skirt. It's the only time a woman has awknowledged me.
,Recommended,524220,30676848,Posted: 22 March,all,NOIP,You might be able to cut robots with sharp swords. But the story and music cut deeper.
,Recommended,524220,31860872,Posted: 20 May,all,Piercy,"First things first, ive had literally 0 problems with crashes or freezes.Second, this game is phenominal.  I just played my first play through and absolutely love it (ps theres 26 endings but supposedly the first 3 are considerted ""completion"").The soundtrack is god tier, i usually turn music down but it went straight up in this game.  Its glorious.  The gameplay is fun, hard, intense theres lot of things to learn to help get better.  Absolutely love nier.  Buy it and you won't regret it."
,Recommended,524220,30838602,Posted: 30 March,all,Gas the Gnoblins,10/10 would try to launch for 2 hours again
,Recommended,524220,30773709,Posted: 27 March,all,Reoll,"I could not put this down. For 7 days straight I dedicated all my free time into this game; the experience was beautiful.Director Yoko Taro plays with your emotions like a fiddle, creating moments where you just can't help but feel trapped in the heavy feelings that you find yourself absorbed in. Accompanied by powerful storytelling, excellent game design, diversified gameplay, and a mesmerizing soundtrack that will send chills up your spine, Nier: Automata is in my books as one of the best single-player games I have had the joy of experiencing.This gamewillexceed your expectations. Over and over again.Don't let the ""ending"" fool you, continue playing your save if you haven't already. There is a lot more waiting for you."
,Recommended,524220,31271354,Posted: 21 April,all,Vermilion,"I don't buy games at full price because usually you don't get your value for money. After watching a 25 minute review on YouTube I was hooked. I bought the game and 5 hours in I knew this was a GOTY material. (Currently on 3rd playthrough Very Hard, going for 100%)You can see by playing that the game is made with passion. Every aspect of the game (the world, characters, gameplay, combat, story, etc) is amazing. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a story and gameplay this much. In fact, I don't feel like playing anything else but Automata, even though I have ME: Andromeda (huge fan of ME) and other new titles installed.This game is the first time I hear about Yoko Taro but I'm glad he has the guts to experiment with the medium. I'm hoping we'll see more of Mr. Taro in the future.And as for the competition, Nier: Automata has set the bar so high that I'm hoping we'll see some shift in future games from other companies, rather than another recycled game with new/similar maps.I can't put in words how amazing the feeling and experience Automata is. You wil REGRET not playing this until the end and not getting 100% completion or close to it.SPOILERS:The game has 25 endings and a true ending. Just that tiny moment of gameplay is more than any game out there has ever given you. It is something I haven't seen in other games yet, and by breaking the 4th wall, you will feel amazing, while crying like a little ♥♥♥♥♥. 10/10I am TRULY... TRULY sure YOU WILL LOVE IT.Thank you everyone."
,Recommended,524220,30791596,Posted: 28 March,all,saiaku,My favorite game on steam.
76561198202210389,Recommended,524220,33156248,Posted: 2 July,all,Fox,"An astounding work of art. It truly is. I genuinely can't think of a game that has managed to be more of an emotional wreck to me than this one has. I'd highly recommend playing this, both for it's addictive gameplay and well written story."
76561198096225056,Recommended,524220,31602226,Posted: 7 May,all,Yolky,"NieR:Automata has to be one of, if not the most, interesting and unique games I've played in the past years.The game has everything from a great story that will leave you questioning what it really takes to be ""human"" to an intense combat system that can only come from Platinum Games.While keyboard and mouse are viable it is best to use a controller.The game can take about 30-40 hours to beat the main story while having plenty of side quests to do.TL;DR Great game with an amazing story and combat."
,Recommended,524220,33114712,Posted: 1 July,all,Yumkin,it has some resulotion problems ...BUT ITS THE BEST ....I LOVE U 9S <3
76561198044260487,Recommended,524220,32798829,Posted: 25 June,all,LightlySalted,"DISCLAIMER: I absolutely cannot recommend this if it does not run on your machine. As of right now, certain builds will experience various game breaking issues such as fps drops, stuttering, and freezes. However, I recommend going throughthis guidein order topossiblyremedy most of the issues.Now, let's get started.StoryThe game features an incredibly impactful story that will most likely leave you with a nasty case of post-game feels. Unfortunatly, there's no immediate cure at the moment so know that I at least warned you. The story itself deals with many interesting themes, asks many difficult questions, and delves into issues that will leave you questioning yourself. By the end of it, and I mean the ENTIRE* end of it, it left me completely awestruck and emotionally vulnerable (no I wasn't crying at all...well...maybe just a little ;_;)Apart from the main story, the game features many sidequests that do not feel at all like chores to do, or a way to grind some exp. These quests blend within the main plot and serve to flesh out the smaller details of the world in game.*The story does not end after the first ""ending"". At that point you've only touched the surface of the story. The game is actually divided into several major ""routes"" and each route provides more insight into the overall story. In order to experience the full story, you must play through each of these routes.GameplayIt's an action game with very light RPG elements. As such, the gameplay feels very simple and intuitive. The leveling system is straightforward. With each level you gain your stats will increase, so no stat management (May be a plus or minus to some people). The combat is seamless; animations flow very nicely; and with numerous combinations for weaponry at your disposal, you will have fun discovering what fits you best. Want to wield a massive greatsword and a spear? Go ahead and marvel at the grace at which your character is able to handle those weapons. Or how about going with smaller and faster weapons such as short swords or combat bracers? Watch as you swiftly dispatch your opponents. In the end, It's all up to you.Though, some may find that the gameplay is actually too simple for it's own good. I can admit that as I progressed through the game, combat became more and more trivial and maybe even slightly tedious. To people who are looking for more of a challenge, try increasing the difficulty, or try and limit your chips (chips are essentially your stat modifiers and provide bonuses such as increased attack, defense, or supportive passives)VisualsGraphically, the game is decent, nothing to write home about. Some environments are just outright jawdropping, yet at the same time many areas of the game appear shoddy and uninspired (barring areas that were intended to look lifeless and/or desolate). It's obvious that most of the attention and detail was placed on the protagonists of the game. Many might disagree with me for various reasons, but I think that the character design is magnificent. Some might call it fanservicey (Again, could be a plus or minus depending on the person), but I think it fits the overall aesthetic for whatever reason. Personally, the contrast between the appearance of the characters and their physical activities adds to the appeal. There's just something about seeing your character gracefully reap through the battlefield in thigh-highs and heels I guess.AudioWhere this game lacks in visuals, it makes up for in it's outstanding music. The atmosphere is single handedly held up by the soundtrack. The world is given life with unique music that makes each area you visit memorable. Quests upon completion play relevent music to reinforce themes to make what you just experienced feel all the more significant. Cutscenes of course are masterfully enhanced by the games beautiful soundtrack as well. It's entirely possible to find yourself walking your character through the open world just to appreciate the music. And unlike other games where the same songs play over and over and eventually turn you mad, the tracks in this game are dynamic. Sure the basic tracks exist, but for most tracks, there are multiple different themes that make up the whole thing for more variation. If you find yourself in combat or just wandering through the woods, maybe you will hear the instrumental theme. Next time it might be the vocals, and after that you might hear a chorus or climax that you haven't heard before. It keeps the music feeling refreshing.Final scoringCategoryScore/10Story10Gameplay8Visuals8Audio10Final score: 9/10"
,Recommended,524220,32097972,Posted: 31 May,all,Mattw0x,Worth buying just for its soundtrack.
76561198049651277,Recommended,524220,30852538,Posted: 31 March,all,Crabby,You can dodge the bullets and blades but you can't dodge the feelsAchieved 100% of everything...took a while...RNG gods were not generous
,Recommended,524220,31248816,Posted: 19 April,all,made in the abyss of suffering,A2 > 2B?
,Recommended,524220,32908526,Posted: 27 June,all,ChuuyZx,Awesome combat. Great story. Nice booty.
,Recommended,524220,31289378,Posted: 21 April,all,"Poptart_Cat ""Yogi""",Game of the year
76561198050051516,Recommended,524220,31450542,Posted: 29 April,all,Haemir,play itone of the best
,Recommended,524220,30626647,Posted: 19 March,all,SheneB | ASUS,The absolute best game I have ever played. Brought tears to my eyes more than a few times. 10/10
,Recommended,524220,30818167,Posted: 29 March,all,-Dragons- Saphire,"spent £40,regret it,played the game and now i dont regret buying it"
,Recommended,524220,30632080,Posted: 20 March,all,MikeWazowski [GZ],"The game has technical issues, I didnt have many of the ones people mentioned, but they are there for a lot of people.There are some unofficial mods out there that fix some of the most common issues people are having though, may want to give those a try.Technical Stuff:For me the problems were resolution & the game not playing nice with gforce experience/shadow play, which made recording gameplay a pain since I would need a different application. Not a big deal honestly if you dont care about this.The resolution problem i had was the game crashed a few times when changing the resolution to 1080, I dont consider this a big deal either because after i finally was able to leave this as 1080 it never did crash again, 12 hours later, finished the first ending and I had 0 crashes.Another technical issue the game has which is not actually a glitch or a bug, but an actual design decision is the game is locked at 60fps and cutscenes at 900p 30fps, this looks god awful specially since everything is nice at 60 and then a cutscene happens and it looks inconsistent and very disjointed, kind of kills the immersion on every cutscene.One other issue that is VERY annoying is the game changes displays when I launch it after a windows reboot/shut down, regardless of what display is selected in the options, it always tries to go to my 2nd monitor instead of the 1st, again not a big deal, but its definitely annoying. Resetting the option(which closes the game for some reason) in settings usually fixes the problem though.Game Itself:The game is great, its tons of fun, the combat is Bayonetta 2 levels of good but with the Gothic loli twist, you can handle 2 main weapons at once with the pods serving as support with gunfire and special attacks, combat is tight, responsive and feels very rewarding.The rest of the game feels very much like a Square Enix game, so expect all the typical cheesy Japanese story stuff that comes from these jrpgs, its still a very enjoyable story though and the multiple endings add a lot of replay value.The world is kind of open, not truly open world like say Witcher 3 or Breath of the Wild, etc. There are bounds to where you can go and what you can explore but what is there is not empty or boring, there is some exploration and sightseeing to do still.The sidequests are not bad either theres a few boring ones, but some of them have decent dialogue that in my opinion add a bit of sense and context to the current status of this version of earth.SoundThe sound in general was good, soundtrack was great but some of the tracks do get a bit repetitive since they are bound to areas you explore and you spend more time in some places than others. Repetitive is not neccesarily a bad thing in this case though, the OST is excellent.Voice acting I think was good, I know the english voice acting is not as great as the original Japanese, but its still very good. 9S Voice actor specially does a really good job.Conclusion:All in all an enjoyable game, Very fun, I wholeheartedly recommend it,Update:Finished all the main endings A, B, C, D & E. All I can say is this game deserves to be played by everyone, I dont believe this type of story can be told in any other medium that is not an actual video game, so just buy this game, you wont regret it."
,Recommended,524220,30713727,Posted: 24 March,all,Sgt. Jason9811,"Absolutely amazing, didn't even realize how much the game changes after the third playthrough. Other than the full screen bug and some cutscene frame drops Nier is rich in story. How you may ask? The weapons when you level them up have their own story, characters have their own story, side ones, NPC's, etc. It's mind boggling how invested you get when you do them. It's not always a chore, there is legitimate investment in most of the quests. Hell, you can even ride wildlife around it's so good. I just started on my third playthrough and I'm so emotionally attached to the characters and what happens into the third part of the story I won't spoil but it put me through a rollercoaster of emotions.Battle system is simplistic yet fun, the chips you put into your memory is customizable all the way down to your hud (literally can remove your minimap to equip something that would be more important to you.). There's fishing even though it didn't even need to be in it and that's enjoyable in spurts. The weapons are beautiful and also upgrade to special abilities. There's a lot to this game I haven't found out and I WANT to find it. Also the soundtrack is beautiful. When I stream I turn off my main music so that my viewers can enjoy the beauty that is the Nier: Automata Soundtrack.In the end, Nier: Automata is poetry in motion, fun combat with a rich story. It's definitely worth the price it currently is, even if you live in Canada where it's 80 bucks. Even at 80 it's worth all the money. Thank you Platinum for making a game for a person who never played the first game and is now invested in it."
,Recommended,524220,31310890,Posted: 22 April,all,Thicc Nigga,"Best game 2017, worth the buy"
,Recommended,524220,30620457,Posted: 19 March,all,Vikal,"So far, I've had fun with this game. That does not mean every feature is good. I think this game does an amazing job at most things, but the things it doesn't it is awful at doing. This is my experience 6 hours into the game.Good things:-Characters are not 2d, and show emotion. The dialogue is pretty well written, and I enjoy how the characters passively talk. 2B and 9S talking passively is always interesting, and while it doesn't always further the character developement, it shows the how the characters foil eachother.-This game is amazing at being a 3d bullet hell game. It does an amazing job of making it feel good to dodge and play around the enemies attacks.-The world is beautiful, the graphics could have been better, but that doesn't mean the world isn't beautiful.-This game explains death. Its gives a good explanation of how death doesnt actually end the game.-Weapon variety. The weapons in this game have synergies in power attacks, so they actually work in conjunction.-The game is good at seamlessly transitioning from top down, to sidescroller, to 3d, where you notice it, but it doesnt feel like its forcing you into it.-The controls just feel nice. I know this is bad to put in a review but combat feels fluid and works. One of my major gripes though is shown mainly in the combat.-The music is absolutely stunning and fits the situations it comes in at. I wish they sold the soundtrack.Ok things:-This game has customization I don't understand. It doesn't do a good job of explaining it, but it is deep so I mean good and bad.-The buttons on the normal controller setup are weird, but seem the best out of the options.-Saving works, and it makes sense why they did saving this way, but I feel it restricts the player a bit too much.Bad things:-Now this is going to sound weird, but it is literally impossible to play this game without looking up the main characters skirt. This is not only because of the physics, but mainly the camera, and how it moves when you don't control it. Also a lot of moves in combat trigger in someway the main character to do a flip. I'm here for the gameplay not looking up an andriod's skirt, so I try to avoid acknowlaging it, but even then, I feel like this shouldn't be in this game.-The map is terrible. The game is also terrible at telling you where to go. This works for the game sometimes because it wants you to explore, but when you don't know where to explore it gets hard. My main issue though is with the 3d map, which is extremely hard to read in some areas. The minimap is fine, and I would have loved to see a flat map rather than a 3d voxel map.-The scenery models have bad hitboxes. Every model in this game is good looking and generally has good hitboxes, but a lot of buildings in this game have holes in the walls, but you are unable to walk through them. This looks amazing in the world but it shows the artists didn't communicate with the people actually coding the game or the other way around. Theres so many buildings that should be accessible that aren't and it just feels immersion breaking.-Pausing the game is agravating to do. You can always pause the game, but if you want to access menus you can't be moving. So if you move at all before accessing the pause menu you see a empty screen that says ""paused""Now I've had a lot of fun with this game and think its worth buying. I just suggest you be careful and read more reviews before you buy."
,Recommended,524220,30729905,Posted: 25 March,all,CHA-LA JEFF-CHA-LA,Some of Platinum's best gameplay with a bugnuts story and an amazing soundtrack.2B is really hot also
,Recommended,524220,30763546,Posted: 26 March,all,Voiture,fun
,Recommended,524220,30610559,Posted: 19 March,all,GalaxyHiker,"Pre-review information:I've never played a game in thie universe, or by this publisher, before.I've never played a spectacle fighter (or whatever this game is) before.I'm playing on Normal mode, largely using a controller.PC parts at end of review.Now, the meat of things:OverviewNieR:Automata is a hard game to describe. It regularly switches primary camera angles, and occasionally it gets bored and completely switches genres. You will most definitely want a controller. I use an old XBox USB model, which works wonderfully.The game could do a better job of explaining itself in the early hour. I've been avoiding online resources because I want to approach it unspoiled, and it took me an embarrassing amount of time to realize that there is a sprint function. (Your dodge key is the toggle, by the way.) Don't expect too much handholding, even when it comes to controls.The beginning of the game kits you out with a fairly heavily-upgraded character to make things easier, but it then fails to inform you that it's not making things easier anymore when it takes those upgrades away. Minor quibble, but one that got me my first death.CombatBecause this is what you care about. You're playing a spectacle fighter, for God's sake.Combat is your standard Light Attack/Heavy Attack, with a spammable ranged attack that doesn't interrupt other things, so you can spin merrily around the fight pumping bullets into one enemy and slicing another to bits. Expect to be dodge-dashing a lot, since you don't start out with a whole lot of health to play with.Enemies are leveled, although if you're dodge-dashing like you should be, the only difference between a level 5 enemy and a level 30 enemy is the number of hits it will take to kill it. This is where my biggest problem with NieR:A's combat comes to light:Some enemies, especially bosses, feel like sponges.Upgrading weapons is a bit of a chore (unless I'm just bad at resource-gathering) and the personal upgrades you can get for your character are on the order of 10% extra damage.So how do you deal with slightly-too-spongy enemies? You RIPOSTE! You riposte EVERYTHING! You'll riposte when a ten-foot-tall metal monster steps on your toe. You'll riposte when a wheel excavator slams onto your head. Your enemy riposted your hit? RIPOSTE HIS RIPOSTE. You'll get a big damage bonus for riposting, and you'll pull off some awesome combos in the process, and it'll feel awesome.And that's my overall impression of the combat: It's FUN. It might take a bit too long to get through some bosses, and projectile enemies might be annoying (can't riposte a bullet), but I never found myself frustrated by it because that longer combat is still engaging enough to enjoy.PlotThere's a plot happening, and, 12 hours in, I can proudly say I was wrong when I tried to guess THE TWIST, but is there another TWIST in store for me? No idea. I don't even know how far I am into the story. It's impossible to predict, and nothing ever goes the way you'd expect it to. Those are both positive qualities for me, so I enjoy it.I suppose English VO work should get a mention in this section. It seems to be pretty good so far, pretty well translated and voiced. Characters are voiced inconsistently, though, and I remember one particular conversation where every line of dialogue existed in a text box, then the last exchange was fully-voiced. Minor quibbles, nothing major to note.LooksThe game looks damn good on minimum settings, which is how I run it. Chracter models aren't huge on the screen, so any lack of detail there isn't noticeable, and weapon effects look awesome on Low.Okay, I'm sorry, I have to:The protagonist's posterior is a prominent feature on the screen in most of the 3D camera angles. Very prominent. The short flared skirt (which looks ridiculous in my opinion, but hey, Japan) coupled with the movement animations and cloth physics mean that you will be staring at 2B's mostly-bare butt for a large amount of your playtime.So, you know, there's that.PerformanceMy PC is an aging beast, and was struggling to stay above 20 FPS in 1080p resolution. So, I committed the cardinal sin of PC gaming and scaled down NieR to run at 1366x768 in a window. It now stays at a flawless 60. Constantly. I do not know if this is a bug with 1080p, or if that's just what my poor computer needed, but it works. I've heard complaints about fullscreen bugs, but I'm not in a position to experience them.Something that struck me (or failed to strike me, I should say) is the complete lack of loading screens. It's a fairly large world you can explore, and at no point will it stop you to load the next area (unless you've never been there before, then you'll get a cinematic opener). Loading screens will occur on fast travel, on death, and after cutscenes. They were fairly quick, and this game is not loaded onto an SSD.This game is capped at 60 FPS during gameplay and 30 FPS during some cinematics.Conclusion/TLDRI started playing this game at 4pm today with the intention of seeing if I liked it enougha fter 2 hours to keep it.It is now 4:53AM, and I didn't find myself bored at any point in the intervening time. That gets a solid recommendation in my book.PC Stats:Intel Core i7 870 @ 2.93GHzEVGA GTX 750TI 2GBWindows 7 x6416GB RAM"
,Recommended,524220,30634938,Posted: 20 March,all,supiting,"this review is based on a 2 hours of play and 3 days of researchworth the gambling to buy this game with my below specs requirement:GTX 950Mi7 6700HQ CPU @2,60 GHz8 GB RAMperformance review:-720p medium or 768p low setting (30-45fps), average: 40fps-it never hit below 30fps (so far, except the cut scenes)-playable!-bad port? yes!thanks to:-interesting plot-fine-scripted dialog-great characters-gloomy atmosphere (well executed!)-fluid gameplay-fun+challenging combat systemthis game deserves a 8,5/10 and will be a 9,5/10 after some patch and optimizationconclusion: worth to BUY and SUPPORT the dev to make more of games like this"
,Recommended,524220,30727257,Posted: 25 March,all,kddddddd,"Actually, there is not much to talk here. This game is just brilliant. You should buy it, really <3"
,Recommended,524220,30770406,Posted: 27 March,all,9S,Deleted all my savegames for someone I don't even know.Sick game 10/10
,Recommended,524220,30988775,Posted: 6 April,all,TheOmega,"A masterpiece. This gave me a better, more unique, more awe-inspiring experience than Skyrim or any other popular game I've ever played. Every single second of Nier felt like that first 20 minutes of a big company AAA game that has millions of dollars poured into its budget. I can only hope that this game will continue to get the publicity that it deserves. Absolutely recommended."
,Recommended,524220,31352535,Posted: 25 April,all,Providenze,11/10Perfect ART in each byte.Words cant describe the feelings about this game.Epic.
76561198054929860,Recommended,524220,30645158,Posted: 20 March,all,pandasushi,2 T H I C C
,Recommended,524220,30578935,Posted: 17 March,all,nSane,"This game is amazing, I love every bit of it!It runs great on my GTX 970 / i5 4690 even on high settings.The only issue I encountered so far, it's the fullscreen option at 1080p, the game becomes too blurry and weird.Still, you can easily fix it by using a small app called Bordeless Gaming. I'm pretty sure anyway a patch will come out soon to resolve this problem, but for now this is a good substitude.Update:In the end they never released a patch, but I still recommend this game no matter what <3"
,Recommended,524220,30598380,Posted: 18 March,all,MOLESTER,"NieR: Automata is not perfect, but there is something strange about this game! I don`t know how truly describe the way I felt about it, but I`ll try. This game gives you strange vibes of nostalgia, feeling that can be described like your first love or affection, something that resembles a great joy of just playing this game!Story:Well... i didn`t finish the game, but I`ll say that the story in Nier is not for everyone. At first you don`t need to play the original Nier to enjoy the plot of Automata, but it`s always nice to know the lore and background of the game! So I suggest you watch this video:Lore summary - From Drakengard to NieR Automataand read wikia for additional knowledge. The plot is ummm... weird? Yeah, that`s the best way to portray it. Years and years after the events of original Nier, humanity was on verge of total annihilation because of aliens. During the 14th Machine Armament War, humans are near extinction. With the invasion of the “Living Machines”, humanity had no choice but to abandon the planet, taking refuge upon the Moon. Their only hope lie in an armada of specially configured androids called “YoRHa”. Programmed with human emotions and feelings, they descend upon the surface of the planet to combat the ceaseless onslaught of the Machines. (How ""original"" you may say, but that`s why i suggested you to learn about the lore of Drakengard and original Nier!). So after three years after these events, our protagonist 2B supported by 9S, is sent to the Factory to eliminate their target!- And that kids, is how I met my waifu!Synopsis is weird, but intriguing and like I said not everyones`s gonna like this kind of story! But if you`re a fan of shounen anime or ""typical"" japanese story telling, you`ll love it!Gameplay:One of the most strongest points of the game. Platinum knows how to make sh*t right, so you know exactly that you`ll never get tired of killing robots! NieR Automata has not only a great slashing aspect, but also an RPG. Side quests, loot, open but deserted world, upgrading features and so on. As far as I can say, it`s fun to play!Music:OMG... my ears... they are... cuuuuuming! Each compostion, each melody gives you an eargasm and goosebumps! Each location has it`s own theme and boss fights are freaking epic! It`s ""Platinum"" quality, baby!Graphics:""These are ps2 graphics, and you`re asking me to have gtx 980 to play 60fps for 1080p? Ohhh...♥♥♥♥♥U!""The game is obviously past-gen, but it`s not hideous! It`s just... ok~! Some textures were realy bad, especially on buildings, but it`s not such a big deal! Overall it`s a good looking game with good animations.Port is not the worst, but could have been done better!OverallNieR Automata is a strange game (in good sense). After 7 hours of playing, I really enjoyed the combat, music, setting and charm of Nier`s world! Like I said earlier, Nier gave me strange vibes of nostalgia and happiness. Even though it`s not a perfect game, but it`s NEAR to be called perfect!After finishing this game, I`m sure about one thing! That NieR Automata will always have a special place in my heart just for feeling a kid`s joy of playing video game!9.5/10Whom am I kidding? I just bought this game becuase of 2B`st h i c c♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,524220,31123429,Posted: 13 April,all,kronb,:(
76561198137180130,Recommended,524220,33054768,Posted: 30 June,all,Soul,For the people who want to get this game or have the game already and think their game doesn't work please before refunding try these methods:Update driversTry the far modSet cores (when running the game) to 0 and 2 ctrl+alt+delete -> task manager-> processes -> right click nier -> Set affinityUpdating my drivers worked the best for me
76561198049258006,Recommended,524220,33041742,Posted: 30 June,all,lemmington,This game is one of the few games i actully praise for the sotry. The stroy was certaintly the drive factor for playing the games 3 times to get the 5th ending. It was certaintly a journy i really liked. Also it was my first platinum game i ever owned and the combat is superb. This combination of a intresting story and great gameplay and very good immersion what makes this game just a gem.For perfomance i did get a couple of frame rate issue in the cutscenes but never did i get a crash or serious bug. I only encounterd 1 bug that had me restart a boss battle but it that was everything in my first 40 hour playtrough.
76561198038470170,Not Recommended,524220,34959537,Posted: 14 September,all,KingFG,"I was excited for this game for a while, and when it sale I became ecstatic! I bought it right then and there (even though I was broke and payday was still a week away). Unfortunately the port is complete garbage. When I booted up the game, I couldn't even get 10 fps. I have an acer predator laptop (that new dope one with the curved screen) I run everything on facemelting graphics, so this game should be working just fine. This is just one more lazt port from Squareenix for the PC crowd.Don't buy unless you're prepared to download some mods. It won't work without it."
,Recommended,524220,31458947,Posted: 30 April,all,(´・ω・`),"It is a very great game. In fact if it is possible, I would like to have a try on the previous game in this series, Nier also.It has a nice setting, nice animation, nice cinematic, and a nice (and somehow twisted) story plot. You can actually feel the pain and struggling of each main characters. And of course it has almost the best ost I have had for games. The main plot of this game is filled with the flavour of Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche, a German philosopher, which you may find his name inside the game also.It is quite sad that it is a relatively short game, the story is intense though. So you won't really feel there are useless, pointless part in this game. And a lot of side missions are for you to understand the world in this game and some background of it. It is a game that you can enjoy a lot even if you've never played Nier before."
,Recommended,524220,31461941,Posted: 30 April,all,DimaKrepost,"GOTY for me.Pros:Replayablity built in with variety in NG+ (Including access to previously locked areas)Atmospheric sound design and musicSexy AF character designFast, but tightly controlled combatFishing to grind money easierVisual themes in scenery and characters are very interesting if you're artsyCons:A little bit of FPS loss in cutscenesLittle control of the story (most dialoge options are either ""progess"" or ""delay"" rather than changing anything)English voice acting for 2B is annoying (played entire game Jap with subs, thanks anime addiction)Some bosses are very powerful, requiring cheap tactics and frantic dodging.Controls for some 2D sections are not suited to Keyboard+Mouse (I would suggest a controller if you're used to it)YMMV, but I'm having a blast. Challenge remains even in NG+ or as you level up. Can stack skills to be very effective in one form of combat, but not all."
,Recommended,524220,31370992,Posted: 26 April,all,Sandalphon,"Fluid gameplay, amazing story, beautiful music and a nice butt.What else do you need?"
,Recommended,524220,31699181,Posted: 12 May,all,GameQuoter,"The first time you beat it, it's an interesting weird game with nice characters, and an interesting setting. THe second time you beat it, you'll learn some new angles to the story that enchance what's happened. But the third time will be a serious emotional rollercoaster you are not prepared for. Amazing."
,Recommended,524220,30643168,Posted: 20 March,all,Cool Trainer♂ Voltare,"Great visuals, amazing sound track, complex but dense story told well. Pick it up and try it out. Plus 2B has a fat as-"
,Recommended,524220,31502692,Posted: 2 May,all,Satoverlord,"TL;DR: NieR is a masterpiece that takes you on a emotional rollercoaster with its wonderful story, characters, level designs, gameplay,fan service, butt, cleavageand soundtracks.If you truly love videogaming, you will love NieR:Automata.The game does not end with your first 'playthrough'. The whole story would takes more than 30hrs (with side quests)(coz side quests are worth-to-do). The worldview and the story just keeps on building rapidly during your second and third playthrough. After finishing the whole game and drop a few tears, you would probably start thinking about some deep topics for a few days.Gameplay-wise, the game combines action as well as a lot of arcade elements, which to me, is very refreshing. However the forced-2D vision in some area of the game can be restrictive and bothersome, while in some area it works briliantly.NieR also provide deep customizations of characters' abilities (as in the form of plug-in chips) (Hey! the game even allows you to have more chip capacity by uninstalling HUD!). With a well-designed UI and quick access, each battle can be different and very enjoyable.In terms of graphics, overall, the game is like a beautiful painting you would want to place it at your dining hall. But for some area, the lack of details in some large area does makes the game looks mundane sometimes. Nonetheless, many areas combining with the fitting soundtrack will change your mood accordingly.Character design, well...nothing says more than ""all google image results of ""2b"" is 2b from NieR"". Other than appearance, each character's personality is memorable. You will feel attached to each of them.and smile and cry a lot to their fate and wordsLastly, some words of advise: don't farm so much. The game can become almost challenge-free even on hard if you farm too hard. (Unless you play on very hard, where you die in 1 hit)FINISH [bold]THE WHOLE GAME[/bold], NOT JUST 1 PLAYTHROUGH.Gamepad recommended.And prepare a tissue box. You will need it.Overall, 9/10 (-1 for BAD port and BAD optimization)Recommendation: You can buy at full price; you won't be disappointed. However, imo, waiting for sale is also an option, as Day One Edition bonus really isn't much."
,Recommended,524220,31391891,Posted: 27 April,all,BlackXIV,"This game has a lot of discussion around it already so I'll just confirm a few quick things:- It's longer than 30 hours- It's a bloody masterpiece- It's very easy on normal unless you end up underleveled (or it's just easy to end up overleveled), I suggest hard on the first playthough- the port is NOT perfect, there are issues with graphics and performance on PC"
76561198006843401,Recommended,524220,31573341,Posted: 5 May,all,Cerba,If Kingdom Hearts and Dark Souls had a baby...
,Recommended,524220,30690908,Posted: 23 March,all,noro,"Easily one of the best games I've played to date.NieR: Automata couples Yoko Taro's amazing direction/writing together with some of the best gameplay PlatinumGames has developed to date. The story is emotional and engaging, and spans over multiple playthroughs of the game. The characters in NieR's universe are believeable and have motives behind their actions- the androids and machines have more personality to them thanactualhuman characters in other games. The combat has a ton of depth, as expected of any game developed by PlatinumGames. You could spend the entire game mashing heavy and light attacks, or you could dive in deep and learn combos and different chip builds. It offers plenty in terms of difficulty settings, from the game nearly playing itself up to being killed in one hit from any enemy. NieR: Automata provides as little or as much challenge as you want it to.However, the PC port is where things are more than questionable. The game doesn't have the best graphics out there, and the port is iffy at best. Running it on a GTX 970 at 1080p, I often struggled to get 60 FPS above medium graphics. Hopefully we'll see a performance patch from Square Enix in the near future, as it would pretty much perfect the entire experience.In the end, NieR: Automata is the big break Yoko Taro finally deserves. This game is the best he's directed to date, and hopefully we see more of his work in the future.Final Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,524220,31461127,Posted: 30 April,all,宮本フレデリカ,2B is sexy9S is cuteA2 is awesome6O is best girl
,Recommended,524220,30615256,Posted: 19 March,all,Fernando,"Game is so good I played through it in one sitting. No idea why other's are having trouble even playing it, I launched it and began playing with it just fine, didn't change anything besides contrast, volume and bindings. I did notice that the game dropped frames a few times but it's not like it mattered, it's not like it was game breaking.Overall:Pretty great story on the surface but once you actually get into the story you'll love it (related to spoiler below)Combat is amazingly executed. You switch from multiple perspectives such as top down, side scrolling and in some cases wing suit combat. The combat may seem like a simple spam dodge but at later parts of the game it becomes crucial to time them.I enjoyed exploring the world so much that I spent a couple of hours just going through and searching almost every nook and cranny before progressing the story. Probably best to progress like mid way through the game before you start searching this detailed, you'll still have access to all the areas.Fast travel is by far the worst part of the game because it takes too long. At some points I figured it was actually faster for me to just travel to a location than to fast travel.Music was amazing, it really set the mood for fighting areas and for the scenery it wanted to potrayAfter 20 long hours I thought I beat the game,I felt lilke it was a little short because there was a lot of questions that were unasnwered  but (spoiler)nope, didn't beat the game. Once you ""beat"" the game you just load your game save and play through the perspective of others such as 9s. Turns out, there is TONS more story left, even after these 20 hours9.5/10 only because i disliked the loading screen"
,Recommended,524220,30631040,Posted: 20 March,all,Nagato,For the glory of mankind. One of the best releases in 2k17.
,Recommended,524220,30686326,Posted: 23 March,all,Teknova,"As a game, Nier Automata is good, but not incredible. Instead the game is a medium for its OUTSTANDING story. Nier Automata is a work of art, and an emotional and existential journey that you should not miss out on"
76561198026630241,Recommended,524220,30747262,Posted: 26 March,all,Ordinal,"2B-""Feelings are not allowed.""♥♥♥♥."
76561198083125241,Recommended,524220,32884655,Posted: 27 June,all,Orangemyster,"One of the most amazing Single player games I have ever played. Immersive story line and great charaters that you will get emotionally attatched to I guarantee it. So much to do, so much to see and a lively map to explore. So if you ever have time to kill and money to spend and want what's above, then I recommend this game to you. Plus it comes with♥♥♥♥♥for you guys (or girls if you are into that sort of thing) that love♥♥♥♥♥♥♥asses. Love from a guy who cried to this master piece."
76561198008897284,Recommended,524220,30950303,Posted: 4 April,all,Tressk,"This game is absolutely amazing from start to finish. I cannot recommend this game enough. Hopefully this game sells well enough to warrant a direct sequel or a remaster of any of the older nier or drakengard games. Now lets talk about the pros and the cons.Pros:1.) amazing soundtrack2.) good character development3.) combat is fun and engaging4.) Lots of variety in ways you play (hack and slash, bullet hell parts, etc.)5.) Absolutely amazing story6.) cool boss fights7.) Plugin and pod program system is vast and impressive8.) References to the original nier (a plus in my book :D)When you start the game on your 3rd playthrough, it becomes a completely different game. The story and feel moments absolutely steal the show.Cons:1.) Shoddy PC port (white screen crashes a frequent for people, Full screen bug that plagues almost everyone, frame rates dip to sub 30 in story heavy cinematics, etc.)2.) Really bad object and terrain pop-ins. No matter what version of the game you have, you'll just be walking and then a building finally decides to fully render itself.3.) Unimpressive textures. Some of the textures in this game are not great. The game suffers from alot of texture baking4.) Some people report on game breaking bugs that make it impossible for them to continue the game. I haven't experienced these issues personally, but to not at least mention them as a possibility would be a disservice to what I would consider an honest review.5.) 1 Boss in particular (no spoilers obviously) is just a big bullet hell scene. While the fight is still kinda cool, its still a little disappointing and comes off as lazy boss design.6.) Its a yoko taro game, so expect plenty of depressing and sad moments. (i put it as a con because depressing scenes arent really my thing) This game will make you care for its characters, and it will make you cry.If you can look past the bad pc port or get your hands on a ps4/ps4 pro copy of the game, play this game. You would be doing yourself a great disservice to gaming if you at least didn't try it. I fully recommend you play through the game multiple times, however. The story changes each time you play through it, revealing more of the story, from a different characters perspective. If you want to fully grasp the story of this game and its universe, you need to play through the game at least 3 times. If you haven't already, then you need to buy and play this game. Its that good, I promise."
,Recommended,524220,30822589,Posted: 29 March,all,theankou,Best game in ♥♥♥♥ing life #YokoTaro pls Remastered Nier and Drakengard for PC
,Recommended,524220,30599131,Posted: 18 March,all,クー子 | Kūko,"Specs- Intel® Core™ i3-6100 Processor 3.70 GHz- Kingston HyperX FURY 4GB 1866MHz DDR3 CL10 DIMM - Red (HX318C10FR/4) x 2- Palit GeForce®GTX 1060 DUAL 3GB- OS Windows 7 Ultimate 64-bit (6.1, Build 7601)Settings- FAR Installed- Resolution : 1920x1080- High Settings- Disabled Vsync- Disabled AA- Disabled BlurBenchmark- Average FPS : 57 - 59- Min FPS : 45- Max FPS : 60- Cutscene FPS : 30"
76561198049479077,Recommended,524220,31212548,Posted: 17 April,all,Zombies Bane,Carnival.
,Recommended,524220,32075133,Posted: 30 May,all,Tetra,Nier is the best game to come out in years.
,Recommended,524220,30596154,Posted: 18 March,all,virtualghost,"This game had nowhere near the budget of an AAA game (example ME:A which is a mess), yet it did not disappoint.PROS:The combat is straightforward and very smooth with a Steam Controller.The soundtrack is immersive and fitting for the game's atmospheric levels.The performance is acceptable, ~60FPS on a GTX 1060 & i7 7700K & 16gb DDR4 RAM.The story is engaging. If you liked MGSV TPP's storyline, then you'll most likely enjoy this one too.CON(S):The resolution is weird at 1920x1080, will most likely get fixed soon (a workaround isBorderless Gaming) ."
,Recommended,524220,30619375,Posted: 19 March,all,Highwind,"Only got like ending A (edit: deleted my save file) so far but it's a 9.4/10 for me. I'd rate it a 10/10 but the port is honestly a bit poorly done and needs to be fixed by Platinum ASAP. Don't let that deter you from playing though, the game is more than playable in its current state.Edit:GOTY 2017."
,Recommended,524220,30675150,Posted: 22 March,all,Hosty,"A mediocre port (whoever says it's a bad port is exaggerating, I've seen worse) of a great game with decent open world elements, great soundtrack and great story plot.Very enjoyable with a controller."
76561198086059387,Recommended,524220,30944786,Posted: 4 April,all,Skelebonger,"I don't really do reviews for games, but in this case I have to make an exception. NieR: Automata is a ♥♥♥♥ing amazing rollercoaster of an experience. I'm sure a lot of people will pick it up or consider it out of wanting a decent character action game with some nice robot booty on top, like I did, and I hope those people stick through it long enough to have their every expectation for it shattered like I did as well.I want to go through and describe how every aspect of this game is incredible and gorgeous and how much it deserves to be played, but I'll just leave it at this: everything in it is beautiful. Characters, environments, music, butts, storytelling, everything is great.If you have any interest in video games that focus on storytelling, NieR: Automata is a must play that I cannot recommend enough.As far as negatives go, there aren't many, but I feel like I should mention them. The port is not very well optimized. On an i5-4460 with a GTX 950, I still couldn't keep consistent 60fps performance on low settings at 1080p. After recently upgrading to a 1070 I can run it on highest settings without a hitch. If you've got a PS4 and a middle or low-end PC, get it on PS4. Resolution is also kinda buggy if running at anything higher than 1080p. And I suppose ifallthat you're interested in is hack-and-slash gameplay and you don't have much interest in writing, you can skip this one. The gameplay isn't anywhere near as complex as something like Devil May Cry, but in my opinion it's still up to Platinum's standard and absolutely more than enough to carry you through the story Yoko Taro has to tell.Also, since I keep seeing reviews from people who died during the pre-saving tutorial and got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that they lost an hour of gameplay, if you pause the game and go to the ""items"" menu you can use HP recovery items instantly."
,Recommended,524220,35436824,Posted: 2 October,all,TheRedProdigy,"I would list Nier:Automata as one of the best Square Enix titles in existence. This game is GORGEOUS. The story is riveting and each playthrough expands on what you've learned previously so that even the things you know are not necessarily true. The apocalyptic landscape, the beautifully crafted soundtrack, the characterization... One of the more fun games I've played in a while.10/10! ♥ ♥ ♥Edit: I played the game with a USB Xbox controller so I had no issues with the port"
76561198067012827,Recommended,524220,35404423,Posted: 1 October,all,xxBroteinshakexx,"I've seen a lot of crap talk about this PC port on the community of the Steam reviews and forums, but seriously this game is a freakin' master piece. I would reccomend it to ANYONE. The story is rich, the combat is fun, fluid, and smooth, and the characters especially 9S are very likeable.This definitly my game of the year of 2017."
,Recommended,524220,35393436,Posted: 1 October,all,Zenside,"I bought Automata a few months back as a promising segue from Shadow of Mordor's stupidly satisfying combat system. What I got instead was a stupidly satisfying combat system with an existential crisis.Disclaimer: I will refrain from discussing 9S to avoid spoilers.In Nier: Automata, you are 2B: a special battle android of YorHa make tasked with protecting the last remnants of humanity in a universe locked in perpetual warfare against an alien force. That rabbit hole looks so innocent from up here, doesn't it?The story is profound. Really no surprise for anyone familiar with Yoko Taro's oft-subversive shlock. Rumbling underneath the hamfisted dialog and gothic lolita outfits lies a poignant sigh at the human condition and it's bottomless hunger for destruction. The reasons for it, be it duty, justice, ignorance, or revenge, are explored thoroughly in its 17 chapters. I admit, I regret the lack of faith I had in the narratives, at least at first. I guess having never played the first Nier I felt no priority to care enough about YorHa's struggle and instead saved face grinding for loot.The chapter that convinced me the story superceded what I wanted Automata to be was a simple walk from A to B before time ran out.The combat is elegant for a game with such an anti-war message. I ain't even mad. As long as you stay privy to enemy telegraphs, 2B's responsive controls - complimented by a criminally underappreciated selection of fighting styles and upgrades - makes even the most mundane encounter a magical experience. Not to mention the pseudo ""bullet hell"" sequences during some fights, which is possibly the most refreshing marriage of genres I've seen in quite a long time.The music goes without saying. It's typical for Square Enix RPG fare to enmesh their music into an extension of the story, and Automata is no different. The world and its inhabitants known suffering over centuries of warfare. The soundtrack gives them a voice. Robot onslaughts for example are lead by a woman howling seemingly in disgust over strings and drum beats. Or the pacifist robot village with a plucky acoustic singalong whimsy of naive innocence. Or an amusement park filled with wonder to drown out a darkness hidden beneath.Am I overanalyzing all of this? Hell, probably. My point is, almost every song on the catalog feels more than just an exclamation point for the story...almost, every song. If I have to listen to the City Ruins theme one more time Iwilltake a sledge to a piano.And finally, the engine... looks like I have to talk about it. It is a port, yes. A Squeenix port, even. It was domestic abuse on my budget GTX 960 to keep the graphics preset on high (very odd, it handles a modded Skyrim flawlessly) so I ran it on medium w/2x antialias @ 40-60fps which, in their defense, still looked fantastic. The only thing of note I would really bother raising a pitchfork at was the atrocious framerate tank during Eve's boss fight.It would be arrogant of me to suggest it will for everyone else, especially with the influx of downvotes, but it ran fine for me. Just 'fine'. Like everyone else suggests it's highly recommended prep your game and install theunofficial patch by Kaldaienuntil the devs decide to get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.I have 100%'ed this game. Seen all 26 endings (had to get plastered for ending N). Found and upgraded every weapon and bot. Completed every side-quest. Read every weapon history and almost every bestiary. I have played through the greatest hits at least twice. Not because I wanted the achievements, but because anything less in return is undeserved for the journey Automata took me on. If you feel Nier: Automata might be too obnoxious for you, give it two hours. Grit your teeth past Ending A. Take it from me - I went in to punch things: This ain't Sailor Moon. This is Evangelion.9.5/10"
76561198096239344,Recommended,524220,30616974,Posted: 19 March,all,flameofash,Excellent game. No technical Issues (Using a GTX 1070) with AMD processor but i hear problems with player running the game with AMD card. The game itself is a lot of fun and has an engaging story. There is tons of replay value since the game has multiple endings and you get to have a different experience with what i can assume is sort of like new game +. So after you finish the game you can load up the same save and continue to get a different experience witha  different ending.
,Recommended,524220,31169994,Posted: 15 April,all,Underbalanced,self destruct ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,524220,30608773,Posted: 18 March,all,GaraRoyal,"Finally, this game is here, and I'm impressed with it. This game has stunning combat, Amazing music, well-done story.I've been playing this game for 10 hours straight, and it didn't crash on me at all.I recommend this game despite it flaws ( Frame rate locked at 60fps and resolution problem)I'm sure the devs will release a fix for it soon!aka use ""borderless gaming"" to help with resoultion problem!"
,Recommended,524220,31244814,Posted: 19 April,all,Nepgear Purplesister,"This is honestly one of the best games I've played this year and it is definitely worth the buy on any platform PS4 or PC. The action-RPG gameplay is really good and extremely very fun with tons of abilities, skills and pods and chips to choose from. Though gameplay does change a bit when playing as 9S. The story is really decent too with Yorha trying to take Earth back from the machines(i'm sure there's alot more to it). The story can get extremely dark and very depressing at some points like during the start of Route C when things really got bad x_x. So far one of my favorite things about this game is the soundtrack, every single peice of OST is amazingly well done and the vocals are really good. The Amusement Park Theme, The Sound of the End (Calm Version), End of the Unknown, Dependent Weakling and The Weight of the World (all versions) and Emil Despair are some of my most favorites along with many others. Also I really love2Balot <3"
,Recommended,524220,30699646,Posted: 23 March,all,Doomed Scum,"Favorite game of 2017? Favorite game of 2017 and probably one of my most favorite RPG.I am not good at writing reviews but I do think that this game deserves a lot of praise.There some problems with the game currently, yes. I have crashed twice within my 37 current hours but it's not a big deal. Unlike some of these people who are complaining, I actually save quite often so I don't lose a lot of progress.There's currently a mod that allows you to bring out the best in the game, just look it up. Let's you do fullscreen, borderless, and other cool settings for the game.It also helps with crashing, etc.Another issue that people have is the whole saving situation.I agree that in the beginning and some parts throughout the game, there are long scenes where you cannot save. When you die, you gotta restart all the way back. The good thing is is that you can skip cutscenes and that the game isn't too difficult for you to get back to where you were in a good decent amount of time.Personally, i am SO happy that this game does not feed you auto-saves. If you die, you die. Big whoop. Time to go through everything you just did. You'll do it faster cause you already did it once. It's a learning curve. Also, use the dash feature. It's really helpful in dodging attacks.And another thing I wanna bring up. PLEASE, PLEASE do not drop this game for the little fanservice that it has. If you actually play the game instead of worrying about 2B's butt, you will not even care about it. Unless you're a pervert... then of course you will care. ; )The combat mechanics are nothing too spectacular or new but it does provide for some really fun fighting.Especially that dodge mechanic, DAMN. Really cool to use that, and useful!Character development? It's pretty good. I usually only bash character development if they don't feel relatable or have an in-depth backstory.The characters are pretty lovable. They share the same emotions that most of us have, maybe even the same problems. You know, besides the whole Earth has ended kind of thing.As for backstory, a lot of it comes more clear towards the end of the game but there are things that you can do to find out some backstory yourself instead of it being fed to you.The soundtrack, oh boy. It always seems to fit the area that you are in, which is good. It means the devs know what they are doing.I sometimes wanna listen to the soundtracks on YouTube in my free time but I always get emotional when listening to it after what I experienced in this game.I recommend doing every single main ending. I really do. You will get a nice treat of a true ending if you do.Please do not give up. I can say that it was totally worth it.That also goes for the other joke endings. They are quite hilarious.I also recommend doing side quests and gathering lots of materials. They are really useful for upgrading and selling more some sweet sweet monies.Side quests also give some decent EXP. I had about 80% quest completion done by the time I was through with the entire game (all main endings), and I was able to get through the game fairly easily.I am currently working on getting all achievements and trying to get 100% everything cause I'm a no life. Safe to say that I might have at least 80+ hours by the end of it all.Like I said, I experienced many emotions playing this game. I definitely rate it highly and wish that many more people will at least try the game.Sorry if my review was garbo. I try my best."
,Recommended,524220,30911958,Posted: 2 April,all,drgolovacroxby,"Holy crap.  I want to tell you how amazing this game is, but I lack the words.  Just buy it."
,Recommended,524220,30595457,Posted: 18 March,all,Lisa,♥♥♥
,Recommended,524220,30848180,Posted: 31 March,all,Febox,"My voice may not reach you. However, I'm rooting for you."
,Recommended,524220,33307709,Posted: 6 July,all,Sukorow,"Re-doing this whole review, cause I didn't really like what I wrote b4.Let's start off with how much I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game. I haven't had such a good experience like I have had with this one, in a long time. This is easily one of my top 5 fav games, and I want a lot of other people to experience the same thing I have playing this game.When I first heard about the game, I didn't expect much from it. I just thought it would be cool to check out. After finally getting my PC back (was broken at the time), I ended up playing it off of my friend's library. It took me a couple tries to get past the prologue cause I kept getting bored halfway through (Yes my attention span is that bad). After a couple days, I finally gave it a go again. The more I got through the game, the better it got. Just playing route A blew my mind to begin with, and finding out the game wasn't over yet made it even better. At this point, I already bought the game myself cause I liked it that much. After playing Route A,  I played route B and found it interesting, but kind of boring too. I'm not gonna say what any of the routes are about, cause I don't want to give the slightest spoilers. But let's just say route B is still good, but least fav. Next was Route C. And just when I thought it couldn't get any better, it did. I found it was a depressing route, but the story just got even more interesting. I was amazed at how this game just kept getting better and better.I overall must say, it's a must play. Besides the port being complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is amazing. And I strongly recommend buying this game on a ps4 instead of pc if you have one. The only downfall about this game is the pc port. It seems at this rate they probably won't fix it, which is unfortunate because it's causing ppl to leave bad reviews. And I can understand why.Pros1. Amazing soundtrack.2. Really good story.3. Combat feels good and smooth.4. Good graphics.5. What else can I say, the game's amazing?Cons1. Port is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥2. Keyboard + Mouse controls are just really bad.I would give this game a 10/10 if it weren't for the port, so for now, I'm leaving it at a 9/10."
,Recommended,524220,32569462,Posted: 19 June,all,Legionnaire,"Get a controller. After that, prepare for one of gaming's best stories in a long long time."
,Recommended,524220,31919894,Posted: 23 May,all,Daonitre,"TL;DR: if you have a controller and single monitor - this is an excellent game. If you have dual monitors prepare to hate your setup. If you have no controller get something else.Pros:Excellent storyline (as I've seen so far)Interesting ability/weapons systemsBeautiful music that actually fits the areas it playsreally nice graphics if you have the capabilities for itsomewhere in the Final Fantasy range of advancement (plenty of things to do but overall advancement is slow - yet you feel like you're making a difference the whole time)""Meh"" or can go either way depending on playstyle:camera follows the player in odd positions sometimes; this gives view of some areas you might not have noticed but can get in the way of combat; it's mostly customizable thoughregular ""mini-game"" style 2-d combat/platforming which breaks up the overall game. Good for players that need some variety... and it's reasonably well done.Cons:Dodge/Counter isn't always responsive and there's no information about it in game, google it to learn.keyboard and mouse is completely unplayable (the 2-D sections will WRECK you), really have to have 360 degree motion and keyboard isn't even very responsive.on my dual monitors the game loves to ""not start correctly"" and freezes the PC the second time it's started. restart PC and then start the game to avoid.Steam Big Screen never works (will freeze the pc every time)game doesn't know what screen sizes are. I have it set to 1920x1080 but it always appears 1024x768.to get full screen you really have to use Alt+Enter. the in-game ""fullscreen"" mode is unreliableSteam overlay is broken / doesn't work on this gamealt-tabbing freezes the game permanently (sometimes freezes the pc)steam controller isn't properly customizable for this gameSummary:Excellent game but literally the worst port I've ever played... and I've been playing since 1989 across many platforms (mostly pc). If you have a controller then i recommend trying it (use family share for 30 minutes) and you'll know if you like it. If you have dual screen the game itself could be worth the restart each time you want to play... its an annoyance that will affect only a small percentage of players (most people turn their computers off regularly).note: I'm playing on a GTX-1080, game on SDD, 32G RAM, and nearly 4.2 processing speed... anyone who thinks it's my specs causing the issues doesn't know computers."
76561198043993049,Recommended,524220,33299644,Posted: 5 July,all,Fluffymon,"The title ‘game of the generation’ is not one that can be given during the generation itself, but can only be given long after that generation has finished. I remember when the last of us was released, which was at the tail end of the PS3 life-cycle, many people immediately labelled it the game of the generation because it was certainly a very accomplished experience. But in retrospect, I wonder if other titles such as Mass Effect 2, the Bungie-led Halo 2 and 3, or of course the seminal Dark Souls had a more last impact on the trajectory of our medium. In this way no-one can responsibly say that Nier is the game of the generation, but mark my words: Nier will unquestionably be spoken of when those game of the generation lists are compiled.The game's director, Yoko Taro, is a man with a cult following behind him, but I suspect that that he will now join the ranks of other Named Bosses like Hideo Kojima of Metal Gear fame, Shigeru Miyamoto of Nintendo fame, or Hidetaki Miyazaki of Dark Souls fame. As the influence of Nier ripples across our medium for the next 5 or 10 years, Yoko Taro will be a man that we will unquestionably see more of. Easy Allies commented that true authorship is a rare thing in video games, a statement so true in so many contexts, and especially here where Taro has crafted a marvel of an experience that deserves the status that no one else seems willing to give it: a masterpiece.Yoko Taro, Keiichi Okabe and the entire team at Platinum Games - thank you."
76561198028006720,Recommended,524220,33162204,Posted: 2 July,all,Mist,"Beautiful game, despite some flaws.To the negative:1. The world. It's bland and you'll find yourself running around from A to B, back to A more often than you'd like.2. The combat. It gets stale, with the second playthrough being the most obnoxious, I think.The positive:1. The story. Damn, is this relevant to today. It's so well-crafted, there's so much depth if you dig deeper. It's just beautiful, I really can't recommend this enough. With easy mode as an option, there's literally no reason for you to not play this if you can afford it. Do yourself a favor and spend the 40+ hours on this artwork. It's beautiful.2. The music. Enjoy. Very fitting.3. The charater development. There's depth here. Real depth that only gets revealed if you invest yourself and your time in this well-crafted game. Enjoy it, and overlook the faults because it is so worth it.4. Wildlife. YOU CAN RIDE ThE DEER HURRRRRRI really recommend this. Having played other Square Enix titles over the years, I really can't praise this enough. Chrono Trigger is better, but this is so close. So close.Do yourself a favor and just play it, however you can. It's deeper the more involved you get."
,Recommended,524220,33171191,Posted: 3 July,all,chiknfingaz,"really ended up liking this game, even though I didn't really get why it was so hyped through routes A and B and had to push myself to get through it. it's definitely worth all the praise. I recommend taking your time and seeing everything there is to see in this one."
,Recommended,524220,33025636,Posted: 29 June,all,cszar,"-Excellent soundtrack-Original and great story-Good combat-Nice♥♥♥♥♥to top it all offHighly recommend getting this game, absolutely fantastic"
76561198074916746,Recommended,524220,33153883,Posted: 2 July,all,Shi no Gekai,You should really consider checking it out if you've got the system to run it!
,Recommended,524220,33378661,Posted: 8 July,all,Peak!,When is 9S getting a skirt?
,Recommended,524220,30636491,Posted: 20 March,all,Nemoa49,"TL;DL + Conclusion:I think this game is extremely well made and I found it an amazing game to binge on and try to complete as much of it as I could. You will lose yourself in the story, engrossed in the unfolding events surrounding 2B, 9S, and eventually A2!  You will at times say “Okay just a few more minutes” or “Just till the end of this mission”, only to be given a new task even more difficult and engrossing that the last, making you only want to see it to the end. If you love a amazing story like that, which has some solid gameplay mechanics thrown in with almost 2-3 games worth of content? Then this is the game for you!EXTENDED REVIEW:This is a review for Nier:Automata at currently 30hrs in-game. This may contain spoilers and is my first ever review. I would also like to say that I have and will only ever play the game with a controller as the game has a hack-n-slash gamestyle and I have found from past experience that games such as this are better played with one.Within the game I have unlocked the A, B, C, D, E and O endings on normal difficulty, however there are a total of 26 endings for you to discover and unlock.This first thing of note with this game is you do not need to have played any of the games before this one, including the one titled “Nier”, as it is a completely stand-alone game that tells the story itself without the need to reference other games. The game is set in a world where humans no longer reside on the earth and have escaped to the moon due to an alien machine invasion. An organisation called YoRHa comprised completely of androids are tasked with wiping out this threat. The story takes place following the androids code-named 2B, 9S and later A2, depicting their struggle as they choose to either follow with their emotions or their duty.Story:    10/10I usually buy games for not only their solid gameplay mechanics and a story that I can get engrossed and lose myself in. In my opinion Nier: Automata does that for me and more, I have never felt the need to binge on a game as much as I did on this title. I will admit that the second play-through of this game there were times I felt it was a bit repetitive but as there was another perspective added to it making this completely worthwhile. As mentioned above there are three different characters you can play as and each one has their own story and emotions toward what they are doing, making this game almost feel like it was 2-3 games in one!For the playthrough following 2B I decided to stick strickly to the main story where possible so I could unravel the story as quickly as I could. After completing the game once I decided to try and complete more side missions and I will say that not only do they help you gain some amazing experience and items but they also add so much more to the story being told giving more depth to the mission and androids you meet along the way.Audio:  10/10Like some other titles I have played, I feel Nier:Automata has an amazing soundtrack that can complement the situations/locations perfectly. When you are at the base camp on earth you are greeted by a pleasantly calming melody that really makes you feel safe while in combat the music changes to a more dramatic/climactic song making you feel energized while fighting.Similar to the soundtrack I feel the SFX within the game are perfectly suited for the areas that are located within the game but for one small exception, the slide. Within the story you create a slide for some children to play on and when your character slides down it it makes the same sound you hear when you slide down a dune in the desert area, which I thought to be pretty funny. Still it is such a small gripe I don’t think it is worth a mark down for.Difficulty:   9/10I feel the way this game deals with difficulty is great and I could only fault it due to its hard to manage fights with large number of enemies. In Nier:Automata if you select the easy difficulty the enemies are not just made more stupid and basically the game plays itself but rather you are given options on how much help you wanted. These options are presented as “System Upgrade Chips” each one having a different perk to help a player having difficulty. In other words if you don’t like getting slaughtered constantly but you don’t want your hand being held then this game may have what you need! However as mentioned above I feel the game deals poorly with a large group of enemies sometimes having closer to 10-15 enemies attacking you almost at the same time each one dishing out some pretty nasty damage, making the game in my opinion harder than most.Game Mechanics:   9/10When it comes to the First-person, Top-down and Side-scroller aspects of the game mechanics I feel extremely well implemented adding a whole new depth to the game and the story as a whole. The only complaint on this feature I have is how easy it was for me to get lost when the camera changed as it was quite annoying or having an enemy out of my field of view who was attacking me.Missions/Side-Mission/Challenges: 9.5/10Once again I feel that missions are extremely well implemented in this game, the only one complaint I have is there were 1-2 side missions still present on my radar, that could not be reached at a certain part in the story while all the others were gone (giving me the “O” ending). Aside from that I think other games I have played could benefit from implementing a quest map mechanic like the one in Nier:Automata. Once a mission has been accepted you are given a marker like any other game which can also be viewed on you minimap, but the map located in your menu is actually a 3D low poly render allowing you to not only view the map from a bird's-eye view but also zoom and look at a part of the map almost at ground level giving you not only the location but sometimes the elevation of missions which helps out a massive amount.Character design and Animation:  9/10People who are viewing this game would have probably noticed that it has more of a Japanese style to the models and animation in the game. I am personally a fan of this form of art so I prefer it to any other type of art that could have been used on a game such as this one. As people may have also seen in other reviews the rear-end on the androids 2B and A2 are quite big but not so much that it looks disproportionate. Being the only male voiced characters in the game, 9S, Adam and Eve their body types were somewhat more diverse that I expected. One was more childish with an average build while the others had a pretty boy face, tall and slightly muscular build rather than the generic hulking male model you would usually get stuck with and/or fight.As mentioned above the animation style has a Japanese flair to it (originating from Japan it is to be expected), but especially in fight instances they do not feel out of place or robotic but rather fluid and lifelike. The only complaint I have is that the english voices that were dubbed over the originals do not sync up that well to the mouth animations due to the fact that the faces are animated to the Japanese actors who voiced them.Voice Acting:  9/10Even though the the rating may not reflect this to some, I think the voices used in the game are excellent and fit perfectly to the characters, Kira Buckland pulled off the abrasive but caring 2B and Kyle McCarley portrayed an immature but then extremely emotional 9S perfectly! The only complaint I have is that there are instances where there is only text rather than voiced lines where you could expect them to be. This happens so much during the game making me wonder wouldn’t it have been easier to fill the entire dialogue with voiced lines rather than starting out with text only?"
,Recommended,524220,30575899,Posted: 17 March,all,Long Dong Never Die,Game runs really well for me on release day. There was a hickup here and there in the begining but I played my first playthrough with no issues or framedrops in-game of any kind. Slight issues with cutscenes on release.i7 4790k @ 4.4GHz16GB RAMGTX 1070
76561198245826558,Recommended,524220,30589714,Posted: 18 March,all,Cheesy,"There is no problem rendering at 1080p and higher in fullscreen mode as indicated by some reviews. Though the game is caped at 60fps and cutscenes at 30fps. So far, this has been an excellent game to play.For best experience, I'de recommend playing with a controller.Specs:I5 6600K OC 4.4 GHzGTX 1060 6gb founders edition16 gb DDR4Dualshock 4 controller"
76561198004730672,Recommended,524220,31390705,Posted: 27 April,all,JMile69,I have been playing video games since King's Quest 1 came out in 1984.  I have not enjoyed a game as much as I have enjoyed Nier:Automata in a very long time.  Easily flew immediately into my top 10 ever list.This game was a breath of fresh air in an industry filled with garbage.
76561197986407027,Not Recommended,524220,31772620,Posted: 15 May,all,saturn__7,"In principle this is a good game, however the graphics resoultions are glitched and there are frequent crashes for some graphic cards. A third party mod has solved most issues, however there are frequent claims that the mod is malware and links to it have been removed from the steam forums in turn. Therefore, I would recommend against installing that mod.After almost 2 months, the developer has still failed to provide a patch addressing the issues, or even replicating the fixes provided by the mod (while releasing a paid DLC at the same time!). Thus I can only recommend against purchasing the game, and be very cautious by any PC port of Square Enix, as they apparently don't care about fixing issues for their PC community."
76561198305336531,Not Recommended,524220,33295123,Posted: 5 July,all,★72_PM ツ,"couldn't play the game for 10 minutes without it crashing.Some of my Specs:GPU: RX 480 4gbCPU: i7 6700Memory: 8 GB RAMCurrent resolution: 1920 x 1080, 144HzOperating system: Microsoft Windows 10 Pro (64-bit)EDIT: I've tried a bunch of different methodes to try and fix this game but the only noteable one was to download AMD's 17.5.2 Driver. You could also use 16.5.11 but this one is newer. once i downloaded this the game ran with ease.https://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/194672-nier-automata/75362772Link to where i found out about this.^^^^^http://support.amd.com/en-us/kb-articles/Pages/Radeon-Software-Crimson-ReLive-Edition-17.5.2-Release-Notes.aspxLink to amd driver.^^^^^Some other things you can try and do is.Create the .bat file drag it in to the game folder where u have NierAutomata.exeEdit the .bat file and add this line:   start /affinity x %~dp0NieRAutomata.exeDepending on how many cores you have replace X with one of the numbers below.For 1 core, replace with 1For 2 cores, replace with 5For 3 cores, replace with 15For 4 cores, replace with 55.This should solve crashing but your still going to get the white screen issue and that gets fixed with the driver.Another couple of things i did to try and get this game to finally work is to go into properties, and check the box that says : Disably display scaling on high dpi settings (i have no idea what that does but someone told me to do that).  I also have this ran on compatibility mode for windows 7.One other thing you can try an do is to put nier automata process to high priority and disabled the second core of each couple. So open the game go on the task manager and find nier automata process, set affinity to only to core 0-2-4-6 (because even if i have 8 cores, task manager sees them as 7, since the first core is , and yes i did copy this from a steam discussion.https://steamcommunity.com/app/524220/discussions/0/2741975115063481690/Link to that.^^^^Ive tried all of these and it took a couple of hours of stress and resarch just trying to play this one game. It only started working when i downloaded the Driver but for other people some of the other methodes listed above workerd for them without downloading any new driver. Im personally using the new driver in conjuction with compatability mode and this thing( start /affinity x %~dp0NieRAutomata.exe)    Every single method ive used seemed to prolong my expierence but the driver was the only thing to get me to play normallyish. the only problem i have now is the resolution problem which ill fix later."
76561198068040683,Recommended,524220,30627417,Posted: 19 March,all,死Vengeance神,Beat the entire game and got the true ending. It made me question by life. 10/10
,Not Recommended,524220,35081166,Posted: 20 September,all,Mandatory Faggotry,"If you have a PS4, get that version. The PC port is as bad as everyone says, i needed to install a mod to change a setting that is recourse intensive, which still didn't make it playable (around 15fps). If you don't have a PS4/Pro and you don't have a strong computer, save for a mid-high range PC. The game is amazing other then that."
76561197970996397,Recommended,524220,33099636,Posted: 1 July,all,Furwy,"[I'm sure you can handle this.][After all,][the whole world is rooting for you.]"
,Recommended,524220,34765638,Posted: 5 September,all,Cosmic Griffesco,"i've only put 3.2 hours into this game but my god that 3.2 hours ive experienced a lot. my favorite game is dark souls and this has a dark souls feel to it. the difficulty is nice, the play style all around is amazing, combat is smooth and the way it puts in all the different game styles is beautiful. from behind the shoulder play style to side scroller to top down (ETC.) im fairly impressed. i like the fact you dont auto save you have to go to a machine and save from there. I say if you like RPGS this game is for you i do not regret buying this game even tho i dont play it alot whenever i come back and play it i enjoy it all over again.Pros:Gameplay and the look of the game amazingthe changing game styleboss fightssaving styleCons:places where it looks like you can go but cantinvisible walls out of no wherecamera is clunky and slownot knowing where you're going half the time"
,Not Recommended,524220,34910765,Posted: 12 September,all,Ozymandias,Seems fun but crashes absolutely all the time. Hopefully a patch or something comes along but it's been months of nothing thus far so I'm not holding out any faith.
,Recommended,524220,32260512,Posted: 7 June,all,Airborne Ninja,"Dark Lord Yoko Taro delivers a thought compelling, emotional story...With good gameplay this time!"
,Recommended,524220,31934164,Posted: 24 May,all,korea><(('>,incredible
,Recommended,524220,32427722,Posted: 15 June,all,Hello I'm Nick,"Non-spoiler reviewThe port has been known to have issues so do your research first, a mod called ""Fix automata resolution"" may help most of your issues though. I played the entirety of the ""canon"" endings on the ps4 when it was first released and have yet to get my steam play time to match as of the time of writing this. The game itself excels in gameplay, story, and uses literary devices to interesting effect (I'll explain later).The gameplay is a hack and slash combined with a bullet hell for the majority of the game. Automata combines its crazy genre switching in a way that makes all the mechanics feel like they belong in the same place. I can't think of a time that ""mini-game"" was fair or appropiate as all mechanics are fleshed from my experience playing it. Platinum Games helped in the development of NieR: Automata and improved gameplay far above yoko taro's track record. Do note this is not a platinum game however, and the gameplay is NieR to its core, not platinum. This means it is accessible to less experienced players. Gameplay options are available to masochists who wish for that though.The game consists of a collection of characters all with their own motives and egos that all befall the unfortunate realities of war. Automata had me always surprised with the story beats and did not have any inexcusable moments of downtime, which is impressive considering the game can last some players more than 40 hours. It does not end after the game first ""ends"". Endings are more like chapters in this game as completing one does not neccesarily mean you are finished with the game. Gameplay and story changes after completing an ending and as you proceed through the endings characters who previously felt unredeemable are possible to empathize with as you learn more about them. The game brings about questions of humanity and the nature of it through the lense of existentialist philosophy which leads me to my last point:Although knowledge of many of this games allusions are unnecessary prior to playing, it does add to the experience of those who catch them. I am NOT saying go take a class on philosophy to play this game or do any research at all for that matter. The game itself could likely teach an individual about what existentialism is by itself, without feeling like a classroom setting. A player may not even know the game is about existentialism if they were not informed of its presence or what the philosophy is beforehand. Some characters borrow names of known existentialists and take humorous nods to their real life counterparts for those who are interested. You do NOT need to know these people as they don't change your understanding of the story so do not worry.In short NieR: Automata is a game that trys its hardest to do new things through out the WHOLE game. It succeeded in it's attempts mostly. Individuals who dislike bullet hell may be turned off half way through the game. This game is one of my favorite video games period because of its density(how much one could disect it). Do not be deterred by the term ""dense"" the game merely asks for your attention and time to explain its events.I would highly recommend picking this up for people who enjoy games and have the time for a over 40 hour game.*Sidenote: Sidequests add to the story as well as keep you from being underleveled. Do them. If a quest is too hard, then maybe you shouldn't do it yet.-A person that enjoys games that make you think"
76561198185278175,Recommended,524220,33838010,Posted: 27 July,all,XeVioN,"Assuming that you can play this and the game does not crash on your computer, you are in for a great game here. To sum it up Nier Automata  is a Masterpiece... but the PC version has a variaty of techinical problems.Note* Before even playing Nier Automata on PC I HIGHLY recommend that you install the FAR mod which improves greatly the overall experience (Glitches, framerate, resolution) you know since Square Enix hasen't actually released an official fix for the game yet.|PROS|+ Good gameplay,  exploration, hack and slash, arcade shooter, the game mixes a lot of gameplay types and it makes them work just right+ GODLY Music, by far one of the best I've ever listened to+ Nice visuals ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°), I managed to get a mid tier computer to display 1080p resolution at a decent framerate. (Only possible thanks to the FAR mod)+ Lots of side quests, secrets and easter eggs+ Good Story (very emotive and action packed) although it's a sequel of another game simply titled Nier understanding the story and events of previous games is not necesary tounderstand the story here but it does help understand some of the lore of the series.|CONS|- Technical problems, this port is far from perfect and not as good in performance as his PS4 conterpart.-Framerate drops, game change from full screen to widowed sometimes, cutscenes lacked sound sometimes.- For completionists the game will requiere a lot of backtracking and item hunt grinding.- Personally I diden't liked the transition between 3D gameplay and the 2D sidescrolling parts."
,Recommended,524220,31493726,Posted: 1 May,all,Illyasviel~★,"I've finished 2B's route and there's only one thing I can tell you about: ITS A MASTERPIECE!!!!!!And for those who have issues with the game, all I can say is I am running this game on a absolute crappy machine and I can run the game smoothly with no issues, hmmm probably you guys wanna think about what have you done to your machine?"
,Recommended,524220,30604128,Posted: 18 March,all,Floyd Collins,"Just a quick review (hasn't even progressed much):This game is great and i'm looking forward to finishing it.Pros:- Great storyline (so far)- Interesting characters- Absurdly good soundtrack- Rock stable, not a single crash- Transition from 2d to 3d environments and vice-versa. I never saw it before, but it's amazing- Fair graphics (but don't expect anything ""master-race level"", it was made for consoles, so graphics are rather dated)- Fair optimization, i hasn't saw any FPS drops, and i'm on pretty dated system (OCed i5-3570k + non-OCed GTX 980)- Decent progression system with chips, pods and weapons- YoRHa No.2 Type B- YoRHa No.2 Type B- YoRHa No.2 Type BCons:- 30 FPS lock in pre-rendered cutscenes- Strange texture streaming issues (sometimes buildings looks very, very basic)- Not-so-complex fighting system (no combos and scorepoints, it seems?), i liked fights in MGR and DMC more- Looks like alot of grind to upgrade pod and weapons (not sure on this one, may be easier as game progresses)- Invisible walls in places where you should pass without issuesSo if you're thinking 2B or not 2B, the choice is pretty obvious."
,Recommended,524220,30642522,Posted: 20 March,all,Benofdoom,"If you're a fan of extremely well told stories in games, I would suggest playing this game. If you're not, I'd still suggest this game."
,Recommended,524220,30608780,Posted: 18 March,all,Pistol Serval :-),You thought it was fun to watch robots trying to climb stairs? Wait until you watch an android climb a ladder.
,Recommended,524220,34783581,Posted: 6 September,all,Player 8,Great story and combat gameplay. Love the soundtrackI encountered the white screen bug but somehow it fixed itself (idk how)8/10
,Recommended,524220,30576759,Posted: 17 March,all,2B,+A good mix of different styles of play+Well made atmosphere+Enchanting music+Beautiful locations+Interesting story+And ofc 2B outfit seems goodIt really makes you think.!Be sure to get acquainted!I LOVE THIS GAME 10/10
,Recommended,524220,31600350,Posted: 7 May,all,2B vs world,"I play on my pc with the minimum system requirements and this game still looks awesome. Finished my first playthrough and i'm still expecting more!In my opinion,Pros:-the character models are awesome-the world is awesome, although it takes a while to render in my system.-both japanese and english voice acting = awesome-this games proved that good music doesn't have to make sense.-character development-Combat is awesome. Thanks PlatinumGames.-the story, i have only unlocked the first ending, THIS FRIGGIN GAME HAS 26 ENDINGS-This is what happens when you combine a company who makes awesome stories and a company who makes awesome combat.Cons:-My pc is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥:c-It kinda gets repetitive because you have to go through the same areas again and again.Will sell my organs for a better PC."
76561198106770229,Not Recommended,524220,34824649,Posted: 8 September,all,Mutiny,Even with a 30% discount STILL isn't worth it. The Game White Screen issue is still a problem even with the NVIDIA update. I got fooled and thought this would solve my issues. It did not the game is still UNPLAYABLE! Screw Square for allowing this crap to go on for so long. It has ruined what is otherwise one of the great games of this year.
,Recommended,524220,33620936,Posted: 17 July,all,TurtleMaster,Really good game.Some reasons i liked it:- Music is AMAZING- S C E N E R Y ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)- The combat system is fun plus has cool combos.- Changing camera angles keeps stuff fresh.- Has minigame-ish flying sections and hacking parts which are enjoyable.- NG+ with different character perspectives and endings is unique and awesome.- Interesting story and characters.If you want a 3rd person hack and slash with decent customization and an interesting story then you should try this game.
76561198076535545,Recommended,524220,31682501,Posted: 11 May,all,Merh Merhh Merhhh,POD 042: How good is this game?POD 153: Best Game 2017POD 153: But expect bugs and crashes during gameplay.POD 042: How is this best then?POD 153: Play it and you will know it.POD 042: Unable to comprehend.POD 153: Somethings in life cannot be explain.POD 042: I guess so.POD 042: See you in game.POD 153: See you too.
,Recommended,524220,30609291,Posted: 19 March,all,Freelancer,"Full Review:http://fg-2.com/2017/03/22/review-nierautomata/Overall this is one of my favorite games of all time if not my favorite. The experience I got playing this filled me with joy, sadness, excitement, anger, anxiousness and lifted spirits. You grow to appreciate the trouble of the character's and the world they are in. The narrative telling by Yoko Taro is absolutely incredible and can only be accomplished in gaming medium. You want proof that games are art here is exhibit A. Everything about this game is incredible, the world, the character's, the story, the gameplay, the soundtrack, the visual aesthetics. This will go down as one of the best games of 2017 and even possibly on the best games of all time.Story – 10Gameplay – 10Visual – 8Audio – 10Fun – 10Value – 10"
76561198070879960,Recommended,524220,33266553,Posted: 5 July,all,exディー ☂,2B 2CUTE!!
,Recommended,524220,33198550,Posted: 3 July,all,Raido,"Great gameplay, great soundtrack and great story11/10if history forgets this game well then ♥♥♥♥ history"
,Not Recommended,524220,31930983,Posted: 24 May,all,Izzy,"While I'm in the firm belief that this is a good game by a good company, it's dragged down by an awful PC port and lackluster support from Platinum and Square Enix.Seriously.Alt-Tabbing breaks the full-screen function.Corrupted controller drivers.Crashes and glitches.Audio levels.It's a good game, but an awful PC port."
76561198042883126,Not Recommended,524220,34943918,Posted: 14 September,all,Mr.Anderson,"1 update since release, it is somewhat fun, but seriously, buy this game on sale only, even at its current sale price, i think its to high, i got about 30 solid hours out of this game, didnt 100% it but did most of the endings."
,Recommended,524220,30599584,Posted: 18 March,all,Barbarfifty,So humanity needs to get rid of hostile robots so they have decided to build female ANIME androids with HUGE swords to do so.I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game!
,Not Recommended,524220,30579300,Posted: 17 March,all,ShinjiKnox,"NieR:Automata is by no means a bad game. It is honestly great, and perhaps one of the best games I have played this year.Unfortunately the only way we have to ""protest"" against all the things wrong with this game is to give it a thumbs down, but don't get me wrong, the issue here is definitely Square Enix. If this game was in the hands of any other publisher who actually cared about their PC base, the game wouldn't be such a mess and still unfixed.I don't want to give you reasons why you SHOULD buy the game, because the game is great. I will give you reasons why you SHOULDN'T buy the game, at least here on Steam.Denuvo is still here and shows no sign of going awayLet me get this out of the review as soon as possible. We have discussed Denuvo to death, and while people should have the right to keep pirates away from their games, it is undeniable that Denuvo actually hurts you in the long run. At this momentthe game has been cracked for monthsalready. If you compare the Steam version to the pirated version, the pirates have clearly the advantage. In the worst case scenario possible, their game will still work while the legit copy won't.Performance is not as great as some people tell youThis is a very weird game to run without FAR (the mod that fixes pretty much everything). It is not graphically demanding, but at the same time carries over a ton of issues from the console version. It shows pretty clearly that the game was directly ported from the console and the console issues were not fleshed out before release.In the PS4 version, the framerate is actually quite variable in some places. Places that should be fine if you consider your PC above the same specs of a PS4, but for some reason it still struggles at certain points for things that make very little sense. The first open-world area lagged a lot in my GTX 970 OC, even though I could still run more demanding games easily, and I still do to this day. Every new release works perfectly, but for some reason NieR:Automata struggles.If you have some time, go read the actual explanation of every function of the FAR mod. It will be clear how little testing they did before releasing the game. In some ways, it even leads me to believe that the base PS4 version was purposelly gimped to make the PS4 Pro more appealing, since the issues are basically the same in all versions.Other than that, be prepared to face many more issues. Fullscreen doesn't work fine without workarounds, the game crashes for some people (I actually lost around three hours of progress in total just because it crashed in points where you couldn't save), some also experience graphical glitches and controller issues. A friend also told me he couldn't play the game properly with his two-monitor setup, but I didn't see it by myself because I'm still a single monitor warrior.The creator(s) of the FAR Mod is not getting anything for his workYes, we can argue that he does it because he likes the game and enjoys doing this work, but there's no doubt it seems very unfair that a game is only playable with a mod made by someone who profits zero from this. Lots of work went into that mod, not only from him but also from other modders as well. This feels very unfair because the NieR:Automata community firmly believe that the mod is so necessary that you cannot play the game without it. If there is a fix for the game, why not actually pay for the work people have done for you, Square?When you buy this game, you give a free pass to Square Enix to do the same thing againBuying this game in its current state and ignoring all the issues of the product is the same as giving a free pass to Square Enix to do the same in every other game they release for PC. Are you looking forward to Final Fantasy XV? Maybe they won't put as much work again because someone will do their jobs for free.Don't get me wrong, even though I love this game, it's been almost six months since release and even the dumbest bugs (such as the fullscreen issue) are still here. They simply do not care, because they are making money and people are being favorable. For a company that wants to make money, why would they care since they are winning?Let me give you a terrible analogy: just imagine you bought a Coca-Cola can but there's absolutely no way to open it. You still want to drink that, so a guy that lives close to you will open the can for free because he is nice. You love your can of Cola so much you want more, but Coca-Cola still keeps releasing fully sealed cans. Maybe someday that nice guy you know won't be there to fix their problem anymore? Maybe the problem wouldn't exist in the first place if people complained about it? If no one complains, if there is no way to put them in the same place as ours, the same faulty products will be manufactured until the bubble bursts and people get sick of it.I won't stop you from buying this game, but please know what you are doing. If I could turn back time, I would have refunded this. As much as I loved the game, I care about future games as much as I did care about this one. If I can avoid putting the future of other games in stake, I would do it without thinking twice, because all I want to do is to click the ""install"" button and play a game without desperately running for solutions for issues that shouldn't be here in the first place.So, again, vote with your wallet. When you buy this game you are doing the same mistake I did, that is to be lenient with companies that are willing to release a falty product and forget about it entirely because someone fixed it for free."
,Recommended,524220,33150511,Posted: 2 July,all,ariKnebretS | XF,Its a very well made game with beautiful looking scenery and tough fights along the way.
76561198020365632,Not Recommended,524220,32064661,Posted: 30 May,all,dougtulane,"It's a lovely, heartfelt, thrilling game. And I can't play it because it's busted. It started crashing constantly, losing tons of progress, about 5 hours into the game.Go buy it on PS4. For the love of God, this is the most frustrating game I've ever played, because I love Platinum, love Yoko Taro, and I love this game, but the game just doesn't work for me. I can't finish it. The mysteries of its plot remain open-ended.I'm never buying a Square Enix game on Steam again."
,Recommended,524220,30587429,Posted: 18 March,all,dark_ogamiya,"Beat it on PS4 (ending E) and I think that this is the best game that I've played in years. Plot, storytelling, gameplay, characters — everything is superb. If you have played previous Taro's games, than you would be pleased to see references to drakengard/1st nier, but it's not necessary to play those games to understand the story of Nier:Automata. If you would read every information in Nier:A, than after the end you wouldn't have any questions.What I love in Yoko Taro stories is that they are not full of stereotypes — they're fresh, unique and what's more important — INTERESTING. Yup, he's not telling you a story about ""rise of the humans"" or something like that. His characters strive to find happines yet fails severly and only cruel destiny is awaiting them. But still they aren't feel sorry or regret anything. They aren't whining about ""what ifs"" and just accept reality. Would they be able to bear it — is another question.Dark yet funny, cruel yet fascinating — this is how Yoko Taro style is looks like.Another ""pros"" of this game — neverending experimentations with gameplay. I haven't tired to play this game, because it's always changes the perspective and playing style. If you have played 1st nier you would get what I'm telling about.Overall: Best hack'n'slash of decade, 10/10."
,Recommended,524220,30610579,Posted: 19 March,all,Conenubi701,"Game is played on a 4790K @ 4.85Ghz/R9 Fury X/32gb of ddr3 2428mhz RamPros:- Perfect mechanics- Great transition from Hack and Slash to the Shmup levels- Beautiful visuals- Nice OST- Full customization of controller settings (big plus)!!- Runs great at 4K (3840x2160) 60FPS in fullscreen mode (if you're not Alt Tabbing or switching to a task on a secondary monitor) on my setup.Cons:- Cutscenes are locked at 30fpsNow, I'm not a ""PC Master-race"" guy and I don't really care if a whole game is locked at 30FPS since your eyes get used to it during a gaming session. But when you're blazing through the action at 60fps and immediately get thrown into a 30fps cutscene it is very noticeable and kind of breaks the immersion.- Camera is kind of iffy at first until you change the settings to your liking in the settings menu.- 4K not yet fully supported, so you might have some issues.4k is available in the option list but isn't fully supported and if you're in Fullscreen Mode then Alt-Tabbing (or switching to a task on a secondary monitor) is weird if you're running 4K, it makes your screen go white. That issue doesn't come up when I'm playing 1440p or 1080p though."
,Recommended,524220,30595990,Posted: 18 March,all,Vector,"This game was something else, the best description I can make is that its a steampunk combination of Metal Gear Rising: Revengance and Dark Souls. If you love one or both of those games buy Neir: Automata right this second!This game may well be a perfect 10 / 10 aside from a couple graphical issues with the resolution in full screen (what game launches now-a-days without a hiccup). To fix the resolution issue I had to download some open source software called Borderless Gaming, either buy it through Steam or download the installer from their Github page, then add Neir: Automata to the favourite list and every time you launch the game it'll be put into a borderless window mode that will fix the 1080p resolution.Im running an intel core i5-4690K and a gigabyte 970 and I was able to play on maximum settings without a problem, constantly over 60 FPS and no screen tearing. I also played with a controller which I cannot emphasize makes the game way more enjoyable, but this is a guideline for any third person slasher like this anyway."
,Not Recommended,524220,35159662,Posted: 23 September,all,samidot,"echoing everyone else's reviewgreat game, awful port"
,Recommended,524220,31089985,Posted: 11 April,all,ktl_q,a lone soldier saw red eyes gazing down in the abyss
,Recommended,524220,31131815,Posted: 14 April,all,Jamfrost Jamiro,"Nier: Automata is my first Yoko Taro experience and what a ride it was. I’ve experienced things that almost made me think Hideo Kojima had a hand in this in terms of how crazy some of the moments and plot developments were. This game has something special going for it and having Platinum on board only solidified its spot as one of the top two games of 2017 for me. I can’t remember the last time I felt my jaw drop while bearing witness to the events unfolding before me. I highly recommend going in with as little information as possible other than what you need to know as a consumer.Now, I gave it plenty of praise, but that doesn’t mean that Nier provides a flawless gaming experience. There were some issues with performance and design. During my entire 47 hours with the game, I played it in Windowed Mode. I don’t think I missed much with that small portion of screen clipped off at the bottom as I played in 1080p on a 1080p monitor, but trying Fullscreen would somehow make the game render at a much lower resolution and ruin everything. I haven’t seen a patched released yet (keep the date of this review in mind), but I imagine a developer solution is in the works. In the meantime, you can try using FAR which is in the Hub if you must have Fullscreen.When it comes to side-quests, Nier can sometimes strike out when it comes to mechanics and gameplay goals. There’s plenty of collecting ingredients and a few escort missions that thankfully aren’t very long. This can lead to some tedious backtracking and environment traversal depending on your patience. However, there was this one quest that I want to point out where you’re sent to go find relics in the largest part of the desert using the Scanner ability of your POD (the little flying droid companion) which beeps more often the closer you are to an item. I honestly thought it was a poorly thought out side-quest. I wouldn’t have minded so much if the desert didn’t have sand in my face for so much of it. I busted out a guide after finding the first item on my own.What Nier does right is mostly everything else. The soundtrack is on point and used in a way to accentuate moments and give them additional emotional weight. I haven’t seen so much care and effort put into a soundtrack in this manner for original music. Just the way a song comes in after turning in a quest or noticing all the variations of a song depending on the area you’re exploring or what you’re doing. I believe there’s an 8-bit version of nearly every song made just for the hacking gameplay. That’s a crazy amount of dedication and hours upon hours of music. I wish they sold the darn thing on Steam.The story component for this game left me satisfied and amazed. The main story and even the side-quests knew how to strike an emotional chord. Nier had me questioning my actions and even instilled a sense of guilt in me during my journey. Turns out fleshing out your characters and giving the enemy a motivation and backstory beyond just having a desire to kill the protagonist does wonders for storytelling. The overwhelming odds, the character arcs, and the gloomy atmosphere that permeated the game created a wonderful and memorable experience. The soundtrack, writing, and gameplay were all skillfully woven together into a tapestry of excellence when it came to delivery.I thought the sense of humor of the game had some excellent timing, especially when it came to the POD dialogue. Those little robots had great comedic timing with their logical statements. More importantly, the game offers more than well-timed jokes. You will be seeing plenty of 2B’s bottom whether fighting, running, climbing up ladders, or riding a moose. This game has fast-paced action and only the best android butts that gaming has on offer.Oh that’s right, the gameplay. Nier has more than just heavy and light attacks. You can dodge, double jump, fire bullets from your POD, use special POD abilities that can be charged up, and switch weapons in the middle of a combo. Sometimes the manual aiming of the POD can be difficulty depending on the environment and much melee you need to do. You can lock-on on the normal difficulty and below to help you out and I greatly enjoy how you can change the difficulty at any time. I had to switch to Easy for the Prologue section and beyond until I finally understood how to dodge attacks instead of eating attacks for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Plus, I reached a point where my Plug-In Chips turned me into a demigod so I needed to give the enemies a bump in power.Customizing your Plug-In Chips plays a big part in powering up your character and giving them additional passive abilities. It can be as simple as more damage and more health or something a bit more exotic like adding a shockwave to your attacks or slowing down time when dodging an attack. It’s a bit fiddly when making fine adjustments and requires some menu navigating kung fu if you want to speed up the process. On the other hand, you can select generic options and the game will give you the best chips for the role such as Offense or something similar. I only ever used loadouts picked specifically to match my tastes and preferences.There’s a healthy selection of weapons spread across four major types that include swords, big swords/blades, spears, and fists. They do have some traits that make them unique from each other and have different combo outputs depending if you put them in the light attack or heavy attack slot for your weapon set of which you can have two. All the weapon classes are fun to use in their own way and made tearing apart machines a good time.The boss fights can sometimes be a single encounter, but other times they are epic adventures that have huge gameplay variation involved. You see, this game does more than melee and POD combat, there’s a shmup component too that goes beyond the hacking portions (yes, you hack by shooting things). The shmup portion is competently done and has two forms. You have your normal ship form and your mech form which allows for both shooting and melee attacks.There are other details I could share, but this game benefits from not knowing too much. I’ll just say that you should keep playing and that reaching the very end is worth your time. Yoko Taro knows how to direct a game and create an engrossing world. Agh! I forgot to mention, there’s a… Well, nah. You can find out for yourself. I hope you enjoy how the story unfolds as much as I did. I have a feeling I’ll reinstall to play Nier again before the end of the year.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=887590209"
76561198066766788,Recommended,524220,33215690,Posted: 3 July,all,Spycrab,"In this day and age, the list of developers who give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about their games is shrinking at an alarming rate. I was skeptical about this purchase for this exact reason. I took a chance. Let me be the first to tell you this is nothing like you've ever experienced. Taro Yoko has given me an experience like none other. In the same sense that dark souls has defined its own genre I feel like Nier Automata has created its own genre. let me ask you this, does hack and slash twin stick shooter 2.5D side scroller RPG soud like fun? Not really. Not if you grew up like me. But let me tell you this: Taro Yoko didnt just make it work. he made it an experience I haven't ever come close to an experience like this and how do you build on a near flawless game experience? a soudtrack that not only matches the gameplay but takes this already amazing exerience and sends it over the edge. I wouldn't mind litterally listening to these tracks on my free time. Beautifully orchastrated. Pure audiotory bliss. In conclusion. There is not a single element, single camera angle, single pixel, that was not given extreme thought and it shows. Even the side quests weren't boring. When's the last time youv'e said a positive thing about side quests? For me, it's been too long. If you're itching for a new experience or tired of the COD grind or the MMO boringness or the constant drip feed of♥♥♥♥♥♥games fed to us by AAA developers today. Play this. its an experience unlike anything.Recomendations To Enhance ExperienceInstall FAR. (Fix Automata Resolution) This game, as great as it is, isnt a great PC port. FAR aims to fix it. You can find a comprehensive guidehere.INSTALL DS4Windows and play with a DS4 (Dualshock 4) you're not going to the accurarte movements needed with a keyboard.Wear headphones and play with no distractions."
,Not Recommended,524220,31397114,Posted: 27 April,all,lolfighter,"Review updated, 14th of September. Original review as follows, update below.A fun game rendered unplayable by technical issues.Nier: Automata offers fun gameplay and an intriguing story, what little of it I was able to access. The first ~5 hours were fun to play, but then the ""white screen of death"" struck: The game will briefly freeze, then the screen will go black, then white. At this point the game still seems to be running based on the sounds I can hear, but the screen will remain white. The only solution is to shut the game down.A little searching has revealed that this is a not-uncommon problem with the game, and has been since launch. The developers have not provided a fix for this bug, and the community has not be able to find a reliable workaround either.This bug is quite unpredictable. Some have played through almost the entire game before encountering it, others get it every five minutes. The ones who are most affected by it can't progress in the game at all, as it can take a player anywhere from 15-30 minutes to reach the first opportunity to save in the game. If the wsod occurs before that they have to start over from the beginning.But even for me this bug is crippling, as the game deliberately makes use of checkpoint starvation at times and, as it so stringently reminds us, does not have an autosave function. If it decides to wsod on me, all progress since the last manual save is lost.At this point I decided to pursue a refund, but as the bug did not rear its ugly head until I was well outside Steam's 2-hour ""no questions asked"" refund window I was denied one. Apparently ""game rendered unplayable by technical issues"" is not a valid reason for a refund. Caveat emptor - let the buyer beware. I would have a 60 euro paperweight, but a digital purchase is not even good for that.I am very disappointed with Platinum Games' post-launch support. In addition to this un-addressed game-stopping bug, the game also suffers from a few other graphical issues and performance issues, issues that community modders were able to swiftly address. And yet Platinum Games, a professional developer selling a 60 euro game, is either unwilling or unable to deal with these problems, leaving it to their paying customers to repair their faulty product. Again, caveat emptor.So in conclusion, I can't recommend this game, and that's a shame. I can't recommend it because it is gambling, and you shouldn't need to gamble 60 euros in hopes of getting a good game and be left with nothing if you lose.If you do buy it, hope that the wsod bug manifests immediately, or not at all. If you don't get it, you will have a fun game. If you get it immediately you can get a refund and be on your way with nothing lost except a little time.But if, like me, you get it after the refund window closes, you're screwed.Update, 14th September 2017. Shortly after midnight.This review was originally posted on the 27th of April, and I want to provide an update. In the months since then, both AMD and nVidia have released driver updates intended to alleviate the white screen crashes, while the developers have remained silent. For some, these updates have fixed the problem, but for others the crashes remain, including me. The other technical issues remain as well.To some, the driver updates constitute an admission of guilt on AMD/nVidia's part, but I feel the need to point out that if these issues are due to driver bugs, other developers know how to work around and avoid these bugs and make games that don't crash the display drivers. I expected the same expertise from Platinum and Square Enix, and they haven't displayed it.So why the update now? At time of writing my time played says 47.3 hours. Although the crashes still happen, they happen less now, both due to driver updates and a host of other measures taken. I decided to see if it was possible to struggle my way through the game, and despite roughly two dozen crashes, I made it.And what a journey it was. At times uplifting, at times emotionally devastating, and ultimately cathartic. I fought, and I persevered, and while I wouldn't call the technical issues a plus by any means, they only made the struggle that much more desperate. At times I felt like I was limping along, desperately praying that the game would finally allow me a save point so I wouldn't lose half an hour of progress that I would then have to replay with the same sword of Damocles still hanging over my head.But I made it, and it was good. It was a good game, wrapped in a bad piece of software. And it's a shame. It's a damned shame that a game this good should be this technically deficient, this mired in issues.I bid a bittersweet farewell to Nier: Automata. A game that I enjoyed despite all its attempts to prevent me from doing so. A game that I would recommend to all my friends in an instant, were it not for the sorry state it is in. A game that I sincerely hope will some day receive the treatment it deserves. Maybe someone will one day fix it. Maybe. Because as the game would tell you, there's always hope."
76561197999394605,Not Recommended,524220,31861700,Posted: 20 May,all,チノちゃんは俺の妹,"Please fix the screen freeze problem,the game is really awesome,don't destroy it"
,Recommended,524220,32709548,Posted: 23 June,all,𝙎𝙖𝙩𝙤𝙨𝙝𝙞 │ ◀𝑷𝒓𝒂𝒗𝒊𝒙▶,"I don't review games very often, but this one needs a review.... . .First of all, the game isn't perfect, obviously. It requires the FAR mod to function correctly for some reason, almost as if the development team got it to kind of ""work"" and moved on. But the community managed to fix that without too much trouble, and I'm not one to judge a game based on that because many games have far more problems than this.As for general gameplay complaints, I wish that the map was a bit bigger, more side stories and such to increase playtime even more to encourage additional playtime after beating the story. I'm thinking like Skyrim for example. I found that the plug-in chips where a bit cramped, a little more space would have been nice. I also whish that there were parts where the flight suits were used without restricted movement, the arcade style scenes were fun and all, but it would have been fun to actually fly one of those things around.THAT SAID.Absolutely fantastic game! A+ 9.5/10 (.5 off for graphical issues)The storyline was complex and intriguing, trying to figure out what exactly was going on was a mind bending process, making the game all the more worthwhile to play. The storyline is deep and heartfelt, gripping my emotions and interest like no other game has done in a very very long time. The development of the characters and story is very well done, to a very high detail.The gameplay mechanics are fast and exciting, and the customizations and weapons are fun to experiment with.Play this game, you won’t regret it.Hopefully some kick♥♥♥♥♥DLC gets released. Side stories!! More side stories!! Lots a material to work with!! Open it up to mods, the community will create side stories!PS: The soundtrack is also amazing! Fit the game perfectly."
76561198064623007,Not Recommended,524220,34961805,Posted: 14 September,all,FeaR_TH3_Reap3R,"Good game, absolute garbage port. This is why the golden rule for Square Enix is to always buy their games on console because they can't handle a PC port to save their life."
,Not Recommended,524220,34993463,Posted: 16 September,all,OzzyOutrage,"I really want to like this game. The multiple gameplay styles are fun and engaging, the music and voice work is crisp and lovely to listen to, and the art style, whilst it may be too ""fan-servicey"" for some is really unique and imaginative.I have also heard many good things about the story in NieR: Automata, unfortunately, I would not be able to comment due to the issues that Square Enix have yet to address, those issues being the numerous glitches and lack of support plaguing the PC port. This game suffers from poor optimization, driver support issues and resolution faults, and whilst some of these issues may be addressed with third-party mods it is still no excuse for Square Enix to simply try to brush this poor excuse for a PC port under the rug.Along with another recent Square Enix published game, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, I think it is fair to say that Square Enix simply does not care for their PC market. If any of these issues were to be addressed I would be more than happy to take a second look at NieR, however, in its current state I cannot recommend it to anyone."
,Not Recommended,524220,34826036,Posted: 8 September,all,☆█▬█ █ ▀█▀ 18+ ➨ yahooligans.com,"THIS CONSOLE PORT DOES NOT WORK IN FULL SCREEN WITHOUT A SECOND PARTY FAN-CREATED MOD. For anyone interested in buying Nier or anyone thinking about choosing the PC version over the PS4 this is an unavoidable truth that should be made very clear. I've been waiting to buy this game since launch, got it on the 35% deal and immediately realized that fullscreen mode looks like the vsync is messed up, it's like looking at a 3d movie without the glasses on.I've yet to try the much touted FAR mod but the entire idea of installing second party software licensed neither by valve nor my square just to run the game defeats the entire purpose of purchasing a game on steam in the first place. There's also more than a few mentions that the FAR mod checks your api to harass pirates but honestly isn't the definition of malware a program with an unadvertised, undocumented, and unwanted function?"
,Not Recommended,524220,32403056,Posted: 13 June,all,moon,"I'm only 10ish hours in so far, but this game is amazing. It has a beautiful art style, a captivating story, and some seriously awesome gameplay. I really do love it.HOWEVER...I refuse to give this a recommendation until the developers patch this mess. I have had four crashes today alone (screen freezing, still hearing audio and movement in the background), and that is with maybe 2 hours of playtime today. It is beyond frustrating being in the middle of a long boss fight and the game taking a dump on itself. And, yes, I have the FAR patch installed.My specs are not terribly high end, but they at least meet the minimum requirements: GTX 970 4GB, i5-6600, 8GB RAM. I am not trying to run the game at maxed graphics. I have AA and AO turned off. Shadows are on Medium. Textures are at High, and texture filtering (?) is at 8x. The latter I have tried off, at 4x, and at 8x and have noticed almost no real performance difference.With my rig I should be able to run this game without any hiccups. And it runs. I have a near-steady 60 FPS at 1080p. I have aninklingof a suspicion that it is not my setup that is at fault here, and if it is I will eat my words and change my review once the case is solve-ed.Again, the game itself is incredible, and I do hope that I can finish it before being shafted by too much more freezing. For now I will chip away at the story until I feel satisfied, but come on. It is a shame that the devs are silent about this whole issue, too. I am not proud that I paid full price for this. That bums me out to say because I really, really like what I have played so far and would love to support the creators more than just ""in theory"".I have heard people say ""...but it works great for me, so whatever."" Not everyone has had the good luck to have gotten through the game issue-free. It is really cool that many have done so, but thatdoes notexcuse the developers from this♥♥♥♥♥of a port, and it does not mean that there are no serious issues that need to be addressed.tl;dr: wait until they patch the game or take a risk and grab it as it is / this is a review that will be updated if the game is  ever patched :)"
76561198032445838,Not Recommended,524220,31706296,Posted: 12 May,all,IceMan#1,"I would have given this game 5 stars but since they still have not done any fixes on this game and optimized it to run properly and since it runs 50 billion times worse than the witcher 3 which I can run at 60+ fps on my 1k asus high end gaming laptop and since this game crashes without using a 3rd party public person that has made a FAR fix and that makes the fps around 32 even with optimizing his settings in the FAR settings for the game, I can only state one thing to everyone: If you do not have a gaming desktop with a graphics card that the game will not make crash then you are screwed and also you have no way of knowing which one does and which doesn't but so far the main one to crash without the crappy FAR fix is Nivida's graphics card line including mine which on forums so far that I have read seems like I am using the highest graphics card of - nvidia geforce gtx960m with 4mb cache and it is ram not vram which is better performance than vram so yeah I can't figure out why this game was even released on steam so poorly optimized and also since I can run the witcher 3 on steam perfectly like I stated above, but anyhow this is my review feel free to dislike it or not but this is my opionion feel free to hate it or like it.  I am done with supporting steam and feel a little sad that such a great company allows such crappy games to stay on steam and wonder if they have no authority to be able to remove them or tell the companys that they either release a working game or do not charge 60 bucks for a freaking game that can have crashing problems etc..."
,Not Recommended,524220,33286499,Posted: 5 July,all,CatTheDreamer,Fix this piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,524220,34977927,Posted: 15 September,all,ChaoticArray,"Gonna cut straight to the chase: this is by far the nastiest game I've ever run on PC. What's supposed to be a beautiful game looks like it's being run on Intel HD 3500 with consistent framedrops. I was able to run this game just fine the first week of release, now I'm lucky if it starts up with no issues at all. I'll change my review if they ever decide to release a patch that doesn't require player mods to run it just on low.Also, the fact that you can play offline but not recieve achievements when coming online or even recorded time is pretty ridiculous. I've been told to use SAM to recieve my earned achievements, but why should I have to do that at all? No other game has ever given me this issue."
,Not Recommended,524220,31662191,Posted: 10 May,all,Sandworms,this will never receive a patch
,Recommended,524220,30577830,Posted: 17 March,all,ShounenT,The game is great however the port was not done well. If you can over look some of the optimization flaws it has right now then you'll enjoy a fluid and fast combat system with an interesting story and amazing musical score.
,Not Recommended,524220,31836435,Posted: 19 May,all,Rrenierr The Android,"Amazing game. If you loved Alice: Madness returns you will love this game too.Everything fits an amazing thing which I dont even know what to call, and the music, colors, visuals and characters come together perfectly.However I have to give this game a negative review since it's still a bad port after all, and would not run on my computer without crashing or being stuck at 5 fps.The fact that fans made a reencoded version online for you to download, which DID work for me only shows the developers are neglecting the game, since it's been proven that this problem can be patched."
,Not Recommended,524220,33315992,Posted: 6 July,all,Video,"Its an alright game, but definitley not worth 60 dollars. I appreciate the assets the developers decided to implement, but that doesn't make it any better of a game. It also is a bad port with no developer support. The only update released was for the fourteen dollar DLC! Considering the games popularity is only in part due to the 2B fanart , I'd recommend staying away. Buy any Devil May Cry game if you want to experience Nier's gameplay."
76561197994113560,Not Recommended,524220,34924318,Posted: 13 September,all,Zanryu,"It's really frustrating. I usually like this kind of games, especially since Platinum Games has developed it. However there are some things that really aren't well suited.The minigun, while ok in the mechanic, is really exhaustive to press on PC. Additionally the double-tap to dodge is unresponsive and partially feels unfair. I dodged and still was hit by the enemy. Why should I even melee the enemy when I'm hit anyways?The rest of the game seems nice (of what I have played). Aside the dodging issue the combat is very fluid and is beautifully performed."
,Not Recommended,524220,32886039,Posted: 27 June,all,Muncrow,"It's not woth the price you have to pay, and the price isn't just the money. You can't play unless you install mod. I can't recommend a game whose developer doesn't care about the buyers at all. Half of the quests are really boring. This game was just hype, I regret I bought it."
,Recommended,524220,30573251,Posted: 17 March,all,D.MAIDEN,"~~i7 6700-HQ,~~RAM 8 GB~~GTX 960M (4GB)~@1080p  ,FPS (25-30)~@768p.   ,FPS (30-60)there is no ULTRA Graphics only High ,Medium & Low, (I am at High)Both resolution had AA off & Vsync on ,..well playing with controller ,(enjoying yet)Graphics is Good ,Lets see ..what happens next. ;p"
76561198041034873,Not Recommended,524220,31512678,Posted: 2 May,all,Rainy,"Should you get this game? Definitely, without a doubt.Should you get this game on PC now? No, not until SE fix the port."
,Not Recommended,524220,35183961,Posted: 24 September,all,☢Edie☢[TomPPaZ],Bad console port. Crashes within 15 minutes of play and even resolution doesn't output right
76561198024476100,Not Recommended,524220,31867790,Posted: 20 May,all,Minuseven,Game is full of bugs. Played the ps4 demo and it runs 10000 times better then the pc version.  Glad I got a refund because SE is taking their time fixing this game.
76561197983801874,Not Recommended,524220,31780177,Posted: 15 May,all,naveadsmes,"NieR: Automata, overall, is a decent game. However, in my opinion, its value does not meet its current release pricePROS:Very fluid combat system as a humanoidExceptionalsoundtrack. Very immersive. Really adds to the gameplay experienceIntriguing backstory prompts further reviewCONS:(WARNING - SPOILERS INCLUDED, BUT BLACKED OUT)Convoluted storytelling methodGimmicky means used to add content to the game.At least three playthroughs are required to see all the endings. The first playthrough only contains about 60% of the storyline. The second playthrough covers the same story as the first playthrough, only from the perspective of 9S. Only in the third playthrough do you actually get to play the intriguing bits of the gameFlight suit fighting gets very repetitive, very quick.Unfortunately, multiple boss fights pivot around flight suit use, which makes these bosses underwhelmingly dull9Ss' hacking mode, much like the flight suit, becomes dull in a short period of time. Unfortunately, the amount of damage that hacking does to enemies is extremely unbalanced and is so effective that you will find yourself grinding through hack minigames more than you would expectStory is never finished. *MEGA SPOILER*You eventually find out that project YorHas' main purpose is to convince android-kind that humans are still alive on the moon, despite how they went extinct several thousand years in the past. This was done to boost the morale of androids, who apparently became depressed upon coming to the belief that humans had gone extinct. The problem with this story is that it implies that an incredibly wealthy and technologically advanced government/entity exists, as the YorHa project would require a vast supply of resources both to initiate and maintain. However, aside from the vauge references found in data files, there is no evidence in-game that this advanced government/entity exists. Only one android ""resistance"" camp is to be found, and they do not appear to have the technological know-how or resources to initiate or maintain a project of the scale of YorHa"
,Not Recommended,524220,31781458,Posted: 15 May,all,NecroNomNom,Horrible port.  Returned it after playing around with visual settings and was not happy with the fidelity given the crappy performance.
,Not Recommended,524220,33617800,Posted: 17 July,all,RedMarz,"The game itself is pretty good. Loving the graphics and all that.But the game literally crashes every 10-20 minutes with the most recent AMD drivers and every google search leads to threads full of this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with no end in sight. Had to downgrade said drivers just to get past the tutorial. I should've paid attention to the negative reviews- I'd get a refund but I'm already 3~ hours in.They made a great game, but they should've fixed all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that came with it by now. Please, if you're considering buying this game, pay attention to the negative reviews and make sure the game doesn't crash for you. Even the highest specs can be affected."
,Not Recommended,524220,31657180,Posted: 9 May,all,龍 Mao,"Probably one of the best games of the year next to Night in the Woods and the liking for me, but it's PC Port really needs to catch up. Performance is a mess, it crashes a lot, the mouse cursor won't ♥♥♥♥ing go away and I have to launch the game in Big Picture Mode rather than from the regular Steam interface if I want it to function with a Steam Controller.Sucks, because I love the game and I'd recommend it to everyone wanting a powerful game that's expertly crafted. But the reason why I haven't gotten as far as I'd like is because of just how unbearable experiencing it on PC is. The game hasn't had any updates as far as I can tell since launch and it's infuriating (and if it did why is everything still broken). I really want to experience the game at it's technical best, but I doubt anyone will see that coming for awhile."
,Not Recommended,524220,31409867,Posted: 27 April,all,BOT Yoshino (四糸乃),"I bought it only to support Platinum games, Horrible management by the publisher, ignored Asia for so long even though they announced ""worldwide"" release. Don't buy this game and get it via alternative means if you don't want to fill Square Enix's pockets. On the other hand, you can buy it to support platinum games like me for their amazing effort put into this game."
76561198082575055,Not Recommended,524220,31807927,Posted: 17 May,all,EDuMLzs,Apparently it's a good game. I didn't got too far because of stupid saving system which only allows you to save  in very far between points. I been killed three times by the big robot monster in chapter 1 and had to start from the very beginning. Will not play anymore if they don't patch this nonsense.
,Recommended,524220,30631948,Posted: 20 March,all,orangemagik,Продал миникарту и статусбар.
,Recommended,524220,30574597,Posted: 17 March,all,Alot,"The plot of the adventure game Nier: Automata says that in the conflict of people and machines the aliens are to blame: they killed almost the entire population of the Earth, left behind an unthinkable number of robots from small to large and safely disappeared. Few survivors hid in the space station and in the resistance settlements, and to reclaim their native spaces, invented androids. Those, acting in special combat units, descend to the surface of the planet and destroy the rusted persecutors of all living things. Centuries passed. One of the androids - a girl named 2B - in the company of the talkative team-mate 9S helps resistance in the fight against robots.Robots-invaders for a little bit relaxed. Someone continues to aimlessly wander through the ruins of civilization and attack everything that breathes. Others go crazy and sound like imitations of sexual intercourse. Still others participate in a strange theatrical performance, acting out the role of the clowns, then the sellers of balloons. Finally, there is a separate settlement of robots in self-government, pacifists who seek contact with people, study philosophy and ask ""how do you conceive a child"". A madhouse, if it's short.All this is a strange, but very interesting to explore world of Nier: Automata. In this story, nothing can be taken for granted immediately, since, most likely, the information received half an hour ago will be refuted after the next battle with the boss. It remains to observe and build guesses, to be surprised by the plot twists and to clutch at the head after another revelation. The world of Nier: Automata is relatively small in scale, but it is full of interesting and simply amusing events, and traveling on it, performing side missions or searching for hidden treasure trails, is no less interesting than in the classic Japanese RPG.In New Game +, you can switch chapters and play not only for 2B, but also for androids 9S and A2.However, it is not entirely correct to compare Nier Automata with ordinary RPGs. The most impressive in the game is a lightning-fast, bewitching combat system, the blessing of which every battle with the most common rusty piece of iron turns into an acrobatic performance. The contractions look relatively more decent than in the Bayonetta (no one tries to force attention to the heroine's extended legs, although sometimes the camera catches very evocative footage), and are much more measured and understandable than in the Meral Gear Rising: Revengeance. Nier in this sense is intuitively simpler than the named games, it gives time to understand what is happening and does not throw tens of new tests on the player's head at a time. This semi-meditative journey is akin to a dance. 2B can be improved and customized for different game situations with the help of chips - for some it may seem too tricky, but the intricacies will bother only connoisseurs of high levels of complexity.A separate point is how cleverly Nier: Automata presents unusual solutions and finds in terms of game design. Being, as a matter of fact, one of the brightest author's projects of the last several years, she absolutely does not hesitate of her identity. The game cleverly switches from slasher to scrollshuter, then changes the angle to the side view, and after - makes you fight with a giant combat robot. Giant - this is when a player fights with a hand, takes it out of action, in a mobile armor soars up into the sky and shoots the enemy in the head.And if you like to consider the main character, you can destroy her skirt (self-destruction and resurrection of android) and catch much more picturesque shots. 2B, of course, will drive away the annoying operator, but in the case of long ladders it does not help. When asked why the heroine wears heels, the creator of the game responds: ""I just really like girls."" When, after the demo version, the Internet was filled with juicy frames 2B, in fact, erotic content and the same illustrations of artists, he just wrote to Twitter: ""Long to collect, you can collect the archive and send?"" The archives are still updated weekly."
,Recommended,524220,32475600,Posted: 16 June,all,Fluchy✠X3,Meme game
76561198011959890,Not Recommended,524220,30654799,Posted: 21 March,all,Jiipe,"PC version of NieR:Automata struggles with a variety of serious technical issues. For myself the game turned out to be unplayable due to constant crashes in the Prologue.Some specs are affected more than others. Maybe your PC will run it just fine, but I would still recommend waiting for the developer to patch these issues before buying."
,Not Recommended,524220,30857848,Posted: 31 March,all,-=jt=-,I love this game to bits but i can't reccomend it while it crashes on my system constantly.known issue with 780ti cards.http://steamcommunity.com/app/524220/discussions/0/135511913382921167/Will update review when this gets patched
76561198045525165,Not Recommended,524220,30577558,Posted: 17 March,all,SenMithrarin85,"Well after seeing that Squeenix held off on review code, and the game's stupid high specs, I had concerns that it would either have a ton of issues or run like crap. Turns out it has both.The game in fullscreen does not work. It seems to render the game at a low res (either 720p or 900p) and upscale it to whateber res you choose. This results in incredibly blurred visuals on top of it being interlaced instead of preogresive.As for performance, those store specs are bang on. The game looks awful and would indeed need a 980 to hold 60 on High with no drops. And thats at 1080p (or whatever res it actually is). 1400p/4k? Forget it lolSquare enix cannot for the life of them port a game that works properly in fullscreen mode (if it even has one to begin with). This is square japan I refer to and not the western branch that uses nixxes etc for their ports.As of right now, I cannot recommend this game in its current state. having to use a program like borderless gaming to maximise a window (the game lacks borderless too btw) is unacceptable when even sodding indie studios can do better."
,Recommended,524220,30601225,Posted: 18 March,all,Diphy,I was able to play on a GTX 750 TiYeah I had to cut down the settings quite a bit but I still got around 45-60 FPS which is pretty playable.Heres some screenshots of what it looks likehttp://imgur.com/a/xshS9Still a fun action game regardless
,Recommended,524220,30628624,Posted: 19 March,all,Yndaaa #Fruitsalad,Absolutely phenomenal experience
76561197963211796,Recommended,524220,30677592,Posted: 22 March,all,Greed,"Love it, Like DmC without the new Dante an actually cool story and gorgeous music. The only bummer for me was the playing 9S part, which kinda seems somewhat unfluent in combat which feels lacking at that point."
,Recommended,524220,30738751,Posted: 25 March,all,Domiku,"The quality of character development in this title is so extreme that I have the hardest time starting a new playthrough and seeing everyone evolve once again. No other game will make you care about its main character like NieR: Automata does. You will receive emotional scars after completing the main story. Just remember, don't give up.Pros:Fast-paced and stylish combat like PlatinumGames does best.A lot of freedom and variety on weapons and abilities.Engaging world that always stays faithful to its rules.The soundtrack is the best I've heard in any game.Great replay value.Cons:The special move of one of the androids is overpowered, but it makes sense storywise.You revisit the same areas for the majority of the game.Thank you Yoko Taro and your team for giving me back faith in video games."
,Recommended,524220,30735721,Posted: 25 March,all,Horatio Stardust,There is an achivement for looking up 2B's skirt.
,Recommended,524220,30728982,Posted: 25 March,all,Alan,I feel more human after playing this game.
76561198076340224,Recommended,524220,30732600,Posted: 25 March,all,Darkiii1 Farmskins.com,"I am amazed and positively stunned by the game (I have never played or even heard of the other Nier-games before). It looks great, the characters are fantastic and the world is perfectly sculpted to give you the exact feel you need to get drawn into the story. It is not just some open world to explore, it is a world where every step makes you feel that whatever war you think you are fighting there is ultimatively futile and not worth going for. And yet the nature and growth everywhere makes it clear that no matter what happens, life will go on and that there is always a future. A solid 10/10 from me and possibly one of the games I will remember and come back to for many years to come."
,Recommended,524220,30764354,Posted: 26 March,all,ConfusedHound,"Robots more human than most humansI could ( most likely will) replay this game so many times and never get sick of itPlease get this game, you will not regret it"
76561198093144869,Recommended,524220,30608277,Posted: 18 March,all,Dirty Berty-Onii-Chan エッチ,First off i'd like to say that even though i have a small amount of time on the game i still have a great opinion on this game. The game is worth the money combat is fluid and responsive although controls are wierd. The soundtrack is unbelivably amazing. The overall look to the game is pleasing to the eyes it is a wonderful experince
76561198005877365,Recommended,524220,30642000,Posted: 20 March,all,Zgamer49,Good game. Really good game.
,Recommended,524220,30698365,Posted: 23 March,all,D.K.,Yoko Taro and his team are visionaries of the games-as-story-telling medium. The main plot is enough to satisfy but you'll be more emotionally invested if you stick it out and do the side quests. Combat systems are fun and accessible. Can potentially feel like a grind sometimes especially when you just want to keep pushing the plot forward but the struggle is apart of the experience.
,Recommended,524220,30602061,Posted: 18 March,all,/ monkaS /,"Came for thighs, got thighs and a great storyline w/ great combat.Pros:ThighsNice Butt physicsNice StockingsMore ThighsGreat PlotNice CombatCons:Got cucked by a fish that was given to me as a quest from a person named Jackass.Don't eat the Mackrel."
76561198017423464,Recommended,524220,30677163,Posted: 22 March,all,Sammael,"Very good game, nice story and decent amount of quests and about 18 hours on first playthrough with side quests (atleast for me) pretty easy achievements in the other hand. Took me about 50 hours to get them all, but still a very good game and worth the money."
,Recommended,524220,30572836,Posted: 17 March,all,ConflictedCelery,"My only regret after playing this game is that I've come to the realization that the gaming industry is so dead, that the possiblity of another game coming anywhere near the amount of substance, emotion, and beauty that Nier: Automata has, is likely to never happen ever again. I'm not recommending you play this game. I'm begging that you play this game."
,Recommended,524220,30631841,Posted: 20 March,all,PhysicsClass,"This game exceeds my expectations on so many levels.Because playing RPG games exhaust me nowadays, I prematurely concluded that I no longer enjoy RPG games or something.I was wrong. I gave up sleep hours just to keep playing Nier:Automata.I'll finally sleep now, but I'm getting back on it as soon as morning comes."
,Recommended,524220,30809931,Posted: 29 March,all,BuddyMocha,"This game is stunning visualy, musically, and story-wise. I would suggest anyone thinking of getting this game to give it a try, especially if you like a good story."
,Recommended,524220,30684851,Posted: 23 March,all,poison snek,"I haven't played an RPG that has me hooked on like Nier: Automata. Bought it 3 days ago and I finished it within 3 days. I was addicted to the story, character, side quests and the world. Well crafted and so much energy was put into designing this game, it provided such a fresh breath of air in today's age of RPGs.Play it, not just for the 2Booty.P.S. the game doesn't end after just one playthrough."
76561198084700895,Recommended,524220,30884356,Posted: 1 April,all,Zeneeser,"Great game, but be wary about it if you have the following things1. Feelings"
,Recommended,524220,30972864,Posted: 5 April,all,NeoLux,"A game that I would remember for a life time. Worth the time money and attention. 300% satisfaction. The good is not able to be expressed by words, play it to see."
,Recommended,524220,30992607,Posted: 7 April,all,人妻キラー,"Easily one of the best games I've ever played.The only slight flaws are some strange camera angles during some of the shooting segments, and inconsistant difficulty. Other than that, the game is perfect."
,Recommended,524220,31036990,Posted: 9 April,all,Arturia,"The game is great. if u only do the mains quests u have like 25h of gameplay, the interactions are funny. the dub version is fine but I prefer the japonese voices.u should do all the side quests to enjoy the game to the max, lots of references to Nier.Definitely a MUST play, worth the 60 euros, but i doubt it's gonna get any dlc history wise."
,Recommended,524220,30655789,Posted: 21 March,all,gette,"Gette [Sometimes you forget what it means to live.][Despite this,][hang on just a bit longer!]   [Brazil]Hope to help you like the ones that helped me before.glory to mankind"
76561198164558226,Recommended,524220,31035891,Posted: 9 April,all,MistakenMoth00,"BUY THIS GAME, SERIOUSLY BUY THIS GAME, IT'S A ♥♥♥♥ING MASTERPIECE.I have only 50 hours of playtime but I have almost completed everything, I am a huge taro fan, I played the original nier back in the 360, and the replicant version for the PS3, I have also played Drakengar 1, 2 and 3, So I can say for sure, that this is easily the best game Taro has ever done, it has:+Great Gameplay+Great Graphics+Great characters+Great mechanics+Great Soundtrack+Absolutely Great StorySeriously this game is an emotional rollercoaster from beginning to end, filled with just the right amounts of FEELS to make you cry like a little ♥♥♥♥♥, the endings are great, they each have a unique feeling to them, and believe me, when you get to the E ending you're going to cry like there is no tomorrow, I know I did.Now to tackle the negative aspects:-The port is not really good-Optimization is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ like seriously I'm getting drops on a freaking TITAN Xp!-The game likes to crash every minute for no apparent reason-THE GPU USAGE IS THROUGH THE ROOFT-The translation leaves something to be desiredBut aside from those problems, the game is really good, easily GOTY 2017, So yeah, BUY THIS GAME, IT'S WORTH EVERY PENNY."
76561198022697224,Recommended,524220,30912628,Posted: 2 April,all,NaN,"Great game, but I had trouble reading the credits."
76561198067203159,Recommended,524220,31022912,Posted: 8 April,all,Illyria Moxxy,"I have never really played a game like this but gave it a try on a friend's suggestion. Lets just say I'm glad I did because I am blown away by this game! To start with, the game is visually stunning and has a fantastic sound track to boot. But Nier really shines when it comes to the actual story line. I'm about 20 hours in at the moment and cannot wait to learn more and peel back the layers of whats going on! Could not recommend this game more."
,Recommended,524220,30626284,Posted: 19 March,all,CohoJET,"Very Hard? Should be a walk in the park!...2 hours after trying to beat the prologue: ""Oh god, why?"""
,Recommended,524220,30792759,Posted: 28 March,all,yuuko,(y)
,Recommended,524220,30605507,Posted: 18 March,all,Raklar,"+ Fluid, responsive gameplay that Platinum has gotten us used to+ Intersting story, though if you haven't seen anything about the original Nier, you're going to miss a lot. Despite not actually needing it to understand what's going on, it adds to the world building.+ Open world that does not feel overwhelming. You never feel completely lost, which is a problem in this type of games.+ Wonderful soundtrack? Multiple playthroughs are necessary to experience everything the game has to offer. Not sure it's a positive or negative, but at this point, it's a tradition in the Drakengard/Nier series- You might start some quests and realize 5 mins later that they are meant for when you have 20-30 more levels, which leads to frustrating deaths.- Fullscreen does not run at 1080p, but windowed 1080 does? Waiting for a patch on this.- Some ocasional quirks with hitboxes when platforming- Not as deep of a combat system as BayonettaNote: Haven't noticed any performance problems other than 30 fps on cutscenes, which is annoying but not really a big problem. Running a through an intel 4790, GTX 970 and 16 Gb Ram."
,Not Recommended,524220,32937725,Posted: 28 June,all,Jason GEX,"This game is really something else and absolutely should be played.Too bad they'll never patch it on PC. Also if youve got a 4K TV/Monitor give this a skip on PC as you will either play the game at 3FPS with a ton of input lag or in a tiny window because the game has no way to change resolution scaling, and you have to run in borderless windowed to get a normal resolution that isnt 4:3 due to the bad port and the way FAR gets around it.1080p is alright, though i ran into some insane slow down towards the end in scenes that REALLY should not have been running at a half a frame per second"
,Recommended,524220,30680352,Posted: 22 March,all,Miphnificent!,"It has been 6 years since I played the original Nier on the Xbox 360 and fell in love with Square Enix's wonderfully crafted world. Whilst the combat wasn't anything spectacular, the storyline and characters were lovely, and the game still holds up to date as a result. NieR:Automata expands upon the pre-established world of Drakengard and the original Nier in a great way.NieR:Automata is a beautiful pairing of the team that worked on the first Nier, and Platinum Games with their wonderful skill in regards to action games. With an amazing storyline, wonderful musical score, as well as interesting characters, the game will leave you wanting more after hours of no-life playing. However, as with all games there are flaws, so lets delve right into the pros and cons, shall we?Pros:- Intriguing Storyline, as well as world building with assets and archives within the world to create a truly wondrous game.- Large variety of weapons, consisting of Knuckles, Small Swords, Large Swords (Greatswords, Claymores, etc.), and Spears, each consisting of their own weapon story whilst being upgraded.- Amazing OST, with every song fitting the area you're exploring, or the boss you're fighting. It's the type of music which is just so good you can listen to it while you play OTHER games too.- Well done combat system which holds its own, allowing you to pull off some combos and whatnot whilst not being too overbearing and taking away from the main game.- Likeable characters which develop over the progression of sidequests and so on, somewhat influencing their reactions throughout the game with one another.- Beautiful overworld with a multitude of well-crafted sights and plenty of space for exploration.- A decent sized collection of sidequests which influence interactions between the characters depending on which quests have been completed and so on.- Various nods and acknowledgement towards the original game, which made me rather feelsy.- A multitude of endings, some of which being small jokes and nods to specific things.- A rather good sense of humor with the game, including a specific achievement ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) and some storyline elements + sidequests.Cons:- Artificial Game Lengthening techniques. Storylines 1 and 2 play absurdly similar to one another, aside from differing tremendously in terms of combat and gameplay (story 2 suffers greatly in regards to this). Both stories are a telling of the same events, however from a different perspective, when the devs of the game could have made a singular joint storyline which allows for character selection on the fly, as well as forced transitions to show what happens to each character in a given circumstance. The game forces you to replay the original arc again with very miniscule changes aside from some lore, the ability to open locked chest, etc. and also a horrible character in terms of combat.- Genre clashing. Some games can mix genre's very well, but NieR:Automata is not one of them. Forcing players into a bullet-hell style gameplay mode which is prone to framedrops and lack of responsiveness, plus hitbox detection issues is a horrible thing to do. Storyline 2 is spent forcing you into a gameplay style for pretty much the entirety of the arc, when the games main selling point for the combat is the hack and slash elements.- Optimization issues. My own personal PC build runs the recommended GPU for maximum settings for the game (recommended by the devs), as well as higher specs in terms of the other parts and has weird frame issues and so on at random intervals. Some portions of the game suffer randomly from very weird issues and so on.- Glitches being somewhat ever present. Things such as target enemies falling out of the playable area and not dying. Required drops from enemies dropping out of bounds or on ledges, etc. Whilst not a huge deal, it is a gripe.Overall: 9/10. Whilst I'm very close to the edge in terms of rating this game a 10/10, some of the cons such as the artificial game lengthening, the fact that story 2 forces you into a playstyle, and other small things being present has made me vote it a 9/10. No game is perfect, however I'd say NieR:Automata is pretty damn close to such.Worth $60?: This and DOOM are the only games I've purchased for full price since building my PC two years ago, and they have both been amazing games. I personally would say that yes, it is worth the purchase if you're fine with spending $60 on a game which isn't going to be as long as most of your traditional RPG's such as Skyrim and so on."
,Recommended,524220,31287623,Posted: 21 April,all,M0deRa1n,- choose a character from the game- start to like him/her- be sure that he/she will die during the gametears/10Will cry again everytime I'll play this game
,Recommended,524220,30576888,Posted: 17 March,all,OD.B. Juzkie,"Before I get into the actual review, let me get this out of the way.Specs:i5 4690k @3.5GHzGTX 970 4GB16GB 1866 DDR3 ram1080p 144Hz ASUS monitor.SettingsResolution: 1920x1080Screen Mode: FullscreenV-Sync: OffAnti-Aliasing: 2xTexture Filter: 16xBlur: OnShadows: MediumEffects: HighAmbient Occlusion: OnPerformanceThis is an odd port... The game itself hasn't dipped below 60 FPS while actually playing, but will often dip to 30 FPS when in a cinematic. Not all the time, but often. As for the resolution. The game is most definitely not running at even 1080p and is most likely upscaled from 900p. I haven't had any problems with a white screen so far either. Guess I just got lucky? Despite all these problems I am still recommending this game because of its gameplay. The difference in resolution isn't that noticeable -so long as you are playing on a 1080p screen- and it would be a shame to pass up a fantastic game like this over something as minuscule as that. However, if you are at the top of the food chain and have an 8k, stretched, 300:9 screen running at 240Hz, don't expect the game to be very playable and please don't give the game crap for it. The game wasn't designed with that small minority in mind and expecting that to be a standard for a ported console game a bit of a far stretch. You wouldn't take a jet plane to a gas station and complain when there isn't any jet fuel for you. Taking a battlestation of a PC to a game made for a Playstation is the same thing and because of that, I don't think these complaints should hold any merit. It really is a shame that 4k and possibly 1440p players will have a hard time playing this gameGameplayThe actual game is fantastic. It takes the gameplay of a typical third person RPG and merges it with a variety of bullet hell aspects every once in a while. The third person part feels a lot like Devil May Cry or any other hack and slash. As I said before, if you don't mind the poor port quality and still have a 1080p screen, give the game a try. If you can get past the upscaled resolution and enjoy the game for what it is, you'll have a good time."
76561198039236946,Recommended,524220,30745389,Posted: 26 March,all,天照 II,Gotta give it a 10/10.
,Recommended,524220,32836485,Posted: 26 June,all,✰ VIK ✰,"Best game ever, 11/10. <3"
76561198003984170,Recommended,524220,32692640,Posted: 23 June,all,Psych0,I want someone to erase my memory so that I once again went through this game and experienced these feelings anew.10/10.
,Recommended,524220,31844997,Posted: 19 May,all,TheMadCossack,"A fantastic mix of addictive combat, bizarre philosophical plot, stunning visual design and beautiful soundtrack. This game makes use of its medium like no other, slowly building up your familiarity with the world and characters in multiple playthroughs to an emotional ending.You could compare this game to Dark Souls or Metal Gear Solid in terms of quality and uniqueness, giving both great gameplay and narrative in equal measure."
76561198083090316,Recommended,524220,30699486,Posted: 23 March,all,[AJSA] SnowFox1008,"NieR:Automata First halfEmotions felt through the game.Happy, fun lots of fighting awesome bosses, lots of fluid killing and dat *** ,2nd half of the game happens:SADNESS FEELS WHYYY <(:_:)>Sadness continues, more epic fighting and boss battles, more sadness, and end with sad.Realize that there is still 2 more main endings to go, you decide to play through again to get them.Get to 4th ending ending D and cry cause it's a bad ending and just stupid sad.Get to 5th and true ending, you get really frustated with amazing awesome way to unlock 5th ending and become super  happy and DAT♥♥♥♥♥again.Then after playing for 42 hours you then have all of your save data deleted because you're a cool guy and want to help out other players.PS: After getting all 5 endings the game lets you leave a permanent message for everyone to be able to read when theyre trying to unlock the 5th ending."
76561198174170473,Recommended,524220,31309622,Posted: 22 April,all,Cori Laika,"Pretty awesome experince of a game, I feel bad for my friends who don't check it out."
76561198025423558,Recommended,524220,31320903,Posted: 23 April,all,HoTSaucE,GOTY!
76561198053734266,Recommended,524220,30642032,Posted: 20 March,all,Abaddon,"-Wonderful, creative story that centers on sentience and life. Serious overtones, but not afraid to poke fun at itself.-Features deep characters with insightful and thoughtful relationships.-A fast-paced battle system with a great deal of meaningful customization.A definite recommendation."
,Recommended,524220,30659340,Posted: 21 March,all,Memfisto,"I can't express enough how astonished I am with the game. There are so many things I didn't expect and so many details that made the game a masterpiece for me.The gameplay is really fun, and changing through the few combat styles/camera perspectives throughout the game keeps it from getting boring fast.The visual art is beautiful (but it might not be suitable for everyone). I thought that the overly brown/gray would make it be repulsive, but the visuals attracted me as soon as the I got to the open world part.Sounds are probably the single best thing in the game. I probably spent 45 minutes in the Resistance Camp listening to the soundtrack alone. Most of them are really wonderful and fitting to the game.The atmosphere in the game is really well done, balancing between intense moments and relatively relaxed parts during explorations.The game might be seen short at first, but additional playthrough possibility that continues your personal stats (and give you a new perspective on the story) makes it worth to invest more hours into it.Overall, the game was a much bigger hit for me than I initially expected it to be, as I had my doubts whether to get it or not, that it might get repetitive as some hack 'n' slash games tend to be. It turned out to be one of the best purchases in a long time."
,Recommended,524220,30969168,Posted: 5 April,all,Сахарок ☕,"Very strange and not ordinary game, it's not really an RPG and not a slasher.It can affect you so deeply by the characters, the presentation of the plot and the music, that you will not hold back your own tears.Listening to OST from this game again and again, you will remember all the spectacular moments with notes of regret, but at the same time and with great joy.After all, you went to this world and met this heroes.Everyone finds something in this game, I hope you found the same thing as me."
,Recommended,524220,31128833,Posted: 13 April,all,Damnit,"I am writing this review because this game deserves more than the measly 83% on the store page. This game is a masterpiece that I would compare to the likes of The Witcher 3. I get that from the trailer, this seems like a typical Japanese hack and slash, with random bullet hell elements or 8 bit sequences, but ALL the gameplay mechanics fit in so well that every fight is a fight for my life. The story progresses at a phenomenal pace and at times I found myself doing side missions just to let what transpire in the main quest to soak in. The characters are very well fleshed out and every playthrough (and do play through it all!) I found myself more entranced in the character's relationships, motivations and hates. The environment and music is what made this game. The scenery is stunning, and the areas in the game are unforgettable because they evolve and progress with you as you proceed. The music is hauntingly good and meshes in well with action set pieces. Actually, to do the music justice, I happened to hear the game music in a random stream and my heart raced with nostalgia.To sum up, I realised this has turned less into a review but more of a love letter... and I am OK with it. If nothing else, put it on the wishlist or watch a stream of the gameplay, because as far as gaming experiences goes, this is one of, if not the best gaming experience.TL;DR My experiences with Nier Automata is nothing short of amazing."
,Recommended,524220,30671412,Posted: 22 March,all,seeker7r4c3r,"Fantastic game. When if I first started playing there was some serious graphic issues. Apparently it defaulted to my integrated graphics instead of my gtx 1060. 5 minutes later and it was running great. every now and then 9S's pod gets jumpy from the camera angle.As far as gameplay itself goes, this is one of the best games I have every played. The narrative is amazing, and sub-quest actually contribute to the plot, instead of just being grinders. The soundtrack is entrancing. The way the camera transitions into different perspectives to change the style of gameplay is done really well. Also having several different types of 'mini-games' incorporated into the core of combat and bosses is very refreshing. The combat itself is quick and responsive. Although you may want to get a modded controller, or re-map the button config to be a little more effective. The upgrade and equip systems are intuitive, and have plenty of depth for those looking.TLDR: Highly recommended for most, if not all players. Absolutely fantastic. If graphic issues are a big deal for you, either know how to fix it yourself, or wait for a patch."
,Recommended,524220,30785194,Posted: 27 March,all,ThoughtWarper,"PROS:+ The Storytelling is absolutely amazing, it's really immersive and gets you on tears easily+ The Soundtrack is a must-have+ Graphics are stunning beautiful+ Character Designs are jaw dropping+ Features True-action battle system (ala Metal Gear Rising - well it's PlatinumGames at its best, guys)+ The combos and unique move sets you can have, based on how you equip them (as Light/Heavy attacks), pretty much enables players to build their own signature moves+ A JRPG at its bestCONS:- Platinum needs to fix the FPS issues** on PC version (I have a Geforce 870M can only play the game on 720p w/ Motion Blur, V-Sync and Anti-Aliasing Off)- I wish there could be Meaningful DLC to extend the Plot after the True Endings, but Taro said it probably won't happen due to Square's budget to this project. A shame, 'cause honestly this story is so much better than the bromance from Final Fantasy XV**There's an unofficial patch from a Steam user, but come on! It's an AAA game, you expect things to be running smoothly out of the box"
,Recommended,524220,30580386,Posted: 17 March,all,Ten,"2B, or not 2B, that is the question.Easily the best butt 0f 2017"
,Recommended,524220,31267099,Posted: 20 April,all,Smug Anime Girl,"listen to all of the recommendations. i went into this game expecting just a nice story and a decent game to pass the time. i had no idea i was stumbling into a masterpiece. this game is on a whole other level in terms of gameplay, combat, and especially story. this game left me in awe and is perhaps the greatest piece of art i have ever had the pleasure of experiencing. 11/10, no other game comes close."
,Recommended,524220,31346115,Posted: 24 April,all,YanderAila,"Pre-ordering this game, I only hoped tohave a good time watching 2B's underwear bouncing around camera.Thus, I was never surprised any more, than I were as I progressed further in the main storyline. Interesting and deeply developed characters, unexpectable plot twists, absolutelyAWESOMEsoundtrack, beatiful character animation and simple, yet thrilling fighting mechanics - all of this together gave me an unforgetable playing expirience.However, there are a few minor ""other-sides-of-the-coin"", such as:-Tech part:1) Poor PC adaption: game only works perfect in Fullscreen mode, Windowed mode frequently lags, sometimes even crashes2) Background and object graphics quality seem pretty oldnot 2017-level, ha-ha, but that is definitely not the thing to get mad about, as it doesn't strike the eye-Storyline part1) Some of the side and main quests appear to be obviously boringthose are only around 10% of all given quests, so that's not a big dealAs a conclusion, I can summorize everything said, giving this game a fair rate of8 out 10.I strongly recommend you to buy this game - you won't get disappointed."
76561198117277762,Recommended,524220,30774363,Posted: 27 March,all,DeathMaster Wolf,"Great gameplay, beautifl soundtrack & wonderful storyIn my opinion, one of the best games of this year"
,Recommended,524220,30578329,Posted: 17 March,all,Ethereal_Noob,"Windows 1016 GB RAMNvidia 1060i7 something or otherThis game is AWESOME. I was hyped as ♥♥♥♥ for it, pre-ordered it and everything. I'm glad that I was justified, It runs awesomely; I haven't crashed, locked up, had to restart, etc.The controls are a little wonky with my 360 controller, I can't find a way to turn up the sensitivity. A super minor thing. I have it on max settings. I need to turn off AA and Vsync only because the framerate chugs a bit when the areas load, also a super minor thing.I'm only leaving this review because the steam thing said that it had ""mixed"" reviews."
,Recommended,524220,31210352,Posted: 17 April,all,Sickrider7,Upskirt simulator 2017
,Recommended,524220,31477117,Posted: 30 April,all,Luna,Getting it on PS4 'cause I can't run it at fullscreen lol
,Recommended,524220,31468571,Posted: 30 April,all,Tenchiken,No one stopsFrom playing this game once started.For GAMES ARE not SILLY LITTLE THINGS.
76561198253749784,Recommended,524220,31289330,Posted: 21 April,all,iri,"Played this game til 3 - 4am every night for a week despite having to wake up and go to work the next day lol.Best, most meaningful game I've ever played. Unforgetabble characters and spectacular combat aside, it understands the unique strengths of video games as a medium and pushes it to the new heights, fusing seamless with the story. Design at its finest. It's rare to come across a game that delves so deep into philosophy (yes, the meaning and struggle of life etc), yet is pure fun every second."
,Recommended,524220,31318839,Posted: 23 April,all,Rawring Lykan,"man....what A ride.I'm not completely finished But I'll write this review anyways.this game...is Certainly one heck of a rollercoaster of emotions.whoever wrote out the story for this...Damn, I gotta hand it to you. such a superbly written story.Especially how it captures you in its pace. and doesn't give you the Full chance to comprehend what happened....Gosh...even after everything, It's Just sticks with you. and makes you Kinda wonder if there's still Lots more to the story.Maybe. maybe Not.Other notable things about the game is that there's Plenty to do:Quests, Ruins to explore, a Surprising amount of different weapons To obtain and wield, Unique ""spells"" etc.the world is also pretty Vast, and it also changes as you progress.I Will say something that should be noted and it does need to be fiXed:the game has the tendencY to crash after switching regions multiple times on foot, which unfortunately, forces me to save somewhere and exit to the main menu, then resume the game to continue playing. it could just be me though.oh and also, you can ride the wildlife around the place. there should be more variety though. like Zebras or goats.well-thought-out writing. visually appealing for an almost colourless world and a superb game that will keep you enthralled in its characters and their actions, and leave you wanting to find out what they will do next.9.8/10 black boxes that will break and blow minds.(Did you catch what I did in my review? :P)"
,Recommended,524220,30748534,Posted: 26 March,all,アストルフォ [HO],H O TR O B O TA S S
76561197998546381,Recommended,524220,31205286,Posted: 17 April,all,8Bitaccent,Absolutely fantastic.
,Recommended,524220,31222510,Posted: 18 April,all,rJ* Internal_,"Nier: Automata - this game is like an onion, it's got layers. And maybe some tears. But I don't really get that attached to onions.It was a great ride and well worth the time.Perhaps not the most well ported game, I would suggest that you don't let that stop you from playing, even if you wait for a patch.Suggestion: Go in as spoiler free as possible."
76561198029221967,Recommended,524220,30783693,Posted: 27 March,all,Hurvey Dernts,A is for [A]ndroidB is for android [B ]uttC is for android but [C]onsciousD is for an[D]roid but consciousely humanE is for Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing gam[E]
,Recommended,524220,31273374,Posted: 21 April,all,Narquois ☝,Yes.
,Recommended,524220,30880590,Posted: 1 April,all,Wally,FEELINGS ARE PROHIBITED;_;
76561198067828605,Recommended,524220,31288108,Posted: 21 April,all,sagbass,"Fantastic game. The story is excellent. If you were lucky enough to play the first Nier and were a fan this is that and a lot more.  Don't forget to play multiple times, subsequent play throughs don't take long either. I enjoyed the combat. Played it on Normal and never died so may want to up the difficulty if you want a challenge. I hope they remaster the first Nier and put it on PC. Or better yet make a third Nier.There were some graphical issues. The cutscenes are locked to 30 and sometimes look terrible. A lot of the environment textures look like they're from PS3 era but I was able to look past it and thought it added more character to the game. I have a 1080TI and at 3840x2160 I would have a bunch of dips but when I dropped it to 2560x1440 didn't have any issues. Using a FX8350 processor so the bottleneck is probably there."
76561198041231674,Recommended,524220,30698135,Posted: 23 March,all,V-Angelus01,"61 hrs into the game with multiple playthroughs and im still not done. this game is beautiful. its emotional. it will hit you right in the feels.+great gameplay+great story, mysterious and leaves you with questions that make you want to play the game more.+multiple endings does not feel forced.++++great music. Seriously, i spent so much time just sitting around listening to the ambient music of this game.+great characters with great development that make you care deeply about them.+simple yet challenging combat. even at max level, there are still parts of the game where you'll get destroyed if you are not careful.+smooth transitions from a bulllet hell to side scroller to 3rd person brawler and back again+beautiful open world with a bunch of cool side quests+butts-30fps cutscenes (i used to care but not anymore, thats how good the game is)-some washed out textures (i used to care but not anymore, thats how good the game is)-moose and boars are absurdly hard hitters. dont mess with them.overall i love this game and i can confidently rank it together with MGSV and witcher 3 based on how much this game amazed me and get into my emotions."
,Recommended,524220,31521723,Posted: 3 May,all,arisune,"I absolutely fell in love with this game, making it my favorite single player game of the decade if not ever.Everything is in place, the awesome and moving story, the epic soundtracks, the lovable characters and the fun gameplay.This game just never stops surprising you.Simply a masterpiece worth every cent."
,Recommended,524220,30577738,Posted: 17 March,all,god,"Great so far, also having little techincal issues (mainly it switching resolutions when I tab out). Really sorry for those who are having problems, hopefully the studio can get some patches out asap."
76561198055417301,Recommended,524220,31367078,Posted: 25 April,all,its \/ /\/  Ethan,Haven't finished the game yet but so far its amazing. The gameplay is very entertaining and the story is pretty intruiguing. 2Bs costume made me pause the game and endlessly fap. 10/10 would fap again.
,Recommended,524220,31383886,Posted: 26 April,all,loganjamesalex,"So good my only complaint is there isnt enough (and I got a lot more hours out of it than say DmC which is a similar game in my mind). The only thing I would add if I could would be a way to level up all the enemies in the game to match the character so I have something to do after collecting everything other than spawning enemies in the little arena you get, I am looking forward to DLC big time"
,Recommended,524220,30657928,Posted: 21 March,all,Zykprod,Just want to thank the players who helped me finish this gamePlay this masterpiece to understand
,Recommended,524220,30578488,Posted: 17 March,all,Doctormix,"In the first few minutes of gameplay you are already excited and even more with the beautiful protagonist, 2B.NieR: Automata is a crazy game for crazy people. When you face your first boss, you think: What the **** is that? Ah yes . . . The wonderful world of Yoko Taro.But let's put all jokes to another place.This game brings some new innovations that I never saw, let me explane which one.Platinum used a mixture of formulas with hack and slash, platform, Arcade, 2D, RPG and other elements; Let's consider which games of this type would be considered ""Mediocre"", where in this generation what matters is FPS and graphics of last generation - and it is worth nothing that it was a very risky recipe, but Platinum did its homework. Throughout the game, you feel that you are part of the game's plot. Congratulations to all Platinum staff who did a great job. I am grateful to have lived all these years to play this work of art. Master Yoko Taro, take good care of your health, because we need more games like this :)PROS:1 - Great gameplay.2 - Great Story.3 - Good design of main characters.5 - Amazing SoundtrackCONS:1 - Boring Open World2 - 2010 old Graphics3 - A bit boring enemy DesignWhat more can I say. I'm glad PC can enjoy this masterpiece too.PS: Still sucks to be a Xbox player though.PPS: For real though, how do they feel that Scalebound (also a game by Platinum Games) got cancelled by Microsoft (♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s) and Nier: Automata got released.PPPS: Don't try to play this game with Keyboard and Mouse"
,Recommended,524220,31377948,Posted: 26 April,all,Hardgum,"I was depressed for two days because of this game, 10/10."
,Recommended,524220,30616883,Posted: 19 March,all,Wolfegang,"Ran smooth on my GTX980Ti 3 way SLI system @ 3440x1440/100hz. Stable as a rock, in my 60+ hours of playing I haven't had a single instance of a crash. Gorgeous graphics and top notch music.Second half of the story doesn't start until you finish the game second time around, and it is a good one.I thought it asked some interesting questions about why we judge and choose the way we do. I insist that you give it a try if you haven't already."
,Recommended,524220,31011813,Posted: 8 April,all,Myuku,Highly trained android soldiers.Battles gigantic machines.Uses advanced weaponry.Has an AI flying floating pod that recommends what to do.Get owned by a wild moose.10/10Would play again.
76561198018347596,Recommended,524220,32934983,Posted: 28 June,all,Syrus,"Incredible characters, story, soundtrack, visuals, and combat; An absolute masterpiece."
76561198018568341,Recommended,524220,30758316,Posted: 26 March,all,Warsplit,"This is the first time in YEARS that i feel a game is actually worth 60 eurosThis game is simply amazing. make sure u get endings A,B,C,D and E"
,Recommended,524220,30773496,Posted: 27 March,all,Flakweazel,"This is the first game I have completely fell in love with since the Witcher 3. The world is charming, the characters are fun and interesting, and the core gameplay is out of the park. If you're on the fence about the game, I'd suggest you take the plunge. Prep yourself its a lake wide and an ocean deep."
,Recommended,524220,30776367,Posted: 27 March,all,Netmaster,I haven't felt this way about a video game since GTA:IV.EDIT: it's just so sad.
,Recommended,524220,30890224,Posted: 1 April,all,StyxxnStones,"IF YOU'RE WONDERING HOW TO SAVE: you need to beat the prologue first, then you can save at access points. So if you keep dying at the beginning, just try to keep going or lower the difficulty.This game is one of those rare games that truly feels like an experience. I may be cynical and jaded and picky with my taste in video games, but still this game made me keep playing and wouldn't let me put the controller down.NOTICE: this game has multiple endings! You'll have get at least 5 endings to get the ""true"" ending (note that only playthrough #2 is a repeat of the 1st, after that it's all new material.)My playthrough to ending A took around 20 hours. Getting the real ending took over 30 hours. The story was a rollercoaster and rarely does a game make me feel the way that this one has. Seriously can't recommend it enough. If there's any justice in this world, this will win GOTY 2017."
76561198102041836,Recommended,524220,32897269,Posted: 27 June,all,TheCowboy,"Plays kind of like Zelda, Dark Souls, and Fallout. Good story so far, and lots of action. may update later."
76561197960688556,Recommended,524220,32974232,Posted: 28 June,all,JetStream,Delicious.
,Recommended,524220,30756941,Posted: 26 March,all,Tesla,It really makes you think.
,Recommended,524220,30842936,Posted: 30 March,all,Wormz,"Literally first review of a game on here ever.Bought NieR because of the Platinum games style combat, but my god that story. The combat is good and fun, but the story is what rockets this up to #1 game in many years for me. Man-tears were wept."
,Recommended,524220,30574947,Posted: 17 March,all,Malvarose,W E I G H T  O F  T H E  W O R L D
,Recommended,524220,31599461,Posted: 7 May,all,Kelvinbazinga,"I wanna say from the bottom of my heart that i love the game and the story and the fact that instead of making you replay the entire game to get another ending, they let you play it from another perspective. But I hate the hacking parts. I really really hate them."
76561198122846321,Recommended,524220,31546957,Posted: 4 May,all,Elkamyst,"10/10 Game of the Year - The story was so deep and captivating.Highly recommended to play with a controller if on PC. I played it on the PS4. The port is as good as it can be already, but this game has some unqiue drone controls that you'd rather have a controller for.This game is slightly unique in the fact that Newgame+ and Newgame++ actually continues the game, instead of replaying things. Newgame++ is totally different, it's like a sequel.First playthrough of the game is only 40% of the game. Newgame+ is the same as playthrough 1, but in another character's perspective. 3rd playthrough is completely different! It picks up where 1 and 2 playthrough left off like a sequel to the game. You have to finish the game with newgame++ to understand the deeper meaning of the plot and it's true masterpiece."
,Recommended,524220,31584140,Posted: 6 May,all,Deoxir,"On February 23rd, the day NieR: Automata launched, I bought myself a copy straight from Japan for my PS4. At that point I had never heard of NieR or YOKOTARO before, and I did not even watch one single trailer or whatsoever before I fired up the game and dove right into it.Oh god. This might just be one of the greatest game ever. Visually stunning, mind-blowing plots and interesting characters, and crazy-good gameplay? It is like 'Hideo Kojima on weed', as I quote some other dude on the Internet. So crazy, but so true. What YOKOTARO made is a true game, not some anime-oriented hack and slash ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t with lame plot and dull gameplay.At the point of me writing this very review, NieR: Automata is still a fully-priced game, and this steam version of the game, I did not get it for free. I bought the game 2 times and I plan on clearing it again on PC like I did on my PS4. This game is THAT good. It is so worth it I couldn't hear my wallet cry anymore.To all these people saying they already got used to games like Dark Souls and couldn't stand combat that is less strategic and 'hardcore': I also play a lot of DS, in fact I've played all of them, including Bloodborne. I just want to say, don't bring DS in, you will only make yourselves look ignorant.In short, just buy this game. If can't play action game for♥♥♥♥♥♥ the game has an easy mode and it can handle most of the combat for you if you want to.P.S. Sorry Western voice actors, I think the Japanese V/O is still better.P.P.S. 2B feels like a different person at a whole to me when you switch from Japanese to English. Try it out, if you speak both languages."
,Recommended,524220,30688413,Posted: 23 March,all,Hunterwoot,"If you're looking to get NieR: Automata solely for android booty and/or Platinum combat you may either be sorely disappointed or pleasantly surprised by what you actually find yourself experiencing. NieR: Automata is the niche sequel to the niche first NieR game in the niche NieR series which is a spinoff of the niche Drakengard series (the games are pretty niche). While neither the first NieR nor the Drakengard series are required to be played to enjoy Automata, doing so will greatly enhance your experience and I'd strongly recommend that you at least familiarize yourself with the story of the first NieR and its connection with Drakengard before playing NieR: Automata (this will also help you decide if NieR: Automata is a purchase deserving of your time and money).  Whether you decide to take that plunge or not, avoidingspoilerswould be something I'd also recommend. Now to get into why I'd personally recommend the game:PROS:-The gameplay is the best it has ever been for the series-The story is an emotional rollercoaster not quite like anything I've experienced before and a well deserved sequel to the first NieR-An absolutely incredible soundtrack that harkens back to the first game's, using its melodies and vocals for emotional impact as well as having entirely original songs that will leave their own new mark on you-One of the most profound moments I've experienced from a game in my nearly two decades of gaming (to say anymore would be spoilers)-Perspective and gameplay changes that keep things fresh and intense-Sidequests with great stories of their own-In keeping with the tradition of the series,multiple endings and further insightson repeat playthroughs that give you a reason to play through the game again-Countless ""little things"" that add to the overall experienceCONS:-The PC port isn't the greatest at the time of writing (the community has already put out several fixes for various problems)-A gameplay mechanic introduced in the middle of the game can become somewhat repetitive-While the combat system is deep and fluid the game never requires or incentivises you (other than satisfying yourself with flashy combos) to expand past mashing light attack, holding down the fire button and spamming the incredibly forgiving dodge (at least on normal difficulty)-A somewhat bland but atmospheric open world setting-The sidequests are mostly menial fetch quests, gameplay wise-The English voice over isn't the best, in my opinion (luckily there's a Japanese voice option)While being rough around some edges, NieR: Automata is immensely greater than the sum of its parts. It's definitely left an impact on me, so much so that I've thought about the game non-stop since completing it and it's earned a spot as one of my favorite games of all time."
76561198312173532,Recommended,524220,32849300,Posted: 27 June,all,Dale the eagle,"Beautiful music. The story has a fantastic development. Five endings left so much considerations. For pc player with keyboard,  it will probably make you easy to die and hard to save progress because you sometime need to adjust both fire direction and movement."
,Recommended,524220,31479180,Posted: 30 April,all,Rawr 🌸,"NieR:Automata is one of the best games I got to experience. This is one of the few games that has a story with a powerful meaning, a story I won't forget. Each playthrough reveals more to the vague plot and shows more about the protagonists. The game was able to make me care about the characters which really made the story. I never experienced an ending to a story like this, it's something that can only be experienced for oneself as I can't explain it. Who knew dodging and shooting balls during the credit scene could be emotional.Pros:- A story that will never be forgotten.- Combat never gets old. A good player is able to do amazing things (perfect dodges, counter attacking, pod skills, using weapon sets to the fullest) all in perfect motion.- The soundtrack is amazing, it really sets the mood during the game.- Likeable characters, I cared about what would happen to them.- Plug-in chips allow for various playstyles.- Each weapon has its own story that can tell a lot.- Small details to fully understand the story and meaning.- I was able to play on max with 50-60 fps with an i5-4690 and gtx 1060, never crashed.Cons:- Graphics aren't the best for today's standards. It really wasn't the selling point to begin with, but some people do care about it.- At one point of the game, the map had to load in every now and then.- Left me thinking about life.NieR:Automata is one of those special games that comes out once in awhile. The story itself was worth it and everything else just makes it all that better. Get this game if possible, it should be experienced not watched.10/10 hit me with the feels."
,Recommended,524220,31027186,Posted: 8 April,all,Kemando,"I love this game. The combat is fast and fluid (though a bit barebones compared to the likes of Platinum's other games, like Bayonetta, for instance), the characters are great, and there's a lot of existential themes going on. There's also a lot of humor and the game can be incredibly meta and self aware at times.There's a bunch of different endings, and the game is highly replayable, with a sizeable overworld. There's a nice enemy variety, a bunch of cool weapons to unlock, good progression systemns for customizing and upgrading your character and abilities through implants. These implants actually affect the gameplay in a meaningful way, and make your advancement feel instantly impactful when you equip them.You can also upgrade each weapon giving it a special ability at it's final upgrade stage, and each weapon has slightly varying movesets, though every weapon in the same weapon class plays primarily the same.There is a missed opportunity for cosmetic unlockables though. I was hoping that for a game with so much replayability there would be a large variety of outfit and clothing customization for the characters, but this is sadly not the case. Save for some head accessories, like a bow, an alien head, a machine mask and some valves, that's about all the cosmetic customization options available, period. Though I guess my prior experience with games like Lollipop Chainsaw has heightened my expectations.The story is good, and the way it's told has you asking lots of questions, this keeps you invested until reveals, twists and plotpoints.Graphically the game looks fantastic, although the overall color palatte is a bit dreary and lifeless for my taste. Though I suspect this is by design considering the themes and content of the game. There are some issues with the port, most of which can be solved through a fan patch found in the forums, or a 3rd part program. All the other issues were present in the game's playstation counterpart.Overall, I'm more than impressed with this game. I love it. And I'm glad more games are getting the PC love they deserve, and that this game has sold so well.2B has the greatest booty of all time."
,Recommended,524220,30775944,Posted: 27 March,all,Nobaddy,"Good game, great game, excellent game.Great story, gameplay, music. Any of the games flaws are outwighted by positives.I strongly recommend this game."
,Recommended,524220,31088689,Posted: 11 April,all,Ursa Omega,"I wanted to wait a few days after finishing the game's ""final"" ending before I wrote a review, I believe the initial high of finishing a great game can sometimes skew one's perspective.Well, after a lot of thought, I believe this game to be a masterpiece. It is hands down one of the most unique interactive experiences I've had in my entire life.What stood out to me the most about the game was how my own perspective of it changed while playing. I inititally bought it for a smooth hack and slash experience, however, by the end the combat (while amazing) was the last thing on my mind.Once the story and atmosphere captured me it didn't let go.The arguement of whether or not videogames are art or not is a popular topic in today's society, I believe there are a lot of distractions from an original experience and well sold formulas only make it tougher for original ideas to come to fruition.Some of my best game experiences have been no name creators with a vision of something new, these are the people who deserve your money more than anyone, people who are willing to take risks, and believe me, the payoff is incredible.If you're looking for something different, this is it.Glory to Mankind."
,Recommended,524220,31356784,Posted: 25 April,all,R1P,hot butts
,Recommended,524220,30662183,Posted: 21 March,all,Jawsus The Shark,"Ive never put in 14 hours of straight playtime into a game before, NieR: Automata is one of my new all time favorite games"
76561197994558969,Recommended,524220,30687869,Posted: 23 March,all,Lyn,"First off: I recommend this game to anyone. Don't let the internet only fretting over a characters♥♥♥♥♥distract you from the fact that this game is great in story, music, world and gameplay.Positives:- great soundtrack- took me 40h to complete (A-E, 97% quests)- good and satisfying battle system (dodging at the right time or using heavy attacks feels GOOD)- interesting design with perspective shifts- several fitting difficuties- good character design- fantastic story- if you are a completionist, you can't really miss anything- powerups allow for a specialized playstyle (like range? like tank? like glasscannon melee? all possiple)- other things i currently don't remembernow the negatives, or rather nitpicks, i encountered within my 60h of playing this game:- frames drop sometimes when entering a new area (gtx1070, for reference)- exploding enemies can spawn right in your attack in a certain area, which depending on the difficulty can end you without a chance- the pacing is partially off (meaning the game can slow down a little too much in certain parts and a particular quest involving the sandy lands is just stupidly tedious)- stumbling over small rocks, while being realistic, this feature feels like it serves no higher purpose other than being annoying- perfect dodge -> unwanted ranged counter killed me more often than it helped. infuriating- dark souls death system (1 time retrieve or else you lose the accumulated exp and power ups)and that is where bugs come in. It only happened once after 60h of playtime, but after a 4 hour exp grind just for fun, an explosive enemy pushed my body through a wall, making me lose the progress of those 4 hours since i can't retrieve my body through the wall...but except for those things its a solid game and probably my GOTY.Just ATM a little bit angry.i will edit in more, should i remember more things"
76561198090647449,Recommended,524220,31213712,Posted: 18 April,all,Blubbzilla,It's like paying 60 dollars to have your soul ripped out.Again.And again.And again.Nier: AutomataPrepare to [C]ry
,Recommended,524220,33530079,Posted: 13 July,all,Dopameme,"I am absolutely amazed by the sheer number of things that NieR:Automata does right. Like anyone else will tell you, it has a well-structed narrative, satisfying combat with considerable depth, plenty of content, fascinating animations, and fantastic storytelling methods that are seamlessly integrated into gameplay. Really, there's little I could say about NieR Automata that most positive reviews wont tell you already. Very few people seem to have any real complaints about this game other than those with performance issues. I have had no such performance issues, instead I have gripes with the actual game itself that prevent it from being GOTY material for me.- You are forced to play a character with a dumbed down version of NieR's combat for a large portion of the game. NieR has 3 playable characters, the first and the last of which have what I'd consider NieR's core combat. These characters wield 2 of the four weapon types simultaneously, and when playing them you choose one weapon type for the light attack and one for the heavy attack. Each weapon functions differently depending on which attack its assigned to, meaning there are 16 possible weapon combinations. You can also swap between two sets of weapons with a single button press. This results in fluid, highly customizable combat system that will make you look forward to every engagement. The second playable character completely throws all of this out the window and replaces it with an overly simplistic version of NieR's combat. This character only has one button for attacking, can only wield one weapon at a time, and all his charge attacks do the same, boring throw attack no matter which weapon you're wielding. The gorgeous animations and vicious elegance that I had become so used to were all replaced with attacks that were slow, weak, and unsatisfying in comparison. You have to play as this character for nearly half of the game.- There is present a frustrating, Dark Souls esque death mechanic where dying meaning losing whatever Plug-In chips (essentially character upgrades) you had equipped and you must return to where you died to retrieve it, but dying before retrieving them means they disappear. Fully upgrading and customizing your Plug-In Chips to your liking can take a lot of resources, and certain upgrades can only be purchased during certain parts of the game. Some of these chips change gameplay so significantly that I consider them indespensible after having used them for a long time. About halfway through the game, I died amidst a huge mob and was unable to retrieve my chips. Because of this, I lost crucial upgrades and could not reacquire them for a long time. I viciously hate this mechanic. Nothing about it promotes enjoyment and it only serves to frustrate and annoy players.- Hacking is extremely boring, shallow, and repetitive. It should have been a sparse mini-game, but it is instead a frequent one that you'll be forced to repeat plenty of times throughout the second and third campaign.- Annoying enemies. There are two enemy types (big robot with fat legs and weird floating worm abomination) that instantly electrocute you and deal heavy damage if you touch them, the only real counter to which is using a random drop item that grants brief immunity to electricity. In one specific part of the game, there are large groups of enemies with an EMP attack that can temporarily remove basic functions such as dodging, attacking, or jumping. Certain small robots randomly emit a lightning sphere around them with nearly no warning - and they fight in groups.- No real New Game+ because enemies do not scale to your level. I'm not talking about the 2nd and 3rd playthrough, because those do scale enemies properly, continue the story and have you play from different perspectives. I'm talking about when you beat the entire game and want to start from the very beginning with all your weapons and upgrades (4th playthrough, technically). Enemies don't scale to you when you do this, so you'll oneshot almost everything in the game. If you want to replay the game with all you upgrades, weapons, chips, etc. there's no real way to do so.None of these issues are enough to prevent Nier from being worth your money, however. While the gameplay is exceptional in many ways (when you're not forced to play a weaker character), the story really was the best thing about NieR:Automata. As someone who enjoys existentialism, I was stunned by NieR's remarkable plot-twists and left contemplating the meaning of life by the finale. Endings C/D and E (the ""true"" ending) and the reveals leading up to them were so thought provoking and emotional that there's not a chance of me ever forgetting this game or its characters anytime soon."
,Recommended,524220,30598816,Posted: 18 March,all,The Joker,"I fell in love with this game. I am seriously considering making it my all time favorite and that is even with performance issues the port has (for me those are not game breaking).It is a marvel that must be played (only if you have a controller), and even though I feel I should be harsher on it, because of technical stuff, I simply can't recommend it enough (again, controller is required and you better have a decent rig)."
,Recommended,524220,31122383,Posted: 13 April,all,rowbot,"Story: 10/10Sound: 10/10Gameplay: 10/10This game is a masterpiece and will surely influence generations of games to come.The story follows similar form to a visual novel, you need to beat the game multiple times to get the full picture. If that sounds tedious, don't worry. Each playthrough is so different that it will not feel like a chore.Buy it.If there is absolutely anything I can knock this game down for it would be the English voice acting, but since the game allows you to do English subtitles with the original Japanese voices it's really not a big deal. The translations are also off a bit - they definitely make 2b sound a bit more heartless and blunt than the original Japanese lines."
,Recommended,524220,31121821,Posted: 13 April,all,专职辅助的喻队,"expensive when I can get free pirate copy to play from some website, but I still bought it and after more than 30 hours playing, I do not regret my purchase. Great storyline and battle scenes. Although achieve 100% of full data is quite hard and I am still trying to do that.But if u r Asian players, I do not recommend u guys buy it any price higher than 199 yuan or equal in other currency. Because we should not support the way SE is doing.在美区60刀买的，玩过是好游戏。国区便宜我吃亏也没啥，也算是玩了个先机。但现在推迟发布没汉化最后还涨价就有点太难看了。"
,Recommended,524220,30813744,Posted: 29 March,all,Consolenaut,"Pros-Fast paced action that feels naturalBy far the best soundtrack of 2017 thus farEngrossing story that explores events through 3 different viewpointsExcellent character design *nudgenudgewinkwink*Cons-Game can't decide if it wants to be third-person or side-scrolling, which often affects game play fluidityPC version doesn't run at selected resolution (if running > 1920x1080 full screen) and instead seems to switch to supersamplingStory dialog often contains cringe-worthy dialog which will turn many western game players away"
76561198089175076,Recommended,524220,31335248,Posted: 24 April,all,Havarkus,"Absolutely amazing, easily my favourite game this year, and just about all time. I'm literally at a loss for words as to how I can possibly praise this game enough, because I can't. If you have an opportunity to play this game, don't pass it up, because I can guarantee that you'll regret it. Easily a 10/10, with my only gripe being that I wished that it could have continued forever. But then, that's not really a complaint is it?"
,Recommended,524220,30991056,Posted: 6 April,all,Grilled Lamprey Vendor,It's like getting lured into a dark alleyway by a beautiful woman and then sucker punched right in the solar plexus. then she steps on you with her heels and you're loving every minute of it. A contender for best video game story that really pushes the limits of the medium.
76561197999610560,Recommended,524220,31323307,Posted: 23 April,all,Additional Pylons,"TLDR version; THESE GAMES MUST CONTINUE THESE GAMES MUST CONTINUE THESE GAMES MUST CONTINUE THESE GAMES MUST CONTINUE -> TARO IS GOD TARO IS GOD TARO IS GODThis game is not perfect. It has plenty of flaws. Visually, it is behind the times, especially the environments (character models are actually quite good). There are some repetitive gameplay elements and recycled environments as well. The RPG elements are really light and fairly meaningless.Despite the flaws, this is one of the best games I have played this year. This is because the game's strongest elements are outstanding and are miles ahead of the competition. Main pros:+Soundtrack - I cannot believe how ridiculously awesome the soundtrack is. It is its own work of art. It completely blew me away over and over again. It is in a made up language? It combines a dizzying array of instruments and electronics. Many tracks dynamically loop into different versions based on context. Wow.+Story - There is nothing that amazing about the story from a purely plot perspective. However, it is a narrative masterpiece. It is remarkable that a story about robots in a completely ridiculous/insane/non-sensical plot can end up feeling so moving. This is an example of a story that would be hard to tell in a different medium. Compare this to most AAA games, where a story that would be purely average if in movie/TV/book form is dribbled out in little bits between gamey grindy elements. This should be a wake up call to developers that something bold and different not only can work but also can generate sales.+Action gameplay - A simple but effective platinum style combat system plays well and consistently in an open world setting. It transitions remarkably well between different camera styles and even between 2d and 3d versions. Although not perfect, this is impressive from a design standpoint that I can go between different 2d and 3d viewpoints, intuitively understand the controls, and juggle the same set of mechanics. There are some major balance issues (some chips are hilariously OP). It looks much nicer in action than in screenshots.+Eclectic - Many different gameplay types seamlessly integrated. Bold. Takes risks, mostly successful. You will absolutely be surprised multiple times if you play this game, even if you are a grizzled and cynical games veteran like me.-Technical - It is a total mess. Get the fan-made patch and disable MSAA to make the game much more playable. I have a low to mid-range gaming PC and could get 50fps at 1080p after patching and tweaking.Buy this to play something special."
,Recommended,524220,30712937,Posted: 24 March,all,Sugoi,"First off, an important disclaimer: This port currently has performance issues. While they're nowhere near significant enough to overshadow the achievement that the game is, they are worth paying attention to.  If you intend to play at 1080 or higher, a powerful GPU is mandatory, even with FAR and reduced lighting detail.With that out of the way: If you have a system that can run the game acceptably,buy it right now.  It's one of the most powerful works in the medium, effortlessly blending genres, eschewing expectations, and delivering one hell of an experience which is surprisingly heartfelt.  It's unquestionably Yoko Taro's best game, and his fingerprints can be found in every aspect of the design.  It's also a phenomenal action game that, while it may not have the mechanical complexity of Bayonetta or Metal Gear Rising, plays smoothly and gives players an enormous amount of freedom to engage in combat on their own terms.  The variety of weapons, pods, pod programs, and chips offers endless customization to tailor the experience to your own playstyle.Special attention should definitely be given to Automata's soundtrack: Keisuke Okabe has created something truly memorable here, and the adaptive nature of it is wonderfully used to accentuate tonal shifts in gameplay.  Subtle and not so subtle musical changes will continually catch you off-guard and punch you in the gut when you least expect it.NieR: Automata is, in many respects, a transcendental work.  Don't miss it."
76561198009195009,Recommended,524220,30598076,Posted: 18 March,all,Zoner Roamer,"Great action combined with interesting characters and a compelling storyline. Especially the music here is excellent.Not a technical masterpiece by any means; drops a few frames here and there on my GTX 1070 / i7 3770; and has some niggles like flickering AO, poor AA and all pre-rentered cutscenes are locked to 1600 x 900.That being said the gameplay more than makes up for it; great combat and suprisingly deep RPG and equipment systems make this one easy to recommend."
,Recommended,524220,32756961,Posted: 24 June,all,🎃~C H E A P~🎃,"This game is a true masterpiece, fantastic story, gameplay, characters, and soundtrack make up an amazing game, and NieR: Automata hits all four right on the nose.  This has been one of the best gaming experiences I've ever had, and I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,524220,30732251,Posted: 25 March,all,GarretMP,"- Gameplay is insanely enjoyable- Story is unique- Lore runs deep- Soundtrack is among the bestThis game is worth more than a single playthrough. Completed every ending, quest, and achievement with a save timestamped at 80hrs played, and I still want to play through it again. Top tier game. In my top 5 for sure."
,Recommended,524220,30713711,Posted: 24 March,all,SwOky,"[Pod 153 to Pod 042][Pod 153]Will the story make you feel a roller coaster of emotions?[Pod 042]Yes.[Pod 153]Is the ost glorious?[Pod 042]Yes.[Pod 153]Should I buy NieR:Automata™?[Pod 042]Yes.[Pod 153]What do you think about 2B's butt?[Pod 042]10/10 would NieR again...[Pod 153]What?[Pod 042]What?About the game:+ Glorious soundtrack[Simone][The Weight of the World]+ Incredible and lovely in-game world+ Great character development and design[2B,9S,A2]+ English voices are worth trying+ Smooth and beautiful graphics+ Intriguing and weird[in a good way]story+ Gameplay...the one and only[Platinum Games]+ Multiple endings[A-Z]Tips:Don't read or watch anything that could spoil you the game.Save often, especially when something sounds fishy *wink*.Don't let 2B's *** distract you from the main story.Get some tissues, the game characters will lead you to a roller coaster of emotions about what makes us human...the good, the bad and the ugly.The more you play the more addicted you will get, it only gets better and better.Final credits ≠ Ending of game.Stop reading and buy the game already.One of those games where you sit back and start thinking about what you just experienced.To all NieR:Automata™ players:Thanks for the help at the end! Glory to Mankind!"
,Recommended,524220,33942203,Posted: 31 July,all,Neo,"When you finish ending A, but remember it's a Yoko Taro game"
76561198080005736,Recommended,524220,31021539,Posted: 8 April,all,Dragonfly,"One thing is for sure. This game will move you in ways you didn't expect. Maybe it's a personal vetting leftover from Lucy and her Eternity, but androids always seem to get the better of me. Androids and those damn pods . . . right up and out of nowhere. A long journey complete with colorful dialogue and such memorable characters that it becomes painful to watch the credits scroll for the final time in an unorthodox, but highly emotional way. The endings stack up as you run through the story and accept favors from Jackass while tuning out the dark overtones of war and survival with fishing and 2B's flawless skirt physics. In addition, the soundtrack carries the game a great deal, and will absolutely tear your heart to pieces at exactly the right times. I love this game so, so much. I love the characters more than I realized, and I loved seeing it all come together like a true storytelling masterpiece. With my parting message, I say this: Limits Exist to be Broken! One thing's for certain; I'm rooting for you. - Dragon"
,Recommended,524220,31617902,Posted: 7 May,all,Corr 天,"Came for the PlatinumGames style gameplay, stayed for the Yoko Taro story and *everything* that entailsand 2B, but let's face it everyone did that at one point or another.Sure, the port struggles with framerates (30FPS cap on cutscenes/60FPS hard-cap) and fullscreen isn't fullscreen.  Why it hasn't been patched alongside some of the memory issues is beyond me, but once you get part those issues, the game is a complete marvel to experience.The gameplay in and of itself is honestly a lovechild between Devil May Cry and Bayonetta (at least to me) with fancy but easy to use combat in a close-ranged sense, to the aesthetic of Metal Gear Rising (we're dueling giant robot arms again!) all the while fitting in philosophical ideas of existentialism - what it means to live and be 'human'.The characters, minus some of the really nameless NPCs, are all incredibly memorable. Hell, some of said nameless NPCs still manage to stand out in their own regard with their sidequests. The only regret about them is that, at least for our protagonist friends, some of their backstory is locked behind external sources though admittedly these are referenced within Automata itself.The music, my gods. If anything I'm completely and utterly bias towards the soundtrack of the game given that a singular song from the demo (Bipolar Nightmare for reference) convinced me that Automata was going to be amazing, and that there are zero regrets in basing my decision to buy off that alone. I don't even care that the soundtrack seems smaller than some other games recently, the tracks are all amazing and that 8-bit twist that sometimes plays is gorgeous.The plot... I lack words.Not without tearing up over how simultaneously happy and sad this game made me and I cannot even be upset about the latter.There are very few titles in games that have rendered me speechless with the amount of FEELS, both good and bad. Needless to say, Yoko Taro does what he does best (take that however you will). You think that a calm part of the plot will give you time to comprehend what just happened, but then realize that this cannot continue and suddenly everyone's becoming as gods.Even without having played the original NieR, I felt like Automata covered a large number of the references that people would want to understand, or otherwise draws them in to wanting to learn more about the characterslike the little deathball friendo that is Emil, gods bless that little guy, or even the Twins who end up with being the kicked dogs because plot.TL:DRGame has stellar gameplay because PlatinumGames.Game has incredible plot and characters to drive it because Yoko Taro.Game's soundtrack is amazing, and used in such an effective way that you'd stop caring about hearing the same song a couple of times.Game has feels; prepare to have them ripped apart, stitched back together, and then cleaved in half with a greatsword before you question if it was worth it, or if you even understood what worth meant to yourself before.If you're the kind of person who stops playing after the first ending, you have no soul.If I could rate it above ten (clearly not counting the port shenanigans) then I would, because this is honestly one of the best games I've played in a very long time and that's including nostalgia bias.[I've walked the same road as you][But, even still][I'm rooting for you!]"
76561198026873914,Recommended,524220,30966113,Posted: 5 April,all,Ghouleh,"It’s great.NieR Automata is a match made in heaven between two flavors of underappreciated game that desperately needed one another.On one side, Yoko Taro has always delivered gripping, bleak narratives that are inevitably saddled by sub-par mechanics due to lack of resources or development experience.On the other side, Platinum Games has long laid claim to some of the best 3D action combat in the entire industry. However, their sales are often mediocre, often due to crippling platform exclusivity (Bayonetta 2, Wonderful 101). This in turn forces them to dedicate their time and effort to churn out licensed games to keep the lights on (Korra, Transformers, TMNT), which although are decent games in their own right, do not evoke the Platinum spirit fans have come to know and love. Also their narratives have been… well. Not the games’ focus.In NieR Automata, we have the fusion of Yoko Taro story and narrative, and Platinum combat and polish. A 3D spectacle fighter of high caliber, grafted onto the NieR universe, even though, in true NieR form, having little to do directly with it’s predecessor.Fans of Yoko Taro will be glad to see that they now finally have a game with mechanics to match its narrative, and fans of Platinum will see a strong return to form after a dry spell of unexceptional games.GRAPHICS:Why the hell should I care? I don’t play games for graphics, and neither should you. (Mass Effect Andromeda’s hilarity notwithstanding), and aesthetics are purely subjective. I like this game’s aesthetic and the graphic seem pretty enough for me. That’s all.SOUND:Both Yoko Taro and Platinum have strong soundtrack credentials to show. This game leans more to the Yoko Taro side of the equation, but whichever side the pendulum favors, it’s a major win.GAMEPLAY:It’s Platinum. Just- Platinum, people. Come on. The combat is amazing. Also - there’s that Yoko Taro flavor of incorporating heavy 3D bullet hell elements into the combat, and sudden perspective shifts, from 3D action to side-scrolling to shmup. It blends wonderfully.What I don’t like is that the big action sequences are interspersed within a desolate, mostly empty open world. The ‘world’ itself isn’t big, but it still docks a few points, since I do not enjoy open world games. And yet, I can see why it’s there. It’s all about maintaining the tension curve. The open world segments are the valleys, where we can recharge our nerves after harrowing big battles. As far as open worlds go, it’s the one that hampers a good game the least, in my opinion. (WITCHER THREEEEEEEEEE--)Furthermore, the chip system, in which you can slot in many different kinds of upgrades in order to tailor your play style, is fun and innovative, when you can turn off sections of the HUD so that you can slot in more chips. The bad part is - there are never enough chip slots for you to play with, and in order to get low-cost high-powered chips, you need to pray to RNGesus on random drops. **** that.NARRATIVEIt’s… It’s a Yoko Taro game. There’s a story. It’s bleakness is a disguise for a heartwarming-ness which in turn is a disguise for even greater bleakness. Happy endings are always to be mistrusted, and expect dizzying turns at every… … t-t… turn. There are multiple endings (and I mean more than two dozen of them). Most are joke endings and fail-states, and a few are part of the proper narrative. However, ever since NieR, Yoko Taro’s endings are not alternative, they’re parallel and ultimately sequential.It’s a good time.UI:My main complaint. The in-game menu makes you jump through more hoops and sub-sections than you’d like, and it gets grating after a while. It’s not a deal-breaker by any means, but it… Could be better.REPLAYABILITY:As befitting a Yoko Taro game  - High. SUPER HIGH. You NEED to replay it to achieve the true ending, and things are definitely different each time. You keep all your stuff, including already-completed quests, already-opened chests, and the enemies scale with you.IN SUMMARYThere’s really not much I can say to criticise this game. The ending is great. The network features are helpful, optional and unobtrusive. The characters are good. Just- Just go. Just go. Go. Buy it already."
,Recommended,524220,30711650,Posted: 24 March,all,Arcturus,"Truly a gem in this time and age of mediocre games.Combat is simple yet stylish open up for a vast arsenal and combinations, story which is the best part; is delicious but bittersweet. Lenght is not an issue since its a game that should be replayed.Overall worth the asking price, im glad for the purchase.You're thinking about how much you want to **** 2B, aren't you?"
76561198055972481,Recommended,524220,30974520,Posted: 6 April,all,Death,"While some games have amazing story and others have amazing combat, this is one of those rare games which perfectly complements its great story , characters, level design , visuals , combat and sound track to create a rare gem of a game.Even after completing it I cant stop thinking about it which is very rare for many modern games. With this game and the original nier (which is a very underrated game too in my opinion), Yoko Taro has joined the ranks of people like Hideo Kojima and Hidetaka Miyazaki for me.This game will definitely be remembered as a classic in gaming world.That said no game is without its flaws and for me the major issue with the game is that Normal mode is too easy and Hard mode is brutal and enemies may kill you in one hit so there are some balancing issues that needs to be fixed.Optimization issues are present as well but the fan created mod fixes most of them.I will definitely remeber this game for a long time to come.P.S. it took me 37 hours to complete the game but steam is showing 16 hours for some reason."
,Recommended,524220,31209672,Posted: 17 April,all,Mr.Oyamada,"As said before, come for the android booty, stay for the story you will definitely cry over."
,Recommended,524220,30773239,Posted: 27 March,all,Eat this...,"This has quickly become one of my favorite games. At some points in the game it shifts your perspective, and in doing so changes the genre of the game your playing, from 3rd person hack and slash, to a topdown shooter, to a platformer. When I first experienced it I was blown away at how seamless it felt. I only had a few minor issues with the camera. The port doesn't have too many options for visuals, such as how there is no option for borderless windowed mode, and the fullscreen doesn't... quite work as intended. But if you're looking for a game with great story, that can make you cry, but still ends up making you beg for more, look no further!"
,Recommended,524220,30888115,Posted: 1 April,all,Nagittchi,Query: Why need 3D when all you need is 2B?
,Recommended,524220,30747763,Posted: 26 March,all,Kaladbolg,Yoko Taro followed me back on Twitter
76561197989620794,Recommended,524220,30578453,Posted: 17 March,all,SteinHolic,"One of the best slasher games on PC for now. Also it have a stunning soundtrack.So far didn't encounter any bug or glitch, and no performance issues. Sounds strange cuz lots of ppl complain about it, seems it differs somehow.Anyway, you can buy it now or w8 a mounth or smth for a patch and buy it then. It really worth it"
,Recommended,524220,31028342,Posted: 8 April,all,Dopest13,NieR:Automata hands down the best game i've played in a while highly recommended
,Recommended,524220,31158719,Posted: 15 April,all,Arcueid,"Who ever it was who sacrificed their save file so I can reach the final ending..my sincerest gratitude. I wish I had written down your name and so I can properly thank you here. But unfortunately I did not..so instead let me do something different:I raise my beer to your honour, unnamed hero. And to the honour of everyone else.IntroductionThis title is a game that became very popular for something really silly: 2B's appearance. Though it probably has to be expected, the design is very appealing, and so that's what people encounter first. But one shouldn't forget that this game has some substance to it. To be completely frank, this title was my first in the setting, and the first game from Yoko Taro. So both my knowledge regarding the lore and history of previous games is non-existent.GraphicsI actually had to upgrade my rig in order to play this game, and visually it was worth it. Perhaps not the best looking game out there, sometimes the texture fading makes certain locations look not too impressive, but there also are moments where the mere visuals are captivating (enough). Overall I myself am not too critical when it comes to graphics, I more follow a ""good enough works just fine"" route, so take my opinion on this with a piece of grain.But with that being said, it's important to mention that (at the time I played this game) there was a huge problem with the screen turning white. Changing to an older driver solved the problem, but it still has to be kept in mind!Gameplay/PortNote: I don't own a controller, so this section mostly will mention how it is to play the game with a keyboard and mouse!The combat itself is based a lot around dodging, especially during bullet hell sections. Having to double-tap a movement key to dodge is rather unhandy, but the true problem lies within the default keybinding: I have died several times because a simple action like using a heal item takes a (comparably) complex key combination that most likely will require you to use both hands unless you re-bind some of the keys. It gets even worse when you want to use an item you didn't previously used, for example switching from a small recovery item to a medium one; at times you even accidentally switch to another item, which can lead to possibly infuriating results.Another problem is that during certain bullet hell sections of the game (during hacking for example) aiming with the mouse is next to impossible which drastically restricts the angles you can shoot at targets and through that increases the difficulty of these sections.Nevertheless and despite it possibly being infuriating at times, I personally find the combat and port sufficing, again perhaps not the best or most innovative, but it remains fun for the most part.StoryI won't spoil anything. There is just a single thing I want to point out here:Many come for 2B's behind, but stay because of the story. And once you reach the final end after having played through it several times..you will not regret it.Not Recommended ForLet me actually try something different here, namely try to figure out to whom I would not recommend this game. You need some endurance for this game, both physical and mental. You need to be open. Sometimes a mere NPC can toss up a question that can very well stick to you for a while, something that's not just rather random, but that has a deeper philosophical meaning to it. Such questions often don't actually have an answer, and the game rarely (perhaps not at all even) tries to give you one. So I believe that to truly enjoy the game to the fullest, you need to be open to think about what is going on. Like mentioned above, the combat mostly is alright, but nothing ground breaking. Most should be able to enjoy it alright for a bit, but if that's what has to keep you fully entertained in this game, this maybe isn't the right title for you.Closing CommentI decided to write this review directly after I received ending E. I have tried multiple times to beat the final section completely on my own, my screen was almost completely filled messages from other players. I refused to give up until I have wasted something between 1 to 2 hours. Then I accepted the help from a stranger, and realized..it was never meant to be beaten alone. It perhaps wasn't virtually impossible, but all odds were stacked against you a million to one. That means I literally only could do this because of someone else. This ending basically has reached a meta level that goes beyond the game itself, and going through that experience rendered me with a hollow feeling, the kind of state you're in when you just have finished something amazing, something you genuinely enjoyed; may it be a book, a series, a VN..or a game.I want other people to see and enjoy for themselves, too."
,Recommended,524220,30759301,Posted: 26 March,all,天照,"hmmmmm its a good game. i'd say, really a real good game. You see, combat happens like a river, requires some degree of refinement from the player. Dont you think that swinging your weapon around is going to take you much far, testing is required. From a perspective of someone who is playing hard mode ofc.The fun is also in the sidequests, the comentaries of the characters and lines, there are many places to go and things to do, some quests reveal things that you were not supposed to know about the story and lore, making you only feel more entangled into the game. Other small things too.i enjoyed fishing, racing, hacking, flying exploring was fun too.score is Suicide Robot/2B's♥♥♥♥♥PS: her♥♥♥♥♥is just a bonus for those who care. so much to do there is no time/point to look up her skirt ( you can detonate her to take the skirt away anyway)"
76561198112955815,Recommended,524220,33113216,Posted: 1 July,all,Sil,"BUY THIS GAME NOW PLOXHaven't made a review this long before. (Just buy it already ffs ;)Amazing story (Read more about it in this review)Beautiful soundtrack (holy cow these are so good)Smooth and fun gameplayCharacters are really in-depth the further you go into the gameplay (Likeability speaks for itself, i found it really realistic how they acted and made interaction with eachother)You wanna keep playing and playing untill you have to goto bed only to wake up in the next morning to find yourself grabbing a snack or two and some mountain dew for the whole day so you can keep on playing ;).(or if you are a god and keep on playing untill you finished the whole game)Before playing i recommend watching/playing pre-quel lore wich might add up some confusing parts of the story (Drakengard 1-2 and NieR Gestalt). It isn't that strongly necesarry but it's for more in depth story immersion.If you managed to get past the technical issues of the game you should try and fix the 30fps cutscenes with vidsquish to increase it to 60 fps for some more immersion. ;)It does take really long but it's definetly worth it IMO. Don't forget to download the FAR mod aswell wich helps with getting past 60fps lock. (You need it for the 60 fps cutscenes aswell).There are multiple endings to the game. Do not stop on ending A. Keep playing untill you've finished all story endings (A,B,C,D,E) to experience the whole story of NieR:Automata. You will be flipping tables once you finished them all (i mean it in a good way :D). Ending A may seem really odd but if you keep on playing you wont really remember the odd ending trust me.You can even help other players in a certain way at the end of the game!, although............if you want to know how.....play the game for yourself to find out >:DWhy haven't you bought it already >_<"
,Recommended,524220,30864230,Posted: 31 March,all,Foolish Poo,"This game is just freaking great. It gets better and better every time you play.Ng+ is a big change in story, play as a different character. Then NG++ wow! another massive change to the story. No spoilers, but i carried on playing fully interested.Good narrativeGood combatGood visualsand a pretty decent character build system in place too.Also there are some good things out there in the world, and you have to actually explore to find them. The game is very non linear in that way, that said. it has a narrative and any game with a narrative is linear.Give it a go for sure. Get some of that bum on your screen"
76561198026907493,Not Recommended,524220,32893018,Posted: 27 June,all,FireCat,Broken resolution. I do not want to download a mod from a random person on the internet to be able to play it in a good resolution.
,Recommended,524220,34771877,Posted: 6 September,all,Brotherman Bill,"Get emotionally invested in a story like this, don't play them just for content. I can gaurentee you will find value and enjoy you time for what you paid if you do as such"
,Recommended,524220,30669027,Posted: 22 March,all,The Void,"Came for the fabled White Moose, stayed for the interesting story, over indulged in android booty. Still a bit iffy on the buttons that blow off all your clothes, though. Not sure what point there is to that."
,Recommended,524220,30669178,Posted: 22 March,all,Nayru,"I came here for the story and the music. ...I stayed for both and so much more.Yoko Taro, Keiichi Okabe, Platinum Games and all the people that worked on this title... From the bottom of my heart, thank you. Thank you for creating such a gem and bringing it over to Steam.I loved the first Nier, and this one blew it through the window. The ""layered"" tracks playing during combat and boss fights are one of the best things that happened in gaming, and I'm so happy that Platinum Games continued with this trend after Metal Gear Rising. It delivers an amazing experience, especially since the whole OST is a true masterpiece AND JUST MAKES EMOTIONS OVERFLOW.DO YOU THINK GAMES ARE SILLY LITTLE THINGS?Truly, I haven't felt this emotional about a game in a long, long while. It still has that ""spark"" or ""soul"" that some of the older titles have and a lot of more current games seem to lack. Getting to experience the final ending of Nier: Automata made me think... ""Wow, this is one of those things it's worth living for to experience.""So, really... Thank you. I am grateful this title exists and that I had the opportunity to experience it.PS. To anyone out there that's playing the game but can't see the appeal in it yet: it's misleading to think that you've seen all this title has to offer after reaching the first ending. Just keep on playing. You will be rewarded for your efforts."
,Recommended,524220,30672161,Posted: 22 March,all,Oujous,"The Graphics are amazing; The music is great; the Story is very good. The best part is what little requirements your computer needs to be to run this. I am running a 6 year old computer (built with top of the line parts at the time mind you)  and I can still run it on highest settings.The biggest downside is everytime I want to run the game i have to delete ""GameData"" out of my save folder or else it will blackscreen as soon as I should beable to ""push any button to start"" My saves are fine, but its just annoying if i forget to do it."
,Recommended,524220,30675942,Posted: 22 March,all,Stay Humble,"I'm so glad I decided to buy this game, It's been the most fun I had playing something by myself in a long time. I'm quite inclined to give this game the masterpiece title not only for it's awesome gameplay, but also because of the way the team managed to put together the ch[A]racters, the story, the [ß]eautiful OST, the [C]inematics and everything else into a pro[D]uct I bet you'll most definitely lov[E]."
76561198168942744,Recommended,524220,30686833,Posted: 23 March,all,✤acemanZ✤,"WOW, this game is really something else, Story 9/10, Combat 8/10, Music 10/10, Action 10/10, Animation 10/10, for me this game was purely amazing and I am so glad i spent that £40 to play this masterpiece of an exclusive. For me this game is a 9/10, its beautiful and really unique. The only CON for me personally would be the saving, Im used to autosave but this game has the ""find the special save location"" and sometimes I forget to save before a boss battle and once I die it takes me quite a bit back :D but that didn't stop me from enjoying this sleep depriving game. The best part is that once you complete it once there are more ending to get if you start again, soooooo yeah I am deffinatly looking to spend a hell of a lot more hours on this game. Oh and a bonus are the side quests <3 Highly reccomend this game if you love action packed hack and slash games, and not to mention the main character (2B) is beautiful AF, enough to make me develope an android fetish.So far I only got the Route A ending but I will most deffinatly get them all :D"
,Recommended,524220,30746085,Posted: 26 March,all,~|RedCrescent|~,"I stopped playing JRPGs a long while ago because of how boring they get, thought I tried this one and well this is probably the best one I've ever played in a while. If you hated Final Fantasy XV's story then this will cover for that. Aside from optimization issues, there aren't many noticeable cons in gameplay. So yes, this is totally worth your time."
76561198080498072,Recommended,524220,30668925,Posted: 22 March,all,KryptiCaL,"I love how deep and dark they tell the story which would leave you in all sorts of emotions.  Seriously, this game is well written. Gameplay is just amazing and this is definitely the best game I've played so far this year."
,Recommended,524220,35102098,Posted: 21 September,all,Tocino,The missing 2 Points goes to the resolution issue.Be kind to Pascal. D:8/10 Great Game!
76561198027264989,Recommended,524220,30746653,Posted: 26 March,all,WenkWenkWenk,"*No spoilers ahead* This is the best game I have ever played. It goes over a wide variety of controversial topics; mainly debaiting death and why we live. There is not much that can be said about this game without spoiling it, but what I can say is; make sure to play it ALL the way through,  and watch all the way through the ending credits.End Note: This game is a worthy sequel of its predecessor and I really appreciate the effort that was poured into its creation."
,Recommended,524220,30746684,Posted: 26 March,all,Jaruna,This game is bittersweet but beautiful.
,Recommended,524220,30899831,Posted: 2 April,all,Exegesis,"This game has really satisfying combat, a great soundtrack, an interesting story, and a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of replayability. I've played through this game and have gotten all the endings except for one (Y) and i must say all the story-related endings make it so worth it for multiple playthroughs. When replaying through it isnt even the same game. Each playthrough starts out completely different from the last, so theres plenty of content to be had. The relationship between the characters and their commanding officers as well as between the three themselves is nice to learn about as you go through the game. There are a lot of archives of information you can find and side-quests that give backstory as well. Would definitely reccomend buying this game."
,Recommended,524220,30594021,Posted: 18 March,all,Steady ℬoy,"Everything that lives is designed to end.We are perpetually trapped in a never-ending spiral of life and death.Is this a curse?Or some kind of punishment?I often think about the God that blessed us with this cryptic puzzle, and wonder if we’ll ever have the chance to kill him.P.S. The Amazing Game With A Good Musical Accompaniment"
76561198041681175,Recommended,524220,30615182,Posted: 19 March,all,Zero,"here some pre-game review just for now and will update (on steam that is, I got 50 hours done on ps4, and im only finished the main quest, im not too fond of side quests but this games side quests are f-ing enteraining),  this game is one of those perfect JRPG, good combat and music, and beautiful view (maybe not so much on PC right now), and I literally falls in love with 2B, and most important of all...dat A S S...OMG dat @ss, god! OH GOD! DAT ASSS... but all I want to say for now is that, dont buy it right now, not just for the lame graphic issue that the transplatform thing caused (seriously the graphic is like playing those PS2 simulator like I did long ago, SHAMELESS ME), but the developer themselves said that just wait for steam discount, yup i say it again, WAIT FOR DISCOUNT!!! and will make it a game worth your while~ OH btw btw, minor spoiler alert, Yokotaro gives us a happy ending for the first time! usually its that he never gives us a happy ending...one last time, WAIT FOR DISCOUNT!!!PS:(spoiler warning!!!)but seriously? a bunch of buildings still largely standing after 10000 F-ing years? go look at horizon zero dawn, its roughly 1000 years and the ruins looks like stone age already, feels kind of weird"
76561198018139768,Recommended,524220,30590697,Posted: 18 March,all,GrizzlyGriffin,"Currently throughly enjoying Nier Automata, with about 4 hours into the game so farGreat Things are:Fun gameplay, took a while to get used to the controller, i wouldn't recommend keyboard and mouse if you can help itGood visuals, characters animate well so far, enviroment looks good too, a bit bland for urban areas, but i feel this is an asthetic choice rather than a comprimise.Engaging plot from the get go, Atmosphere is fantastic, with a great soundtrack with it, biggest highlight of the game so far.Bad Points:Menus dont seem to support mouse particularly well, main menu i had to use the enter and esc keys when mouse clicks would be more suitable.Cutscenes have frame rate issues at times, currently running on a gtx 970, I6500K (if i remember correctly) and i will get frame drops, especially with alot of particles on screen, irritanting but not unbearable.If you want a game with a interesting and mysterious plot, with good gameplay, i would recommend 100%"
,Recommended,524220,30652612,Posted: 21 March,all,michael is a weeb,lots of replayability
76561198092128614,Recommended,524220,32986428,Posted: 29 June,all,Haruhiist,"This game... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥  This game, though I hesitate to use such a light term, is absolutely one of a kind.  I like to judge RPG stories on how good they would be if it was a book, and this game... holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game."
,Recommended,524220,31596858,Posted: 6 May,all,✮ Pixy ✮,"I bought this because I expected mindless intense combat and badassery like in Metal Gear Rising.After my third playthrough, I have been educated on Nietzsche's philosophies, got a taste of Touhou Project, witnessed a fantastic story accompanied by a spetacular soundtrack, gained crippling depression, and wasted 50 hours of my life.Easily a 10/10 masterpiece. I will waste more hours on this game and maybe write a full on review soon...Major respect for all those thatsacraficed their data in order to help out the weak."
76561198076324459,Recommended,524220,32984621,Posted: 29 June,all,JackiFlame,"Animu waifus, great butts, and amazing combat.10/10Would cry again at ending E"
76561198068948199,Recommended,524220,33027254,Posted: 30 June,all,♥,"Pros:- Good plot- Combat is fun and rewards skill and practice- Best integration of online into singleplayer in a game, ever- Two new waifusCons:- Hacking controls suck; you'll probably die more than once because you can't shoot straight- Cutscenes are locked at 30 FPS, the transition from movie to gameplay is jarring"
,Recommended,524220,33045800,Posted: 30 June,all,ℜƱℜƧ,Just play it you'll like it.
76561197981131336,Recommended,524220,33116880,Posted: 1 July,all,overwatch,"Good game...blend of jrpg and action platformer, the gameplay and story are very welldone. Actual fighting feels like hack and slash, but offers complexity with weapons sets, multiple attacks and PODS., aswell as being able to calibrate your teamates fighting style.. Kinda reminds me of the old battle engines like in FF7...Character design is typical anime, ""gohst in the shell"" bad♥♥♥♥♥cyborg chick in a thong paired with ""Claymore"" whiney boy side kick, so even thogh i could do without it i can tolerate it because the gameplay is awesome. Story is good if your into cyberpunk meats anime, plus lots of alternate endings so ive heard. Been waiting a while for a good oldschool singleplayer game......That being said, the the job the Devs did on the PC port of the game SUX, and at this point i Highly reccomend downloading the FAR mod. You can find it the community guids section. The game works fine on most systems, but only after tweeking (and downloading FAR). Hopefully the devs will fix it eventually...they made Bayonetta, lol and they eventually fixed that so...well one would hope"
,Recommended,524220,32956958,Posted: 28 June,all,⎝  Kao  ⎠,"Best game i've ever played in my life. Please complete it, you won't regret it"
,Recommended,524220,33049186,Posted: 30 June,all,iiralfyii,Played nearly 2h of the game.....died.....realised i never saved the game and started over. Also is giving me an existential crisis. My sadistic a*s is loving this.
,Recommended,524220,32981434,Posted: 29 June,all,Bah,"Best plot, music and sheer feels in any game I've ever played."
76561198064175457,Recommended,524220,32997432,Posted: 29 June,all,"';.^.;'Akihito';>,<;'",The best game! worth playing repeatedly since there are many ending.
,Recommended,524220,32956315,Posted: 28 June,all,JAMjpg,"the credits ending ruined my life10/10, probably my favourite game to date, would shed a tear again"
,Recommended,524220,32956190,Posted: 28 June,all,KillZ2MucH,"I'll be honest, I started off disapointed. Optimization was lackluster (Hard to hit 60fps with SLI 1080's) and I experienced a myriad of issues such as an unacceptable amount of popin in the ''Open World'' section and serious screen tearing. Not to mention that the game didn't support my 21:9 resolution without some very ugly stretching (Or the FAR tool which fixed that in everthing but the 30fps prerendered cutscenes) coupled with some not so awe inspiring graphics in some sections let me down at first.It wasen't until I was a little further in that I started to appreciate the game and I can now confidently say that the gameplay, combat and especially story made up for me initial troubles that I experienced. I can honestly report that I was sad that it was over once I finished it.Would definetely play again."
,Recommended,524220,34764149,Posted: 5 September,all,Senjougahara,"While it is still plauged with technical issues, Nier has a rich story, with characters you end up caring about. Its compelling and is only beat out so far by Breath of the Wild for my game of the year, i just wish there was more dlc and was more optimized i want to play this game more!"
,Recommended,524220,30697256,Posted: 23 March,all,PhoenixFire,"I vary rarely do reviews but I could not let myself not review this game.For one very simple reason.I LOVE the story, I like the gameplay.This is the only game I can think of that I will actually remember for the story. I honestly can't explain how much I love the story.Even with the problems currently plaguing the game, I can't reccomend this game enough. If you are someone who is interested in a complicated but good deep story, please at least consider it.That said; if you are someone who doesn't like the gameplay, don't buy the game. You won't have fun with it because it is a multi-ending game. You WILL play (kinda) through the same thing at least twice.I place this as my #1 game in the last 7 years and probably many more years to come."
,Recommended,524220,33758810,Posted: 23 July,all,johnny.killstring,"I never thought that NieR would get a sequel. The use of shifting perspective, gorgeous music, and wonderfully stange post-post-apocalyptic setting; it's all here. Gameplay is much improved, the story is similarly moving and weird, and... damn. It's NieR again.Whoever used one of their 3 wishes from a magic lamp to get this game made; you have my thanks."
,Recommended,524220,30730999,Posted: 25 March,all,Son Nanomachines,"[I've walked the same road as you.][Just remember,][There is light at the end of the tunnel.]"
76561198058063409,Recommended,524220,30591936,Posted: 18 March,all,Mr White,"Solid Port, the only perfomance issue i got is ""Fullscreen"" doesn't really display true 1080 but instead of 900 but its a easy Fix simply play the game in windowed borderless, mind you i have a gtx1080 to run the game.The lock 60 FPS is fine for me cuz it never dips down below 60, the game just stay at solid 60 expect for cutscenes(30).Controls (Keyboard) at 1st its abit confusing cause most of the regular buttom's action are not the same compare to the norm, like shift is use for making the pod shot or srcoll down + arrow keys + E to quick heal your charater without going to the menu but abit of practice one could get a hang of it.Controls (Mouse) In the protion of the game where it forces you to view top down, the mouse moves at 45degrees increments making those portion of the game abit hard but not impossible to finnish. just simply rotate your mouse alot of times to target that specific enemy.The Game is a Beautiful combination of genres which is quite refresing and overwheliming FUNThe SOUNDTRACK IS EPIC, hence it sits at 100% volume and will stay for the whole game.One last thing Try considering Japanese as the main dialouge cuz there's some VAs That also work in some famous animes, ahem Attack of titan Mikasa as 2b ahem and aoi yukki as....."
76561198072250768,Recommended,524220,30655161,Posted: 21 March,all,Alba,"I honestly thought I'd dislike everything about this game outside of it's combat based on my experience with other waifu beat 'em ups and only bought this game because of Platinum's pedigree. I'm glad to say I was wrong.It's hard to describe what makes this game so special since it does play like you'd expect but there's a secret sauce, a specific combination of atmosphere, story, style and music that just makes something that feels like a real game and not a calculated product.That being said, there are some PC specific issues that should NEVER be present in a $60 PC release. Exclusive fullscreen basically doesn't work, borderless fullscreen doesn't work without the use of a 3rd party program and the draw/cascade distance for objects and shadows, even on high is about what you'd expect from an open world PS3 title.Still, I do not regret paying full price for this game. I believe NieR:Automata is a genuine classic, something we'll look back to for years to come and with a few patches/mods, a must have PC game."
,Recommended,524220,30685542,Posted: 23 March,all,"Wolfy ""Cutesy?!"" Awoo","An absolutely fascinating form of dissertation on the nature of existentialism and the human condition, coupled with all the gameplay only Platinum could provide. If you've either a taste for philosophy or a taste for character action games, this will provide exactly what you're looking for."
,Recommended,524220,30692116,Posted: 23 March,all,Rarharg,"Superficially, NieR: Automata is a hack-n-slash between silver haired callipygian androids and cartoonishly toylike robots in a post-apocalyptic world. While that might be a good enough reason for some people, digging a little deeper into the game reveals some compelling writing and masterfully executed direction and storytelling. While it draws from standard Sci-Fi tropes, such as self-aware robots imitating human behavior, it does so in a way that complements to the main story. Ultimately, the game's story examines various themes of loss, specifically an existential loss of self-identity in polarizing situations. Existentialist, nihilist, and absurdist concepts are finely woven throughout the storyline, although admittedly they were pretty blatant by explicitly naming characters after famous philosophers. Even the tiny side-quest details, weapon histories, and archive information are rich with lore and philosophical questions (some of which may be a bit cryptic without prior knowledge of the story from the other games in the NieR universe). All of this culminates in an emotional and philosophical journey which I highly recommend, even if just for the story and perhaps more importantly, how the story is told.Of course, on top of that the gameplay is excellent, featuring fluid and acrobatic hack and slash 3rd person combat, bullet hell sequences versus giant robot fighter squadrons, mechanical mayhem, hacking minigames, and absurd jump puzzles. On normal difficulty, the game can quickly get too easy if you bother doing side quests and get overleveled. That being said, harder difficulties remain refreshingly exciting and punishing. I appreciated how some core gameplay elements are explained within the scope of the game universe, even down to the UI elements.Pros:+ Excellent overall story & storytelling+ Fun combat with solid mechanics and customization (weapon sets, pod abilities, chip sets)+ Amazing soundtrack that complements the various themes in the game very well+ Great models and animations for the androids, especially the main characters+ Specific setpiece environments are very well designed and received a ton of attention to detail. Defined camera angles helped to establish the mood in a few parts of the game.+ Good voice acting (English)+ Did I mention how amazing the music is?+++ Epic boar ridingCons:- some story elements are a little convoluted and their significance can easily be lost to those unfamiliar with previous entries in the series.- a lot of the environments in the open world are bland and lacking detail, seeming more like a Potemkin village than a place meant for people to inhabit.- The second act of the game can be, for lack of a better word, a bit redundant at times. Well worth it in the third and final act, however.- Occasionally can't climb ladders properly. Probably the only gameplay bug that I encountered in the whole game though, so it's forgivable.- Unfortunately, although the game supports arbitrary screen resolutions it deals with fullscreen quite poorly by stretching from a lower resolution to fill the screen space - even on standard resolutions. As a result, the game looks pretty smeared out by default. Fortunately, This can be fixed using SKIM:http://steamcommunity.com/app/524220/discussions/0/135512104777399045/. Still a hassle, since the game runs perfectly fine otherwise.- while the game runs at 60fps on my six year old computer, cutscenes are jittery and limited to 30fps. This is probably a consequence of being a port from PS4, but strikes me as odd considering the pre-rendered nature of those scenes."
,Recommended,524220,30865798,Posted: 31 March,all,last man standing,"EDIT: Square Enix how about you do something good for once in your lifetime and port NieR 1?This is game is far from perfect, the combat system is nice but heavily underutilized, the open world looks beautiful but has invisible walls everywhere, the second act of the game just straight up shouldn't exist and the hacking minigame gets incredibly boring after a while BUT this game is also one of my favourite games of all time and I absolutely love it, the writing is great, the (japanese) voice acting is great, the art design is gorgeous, the soundtrack is an absolute masterpiece, the story is great and the world is highly interesting. If you're a fan of great stories and are willing to invest some time to get one, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,524220,30988934,Posted: 6 April,all,[Fabulous] *Marnellus*,"Very enjoyable character action game with a superb soundtrack which is second to pretty much none as far as AAA Games in recent memory go. It has really cool world building that throws you into a fascinating, somber feeling world (imho kinda Dark Souls-esque) which will make you ask a couple of existantialist questions. The biggest downside is that the much acclaimed different ""endings"" are mostly no endings at all, its just a pretense for you have to power through the same content twice with very little noteworthy difference until you are allowed to progress with what is pretty much the second half of the story. What helps is the fun and responsive combat that people assosiate with platinum games and which is also present and well realised in this title and the majestic OST. Characters are kinda bland and would have deserved to be more fleshed out, but androids be androids and they do a good enough job when it matters.Also Butts."
,Recommended,524220,31295974,Posted: 22 April,all,Dealocs,"What a ride, they don't make games like this anymore."
76561198086212417,Recommended,524220,31298143,Posted: 22 April,all,Amadeus2054,"Pros - This is a fantastic 50+ hour experience that will go down in gaming history as an all time great. I played it straight through and couldnt recommended enough to anybody. It is unique, unusual, and there is a beautiful story (that opens up across mulitple playthroughs) hiding behind the initial hack and slash/twin stick shooter/sexy androids that you've seen in every video review for this game.Cons - between 20-30 hours in i felt it was getting a bit repetitive, thankfully the main gameplay formula is fun and kept me going through to where the story began to open up again. There is also one area where the pop in is atrocious, i didnt feel it detract heavily from the game. Just a minor annoyance that i got used to after the first few times through that area. Hopefully there will be a fix for that soon.Amazing game, will definitely be keeping a close eye on Yoko Taros work from here on out. 9/10"
,Recommended,524220,30626719,Posted: 19 March,all,limabean.exe,"I didn't know this game even existed until 2 days before it released on steam and I'm extremely impressed at itI'm running it with an i3 dual core processor and a GTX 760 GPU and it runs very smoothly for the most part. It looks gorgeous, maybe not as good as some of the screenshots but with my pretty sub-par graphics card I'm happy it runs at all.I've heard some people complain about the keyboard controls, personally I thought they were fine, they can get a bit clunky with aiming your pod (robo machine gun buddy) during 2d platforming bits but locking on to enemies tends to help thatGameplay is super satisfying and the story seems surprisingly deep, I haven't gotten that far in so far but I have high hopes for how it turns out. The bosses feel boss-y and the characters are pretty good imo, not the most complex in the world but they have more depth than your standard anime tropes and considering anyone considering buying this is a weeb anyways that should be a plusSo far I can't recommend this enough"
,Recommended,524220,30641064,Posted: 20 March,all,Vodka-Sama,"Amazing, just like 2B's butt."
76561198054176689,Recommended,524220,30655678,Posted: 21 March,all,TheByQ,"The internet made me believe the only good thing about this game is the overly realistic butt. Playing it made me realize it's only the tip of the awesome iceberg. An iceberg made of amazing music and locations, with great story.The only downside is the fact that in some sequences, like hacking, the mouse controls are annoying, and that cutscenes are capped at 30 fps."
,Recommended,524220,30714221,Posted: 24 March,all,Butterlord,"The world is beautiful, animations are beautiful, the music is beautiful. It's a beautiful game.Seriously I have no gripes with this game, nor is it at all boring. It truly is a good game and recommend you give it a go.Also the highest difficulty means you get killed in one hit for all you masochists out there, coupled with a dark souls-esque save system."
76561198047450496,Recommended,524220,30729630,Posted: 25 March,all,Eater of Books,"Yoko Taro has served everyone on the dance floor. They don't know it. He doesn't know it. He might not have meant to do it, but he has.Nier:Automata is an incredible statement on art, culture, and philosophy in the early 21st century.Androids and machines, clinging to past ideals, philosophies, ways of action, saying and doing things because it's what people before them did, despite those actions having no meaning in the present, imitating what has gone before without a shred of the substance within that made those things tick.Much like most cultural produce in these times, and the words people cling to as philosophies.BUT NONE OF THAT MATTERS TO THE FACT THAT THIS IS A REALLY REALLY REALLY GOOD VIDEOGAME.Any philosophy, and even the great story, with its twists, reveals, and everything else is unintrusive icing on the cake that is this game. The core combat is good (and the I-frames are nice and forgiving). The switches between Platinum Character Action/Spectacle Fighter, Twin Stick Shooter Bullet Hell, Sidescroller, and Neo Retro Twin Stick Shooter Bullet Hell, are stylish and (mostly) smooth, and unlike so many games, each different component manages to be good on its own.There's a level of care and consideration put into every aspect of this game (except possibly the 1080p 60fps max res/framerate lock, and the model pop-in) that's just incredible.Uninstall your OS program? There's an ending for that.Use the Self-Destruct in the hyper-secret orbital space station base? They thought of that too.Equip a spear and a large sword? Oh, yeah, there's a special combo and set of gorgeous animations for that.And the animations are so good, too. This whole game is great. It's wonderful. Buy it, play it, love it.Even if you're just thinking about how much you want to **** 2B."
,Recommended,524220,30823718,Posted: 29 March,all,beat it kid,evangelion of videogames
,Recommended,524220,30600728,Posted: 18 March,all,Käpt'n Kork,"Great game, really enjoying it so far!The port is a bit lackluster but I dont have any problems unlike others."
,Recommended,524220,30714842,Posted: 24 March,all,Predator,"It's a platinum game with a story that makes MGS look simple, a soundtrack that will make your ears gush tears of joy, and character designs that make Final Fantasy look somewhat tame.Also theres butts, lots and lots of really nice butts.What the hell are you doing reading this? Just buy the game already."
,Recommended,524220,30619496,Posted: 19 March,all,Cheshire Madness,I've been waiting one year for this game to come out.this is one of my best gaming experience!Thanks to all the people who participated in its creation.
,Recommended,524220,30652514,Posted: 21 March,all,exierSin,Finished the game by eating a mackerel. 10/10
,Recommended,524220,30734191,Posted: 25 March,all,Haunted Player,"To indirectly quote Jim Sterling, NieR:Automata is a piece of media that could only exist as a videogame. I have cried because of sadness, happiness and pain, but I cried for a reason I never thought I could cry for. I now understand why some art lovers cry when looking at a beautiful painting.You will never play a game quite like this one and I beg of you to support it in any way you can and spread the word. Yoko Taro is a treasure."
,Recommended,524220,30737710,Posted: 25 March,all,Rashin,"I have put in about 7-8 hours in on the game now and looks like I will be in for the duration. The game officially has me hooked. The soundtrack, amazing. The openness of the world, astounding.   The fight mechanics for bosses are not to be trifled with. I found that the most adicting part of the game. If you ignore the mechanics, you die. I am spending most of the boss fights pecking at the HP for the boss so that I can see where the weaknesses are. It is so much fun. Worth every penny."
76561198102782054,Recommended,524220,30737995,Posted: 25 March,all,luft262,"If I were to grade Nier Automata against other action RPGs I would give Nier a B+, in comparison to Skyrim and Witcher III which would get A+'s. Nier Automata is a fun, action-packed game with a lot of uniqueness that boarders on quirkiness. For example, the game depicts sexuality in many ways, just look at B2's short skirt and white panties, but never goes so far as a sex scene like Witcher III. There are also a plethora of childish, goofy-looking robots populating the Nier Automata world, along side scarier looking, more serious bosses. One of the things I appreciated about the Witcher III world was the cohesiveness and seriousness of the storyline. In Nier Automata there is a wide mixture of adult themes coexisting with kiddy comic relief. All in all that was my biggest pet peve with the game. The game delivers both a serious and comical atmosphere, which may be appreciated by some, but I prefer my games to have a serious and adult storyline and art style.Interestingly, Nier Automata is a game that must be replayed several times. After beating the game you will be invited to play through the game again as a different character, experiencing their story and abilities. I am currently on my second pass through the game and I enjoy getting more of the story by experiencing the game through the eyes of a different character who's missions sometimes overlap with the original character's, but often diverg into completely different missions and different areas.The gameplay in Nier Automata is fun and action packed. It behooves you to think strategically and master your build and combos, but simple button mashing will also work to a degree. I felt the game was a lot of fun, but button mashing was more viable than in Witcher III and less viable than Skyrim, if that gives you an idea of the technical skill required in combat.Overall I would say:Gameplay: Very good if you like action RPGs and light combos.Graphics: Very good, but could have been better. It is obvious that this game was a port from PS4. The port is a good one, but the graphics were not tweeked to accomodate powerful PC rigs and what they can handle. The FPS is also locked at 60 FPS.Story: The story is quite good, but with too much comic behavior, art, and style from the robots. If robots conquer the earth I expect them to be serious-looking. There is lots of replay value given that you can beat the game along various characters and story lines.Music/Sound Effects: Very good, as you would expect from a Tripple A title from Square Enix.So is it worth $60? If you like story RPG games like Witcher III you will like this and should buy it. If you are not into open world games with sexy fighting androids who combo you should wait for a sale or not buy."
76561198024524401,Recommended,524220,30607621,Posted: 18 March,all,Irrapture,"Freaking amazing. If you have played any of the Kingdom Hearts games, buy this ASAP. I run the game smoothly and on max setting. Have no problems on my PC. Soundtrack is wonderful. Wonderful is an understatement. The soundtrack is perfect and fits with the setting. Speaking of the setting... IMMERSION. As soon as you finish the tutorial and get into the city, you will get this calming feeling as you explore around with the soundtrack. Definitely recommend a controller for this game. As a die hard Kingdom Hearts fan, I feel right at home playing this game. Everything about it reminds me of the KH series. Feels like an open world version of it. If you're thinking of buying the game, do it. This is the most fun I've had playing a game since Witcher 3, and that is saying a lot."
,Recommended,524220,34617743,Posted: 30 August,all,DarkFrost,"Slight performance issues all fixable by 1 mod, otherwise Great game. Would recommend."
,Recommended,524220,30813233,Posted: 29 March,all,dalieni,"Yoko Taro + Platinum Games. If you are familiar with Yoko's or Platinums previous titles you know that these guys combined are a gift from the heavens.Story was great, full of tension and twists. Gameplay was fantastic and tight. The characters animations are top notch. Music, oh the music. The music is something that I will be listening from youtube for a long time.If you are worried about not playing Drakengard or the previous Nier before this one, don't be. They are not heavily tied together. By watching a quick recap of the previous titles should get you up to speed with the references in the games world.All in all I had a blast playing Nier:Automata and I can fully recommend it to everyone thinking about buying it."
76561198008963396,Recommended,524220,30602889,Posted: 18 March,all,Asero,"Superb Story, very nice combat system a lot things to explore, 100% replayable"
,Recommended,524220,31369610,Posted: 25 April,all,Hellion,This is the Neon Genesis Evangelion of videogames
,Recommended,524220,34770270,Posted: 5 September,all,Roystalfos,"Well, it's my first time writing a review, and this game really deserves the time to talk about it. 100% completed the game (all routes / endings / achievements ), and it still brings me back to enjoy the game experience once again.Pros:The soundtrack is one of the best (if not the best) that I've heard in years. Trully a masterpiece.Awesome gameplay. There's a lot of options for begginers ( like auto-lock on if you have the aiming of a stormtrooper, auto-dodge, etc ) or for experienced players ( if you want a true challenge going through a bullet hell ), weapons and battle styles.The story is deep, emotional, with a lot of side-quests  ( most of them are fun, and some of them leave you with a bittersweet taste, thinking about a lot of things from the perspective of the main characters ).Cons:A lot of people still have problems with the fullscreen mode (the ""fullscreen"" option inside the game can't fix that). You could try a third-party software to fix that,  or ... just press alt+Enter on the menu screen (dunno, that works for me xD, maybe I'm just lucky ). Still playing on fullscreen at 1080p 60fps, without fps drop / screen problems."
,Recommended,524220,30646440,Posted: 20 March,all,Skadi,its like im playing bayonetta and touhou at the same time.10/10
,Recommended,524220,31954945,Posted: 25 May,all,Isindel,"Absolutely Amazing Game.+ Fast Paced Combat+ Excellent Story and Characters+ Beautiful Soundtrack+ Basic Open World Elements(side quests, very little ""on rails"")+ There will be feelingsNier requires 3 playthroughs/campaigns to experience the game to its fullest.Therefore, If you're looking for a somewhat lengthy(My completion time was 30 hours) atmospheric story based game that you're willing to see to the end, I would highly recommend Nier. If you're the type of person that only puts a few hours into a title then moves onto the next big thing, I wouldn't recommend Nier as you won't find any closure.I played with a PS4 controller and experienced no crashes or performance issues(Sorry to those that are experiencing some technical issues =( ). The only downside is the cutscenes are locked to 30 fps as they are pre-recorded, however its not that big of an issue."
76561198382329460,Recommended,524220,31403710,Posted: 27 April,all,2B,"I  had years to feel like that about a game, one of the best games out there with great story"
,Recommended,524220,34823883,Posted: 8 September,all,CoClan | Alex,buy it you won't regret it
,Recommended,524220,30578670,Posted: 17 March,all,Blattdorf,"Fantastic game so far. The port works well and offers a plethora of graphics options.This game isn't super hard, but carelessness will get you killed quickly. Learn to dodge.If it's your first time playing this game, especially this type of game - do not start on Hard. It's called Hard for a reason.EDIT: Damn. GOTY contender right here. Cavia is well and truly alive."
,Recommended,524220,34874864,Posted: 10 September,all,Аsdolg,"- Do you wish to lose your efforts, your time, tears and blood?*sniffs*- YES, DAMN YES, DO IT PLEASE*sniffs*"
76561198156205912,Recommended,524220,34774097,Posted: 6 September,all,❄=WINTER=❄,This game is fun for a while but after you play around 5 hours or so it gets a little boring
,Recommended,524220,31527820,Posted: 3 May,all,Tengusama,"Insane , One of the best Single Player Experiances this year! - Pc Port Is a Little funky but go download the fix and all Is well ...  Really enjoyed the smootheness that the game has to offer and would recomend this to anyone Looking for High Speed action! Cant Wait to get stuck into NG+ And maybe try out some of the harder difficulty settings!-TLDR A must play in my books even despite the shoddy port"
,Recommended,524220,31459036,Posted: 30 April,all,Senpoi?,Two words ♥♥♥♥ing Radical
,Recommended,524220,30634392,Posted: 20 March,all,Makuren,"This game is a refreshing take on your usual hack and slash.The fighting mechanics are very much like Devil May Cry or Bayonetta.The story is intriguing and I keep going back for more.The music is astounding and I am very interested in buying the OST as it is.The boss battles are fun to play through, dynamic, and often have mutiple stages. Great!What makes it unique is that the game transforms from free roaming world to 2D platformer to Gradius ish top down fighter jet simulator. I love  how the game interchanges them.My only issue:The biggest issue I am vocal about is the lifeless world the game. The world lacks immersion in the sense that there is a lack of clutter and items to fill the scenes. Sure there are NPCS, theats, and a few animals however all the buildings you enter are completely empty of technology, items, and life. It's as if I am are running around cities that were being built by a construction crew just to rot. The developer could have really added more depth by adding more to the scenery of the game. Was the building a school, a work place, or a public service? Players could have explored through the structures and find easter eggs and lore but there is none of this. I feel like the geography and mapping is their beta landscape for the game without any investment.Overall this game brings a unique gameplay style I haven't seen and am thoroughly enjoying it!9/10"
,Not Recommended,524220,31798130,Posted: 16 May,all,LudwigPorpetoven,"It actually is a great game, but has a lot of bugs that developers refuse to patch."
,Not Recommended,524220,32967228,Posted: 28 June,all,SplashTastic,"Wait until this game gets fixed by Square Enix, the resolution is awful in fullscreen, wait until this game is both on sale and fixed."
,Recommended,524220,30593793,Posted: 18 March,all,HonorGuardian,">>> Don't mind me. I like to keep this note in Steam as backup. :) <<<FYI: I completed the game with the true endings: Route A, B, C, and D at Hard. I am not going do the story at Very Hard mode... It would just kill my motivation.Nier Automata PC REVIEWPRO:- Graphic is superior at 1080p60- My favorite character styles: White Hair and Black clothes! Just many beautiful characters out there!- Auto-Run mode! Wonderful hotkey to allow hands rest.CON:- Controller Setting need to add keybind for some actions like evade and midair dash. Double-Tapping to evade is extremely poor since evade will not work after few evades in tight intervals. There was no way to choose items after Scroll Down, only if player uses both Keyboard and Mouse. [There was a discussion about a mod that using autohotkey to bind key to actions which requires time-consuming and double tap to activate. For example, Press Shift while move will help 2B to evade in less stress work]- Graphic Setting does not support full screen on second monitor while recording/streaming via OBS [I use Windowed Borderless Gaming as solution by put the game in windowed and use WBG to play it on second monitor]- Cutscene runs at 30 FPS during everything else runs at 60 FPS... FPS goes up and down again and again actually hurts my eyes because I HAD TO adjust my sight to watch at game's FPS.- Going to a map in menu takes longer time to access than intention... It should take few clicks or key to pop into map quickly.- While looking at Active Quests, it won't pinpoint in map right away, so I had to look for it on map myself...BUGs:- Few quests will pinpoint at wrong area or out of bounds. For example, Lost Little Sister quest after escort the Little Sister to the end shows that it points at out of bound near The Tower of the City. It disappears after turned in the quest to The Big Sister Machine.- Sometimes your partner will get in your way when attempt to do something while he/she gets in your way. For example, 9S got in 2B's way while attempt to push crates, but she got talked instead. Another example, 2B popped at front of 9S while approach the Baby of ""Forest King,"" and it took at least 30 seconds to finish few meters walking...- Menu has lag input [Confirmed when attempt to transport]- Medium-sized Machine with aSpear has huge invisible hitbox. It hits me with at least five meters away from the tip of the spear.- Setting sometimes restored to default setting without my approval after launching the game.- Camera sometimes being crappy. ie: Fixed perspective moved slowly from area to area, and it forced me to go in blindly and got killed. Spear Machine happened to one-hit kill me when the camera did not move properly.My PC System:i7-4790k + Win 10 Pro + 16GB RAM + 500GB SSD + GTX 1080 + 1080p60 Monitors"
,Recommended,524220,30843364,Posted: 30 March,all,"Euron ""Thots Begone"" Greyjoy",Please don't be the guy who gets the A ending and immediately goes to complain on the forum about length. This game should be taken at its word when it says you should playthrough more than once. If I am to be honest the A ending really only caps off a prologue if anything.Those of you who have gotten to ending E will get the following sentiment.We're all in it together.
,Recommended,524220,32767625,Posted: 25 June,all,Kawamura,"Real awesome, although the price b4 the summer sale is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but whatever I'll played it anywayReal recommend this to all of those who like action J-rpg like I did!"
,Recommended,524220,30688342,Posted: 23 March,all,n9,"Updated: Clean-up, tl:dr for those who don't like to read through a thesis.Possible spoilers ahead.Saw the trailer last February amongst many other recommendations of cat videos(thanks youtube) and thought its awesome and was going to be a console exclusive but then saw that it was going to be on steam.I really enjoyed Bayonetta on XBOX, so since its from platinum I was excited because I haven't played any since then. I tried not to give in to the hype and managed to hold on for a few days but the train ran me over and next thing I knew I had already pre-ordered(THE VALVE ACCESSORIES ARE F'KIN UGLY!!!).I was concerned because of the pre-order ♥♥♥♥storm in recent games and this is the only game I have pre-ordered ever. So to console myself I thought, 'if anything I'll just be satisfied from seeing 2B's butt' and only had expectations on 2B's backside. Woah this is one long prelude, I dont read and write reviews so forgive this wall of text.Butt I will write this anyway because I can't stop thinking about the game and can't sleep properly. I Played it 3 days straight from release with a few hours of sleep and got mindhumped. How the whole plot unfolded was probably how it made my eyes sweat a little bit, every character's part in the whole campaign against the enemy and their fate when it all ends.THE SOUNDTRACK!I usually turn off the music/BGM everytime I start a game, but (very)fortunately for me the game did not allow me to mute it on the first screen and totally forgot to set it in-game, so I got to hear amazingly beautiful music(literally makes my head tingle every time, I hope it's not cancer). First time I've laid down controls just to listen to the BGM. I think plenty of thought has been put into the soundtrack and how they're implemented during in-game events. The track that plays on your first encounter with Adam & Eve(this cannot continue?) is a good example, it is a strange(ly good) tune but it captures the feeling of the event.Another good one is on a certain ending, once you accept an assistance offer, a whole choir starts to hum/sing with the theme song which is amazing(the songs included). The ending theme songs are awesome, they all relate to the circumstance, motivations and attitudes of the characters.GameplayI never expected a DMC/Bayonetta level of combat depth because it is a mash of multiple genres after all, but still the mechanics are very solid and is still very enjoyable. I really prefer the swordplay so 9S' playthrough felt less enjoyable since his move set doesn't appeal as much as the others.'Open-world'- Environment stays true to the game's setting with bland colours throughout. It is small but enough for farming materials/chips or mindlessly slashing everything that moves. Eploration will reward you with fragments of background story information(archive entries mostly) so it's worth doing if you want to understand the whole plot. Raises a problem if you're a farmer like me where at some point your level will be way higher than the next story mission and you'll just be breezing through some stages.Controller/Gamepad- Not absolutely necessary, but will significantly improve your whole experience with the game especially with the shooter/bullet hell parts. They've allowed us to change keybindings with the kb&m, but there is just very little else to do for those who do not have controllers/gamepads. Besides you really don't expect the best experience with kb&m for this kind of game right?PerformanceNo complaints, dont really care about super fancy graphics. 2B's bottom still looks fabulous on my screen even on upscaled resolution. game runs at constant 60fps(1600x900 upscaled) on AMD R9 280x, blur & AA off all else max, might crash if you insist on clearing it alone, no other issues since launch.Issues- upscaling resolution, probably the only issue for me but I don't particularly mind because it allows me to ramp up the settings without performance loss(game still looks beautiful imo)and I have a relatively small monitor(1600x900). I have tried it with borderless gaming, it works great and everything looks crisp and better in true native resolution however framerate did go down 55 on a crowded battle and experienced noticable screen tearing(v-sync doesnt seem to work in window mode), it is possible to run better if settings are lowered.StoryMade my eyes sweat, can't stop thinking of the game after I cleared it. The different playthroughs will give you different perspectives of the story and insights to the character's attitudes and motivations. Doing the side quests will give you a better idea of the whole situation(how goes the fight and how the non main characters feel), plenty of philosophical questions too to fry your neurons. I have never played a lot of story heavy games, I can only think of Witcher 3, which could be the reason why I got blown away by this game. But whatever the case it was an amazing experience, alot of emotions, never had anything like it. I suggest you read the archive entries if you want to make better sense of all the things that are happening, it will really allow you to appreciate the story better.THE ENDI think my system has cleared all that caffeine, so I'll go back to my corner and wait for another amazing fish to swim down the river. Maybe I'll try and clear hard with bare fists while I wait.Thanks to the selfless people who sacrificed their hard work to help out in the [E]nding.Square Enix, the true final boss.Supposed happy ending made me feel sadder than I expected.I hope this game doesn't get overshadowed by other big releases this season.I wish I could erase the memory of playing the game so I could experience the same high.Honestly though I got fished by sexy android bottoms on the trailers, I'm so glad I got a lot more than what I came in for.Futility & Irony.Awesome trip, totally worth it.If you've read all of this reflection paper pretending to be a review, you should just buy the game, seriously, you know you really like it if you read through all of this (ง°ل͜°)ง. I wonder if I can submit this 1000+word 'review' for my midterm paperrealteer:GREAT BACKSIDE COVERAGE, BEAUTIFUL SOUNDTRACK, GREAT DESIGN, GREAT STORY, SOLID COMBAT MECHANICS & ANIMATIONS, AMAZING GAME, ALL OF IT![/b].I will be thinking of this for a long time(ಥ﹏ಥ)[27/3]Possible technical issues(patch incoming):resolution upscaling, white/black screen, crashing, doesn't work well on a toaster.[3/5]DLC is out, unfortunately the resolution still upscales and there seems to be no patch released together with it. Upgraded my toaster and can still run the game without problems (R9 280x > GTX 1080).Other issues:Enemy scaling does not apply to all enemies when trying to replay thru your completed save, some enemies scale while others do not. You'll end up one hitting enemies or get one hitted(if you dont have defense upgrades) yourself on hard difficulty.THANK YOU PLATINUM GAMES AND SQUARE ENIX FOR BRINGING THIS AMAZING GAME TO PC!Updated:27/3/17 Clean up.3/5/17 DLC Release"
,Recommended,524220,30776731,Posted: 27 March,all,Angry Ginger President,Operator 6O a cute/10
,Recommended,524220,34870123,Posted: 10 September,all,Minemoder,"Words alone can not touch the surface of the brilliant story this game has. The game, if rushed, will likely take you a day to complete. If you do some sidequests, it will be closer to 40 hours. The gameplay, while it does require one mod to improve experience, is exceptional. Don't give up on the first mission. Don't give up on the last mission. Don't give up."
,Recommended,524220,30987030,Posted: 6 April,all,Force (EMF),"NieR:Automata is a game about android butts and the fight to protect them.If that doesn't sell the game to you, nothing will."
76561198047483336,Recommended,524220,33878850,Posted: 29 July,all,Cat Shark,"One of amazing game in 2017 in my opinion.The game have amazing sountrack, story and atmosphere.Eventhough you have to get out of your way to mod the PC version so you can play it, i believe it is worth your time and effort doing so.If you are thinking of playing this game, i would suggest you do not read any spoiler material (yes achievement name / picture too)"
76561197998040103,Recommended,524220,35189358,Posted: 24 September,all,SkredderSaks,10/10. Every time i think I think i am figuring this game out it keeps suprising me
,Recommended,524220,30684484,Posted: 23 March,all,「Synoh」,"Not only will you drive a roller coaster full of emotions, you will even drive an actual roller coaster!NieR:Automata aside from some port issues is a stunning JRPG directed by Yoko Taro. A well done story with great plots supported by beautiful soundtracks composed by Keiichi Okabe.I don't want to go deep into the story since it's easy to spoil something. I can just recommend to play this game yourself to gain the best experience out of it. This game is definitly worth it."
,Recommended,524220,30577560,Posted: 17 March,all,lemons,Great game no fps drops or nothing. The only gripe I have for this game is that the cutscenes are capped at 30fps. Somewhat tilting but its whatevs. The combat is solid and game is very difficult on hard difficulty.I would recommend this game if you like hack n slash games. Definitely have a Bayonetta vibe to it.Oh and 2b booty...my godOOOOOOOOOHHHH I forgot to mention...the music for this game...juicy. Trust me
,Recommended,524220,30668259,Posted: 22 March,all,Clockwork,"This game has given me the most profound, emotional experiance of my gaming career. Please play this game at some point in your life.I refuse to go into any details of the story or the characters but please, please play this game.The action is incredible, as is the story. It runs magnificantly and can be a bit on the difficult side at times but it so so, so worth it when all is said and done."
76561197994207456,Recommended,524220,30670467,Posted: 22 March,all,yoshifreak,"You wouldn't expect a game about fighting robots to be throughtful and philosophical, yet Nier:Automata manages it beautifully in a game that's part hack-n-slash, part shmup, and part RPG.Probably one of the best- HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥IT'S 3AM AGAIN I HAVE WORK IN THE MORNING WHAT AM I STILL DOING HERE"
76561197964682429,Recommended,524220,30660326,Posted: 21 March,all,Polebows,Mast[E]rpiece
,Not Recommended,524220,33318563,Posted: 6 July,all,SecondHeartbeat,"The game consistantly freezes 15 to 30 minutes in. This is before you even reach a save point, so I am litteraly unable to make any progress."
76561198000330979,Recommended,524220,31137725,Posted: 14 April,all,White,I dont do many of these but this game is probly the best thing since sliced cheese  clearly game of the year 10/10
76561198008034794,Recommended,524220,31140082,Posted: 14 April,all,Jauffre,Too good 2B true.
76561198103980186,Recommended,524220,32080673,Posted: 31 May,all,FriendZone,"Nice music, fun gameplay, and that dept of story"
76561198082574115,Recommended,524220,32103957,Posted: 1 June,all,⎛⎝Velvet Crowe⎠⎞,Totally amazing game. Its like one of the best JRPG real time action combat games ever. Like for real 10/10 masterpiece. Best music you'll ever hear from any game. Amazing gameplay. Deep crazy anime style story with multiple endings. It will take you multiple playthroughs to see the whole story.They really know how to capture every moment with voice acting and music to match every emotion acted in each scene. This game also looks amazing even if it doesn't seem so at first. It will visually :O you as you progress through this dark souls like world. The sound is quite amazing as well. OMG and the hacking mini games and bullet shooters. LOVE dat retro stuff with such perfect moments going into and out of them. lol Those were really fun to play and didn't make it feel out of place. <^_^>This game has a lot of content to explore even after you get all the major endings. I still have a lot of quests to do and a lot of secrets to find. Don't make this the masterpiece you'll never play. Just buy it! XDPS: I don't know what some people are on about. I never had one issue running this game. It runs like a dream. It must like be only isolated to specific setups. I never had one bug or crash or white screen. Just smooth fast gameplay from beginning to end.
,Recommended,524220,32080270,Posted: 31 May,all,HoL ಠ_ಠ,Existential crisis: The Game10/10
76561198035723554,Recommended,524220,32081458,Posted: 31 May,all,Saint_Mothula,Nier: Automata is the Citizen Kane of video games.
76561198042488225,Recommended,524220,31547742,Posted: 4 May,all,Reshif,"Evangelion meets Dark Souls meets Bullet Hell.An absolute masterpiece of storytelling, and a highly rewarding experience.Easily the best singleplayer game I have ever played."
76561198057062975,Recommended,524220,35185532,Posted: 24 September,all,tjbuckeye,"Note: This is my first time reviewing anything so sorry if it sucks.TL;DR: This is thebestgame I'veeverplayed.Long Version:The gameplay is extremely fun. The ability to choose two weapons to dual wield as well as choosing different chips and POD programs makes combat very personalizable. The game provides a significant amount of challenge during the first ending, though some of this is because of a lack of chips and experience. While the open world can be slightly confusing at first, once you learn your way around it flows extremely well and is a joy to explore. The story is quite good as well. If when you first “beat” the game, the ending doesn’t seem like it's, well, the ending, it’s because it’s not. The game has five major endings and many minor endings that are caused by doing things that would kill the player character or neglect the lives of the people in the resistance camp or the machine lifeforms in Pascal’s machine village. I write this review with endings D and E not yet complete, and this game so far has come with a lot of twists I did not see coming, but at the same time some of the characters have been a little bit under developed. I found a good amount of the side quests to be interesting, and often found myself taking breaks from the main story to complete them. I have never played the other games in the NieR series and you don’t need to in order to understand this game. This game's soundtrack is also definitely my personal favorite from any game I have ever played. I pretty much always listen to it while doing homework or chores, and it really adds to the game. The only gripes that I have with this game is that it clearly wasn’t made to be played on a computer. This isn’t noticeable during exploration in the open world, but during the hacking minigames and the flight unit combat, the omnidirectional aiming is so bad that I usually just use the arrow keys to aim instead, sacrificing a lot of mobility. If you have a PS4 controller then this is easy to fix but it is still annoying for those of us who don’t. While a large amount of people have complained about how the game runs on their systems that are on or above the recommended specs, I haven’t experienced anything of the sort, so I haven’t taken that into account for my review of the game. All in all, this game is a masterpiece that I would reccomend to anyone who's system can run it."
,Recommended,524220,30623670,Posted: 19 March,all,NegNoodles,"Pros:One of the better games I've played in a whileThe whole RPG element + the DMC combat systemThe eyecandyThe OST is amazing - beautiful and extremely fitting for the tone of this game.Aesthetically pleasant. This game is just beautiful, and although it's not on par with most of the AAA modern games, this game is definitely beautiful in it's own unique way and is not graphically demanding either, given that you've at least downloaded the optimization mod FAR.Cons:Minor technical issues, especially for AMD players.30FPS pre-rendered cutscenes. For such a fast-paced action game, 30FPS = choppinessNo 21:9 support for cutscenes. It's either black bars, or the video just becomes strected. This is predictable I guess, since most games happen to be this way, but for a 2017 game, I would imagine that the developers would've placed more consideration into accomodating the fact that 21:9 isn't as rare as it was before.Lack of replayability? I won't say it doesn't have any, but after completing all the achievements and side quests and getting all the +8 chips, pod programs etc, there is actually nothing else to do. This game has a very good story and fun side quests, that's undeniable, but why not implement something that makes this game worth going back to? For example, a bloody palace like mode instead of just a debug mode, or at least allowing players to continue playing even after the game's end without having to manually select chapters.No autosave is one of my least favourite features. I know this is done on purpose, but the developers could've considered making the game more challenging in different ways, rather than removing autosave altogether. At least have it in easier modes maybe?This game is definitely recommended. I love the combat, the visuals, the characters, and the OST.Unfortunately, the game has yet to release an official patch that aims to fix all the glitches and graphical issues many players are experiencing. Furthermore, the lack of 21;9 in cutscenes and the FPS lock at 30 for cutscens and 60 for in game is a bit of a bummer. The game is very well done, and we can definitely see that the developers have placed a lot of time and effort in the game but I do believe that these minor technical features should've been addressed ASAP. It's been almost a month at the time of this review, and people are still asking about whether or not we'll get a patch or not."
,Recommended,524220,35443069,Posted: 3 October,all,Newwyz,"Came for the combat, amazed by the soundtrack, stayed for the story. Deleted my save as it's a part of the game, 10/10 would replay the story again."
76561198050815992,Recommended,524220,30659955,Posted: 21 March,all,The Wall,"Don't stop until you get Ending E, The game changes DRAMATICALLY after the 2nd ending almost acting as a sequel to the short game. Also 2B ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡° )"
76561198065380668,Recommended,524220,30650295,Posted: 21 March,all,Azderian,Comabt and boss fights superb!
76561198311336411,Recommended,524220,31637536,Posted: 8 May,all,Wandal,Worth $40-$50.Multiple story modes each one has you playing as a different character.Fun gameplay too.Cool weapons and upgradesDoesn't explain much on upgrades. Kind of annoying at first.Cool weapons and upgrades.Story kinda confusing. People say you should play the original to understand it...You basically have to figure out everything on your own.
,Recommended,524220,31636442,Posted: 8 May,all,🐢 RAEST! 🐔,"Good combat, good story, great music.This game makes you feel like more and more of a turd the more playthroughs you get through. Really nice when a game can do that.IMO, best experience is on Hard difficulty, unless you just want to breeze through it. You'll actually care about not getting hit on hard and above.All in all, a great game. I don't think it is worth the 80$ it was released at, but I do think it is worth your time."
76561198292997167,Recommended,524220,35449573,Posted: 3 October,all,jp.dasilva.c,"After playing more than 60 hours i can only say that NieR is too short because it's so damn good.The controls are fluid and easy to learn. I recommend using a control, used an old Logitech control without problems.The story is rich and focus not only on the main characters and remembers us that in a war every side has important things to lose.The music is gorgeous and perfectly fits the various moments of the game.Not a single crash or bug on my side. i5-3570, AMD Radeon HD 7950.Really recommend this game, it reminded me of old ps1 games like ffvii and mgs where the major points were a rich story and well developed characters.Worth the money and time.10/10."
,Recommended,524220,35435328,Posted: 2 October,all,Lucina❤,"Where can I start. >>>>>> If you dont want to read this whole thing, Buy the game its worth it.No I dont know where to start with this game.HmmmmmmmmmOkay, ''Nier Automata'' is something special, Like when you completed that Zelda game or something that took you time and just playing the game. First I was hesitant, I was like. You know people said that the game is poorly optimized and that the game is just not playable with all the crashes and its complete gutter trash when I saw reviews at that time. But nah I was like, ''can my Pentium G3258 and a 750Ti work this game?'' well the question is, Yes. Yes it can you can expect a few frame drops but just by playing the game you wouldn't notice *well sometimes things CAN get heavy on the graphics card*. My first run through on the game. 2 crashes IK  IK that can be stupid, my game froze before I could even beat a boss. BUT it was only 2 crashes within the time I played this first run through of the game. Okay enough talk about that, let me tell about the game. you know that feeling when you hear and see beautiful game that your back shivers? yeah I had that A LOT in this game. The OST... what can I say about the OST the OST is ''art'' like a COLD Corona Extra with a Wedge of lime on a HOT Sunny day. and the Gameplay? you know I got to say I have died a lot because I didn't know how to properly use a PS2 controller *har har yes I had KB&M almost my whole life not a PS* but when I got used to it I felt like a madman. Honestly If anyone is reading this I'm suprised you got this far with my shity grammer and my horrific spelling. But Let me tell you. Buy it, no yeah go right now BUY IT you might think its a waste of money. BUT BUY IT IN ANY SHAPE OR FORM EITHER BEING ♥♥♥♥♥ OR STEAM OR GOING TO A BEST BUY AND BUY ATLEAST THE COPY IN THE CONSOLE BECAUSE YOU ARE NEVER going to regret such a beautiful game in your library. :)"
,Recommended,524220,35349735,Posted: 30 September,all,Voiced,"Holy crap this is easily the Game of the Year for me.The Music? Outstanding. Go buy that soundtrack RIGHT NOW!The Story? A rollercoaster of emotion. I seriously teared up and cried at the final ending.The Gameplay? Crisp and responsive, as expected of platinumI cannot reccomend this game any higher. There are some references to Nier, that those unfamiliar with that game will not get, but the story is mostly stand-alone. Go into this as blind as you can, you will not regret it."
76561198330070555,Recommended,524220,35403410,Posted: 1 October,all,Saoth311,"The gameplay keeps you hooked in even from the start, and the story arcs are glorious. Oh, and did I forget the voice acting along with the music just made it hard not to be pleased wither, it be ten minutes or an hour i had to play.Let me just say this now, as a gamer normally try not to write reviews on games, or anything of the like, but throughlyI enjoyed this game enough in order to have to write this."
,Recommended,524220,34559639,Posted: 28 August,all,kenjihasegawa,"Came for the panties, got some awesome philosophycal feels. 10/10"
76561198097869003,Recommended,524220,30642391,Posted: 20 March,all,thebestgusgus,"If you are wondering wther or not to buy this game, do it, the game is extremely fun and interesting through its story and characters, only played through the first story thus far, Hard is extremely difficult, and normal seems too easy, definitely would reccomend to anyone slightly interested. overall (10/10)"
,Recommended,524220,31508901,Posted: 2 May,all,Simply_Epic_Fail,"I'll keep it short:Pretty much the best game I have played since I started playing games. And I've been playing games for I think 15 years or so now. I didn't expect too much, simply bought it because I heard that it's really good and got pretty much everything I could have wished for:Overall Gameplay 10/10Battles 10/10Story 10/10Characters and Character Development 10/10Soundtrack 10/10Overall 12/10I normaly don't really play games to 100% (all Achievments, everything ingame, etc.) but for NieR: Automata I'am aiming for the 100% at everything, just because of reasons.There are only two not-so-great things in my opinion:1.) Without a controller you can't open the debug menu after finishing the game, because you're missing a button you only have on the controller (it's sth like a sandbox mode I guess, but this should get fixed in the future)2.) Most enemies have a level cap, so you won't find too much challenges (besides one or another secret Boss) after hitting a really high level (so there isn't too much to do after everything is done, but you can always start a new game I guess ¯\_(ツ)_/¯).Levels would not have been really necessary at all to be honest, since Weapons, Pods, Upgrades and Plugins could already be enough progress, but it's not too bad either, leveling up in any game is kinda good feeling. Neutral here.We'll see what the DLC today brings, looking forward to it!tl;dr: 12/10, in my opinion absolutely worth the 60 bucks."
,Recommended,524220,35430961,Posted: 2 October,all,Koop,holy♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,524220,34873077,Posted: 10 September,all,ExpertNoob123,"I don't understand why people think this is a bad port, I mean, like, FAR mod is just 1.11MB, Jesus...Pros:- GT730 can handle it- Didn't fry my motherboard- Break my 1-day recommended game time (8hrs)- Ultra setting and low setting has no difference (I mean they're GORGEOUS)- Self Destruct for beautiful fan-service..etcCons:- I've blown my life's saving"
,Recommended,524220,30732840,Posted: 25 March,all,waooow,"I laughed, I cried, I came.What a ride."
,Recommended,524220,30577754,Posted: 17 March,all,Kat,"Probably bit early to write a review, but a few things that I really like about this game is the music in it, the entire soundtrack is really well made, I like the game a lot in general, the only downpoint of it is how the camera is controlled imo.And I'm also a big fan of the graphics in it.Another thing, keep potions at all times, AS MANY AS POSSIBLE. Don't enter a bossfight while being low, try to keep 20+ medium sized atleast at all times.8,5/10 because of the cameraHighly recommended game nonetheless"
76561198316859219,Recommended,524220,32564903,Posted: 19 June,all,Prince Noctis,"If history forgets this game then ♥♥♥♥ history, this game is a masterpiece my goty 2017The game has a lot to offer, side quests have a lot of meaning and feelsThis game must be played by everyone, instead of spending money on crappy games and crying about it, go on and buy this one I am sure it will not disappoint you in any wayA masterpiece indeed.."
,Recommended,524220,30614512,Posted: 19 March,all,sweet🍀dill,Fantastic design and music.Game runs fine on both Nvidia GTX 970 and 1060 at stable 1080@60
76561197989535096,Recommended,524220,31195717,Posted: 17 April,all,sgtwhiskeyjack,2B or not 2B.
,Recommended,524220,32029057,Posted: 28 May,all,𝐕𝖊𝖓𝖙𝖚𝖘,"PROS:- you will thumbs up when u play 60hrs or more.- you will thumbs up when u clearing all ending, esp for Y ending.- you will thumbs up when u notice the true meaning about the story lineCONS:- you will thumbs down when u play less than 5hrs.- you will thumbs down when u only clearing A ending"
,Recommended,524220,30637022,Posted: 20 March,all,Alcoholicorn,Proposal: Use Controller + (Borderless Gaming and Don't Use Anti-Aliasing (IT'S SECRETLY MSAA))
,Recommended,524220,32988846,Posted: 29 June,all,darthaegis,"TL DR: NieR: Automata is one of the most unique and amazing games I've played. The world might not be the most interesting to explore, and combat is a bit lackluster half of the game, but goddamn, the narrative is superb and manages to tug at your heartstings at some times, and surprise you throughout.Automata is a very strange game. The camera may switch from full-3d to side-scrolling to top-down at any time, and the combat works well in any of those modes. You may play as 3 androids depending on where you are in the story: 2B, 9S and A2, and in a flight unit as well. The flight unit sections are shmup gameplay, and playing as the characters themselves works like an Action RPG. This combat being designed by Platinum Games, you get fast-paced superbly-animated action, though 9S, a scout android, is not so much designed for combat as for hacking, and hacking is usually a short shmup game which you have to complete 1-2 times per enemy to defeat them. 2B (the first character you play as) is full-on action with both close combat, where she can use one of two sets of two weapons at a time, and ranged combat with the Pod, a small hovering machine, which can shoot bullets, lasers or missiles and also has special abilities with cooldowns. Finally, A2 is pretty much 2B but with a full-on agressive playstyle: she can taunt an enemy to give both increased damage, and where 2B and 9S can make themselves explode mostly to reveal their underwear (heh), A2 goes into berserk mode, making her health go down automatically, but also increasing her damage output (and yes, it also makes her outfit more skimpy). With the right chips I managed to melt a few bosses with A2. Chips are mostly stat upgrades (though some are more interesting like having Bayonetta's Witch Time) which you can mix and match as you like, and since your HUD is also made of chips you can remove parts of your HUD to make room for other stuff.The premise of the game is that it's 11944 and humanity has escaped to the moon after aliens and their machines invaded Earth, and there's an android organization trying to defeat the aliens so humanity can return to Earth. To do this you explore  interconnected parts of a post-apocalyptic Earth. There are 3 areas that I could consider ""open"", and then a few smaller and more linear areas throughout the world. Exploration isn't the best but it isn't too much of a hassle either: All androids have high mobility, with double jumps, dashes and fast running, and about 1/5 through the game you get fast travel. There are side quests and even though a lot of them are a bit MMO-ish, I found that often, the narrative reward for these makes it worthwhile, and sometimes it gives more context to later revelations in the main story. Most supporting characters are basic representations of an aspect or stereotype of humanity (a rebellious child and an overprotective mother, for example), and this makes them have a sort of cute charm. If this sounds strange to you, it's because I'm really trying to avoid spoilers. Another payoff to exploration is the soundtrack. It's really beautiful, not focusing 100% on orchestra but also having some more tribal sounding stuff and great vocals.The main appeal of the game, however, is the story. I'd recommend playing or watching a recap of the original NieR before playing Automata as there are some returning characters. The story is told through very different means: mostly by cinematics and in-gameplay dialogue, but there's also a few text-only sections that gave me massive feels. Also, the hacking minigame doesn't have the sole purpose of defeating enemies in combat, it also provides a means for characters to be explored further (since as they're androids, they can be hacked and their ""minds"" explored.) The game also has a few metagame moments which are very well-done and suprising. This is a game that explores the nature of humanity and the nature of games, of what it is to think and be aware of oneself, through both its main story and sidequests, and it does this superbly. It also ends multiple times.Automata has a total of 26 endings, 21 of which are joke endings where the credits roll at superspeed, and the remaining 5 being legit. After Ending A, you get to replay the game up to that point with 9S, and afterwards you get new content. Ending A makes you feel like there's a lot of stuff missing, and a lot of it is explained afterwards. And as you get to the last 3 endings, the game really starts to reveal what is going on under the surface of, well, everything, growing into two spectacular conclusions in Endings C and D, and going beyond the game's story itself in Ending E. All I'll say about Ending E is that it's the most satisfying and unique conclusion I've ever had to a game.NieR: Automata is fun, engaging, smart, and surprising. It manages to pull off both charming and cute moments and serious and sad revelations, while commenting on the nature of man and game. It's amazing."
76561197998189052,Recommended,524220,32888918,Posted: 27 June,all,ThatDude,"Probably the best game I have had the opportunity to play in a LONG time. Most certanly the best coming from Japan since the glorious and nostalgic era of the PS2.A veritable masterpiece that deserve every single penny I invested in it.Purely in the line, but slighly lighter in tone, of previous Taro Yoko titles (and that's saying something about said previous games), with the great difference that the gameplay was made by competent people this time around. Soundtrack is just fabulous.Overall an incredible experience."
,Recommended,524220,30693524,Posted: 23 March,all,Soapy Cat,"[Incredible expirience]Pennsylvania(Soapy Cat)""Sometimes you forget what it means to live. But...suffering makes peoples stronger""RussiaLiam(Block Communications)""You and I are the same. In the end, effort will be rewarded.""CanadaTripleL(TripleL)""I've walked the same road as you. Actually, keep going!""Spainmist(mitiyanagi)""You'll die many times before it's over. But even so, never surrender!""JapanLongzac(Longzac)""Sometimes you just feel trapped. On the other hand, you've got us with you.""Argentina"
,Recommended,524220,30604847,Posted: 18 March,all,zarniko,Its great!! Not sure why some people are complaining about it. If it runs bad its probabably your computer not the game.
76561198022775805,Recommended,524220,30621410,Posted: 19 March,all,ConMoff,NieR:Automata is the type of game where once you complete you a left with a hole in your chest that feels like something in you is missing and needs to be filled. But you do not want to fill that hole becuase it's existance is evidence that you have experienced it.It is very beautiful and amazing experience to play.
,Recommended,524220,31631166,Posted: 8 May,all,[MGSFC] darkredninja,"It's a fantastic game, just the PC port is lacking a bit. If you install the FAR(Fix Automata Resolution) it will help your experience a ton. But the fact that it's been out for months and the community had to fix it is unacceptable. After I installed it and tweaked it with the FAR mod tool in game, it ran at a smooth 60fps @ 1080p with everything maxed out!"
76561198014146089,Recommended,524220,30604862,Posted: 18 March,all,One Swood Guy,The best way to describe this game is Ghost in the Shell meets Dark Souls. This is easily one of the most unique and dynamic games I have ever played. pick up a copy of this game.
,Recommended,524220,30604954,Posted: 18 March,all,Huge Jacked Man,"SUMMARY: The combat, the atmosphere, the music and the story are some of the best of the last few years. The bad is mostly outdated graphics and some ""budget"" design choices.GOOD:- Top animations for in and out of combat movement.- Good timing in combat is satisfying and rewarding. Also super responsive.- Hotswap weapon sets and drone setups. Also multiple character upgrade setups so you don't have to rearrange every time.- Chip upgrade system is interesting, minmaxing the character is great.- Some exetremely creepy and thought provoking quests.- Nice blend of humour and despair.- Great enemy variety. Also the stuff they say in combat can range from lol to fml moments.- Amazing atmosphere with some breathtaking level design.- The gameplay variety from sidescrolling to top down shooter, it's good fun and is done very well. The controls are very intuitive in these segments.- Fun bosses, they get challenging and are literally insane :D- Soundtrack is top of it's kiind and always builds the right atmosphere.- At 3440 x 1440 res on full settings I get stable 60fps, not many recent games can claim they'll achieve that.I have more but I'll throw this in: You can mount the animals and ram enemies with them!THE BAD:- Cutscenes are horrid, if your res is bigger than 1080p, enjoy the pixel art!- Voice acting can get a bit cringy at times, in both English and Japanese, there is some bad timing/pacing, everythign is just delivered like a punchline.- Game looks like it's at least 4 years old already, no visual feast here. Sure the design is good but that's preety much it.- Can't change sound settings in main menu so full blast music every time you launch.- 80% of the crap you collect is junk but you have to keep it just in case. :|- Weird difficulty jumps, e.g. you get a side quest with level 34 enemies before you even unlock an area where enemies hang around level 25.- There are too many invisible walls, too many places look liek you could go there but apparently you can't.- You'll end up accidently talkign to your sidekick when trying to open chests/pickup items. THIS HAPPENS TOO MANY TIMES."
,Recommended,524220,30604970,Posted: 18 March,all,Dongurd,"Not a spectacle fighter but an immersive RPG!I was expecting a spiritual successor to Devil May Cry or Bayonetta. The combat in Nier Automata is simpler comared to those games but is still quite enjoyable. I think the combat balance is a bit off. The game seems too hard sometimes but after I found a particular healing upgarde it became almost too easy.However, combat is not the whole game. It is actually a complete RPG with main and side quests. The story and side quests are quite intersting so for. I also enjoy the character upgarde system quite a lot. Leveling up simply increases base stats. The main upgardes come in the form of plug-in chips. These chips grant special powers and perks. You can combing same types of chips to raise their level. An iteresting aspect of stats managements is the chip power cost. You have to select the best combination of chips for a particular situation. Oh, and if you die, the chips installed into your previous body are left behind (a-la bloodstains from Dark Souls).The game has some technical issues. In my case the resultion in fullscreen mode is clearly lower than the resolution I selected. So, I play in the windowed mode. Don't really care about that, because the game is too good :) But hopefully it will be patched soon."
,Recommended,524220,30574918,Posted: 17 March,all,Nasthesy,"Ultra bad port but easily game of the year.I was so hyped for this and not disapointed, if you don't already own it or plan to we probably don't have a lot in common .One of my top fav of all time."
,Recommended,524220,31205759,Posted: 17 April,all,Lewd Pink,"came for 𝒂𝒔𝒔, stayed for 𝒇𝒆𝒆𝒍𝒔"
76561198098539633,Recommended,524220,30922357,Posted: 3 April,all,berdandy,Come for the♥♥♥♥♥-- stay for the feels.
,Recommended,524220,30649806,Posted: 21 March,all,Je t'aimé,Made me cry.Who knew you could get so emotionally attached to machines?! ++
,Recommended,524220,30767192,Posted: 26 March,all,Mr.Grumpy,"If a game makes me cry the way this game did, I generally consider it a msterpiece."
,Recommended,524220,30575836,Posted: 17 March,all,Ahnak,"Flawless performance so far on an AMD card. Game plays very well using an Xbox One controller as well.edit: months later, this is still flat out the best game I've ever played. ever."
,Recommended,524220,30645886,Posted: 20 March,all,ツンツン,i love this game more than i love my own life
76561198099060967,Recommended,524220,34750672,Posted: 4 September,all,lmaonade200,The payoff was worth the technical issues
,Recommended,524220,32282227,Posted: 8 June,all,excessive umlauts,"I am both an avid taro yoko and a platinum fan; and i seriously believe this might be one of the best games in a decade. It's definitely the best of both minds collaborating on a existential masterpiece that really shines in EVERY aspect. The soundtrack, the game design, the narrative. It's honestly a 10/10."
,Recommended,524220,30591974,Posted: 18 March,all,Edsel D Ace,so i started on hard..first 40 minutes: Space Invaders-after that 20 minutes dodgeballand then i played whac a mole with a giant robot arm.. i was the mole btw.but yeah after that the story starts and its pretty good tho.
76561198048752516,Recommended,524220,30623892,Posted: 19 March,all,CMDR Asriel,"Man i have fallen in love with this game. I made it through a single playthrough at leisure on normal mode. I used a ps4 controller and a program called input mapper (Hint: If you dont have an xbox controller but you do have a ps4 controller give input mapper a shot) to play. It took a bit of getting used to but i can now keep my pod firing and be able to dodge and still do a vareity of attacks. Im now on my second playthrough, and it looks as if it only gets better from there. It seems youll need to play through the game a few times to fully understand. I had one issue and that is the game crashed for seemingly no reason after i got through the first part of the game. I had already saved and therefore only lost a few minutes of progress.Im running an i5GTX 1060 with 6 gbs of vramand 16 gbs of ddr4 ramRunning at 60 fps even in intense combat.PS: Hacking made easy if youve played anything like binding of isaac"
,Recommended,524220,30634625,Posted: 20 March,all,Love is not Heaven,Best game I ever played.  Emotion story.But I need a better laptop. 920M is not enough for this game. Wonderful game though. Worth the price.
,Recommended,524220,30634926,Posted: 20 March,all,ｐａｔｃｈｉｎｇ,"The Games amazing, i couldnt move from my chair for 20 hours,, and then i found out that there are 3 different playthroughts . totally recommend it . you can go from Riding animals to petting your robot, no doubt best release 2017."
,Recommended,524220,30692326,Posted: 23 March,all,Eixo,It's p good.
,Recommended,524220,30617881,Posted: 19 March,all,Schwartz,Choppy cutscenes are the only problem I've encountered.
,Recommended,524220,30626619,Posted: 19 March,all,shomk,"The ""What are you doing"" achievement is not easy to get, but well worth it! : ^ )"
,Recommended,524220,31151170,Posted: 15 April,all,💮Windrunner 🎶💜,"""It's like I just found something special... Something very special""From Dragons to disease to machines, Yoko Taro impresses with another masterpieceTo those of you who helped the rest of us in our journey to finish the game at the end, Thank you!10/10I encourage anyone who liked the soundtrack to listen to some of the tracks from the first Nier, both equally amazingAshes of Dream from the first Nier"
,Recommended,524220,30660701,Posted: 21 March,all,Kraken Loli,Good game but the cutscenes play like♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,524220,30880522,Posted: 1 April,all,jacob,pascal sounds like a girl
,Recommended,524220,30677416,Posted: 22 March,all,Blaze4rah,amazing game damnomg the fighting style is nice
,Recommended,524220,34719474,Posted: 3 September,all,Miles,Best game in 2017.In all aspects.
76561198048441755,Recommended,524220,30655756,Posted: 21 March,all,Rin,"I am amazed and positively stunned by the game (I have never played or even heard of the other Nier-games before). It looks great, the characters are fantastic and the world is perfectly sculpted to give you the exact feel you need to get drawn into the story. It is not just some open world to explore, it is a world where every step makes you feel that whatever war you think you are fighting there is ultimatively futile and not worth going for. And yet the nature and growth everywhere makes it clear that no matter what happens, life will go on and that there is always a future.I love it.I even accept combat high heels and goth dresses even when I usually would always go for practical outfits. But in this case it fits and it is not only the protagonist wearing it but actually every member of this wonderful goth army.And then there is the soundtrack. It is fantastic and creates a good background to what is going on on the screen.A solid 10/10 from me and possibly one of the games I will remember and come back to for many years to come.But the best thing ... it still plays fluidly on my three years old lappy. It is a great lappy still, but there is no denying that three years is old when it comes to computers."
,Recommended,524220,32850543,Posted: 27 June,all,◀☛Kuchiki🎮Steven♣❀,Nice gameplay ! beautiful graphic ! nice story
76561198038121600,Recommended,524220,30597313,Posted: 18 March,all,ShadeToD,-good music-nice gameplay-epic story
,Recommended,524220,31552155,Posted: 4 May,all,Arty,"Pros+ Beautiful soundtrack+ Crisp, fluid, and very satisfying combat+ Decent weapon variety and customization system+ Gorgeous, detailed environments+ Interesting and emotionally gripping story+ Tons of secrets and easter eggs to exploreCons- Poor performance on some PCs (Borderless Gaming required for proper resolution)- Requires controller for best experienceI 100% completed this game in ~55 hours, and I can say this was one of the best action RPGs I've ever played... A true masterpiece!"
,Recommended,524220,34830264,Posted: 8 September,all,🎃Nyarlathotep🎃,Im finding it to be pretty fun
76561198192626621,Recommended,524220,31575504,Posted: 6 May,all,Jetstreamtom93,"Just two words, freaking amazing.The soundtrack, gameplay, story every thing in just amazing."
,Recommended,524220,30647673,Posted: 21 March,all,reptile,"Possibly one of my favourite games. Amazing story, interesting characters, great soundtrack, intense combat, is there more to ask for?"
,Recommended,524220,33348762,Posted: 7 July,all,Katch A Taco,"I first gained interest in this game when I heard about the inclusion of the Denuvo DRM in the game, then later, even more, when the game was cracked. I pirated it out of spite at first, and I didn't expect that much.I have since bought the game and its soundtrack. I plan to buy the artbook and strategy guide, even though I do not speak Japanese. This game is one of 2 games that have moved me to tears, and the only one to do it repeatedly. It has the most beautiful and epic soundtrack you'll ever hear in your life, with great gameplay and the most compelling story I've ever experienced. Every element of this game comes together to form possibly the best game I have, or will ever play.I couldn't possibly describe this game and the way it made me feel. I'm still soaking it in, and I think it'll be years before I can really understand. This will stand as one of the best classic games of all time - or so I hope."
,Recommended,524220,32921664,Posted: 28 June,all,The Frisky Chihuahua,"This is, without a doubt, the greatest gaming experience I have ever had. Yoko Taro and his team created something that truly captures why video games exists as a medium. You owe it to yourself to play this game. The gameplay is superb, which is no surprise coming from Platinum. However, the soundtrack is what truly shines in this game. Throughout the 5 main endings, it's the music that constantly envelops you in various emotions. NieR:Automata deserves a 10/10. No other game has delivered in all areas like this one. There is not a single flaw with this game. Play it before you die."
,Recommended,524220,33159567,Posted: 2 July,all,Sideout,"An amazing game, the soundtrack and storyline a pure masterpiece."
76561198154400278,Recommended,524220,33210449,Posted: 3 July,all,hebbs ♠,I have to put my resolution at 800 x 600 AT MOST in game to be able to have around 45-60 fps.Still worth.
,Recommended,524220,34202800,Posted: 12 August,all,Danork,"This is one of the best games I have ever played.While it cartainly has it flaws, the port itself being probably the biggest one (I recommend installing FAR, fixes all of these issues) it offers an incredible story line with likable (and sometimes weird) characters all the while exploring the themes of exestentialism and what it means to be human.The gameplay itself is engaging and depending on your difficulty setting also fairly challenging and manages to make the additional game loops(?) feel like part of the greater thing instead of gimmicky as often seen in other games when such a thing is implemented.I personally think it is also noteworthy that the experience this game provides is exclusive to the medium of games, it could not have been conveyed in say a book or a movie without losing some of it's impact and spirit.After seeing the game through to its [E]nd (;P), I strongly recommend picking it up and doing the same."
,Recommended,524220,32405720,Posted: 14 June,all,Enforce,There are no words to describe how amazing Nier:Automata is.You MUST play first NieR to truley connect emotionally with the game.
76561198151578459,Recommended,524220,32665735,Posted: 22 June,all,Loli Slayer,"This game is pretty ♥♥♥♥ing fun. Just got it, would have been willing to pay the full $60 but the summer sale is just too damn convienent. You character 2B, is so ♥♥♥♥ing waifu. Guess who already has the achievement for looking up your character's skirt 10 times? No need, I did. I don't even know what's happening. Wearing blindfolds for no reason is pretty cool I guess. This game can appease my edgyness. I have a collection of swords I got from the mall."
76561198099342428,Recommended,524220,33294692,Posted: 5 July,all,RudiXXX,"There are only 4 games( 3 of them are from one franchise) I won't dare to replay for the second time, simply, because they where soooo good that I just don't wan't to ruin my memories about them and the feelings I had when I first played them.Nier: Automata was one of those games.Yes, the port was bad but when you get the game working...ohhh boy what a ride that was. Soundtrack plays one of biggest trumpcards here. It was so good that it was first game soundtrack I bought in my entire life.Proposal: Player should try this game and if something doesn't work how it should then he should try modding game with FAR mod.*End of transmission."
76561198050141160,Recommended,524220,33341646,Posted: 7 July,all,Cristox,"Review in short = MasterpieceFew more words...Beside the technical issues many people are reporting, this game is a jewel. Surpricingly i haven't seen many reviews comparing this game to Final Fantasy franchise. It's not a FF game, but manages to create the same kind of feeling i got from my first FF experiences long time ago and that's really something special.Combat is fluid and mostly enjoyable (There are moments of suffer too...), it gives you nice amount of freedom and quite wide learning curve, mostly because with harder difficulties the autotargeting is not possible and efficient combat android does focused ranged attacking same time with melee combat.It's hard to talk about the game without spoiling anything, because big part of the charm comes from experiencing the game without knowing too much about it, but one thing i think needs to be said is, DON'T quit when you see the ending credits first or even second time. It's far from being over. Just save and keep playing.Soundtrack deserves a special mention. It's beautiful, touching, heartpumping, even weird at times, but god how well it works through the game.Just buy this game. The developer gave a lot of love to every bit of it, you will too. Refund if technical issues strike you.Focus on the story, it can get bit complex at times and dropping out will affect your experience, don't rush and enjoy your mackerel to become a god :)"
,Recommended,524220,34983993,Posted: 15 September,all,Ki11s0n3,Great game. Bad optimisation. I am only recommending this game because of the fantastic story and hope that one day Square will actually patch the game.
,Recommended,524220,33442465,Posted: 10 July,all,rsos,"Im going to preface this review by saying that words cannot possibly do NieR: Automata justice, but im going to try to tell you how much of a masterpiece this game is, and how it made me feel anyway.Every element of this game melds together to create a damn near flawless experience.  Everything falls into place so seamlessly.  The meticulous attention to detail is evident in the characters, the combat system, the environment, the story etc.The gameplay is so diverse.  The game frequently switches from an open world 3D hack and slash to a 2D sidescroller, a top down style, and an 80's style arcade bullet hell.  The hack and slash gameplay is the real star, however, with its lenience in terms of how you want to take the enemies down.  This is due to the many different combinations of enemies the game throuws at you, the several different weapons you can use, and the chips you can customize to suit your playstyle.  The boss fights, especially, feel intimidating, urgent, scary even, and are always challenging, not brainlessly easy, nor rage-inducingly hard.  Be it dodging and running around and using well-placed counterattacks, running in gung-ho into a group of enemies and spamming evade and light attacks, hell, even button mashing, every form and style of combat feels so exciting and intense.The reuse of several parts of the in-game world/environment make you feel a form of attachment to them.  Instead of a stale linear progression through areas you will most likely never see again, you develop a familiarity towards the areas you go through.  As they change, crumble, or reveal other parts of the environment as a consequence of the story, they make you feel as if the events are actually unfolding around you with an intensity and urgency I have never seen before in a video game.The game touches on many deep themes, like life and death, free will, love, loss, betrayal, good vs bad, identity, purpose, existentialism, sentience, etc.  Each of these themes blend so perfectly with the masterfully written and designed story and characters, and they pop out at you while playing and almost force you to think about them.  ""Who is the real villain here?""  These serve to strengthen the plot of the game.The soundtrack is one of the strongest points of this game.  In my opinion, there is not a single weak track on this game's OST.  Each track is placed perfectly, doing wonders to enhance the atmosphere, allowing for a more immersive experience.The characters feel so real, human and bright, each with their own quirks.  The English voice actors, especially 9S', create a dynamic and real feeling.  Their moods change in response to the events happening in the story; instead of being stale, distant protagonists in a superhero film, they feel close, and their emotions feel genuine.  You can't help but feel attached to them as you progress.  You can't help but feel as they do, even if it is just a fictitious video game.And finally, the plot.  The strongest point of NieR: Automata.  It blends flawlessly with every element of the game, but most of all, the authentic and real characters to create a fantastic story and atmosphere you immediately feel an extremely strong connection to.  NieR: Automata's story is so beautifully crafted and perfectly put together, that even if you feel the gameplay is boring and repetitive, you feel the need to continue, to progress, to learn more.  As the story unfolded, as truths were uncovered and lies exposed, I felt shock, anger, sadness, relief, etc. just as 2B, 9S and A2 did.  With every character death, I felt more and more hopeless.  When the characters pushed through despite the pointlessness of the situation, despite the bleak future, it reignited some of that hope within me.  While playing, I did not find any plot holes, because in actuality, each part of the plot raised questions that I desperately wanted the answer to while answering others in a way that surprised and evoked emotion within me every time.  The story progresses as fast as you want it to, giving you the freedom to explore the world, to do various sidequests that reveal small details and backstories that further explain other major details, plot points, and character motives.  No sidequest feels tedious or boring.  There are 26 total endings for this game, 5 of them being canon.  These 5 endings provide perfect conclusions to the buildup of the story, and make you feel so intensely and vividly when looking back.  They make you feel as if you played a part in completing the story, as if you were in the world.My only (very minor) complaint with this game is the hacking.  There is an excessive amount of it at times, and some of the minigames can be annoying.Yoko Taro is a ♥♥♥♥ing genius.  This game had me ♥♥♥♥ed up for a week.  NieR: Automata is one of the very few games that has made me feel such an intense rollercoaster of emotions.Is it a stretch to say that i will remember this game for the rest of my life?  Sure, and it's also corny as ♥♥♥♥.  To be honest, I feel like a huge chunk of this review is corny as ♥♥♥♥.  But that is honestly how I feel right now.  This game gave me the worst case of post-game depression I have ever had in my life.This game is breathtaking.  Sure, it has its shortcomings, but the sheer brilliance and quality of this game just eclipse them.Beats out MGS: Peacewalker for the best game I have ever played.  10/10."
76561198078755289,Recommended,524220,33157765,Posted: 2 July,all,Dozian,"Just an awesome ost which is already a sufficient reason to buy this game. Even if the graphics are not the best one, the feelings that the player can have by playing it ar great,i really recommend this game !"
76561198086276820,Recommended,524220,33206199,Posted: 3 July,all,thiccboi,"By playing this game you aren't doing a favor to the developers, but to yourself.Great, long and emotional story, pleasant gameplay, epic battles (so great you need good hardware to process all the stuff coming at you) and AWESOME soundtrack. Damn, these Japanese guys know how to make games."
76561198069154419,Recommended,524220,33302114,Posted: 5 July,all,Nickpolean,Some people say video games aren't art. These people have never played Nier:Automata.
,Recommended,524220,34262382,Posted: 15 August,all,HentaiLord,ANIME BOOTY
,Recommended,524220,32929393,Posted: 28 June,all,没有女朋友,"No matter how much I love this game as it is, I can't stand aside and say its PC port is alright. This game is amazing but Square Enix's support of it is just dissapointing, where we PC players need to rely on a community made Mod just to fix simple issues like resolution upscaling and to have option to adjust lighting (not to mention the unannounced price hike here in Asia).I'll give the game a 9/10 but if you're thinking on buying it on PC you should think twice before purchasing it."
,Recommended,524220,33208820,Posted: 3 July,all,Airen,Unforgettable story with a god-tier soundtrack.  Totally worth going through the hassle to make the game run well on my PC.Gameplay itself could be better and the PC glitches are unfortunate. If you can get it to run I recommend you play without spoiling yourself any of the story.Game only crashed on me twice. Both within the first few hours of gameplay.  Download the FAR mod and you should be set.
,Recommended,524220,33234318,Posted: 4 July,all,Ekenwars,"NieR:Automata is a post-apocalyptic, open-world, hack-and-slash game. It's very enjoyable and very atmospheric with some grinding mechanics. There are some minor technical problems but that will not change the fact that NieR is a beautiful game.Pros:- Mesmerizing music and OST- Simple yet challenging combat mechanics- Beautiful landscape and world- Deep, well written story and plot- Multiple endings(26 of them, if you include bad endings)- T H I C CCons:- 30 fps pre-rendered cutscenes (don't blend in with 60 fps gameplay)- Occasional frame drops and crashes (for some people. In my case, the game only crashed once after I finished the first boss)- Resolution and graphic bugs still unpatched officially- Angle-switching mechanics (switches between third person/sidescrolling/bird's-eye view mid-combat)- Endings require repeating the whole game, making it repetitive.Some endings, however, do change main 'arcs' and characters)- Invisible walls in open-world reduces immersion of worldOverall, NieR is a unique game that is both fun and beautiful. I'm not a very diligent person when it comes to games; I usually forget about it within a few days or give up playing. But NieR Automata is one of the few games that made me play for 6 hours straight in one sitting, and always hoping for more. The soundtrack alone is enough for me to start playing. Get this game fast while it's on a sale.I haven't tried the DLC and I don't plan to buy it because I found it unnecessary and overpriced, but it depends on your preference.Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,524220,33654028,Posted: 19 July,all,equasezy,"NieR: Automata is the Masterpiece You (Probably) Won't Play, quoting that sentence from @Skill Up,Firstly, this game is not for everyone. NieR: Automata is an action game blended with RPG elements with amazing story and soundtrack. The reason I'm saying this game is not for everyone is you have to beat the game twice in order to get to the ending(s). Most of the people ( %50 of them ) who bought the game, dropped after the first ending. Which is not ending at all since game continues to the story. When people think they finished the game they only reach ""Route A"" which is the first ending. After you play the game as 9S again and play the ""same"" story from 9S' point of view, you will reach ""Route B"". After finishing game twice you will only see the 1/3 of the story. So continue playing the game.NieR: Automata's soundtrack is one of the best soundtrack you can hear in a game. And style of the soundtracks and the world's perfectly completes each other. From epic boss battle songs to relaxing exploration music. This game also tells a story with the music itself.Like every game, Nier also has some cons. Platinum Games and Square Enix seems like doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥ about PC gamers. So we get a bad console port with a lot of crashes combined with no patches for 4 months. From ""white screen of death"" to unplayable frame drops or slow frames, the game was almost impossible to play. Thanks to Kaldaien, he made the FAR (Fix Automata Resolution) mod and made the game playable.Overall this game is solid 9/10. Thanks to the Yoko Taro and the developer team you sadist ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s lol."
76561198062065497,Not Recommended,524220,31659988,Posted: 9 May,all,TylerGM2,This game is phenomenal however the PC port is garbage
,Recommended,524220,31593951,Posted: 6 May,all,Mizstik,All the thoughtful reviews have already been written so I'm just gonna say this ...I cried.Thank you.
,Recommended,524220,30718451,Posted: 24 March,all,Willy Merry,Do you believe in connecting the entire world with love ?
,Recommended,524220,31614176,Posted: 7 May,all,bdlance,A thought provoking and emotional journey facilitated with smooth and combat that feels great. Best game of 2017 so far.
,Recommended,524220,34025415,Posted: 4 August,all,6G.va the Whipped,damn androidsare hotas ♥♥♥♥send halp
,Recommended,524220,31048201,Posted: 9 April,all,Jayzen,"This is easily, at this point in time, the greatest game I've ever played.  The way it weaves it's gameplay, story, music, and, even you, as the player, together into one solid experience still has me in awe.  Get all five of the main endings.  It's worth it."
,Recommended,524220,35166700,Posted: 23 September,all,Serious Table,"I cannot recommend this enough. The gameplay elements and the story are absolutely fantastic and very tightly done. Its overall message is important and impactful, and is a must play."
,Recommended,524220,35097767,Posted: 20 September,all,thirteen,"This is not a video game. This is art. A masterpiece. Admittedly a big messy port of a masterpiece, but there are user made mods/patches that greatly alleviate the problems so at least I can recommend this game when it's at a discount."
,Not Recommended,524220,33316718,Posted: 6 July,all,Liam,Runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ not optimized for PC and covered in bugs to the point that you have to rely on 3rd party modders to fix as there has still been no patches since release. Pathetic.
,Recommended,524220,35133764,Posted: 22 September,all,Vault Dweller,"Great game, horrible port. just install FAR mod and it will run smooth as butter"
,Recommended,524220,35142102,Posted: 22 September,all,Legolastom,"[I bet you're having a tough time right now.][If that's the case,][I want to help you.]"
76561198139633780,Not Recommended,524220,35191590,Posted: 24 September,all,Academy Rage of Asia-n,"fix performance issue,when i paid dlc,and get nothing"
,Not Recommended,524220,33317764,Posted: 6 July,all,Morgz,Ive had so many problems with this game it looks beautiful and plays nicely but the white screening and freezing is not right for a game that cost £27.99 ON SALE!! maybe it be fixed but I'm sorry I couldnt recommend this to anyone.
,Recommended,524220,34553070,Posted: 28 August,all,FunnY,"Despite the PC port of the game turned out to be mediocre due to the game not running in perfect frames, it took me hours to configure the Nvidia setting from my laptop of course.Having the Steam version of this game that came out on my birthday marks a milestone that was worth my value of it despite full price within preorder.Despite its fanservice, the game is beautiful at its finest and deserves a medal for one of my most favorite games I've played so far. Has a decent story follow by development on characters that gradually increases making its worth. Gameplay is very fluent when engaging in combat and the soundtrack gives off a breathtaking view within the individual's soul. Everyone shall experience the game themselves and never let themselves spoiled in any way.Might try the DLC one day and hoping for the 1st Nier game to might be PC ported. Either way, thank you!"
76561198085112002,Recommended,524220,34785653,Posted: 6 September,all,FlexAble,"I've played alot of games, and this is most likely the best single player game i've ever played."
76561198047025378,Recommended,524220,34794327,Posted: 7 September,all,Divine Raiden,"Despite its problems I decided to buy it.Apart from the resolution bug that's still not fixed and some performance issues,the game is beautiful.Very nice combat system,beautiful story till now and amazing soundtrack.The graphics are not THAT good considering we are in 2017 but that's okay.This game is quite difficult at higher difficulties and only experienced players can keep up with it.Also there's a resolution fix by a modder and performance issues can be resolved by nvidia control panel tweaks(if you are an nvidia user).I wouldn't reccomend buying at full price though since it's not properly patched and you have to spend time fixing the issues mentioned above."
,Not Recommended,524220,34913214,Posted: 12 September,all,Bobby Hill <3,An amazing game suffering from bad developers. My game wont even play for more than 5-20 minutes without crashing.
,Recommended,524220,35035929,Posted: 17 September,all,Izalith,"Great game..  A masterpiece.A story that brain♥♥♥♥ed me and left me with so many questions, i'd wish it continued, but everything has a end right?.I can't stop the tears.PASCAL IM SO SORRY, YOU DIDN'T DESERVED THISYoko Taro/10"
,Recommended,524220,30716537,Posted: 24 March,all,Mitchell Trubisky,Really wish square enix put some of that money they put into FFXV into this game instead because this is at least one of the top three games I've ever played. Would reccomend to anyone.
76561198076130476,Recommended,524220,31593354,Posted: 6 May,all,✿『彩華』✿,"I'm not so sure what this whole deal about ""Widescreen Issue"" unplayability is about, but I'd like to share my opinion.I had absolutely no issues running NieR, everything was a smooth 60fps, my only complaint being how it launched in windowed mode ocassionally instead of fullscreen.To help with anything, here are my specifications:Intel Core i7 4970K 4.0GHzGeForce GTX 970 (With 4GB of VDDR3 RAM)16GB DDR3 RAMZ97 Gigabyte ""gaming"" motherboard (Not so sure what the exact model is)Acer monitor 1920x1080 (Not sure what model)Again, going through the recent reviews of NieR introduced be to the bug that is happening to apparently, a lot of people.I suppose my main point is: Buy the game if you're interested. It is a fantastic RPG with excellent combat and a great story. If it doesn't work, hopefully Square Enix will patch the issue. If they don't, you can always refund the game.Edit: Reading through more of the issues, I've read a few that state that the game ""doesn't run"" in 1920x1080 mode. Again for me, I found no issue. The graphics and framerate were very great when run at 1920x1080, and if it wasn't truly set to that resolution, I noticed no difference."
,Recommended,524220,35051214,Posted: 18 September,all,Randomist,"11/10 would watch romeo and juliet againFor those who use RX 480 and getting white screen issues, re-download the latest Radeon Crimson drivers and you'll be just fine (mine is 17.7.2). After I resolved the bug, the game sucked me in for good."
76561198008535830,Recommended,524220,34783521,Posted: 6 September,all,LumiLuck,"Here's what you want to know:This game is fantastic, end of story.The storyline and combat are polished and well worth the purchase.People are going to gripe and groan over minutia, let them. Know that if you purchase the game, the content is there, the game is beautiful no matter what setting it's on, and it is optimized very well even as a port from PS4.It is an experience well worth whatever price and it immediately jumped to near top of my played games list.I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to hear game recommendations and would buy it again in a heartbeat if they release another game in the franchise.Please consider it - I wasn't disappointed in any aspect."
,Recommended,524220,33194393,Posted: 3 July,all,Terravir,"This game grabbed me by the throat and didn't let go.Now it may not be the best looking game, its certainly showing that it is a console port in terms of graphics which are not meant to stare at for to long but for the high action gameplay.Game runs fun on pc, works great with a controller. The lip sync is all wonky because it was clearly designed for Japanese voice acting. English voice acting is very good regardless.The game has a solid combat system that is very responsive, at certain segments it will switch perspectives and you are suddenly playing as a side-scroller or twin-stick shooter. This really changes the pace of the game somewhat. Small criticism, in the open-world part of the game the camera could be a bit more helpful but its not bad.Where this game truely shines is in the music and the story. The music is just phenomenal and offers an immense contribution to setting the atmosphere. Truely brilliant.The story is quite something else. The ""Endings"" are a misleading term, basicly you keep playing after every ending for more story. Consider them more like chapters. Boy is that story a  doozy, an emotional rollercoaster that will make you taste despair and sorrow with plot twists and grand revelations. At times it is particularly bleak, but let me just say: Never give up!This tale is one that i will not soon forget. Haven't felt this gripped by a story in a long while. Truely a masterpiece in terms of gameplay, story and sound design."
,Recommended,524220,33952994,Posted: 1 August,all,Loks,"This game was introduced to me through a friend of mine, and let me tell you: I did not expect much of this game. I poked fun at my friend calling it ""Wall-E 2"" and I couldn't be more wrong. I AM enjoying the hell out of this game. The pod programs, plug-in chips, and vast array of weaponjs are some of the few tools that this game uses to prove itself as an in-depth RPG masterpiece. This game has surpassed a multitude of games that I have considered favorites of mine for a long time and draws me in almost as much as Breath of The Wild. Just like. Play it."
76561198126090750,Recommended,524220,34768410,Posted: 5 September,all,Mr. Skeltal 1: The Bone Menace,Bought for the booty.Stayed for the soul crushing emotional rollercoaster.10/10
76561198303107153,Recommended,524220,35187667,Posted: 24 September,all,Grettho,"So FAR, I'm 68 mins into the game, and let me tell you, THIS is what a game is suppose to be. Barely even scratched the surface of it so far and I already feel connected to the characters. Regardless of if your pc can run it or if its a bad port. Installing the FAR mod should help, and believe me, its worth it!.Music is 10/10 (my god will it knock your socks off!!!)Gameplay 10/10 (extremely refreshing)Visuals (10/10).Couldent be happier with this purchase!"
,Recommended,524220,31922460,Posted: 23 May,all,Ashman,Loved this. playthrough 3 times to get the most out of it.
,Recommended,524220,33013985,Posted: 29 June,all,minisuspend,"Honestly, One of the best games ive played in a very long time.NieR:Automata is beautiful in design, story, characters and gameplay. Feels very fluid and is extremely fun to play.After my first 'full playthrough' I played through, it more than hooked me in and im now dedicated to finishing the game til 101%Game runs fine for me on pc with a xbox one controller straight off the bat, had very few issues but I have been using the FAR mod and ReShade since starting and id tell anyone to go do the same, no matter what kindve system you have.Legitimity a charming, joyful and all round amazing game to play!Its my GoTY.2B out of 10"
,Not Recommended,524220,35003574,Posted: 16 September,all,SnurkyGurvin,"Constant white screens, even with FAR. I shouldn't have to debug to play this game."
76561198261527699,Recommended,524220,30734788,Posted: 25 March,all,Jin,"Pro-Story is insanely interesting. I spent more time reading the lore in the intel than in any other game-Combat is fun and animations are so #@%^ing cool-Characters are unique and lovable and memorable-Multiple playthough tells a story that cannot be told any other way-Visual novel and story book interesting way to convey your enemies' side of the story-3D to 2D transitions is super unique and gives an aspect of platforming-Bullet hell is quite fun and interesting...especially the last one *wink*Con-Difficulty curve between normal mode and hard mode is quite large in the beginning but evens out later on-Require you to know the story of Nier and one of the ending in Drakengard 1 and one of the ending in Drakengard 3-Better with controller than M+K------------------------------------------------------------This game is phenomenal. The linkage between Drakengard and Nier to this game is incredibly interesting and thought provoking. If you have played Drakengard and/or Nier, this is a must play for you. It develops on themes and ideas introduced in those games and comes to a conclusion at the end(?).The gameplay is very fun and I'm very happy that Platinum discovered a middle-ground between mindless hack-and-slash and Bayonetta's high skill ceiling perfect frame combos. Boss fights are hard but not impossible. They have patterns and weakness and learning these is what makes the game so fun and rewarding. Nier:Automata has many facets of fighting and action. As you progress through the game, you will see that there are multiple ways to fight enemies; not just with your sword. The gameplay is so interactive: so many things to do, so many things to see, so many things to read and explore.The story is very interesting and can only be done in a video game format. The multiple playthroughs focuses on different sides of the story and it helps you connect deeply to the characters. The foreshadowing in the quests, the dialogs between characters, and each character's subtle actions are all connected and revealed at the end. While playing the game to completion, I kept thinking ""I need someone to dicuss what happened here!"" because the story is so immersive and mysterious and fulfilling that I had to vocalize my satisfaction and thoughts.Even though I ""earned"" all the achievements, I will definitely go back to finish all the quest and beat ""all"" the bosses again. THIS GAME HAS LEFT ME MENTALLY, EMOTIONALLY, AND PHYSICALLY DRAINED. There were so much feelings and thought running through my head at the end that I just sat there and recounted all the events that occured.Although there are some VOCAL MINORITY with playability issues, I can say that my Nvidia 970 held up to 60fps on high settings (excluding AA). The game is better with a controller than mouse and keyboard."
76561198044950833,Recommended,524220,34576335,Posted: 29 August,all,Jumpy,Love love love this game. Gameplay 10/10. Story 10/10. Couldn't ask for much else.
76561198004076605,Recommended,524220,34894315,Posted: 11 September,all,Ninjabullets,"Imagine if you got a bunch of guys who are arguing about what kind of game they wanna make. One guy likes hack and slash games, another guy likes hardcore rpg's like dark souls. One guy likes bullet hell shooters and one guy likes platformers. But in the end they all agreed that they like butts. And thus NieR: Automata was born."
76561198406774029,Recommended,524220,34770616,Posted: 5 September,all,Catfish,play it in japanese
,Recommended,524220,35279806,Posted: 28 September,all,Lazy,"Satisfying, fun, fast, and buttery smooth combat and a great story with pretty deep meaning that actually made me tear up a bit. All topped off by a superb sountrack.Yoko Taro never disappoints. 10/10 Favorite game of 2017."
,Recommended,524220,30577361,Posted: 17 March,all,Azhcrove,"I've already played and beaten this game on PS4, and on PC I don't really seem to be having framerate/resolution issues. If you ARE having issues and want to do borderless window, just usehttp://westechsolutions.net/sites/WindowedBorderlessGaming/. (will remove this once/if borderless windowed mode gets patched in)With that said, this game is easily one of the best games I've played in my life. You're gonna feel like crying in the middle of some high octane action, then feel even more empty inside after beating all of the game's routes. It's an extremely surreal game, and it'd be a shame if you missed it.Glory to Mankind. :yorha:"
,Recommended,524220,35429620,Posted: 2 October,all,Dinosaurs(1991) is best show,"Here I was thinking I had played good games in my life.Then I finished this game, I sat speechless for an hour or 3.Never have I played any game with such.. deep, amazing, sad, happy story like this.. truly beautiful and touching story.I have already bought it 7 times, because why not? All 6 friends loved the game.Even tho this game have some optimization issues, it's easily fixed by a mod made by the community.Either way, I hope as many people as possible gets to play this game, truly a masterpiece."
,Recommended,524220,30651829,Posted: 21 March,all,Lolilly,masterpiece
,Recommended,524220,30576029,Posted: 17 March,all,breevxii.`,GoTC: Game of The Century!!
76561198028895617,Recommended,524220,30622070,Posted: 19 March,all,Fun on a Bun,"""Hey what are you doing?""""nothing just killing robots with giant swords while riding a rollercoaster""10/10"
,Recommended,524220,30609737,Posted: 19 March,all,Theu,I want an army of cute androids too.Why has god abandoned us?
,Recommended,524220,30609657,Posted: 19 March,all,Whitefox74,"I had a life before this game came out, but now im skipping work..... Also, the ingame play time stops at 99hours 59mins 59secs"
,Recommended,524220,30581915,Posted: 17 March,all,PscyhoCat 猫,"A really good game with good combat, good story, good music and some android girls."
,Not Recommended,524220,30726919,Posted: 25 March,all,Deus,"Everything ported from a console is designed to crash.We are perpetually trapped...in a never-ending spiral of terrible PC ports.Is this a curse ?Or some kind of punishment ?I often think about the developper who betrayed us with this cryptic optimization...and wonder if we'll ever have the chance to kill him.Nier automata is the best game ever made since 2008, but the PC port is a shame.No updates in a month and more, waiting patches to change review to positive."
,Recommended,524220,30662468,Posted: 21 March,all,Chief Keef Coonery,The first 20 minutes are more memorable than all of Mass Effect Andromeda.
,Not Recommended,524220,33577016,Posted: 15 July,all,WhatTheDeef,"I do not recommend this game on PC. Constant slow downs and crashes obliterated any enjoyment I could have gotten from the game which is kind of a pity. When it ran correctly, it was really fun."
,Not Recommended,524220,32921803,Posted: 28 June,all,*•☆ Levý ☆•*,"I personally think that the PC controls are bad, very hard to turn the character. And I can't get over the motion sickness. Tried the in-game option to reduce motion sickness but it did not help at all for me.I pretty much never experience motion sickness in other games and not even in a car or any transport vehicle.This was a first time for me, and I didn't think it would be this bad even after reading about others having the same issue(s) with the game. It is abit laggy too in general. But I think the game is beautiful however. Good Soundtrack, lightning, voice acting ect. Sadly, I can't stand getting headaches and feeling ill each time playing for around 15 minutes only."
76561198252191994,Not Recommended,524220,31898479,Posted: 22 May,all,xelnagaartifact,SE acknowledge there're problems in pc port.  Few months later nothing happens except for release cash grab dlc.
,Recommended,524220,33149346,Posted: 2 July,all,Lampinwater,"Pre-perchased the game in March and no regret :PWorked decently with my GTX 950M (It actually worked!!)Finished 2 endings so farPros:-music-graphics & character design-gameplay-different difficulty levels-storyline-philosophical meanings of a lot of the dialogues-9sCons-jumping-high jump-long jump-screen rotation-2nd run is too repetitiveMore on the jumping issue:I wish there is an in-game control encyclopedia for all the combat and jumping moves you can do. The one for the controller is rather useless for keyboard users. I would stuck in a quest for too long just because I couldn't do a high jump or long jump. Most of the jumping tutorials on Google were not helpful because they were either on PS4 or the combo was just too complex to be registered. It might have something to do with my low end GPU but jumping was definately a pain for me.Overall, 9/10 (saving the 1 point for the next ending). Love this game."
,Recommended,524220,33495015,Posted: 12 July,all,KAIIRU,"I very rarely say this about video games anymore, and when I do it's always sarcastically. But this timeI'm serious.This was a good game.This right here is the golden standard. It reminds me of the old games before games started being butchered up with microtransactions and incomplete messes.- Amazing story complimented by great characters- an onslaught of different weapons and weapon combinations that can be found.-beautiful environment that rewards exploration-a beefy amount of sidequests to do when you're done with the main missions.- 𝕘𝕠𝕕𝕝𝕪 𝕤𝕠𝕦𝕟𝕕𝕥𝕣𝕒𝕔𝕜𝕤- material farming which gives reason to endlessly kill all the mobs you run across and not feel like you're wasting time.-content saved for after you upgrade/collect everythingTHIS RIGHT HERE is something that is missing from a lot of newer games. the fondest memories I have are from games like Jak & Daxter, Spyro, mario, sonic, etc. that have some sort of unlockable after doing everything. Brings a tear to my eye.-feelsHonestly I bought this on sale for $42 but I wouldn't have regretted buying this at full price. I definitely recommend this masterpiece.Also I'm ashamed that the underwear achievement was one of my very first ones before I even started actually trying for them and only 13% of players has obtained it."
,Recommended,524220,30609999,Posted: 19 March,all,94011,works on my machine
76561198033151270,Not Recommended,524220,31572712,Posted: 5 May,all,Skulkiin,Do not buy this game untill its frame rate issue has been fixed.
76561198016264247,Not Recommended,524220,31665514,Posted: 10 May,all,Myosotis,"Random screen freeze, made worse since u got to replay right from the start if u havent hit a save point. cant even play for 30 mins. technical garbage."
,Recommended,524220,30583245,Posted: 17 March,all,Geodude is weak,"2B's big ol B made me♥♥♥♥♥once,But that OST made me♥♥♥♥♥harder.10 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic songs / 10"
,Recommended,524220,30698094,Posted: 23 March,all,Tohru Adachi,That was one helluva ride.Just play it.It's worth it.The game doesn't end after the first ending.
76561198351732504,Not Recommended,524220,34835740,Posted: 9 September,all,Các cháu tránh ra,game crashed -> PC crashed -> Unable to load my save game.I love hack n' slash RPG but this is unacceptable.
76561198062413470,Not Recommended,524220,34829779,Posted: 8 September,all,Bishop,Still having issues with game crashing
76561198380523739,Not Recommended,524220,35167339,Posted: 23 September,all,DarkFantasy75,I never made it far enough in the game to understand much about it. This is because all gameplay except for the flying parts ran in slow motion and it was really boring to play.
76561198121625324,Recommended,524220,30651110,Posted: 21 March,all,Averse ツ,"Beautiful game, well worth the money."
,Recommended,524220,34766807,Posted: 5 September,all,Gaiden,not as good as NieR Gestalt10/10
76561198047725954,Recommended,524220,32400665,Posted: 13 June,all,Snake Beater,"This is one of the greatest games ever made. The genius behind this masterpiece, Yoko Taro, deserves some sort of award. The story is fantastic and heartwrenching, the gameplay is fluid and exciting, and the world is beautiful. In a time where games keep trying to make the game bigger and bigger than the last without having any substance, Nier Automata uses its world to tell its story, and takes nothing for granted. This game masterfully blends story and gameplay, joins Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater on my list of games that made me cry."
,Not Recommended,524220,32770379,Posted: 25 June,all,Gaco,Unplayable due to 1080p resolution problem. Wait for patch.
,Recommended,524220,30577814,Posted: 17 March,all,cowpies,Cutscenes are low FPS and the game currently switches out of fullscreen when I alt tab. Other than those problems the game itself is fun and runs fine.
76561198085296698,Recommended,524220,30582956,Posted: 17 March,all,Vbarbarian,Turn Anti-Analysing off. V-Sync is optional. You'll have fun.
,Recommended,524220,34784680,Posted: 6 September,all,EuEu_94,I've no idea what love means no more...This game is good..like...really good.
,Not Recommended,524220,35035942,Posted: 17 September,all,ERIS/EROS,"There are HUGE performance issues on PC, and i can assure you i have enough power to run it, between an i7 and two 1080's. The input lag is absolutely unacceptable. The game shoots for scenery porn a lot but the texturing is really bad, and the world is mostly bland post apocalypse. The game is WAY unbalanced towards ranged combat, which is super uninteresting, but timing melee combat dodges is hard because of the aformentioned input lag. As well, the controls for keyboard suck. Waste of my time and money."
76561198162217326,Not Recommended,524220,34911376,Posted: 12 September,all,mcarltonjr,"So I bought this game cause I owned it on the ps4 pro. Loved it. Amazing story and great game play. Why a bad review?**POSSIBLE SPOILERS**After the first scene where you get to the mini boss I saw 60 fps and then 30 in cut scenes. I was on full window mode. Then the game dropped to 15fps, after talking to 9s serious frame tearing and distorted image. I followed up by installing FAR and still the same issues. I have a pretty powerful rig. Instant refund requested. Dissapointed in this port. Especially since I love square enix.NVIDIA geforce gtx 1080tiMSI m5 moboIntel i7 7700k"
,Recommended,524220,30642966,Posted: 20 March,all,⎠⎝вrυทσττi_3∂⎠⎝,"Short review about this game.Enviroment: 2BeautifulGameplay: 2BeautifulAnimations: 2BeautifulCharacters: 2BeautifulMusic: 2BeautifulGame overall: 2BeatifulAnd lastly 2B:  way 2BeautifulReally 2Beautiful game and experience, no cons, 2B/10"
,Recommended,524220,30580229,Posted: 17 March,all,strelokcyka,"draws in brilliant elements from Platinum Games combat tropes [or mechanics] and JRPG elements.range in difficulty, easy is designed for those who don't want to be stressed and very hard for those who want to feel stressed, and normal or hard for those inbetween. graphically adequate for a JRPG and that of Platinum Games' productions.flawless audio design. slightly confusing plot and game mechanics for some players.9/10"
,Recommended,524220,30573304,Posted: 17 March,all,Crowzer,"I wish 2B will notice me, I would confess to her.By the way, the game run fine on my computer. 50/60 FPS on high settings, just disable AA and vSync. Here my specs: i5 6600K @4.5Ghz, 16GB DDR4, GTX 970 Exoc. 1080pPros:- 2B, I like sexy girl as the game director do- Fast paced fights and big boss- Quite a RPG game with levels, sell/buy items, side quests and lot of customizations- The musics are really nice to listen to- EN and JP voiced- The story is intriguing so far- 2Butt- Open worldCons:- Bug in fullscreen mode, downscaled to 990P. Hope SE will fix it soon- Random crashes with white screens- No borderless windows but fixed with the app “Borderless Gaming”- No stable framerate"
,Recommended,524220,30580128,Posted: 17 March,all,Dog,T H I S  C A N N O T  C O N T I N U EB E C O M E  A S  G O D S
,Recommended,524220,30604966,Posted: 18 March,all,EterNity,"I'd definitely recommending buying this game. As the time of this review, I am only four hours into the game. Liking it so far and will write a more in depth review later on."
,Recommended,524220,30598408,Posted: 18 March,all,Derzak,It's the game of the year but wait for the patches.
,Recommended,524220,32784815,Posted: 25 June,all,Not My President,"There are 2 types of people who will give this game a negative review.1) Those who can't afford a decent PC to run this game.2) Noobs who are bad at this game.Don't hop on the hate bandwagon, idiots."
,Recommended,524220,31813264,Posted: 17 May,all,Cooper,"I wasn't expecting all that much from this game, having heard good things about it from several people on twitter I decided to take the plunge and give it a go.What a ended up getting was a game with enjoyable combat, a fantastic story and somehow relatable characters. I was already impressed with this game after my first playthough, I was delightfully supprised whenI got a message asking me to continue playing and that my experience wasn't over yet.Playing the game to its proper conclusion is well worth it, learning all the twists and turns made this game a contender for my game of the year.My only real gripe with this game is the resolution bug, I didn't bother with a third party modification until the end of my second playthough, as I felt that the game itself wasn't having anything taken away from it as it was more than capable of standing on its own two feet with its story, gameplay and characters.Never in all my life I thought a ""B"" really being an ""E"" would be so much of a shock.If you want to play a game that will make you enjoy beating the heck out of machines, learn to love machines, show empathy for machines, have an existential crisis and maybe cry a bit... This game is for you.I'd also like to say, this game has the best end credits I've ""Played""."
76561198107412374,Recommended,524220,31802755,Posted: 17 May,all,Boargut,Best game i've played in 10 years a real surprise went in expecting a casual game left with a storyline that'll stay with me.
,Not Recommended,524220,33910867,Posted: 30 July,all,Kahlraxin,"Atrocious port.Apparently not one single developer or QA person tried to play this game at 1920x1080.  You know... the most standard resolution in PC gaming.It's an understandable oversite.  If it was 1990!!!Come on.  FOUR MONTHS after release, and this game still cannot run at 1920x1080 full screen.  It also does not have a borderless window mode.  So if you want to run at a 1080p resolution, you have to settle for some blurry mess at full screen, or you have to have a title bar and the bottom of the screen cut off in windowed mode.Why in the world would you possibly release a modern day port without support for such a standard monitor resolution?The game itself might be amazing... but due to the pathetic port, I don't recommend this on Steam.Buy it on your console of choice, but don't buy the Steam version."
76561197969425616,Recommended,524220,33147448,Posted: 2 July,all,DeathMongrel -V-,"This game has almost everything going for it.. great graphics, good story, good voice acting, and even though it's meant for controller, the gameplay is still palatable via the keyboard/mouse control scheme.  Despite this you need to be aware that it is an unforgiving ""START OVER IF YOU DIE"" based game.  What makes this worse, is you have to find out how to save, sometime later, after a major boss battle.  No auto-checkpoints here.If you are one of the mega-god gamers that never die in a game, great, this review isn't for you--move along.  To those others who do not find the no save/no checkpoint type of game easy... Is it worth it to persevere, get better and get to the end?  Yes.  However, the beginning experience of the game may also make you want to get a refund (many in the community forums have indicated they've done so).Next, getting out of the game (or rather back to the main menu) can't be done during combat segments in the early part of the game where you don't have a menu.  So if you're still stuck in the repeat ad nauseum hell of a beginning, don't try letting yourself die--you'll have too much auto-heal power, that will take you to the end of the opening segment, so best just ALT-F4.While someone may have thought that ""saving"" could be part of the story, that person was a moron.  If you consider the ""auto-healing"" mechanic they've added, and that we're dealing with bots, I'd expect the standard checkpoint system in most of these console conversion games to be more on par with the story than a manual save.  This design is an obvious time-gating mechanism to allow them to increase the average playthrough time against a short story.  Mr. Developer, I see through the thinly veiled attempt, and am not amused.Finally, there are some wierd glitches, and strange camera behavior during boss battles.  It's very easy to become trapped, and not really know all the details of your situation (""where am I?"" -- ""your grave""), and sometimes that situation means you're simply in a position where you can't move, and die after you run out of auto-heals.In any case, be forewarned, that if your skill level isn't high-enough, you hate practicing, or you don't like (or aren't good at) non-checkpoint/""save when they let you"" games, this might not be the game for you.  Despite this, the game IS fun, looks good, and plays very well, which is why I will still mark it recommeded--but get it on sale, it's not worth full retail."
,Recommended,524220,34765890,Posted: 5 September,all,GloriousChicken,"Amazing top of the line games dont come by so often....here it is, a gem.A master piece even.Something that everyone should experience."
,Not Recommended,524220,35188471,Posted: 24 September,all,Shhhhhhhh nuub,bad pc port
,Recommended,524220,35086959,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,This game is beautiful. It makes the passing of my wife a bit more bearable.
,Recommended,524220,30587732,Posted: 18 March,all,Grafto,"I absolutely adore this game.However, I'm running it on a GTX1070 with an i7 6700k, and no matter what settings I run it at, I get constant stuttering that makes the game near unplayable at times, especially in the desert area. Fullscreen is also completely broken.However, most people aren't having the problems I'm having, so, considering how goddamn GOOD the game is, I'm still gonna recommend it. Hopefully the stability issues are fixed soon so I can enjoy this game properly."
76561198033252681,Not Recommended,524220,31917977,Posted: 23 May,all,AmeliaInv,"$79.99CAD and it can't run on a GTX 780 Ti, despite the 780 being able to run the game at ultra high. Oh well, was really looking forward to play this game, but I’ll settle for a refund."
,Recommended,524220,30647012,Posted: 20 March,all,Enwo,butt
76561198088060517,Not Recommended,524220,33249581,Posted: 4 July,all,Septimus,"I knew that this game had some issues for some people, but I thought I'd risk it. Sadly, although I liked what I played, it is riddled with performance issues on my PC (GTX 970, i5 4440 and 16gb RAM). From the moment I started it up I knew that it was trouble. It wouldn't go fullscreen, and there was no fix aside from finding a third party programme to force it to. Then, when I played it, the resolution was broken (definitely not 1080p, more like 720p) and I got frequent frame drops. The controls also seemed overly awkward (on a controller, not a keyboard), and I know that something is wrong because I've tried to demo on a PS4 and it runs smoothly at 60fps, 1080p, and the controls are much tighter.Sadly, this port is just bad, and it's been like this for months with no real fix in sight. If you only have a PC and are desperate to play it, then it is playable - IF you have a pretty good PC. Otherwise, it's not really in an acceptable state. I got a refund on Steam and I'll probably pick it up on console (which I bought for the exclusives, PC master race) at some point because it is a cool game.TL;DR: it's playable if your PC is good and you fix the fullscreen, but it's a bad port and I can't recommend it as it is - even though I think that the game itself is really good."
76561198016524120,Not Recommended,524220,31675719,Posted: 10 May,all,Justin Bieber,Crashes every 20 minutes or so and no patches at all....but atleast a 14€ dlc which I obviously also can't play and am never going to buy because of the bad support for this game.
,Not Recommended,524220,35035682,Posted: 17 September,all,RisingPhoenix,"This game is a complete pile of f**king sh*t.-Sh*t controls that make it hard/awkward to move while dodging and firing.-Garbage PC port that requires 3rd party programs to make it work right.-No graphics settings, just presets. You cant even choose your texture quality.-Framerate drops everywhere. Cant even get a solid 60fps on a GTX 1060.-Lazy ♥♥♥♥ing developers charging people for their game that they themselves won't bother fixing.-Side quests are an absolute nightmare. You can't even choose which quest to focus on.-In-game map is horse manure. Who in their right mind thought the inclusion of a 3D map was a good idea??-The combat is a cheap Metal Gear Rising knockoff. It needs refinement.-Bad checkpoint system. No checkpoint at the beginning of the game, you can't even save your progress until nearly an hour into the game.The only good thing I can say about this game is that the story is interesting and the environment looks cool as f*ck.I cannot recommend this game in the state that its in. I held off for 5 months thinking this game would be fixed but its still broken.♥♥♥♥ Square Enix. ♥♥♥♥ This game.I CAN'T BELIEVE I PAID FOR THIS BULLSH*T. LAST SQUARE ENIX GAME I EVER BUY."
,Recommended,524220,34375279,Posted: 20 August,all,archerworks7,I would gladly castrate myself if it meant I could play through this game again for the first time. 100 out of 1. Best game I've played all year. It will not dissapoint.
,Not Recommended,524220,31827721,Posted: 18 May,all,<3AlisaIsBae<3,"This ""Port"" is such a joke... Absolutely Terrible. Thank god for refunds."
,Recommended,524220,30681424,Posted: 23 March,all,1911,THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE THIS CANNOT CONTINUE BECOME AS GODS
76561198290459116,Recommended,524220,32702655,Posted: 23 June,all,GGTAE,I like 2B's butt.
,Recommended,524220,33142966,Posted: 2 July,all,voskaLoid-,"my first impression about this game is good cause it has good gameplay, good graphics and cute character :)i recommended for this game for those who loved single player,story rich and RPG"
76561197966599889,Not Recommended,524220,32742086,Posted: 24 June,all,Nadath,"A Masterpiece Marred by SEThis game is pretty amazing, especially the soundtrack.  I viewed a few gameplay videos and really wanted to try this game out but heard that it had lots of problems. I played the introduction level without any issues except for massive cut scene stuttering and the resolution bug that effects every player who doesn’t use the FAR mod.The fact that they SE has gone for four months without even asking to copy and paste Kaldaian’s mod as an official patch is just depressing.  Added to the fact that they pretty much believe that without Denuvo, every copy sold would have been pirated instead.  SE truly does not care about their customers once they have been paid.I cannot support a game company that acts so spitefully towards the very people that are actively trying to give them money.  I will be refunding this and recommend others wait until it is discounted to $20 or less."
,Not Recommended,524220,34787901,Posted: 6 September,all,The Suspect,"This game is a lot like my ex-gf: it has stunning visual, great to have fun with, and you'll enjoy it for a short while until you find out that it has so much issues you just end up 'breaking up' with it.My first hour with the game was spent mostly on restarting the game from scratch cause of this stupid crash. Ohh and you're not allowed to use anything above 1080p. You have to actually download a fix that will solve the problem. Totally great fix for something that originally costs about $60.After applying all the fixes and workarounds, I still get this random white screen of death OUT OF NOWHERE, all while not being able to save so I have to start from beginning again, just like how my ex-gf would say ""let's start this over"" after having a fight."
76561198030014016,Not Recommended,524220,32114848,Posted: 1 June,all,LastRedhead82,"Buggy, horribly optimized mess.  Two thumbs down Square Enix, patch this trainwreck and I'll change my review."
,Not Recommended,524220,31736040,Posted: 13 May,all,Carlten,"Honestly, Platnium did a fine job on Nier Automata, just not fine as the Bayonetta port on PC! Honestly? This game is always on 600-900p resolution and the FPS is always low as♥♥♥♥♥♥ What the ♥♥♥♥ Platnium, what happened? I can barely even enjoy this game with this FAR Mod ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. I can play the game at 1080p, but only get like 40 fps in less FPS intensive areas and 30-25 fps on open areas, I deactived that Global Bloom♥♥♥♥♥♥and it still gives me a low fps. And I'm constantly worried that the FPS drop is too low because it's so easy to tell when it's lower than 30 fps.PLEASE PLATNIUM, JUST FIX THE GAME AND RELEASE A PATCH.If you really, really, really want to play Nier Automata, I suggest switching to the PS4 version if you own a PS4. If not, welp. Have fun playing at a low♥♥♥♥♥fps.BTW, my specs are: GPU: R9 380 4GB (Mid ranged, I'm aware. So STFU, nerd.), CPU: Intel i5 6500, RAM: 12GB DDR3.(Update: I played a lot more of the game. After awhile you get use to the low fps, the story is really good, I'm really enjoying the combat system too. But, I still wouldn't get it on PC.)"
,Not Recommended,524220,32101235,Posted: 31 May,all,-p.S.y-  シ,"Starting from scratch for the fourth time now.. I've really seen the beginning now. Not sure what SE was thinking by this pc port WHICH IS THE HUGEST CRAP EVER... Possibly the worst port I've ever seen. especially that I cannot use my mouse and the save points are somewhere (who knows where)"" and when u die u have to start from scratch and play everything again, get to all locations where there are items lying around AGAIN and AGAIN and AGAIN.. I should have downloaded a cracked version... not worth buying so far, Square should really have put some more effort into the pc version..."
,Not Recommended,524220,34839565,Posted: 9 September,all,BeardCandy,"Unfornatly, the game isn't that well optimized for PCs. I would get a nice FPS count but when cinematics would happen, it would drop to choppy. I would also have problems running in full screen mode. I tend to play games in borderless window mode, but this game doesn't have that option. It just has fullscreen, or windowed mode. So I went full screen. The problem is that there was a half inch black border around my game now. I tried all resolutions to fix this, and stayed in my monitors native resolution.It's unfornate. I really wanted to experience this game. The game play was interesting and fun, I just can't muster through the performance. I got a feeling this game is super awesome on consoles. Which is something I do not have. I don't tolerate poor PC ports so I am returning the game. I may pick this up when it goes on sale again at a 15-20$ price range. I just can't justify spending 38$ on a poor performing PC game. I have to give a thunbs down, but it's really a halfway thumbs down. The gameplay that I expereinced was fun, it's the performance that suffers greatly."
76561198350604004,Not Recommended,524220,34811328,Posted: 8 September,all,arixx74,Bad PC port
76561197989256991,Not Recommended,524220,34797503,Posted: 7 September,all,The Crazy Horse Rides Out™,Garbage. Screen freezing bug has been in the game since release and is still there as of September. Unplayable in the literal sense.
76561198262680171,Not Recommended,524220,33111414,Posted: 1 July,all,Playfultay,"It's a bad port that I hope gets fixed.it crashed within 18 minutes of me playing it, this isnt acceptable its a beautiful game,and its a shame that I cant play it, Seriously!I don't recommend purchasing this right now, don't get me wrong this is a wonderful game, Please wait until this is fixed, and request a refund."
,Not Recommended,524220,33273775,Posted: 5 July,all,C1RC4,"This game is an amzing game at its core, i have played this game extensively on the PS4 beforehand and when i sold my Ps4 i missed the game so much i decided to purchase it on steam, The game is good in fact a masterpiece everything about it is high quality and provides for a wonderful RPG experience you will definitely remember and will stand out against all the other RPGs out there, but MY F****** GOD it doesnt run! i get a white screen every time i try to complete the prologue and it crashes, I have tried everything from fiddling with the settings, reinstalling my graphics drivers (I run an RX480 4gb) and even installling an older driver, i have tried every possible thing yet to no avail. I cannot reccomend this game simply becuase of this incompatibility not only with my graphics card but several others from usually AMD but can even extend to Nvidia! this is absolutely ridiculous for a game published by square enix to allow such a game breaking incompatibility, the fans shouldnt have to be the ones fixing your s*** especially for the price of this game (without issues, 100% worth it) so until they relese updates to make this game have way more compatibility and some optimization, i cannot reccomend this game for PC, if you have a ps4 this game is a steal, but for PC, it is ridiculous such a masterpiece of a game is ruined because they are too lazy to release updates for better compatibility."
76561198044152769,Not Recommended,524220,33278936,Posted: 5 July,all,Cain,"Make no mistake this my GOTY and one of the best games i have ever played, but SquareEnix has give no support whatsoever to the PC version, they can release the DLC but not a single patch. SE does NOT deserve your money."
,Not Recommended,524220,32698850,Posted: 23 June,all,Carmichael,"It's on sale but save yourself some trouble of getting a refund because it is literally unplayable. Here's my experience with the game.Launch game.Change resolution to 1080p and full screen. I get 900p with black borders.Ok I undo changes.Game Crashes.The mods that are supposed to fix this doesn't actually fix it. In fact, there's so many more issues than simply the resolution that all the mods you can download can't fix it. It's not worth your time. I've tried the FAR mod and I started getting other issues like low memory and the game freezes (I have 8GBs of RAM). It's one thing to go through this trouble to play a game, and another to go through it after paying over $50 for it.Square isn't getting my money with no patches 3 months since its Steam launch after thousands have complained and Steam should be ashamed that it's still on their store page as a functional game."
76561198092271760,Not Recommended,524220,33694108,Posted: 21 July,all,MoonLite,"I LOVE THIS GAME BUT I CAN'T RECOMMEND!!!!WHY?♥♥♥♥♥♥♥SQUARE ENIX FKED IT UP AGAIN!!!Now I finished a playthrough of the game and I must have been a lucky one because when I played, there weren't any problems. With the latest update, I constantly crashes on my AMD R9 280 GPU. This problem, however, affects both AMD and NVIDIA GPU alike and it still hasn't been fix from May to July 21,2017.Furthermore you can only really enjoy this simple but well crafted Platinum game's combat by having controller because there is just something you can't physically do on keyboard and mouse, such as combo cancel, unless you are on a controller because you can't rebind the evade mechanic, despite everything else being customizable.Also because you can't rebind a specific key for evade like you have with a controller, the game becomes harder than it is due to input lag.The mouse optimization is also♥♥♥♥♥♥like alot of Square's port which makes 50% of the game, the hacking and 3d flying bullet hell, pretty painful to go through, you can however soldier on with your own keys assignment.Again, I LOVE THIS GAME BUT SQUARE FKED IT UP AGAINEdit: Cool stuff you should be doing but can't unless you mod in the feature. Even then it can be pretty clunky with keyboard and mouse.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0203jbYU0TI"
,Not Recommended,524220,32192114,Posted: 4 June,all,Oak,"I've expected more than I got.The tutorial level (the one that ends with black box explosion) is the greatest one in the game. After that the game surprises you with an unexpected loneliness and emptiness. The open world unfortunately does not impress, and other than watching 2Bs' hips, there's nothing else to do, so it feels boring.The soundtrack and the ENglish voice acting is nice. The graphics are subpar, which is a shame."
,Recommended,524220,30574345,Posted: 17 March,all,Lord JT,I really like this game. I have had absolutely no problems with the port so far. I honestly don't know where the problems are coming from.
,Not Recommended,524220,33647535,Posted: 19 July,all,Whiskey Tang go,"I'm certain that most people will dislike this review, but potential buyers need to know that this game is very overrated, and here's why:Cons:-Combat has very little depth compared to other Hack & Slash titles such as Ninja Gaiden, Bayonetta, DMC, or MGRR.( It basically comes down to spamming attacks and dodges, with no Move List or Combos to be mentioned )-The majority of the game's content is NOT played as the woman advertised, but rather her male sidekick, who's combathas even less depth than the main character, because he is limited to light attacks only. ( aka one-button spam )-Most of your time playing this game will be spent trying to complete side quests that consist of running from Point A toPoint B, then back to Point A, and the reward for these lackluster quests is typically crafting materials.-The crafting materials you invest hours into collecting from side quests can seem worthless, because all weaponsare basically equal.. In other words, every sword is exactly the same apart from a minor stat change and effect.Pros:-A charming (yet brief) storyline that can be very thought-provoking.In summary..While the plot is something fresh and the game offers some effortless fun, it's ultimately lacking in all departments other than story. The side quests are a chore that rewards you with materials for weapons you won't need (and probably won't use), and the combat will be disappointing for anyone that isn't content with spamming X and Y in no particular order.I recommend waiting for a significant price drop or trying another Hack & Slash game that offers worthwhile combat and side quests."
,Not Recommended,524220,33628032,Posted: 18 July,all,kasztoix,"Can't recommend it right now.7h and still can't get to a first save point because of freezes and crashes.Tried multiple drivers, fixes on forums and internet, nothing works so far. Literally starting hate this games because of this and no possibility to skip introduction cutscenes"
76561197993580613,Not Recommended,524220,30986827,Posted: 6 April,all,gthanson,"Three weeks in, still experiencing the frozen screen while game continues to run in the background crash, and no patch or communication for developers. Very disappointing."
,Not Recommended,524220,30784880,Posted: 27 March,all,Pantoura,"Good game, terrible port. There are solutions developed by the community (likehttps://steamcommunity.com/app/524220/discussions/0/135512104777399045/), but if I have to resort to these to make it at least playable without crashes (and even so I couldn't), this says a lot about the developer."
,Not Recommended,524220,30807328,Posted: 28 March,all,Awpteamoose,"I really don't understand N:A. I've played through it, I've gotten every ending and I honestly don't understand why is it getting so much praise.The gameplay is boring, the overworld is bland, balance is out of whack, you have to play through the same stuff twice to get to the second half of the game, the story makes very little sense. Also I think 2B's design is distasteful, but it doesn't affect the game in general.However, that's just, like, my opinion. Wish I could get a refund. I've read dozens of reviews and I seem to just have a different opinion on what is interesting gameplay or engaging story."
,Recommended,524220,30580462,Posted: 17 March,all,Smooth Operator,"Plays like Metal Gear Rising in some ways, which is another Platinum Games title.  Both games essentially have you playing as a cyborg/android in heels with a katana and a 10/10 booty."
,Recommended,524220,30595268,Posted: 18 March,all,✿ matt,"CPU: i5 6600k @ 4.5GHzGPU: GTX 1070 StrixI have not encountered any other bugs aside from the 1920x1080 resolution not working properly in fullscreen.  The game itself is fantastic aside from the cutscenes, which are unfortunately rendered at 30fps.  I am currently working around the 1920x1080 resolution bug by running Nier in windowed mode and enlarging it with a program called ""Borderless Gaming,"" which you can find on the Steam store.  I can run the game on high settings and achieve almost a consistent 60fps.EDIT: experienced the white screen crash despite having an nvidia card."
,Recommended,524220,30621143,Posted: 19 March,all,Boggars,"Everything about the game is amazing. Everything. The port on the other hand isn't the best. That being said, it's still totally playable and in no way takes away from the game."
76561197993722043,Recommended,524220,30589552,Posted: 18 March,all,Lenin_be_back,"11/10, Best fishing simulator 2017!Not sure why developers made that robofight intro though."
,Recommended,524220,30579262,Posted: 17 March,all,JohnDenverExperience,"GTX 980 / i7-4790k stock / 16 GB DDR3 RAM at 1866 / Ultrawide Display 2560x1080My specs are the recommended requirements and it seems as though they were honest about that. I have everything maxed out, including AA, and I stay at 60FPS with minor dips into the 50s here and there, but nothing jarring, at least for me.Unfortunately, fullscreen does not work and you NEED Borderless Gaming to get this game to work properly without, well, borders. While that is a gigantic ♥♥♥♥ up, they did at least get ultrawide right, and the game looks stunning on my display once I use Borderless.Of course, for each right there must be a wrong, and the FPS is clearly capped at 30 in cutscenes, which is jarring and extremely immersion breaking. I don't understand why this was done, but the cutscenes literally look like a PS3 game, while the game itself looks absolutely beautiful in real time.All in all, the gameplay is perfect, which is par for the course for Platinum, and I highly recommend it, although be ready for some tweaking until a patch is (hopefully) released."
,Recommended,524220,30601274,Posted: 18 March,all,SpazticUnicorn,"So i watched many reviews about this game and ecided it was the action rpg I'd been looking for and so far its really very fun very nice gameplay and action only problem is, Id love a graphics driver for this because for some reason no matter what i do, lowering my settings, all that it still runs at 50 fps in grassy areas i have a gtx 1060 i5 6600k and their first update had radion graphics support so I'd love an nvidia graphics driver but otheriwse its super fun hope they have more updates soon."
76561198286324355,Recommended,524220,30626359,Posted: 19 March,all,akimboannihilato,"NieR:Automata is everything I expected from Square Enix. Awesome graphics, excellent storyline and character development, killer battle system, and the music is ethereal. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,524220,30625239,Posted: 19 March,all,Spider Merchant,platinum games doing what they do best it also has a great soundtrack that that will defo get stuck in your head
,Recommended,524220,30607255,Posted: 18 March,all,"disco ""just dodge lmao"" panda","Came for the booty, stayed for the....pretty well done game. And booty"
,Recommended,524220,30581662,Posted: 17 March,all,Aozaki_Kyo,"So far I've only played past the tutorial. But people complaining about saving options and dying ""too much"" are dumb and spoiled brats.This is how people used to play games before Saving was automatic every 5 minutes.DEAL WITH IT. GET GOOD. Or simply play EASY MODE.So far it's been really good.I think the only complain I'd have is the poorly optimized graphics.Running a GTX970 on Medium and even then still get some hiccups.Otherwise I'm really enjoying the game"
,Recommended,524220,30606029,Posted: 18 March,all,Shin_NomeaD,"Pros:+ amazing Open World+ ridiculously awesome OST+ well crafted Characters+ well written story+ good exploration+ main story missions are super cinematic and engaging+ excelent immersion+ DAT♥♥♥♥♥mehs:~ Bullethell start (because I usually don't play bullethell games <.<)~ Artstyle is awesome but ""weird"" (or divicive)~ fast travel introduction a bit latecons:- savegame mechanic is pfrt- camera movement- encounters can be unfair at times (because of the camera or sudden/unpredictable enemy-attacks/-movement)- fast travel is a bit of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥(not an actual map for fast travel)- the port is wonky at bestoverall:rating 87 %If you don't mind the port, buy now. If you do, wait a month or so until it's patched. Otherwise it's an absolutely AWESOME game <3"
,Recommended,524220,30582125,Posted: 17 March,all,Camman6972,Very fun hack and slash made by the myth the legend platinum games!!BEWARE if you have an amd graphics card the game will run TERRIBLY also make sure you have a controler this game was NOT made for a keyboardalso the story is absaloutly crazy!
,Recommended,524220,30577066,Posted: 17 March,all,Miku,"I'll be honest. I came into the game on PS4 without much expectations, without that much hype as the rest of my friend group. I came out of the game an emotional wreck because of some stupid robots and a guy who wears a mask to all interviews. His story is worth your time and money.I bought the game twice, and despite the complaints of bad optimization on the PC port, I would recommend the beautiful enhancements that the nature of being on PC provides."
,Recommended,524220,30589798,Posted: 18 March,all,General Accel,"I5-6600k & GTX 970, running at constant 60fps smoothly.Everything about the game is really enjoyable to me, especially the music. To actually play the game you have to beat the whole prolouge without dying, aka culling the weak.Also legs and butts."
,Recommended,524220,30596439,Posted: 18 March,all,Ryosuke,"NieR2 is extremely good! I played the game around 2 hours and then I realized that I cant stop playing. In fact, if it were not for eating in my real life, Im still playing and u guys wont see this evaluation. K thats all I want to say and I gonna get some foods. At the end of last, I suggest u guys that try to do self-destruction which will give u a big surprise! : D"
,Recommended,524220,30595093,Posted: 18 March,all,DevilsBane99,"Nier was an instant buy for me since I played the first one 5 years ago. This game, based on the time I've spent on it so far, does NOT require the player to play the first. I've only seen few cosmetic nods to the previous game, so most won't miss much.Gameplay: Fast and furious, reminds me of a blend of Metal Gear Rising and Bayontetta. Doging well is rewarded with amazing speticals of sparks and speed. The combos aren't noted anywhere in the tutorials menu so you have the joy in making up your own. They are very organic much like the way DMC allowed you to string different types of moves together. This makes combat feel fresh dispte how many scrimmages you participate in.Normal difficulty at the moment feels balanced in fair in most areas, just don't be suprised when you go to a place ""you're not suppose to be at"" and get devasted with one hit.Also, for the love of Pete, SAVE SAVE SAVE when you have a chance. There are no autosaves in the game, which personally makes it feel more dire and intense, which I personally like.The story in general at the time of the writing seems straight forward, but already there are questions to your group's motives. Not going to indulge here, but I'm happy to say it isnt the 20 paragraph per conversation narrative that many JPRGs suffer.And just to reiterate, this is NOT a JPRG, it is more of an action rpg that allows leveling and customization of skills and weapons, so don't worry about time based battles.Technical aspects: This is the only reason I can't wholefully recommend this game since its AAA production should not allowed this to slide.The game seems to make it evident that its a port from the Playstation 4 systems. As you may know, there are resolution issues that cause the game not to scale correctly in fullscreen mode (I purchased Borderless Gaming to fix this and it worked)Pop - in is really evidient, with textures and some models suddenly showing within yards of the character.Anti Aliasing settings from the ingame menu do not make a difference to the quality, but utilizing the Nvidia control panel, setting to ENHANCE cleans the image quality a bit.All in all, if I knew of these issues I would have waited a bit longer till support was provided. Still, I would pay the full price for this game just for its gameplay, exploration, story, and sheer fun.9/10  (1 point deducted due to technical issues)Tested PC Specifications:Inter i7 6700 non kGTX 108016 gb DDR 4 2400mhzInstalled on 4TB SSHD"
,Recommended,524220,30596108,Posted: 18 March,all,Chunky lover 317,I have the weirdest boner... 10/10
76561198057492210,Recommended,524220,30618867,Posted: 19 March,all,꧁⎛⎝ Eri ⎠⎞꧂,"One of THE BEST GAMES ive played in recent years, tio tier story telling, direction and game play, you wouldnt guess it had a shoe string budget, so if your on the fence about this, and like platinums games/have played Drakenguard 3 or Nier, i highelt recomend this game!!!!!"
76561198004411154,Recommended,524220,30625491,Posted: 19 March,all,O'neill-san,"This is a great game so far. Even though i have the resolution bug, i dont really care about it, i mean it still looks good for me, so I'm not going to complain about something so minor. Specially since Square Enix arent really good at porting yet, but as Totalbiscuit said, this is their best port yet."
,Recommended,524220,30635548,Posted: 20 March,all,Seir,"Do not let my time played fool you, I do not have a reliable internet connection so I had to beat the game offline with over 27 hours of gameplay.My thoughs about this game: It is a masterpiece. Extremely enjoyable combat system, story and character development. I recomend everybody to play the 3 stories, a lot of the game will make sense in the second playthrough.This game has been a great ride from start to end. You should consider buying this game, it deserves every peny."
76561198201366977,Recommended,524220,30580611,Posted: 17 March,all,gavingregory17,"If your crying about 60fps lock maybe your forgetting what being a gamer is about , atleast its not 30fps. Amazing from what i have played so far, meshed multiple genres fused together bullet hell, hack and slash and 2d platforming love it!."
76561198042456304,Recommended,524220,30627408,Posted: 19 March,all,Lord Doom,"Sick Game, Sick Story, Worth the money, Runs well on GTX 980 regardless of what people have said."
,Recommended,524220,30628283,Posted: 19 March,all,☆*:. o(≧▽≦)o .:*☆,The difficuty gap between normal and hard is a bit much. I played the whole game only dieing once on normal. On hard im trying to 100% the game and on the first mission I died roughly 7 times and then the first boss battle after that I died another 4 times. Still the best game I have played in a while. 9.8/10
76561198000142213,Recommended,524220,30631589,Posted: 20 March,all,Butterfly Girl,"Great story, Great world, Great characters, Great Action.All i can say is Glory to Mankind."
76561197993293024,Recommended,524220,30629016,Posted: 19 March,all,Wingfury,"9/10Scroll down for the bad.I am currently through my first playthrough which took about 16 hours without any of the sidequests completed. Working on the second playthrough (which is arguably like the second half of your first complete play).The combat never gets old. The boss fights are fun and rewarding. I have yet to encounter anything that is unfair.The story is engrossing BUT you have to get through the first boss fight and to your first save point (be patient, it can take a couple tries).The side quests are varied, the crafting is perfect and the resource availability and money earning is spot on. There is a hidden amount of depth in the way you build your character in this. At first it seems simple and shallow but you will learn later that the small tweaks make a big difference (and they are expensive).Hands down the combat in this game is some of the best I've ever experienced. I normally loath the hack and slash genre  and am not typically great at bullet hell style games. The combination of the two had me weary but I am thrilled at the way they work together in Nier. Being rewarded for perfect dodges is an absolute thrill.The Bad:The game does not do enough to ensure that you know all the different ways you can upgrade yourself.You are HEAVILY punished if you die before the first save point. Even skipping encounters on hard it can easily take 30 minutes to get to the boss fight. If you fail you have to do the ENTIRE opening sequence again.The buildings feature what looks like wide open doors and window spaces but there are invisible barriers. Initially this is very jarring until you get used to some of the subtle visual clues that let you know which ones you can enter and which you cant.Neither good nor bad:The map.First they don't tell you that there are actually a many areas and markers you cant reach intially (they will be unlocked in later playthroughs or later in the game). Having those red dots all over the map really drove me up a wall.The map is not detailed at all and it can be easy to miss the fact that it's actually in 3D. Many of the waypoints are well UNDER the surface of the map, which you wont be able to see initially.I HIGHLY reccomend this game (which I don't do often), even if you are not normally a fan of this genre. The story, the variety of the areas you fight in, the strangeness of the quests all blend together wonderfully. The side quests are anything but boring and all add to the depth of the world and the struggles it faces."
,Recommended,524220,30613745,Posted: 19 March,all,Gaweyne,"Nearly: Automated is a FPS game set in the year 1196 in which the Third Crusade has never happened and the future belongs to the weebs. You assume the role of a robot waifu named BB (""Big Butt"") who comes from the moon, and play a game of Space Invaders in which your squadron of robot waifus get vaporized. They squeal and die, which causes feels and slight PTSD, then suddenly you're playing a game of Star Fox 64. When you've beat that you play a game of Dynasty Warriors. Then a big chainsaw machine one shots you, the game is finished and the credits roll.I've beat the game many times so far, and would recommend to most people.7/10. Loses 3 points cuz the moon base needs to send more waifus I think."
,Recommended,524220,30582511,Posted: 17 March,all,blow.sheep,im only in for the gameplay and 2B's♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,524220,30628524,Posted: 19 March,all,UnicornsLikeABos,Fun and beautiful game. Slight frame drops on cut scenes but otherwise solid 60fps.
,Recommended,524220,30628590,Posted: 19 March,all,AJ_ClickBeast,Brilliant game.
,Recommended,524220,30631397,Posted: 20 March,all,ˣꝰ,"Absolutely loving this game. It's much more enjoyable if you plug in a controller like it was intended. My only complaint is a minor one, the choppy pre-rendered cutscenes. Hard mode is definitely quite hard and bosses are kicking my♥♥♥♥♥ The atmoshere is great. Would recommend."
,Recommended,524220,30644975,Posted: 20 March,all,Monkeyonabus,"So I personally don't write reviews for games, think I have one more other than this. However Nier breaks that trend, currently I have 2 hours game time, and I have to say it has the potential to be very good. There's many things in the game, from fishing to riding moose, and im sure there will be even more the more I play through it. I'm personally doing a let's play of it on my personal YouTube channel and as a result I'm only playing on Normal, but it still gives an enjoyable challenge.If you would like a physical view of what the game looks like and plays, without paying first. Feel free to watch my Let's Play:https://youtu.be/o-FkMcrXmmU?list=PLVr1Wv8hcz3-X9nlVogTKGJX5x0SGy4tM"
,Recommended,524220,30609324,Posted: 19 March,all,TheGodHand,You think you're a badass for beating Dante Must Die in DMC3? Or maybe beating a crit level 1 run in KH2FM? Beating God Hand? Completing Monster Hunter Freedom Unite G Rank solo? YOU HAVEN'T SEEN♥♥♥♥♥♥ THE TUTORIAL WILL KICK YOUR♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,524220,30645695,Posted: 20 March,all,Kitchen Soap,"Will never forget this game. Game of the year for me hands down.I went into the game pretty hyped, but it blew my expectations away. Usually it's the opposite.Play every ending (A-E)The first two endings may confuse you a little, but push through. C is where things start getting really good. Like can't walk away from the game good.Thank you Yoko Taro. Thank you Keiichi Okabe, Keigo Hoashi. Your music was incredible."
,Recommended,524220,30648823,Posted: 21 March,all,JohnMagnetron,"This game is epic!The negative reviews are from people who have issues running this game.For example: the game has a bugged fullscreen.But you could just install borderlessgaming and run it in fullscreen without buggs.Pros:The combat is realy challenging and doesn't feel repetitive.Nier has the most epic bossfights that I have ever seen in a videogame(And I played a lot games).The world is beau-ti-full, and I don't mean that this game has the best graphics that I have ever seen, I mean that this game has an awesome world design with different unique areas.The game is weird, and I mean that in a good way.Nier is a serious game but some conversations with the npc's and the choises that you have are hilarious.In most games the main characters feel fake and they don't have emotions.In Nier are all the characters robots, but I really care about them and I am really interested in them ,They feel more real than humans in other games.The cutcenes and story in general are really good.Lots of things happen and I always want to continue playing.There are a lot of endings(26) and you could change your difficulty to really challenging, so the replay value is really high.Cons:The game could use some patches but it is playable and you should play it.Like I said the fullscreen is bugged.It has a nice intro but when you die, you have to start the whole game again(Only in the first mission)Why is the camera always pointing to her underwear?This game has awesome battle music but some music is just weird (in my opinion).ConclusionI think that this could be one of the best games of 2017, and I highly recommend that you try it yourself.This game gets a 9,5 in my opinion.Go and buy this game haha.xoxo JohnMagnetron"
,Recommended,524220,30650444,Posted: 21 March,all,Thunder M.O.B.,♥♥♥♥in dank♥♥♥♥♥game m8
76561198108359830,Recommended,524220,30645975,Posted: 20 March,all,suprime,"amazeing game, legitimently one for the ages, stunning story, combat, feels, EVERYTHING, there is nothing i can knock or even attempt to be negitive about this game, i absolutely recommend it,though if you decide to be  brave try the higher difficultys, they WILL brutally beat your bravery out of you, in the best possible way of course"
,Recommended,524220,30628654,Posted: 19 March,all,RhoNaught,"Finally got the game working by reverting the version of my GPU driver, and holy crap its such an amazing game. 2 hours have never been so fast in my life. Oh, and 2B booty ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,524220,30649256,Posted: 21 March,all,Your Kneesocks,"THIS GAME LEFT ME IN PIECES AND I'M SLOWLY PICKING THEM UP ONE BY ONE.On a more serious note, climb every ladder you can on your first play-through :^) No but seriously, I recommend taking your time in the first play-through, do whatever sidequesting you can. Ofcourse you will still be able to go back in the game and do them all after you finish all of the story but trust me you wanna spend more time playing those characters while you can before moving towards the end of the story.I regret partially rushing through the story. However, the game itself kinda has a lot of plotholes which I won't leave any spoilers here and just hope that there will be DLCs to fill those up.This is all just my opinion, how I feel about the game and my suggestion on it. How you decide to play it is all upto you! In the end, Simply enjoy this masterpiece!"
76561198011470610,Recommended,524220,30650513,Posted: 21 March,all,S-t-ray-Rodrynn Kapten,Butts galore 11/10
,Recommended,524220,30645004,Posted: 20 March,all,Peeps (NPC),"This game gives you so many different perspectives to see through and so many choices/quests that allow you to ""create your own ending"" (endings A-Z). I have played 32.6 hours since launch and have enjoyed every second of this game! I will be surprised if this is not game of the year!"
,Recommended,524220,30644918,Posted: 20 March,all,Marquez,"IntroductionNieR: Automata is a spin-off sequel of the original NieR. In NieR: Automata you play as highly advanced androids in a battle against machines to help an almost extinct mankind, all the while figuring out their origin and reasons for their actions.In this review I will use a 1 to 10 grading scale and provide summaries of several aspects of this game such as graphics, gameplay, sound and story.(WARNING: May contain minor spoilers)Gameplay:9/10The gameplay itself contains various elements of a typical RPG game such as a large open world with various characters and NPCs that give you objectives to gain items, weapons and upgrades for your battles. There are several methods of combat ranging from your typical hack-n-slash to a retro arcade shooter. All forms of combat are pleasing in their own way and have their own pros and cons. The most rewarding would be the usual direct combat with various forms of weapons such as swords, lances, fists and so on. Each weapon has its own animations and can be paired seamlessly with another for a dynamic and satisfying combat experience suitable for almost any playstyle. The controls themselves are difficult on a keyboard and mouse due to all the movements and funky camera  but much easier on a regular controller since this game was originally designed with consoles in mind. The UI is simplistic and easy to navigate, plus it doesn't obstruct your view and can be easy access at almost any moment. The chip system is easy to understand and adds an extra element to your personal gameplay experience where certain chips are suited for certain playstyles to help you through the more difficult parts of the game without forcing you to play a way you don't want to play.Overall, the gameplay isn't necessarily groundbreaking but it's enjoyable enough to keep me engaged and active in world without feeling like a chore throughout the whole game. Side quests can be a bore but can lead to some great rewards and useful information regarding the story and the characters involved.Graphics:9/10The main characters are nicely detailed along with their weapons and combat units, but NPCs and secondary characters aren't as detailed and can appear blocky at times. The enemies themselves are also nicely detailed even though the simplest ones look like trash cans with arms and legs but the more complex enemies and bosses are nice to look at and at times intimidating. The world itself is not over the top like other high end games but detailed enough to create a suitable atmosphere for the game while pleasing to look at a majority of the time. During combat moves aren't overly flashy and dramatic but with good intention since it makes combat more fluid and not cluttered with unnecessary flashes and explosions to cause distractions.Overall, the graphics are nicely done and do their job to make the game look good but there are definitely other games with better graphics out there. It represents its main areas of focus such as lead characters and enemies very nicely but lags behind with secondary characters and NPCs which can look bland and repetive at times.Sound:9.5/10The sounds and music work beautifully with the game and really help create the right mood and atmosphere for the various locations and combat. Even during the more intense fights the music changes slightly to accommodate with the intensity and really helps create a sense of urgency. Each location has its own theme music without seperating itself from the overall theme of game which makes travelling and sightseeing much more bearable and worthwhile. Most of the main characters and a few NPCs have any real voice lines but in the moments where there is dialog the voice actors do a good job of expressing their emotions while keeping with the personality of their character. The machines can get a little annoying to listen to after awhile but not enough to ruin the gameplay.Overall, the sounds and music of this game are very enjoyable and one of its strong points. There were a few moments where the music got annoying along with some repetive sounds but that comes from personal preference and not from the game itself.Story:10/10The main purpose of this is game along with the combat is its story telling. At first your thrust into a world where a lot of things don't make sense but as you go along and try to make more sense of it, another question arises that forces you to go deeper to find the truth. Even specific side quests and stories have their own intrigue which in the end can ultimately help you make sense of the bigger picture. The main characters themselves also develop a better understanding of who they are as the game progresses as well as understanding why things are what they are, forcing them to tackle with their own logic and sense of purpose.Overall, figuring out the lore and ultimate purpose of the game made everything worthwhile. Even at times when the gameplay got repetive and things didn't make any sense, the game does an excellent job of explaining things in the end and leaving you satisfied for completing even the more difficult aspects of the game.Optimization:8/10Like most ports, the game optimization isn't perfect but not game-breaking either. Certain cutscenes are laggy even though the entire gameplay as a whole was smooth at the highest settings. Load times were quick and transitioning from location to location didn't cause any dips or stutters. All the characters showed little to no clipping and all the animations worked fine aside from some strange hit boxes. Graphic settings are simple like on most consoles although some players have reported a buggy fullscreen setting that didn't display the resolution properly, but is currently fixed with Borderless window.Overall, the game is perfectly playable aside from some kinks here and there.Final Score:9/10I wasn't convinced about the game my first few hours in to it but as I started figuring out more and more about the game and its lore, I got more and more hooked until I played solely to figure everything out in the end. Although you would find the same gameplay experience in most Square Enix games, the story itself made it a worthwhile buy in the end.**Please keep in mind a major aspect of the gameplay is the multiple endings. Even though doing multiple playthroughs seems tedious, its necessary to experience the full scope of the game since you play the game as a different character in a seperate playthrough with the proper save file. The main quests aren't too long and do just enough to maintain a steady pace, all the while appreciating what the story has to offer."
,Recommended,524220,30689709,Posted: 23 March,all,Morgue,"I love this game. The 'Open' feel to it, right down to the flow of the battles.I've heard so many complaints about the difficulty, but honestly it feels like it's more a ""User issue"" than a game issue overall.Keep a calm head, listen for the cues, and dodge! :) Also don't forget you have a pod that can shoot! Utilize the battlefield to the fullest potential and game on!Love this game so damn much."
,Recommended,524220,30678548,Posted: 22 March,all,rko,"This is a Platinum Games game. As such, it demands more than one playthrough. If you put in around 20-30 hours, you should be able to play through all of it three or four times, while consuming most of the story and lore.If you do this, you get rewarded. While it may seem like a bother, it is well worth your time.NieR:Automata is a hell of a game. Gameplay wise, it is amazing. The combat is as challenging as you want it to be, and can be downright excruciating at times. However, it never ceases to be fun. The story is engaging, and interesting. The characters are loveable, hatable and anything in between. It has a lot of emotion, and a lot of personality. While it isn't the most beautiful game ever made, it is a lot better looking than it ""needs to be"".Keiichi Okabe is in charge of the sound production, so you are in for a serious treat. Emi Evans is also part of the sound staff. This game has THE BEST original soundtracks and atmospheric music I have ever come across. The japanese ending OST gave me chills. This game is meant to be enjoyed with a pair of good headsets or speakers. Soak in the sound and the atmosphere.I haven't had a game experience like this since Mass Effect 2 in 2010. It is a lot better than ME2. In my eyes, this game is a solid 10/10. Best game I ever played."
76561198077890948,Recommended,524220,30683294,Posted: 23 March,all,Ninja,"I have so many things to say but I have a hole in my heart, I do not know where to start, I do not know what to say and how to say it, I'm just going to say what I get spontaneously, the truth that it's been a long time since I played such a game Beautiful, I thank Taro Yoko for such a beautiful story, after finishing the 4 main finals I feel sad because the story is very cute and I still have many questions ... what's next? I wish I could stay alive so I can follow this wonderful story, I just hope I can stay alive so I can play it, thanks Taro Yoko for this masterpiece Industry and gaming community gaming needed something beautiful like this game"
76561198066661533,Recommended,524220,30658506,Posted: 21 March,all,LightningRican,the credits made me cry like a ♥♥♥♥♥/10Yoko Taro Does it again
76561198131898481,Recommended,524220,30707388,Posted: 24 March,all,AGENT,The game it self very fun BUT i cant play actual full screen native res it down sampled ive tried using the quick fixes and borderless fullscreen but then my game bugs and theres a frozen image over what im actually playing
,Recommended,524220,30707079,Posted: 24 March,all,Druk,"Game kicked my♥♥♥♥♥for 9 hours in the first mission(I love hard mode, since witcher 3). 42 hours later, I got nothing to show for it, other than achievements and missing bosses I'll have to grind back to.The game is damn good, I mean, while the story is kinda easy to predict, it's still worth going for it.Gameplay has all all the variety from Platinum and a bit more, you got guns, barehand, swords, greatswords, spears, lasers, missiles, super-tech-magic stuff, and you can combine it to suit your style(combat bracers and spears were my groove there).As for a Yoko Taro story, it's my first one, I really liked it, though, I don't think I'll be tackling all of Drakengard and NIer any time soon.The visuals are really cool. The whole world is not that big, dont' expect Skyrim size of open world, but very varied.The character design was astounding. Though, I was never a fan or A2's design. I guess we all have our favorites.Now, on to the technical issues, this game has them, in spades, sadly, not well optimized, prone to freezing, graphical crashes, that 900p. They were not a deal breaker for me, since I saved often, and I play modded Skyrim, so I got CTDs down. I really hope they fix it, since they are only technical issues, they are meant to be fixed at some point or well, look around for workarounds, that's PC gaming for ya.Aside from that, totally recommmended, at least get it during a steam offer or for like a 20% discount."
,Recommended,524220,30667755,Posted: 22 March,all,frosty,"Great gameplay and a good story. The game takes multiple playthroughs to get the whole story, but the payoff is worth it."
76561198009721287,Recommended,524220,30709761,Posted: 24 March,all,Rain Zarvan,-Great soundtrack-Great story-Great fighting mechanics that can give you a challenge depending on chosen difficultyA very good game if you want to play something you will remember in the future as somethingthought provoking.
,Recommended,524220,30740605,Posted: 25 March,all,Tearyeyes,"The port may have some minor issues that still need fixing, but the game is a blast nevertheless."
,Recommended,524220,30629015,Posted: 19 March,all,Mr Gentleman,"Went in for the 2B bootyStayed for the beautiful music, great story, and well developed combat.My only problem with this game is the (current) Fullscreen issues and the locked 60 FPS(This also causes the cutscenes to drop to 30 FPS or sometimes even less)Currently playing windowed gives the best performance.If you can get past that one issue, you can easily enjoy this game.*Edited 3/26/17*With the rise of community support on this game. Patchers and fixes are showing up like crazy! I can no run this game very smoothy and do it at above 1080P! Now, if you'd rather wait until an official fix comes out you can. But if you're really eager to get into this wonderful game it is very easy to install the mods and get it running optimaly! I just beat endings A and B and my god is this game fantastic and rich in story! You feel for these characters from minute one and you will keep feeling for them long after you put the game down! Not a flawless launch but this is still a game you should own in your steam library! I give it a solid 9.25/10"
,Recommended,524220,30743533,Posted: 25 March,all,Imperishable_NEET,"Love what I've played so far (2b a qt!), but god damn, this isn't ""Difficult but Fair"" - it's frustrating for all the wrong reasons. ♥♥♥♥ up and die in the tutorial, and you gotta play it all over again. It's way more punishing than actually difficult. The ""tutorial"" is over an hour long, with multiple bossfights. Hope you enjoy Groundhog Day.If you're gonna play this, make sure you have a lot of free time. The game explicitly warns you there are no auto-saves. Git gud or die hard."
,Recommended,524220,30713380,Posted: 24 March,all,Shuei,"Excellent game, but terrible PC optimization.I'll start with this issue: the optimization is awful. It had me drop the game's resolution to 1600x1200 while my screen can support 1980x1080, and even this sacrifice couldn't make me play at more than 30FPS (mostly 25 in open world) with medium settings. It's been very hard to adapt to such low FPS. Furthermore, the keyboard controls (yes, I forgot my controller at home before leaving but couldn't wait to get it back to start playing this game) include some issues such as the dodging system, which requires you to double tap a direction key (WASD) instead of taping one key while moving. Navigating between usable items without opening the main menu is pretty tough as well, so what I did basically was binding the keys to my mouse and it works just fine.Enough of these system issues, let's now talk about the game. It is a true masterpiece. The main scenario is great, even though it is a little bit too short, but it doesn't really matter because the game is based on replaying the story several times to get every single spark of awesomeness this game can bring. The sidequests are even more excellent, the feeling of saving a fellow android or seeing machines think about what they can bring to the world they live in is a great experience and made me think about our own life as humans.In addition to a incredible scenario, what I HAVE to talk about is the OST. IT. IS. AMAZING! I seldom heared anything that good in a videogame to be honest. Chills, tears, happiness, fear, motivation, these are 5 of the countless feelings the different soundtracks brought me while playing. They contribute widely to an absolutely immersing environment.I could give more and more good points, but I have to make it a bit shorter (eh), so I'll just write down the only thing that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off: I really didn't enjoy being forced to playing 9S while doing some VERY important sidequests or roaming to find hidden chests. I think every character should've acquired the ability of hacking after completing routes A, B and C/D. Don't get me wrong, I like the character and the way it evolves through the entire story, but damn I would just like to play the other characters! But they keep forcing me into playing him because he's the only one who can hack things.Anyway, I HIGHLY recommend this game for anyone who likes RPG's. Though I think the PC version is not optimized at all, I think a better PC setup would actually make it run way more smoothely than my PC does. Still, running it in HQ would require a very powerful setup in my opinion.Have fun playing NieR: Automata!"
76561198062781527,Recommended,524220,30714479,Posted: 24 March,all,Repy,"So far the game has been a real joy; the story is engaging and the gameplay is very fluid and responsive with great narrative. Also, 2B's.... charms are a relief of an experience ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)There are some frame stutterings in cutscenes, that is because they were rendered in 900p 30 FPS (which i really do not understand why), but other than this minor incovenience the game runs in a stable 60 FPS with no problem.All in all, i give it a 9.5 out of 2B's butt.  So now that you are reading this, go ahead my friend. Purchase this game with no worries!"
76561197972924719,Recommended,524220,30607237,Posted: 18 March,all,Sadoul,"I played about 80 Hours and got the plat trophy for the Japanese PS4 version. I won't say too much about the story, but if you have even a little interest in this game, you owe it to yourself to make sure you start your 3rd playthrough, just trust me.The gameplay isn't flawless, Platinum rarely is, you tend to get their extreme highs along with some rough edges. Theres some bland boss segments, a forced walking segment with enemies who can attack and stagger you(just an aggravating moment at a high story beat). The space shooter stuff is fun, but too easy, probably figured the play testers had trouble and toned it down or something. ♥♥♥♥it, the good is way better than the slightly agitating.Overall, the original Nier is a masterpiece of storytelling, but the gameplay is far from refined. I feel confident saying that Nier: Automata doesn't just bring an extremely good story and characters without making you deal with mediocre gameplay, but Nier:Automata brings all the Yoko Taro story with truly wonderful, smooth and satisfying P+ gameplay.You know that feeling you get the moment you control a Platinum game? Yeah, you get that and a lot of feels, what more could you want."
,Recommended,524220,30859083,Posted: 31 March,all,Rachnera Arachnera,Absoloutely one of the best games of the decade.
76561198075636779,Recommended,524220,30820754,Posted: 29 March,all,Ovva9000,"At around 15 hours with this game I reached ending A. At that point I thought I had a pretty solid grasp of this game, and I was impressed enough to write a review (first time I've ever done that). After another 15 hours and 7 more endings, I can say with absolute confidence that ending A was nowhere nier (ha) what this game has to offer. This game truly blew me away.The story of this game starts off intriguing but a bit slow. Stick with it however, and you'll be rewarded with an above average experience as you finish ending A. However, the game truly shines once you return to the menu and start the game again. Side quests and boss encounters that seemed mysterious or pointless are suddenly filled with meaning and powerful emotion. The characters and their relationships are fleshed out so much further that you feel a genuine connection to all of them. The gameplay continues to astound and never ceases to surprise. Although 26 endings may be too many for some people, you really only have to play to ending E in order to experience the ""main"" story of the game and this is absolutely worth it.I cannot possibly give this game a higher recommendation. Nier:Automata is a masterpiece and has reached my top 5 games of all time list and I hope that you give it a shot too. And if all this doesn't convince you at least give it a shot for 2B's♥♥♥♥♥..tounding sword skills ;)."
,Recommended,524220,30607127,Posted: 18 March,all,Delissi,"Really fun game, I have had a smile ear to ear the whole time I've been playing. Combat is smooth as silk but I strongly recomend using a controler as the dodge with the keyboard is not as fluid."
,Recommended,524220,30616190,Posted: 19 March,all,Honeybunny,"TL;DR: Buy the game.No seriously. It's great. But since nothing is allowed to be perfect, let's get the few issues it has out of the way.Fullscreen mode: Full HD doesn't work here. Force the game into borderless window mode (I used 3rd party software) to fix this.Controller Support: I think it's weird that it came out on PS4 and the Steam version only has ""Partial Controller Support"". After some annoying configuration and looking at the unskippable cutscene at the beginning over and over again for testing purposes, I got it to work perfectly with the Steam Controller.Ingame Issues: Apart from some confusing invisible walls and one boss fight where the game switched to a top down view without warning I haven't found any as of now.Now to the positive aspects of the game.Art Style: 10/10I absolutelylovethe way the game looks and sounds. The often monotonous colours work perfectly with the post-apocalyptic setting, while the locations with vivid vegetation and some wildlife highlight the fact that it was only humanity that was exiled, life itself prevails. In contrast to the deserted surface of the earth, the game features a gorgeous soundtrack with a wide range of acoustic colour.And probably the best thing about the design of this game is the machine population. They look almost cute but very sad at the same time. Just the way they look and move already begs the question ""what is their purpose?"". They are said to have no emotions but are clearly designed to look helpless, dangerous, depressed and full of hatred, all at the same time and I love it.Gameplay: 9/10The combat is quick paced and extremely fluid. One of the aspects I like a lot is the fact that the game allows you to cancel attacks with jumps and dodges within certain timeframes. Not being locked into your attack animation for almost a second makes the game feel a lot less clunky than some others of the genre and makes for a smooth experience. The visuals needed to identify enemy attacks are very clear and easy to identify. Just the audiovisual feedback for taking damage yourself lacks a bit, at least until you get to low health. Which isn't an issue on the hardest difficulty, since you're going to die in one hit anyways.Boss battles are a lot of fun and pretty diverse.Within my playtime I've fought a drilling rig, a tank that shoots confetti and a murderous opera singer that's obsessed with beauty.Price: AppropriateAn important issue with video games (at least for me) is the price. In the days of companies offering early access games for 100€ +DLC it's refreshing to see a full price game actually not being a cashgrab. There are no paid DLCs as of now and  I haven't heard of any being announced. The game is finished at release, runs smoothly and is a complete game experience as it is. Whichshouldbe the standard for games."
76561198302498748,Recommended,524220,30764598,Posted: 26 March,all,Redyan,"playing on a gtx 1050 ti on a labtop, game is great with no crash for me. i lowerd res to 900p to get better fps with higher graphics"
,Recommended,524220,30595571,Posted: 18 March,all,Hakn,"Great gameplay,Excelent♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197993364454,Recommended,524220,30608567,Posted: 18 March,all,Vic,Solid 60fps with gtx1080.Needs utility called Borderless Gaming (from Steam or github) to play in it's current state because fullscreen mode is bugged and upscales from some low-rez.But with Borderless Gaming it works fine.Save system is weird for a modern game - can't save during the first hour+. After that there are some save points on the map a'la FFX.Cutsceens are jarringly low fps.Gameplay is fun.
,Recommended,524220,30616126,Posted: 19 March,all,Lord Farquaad,"10/10If you're new to Nier or played the previous then this is a must buy.Supports ultrawide, 4K etc but is capped at 60fps and 30fps for cutscenes.Story is very engaging and game play is fun. Switches between hack'n'slash, bullet hell, side scroller and does it prefectly.As like the previous Nier game you will need to complete this game more than once and it is different each time so plently of hours for you to get through.-edit-I have been playing this game with a pad. This game is made around a game pad and i would reccomend to use it rather then keyboard and mouse."
,Recommended,524220,30631611,Posted: 20 March,all,No pervert! You're the pervert!,"I bought this game because I played Furi and loved it, and the original NieR game was cited as one of the main inspirations behind Furi. So, I came into this with pretty high expectations, seeing as a game I really enjoyed was supposed to be an imitation of sorts.I was not disappointed.The characters were well written, the story was interesting and thought-provoking, the gameplay was solid overall, with a few minor blips here and there, and the soundtrack and voice acting were absolutely wonderful.I'll divide the rest of this review into a few separate categories.Gameplay8.5/10The fighting is extremely satisfying, and the animations are very well done.There's some depth to the combat, but it's actually quite shallow for a Platinum Games production.The enemy AI isn't exactly anything to write home about. It's fairly easy to take on enemies that are many levels above you, as long as they are alone. It just takes a long time.The boss fights are, generally, very well done.My biggest issue with the gameplay is the lack of difficulty. Even on Hard mode, I only found myself dying repeatedly in the Bullet Hell sections (I've never been good at those games).Although I don't pretend to know much about Bullet Hell games, those sections in this game seemed to be well made. A big hindrance, though, was that the camera angles would sometimes make it unclear on which axis you were moving, leading to more than a few frustrating deaths.Overall, the gameplay is very solid and fun, not to mention satisfying. It just has a few issues holding it back.Story9.5/10Disclaimer: The game's story has a very melancholy tone. Don't play this game if you want to be cheered up. However, if you want to be pulled in to a thought provoking story, then you should definitely check it out.I may be slightly biased, because I've always loved the conundrum that would be a true Artificial Intelligence. Is it truly alive? Would it deserve the same rights that humans enjoy? Could something that is completely artificial have real feelings?Without spoiling anything, because I feel this is a game that is best played without having any idea about the story, the story is fantastic. For the first time since playing The Witcher 3 back in 2015, I completely immersed myself in the world of the game. I genuinely cared about the characters and their feelings.There are technically 26 endings to the game, though 21 of those are basically just jokes, and there are 5 real endings (A, B, C, D, and E). You get ending A the first time you finish, and you have to replay the game through a different perspective to unlock the other endings. It's definitely worth it, though, as there is enough new content in the second play through to keep it fresh, and the other three endings are breathtakingly beautiful and sad at the same time.This game is definitely one of my favorite stories of all time. Not just in a video game, but in literature and film as well.Sound10/10The soundtrack of this game is absolutely stunning. All of the music fit very well thematically, and was a nice listen to boot. I don't think a single person could find a fault with the soundtrack in this game unless they hate music.The voice acting was also very good. The Japanese actors knocked it out of the park. They did a fantastic job of conveying the emotions of the characters. I can't speak to the performance of the English Voice Actors in this game, though, because I used the Japanese VA, so if you plan on using the English VA keep in mind that your experience could be completely different.My Final Score: 9.25/10Overall, I immensely enjoyed my experience with this game. The gameplay was very enjoyable, though maybe a bit too easy for my tastes. The story was engaging and kept me interested the whole way through. The music and voice acting was extremely good and helped enhance my experience. Overall, this is one of my favorite games of all time and I wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone who thinks they are interested.Thank you for taking the time to read my review. This is my first long-form review ever, so please let me know what you think and what I can improve on."
,Recommended,524220,30763375,Posted: 26 March,all,𝙖𝙘𝙪𝙧𝙞𝙭,"I love the game, but the settings on the port are very dissapointing, its quite hard to control."
,Recommended,524220,30767076,Posted: 26 March,all,Ferrio,One of the best games ever made.
76561198070542458,Recommended,524220,30580399,Posted: 17 March,all,Frost2779,"I have to say I was very much looking forward to Nier, and I was not disappointed in the slightest. I know you don't want me to get into a long paragraph so i'll hop into the pros, cons, and then what I think about NieR as a whole.PROS:-Great visuals-Great audio and music-Combat feels smooth and fluid-The voice acting is good-I find myself caring and sympathizing for the major characters-Gives a Dark Souls esk feel to a certain degree-The world is large, open, vibrant, and rewards exploration. With the world having a large sence of contrast between different areas.-Interesting story that gets right into it and doesn't break flow very often-Constantly switches to and from third person and top down combat that keeps things fresh and from getting to staleCONS:-Not everything is voice acted. There are quite a few conversations between characters, even early on in the game, that have no voices from either character that really kills the flow and immersion. Though for everything story related is fully voice acted.-The cutscenes are nowhere near 60fps, so if you run the game at a constant 60, then a cutscene pops up, it will seem very laggy.In conclusion I full heatedly recommend NieR:automana to anyone who is thinking about buying it. The amount of content, as well as the quality of it, you get within the game is well worth the $60 price tag. I've been hearing a lot about people having constant crashes with the game ot bugs with fullscreen, however, in the time I have played so far I haven't encountered a single issue so far."
,Recommended,524220,30679894,Posted: 22 March,all,lewtt,"pros: great music, atmospheric visuals, deep yet intuitive combat, interesting gameplay mixupcons: it came out during my finals week"
,Recommended,524220,30577108,Posted: 17 March,all,oizen,Like Metal Gear Rising except with Waifus2b best girl10/10would waifu again
76561198004754662,Recommended,524220,30757760,Posted: 26 March,all,Kirby,a Yoko Taro game
,Recommended,524220,30676128,Posted: 22 March,all,KawaiiSocks,The most creative use of endgame credits to-date.
,Recommended,524220,30600342,Posted: 18 March,all,Monosis,"Visionary.I always disliked that word. It always seemed to refer to cult, artsy movies that no one understands.Yet there really isn't a better word to describe this work of art.Recently, most games and movies I've experienced feel like fast-food: they may be good fast-food but none were truly memorable. This game is not one of them.Is it a perfect game gameplay wise? No.Does it have high end graphics? No.Is all dialogue voiced? No.But it's the most thought provoking game I've ever played. This game takes ludonarrative dissonance by the hand and say ""it's alright."" It's weird, it has a kickass soundtrack, it has the best credits ever, it's sad, contemplative. It will make you feel and make you question a lot of different things.If you finish this game (and I mean really finish it), it will likely forever change your perception of videogames as a medium for art and self-expression.In short, it is truly visionary.The question that remains is ""is it for me?""If you never heard of Yoko Taro before (I hadn't prior to this title), I strongly recommend two videos:Philosophies of Violence -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LD6xCLlF5dYMaking weird games for weird people -https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OO_d3fwTNPoIf his opinions interest you, if the questions he raises resonate with you, I can safely say: this is a game for you.p.s.: this cannot continue."
,Recommended,524220,30711502,Posted: 24 March,all,EskimoWolf,I enjoyed the combat in this game along with it's sense of scale.
76561198048563193,Recommended,524220,30711976,Posted: 24 March,all,COOL SHAVIN' KEN,"The much anticipated sequel to the GOTY 2016 ""Nier Automata Demo"""
76561198074787994,Recommended,524220,30754076,Posted: 26 March,all,Imatty,"NieR:Automata™ is one of the most beautiful games i have ever played. It has an Amazing story, gameplay, soundtrack and is Guaranteed to have you shed some tears at the endings.Remember to get aleast 3 playthroughs to get the full storyending A and B = first halfnext ending = second half"
,Recommended,524220,30750472,Posted: 26 March,all,Clover,I accidently deleted my saved data...Will delete saves again. 11/10 IGN
,Recommended,524220,30745742,Posted: 26 March,all,KaiSforza,"This game is probably one of my top 5 games of all time. The story is told so perfectly. I played this game for only a couple of days because it was just impossible to put down. Yoko Taro has outdone himself. Having not played the original Nier games, there was some confusion at first, but even so the game does a good job of leaving hints for you to find. On top of that, Keiichi Okabe's score is breathtaking. Not only are the tracks well-done, but each song has been tailor made for the mood of the area or time.If you play on the higher difficulties, there are some awful parts that you might die at, but overall it's well-paced and the checkpoints are plentiful, but not overwhelming. If you want the best experience, I'd recommend doing the first mission on normal, and then switching the difficulty to hard or very hard.This is not a game I'll soon forget. Not for the butt, which to be honest is glorious on its own, but actually for the game itself. If you have the chance, buy this game, whether it's on sale or not, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,524220,30715920,Posted: 24 March,all,Anubis,"NieR:Automata is a game that will absolutely live up to your expectations, and will manage to captivate you from start to finish, and surprise you at every opportunity, I can say that this is a product of the absolute best from everyone's favourite madman Yoko Taro, the beloved Japanese dev Platinum Games and everyone else involved. Featuring some of the best hack and slash gameplay mixed in with excellent Action RPG elements, with that special flavour of gameplay people have come to expect from Platinum. Mix this with the brain and genius of Yoko Taro, and add the finishing touches with a gorgeous soundtrack with original pieces and also Remixed classics from the original NieR. The combat in this game being a mix between Hack and slash and bullet hell is a breath of fresh air in terms of uniqueness and is definitely a fun one at that.This game is essentially a mastepiece, and if you're a fan of japanese games, you OWE it to yourself to play this game"
,Recommended,524220,30626827,Posted: 19 March,all,Duranbong,"Let's face it, this port is seriously sub-par. Fullscreen only has one resolution that works, cutscenes are jerky and have weird bars at the top and bottom of the screen, and the game just doesn't seem to know how to load anything. Hacking during combat is immersion breaking because it sometimes takes up to 10 seconds for the minigame to appear. I once stepped into a room only to watch all of the npcs in it fall into a bottomless pit, because they spawned before the floor did.But the fact is, I would still recommend this game. The gameplay is fun and engaging, though you'll want a gamepad and to rebind some controls unless you have two thumbs on your right hand. Even on higher difficulties, whenever you die it's because of a mistake you made and that's what makes me want to keep trying at it. The soundtrack is beyond excellent. The story and characters are compelling, and only get moreso as the game continues.If you think the port issues are going to be too much of an issue for you, hold off until this gets some patches. Otherwise, this is a great game that should absolutely be on your list."
,Recommended,524220,30576419,Posted: 17 March,all,General Lee Aroused,"A wholesome Christian game, with no lewd content whatsoever.Featuring butts."
,Recommended,524220,30677724,Posted: 22 March,all,Captain Terd Balls,"NieR: Automata is heavy on the element of surprise and makes me appreciate Japanese design philosphy. It's like the best PS2 game that never was. Pure action with some layers of JRPG elements. Fantastic soundtrack. Performance kind of sucks if you play on 1080 resolution or higher. Also, play this on a controller and go into it as a classic console experience.  If you grew up playing games like Devil May Cry and Metal Gear Solid, then go for NieR: Automata. Support Platinum Games and hope we get a Vanquish port soon!"
,Recommended,524220,30661996,Posted: 21 March,all,Hammer of Dom,"I've been waiting for this game for some time and I have to say it lived up to my expectations. As of writing I have completed all 5 of the primary endings.Before I continue, I'd like to say that I didn't have any of the technical issues other's have been having with the exception of the graphical lag, although I fixed that 30 seconds into the first fight by dropping the resolution from 4k to something less.The game is an interesting mix of MGR:R/Bullet Hell/and Dark Souls. The combat is classic Platinum fare, and fights can go from close combat to range quite quickly, requiring you to dodge or shoot enemy ranged attacks. Additionally if you die, your body will be there for you to try to grab to reaquire your upgrades or be lost forever.There is a lot I could say about what the game is trying to tell you, but that would spoil the fun. I went into this completely blind with the exception of the E3 demo and a combat tech demo. Doing that was a fantastic choice as everything felt fresh, and the only thing I could recommend is turning away from any kind of information on the story until you start up the game yourself.Also, special thanks to the player accounts known as:ArchlordTrippArkwrightApotheosisBrenzikKitsuHiddenhuntWrNiaMrMelYou know what you did."
76561198138716775,Recommended,524220,30677547,Posted: 22 March,all,EWR_Jolt.exe,"I haven't played much of the game, I'm about an hour and a half in but I love it. I do highly recommend using a controller to play this game because keyboard controls are not fun to play with and are actually kind of difficult to use honestly. If you use a PS4 controller like I do, just be warned that the layout in the control scheme is for Xbox. There is some problems that I've had where my controller stops doing most things and I have to resort to my keyboard. Other than that, this game is amazing so far."
,Recommended,524220,30677700,Posted: 22 March,all,BaboGum,"Lets just say Nier: Automata robbed 16 hours of my life on Day 1 of its release and I do not regret it at all. The love for this game to other gamers is no joke. Its amazing Soundtrack, Story, Characters, Graphics, Combat System, ETC! Nier: Automata is a masterpiece! So don't let a bad minor review (not sure how that's possible) hurt an amazing game that has one of the highest ratings for 2017. Overall most bad reviews happen to be issues on individuals end, computer setup etc and so they feel the need to blame the game."
,Recommended,524220,30677832,Posted: 22 March,all,Whoa you go big guy!,"Great story, amazing music, fun gameplayYou really can't ask for more.  This is the best game for PC that has come out in 2017 so far."
,Recommended,524220,30677924,Posted: 22 March,all,trev 尻,Interesting storyline with a truly great soundtrack. And you'd be doing yourself a great disservice if you didn't give this multiple playthroughs.
76561198057895054,Recommended,524220,30677123,Posted: 22 March,all,E-OpenAI,"Got all 26 endings on ps4.Best game played in years, the true ending is both impressive and full of creativity. Character, soundtrack, game play, the emotions in this game will make me smile in years to come. It is a truly a masterpiece and one that deserve to be calledART"
76561197983369436,Recommended,524220,30579778,Posted: 17 March,all,Slut,Mah feels.
,Recommended,524220,30648650,Posted: 21 March,all,Cupressi,One of the most powerful experiences I've had playing a game in a long time.
76561198065302254,Recommended,524220,30584336,Posted: 17 March,all,sleepy brandon.,"Never had much fun within the first hour of a game in a very long time. NieR:Automata™ grabs the hack-and-slash third person genre and combines it with some bullet hell elements. Even though camera can be clunky at times, its all about finding the right ""angles"". This was the first game ever that I've played that I actually changed mouse to keyboard multiple times during fights making it a new fresh concept and fun mechanic personally. The soundtrack is nice and the graphics is phenomenal, and I haven't encountered any issues with the game so far. The characters are memorable and overall, I think I'm going to enjoy this."
76561198127531834,Recommended,524220,30663060,Posted: 21 March,all,skateordiee,best game ive played since legend of zelda ocarina of time xD
,Recommended,524220,30663071,Posted: 21 March,all,Faolan,"Well made game with an amazing soundtrack that fits its enviroment. Very deep character story and plot. Fluid combat system. Hope they fix the fps cap and some bugs, had to revert my video drivers to play, other than that it's worth my $60"
,Recommended,524220,30577231,Posted: 17 March,all,hohokuma,"I had very high expectations for this  game and it exceeded them and then some. Stay far away if you do not enjoy exploring a vast enriching environment filled with endless stuff to pickup and marvel at the scenery. The story isn't in your face about things and leaves you to your own devices to explore rather than shoving the plot down your throat. The music is absolutely stunning. I don't think I've encountered 1 area in the game where I had to turn down the sound because every song has been carefully hand picked to match whatever area you're in. The combat takes some getting used to but once you figure out the dodge system you get completely addicted to it. To address the crashes I keep seeing people mention; If you get that main menu fps lag. Update your drivers first of all, relaunch the game and there you go. (Having a computer that meets the minimum requirements helps too). All in all fantastic PC port. This is a Platinum must have."
,Recommended,524220,30729007,Posted: 25 March,all,ErrorManiac,"I just want to thank the developers, this game is really good with an intersting story that tries to catch you off guard not too much as it still wants you to figure out most things before they happen by dropping hints but if you miss some it will suprise you. The game that i though will be action all the way so great way to escape my sadness sadly or ironicly added more sadness and just shatared me. For the few days i had off work i was more depresed then I usualy allow my self to be so I was stuck feeling sad not knowing what to do even when i got the ending E it just made it worst or maybe it was so good and i just though i was sad.Now more on the actual review:Music- its amazing it fits so well even when reading some special text made in the game to learn more about character stories music changes to match the tone of pages you are reading there not too much text so you dont get too bored but enough to explain a lot and the music just made it all the more better. The sound and music this game has is one of the reason you want to keep going as it gets better and better.Gameplay- Platinumgames is behind this one so you know the combat is amazing and it really is its smooth to the point that you want to try ou so many veriation of combat styles like light and heavy weapon or two light weapons first weapons and so on. The amount of combos you can do with different weapons is huge not only that but you can have 2 different sets of weapons that you can change between any time even during combat so you can use 2 light weapons that quicly swap to 2 heavy weapons wihtout stopping your combo making this so much more fun and experimental so you wont get bored any time soon. Only problem is if you play on higher dificulity and you should as normal gets very easy fast once you put in the right chips like auto heal all of a sudden fights dont feel chalanging as much but on higher diff you can use auto aim which sadly on keyboard and mouse set up is pretty bad your mouse while it can aim its rather strange how it does it and you have to keep it moving in some parts constantly to that dirrection you want to shoot in order to keep shooting there or it will reset back to normal and you wont hit flying enemies above its not a horbile thing but still bad enough to cause problem especialy on 1hit and you die difficulity where you need to take out enemies really fast to reduce their numbers to more managable.Characters- Some complained there not enough character development but those people just did not pay any attention as there plenty of it just not as easy to spot. Not only do character change but once you learn more about them you realise why they do what they do or why they stoped doing it, even androids have feelings.Enviroment- The map is good its fun to travel around it and explore and just rewisit some places but eventualy due to side quest you start to lose interest as you have to come back to some places more than 5 times doing something ells over and over when somethign big changes or new area unlocks that fine but when you do nothing other then walk past the same area for the 3rd time as you try to complete side quest you start to get bored of it and just hate having to go back every time. That is not to say side quest are boring some are amazing giving you story about the characters the world or something ells to feel interested in sure some lack any interest as most do in any game but at least some are interesting enough to give you a reason to do them without getting bored out of your mind. there is quick travel but even the climbing in and out animations get annoying so i just started running places my self instead of using it even if it would be way faster i just felt like i rather waste that extra minute than sit and watch my self go in the tranporter.The game is fun and if you played dark souls type of games or like good combat styles game this will suit you well and even then the story it self might be enough for you to have fun untill ninjas start cutting onions.I dont know why I cared about what happened in this game so much sure I always feel sad in games when they drop the sad bombs on you but even then it last about 1h and then back to normal here even after i finished it i was left broken game offered me to save someone after ending E and I did not care what i have to give in return i just clicked it even if it kept warning me of whats at stake. Im glad i played it even if it did not leave me happy and i hope I did save someone in the game with the sacrifice i made at the end."
,Recommended,524220,30729552,Posted: 25 March,all,Tårry,Good game
,Recommended,524220,30841989,Posted: 30 March,all,Siempre,Hello all! what a great game just getting started but so far really having fun !!
76561198015174304,Recommended,524220,30838399,Posted: 30 March,all,PTLED,"If you like hack-and-slash gameplay with unique combo variations, with a great story/OST then this game is for you. Also, if you're a fan of Final Fantasy games, but dislike the turn-based style of gameplay then this game is ESPECIALLY for you. Using a keyboard and mouse is a little wonky feeling at first, but getting used to it is pretty easy. I recommend a controller for this game, however you can still play with a keyboard and mouse just fine.However, I do believe after you hit level 80 there is virtually no challenge (unless you want to play where anything in the game can 1shot you on the esteem'd ""very hard"" mode). I hope that the developers add more stuff to this game for the level 99-hard difficulty players like myself!10/10"
,Recommended,524220,30735226,Posted: 25 March,all,EnoTeK,"NieR:Automata from the get go was a story driven blast and it has a feel, that really only games directed by Yoko Taro have.  Alike its predecessors and other titles of the series it is somewhat of a twisted experience and its multiple endings serve it well. You could very well play up to the first 'good' ending and be satisfied as if it was a normal story driven RPG, but that would still leave you with a lot of unanswered questions, which came up throughout the whole experience. Very much similar to the original NieR. You then continue on to experience the story with more and more additions, granting you more insight in the happenings and eventually leading you to the final ending - Which to be honest, is perfectly executed.But the main storyline and its characters are not the only merit that this game has to offer. It on the one hand could be described as a game focussed around looting, and while that is certainly helpful it is not at all required. The whole system of fishing within the game is a simple addition, allowing you to spend some down time. The sidequests, while often fetchquests, have very interesting stories. The world offers interesting places that you can visit and the soundtrack as we've come to expect from a game within this series is phenomenal. But all these things could have been said if I was talking about the original NieR. Platinum Games brings something to the table as well. The gameplay, which was the original dampening factor has now also been upgraded to par with the story and the other elements, making this one of the best experiences in story driven gaming up to this point.So if You have any interest in this game, please give it a shot and if you find it to your liking, there are several other games in the series that you can check out. Not only that, but there are other kinds of media as well. Feel free to visit the official NieR subreddit for a summary. It truly has an interesting story.Now with all of that said. In my 60 hours of playtime, as of now, my game has crashed once, however I know that others have had worse experiences. There is a community patch out there, fixing most issues and the team is currently working on a patch of their own. So don't worry too much about it being unplayable. It is a solid port."
,Recommended,524220,30876899,Posted: 1 April,all,Mr 24/7,"Spoilers, I guess?NieR:Automata isn't a game, its an experience. I knew that this game wasn't going to be a happy one towards the end BUT I couldn't have asked for nor imagined a better way to end it. Oh, I guess the combat is pretty gud and the characters, whilst predictable, are extremly likeable and I got attached to them. The side characters also have their own motivations and conflicts that mesh together nicely without being contrived or forced, same thing goes for the ""main"" antagonists. All in all, this is a fantastic purchase and I recommend this game 100%.also people who git mad at denuvo kek :V"
76561198013675423,Recommended,524220,30889069,Posted: 1 April,all,Antonio,I bought this game expecting it to be the closest thing we'll get to Bayonetta on PC.It's so much more.  Nier Automata is genuinely one of the best games I've ever played.  Right along side Metal Gear Solid 4 and Dark Souls.  It's an absoulte masterpiece.  I'm inclined to call this my favourite game on PC.
,Recommended,524220,30867694,Posted: 31 March,all,Profoundly Broken,"I don't know where to start.This game was simply amazing and almost kept me wondering right up to the very end.For anyone that plays this game and only plays through the one time -- do _NOT_ stop playing, there is so much more to this game than it lets on.I really can't recommend this game enough...."
76561198117222628,Recommended,524220,30843390,Posted: 30 March,all,Glazz,Do it
,Recommended,524220,30869216,Posted: 31 March,all,Polliwogz,The mackerel wasexquisite.
,Recommended,524220,30868648,Posted: 31 March,all,Luminous,"This being my first and only experience with the Nier series, the game is well worth the money spent. If you take your time and do the sidequests your first playthrough will take some time. While the playthroughs after are minorly shorter comparatively (due to less sidequests being offered) they are still fun and interesting and not just ""replay the game for the sake of a little more story"".Characters feel varied and interesting introducing at least one new mechanic with each new character. Couple this with the tons of endings this game offers (from serious to gag endings) and I think the game is well worth the value. I would say it is worth the money for purchase despite some of the issues the PC version has. It might not be as long as more traditional japanese games but I can say I enjoyed every bit of the time ive spent on the game so far."
76561198062347155,Recommended,524220,30827994,Posted: 29 March,all,Myoue kun,DELETE YOUR SAVE
,Recommended,524220,30822652,Posted: 29 March,all,Ice Fox,"Came for the combat, stayed for the story and bought all the achievements."
,Recommended,524220,30827250,Posted: 29 March,all,Sikkyu,"Best game of the year.Go in blind, go in without expectations and just when you think you know everything, have it turned on its head.Highly recomend, you dont need any backstory.10/10 soundtrack[Don't lose hope][I believe in you]"
,Recommended,524220,30830728,Posted: 30 March,all,zeeks pizza,"brings new meaning to the term ""hack 'n' slash""on a more serious note maybe someday I'll come back and play this on a difficulty where I need more than the first three fingers on my right hand to deal with anything the game throws at mebut until that day I'm content with the roughly 50 hours I've clocked within the roughly five days I've owned it for (as of writing this review) and I am ready to say that despite the ps vita level graphics my laptop can accommodate, it was fun & a thorough experience & I hope yoko taro gets more money for his next game"
,Recommended,524220,30847833,Posted: 30 March,all,Yoshizawa,"Great game with a wonderful combat system and an even more amazing story. The characters all have their own unique personality, despite emotions being strictly prohibited. Seriously, this game has some of the most memorable and lovable characters of all time, ♥♥♥♥ Taro. The combat feels fluid and has endless possibilities, whether you have 100 hours or 10 minutes logged into the game, the combat just works and is easy for new players to pick up and rewards more experienced players. While the combat is good, the weapons variety feels really ""meh"" in comparison, however this is made up for by the dozens of ways you can pair them and get unique combos. The camera in this game is absolutely flawless and does its job very well, the transition from third person, to side scroller and top-down is seamless and just feels right. Enemy variety isn't the best, even though I love this game I can't lie and say that the majority of the enemies aren't just copy paste, slightly powered up versions, but despite this, you just can't get tired of fighting them, at least I don't. The NG+ type system in this game is fantastic, although it's more of ""Current Game+"". Changing perspectives after clearing the game for the first time, and then getting absolutely blown away after clearing it the second time was an amazing feeling, this game is good for what it is, though I personally feel that it lacks replayability after getting the ""true"" endings and all achievemts, which you don't even have to work for. All in all, I fully recommend this game, whether you're a gameplay or story kind of person, this game will surely fit whatever criteria you have. On a final note, to the dudes that deleted your save data, you guys are the real MVPs."
,Recommended,524220,30843827,Posted: 30 March,all,Plochman,This game is amazing.
76561198026367539,Recommended,524220,30844020,Posted: 30 March,all,Hexagoros,Simply one of the best games I have played in a long time.
,Recommended,524220,30851109,Posted: 31 March,all,Robonator,"For me, this might be the best game i have played in 2016 and so far in 2017.This review might contain minor spoilers. A small summary is down below.Nier Automata doesn't look great. It has some beautiful places and a lot more ugly places.The lightning is fantastic, the effects are just as good. Animations are really beautiful and smooth, even the transitions are really nice. Definitely better than some of the Triple A games that got released recently.They aren't perfect though, a lot of the NPC's don't move their mouth when talking to you for example.The world is relatively small, there are a lot of harder to find areas but all in all you don't need a lot of time to explore everything. Still the world isn't small either, it's just about the right size you need.There is a lot of stuff to explore and find though. Some of the weapons are well hidden.The characters all look pretty good. The models are well done and especially the protagonists look great.Ohh and dat booty...Without thecommunity-fix, the game suffers from some serious issues. There is no working fullscreen mode, the game renders at a very low resolution if you switch to fullscreen and you get constant framedrops. In the later game, the fps really go down and the cutscenes in general stutter a lot.There is a hard lock to 60fps and 30fps for the cutscenes.AMD people report getting whitescreens while playing.Soundwise the game is amazing. The SFX is well done and the general soundtrack is fantastic. If you happened to play Metal Gear Rising you will know what i mean. They even included English and Japanese versions of the songs, depending on what language you play.The voice acting is great as well. Both Japanese and English sound very good.The gameplay itself is also well done. The combat is fast and intuitive. Animations are smooth and most of the time, you don't need to worry about being locked in an animation. There is no blocking mechanic, it's either evade/dodge or eat the blow. Overall the combat is very satisfying and you get just about the right amount of feedback of your hits to feel good.The boss fights are just fantastic. Some might feel pretty easy, even if you play on hard, but overall it's just so much fun.It's not all combat though. There are some quests in which you have to find things, scan the areas, find hidden objects or play hacking minigames.The beginning of the game is pretty hard and might catch you off guard, especially because someone thought it would be a great idea to not include a single checkpoint/savepoint in the entire prologue and only give you a pretty basic tutorial. Afterwards there won't be checkpoints or autosave either, you have to find savepoints and be near them to actually save your game.If you happen to die, you lose your upgrades and need to salvage your dead body to reclaim them, similar to Dark Souls.Fitting to that, you can see where other people died and read their messages. You can either choose to salvage their corpses, or revive them to have them fight on your side for a while.There is a good amount of main and sidequests, but it's not always clear what's what. Some of the sidequests are also required to progress, so it's a good idea to do them all.Most of the time you will also get some neat rewards out of them, but even if not, they are still worth doing, because overall they are well designed.The Story of the game is... weird at the beginning. The more you play, the more you will understand, but at the same time you also might end up confused. Then you start some kind of ""New game plus"" and you get different perspectives and characters to play. You do get to keep all your stuff though. Sidequests you completed will not reappear on your next playthrough. Only if you start a completely new game. Some new quests might pop up though.The game has about 26 endings, going from A-Z. Most of them are joke endings though, which you get if, for example, you die in a specific way.Nier Automata also comes with a good portion of humor, at the same time it also made some people cry. Sometimes it really is an emotional rollercoaster.You also get the opportunity to learn a lot of the games' lore. Each item got a little description or story to it. You can also find remnants of the old world, that tell a little bit about the places you are.Bosses also have their own stories, some of which you might find out way after you already beat them.I don't know what else i could say, so here is a quick little summary of the main pros and cons:ConGraphics are nothing special.Without a community fix, the game often dips below 60fps or stutters.No working fullscreen without said fix.No borderless windowed mode.Bad controls on mouse and keyboard.Difficult prologue, basically a noobfilter.There aren't really many different enemies in the game, but it fits to the lore.Little to no communication from the developers. They promised a fix around 2 weeks ago.The only thing that changes when you crank the difficulty up is the amount of damage received.Most enemies got easy to learn/counter and repetitive patterns.ProAmazing story.Amazing soundtrack.Great character design.Very intuitive and satisfying combat and general gameplay.Easy to learn controls.A lot of different weapons with different playstylesEP, Shops, levelups, loot and upgrades.Great voice acting.Extremely fun bossfights (Even though most are a bit easy, others however might end up in a total cluster♥♥♥♥).Booty.Nier Automata is the first game in a while that made me lose track of time.I went ahead and started playing.The next time i looked at the clock, it was already early in the morning.The last time this happened was when Dragons Dogma came out for PC.If you still don't know if you should get it, let me just ask you these questions:Do you like games like MGR?Do you care about an awesome story?Are you okay with mediocre graphics?Are you okay with installing a third party fix?Would it bother you if the game doesn't feed you every bit of information and isn't guiding you by your hand through everything? (Like common triple A games. It isn't as bad as in Darksouls though.)If you answered Yes, then go and get it."
,Recommended,524220,30577621,Posted: 17 March,all,Killua Zoldyck,"Bad port, enough said. Get it on console, if you can't. I don't know what to say. :/ It's a good game, just not on PC sadly. I wanted this so bad. :( I just hope Platinum Games will step in and fix it so I can review the game and not crash 4 times at the first boss. - Previous hourNOW: This game is fun as hell. Get Borderless Gaming App from Github for free and use it to fix the resolution issue, which also solved my controller delay for some reason. And my crashing stopped! I never new it would be this simple, but I, I found a way. I found a way... PS. Framerate issues are easily solved if you just turn of Vsync and AA like a normal human being. Other than that, the Cutscenes will always be around 30 fps or less."
76561197980255566,Recommended,524220,30904719,Posted: 2 April,all,Svirfneblic Pimfernickel,"I don't often write game reviews, but here is something that goes beyond than being just a game. Like the androids themselves, Nier as whole is greater than the sum of its parts: something tragic, beautiful, inspiring and resilient. This is a game that will stick with you, and you will fondly carry the memory in your mind even after your save slots are long gone.10/10"
,Recommended,524220,30744324,Posted: 25 March,all,Infinite8,"Anything I can tell you about this game and its content would spoil it. That being said it's long, has great gameplay, lots of content, amazing story, STUPID GOOD soundtrack, and you need to ♥♥♥♥ing play it right now. Just about every ""cool"" thing a game can do gets touched on here, and it plays with your expectations a lot. If you're into action games in any capacity, this is something you can't miss out on.My complaint is that it does start a little slow. First few hours are kind of dull if you're only into action, but the story makes up the difference in my eyes."
76561198044010745,Recommended,524220,30973094,Posted: 5 April,all,waldy713,10/10 would ride Taro Yoko's wild ride again.
,Recommended,524220,30959917,Posted: 5 April,all,DJVulpus [waifu powah],One of the most cathartic experiences I've had in any medium.
,Recommended,524220,30960951,Posted: 5 April,all,Dreamwalk3r,"One of the best games ever. Just don't stop at ending A, there's a lot lot more to see."
,Recommended,524220,30697159,Posted: 23 March,all,apomelasma,WHAT. THE. ♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,524220,30971058,Posted: 5 April,all,Based Shibe,10/10Would delete save data for you again.
,Recommended,524220,30832467,Posted: 30 March,all,High Impact,Was yelled at by a friend to play itBought it and played itSpent 1hour+ just on tutorialPoked mooseDied to moosePoked robotsDied to mooseRinse repeatCry at route E endingpretty alright game.
,Recommended,524220,30932750,Posted: 3 April,all,Naruchin ☆,"A masterpiece that manages to be philosophical, emotionally draining andfunat the same time. The true end requires multiple playthroughs, and achieving it doesn't feel like a chore. Gripping story, geat gamplay variety and good amount of side-quests that provide additional background and insights; this game is a beautiful experience.I recommend Kaldaien's mod to polish up the technical side of the port! Thanks to it, I managed to make the game run on my Aspire E5 despite it being a laptop with a GeForce 920M."
76561198374146984,Recommended,524220,30951499,Posted: 4 April,all,aewehr,"I'm old enough to have been through 3 separate gaming booms, and this is one of the best games I've ever played and the first in 5 years that has actually managed to elicit emotional investment.The game contains numerous separate interleaving arcs, each with different playstyles, none of which are lacking in terms of fluidity of combat.Combat rewards skill tremendously, but does not punish you disproportionately for mistakes (unless you turn on hard mode, which I would advise only after mastering evade+counter)As for the game's visuals, they're absolutely stunning. The musical score does a decent job keeping up as well for the first arc but begins to wear thin... interestingly I'm starting to unlock other music and it feels like the devs read my mind.I feel sorry for my coworkers, as I picked up the first arc ""for an hour before bed"" and ended up playing through the night : )"
,Recommended,524220,33081529,Posted: 1 July,all,alexever17,One of the best games I ever playedthe port is a bit buggy but nevertheless everybody should play it
,Recommended,524220,30966732,Posted: 5 April,all,Andoo,A great example of what games used to be. I got completely immersed in Nier: Automata and did not want to leave. The story was not that deep but it was great in my opinion. Since this game offers multiple endings throughout multiple playthroughs I plan on spending a lot more time in this game.Most fun I've had in a game in a while. Would extremely reccommend. The soundtrack is to die for.10/10
,Recommended,524220,30967264,Posted: 5 April,all,Jokok,My game of the year until now. Great story and gameplay. If you like hack-and-slash games i can recommend this game to you with no doubt.
,Recommended,524220,33053223,Posted: 30 June,all,Duke_Grapefruit,"GTX: 960Ryzen 7 1700 (8 core, 3.7ghz)8gbs RAMRuns at a steady 40 to 45 FPS at high setting. I can probably get 60 if I dropped it down to medium, but at like 40 I'm not having any issues. Particle effect seem to be the big issue.The game itself is absolutely amazing. I've had it for about three days, and have played roughly 4 hours a day since then and I can't get enough. I loved Bayonetta, and this plays pretty similarly when in 3d melee mode, but the game really shines when it's changing things up."
,Recommended,524220,30622426,Posted: 19 March,all,BuLLeT,"i saw two robots doing it in the missionary position. no joke, no exageration. nice meme platinumits like old nier for xbox/ps but with an upgrade.for those who did not play nier:- you do NOT need to have played any other game before this- its open world- level ups, weapon upgrades, skills, and swapping and inserting chips for passives- secondary quests- fast travel, mounts- amazing soundtrack- thic♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,524220,30742235,Posted: 25 March,all,[DankHugs]Maert,"I'm not one to pick favorites for any thing, but after a bit of playing this it became my favorite game. I played through it once and I am very tempted to go through it a second time. They did an exellent job on the story and the combat can handle my button masshing to a point where I can still dodge in time if need be. This game is very well developed with no glitches that I could find through the like 45 hours of playing this game. I honestly can't think of anything bad to say about this game, I have enjoyed everything about it. Not once did this game feel repetitive for me, I did not get bored anywhere like people thought would happene because they heard it has new game plus or whatever. I lied, one complaint is that full screen doesn't work really work last time I tried but I'm fine with windowed, and the crashing was fixed after three days. If you're thinking about buying this I would highly recommend that you do."
,Recommended,524220,31834595,Posted: 18 May,all,N U T    C H E F,"So AMD finally got around to updating their drivers to fix the issues with this game, right after I write a review (totally not a rant) about their problems of course. Now there is no reason not to get this game, unless you have a GTX 780 or 780ti, because those cards still have problems.This is probably my favorite singleplayer game of all time. The story is enthralling, the characters develop in interesting ways throughout the story, the music is phenomenal, the combat is satisfying, and the locations are stunning.To start with, the story. This game is technically a sequel, but no knowledge of the original is required to appreciate this game, and beyond a couple of references there aren't many links between the two. Automata takes place thousands of years after the original, in fact. In NieR:Automata you play as an Android that is fighting endless numbers of robots to reclaim the Earth so humanity can come back from the moon. Why is humanity on the moon? Aliens. But seriously, humanity fled to the moon when the aliens created robots to wipe them out. Sounds a little complicated? It gets better, but I am not going to spoil anything here. As a sidenote, if you get this game, and you get to an ending, it isn't the end of the game. In reality, both Ending A and B are breaks in the story, while Endings C, D, and E are the alternate actual endings. F through Z are either jokes of some sort or because of a mistake you make in the story. Each time you get an ending, it will put a letter on your save file then let you go back to your last save, or in A and B it will start the next section of the story.Next, the character development. This is obviously a byproduct of events in the story, so anything specific would be a pretty large spoiler. Lets just say that some pretty major changes happen in the way characters behave both to eachother and overall. The side characters from various quests are interesting as well, one example being some characters that link to the original. These plots are still good without playing the original NieR though.The music is another mind-blowing element of this game. This soundtrack has such a wonderful variety of tracks that I think fit with every part of the story. NieR:Automata is one of the few games that I have stopped to listen to the area music, and some songs are so dazzling that I bought the soundtrack and listen to them even when i'm not playing the game. The various boss songs and character themes are superb as well.Admittedly the combat is probably the weakest part of this game. I personally think it is satisfying, but I can understand if someone doesn't like it. It is simple, compared to a game like Bayonetta or others in this class. There aren't tons of unique combos, and even the number of weapons is somewhat small. What it falls behind on in combos is the crispness of animation and the gratification that comes with that. The few weapon types that are in the game do provide some variety of attack set as well.Finally, the locations. They aren't very specifc about what they are, so there isn't any connection to a present day setting. They are beautiful though, and there are enough of them. Though the first 2 endings take place in the same area with enemies being similar, the third set of endings adds some new areas for the story to progress in, with the final area being my personal favorite in the end, even if the story is a bit sad.Now that the driver issues have been fixed, there is no reason not to buy this game. My last serious issue is gone, and yours should be too. If you can't be convinced to buy a game based on its merit in the categories that actually matter like story and gameplay, what is the point of reading reviews? Go buy NieR:Automata.Original ""Review"":The ball wasn't simply dropped on the port, it was fumbled, then the guy running it got hit by a car and died on the way to the hospital. What the ♥♥♥♥. Numerous bugs that were acknowledged months ago still haven't been fixed. The only one that effects me, the white screen crash bug, is most likely a driver issue considering switching to an old AMD driver version does work, but AMD has acknowledged it as well, and still haven't fixed it.If the issues were to be fixed, I would recommend this game to everyone I knew, and probably even aggressively encourage them to buy it. I can't do this though because of the amount of hoops you have to jump through to make it a playable experience. I am ok with using an old driver version to play this game, and plenty of people are as well, but not everyone is and just because I am doesn't mean it is a good or acceptable thing.If you still want to play this game, despite the performance issues and failures, I support that. This game is beautiful, and if you are willing to take the time to wade through garbage to get to the game, you wont be disappointed."
,Recommended,524220,31227637,Posted: 18 April,all,SFMosquito,"The long and short:  it's a masterpiece, but it's got its flaws too. Bring a controller, and enjoy the fantastic soundtrack, but turn up the difficulty at your own peril.I'm probably gonna make myself very unpopular before I'm done writing this post, but I want to address two things that I haven't seen thoroughly covered in either Steam reviews, or in proper ""Games Journalizm"" websites. These are the difficulty and the game's state as a PC port. Let's get the PC port issue out of the way first. This game really wants you to use a controller. You CAN rebind everything to work from a keyboard, but some of the minigames (spoiler, there's bullet hell minigames aplenty) really don't work very nicely without a controller. There are also a few graphics and performance issues which are doubtless a side-effect of this being a ported game. I'll give it an 8-out-of-10 for this one, since the game is still basically playable.My main complaint with this game, the only thing that truly detracts from the beauty of the soundtrack and the masterpiece that is this game's aesthetic (with honourable mention to the storyboard), is that the difficulty system is really out of whack. Higher difficulty levels rapidly turn the game into a nightmarish slog, not because the enemies are any *smarter*, but because they simply hit four times as hard. There is no functional difference between the ""HARD"" and ""IMPOSSIBLE"" difficulties in this game, since both of them translate into enemies normally considered appropriate for your level being able to one-shot you.I'd like to point out that I like myself a difficult video game (yes, I'm about to get to my praise for the game, fear not Reddit), but I don't like it when the AI has to openly cheat to beat me. I also don't like it when the thing that causes me to screw up and die is the fact my cameraman is a jerk, who likes to make me stare into Space or at concrete walls, while the big two-armed metal jerk with a hammer for a fist hammers me with his fist. *breathes deeply*.To surmise, this is a great game, with aspects that are really enjoyable - just be advised that you're going to have to experiment with your set-up and with your character build until you find one that actually enables you to play the way you enjoy. It's got a lot of content, with the volume of quests and open-world aspects allowing you to treat it almost like an MMORPG, dipping in and out when you feel like it. For maximum enjoyment, I recommend setting the difficulty to EASY for the tutorial level (thank me later), and from the first checkpoint onwards, leave it on NORMAL. Use the plug-in system as your personal difficulty adjuster, adding defensive plug-ins if you need a break, and removing them when you're ready to turn up the heat."
,Recommended,524220,30720622,Posted: 25 March,all,Mayonegger,Mastapiece
,Recommended,524220,31899408,Posted: 22 May,all,Fuck,2 words. F*cking amazing!
,Recommended,524220,31898489,Posted: 22 May,all,𝑅𝒾𝓉𝑜,"10/10 (maybe 9/10 bc pc port derps sometimes)(you can click me, its ok)Those who wander: 60$ completely pay off with the content delivered - amazing story telling, fluid gameplay and heartbreaking story."
76561198065314314,Recommended,524220,30661151,Posted: 21 March,all,Brucelee41126,"TL;DR Version: Not the best port, but it works. Game difficulty scaling is iffy and some RPG elements actually hamper the gameplay. However the game's story, atmosphere and music along with Taro's madman ways makes this game one of the most impacting games I've played in a while.NieR:Automata is a game I've been waiting for quite a bit of time since the surprise announcement was made back in 2015. I couldn't believe Nier was coming back for another entry and that Platinum Games was gonna work on this as well, seemed too good to be true in fact. Now that it's out, I have to ask myself in hindsight if it was worth the wait and worthy of the name Nier.Frankly,  I'd sure as hell say so.Automata has an interesting way of telling its story. It's in a way that you can understand most things well enough without all the lore behind it (if you're willing to listen to it), while being filled with references and nods to the Drakengard and Nier series for long-time fans. As expected with Taro, he has a grim since of humor and his world is definitely not the cheeriest painting in the artshow, but it's very detailed and lush and that is definitely a merit.Please know that NieR's story is really frigging depressing and will make you feel terrible more than it will make you laugh most likely but it is definitely a very good story-driven experience. Yes, you will have to play the game multiple times to get the full experience but I can assure you that it's worth checking out if you like a good story every so often.That said, the gameplay's pretty damn good. As expected from Platinum, the combat is fast and exciting with elements of action-adventure, platforming, shooters and even fricking light novel sections with minigames of fishing and boar drifting (yes you can drift using a boar like in the first Nier). However, the game's difficulties are a bit odd. Normal mode was a bit too easy for me so I played the game on hard, the first area of the game I died in one clean shot and had to start the whole prologue over again.RPG Elements in this game blend a bit iffy with this gameplay as well. For a beat em up playstyle levels are kind of a odd place to put them and for good reason.  On hard, something your level could easily do a good amount of damage to you, ranging for a good notch of health to sending you into a danger state or even flatout killing you in one smack (even if it's a stray bullet sometimes). High-level enemies are scary as hell, almost never flinching at your attacks and able to easily just destroy you if they catch you while lower-level enemies become chumps after a while. Also no lock-on on hard makes mobile enemies a pain.Despite that though I loved the game to bits if my playtime hasn't told you this already and I wholeheartedly encourage anyone to pick up this game if their computer can handle it. I played it just fine on my rig besides a stutter or two here and there and I had no major issues with my game since I started playing besides one crash when my computer was acting up.Oh and here's a tip:If you intend to play the game on hard, play the prologue on normal.Otherwise when you die you'll get a joke ending and you'll have to do the whole thing over again. You'll thank me later."
,Recommended,524220,30703502,Posted: 24 March,all,bumbler,"I've never really ever been invested into the plot of games, usually I play games for the gameplay aspect and that alone. I discovered Nier:Automata about a month before its release and followed it closely anicipating the release. When I finally finished the game (make sure you continue playing after the first playthrough) I realized how much I became invested into the story and characters. The gameplay is somewhat smooth, the combat is fluid, the atomosphere and environment are brilliant, and don't even get me started on the soundtrack. This game sucked me into the story really fast and every day I was dying to get home so I can see what happens next. Now I feel an empty void completing the story, but I don't plan to stop playing the game and I can see myself doing another playthrough in the near future. This is definitely my game of the year. If you're anything like me, this game will not disappoint and I 10/10 recommend this game to anyone.P.S. If you have an Xbox or PS controller I would highly recommend using that because for me the KB&M combo is a little wonky, at least for me"
,Recommended,524220,30814084,Posted: 29 March,all,Bitchy Queen,"1 Achievement away from getting all of them.It bugged for me.Look it up online, apparently I could've bought all of the achievements from a secret shop.Glad I didn't know, since it made me play the game longer.10/10 great soundtrack."
,Recommended,524220,30593555,Posted: 18 March,all,♥ Athlaz ♥,"What i think after first playthrough, PC specs belowPros:The game runs at steady 60fps maxed and so far i have not encountered a single crash or gamebreaking bugCombat system is fluid and enjoyableEnemies does not feel like bullet spongses for the most part ( even bosses thanks to visual feedback )Story and settingHumour in sidequestsOpen worldSound design overall is really goodCons:60fps lock, 30fps in cutscenes annoying but doesn't affect gameplayNo native borderless window ( easily fixed with 3rd party software )Tutorial lasts about 45minutes and dying once puts you at the beginning ( no check/save points during this )For an open world game there are awfully lot invisible wallsEVGA GTX 1080 FTWi7-4790k @4.6ghz16gb ramwindows 10"
,Recommended,524220,31231893,Posted: 18 April,all,Baka,Very great and underated game. A must play.
,Recommended,524220,31655686,Posted: 9 May,all,sin(pi),"One of the best games ever created.The unique gameplay and the captivating story created one of the most memorable experiences of all time. If you plan on checking out this game, make sure to give it a chance and play through it at least twice. I promise that you won't regret it."
76561198038563381,Recommended,524220,32049616,Posted: 29 May,all,Kadov,"I have no idea what happened. Or why it happened. But lots of stuff happened. It was pretty good. I think. I couldn't really tell if it was or not. Asked a friend, he said it would've been confusing even if I hadn't been tunneling on android butt. Apparently this has something to do with Drakengard, which I also couldn't tell what was happening in. I enjoyed the pole dance on the spear into axe throw thing though 10/10 would play again."
,Recommended,524220,30912895,Posted: 2 April,all,BronsonPBZ,"i was wondering that if my laptop can run this game before i download the game, ive got a Geforce GTX 960M and a Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6700HQ CPU @ 2.60GHz, 16 GB Ram plus a 3840X2160 60HZ, with all that Specs is it possible for me to run it. Thank you."
,Recommended,524220,31222697,Posted: 18 April,all,u s t u s t,great♥♥♥♥♥game number one
76561198044314207,Recommended,524220,31583791,Posted: 6 May,all,lokogamer94,"im loving every second of this game, it is exactly what i have been looking forward to playing..... the controls were a little iffy at first, but playing with a Razer Naga mouse & mapping the keys. I've had no problem with fights, or enjoying the game."
76561198049591616,Recommended,524220,31600181,Posted: 7 May,all,Heroes,Fantastic.
,Recommended,524220,31527743,Posted: 3 May,all,Hishiro Chizuru,"Masterpiece. Great story telling, great OST, great combat. What's not to like?"
76561198121517539,Recommended,524220,31352988,Posted: 25 April,all,cardcaptormimi,"If you enjoy those types of non-linear stories which make you wonder about existence, consciousness, free will, violence, destruction and the meaning of life. Without having the plot overly explained, but rather have the gameplay itself illustrates the story, where everything you do is creatively relevant.. Then I think you will like this game. Don't worry about the route thing and having to replay an environment, they are salient and dynamic and the story will change all the time or give a completely new perspective on what you've been through before. You can really tell that using a map/story like this gave the designers the opportunity to pay attention to a lot of details.To give an example, I was impressed by the way the music styles switched flawlessly between gaming styles on route B. The  true ending has left me in tears and will probably stay with me for the next couple of weeks.port details:I was able to play perfectly on i7 + gf gtx 980Slight frame drop around cutscenesTimeout when I left the menu open for >15min"
,Recommended,524220,30711903,Posted: 24 March,all,-NightRaid-,"This is an incredible game, the history is pretty interesting, the boss battles are awesome, the soundtrack is stunning and of course, 2B and A2 are so sexy ♥♥♥♥♥. I'm used to play PC games with KB/M but for this game I play it with a Xbox 360 controller and it worked good.  I'm waiting for a DLC I need more history for this game, specially with A2 or 2B as main characters ♥♥. 2B is love ♥, 2B is life♥ as well as A2 ♥♥.My specs:Intel core i3 61008gb RamGTX 950 Ti 4GB120gb ssdW7"
76561198000645800,Recommended,524220,30662423,Posted: 21 March,all,freeman,"Everything you could want out of a game is here--fun, challenging action gameplay, wonderful melancholic style and art, fantastic soundtrack, bizarre yet heartwrenching story that is gripping from start to finish. 9/10."
76561197970151734,Recommended,524220,32853036,Posted: 27 June,all,plaxis,"Nice visuals, epic music.Combat is smooth and satisfying.Story is brilliant.Played on both keyboard and mouse and with a controller. Only thing that made keyboard worse than controller is the double tap to dodge/evade."
76561198176088654,Recommended,524220,30750370,Posted: 26 March,all,Gigathor,"Let me tell you, this is not your average story driven videogame. What you have in front of you, my friend, is a narrative masterpiece. But oh boy, get ready to get into the feel train.This thing is amazing: the plot, a bit simple at first sight, keeps expanding over and over and offering you more questions than answers until BOOM! It blows up on your face. And you love it. I can say it's the best game I've ever played in terms of plot/story. And I've played a couple of those.Plot aside, the gameplay is really good as well. It's a bit simple, maybe, but very straightforward, you simply don't get tired of fighting. I'm not going to say it's perfect, because it's not, but the fact that it's not a complicated gameplay helps enjoy the plot even more.The graphics are what you see: they're pretty good and up to date, although some maps could be a bit better, a couple of them feel a bit empty to me. The characters are pretty well made though, with good lips animation and all. 2B's butt is a graphic masterpiece as well, but you won't be paying much attention to it, because you'll be too focused on the game to even care about her glorious booty.About boss battles, each of them seemed different to me. I really appreciate the variety of this game on that aspect, specially considering there's some battles that are AMAZING.Music. Oh sir the music. We might be in front of the best videogame soundtrack in years. This thing is definitely gonna get so, so many awards JUST because of the soundtrack. I was obsessed with boss music from Dark Souls until I played this. Now the main theme is in Repeat mode in my head.Anyway, this is an analysis so I have to say all that is good and bad about the game, so let's go to the bad part.Honestly there's almost nothing bad to say about NieR: Automata, but I have to admit that the port could have been better, there's a few optimization issues and the game can occasionally crash (in my case it only did once through the game and twice during the final credits). There's a mod around the internet that fixes most of the problems while the devs are working on it. Apart from this, like I said before, some maps are a bit empty. Not a major problem but it could have been better in that aspect.Alright mate, I'm finished here, now it's your turn to buy this f*ckin masterpiece, play the sh*t out of it and enjoy an amazing journey. And remember: in the end, you're not alone."
76561198113281913,Recommended,524220,32795477,Posted: 25 June,all,DANGerousTony,"Let's get things out of our way.I hate the soudtrack with the vocals, I hate the art style but this is only subjectif.The port is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥no game should make you download third party mod/ software(Far mod is recommended to playt this game)Now that we have those things out of our way how is the gameplay and story,It's excellent. Coming from platinum and square enix, it's a good action rpg.The gameplay is really unique, It feels like playing an old school mgs game which is a good thing since mgs is my favorite franchise of all time.I only did route A and I really like it so far, there multiple routes and endings and each playthrought is different well about 5 differents experience if I'm not mistaken. It's a must buy but since it's a horrible port, I recommend to pick this up on sale."
,Recommended,524220,30724100,Posted: 25 March,all,Raptor85,"Definitely one of the best games I've ever played, the variety of gameplay and the smooth transition between is incredible to say the least.  20+ hours in the story was still progressing and new gameplay elements still being added.Never a frame drop or hiccup on a geforce 980, so runs great even on a nearly 3 year old card."
76561198120356514,Recommended,524220,32743355,Posted: 24 June,all,Nainu Essu,"This Game has it all. Great Plot, great Characters, great Soundtracks and great Gameplay. If the full price is too much for you get it definitly on a sale, because this game is definitly worth its money."
,Recommended,524220,30604004,Posted: 18 March,all,Mr Goobledigopp,"Just finished my first play through and it took me a solid 8 hours to finish and thats without too much exploration. I didn't even do the side quests save for like 1 or 2. All in the all, this games definitely worth a buy. Its a really cool hybrid of bullet hell and hack n slash. Im not such a big fan of bullet hell style games but the combat in this game is so smooth and fluid, its hard not just get sucked into it. Storys pretty decent, wouldn't say its the most mind blowing thing i've ever witnessed but if you like the idea of robots dealing with existential dread then this is right up your alley. Thats not to say the story was bad by any means, it was definitely enjoyable. Characters are nice to. Again, nothing to crazy or marvelous with them, but they do have their own quirks that youll find yourself getting attached to by the end. According to sources, this game has about 20+ endings, some of those being joke endings which i can dig. Don't think ill do every one of them myself but i can definitely see myself doing another few play throughs. Hope you enjoy it as much as I!"
76561197999572062,Recommended,524220,30647697,Posted: 21 March,all,Kitsune Ōkami,"This game is great in my opinion.It has really good graphics, the environments are amazing and the theme really strikes my personal fancy. The music is also well put together and fits the environment and intensity very nicely.The gameplay is fluid and fast-paced with seamless transitions between the various gameplay elements (Shmup, hack and slash, side scrolling action) as well as enough depth in each so that none feel underdeveloped. The hack and slash is the main experience though the other types are never a chore to go through either and platforming definitely leaves you feeling as though you are in control of a powerful and agile character.Storywise the game excells as well, the cinematics are vibrant and easy to watch (and skippable!) and the other story-telling devices (such as chatter and journals and other collectibles) are optional enough that they aren't intrusive, but if you take the time to read/listen to what the various characters have to say then the story is enriched.There are a few issues though, which in no way should spoil your enjoyment.Personally I haven't had any issues with stability/graphical glitches/crashes and my rig isn't too high spec but apparently a lot of people have issues with Gpu compatibility and various crashes. If you're interested, check the discussions for problems with similar setups, if you can't find any give it a try and see how it runs, don't be afraid to refund it if it doesn't work for you.The initial gameplay sequence is difficult to get through, owing to the first save point being after a boss. While not terribly difficult, a mistake and/or death can be costly as it means you have to sit through the lengthy opening sequence and fights therafter. Feel free to start on a lower difficulty before the first save point if you have difficulties, since the game's difficulty can be changed at any time from the settings.Overall this game sits perfectly in my zone of interest and I'd highly recommend it to anyone who thinks they might enjoy a highly atmospheric world full of interesting characters and fun combat action."
,Recommended,524220,32853103,Posted: 27 June,all,Cry,"Square-Enix, for the first time in 5 years I'll say this, I am finally in love with a game again and I expected much less than I got, I feel like the happiest person on earth buying this game, and I really hope your future creatons will be just as amazing as NieR!"
,Recommended,524220,31330111,Posted: 23 April,all,Garland,You MUST play. 10/10.This is the definition of a GODLY  RPG game.
,Recommended,524220,30846117,Posted: 30 March,all,TDex3p,Pros:1. Booty2. Combat3. Soundtrack4. I cri evertim5. BootyCons:Game needs more ladders(‿ˠ‿)
,Recommended,524220,31930383,Posted: 24 May,all,Chellyn,Really good. The music is excellent and the gameplay is pretty fluid.The game isn't very PC control friendly due to the top-down gameplay bits. I had to plug in a controller to compensate. I'm not experiencing any of the glitching that others are talking about.
,Recommended,524220,30578555,Posted: 17 March,all,MrAptronym,"I seem to have no issues with the port, but others have had plenty of problems. I am using an R9-290, I know some people have been having AMD GPU issues.I've already beaten the game on PS4, I greatly enjoyed it and am happy to have it on PC. Easily my favorite game in a while."
76561198028666028,Recommended,524220,32873519,Posted: 27 June,all,That Guy From ID,"Fun little game, good if your looking for something out of the ordinary."
,Recommended,524220,32894797,Posted: 27 June,all,gibgun,This is definitely a very original game. I'm not super into the whole anime thing but the novel gameplay and polished mechanics make this well worth picking up while its on sale!
76561198036259600,Recommended,524220,32903551,Posted: 27 June,all,フォックスハウンド (Warez),2b( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198095142693,Recommended,524220,32896367,Posted: 27 June,all,SeaHag,Just a absolute masterpiece.
76561198064869893,Recommended,524220,30909487,Posted: 2 April,all,Victor Pereira,"So, I decided to wait until I had completed every bit of this game to write this review and I should say:It was all worth it.This game is easily one of the best game I have ever played and enters the category ofMUST HAVE- Soundtrack:The music in this game is AMAZING, one of its strongest points. It works so well with the story and bosses fights that makes you have goosebumps from how epic this makes you feel. Also  exploration have some nice and peaceful musics that keeps you really immersed.- Story:I wish some characters had more development on their personality. But overall, it is very nice and on some points really makes you think about life and existence. It has 5 main endings, 26 on total. All of them based on the choices you make during the game.- Gameplay:There's a variety gameplay elements and the combat is very responsive and fun. Also you have a lot of options to build with the plug-ins, weapons and pods you can find.- Difficulty:I like how difficulty works in this game. Yeah, theres some weird difficulty spike between normal and hard, but if you have never played this game before, you should play on normal until you are familiar with the controls, then you can change to hard. On hard you can be one shotted if you aren't careful, but it's cool that you have some sense of danger instead of just face rolling through everything on normal. Very hard are for hardcore people and pretty much anything can one shoot you, so you have that option too if you feel like it.- Graphics:It's alright, it fits the theme of the game.- PC Port:Until this day, the port still have problems with fullscreen resolutions and performance, but it can be somewhat fixed by some 3rd party mods and it's totally playable. Hopefully improve their next ports in the future."
,Recommended,524220,30803740,Posted: 28 March,all,«~Aeternitaas | Taiga~»,Give a man a fish and feed him for a day.Give Yoko Taro some big bucks and make the world cry for robots.
76561198056797340,Recommended,524220,31302670,Posted: 22 April,all,Knil,"I wasn't super excited when I first saw the aesthetic but this game is amazing. Tons of fun with a perfect soundtrack. Please please please play all 5 main endings, don't stop after the first, there's so much story you'd be missing out on."
76561198278403366,Recommended,524220,32840599,Posted: 26 June,all,ThousandIsland,"I like the concept and the art is awesome, Camera angles and stuff takes some getting used to. Combat moves that look like something bayonetta would do and a booty to rival that of Kim Kardashian but just isn't fun for me it feels like MGR and FFXV smashed together, games I both love but sort of a stale combat system after playing both games multiple times I would recommend for sure to someone looking for a unique story driven hack and slash with level design like dark souls.Please remember just IMO the combat is old and boring most everything else in the game is good (so far) but dont think I am able to wade through another fable like combat system."
,Recommended,524220,30758568,Posted: 26 March,all,archdeco,"My head asplode. I need to lie down, excuse me."
,Recommended,524220,30663230,Posted: 21 March,all,Deku [Strat],"This has quickly become one of my favorite games ever made.  I don't want to say much about it, for fear of spoilers and such, so just play it yourself.  Trust me, it is well worth the Triple-A price tag, and much more.Game 10/10(PC port 7/10. some frame issues and weird resolution problems. not that bad though, if you dont mind it looking a little off sometimes it isnt that noticeable. didn't detract from my experience.)"
,Recommended,524220,31206206,Posted: 17 April,all,Discordiaz,10/10 Would Buy Again
,Recommended,524220,31186263,Posted: 16 April,all,2B•9S•A2,Do yourself a favor and get this game! I finished it (ABCDE) last week and I am still thinking of this damn game every single day
,Recommended,524220,30810818,Posted: 29 March,all,threeonethirds,"It seems like a great game. However I have this unresolvable issue where the game runs in slow motion. It's not like my specs are low either because the FPS increases when I lower graphics, but game still runs in slow motion :/From what I can tell, this affects certain Laptop NVidia cards. Mine's an 860M.Recommending because I can tell it's a good game, beneath all that, and only few of us seem to have this problem. Will update if patched."
,Recommended,524220,31190227,Posted: 16 April,all,ApocalypseMeow,great game. i've never played the original and have no idea what its about and yet this game's story still made me wanna curl up in fetal position and cry
76561198067232255,Recommended,524220,30677809,Posted: 22 March,all,Yaguars,"So you've seen all the reviews and news about this game and think 'huh some jrpg hack and slash with some fan service thrown in there, whats the big deal'... oh my sweet summer child.This game takes you on an incredible journey in one of the best storytelling methods I've seen to date. After finishing the main story of the game I can assure you that this is an experience no other game has given me. The way it tells the story is something I've never seen in a video game. The game itself is an experience that everyone should experience. While a lot of people, that haven't played this game, will think that this game is mainly popularized through its fan service, I can assure you it isn't as forced during the game and is of no significance in what makes this game great.It's one of those games you can't just hear about or read about. It's an experience you have to enjoy yourself. This is the only game I've reveiwed and it is only because I want to urge you to support the developers, and especially the game's director Yoko Taro, so they can keep making masterpieces like this. If you are a person that likes a game to have a good and compelling story with a lot of character, then you've come to the right place. While the gameplay may have been the selling point to a lot of the people that bought it, including me, the story is what kept us all playing without stop.GPU: AMD R9 280 3gbCPU: I5 4570Playing on high everything, texture filtering 8x. Used the fix you can find on reddit and steam forums, google for 'nier automata fps fix'. This lets me play the game in full screen at 1080p with frames varying between 55-60 but mainly staying on 60."
,Recommended,524220,31187815,Posted: 16 April,all,Zakdawg,First game in forever I can truely say is 10/10
,Recommended,524220,31213088,Posted: 17 April,all,KumoKumo,"Everything amazing about Bayonetta's combat system and fluid mechanics.Everything amazing about NieR's storytelling, soundtrack, characters, and art.If this isn't game of the year, I'm going to be utterly baffled."
,Recommended,524220,31187621,Posted: 16 April,all,Gizmix,I beat the game by eating a fish. You should too.
76561197970328940,Recommended,524220,30647539,Posted: 20 March,all,kuri-kuri,"1st: Play Nier for ps2 (or hd remake if it ever comes out at this time of reading) first.2nd: GOTY, every year.comments: This game was fun all around. The feels everything gives you at the end of the game is amazing, and honestly there was only a bit of a downside in back-tracking in early parts of the game, but there is a means of fast travel that solves that later on. Everything else was a blast.Game: 10/10, Story 10/10, Music 10/10, Would recommend 10/10"
,Recommended,524220,31220846,Posted: 18 April,all,Shinigami,Bought it for the bootystayed for magical 9S banterim a gigantic ♥♥♥♥♥♥I want shotacon of 9S and 2B
76561198041231280,Recommended,524220,31192155,Posted: 16 April,all,:Dolan,You better ♥♥♥♥ing buy it.
,Recommended,524220,31345134,Posted: 24 April,all,LupusCardinal,"First time I take time out of my under-scheduled, overly lazy life to do a Steam review.First time I find myself 99% sure that I have found my game of the year before April is over.First time for so many first times.Jokes aside now:NieR:Automata is THAT game that has everything it needs to rock your world.It can make you laugh, it can make you cry, it can make you rage, it can make you love.I never played the original NieR, nor the Drake..something from which this series spinned out of.But after playing 73h on record (and still going) I don't find myself even close to stoping.Even if the quests are done, the weapons gathered and maxed out, whenever I find myself playing a different game I am always drawn back to the desolate world of NieR, the never ending war between machines and androids, the conflicted emotions portrayed by 9S, the turmoil that is 2B's existence. The tragedy of A2's past.The storyline is gorgeous, from the multiple endings to the quests, the uncovering of secrets...Sorry reader, I don't think, after all, that I can make a coherent review of Nier:Automata. It triggers to many emotions, too many thoughts, too much to process.I think that, in the end, the only thing that I can really say is ""Play it.""It doesn't matter if it's £40 or £30. It is easily worth double that, short as the main story line might be.This game is a masterpiece. It may not be remembered for the ages like ES, Fallout, MA:E, DS will, but don't let that fool you.NieR:Automata is worth every minute of your time.The only complaint I can muster, is that I don't have a way to play it blindly again, and experience every turn of the emotional roller-coaster for the first time once again."
76561198070688098,Recommended,524220,31359885,Posted: 25 April,all,Kyon,"Best 80$ I've spent in a while. Hours filled with anger, blood, sweat, tears and a new controller. 10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,524220,31194306,Posted: 17 April,all,ItsNoobly,"This game is absoluetely amazing!Beautiful SoundtrackGorgeous SceneryGreat Combat system and MovementAmazing CharactersThis game will take you quite a while to finish depending if you speed through the main story or not. The game had taken me around 26 hours to get the true ending.For those who do get the game and get Ending A, it doesn't end there. That is just the beginning. The endings go up to E for the main storyline.Also if you think your computer can not handle this game, then I do recommend on buying on PS4 as you will get better frames and most likely no crashes."
,Recommended,524220,30846380,Posted: 30 March,all,Mr. Onii-chan,"Nier Automata is nothing short of a masterpiece, period. Despite it's flaws I can't think of it as anything but one. Story, Gameplay, Characters. Sound, Music, Graphics (though lacking at times). Expectations i had for this game had been thoroughly smashed with a hammer, a long with many emotions pertaining in my head. Nier Automata begs the question 'What does it mean to live? To be human? To be yourself?' in one of the most fascinating ways from start to finish.This is game that I believe everyone needs to play, or otherwise watch if you enjoy let's plays. It is something that has lifted pressure off my shoulders and made me look forward to the future.It is a very important game. A very life changing game in my opinion.On another note: Thank you Weii (Not sure if I got the name right) for guiding me to the end."
,Recommended,524220,30752675,Posted: 26 March,all,The Sexiest Nilfgaardian,Very fun game with intriguing story and great gameplay.
,Recommended,524220,31389284,Posted: 27 April,all,Fant1ckx,A masterpiece that we have been waiting for
,Recommended,524220,30577583,Posted: 17 March,all,RandyTheB,"I have a feeling that there's some underlying issues concerning performance with this game. On one system, an i5 4460 with 16 gb of ram @1866 and a 1050ti runs the game at a constant 60fps at 1080p with 2x on AA and AO turned off. However, on another system i tested with an i7 4790k OC to 4.6ghz with 32 gb of ram and an MSI 1070 and with the same settings it struggles to maintain 45-50fps. Basically, I'd wait for the game ready drivers to drop for NieR Automata. I can't say how AMD performance is, but i assume it's having similar problems based on seemingly random factors. The game is ♥♥♥♥ing great, and i guess i'll be settling with running it on my less powerful rig in the living room for now, being it performs better on that system."
76561198270089578,Recommended,524220,33066538,Posted: 30 June,all,Milkthew,"Great game, definitely worth buying. 10/10 would recommend to buy"
,Recommended,524220,31032710,Posted: 8 April,all,A2jcool,"Great game, great soundtrack, seemingly empty world. Definitely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,524220,31006009,Posted: 7 April,all,Dario,Great gameplayGreat MusicGreat lore and storyDoesnt get boring.Big ♥♥♥♥up of the porting as usual requiring mods and old drivers for many users (thats why so many negative comments).I`m confident one day japan will learn how to do portings. For the moment enjoy this fine piece of game.
,Recommended,524220,31559195,Posted: 5 May,all,CitizenX3639,"Thanks to the developers at PlatinumGames and the publishers at Square Enix for creating a once i a generation game that provided hours of entertainment and escape.I was completely sold on Nier:Automata after seeing the trailer. It showed everything i enjoy in games from the action, story, characters, and post apocolyptic world to the creators, one of my favorite developers, PlatinumGames. I never read any previews, reviews or forums discussing the game, and i did not play the demo. That is why i am not doing one of my regular in depth reviews becasue anything about this game is a spoiler to the player. Simply put its one fo the most original, unique amazing game experiences ever.Nier:Automata is powerful in every way."
76561198147515986,Recommended,524220,31571252,Posted: 5 May,all,Loremaster,"NieR:Automata is a piece of art. Never have I played a game so many times only to enjoy it MORE each time I replay. This is a game you MUST spend over 30 hours on, otherwise you will not get the full effect. Each time you replay the game, the story shifts and changes. You become enriched in the story, and care for the characters as if they were your dearest friends. This is a game everyone should play!!!!"
,Recommended,524220,31583149,Posted: 6 May,all,LVG,"Did not expect this level of detail put into the story, even the Dub is good.10/10 Story10/10 Sound track10/10 Combat10/10 Charactersby far one of the most impactful games I've ever played, only annoyances being the amount of back tracking, avoid all spoilers before playing this."
,Recommended,524220,30849512,Posted: 31 March,all,♡ 小悪魔,"While the PC port does have some issues, most of these can be avoided with the FAR mod by Kaldaien. Aside from the technical issues, I don't think anyone will disagree that this game is a unique work of art. With an amazing soundtrack, innovative game design choices, and a fantastic world to fall in love with, I cannot recommend Nier Automata enough.Note: A controller is HIGHLY recommended, as the game will change camera perspectives and control schemes on the fly."
,Recommended,524220,30680662,Posted: 22 March,all,akirobot,I sacrificed my dataNot for honorBut for you
,Recommended,524220,31564293,Posted: 5 May,all,Soren98,"This is really a fantastic game. I played through the first ending and a bit through B. Personally I'm waiting for them to hopefully patch the game so that the resolution isn't capped. The game does look well designed though. Can't wait to play at full resolution.The soundtrack for the game is amazing, It really adds to the atmosphere of the game.The combat system is smooth and fairly simple. Comobos change with different weapons that interesting in themselves. After learning it, the game is a bit less challenging on normal for my taste.No spoilers, but the game's story is fantastic. For me it is fairly unique which is something that I've really been looking for.And always remember folks.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥thighs save lives."
76561198005482943,Recommended,524220,31549757,Posted: 4 May,all,Kliketiklak,"This game is just completely amazing... The atmosphere is unbelievable and everything has been thought thoroughly before releasing it. A really nice gaming experience which was lacking a bit recently in the last SE releases, a really enjoyable surprise :)"
76561198048763284,Recommended,524220,31580043,Posted: 6 May,all,Pickles,"I expected it to be a mediocre hack and slash.Boy, was I wrong. If you like compelling narratives, then I highly recommend this."
76561197962342047,Recommended,524220,31571014,Posted: 5 May,all,Larnon,Good video game but I think I have PTSD/depression now.Oh well!
,Recommended,524220,31582927,Posted: 6 May,all,Crystension,"I'm really bad at writing reviews but.NieR: Automata is.. Unique. And it is unique in all the right ways. It's combat is smooth, (thanks Platinum Games!) it's world is beautiful, all of the characters are pulchritudinously designed, and the story is wonderful.I've done all 5 of the main endings, A, B, C, D, E, and oh lord, it's been years since I've teared up at a game but this one did it.Yes, there are indeed bugs and glitches. I haven't ran into any of the crashing problems, but as for the whole downscale of resolution in full screen, it's really not that big of a deal, just use the 3rd party fixes and enjoy your game. Is it a nuisance? Yes, I won't lie, but I enjoyed the game regardless.NieR: Automata has stolen my heart ever since I started it, and has been given my personal GOTY for 2017."
76561198081150444,Recommended,524220,31564139,Posted: 5 May,all,calivino,"absolutely fantastic. great story telling and deep philisophical thinking from existential dread, nihilism and what it means to be human."
,Recommended,524220,30696589,Posted: 23 March,all,Ruby Roserade,"This game is beautiful! Complete this game, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,524220,32938368,Posted: 28 June,all,Dyllusional,"A game that I had a lot of hype for and lived up to it. The music is amazing, the combat is really fun and I love the story, I just want more of it. There's a lot of hidden items and areas that I'm still discovering. Easily one of my favourite games of all time."
,Recommended,524220,30578936,Posted: 17 March,all,cheekibreeki,"MOAR♥♥♥♥♥♥♥also play with controller, playing with keyboard and mouse is slightly painful in top-down shooter sequences and looks stupid as hellclose combat resembles revengeance occasionally, it's goodchip management is funUPD: I finished it. The final credits sequence was worth all of it.UPD2: I finished it again. Still good. Even better that first time."
76561198100704311,Recommended,524220,33040821,Posted: 30 June,all,red_ghost,"Excellent combat & music, worthy of Platinum Game's reputation.Plenty of things to do with Over Twenty Endings to the game.Has some serious optimization issues for this PC port (why is this becoming a regular occurence for 7th and 8th generation games?). * YOU WILL ABSOLUTELY NEED * to get the F.A.R. mod to play the game proper.One you have that & fiddle with the settings a bit, the game plays like a dream...--> Note: the FAR-mod will fix most of the resource allocation & optimization issues, but it will not fix you having weak / low-end hardware, if such is the case."
,Recommended,524220,33042412,Posted: 30 June,all,๖ۣۜ Ѕһẵгρ ẦρρΊệ,"NieR:Automata is quite impressively written more than anything, and this is something that will dawn on you more as you play. And you will have to finish the game multiple times to know the whole story. This is nothing to worry about though, It's got a very neat story structure, with enough plot threads after the initial play through to suck you into those subsequent ones while the game play is kept fresh. The narrative seems quite cerebral through this experience too, and it plays with you in a way I have only seen elsewhere in Undertail. Theme wise it just hits a strong suit, as the questions surrounding robots and ai have always seemed best explored by media from Japan. Anyway, This game will want to play with your notions and is able to make great narrative moments out of its sleight of hand. It will do this right from the start of the game with some masterstrokes and they are not just one offs, they are layered. This goes for the game play too. It's not the hack and slash it looks like, though it is an excellent hack and slash. There are about four genres packed into this game and they all fit together with the narrative and get used for emotional beats in the story with all the other elements. The visuals and sound design are excellent, and wow the music! Some really iconic tunes which future a made up language which mixing words from many different cultures. The language was likely inspired by the setting of a far flung post apocalyptic future where you would expect the decades to have mixed them. There is all sorts of self deprecating humour as well, references to philosophers, characters spawning out of vending machines, a fishing minigame which had to be there ""because it is a JRPG"" and credits if you die during the game intro. Allot of great self awareness is in NeiR and it makes for a surprising experience where nothing seems unintentional. You get the sense that this game is almost treated like it was unfortunate that it had to be a game or that it had to be a game with all the baggage nessasery to be a game. You can see the devs couldn't stop themselves from taking a jab at those elements bringing them into the games lore. All together there is an intelligence to it that is so refreshing despite its appearance as something hollow and dramatic. In fact it seems almost intentionally staged that this game should appears the uninspiring JRPG hack and slash with the edge character designs. It practically turns its genre against itself to spite Square Enix, its really something. credit goes to the director Yoko Taro who should be put up there with kojima, and the efforts of Platinum games who made this masterpiece."
,Recommended,524220,30627326,Posted: 19 March,all,Eé,"Wanna hear a joke? NieR:Automata.At first I hated this PC port:- subpar menu navigation with mouse- impossible to shoot properly in 360° shooter segments with mouse- similar to above; cannot aim pod properly in sidescroller segments with the mouse (and therefore cannot aim laser)- optimisation- double tap to dodge, occasionally unresponsive dodges- 720p@30fps cutscenes retained from PS4 version- occasional video issues in fullscreen mode- some quests cannot be completed until you reload the areaI considered either dropping the game until fixes came through or just buying a PS4 controller and halving the above issues but the combat was so addictive that it just made me continue playing it (and also the PS4 controller costs more than the game). Granted, I had some rage and salt moments in the first few hours from the KB/mouse controls.Few more hours into the game, many of the qualms I had with controls faded as I found ways to work around them. As far as my own experience goes (your mileage may vary):+ dodge more reliable if you let go of all movement keys before double tapping+ dodge more reliable if you alternate dodge directions, otherwise has chance of not registering double tap as dodge+ shmup sections more playable if you abuse LMB/RMB; don't expect to shoot any targets with the mouse+ hacking minigame more manageable if you use arrow keys to aim+ don't use the laser if you play with mouse during sidescroller segments unless you are on the same plane as your enemy+ WASD navigates menu easier+ use 3rd party program to force borderless windowed mode with your preferred resolution if you have full screen issues+ pray if you run into suicide machines during sidescroller segments. That mouse won't save you now.Still hoping for some fixes but a lot of us sticking through with the current port will probably end up 100%-ing the game before the first fix comes out. Seriously though, please at least give us a dedicated dodge button and actual mouse aiming.It's a shame that such a good game had to be marred with a crappy PC port."
,Recommended,524220,30652096,Posted: 21 March,all,Microsoft Azure,"Just... wow.To get a few things out of the way, the port as it stands (21st of march, 2017) runs reasonably well on i7 7700k and 1080 but can experience periods of slowdown during heavy fighting, but doesnt cause any issues with gameplay generally. Fair amount of settings to change for your system, not terribly in depth but should provide enough customization to get to run how you want. only other outstanding issue for now is there is a strange problem with regard to the output resolution that has yet to be patched, seems to output closer to 4:3 real resoltion and stretch it, though the result is the correct aspect etc.Anyways, story is something else. If you are going to play this game you *NEED* to continue playing after the first ending, trust me you've barely even played the story at that point. Ultimately this is the way yoko taro designed the playthroughs but im sure this will be offputting to some people and they will shelf this excellent story after barely anything has happened. The music throughout the game is extremely well done, moody music. Adds a lot of power to certain level areas, and boss fights. I'd say this is a strong contender for one of the best game stories in the last 10 years, and the way it is revealed over multiple ""endings"" keeps you on the edge of your seat and interested.The fighting... classic 10/10 platinumgames fighting mechanics, though I think many of us expected as much. Very smooth, easy to learn hard to master fighting. Proper timing of evades is critical to getting the most out of fighting.Characters in this are amazing, between all of the major android characters (2B, 9S, A2) and even the supporting characters there is a lot of small personality details that adds intruige and depth. Antagonists are a bit odd to say the least, but there is a depth of philosophy and humanity in the actions through the game that makes you... sympathetic almost.If you want to play one of the best narrative driven games in years and are interested in a 40+ hour playthrough then please, buy this game now. Waiting until the game is 75% off is a disservice to the title and discourages future PC releases."
,Recommended,524220,30576402,Posted: 17 March,all,Xolais,"[I saw this through to the end][Don't make excuses;][put your back into it, you $&*@#!]*The port ain't perfect, going full screen will limit resolution down to 900p, frame dips, and noticeable pop in.If you don't mind those issues, go for it.  Until then, I'd recommend waiting until they patch the game.  But, other then that.  The game is fun, you can fix the full screen issue by downloading 3rd-party software (Borderless Gaming), but despite all these issues.  I enjoy it.  But, sadly, there is a lot of problems as well.Sure, yadda yadda, this and that, blah blah blah, denuvo this.  I am happy that this game got a PC port, at least a playable one in my experience, for others, it is quite different.  To be honest, I wouldn't recommend getting this game in it's current state, I got it because I loved the first one, NieR: Gestalt, and purchased this game when it appeared on Steam.  Would I recommend it?  Yes and no.  Of course the trolls will be having a field day in the discussions, people looking to play this game may be a bit discouraged to play this.  It's up to you if you wish to play this game.  But, as a fan of the previous Nier, I am satisfied with this game even if the port is a little disappointing."
76561197983467155,Recommended,524220,31205791,Posted: 17 April,all,2Mello,"This is one of the finest games I've ever played. The tight gameplay and surprising perspective shifts in the first hour is only the beginning of an exciting journey that will change the way you think about engaging with games and provide a harrowing, soulful story. A month after finishing it and I still have not come down from the experience."
,Recommended,524220,31226653,Posted: 18 April,all,Ben 10(outta10) | aka 2pac2,"There is no experience like this game.The means of which it conveys it's messages are only possible because it is a video game, it pushes the medium to the limit. I bought this game on a whim, and it is best to go into it blind. Elaborating further would only serve to tarnish your first playthrough of the game, try it for yourself. It's also pretty fun."
,Recommended,524220,31228827,Posted: 18 April,all,Moulson,- Amazing soundtrack- Fun combat- Engaging story and charactersQuite the emotional rollercoaster.- Game has good crossfire support so framerate wasn't an issue for me.- Capped at 60fps
,Recommended,524220,30758123,Posted: 26 March,all,Huemaster,"Awesome game. Only thing holding it back is some port issues.There's plenty of fan fixes available but the launch hour was very troubling.The game is one hell of a ride, in every sense of the world --- truly. The game will please all of your senses and excels in all criteria. Tons of replay value and things to do  and such,  I can easily recommend it even full priced to anyone who really enjoy vidya.9/10 will raise it to a 10 when there's an official patch to fix the issues.Protip:Transfer your save file when you are in Route E to a usb stick. This can be done while alt tabbing. It is your documents and you should get all the numbered save slots only to be safe. After the game is done, you'll see why.Nobody loses, everyone wins."
,Recommended,524220,30758908,Posted: 26 March,all,liv33vilnb,Brings back my fond memories of the original neir. While the story can be confusing at times it does not detract from the game. It has very good action and fighting.All in all I recommand it to anyone that has played the original neir and are on the fence as well as anyone new to the series.Oh. and for 2B butt. Have to play it for that. :)
76561198015593223,Recommended,524220,30759114,Posted: 26 March,all,UebelBAM,"Every once in a while there will be a game i don`t really care about, until i get curious why everybody seems to like it so much. NieR Automata is exactly that game. Curious -> bought it -> tried it -> fell in love.This game is one of the best i have played in the last 10 years or so. It is full of interesting ideas, great characters, it`s funny at times and serious when it needs to be. I never got bored with the gameplay, it always mixes it up. So, awesome game, lovely characters and great music. Buy the game and find the fullscreen fix here on Steam and i runs great."
,Recommended,524220,30765177,Posted: 26 March,all,Vayl_,"45 hours... What I first thought was a cool post apocalypse platinum games slash-em-up evolved into something much, much more after the second playthrough..VAGUE SPOILERS AHEAD:-------Then the third playthrough was -literally- the sequel to the game, new story, characters and everything.Then the fourth playthrough, after a very very hard fight literally fighting in the credits, you're given the option to sacrifice everything, those 45 hours of work, your save file to help someone struggling.To the person I'll never know I helped, I hope you made the right choice too."
76561198071098855,Recommended,524220,30765328,Posted: 26 March,all,Sanitary Sanchez,"Trying to remain happy during this game is like trying to hold water in your hands, no matter how hard you try you will be left with nothing.10/10 don't give up until you get ending E"
76561198019910152,Recommended,524220,30765385,Posted: 26 March,all,Blimblam,"Truly amazing. The emotions this game will make you feel alone are worth the ""price of admission"". The last time I felt about a game the way I feel about this one was back in high school (MGS). At some point in your life, you need to play this game."
,Recommended,524220,30758610,Posted: 26 March,all,Alcohonnoisseur Gen,"Buy. This. Now.I was told by a friend that this was one of the best games he has ever played, and I'm inclined to agree. I played for 13 hours straight the first time I launched it, and only stopped because it was 5am and I had to wake up in 2 hours. The gameplay is fantastic, the soundtrack is absolutely phenominal, and the only real issues I have with it are the textures look blurry in cutscenes, and it doesn't play nice in fullscreen. It really caters to its players, with difficulty settings ranging from extreme casual to extreme masochist depending on your choice of difficulty and Plug-in Chips, and has nice features like being able to reduce potential motion sickness from the camera, or changing the tone on things for the hearing impared. I absolutely recommend playing this game, even if you're new to bullet-hell and hack and slash style games, and it is worth every cent full price.Update: After finishing the 5 main endings, I can safely say that this is a must-buy at any price. You will not regret it. The game draws you in with the premise of boobs, butts and action, but what really kept me playing was the incredible story. You're going to have an emotional attachment to any character with more than 10 minutes of screen time, and you're going to genuinely care about them and their struggles. I would recommend playing the original NieR and Drakengard 1 & 3 before or after this for a more complete picture of the lore, but NieR: Automata works absolutely fantastically on its own with no prior knowledge of the series."
76561198297465694,Recommended,524220,30759270,Posted: 26 March,all,ゆうちゃん,"NieR: Automata""Everything that lives is designed to end. We are perpetually trapped...in a never-ending spiral of life and death.""That game is amazing. The way that game is playing on player feelings is worth that money. I really... but really enjoyed that game in every inch of it virtual world. Concept of soul and human being made that game really solid and story attractive. Of course i can't forget about amazing music  and overall characters/animations creation. Personally i have nothing bad to say about that title and amount of tears pouring out of my eyes in main scenes of that game was huge. I wish there were more such games like this one."
76561198068466253,Recommended,524220,30835709,Posted: 30 March,all,Pugware,One of the best games ever made. The actual final boss and ending IS the most clever thing ever done in gaming that could only be done in a game.
76561198109226067,Recommended,524220,31396912,Posted: 27 April,all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"Gorgeous visuals, amazing storytelling and hands down,  the best OST I've heard since the original Nier."
76561198073653349,Recommended,524220,30684961,Posted: 23 March,all,heresiarchqin,A game about robots in sexy gothic clothes and it hits me harder than Witcher 3 in the feels
,Recommended,524220,31163900,Posted: 15 April,all,Cel,Absolutely amazing.
76561198072455456,Recommended,524220,31493854,Posted: 1 May,all,Big Boss,"One of the best games to come out in the last years, every gamer must play, it´s amazing"
76561198109305389,Recommended,524220,31215116,Posted: 18 April,all,Rikyr,"amazing game, solid gameplay and storyline packed with crazy action/arcade fights. can be smoothly played for hours thanks to the wonderful ost. I totally recommend this game."
76561198047116461,Recommended,524220,31215137,Posted: 18 April,all,Frenchy von-richt,"About 30 hours in, finished the campaign once, currently in my third playthrough... It's a top notch game, everything I expected it to be, and more.K+M controls feel a little clumsy at first, but once you get through the intro, you become used to them and realise they are actually quite solid.There are plenty of other detailed reviews out there, I just wrote this to give the game another positive review - it's really that good.One more thing, the third playthrough hits hard, story-wise... I'll just leave it at that...."
,Recommended,524220,31482995,Posted: 1 May,all,|Pikey|,Great game
,Recommended,524220,30579019,Posted: 17 March,all,voidwarranty,"This game is shaping up to be an easy Top 5 of 2017 for me.  I like the game play, art style, music, voice work, it feels solid.  The world so far is very well done.  As I'm not that far in yet I can't comment on everything, but I feel like this is a game that I will spend 70+ hours in, if not more.+ I have not had any random crashing, or issues with graphic glitches.+ I do feel that within the next couple of months this game will get proper patches for PC, and performance will go up+ I can see why some reviewers are upset, but I also feel like patience needs to be had.+ Keyboard and Mouse feels clunky, I easily solved this by plugging in my Xbox 360 controller.As of right now, while I personally enjoy the game, I wouldn't recommend picking it up until proper patches are in place to fix issues that people are having.  That said, I still am giving this a positive review, because I have not had any issues, and the game for me is a positive so far."
,Recommended,524220,30612139,Posted: 19 March,all,sakudan,"Breathtaking game.The story is great, the combat is great, the characters are great, the soundtrack is great.The soundtrack... is really great. The story has lots of depth, but not so much so on the first 2 playthroughs.  The game gets so much better after route B.Worth if you like fun hack and slash boss combat with bullet hell thrown in the mix, if not wait for a sale.Amazing, beautiful game!! (And verrrrryyy challenging if you want it to be, big gap between normal and hard)The dead android bodies of players make it kinda of funny with custom messages, kinda like dark souls. (not typed but selected out of what is available)2b/10(Also the game is fine, not a bad port.  I had no problems at all with everything maxed besides antialiasing and vsync turned off(with 1 GTX 770 with around 30-60 fps and it still looked fine); played on 1920x1080 windowed.  Keyboard controls are fine but weird to get used to, so i used a controller. But if your worried about the port and if it will run ok, dont worry... just don't have way below the minimum specs)"
,Recommended,524220,30633255,Posted: 20 March,all,Gibli,"A fantastic game. Beautiful visuals, fluid combat, almost seamless gameplay. Interesting story. There's a few hiccups here and there, for example the occasional stutter when in the city or the set controls. It feels very dark soulsy, but unique as well."
,Recommended,524220,30997553,Posted: 7 April,all,LARIATO~!,G L O R Y  TO  M A N K I N D  10/10
,Recommended,524220,31427827,Posted: 28 April,all,Reimu,"This is the kind of game where after you beat the game, there's more story afterwards. Definitely loved putting so many hours into this game."
,Recommended,524220,30833668,Posted: 30 March,all,Jack Miller Fox 30 News,"Simply beautiful. Download the Kaldaien patch and enjoy.Praise the 2Booty!So I just finished the game and I'll simply say that this is the best story I've played in over a decade. No other game has made me feel this emotionally invested to its characters like this. When I got the True Ending, I felt empty. Then it hit me, that's exactly what Yoko Taro was looking for. Every single detail is a piece of the puzzle. You thought that things from your first Route were obscure? Think again!Buy this game and support Yoko Taro and Platinum!Keep in mind that you CAN'T save during the Prologue so if you die before then you need to restart the game.RX480 users, install the 16.11.5 drivers or your game WILL crash."
,Recommended,524220,31321694,Posted: 23 April,all,Lioo,"Came for 2B's plot, stayed for the actual plot!I'm a man, but the story hit me emotionally sometimes that hard,that I started to cry not once, but FIVE times, or so, I stopped counting at some point...Great art style, great music, great story, great game!"
76561197993986543,Recommended,524220,30747596,Posted: 26 March,all,Haruto,The only game that made me wish they gonna do some dlcs just to get more of the game. Worth every penny
76561198279050828,Recommended,524220,30747599,Posted: 26 March,all,Stratissk1,"This game is a marterpiece!!The music, the action and the immersion...Just buy it.."
,Recommended,524220,30747981,Posted: 26 March,all,Money,"This game got me way too emotionally involved. When you're a manly man like me, sometimes you wonder if your tear ducts still work. They are working just fine. This game gave it a good test. It's been a while since a video game made me feel feelings. High points for this.Combat is really fun. Low learning curve and yet it's very satisfying to see a whirlwind of sword slashes or some futuristic knuckledusters connecting to send robots flying to the moon. The motion capture is done really well.I really like the music too. I think they really brought the battles to life and made them much more exciting. Beautiful vocal work.I have never heard of Yoko Taro or Platinum Games before playing this game. They are on my watch list now.Definitely worth a proper playthrough."
,Recommended,524220,30748912,Posted: 26 March,all,Marszzzz,This game is amazing. Just buy it.10/10
,Recommended,524220,30749818,Posted: 26 March,all,TecktonikMuffin,"Amazing game, left me speechless.Combat feels amazingly satisfying.Story kept me wanting to find out more.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,524220,30596912,Posted: 18 March,all,abstractalgo,"There's something about the atmosphere in the game, overall quality of execution, constantly switching game style, and pure awesome scale of the gameworld that makes entire experience really fun. Looking forward to discovering the full potential of the game and storyline, but already sure that I didn't regret buying it. Totally recommended!As far as inconsistent framerate ic concerned, I don't care. The joy from the game's content is not compromised imo."
76561198127727767,Recommended,524220,31103676,Posted: 12 April,all,SVxAnnihilation,"This is one of those games every gamer should play. I've never heard of Yoko Taro or Nier before this game, three months ago i thought Nier:Automata was a new IP, but after playing this game I am deeply interested in his work.What happens when a Japenese developer mixes story elements from The Last of Us and the combat from Beyonetta-we get Nier:Automata.It's weird, fun, heartbreaking, and will keep you coming back for more. Buy the game, and get ready for 30+ hours of a masterpiece."
,Recommended,524220,31100257,Posted: 12 April,all,dranerof,AWESOME GAME!!!!
76561198060591535,Recommended,524220,30911203,Posted: 2 April,all,A4L,depressive A F
,Recommended,524220,31102200,Posted: 12 April,all,Timbobmcgee,Incredible. An instant fan of Yoko Taro after playing this game.
,Recommended,524220,30814788,Posted: 29 March,all,Slim Sleeve Steve,"If I could sum this game up in one sentence from the game it would be,""You're thinking about how much you wanna **** 2B, aren't you?"""
76561198022991187,Recommended,524220,31262817,Posted: 20 April,all,Tzukiyo,"I like it; a recommendation. As you can no doubt summize from the other reviews, this game offers something of its own. I have my resevations regardings its status as a masterpice that has something new to say, and/or its relative perfection. But, compared to most games, it is quite grand enough to be worth your time.I would plug the 'Easy Allies' (formerly GameTrailers) video review. A much better general review than this, and one I now quite agree with.This review post, is not the comprehensive summary type, but something of a small (I wont go into detail regarding my conclusions, both for brevity and as this is not the place for a propper spoiler filled discussion) summary of my assesment of Nier: Automata. Forgive me if the tone of this is somewhat pompous, again, it might be mostly a summary for myself.The OST is grand and in a tier of its own. It speaks for itself; go listen. This is not platinum's most exquisite combat, but bears their flair and fluid combat. Story wise... while i dont hold it in as high a regard as many below I like it and recommend it greatly. Themes of identity, existentialism, suffering, hatred, conflict predicated on lack of understanding (etc etc the list goes on) are all present in various forms. While none of these are handled in a way yet unexplored in other media, it is still fairly novel, considering the title's general level of competence, among video games.My praise is that the story and themes are well handled with personality, intent and ambition. The characters are well presented, becoming somewhat tangible and sympathetic even with only a small amount of material to them. Furthermore, the game is noteworthy for its use of the medium in presenting various perspectives to the player. Storytelling media can conjure many perspecives through many methods, games set themselves apart by adding the ability to form perspectives affected by player interaction. Or even just player presence. What Nier adds to this typical arsenal, that is not oft seen in other games, is the exploration of the same or related scenarioes. An example of which would be revisiting a previous scenario with new revelations such that a new perspecive is formed from contrasting with -and compounding on a previous perspective. Fans of the first Nier will know what I refer to. I digress.My chief critique for it, as it approaches art, is that to me it mostly just touches upon and mentiones its themes. At least, compared to a larger body of works, it could stand to probe deeper, and explore questions more fully. However, the work has seeminly touched people, and for the developers, as for any creator, that is likely more than enough. ^w^My other critiques lie in how (aside from the current technical bugs, try the mod/fix), while not short on material, it could hit harder still. And how sidequests, while core in how they add to the world and feel, severely hinder the much more intense pace of the majority of the main story. Some intensity is lost, which could help the story build even better. Some story details sends a lot of mixed information and signals, this is mostly great, and also intentional. But, there are instances of world details and stakes being unclear and unexplained to the player in such a way that it undercuts the emotional impact of select scenes. Had the player been clear on the stakes for these scenes, they way the characters clearly are, their effect could have been greater.This however, mostly apply to endings A and B, the holistic effect by the game's full end is quite good and even. And, for lasting impressions, I think that is what matters the most.While I was not one of those who cried, nor did it come close, I did feel emotion. It did prod well at the right areas. For me I guess it just needed even more material and of the precision, depth, cohesion, and nuance found in the best of other media.I recommend this game on these grounds:-It is different and project of ambition. It has a worthwile identity.-It story and gameplay are both competently executed.-It makes use of the medium. While not every game needs to be Automata. There is lots to be learned here, both in regards to detail and to approach.-Its core philosophy resonates with me.As a note (No spoilers):The game covers multiple playthroughs and endings. Keep playing. Notably, while playthrough 2 is a retread with new revelations, events thereafter are completely new. Thus, this first half up to endings A and B can be considered but the first act. Endings A, B, C, D and E should all be reached for the full experience.Tzu [You must decide what it means to exist.][Because of that,][it's fun!][Norway]"
76561198329284492,Recommended,524220,31308321,Posted: 22 April,all,LuckyJinx117,"An amazing game to play not once, not twice, not even 10 times over. A game to have that much replay value is damn near exctinct these days. Especialy a single player game, the soundtrack is amazing (I highly recommend buying the soundtrack) the dialog is outstanding it matches the emotions in the game. You begin to feel the pain, joy, sarrow for specific characters. The DLC is set to be amazing, YOU GET TO FIGHT THE CEO of Square Enix! I mean come on. So please NieR is by far a must have in your library and in my eyes and many other people's eyes this game right here IS the soon to be Game Of The Year 2017."
76561198040324048,Recommended,524220,31307806,Posted: 22 April,all,Miguel,"Nier: Automata is an aesthetically beautiful game that draws you in with quality and diverse action accompanied by a superb sound track.The story (and side stories) are well written and executed well. If you play games for their story, this is a must-buy. However, with cut scenes able to be skipped and quest markings on the mini map ensure that the story will not interfere with the action if you are playing for the exploding robots.This game succeeds at building an immersive world with characters that make you care.Overall a recommended purchase, except as a fishing simulator."
,Recommended,524220,30604413,Posted: 18 March,all,caBasheet,im in love
76561198240161104,Recommended,524220,31162275,Posted: 15 April,all,Calvin,"I don't even know how to describe this game in a way that would do it justice.Definitely one of a kind - A work of art that shouldn't be missed.For anyone still considering purchasing this, Trust me you won't regret it,Jump on the feels train with the rest of us !"
,Recommended,524220,30630634,Posted: 19 March,all,Don Gaponni,"2B or not 2B, that is the question. The answer is yes."
76561197982096345,Recommended,524220,31192552,Posted: 16 April,all,Honkers,Amazing game! This is truly an embodiment of a good game!
,Recommended,524220,31261150,Posted: 20 April,all,San Solo,It's like playing the Brainchild of Kingdom Hearts 2 and Final Fantasy.If you play through endings A-E (which honesty the full game) the story and gameplay will stay with you forever.10/10 loved every second.
76561198162109336,Recommended,524220,31269407,Posted: 20 April,all,Frank Eddt,"This is my time leaving a review, having finished the main game and most subquests at 38hours.This is by far, the best game I have played in terms of storytelling and soundtrack. The combat is great too, but I can honestly say that no other game has had such an impact on me in term of the characters, the story, and soundtrack. Other RPGs series such as The Witcher, Fable or Mass effect might have a few touching moments, or solid tunes (a few moments in particular come to mind) but I can honestly say that NieR:Automata has more of that than those 9 games combined.The dynamic soundtrack is a masterpiece, with most songs have multiple variations, shifting and changing in intensity as you progress throughout a zone, or as a battle intensifies in a seamless way that will impress and amaze. It may be cliche'd to mention how you'll get goosebumps or a chill down your spine as a result of a song, but I'll say it anyway, you will experience this phenomenon playing this game.The combat is also very interesting, mixing hectic bullet-hell and hack'n'slash in a way I hadn't seen before (not having played previous games in the series or other platinum games). It's always fresh and engaging, with more than enough depth.English: Subs or dubs? I played with dubbed english and didn't think the mismatch between mouth and sound was too distracting, or I was otherwise too engaged to care. 2 moments in particular in 35 hours wasn't too bad. I'm not convinced that the talking during combat, subtitles, hard mode and bullet-hell will mix well so I think I made the right choice with the high quality dubs. Some great english voice acting. But I haven't experienced the subs yet, I can let you know after my next full playthrough, which will be very soon: a testament to the very high quality of this game. Just as soon as I recover emotionally I'll get right back on it.There is an original game called NieR or Nier:Gestalt, but I didn't feel that I lost too much not having played it (not having played it yet, it's been ordered I can assure you). Same as with the prequal series to Nier called drakengard or drag-on-dragoon, not too much was lost. They would have helped sure, and with a bit of research I can see might have made a few scenes more even more impactful, but I was never lost or confused as a result of not having played the original. Although a sequal, NieR automata stands on it's own competently, don't feel you have to hunt down the original game to enjoy this one.You've not finished until you see endings A,B,C,D and E, don't be fooled by ending A or how it LOOKS like it's a repetitive play-through to see ending B (it diverges quite a bit and there is a lot you haven't seen, don't worry). Developer should have called it the end of the prologue or end of chapter 1, it's an utter shame if anybody misses out on the game thinking it's over, when it's only just started because of this wording mistake. If it's not 25 hours +, then you're not finished I promise.Proposal: Buy this game immediately."
,Recommended,524220,31266963,Posted: 20 April,all,MeerDerRuhe,"One of the most beautiful games I've played.I'm enjoying every single detail, the music is fantastic and the story is really deep.This game must be considered an artwork."
76561198053034419,Recommended,524220,30617591,Posted: 19 March,all,Jannis,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,524220,31256386,Posted: 20 April,all,Birb,"Quite possibly one of the best games I've played ever.  Definitely sitting comfortably at my GOTY spot until MAYBE something comes along that might dethrone it.  But after looking through the rest of the titles that come out this year, highly unlikely that's happening.The only complaint I have is that instant-use items with no cooldowns kinda breaks most of the challenge that hard mode would have.  So long as you don't die in 1-hit, you can usually save yourself by spamming healing items.  Also the slow-down near bullets chip kinda breaks some sections.  Oh, and the resolution bug is kinda irritating, but is fixed by installing an easy-to-install mod named ""FAR"" (Fix Automata Resolution).  I also don't like that the game is locked to 60 FPS.  It still feels nice and all, but I have a 144hz monitor and I'm running a GTX 1070.  I wanna experience it ABOVE 60 FPS.  Oh well.  Still pretty solid port otherwise, good graphical options and the like.The story was heart-wrenching and kept me in tears a lot of times, and the true ending was just...  More than I could handle.  I don't think I've ever had a moment in a game touch me quite like that did.Please, do buy and play this game.  It is a masterpiece crafted with a self-evident love for games.  It's unlike anything I've played or experienced before, and you're really doing yourself a disservice by not playing it.  I will say that for some, it might not be worth the $60 price tag, even though it was well worth it for me, but if that is the case, I strongly recommend picking it up while it's on sale.  You will not be disappointed.I honestly can't put a score for this.  I don't believe the amount of enjoyment I had with this can be simplified into a mere number.  So I'll just say it again.  This game is a masterpiece, and you are REALLY missing out if you aren't playing it.  I expect this to shoot Yoko Taro onto the map of directors up there with Hideo Kojima."
,Recommended,524220,31240585,Posted: 19 April,all,Cool Barry,Pros:Good StoryGameplay is fun but challengingCons:Not much to do after finishing besides achievements and finishing up quests.
76561198116973716,Recommended,524220,31190420,Posted: 16 April,all,Zeno,NieR:Automata is an amazing game with satisfying gameplay and a compelling story that will keep you hooked until you have completed all 5 main endings and thereafter. The hack and slash style of this game is challenging enough so it is still rewarding and will punish you if you get lazy however it still lets you feel like a super powerful android destroying anything in its path with massive amounts of epic battles and destroying robots. 9.5/10P.S I haven’t encountered any of the PC port issues like some other players have reported such as low FPS however I did need to play this game in widowed mode so it scaled to my correct resolution.
,Recommended,524220,31055277,Posted: 9 April,all,Moses,"This is Yoko Taro's master piece. Doesn't matter if it's full price or if it goes on sale, this is a must buy. I haven't been this enamoured with a video game in years. The twists and gut shots this story gives is nothing short of incredible, the score is amazing, the combat is fluid and tight; there is no reason to not purchase this game. Simply incredible."
76561198273507884,Recommended,524220,30863818,Posted: 31 March,all,Blob,Neat
,Recommended,524220,30836671,Posted: 30 March,all,Nymh,"10/10 Game, Really good story, combat is fun, has large replay ability"
76561198056068560,Recommended,524220,31013694,Posted: 8 April,all,Valiant Retreat,N:A Got everyting right from the original NieR and added to it. They even decided to keep certain music tracks (in modified version) to keep in canon with the series - the music imo being one of the greatest assets of NieR. I can't recomment this series enough. 10/10
,Recommended,524220,30778639,Posted: 27 March,all,Morokai,"Calling this a ""game"" is insulting honestly. My time with Nier Automata is best described as: ""A beautifully crafted experience.""+An amazing story that ranges from heart-full, to heart-break+A soundtrack that is soothing and peaceful, or energetic and adrenaline-pumping+The controls feel fluid and fun, especially with all the changing perspectives and different styles of combat+Each time you beat the game, it introduces more curiosity and encourages another run through with the biggest twist of all being at the true ending+You get to have Moose friends and are able to ride them anywhere as your trusty steed(s)- You may have to tinker around with graphics and resolution settings a little- For some odd reason or another, you can kill your Moose friendsStop making me cry already/10PS: Where was my free T-shirt when I pre-ordered? ""S**t Square Enix!"""
76561198107693661,Recommended,524220,31027149,Posted: 8 April,all,LaWu103,"Whatever you do, don't skip the credits."
,Recommended,524220,31083824,Posted: 11 April,all,Caver,Masterpiece 10/10. Would make a great MMO.
,Recommended,524220,31071926,Posted: 10 April,all,TsuKiyoMe,"I normally play everything Platinum Games makes simply for the combat and gameplay. What I got out of my nearly 40+ hours with Nier: Automata was way more than I bargained for.The gameplay is primarily the Metal Gear Rising/Bayonetta combat you've come to expect from Platinum as well as several ""Bullet Hell"" style sequences. However there are plenty of unique ""perspectives"" or ""twists"" on the core gameplay that are refreshing. Certain segments may control similar to a game like Contra or Starfox 64 but still feel familiar as the controls and techinques you learned have not really changed. And it does this all seemlessly. Constantly. The entire time you'll put into this story will almost never feel boring, even on subsequent playthroughs.Part of that is largely because the story in this game (What it means to be Human/Machine) and its core characters are simply amazing. This game will make you think, laugh, and even cry and there are very few games I can say that have done that. The game's true ending is perhaps one of the most surreal and amazing moments I've ever had the pleasure to experience in a video game.To top it all off, the soundtrack for this game is incredible. It easily ranks as one of the best I've heard in years and one I will be listening to for a long time.It breaks my heart knowing how few people purchased and played this in the grand scheme of things. This is the kind of game that deserves game of the year and so much more, but probably won't amongst all the other oustanding games that came out at the same time such as Zelda, Horizon Zero Dawn, Persona 5, etc.Masterpiece.There really is no other word to describe this game."
,Recommended,524220,30893281,Posted: 1 April,all,RealFuckingNito,"I don't think a game has ever pulled me in so much. The story just forced me to keep playing, and of course it didn't hurt that the soundtrack, world, and combat are all beautiful. Everything about this game is perfect, never before have I played a game from 7 at night to 6 in the morning and not even realize that much time has passed. Nor has a game ever made me so emotional and actually feel so deeply for the characters.The only negative I really saw was that it might not be clear to everyone that the game is designed to be played multiple times to get the full story. The first ""endings"" are more landmarks in the story than actual ends.Other than that a perfect game and still a 10/10 as long as you play until the real end."
,Recommended,524220,30694682,Posted: 23 March,all,Harpotos,"Quick overview:_____________________________________________#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorProposal: Fix following issues.1.Some people are experiencing various issues with fullscreen mode, such as:Lower internal resolution / graphics being upscaledWorse performance2.There's an issue with effects such as godrays, where they are rendered at a lower resolution (possibly 900p), no matter what resolution you play the game at.3.The game uses many samples for Global Illumination (on all settings, from high to low), which can result in poor performance.To sum it up, the port is definitely not so broken that it can't be played, it's just disappointing that such a great game has technical issues.I will include a section at the end with resources to help improve your experience playing through the game.Well, how is the game itself?The gameplay is great. |The music is great.   The story is great. |The concepts and themes    explored are great. |The endings  are great. Is great.            Is great. |Is great.         Is great.||              Is great.|                                  great._____________________________________________STORY:Quick note, do not watch the cinematic that plays in the menu before creating a new game.It spoils scenes from the story, just like the original Nier's intro did.I want to talk about this part of the game without spoiling anything, so please bear with me. It's going to be a little hard to convey.This game manages to take what the original game did and bring an interesting twist to the story and themes. Generally it feels very different and fresh.It's almost like taking the plunge from Drakengard to Nier 1, but it still manages to stay true to what people fell in love with in Nier 1.You have to play the game through  all the way to ending E to get the full experience.And no, playing through to ending E doesn't mean that you have to play through the same game four times. Ending B is the closest thing to replaying the game and even then you get a very different perspective along with very different gameplay. Everything beyond that is completely original content and gameplay. This was an aspect of Nier 1 that was blown out of proportions too by word of mouth.If you don't mind stories that are very weird and out there, and you have the patience to sit down and understand this game's story, then it's definitely one of the best and most interesting things you can experience in terms of games.Yoko Taro is a god.If you want to get caught up on Nier lore I recommendClemps' analysis videos, he has some great ones on both Nier and Drakengard.If you want to see Nier 1 in it's entirety, you can check outTheSw1tcher's playthrough of it.MUSIC / SOUND:All the track, ranging from overworld tunes to small encounters and big boss fights are all beautifully composed. Not only are there some extremely great tracks on this game's OST, but they also have many different variants, which are used extremely well, both to aid the story and gameplay.Keiichi Okabe is a god.I'd also like to mention that there are some very big pros in terms of the sound design in and of itself. Combat sounds satisfying and when characters interrupt each other they ACTUALLY interrupt each other. There's not some awkward pause, like in a lot of other movies and games, it feels much more natural. Also, you can freely choose between both the English and Japanese voices / subtitles, which is a nice touch. While there are a few performances that are a little lacking, the experience as a whole is great. There's a lot of emotion poured into many scenes.GAMEPLAY:This is one of platinum funnest games to play. There's a lot of good things to note here. First of all, the whole pod and plugin system is great. You get pods that have a main fire mode along with a special pod program. The pods are utilized, not only in normal 3D combat, but also in 2D / bullet hell like sections, along with hybrid sections mixing both gameplay types. The pod programs are powerful abilities on cooldown that can alter the combat a lot.On top of that, plugin chips allows you to create your own playstyle and optimize your setup for specific challenges.PlatinumGames are gods.One of the few games I'd consider giving a 10/10 to, but it's hard to rate a game objectively with a numerical value. It has touched me, entertained me, and made me think. I think it accomplished what it set out to do extremely well._____________________________________________an example of some of the atmospheric music ᶫᶦᶰᵏI recommend playing the game in windowed mode usingBorderless Gaming ᶫᶦᶰᵏto simulate fullscreen. This was the most stable and smooth way for me to play the game,and basically eleminated all issues I had.If you are still having issues with performance,then you can trythis mod ᶫᶦᶰᵏto lower the performance hit of Global Illumination.You can useAutoHotKey ᶫᶦᶰᵏto hide your mouse cursor while playing.Here's a link to a script that does just that:http://www39.zippyshare.com/v/G7HOa1rt/file.htmlMy own personal ReShade for the game:http://www108.zippyshare.com/v/xhELo8YZ/file.html(first time I've shared a ReShade profile, don't what the best way to do it is!)OFF ᶫᶦᶰᵏON ᶫᶦᶰᵏOriginally based on this preset by Kylie. ᶫᶦᶰᵏ_____________________________________________But luckily, it seems like the devs are listening and intend to fix the issues as soon as possible:http://steamcommunity.com/games/524220/announcements/detail/500303861686743473"
76561198039152389,Recommended,524220,30917931,Posted: 3 April,all,serkONE,"I play alot of different types of games with different genres from singelplayer games to online games, i highly recommend this game.The game has an awesome gameplay and skill system and what's even more great is how incredibly beautiful soundtracks it has. The Music theme changes to adapt to the type of area you are in and you just get goose bumps when the music escalates from a calm track to a vocal track of the same song and then escalates even more to a dynamic battle track of the same song.Best game i play/played so far for early 2017."
76561198081333241,Recommended,524220,31028079,Posted: 8 April,all,Longcat,"Operator 6o is too pure for this rotten world. Even if the rest of the game was butt, it would still be GOTY just for her.The fact that the rest of the game is god-tier is just a bonus.Cute lesbian robot/10"
,Recommended,524220,30577656,Posted: 17 March,all,Talamander,"First Impressions:+ Runs smooth at 1080p borderless windowed mode getting 60fps. -- Use a workaround for the borderless mode (i5-4690, GTX 1070)+ Combat is fun+ Story is interesting+ Graphics are beautiful!- Cutscenes are 30fps- Cutscenes also stutter a lot"
,Recommended,524220,30714082,Posted: 24 March,all,Keebz,"I need to re-write my review for this game. I thought I beat it. Thought it was pretty good. Boy was I wrong. It's amazing.Without spoiling anything, let me just saythe story is far from over when you hit the end credits.The way the story develops after that point (namely in part C) is packed with things that made me think and feel.It's games like this that make me love games in general. It ponders the meaning of life, what it means to be human, understanding emotions, love, depression, death, etc. It has the most powerful end credits sequence (for the ""true"" ending) that I have ever experienced. You have to play it to understand.I highly recommend NieR:Automata and I give it a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,524220,31194980,Posted: 17 April,all,Sunscreeen,"I only have only one complaint about this game, a narrative choice that was made which i feel limited the enjoyment that iIgot out of it.However even with that complaint in mind, i would call this game a masterpiece, whose elements form a cohesive experience only available through the medium of video games.I cannot reccommend this game enough--buy it."
,Recommended,524220,30572839,Posted: 17 March,all,Yuri69~<3,‍
,Recommended,524220,31159739,Posted: 15 April,all,💋𝕍ᵃʳᵉᵍᵉˢˢ𝕍ᵒᶰ𝕊ᵒᵐᵇʳᵃ💋,"It's the attention to detail that counts here, folks.10/10 Minigames:- Tony Hawk's Pro Moose Rider- Suicide Simulator- Super Sand Sliding Extreme (Sick 360 Swivel!)- Robot Dating Sim- You failed to dodge, play asteroids now- Remove your HUD for more powerIdk I probably missed a bunch, but you get the point."
,Recommended,524220,30829469,Posted: 30 March,all,عمر,Very fun beat-em-up/shmup/action-RPG hybrid game with a story that has a surprising amount of depth and emotion.
76561198159273681,Recommended,524220,31185263,Posted: 16 April,all,FFFelix,"Very Very Very fun game. The movement of characters are very fluent, the enemies are cute. The BGM are melodic and this makes the game quite relaxing. A must buy game!"
,Recommended,524220,31165700,Posted: 15 April,all,Saika,"I regret nothing.I finished this game on PS4, I did the same thing that others did to help, in order to break their cycle.Then I buy this game in full price on PC. With only one wish that maybe, I will help somebody else, once again, to reach the end.Maybe us human being who have fought each other for 2000 years will not have a Happy Ending.Even though it's meaningless, I still wish...If you still love this worthless world. Survive!!!!"
76561197992474682,Recommended,524220,31170181,Posted: 15 April,all,Erasmus,This game can have my machine\android babies - 10\10
,Recommended,524220,31102372,Posted: 12 April,all,AteAlaska,all around a pretty awesome game
,Recommended,524220,31121266,Posted: 13 April,all,PureMist,"Buy this, play this, love this. Look up Skill Up's review of this because he describes my feelings much better than I can. PLEASE don't stop after the first time you see the credits, you'll be doing yourself a disservice."
,Recommended,524220,31111276,Posted: 12 April,all,Sichuan Huang,2b best girl
76561197961690822,Recommended,524220,30913904,Posted: 2 April,all,Medvayne,"This game was awesome.  For me, it is up there in the same level as Final Fantasy VII.  The plot continuously evolves throughout leaving the player to be in a continuous state of thought and discernment.  I loved every minute of this game and would recommend it to pretty much any gamer who has ever thought about giving it a shot.  Worth every penny."
76561197995242003,Recommended,524220,31129924,Posted: 13 April,all,Grandmaster of Butt Commerce,"ABCDEKWow, this game is nothing if not a work of art. The entire time it feels like your at the hands of a master designer, Yoko Taro and his team have truley made something wonderful with Nier: Automata. The soundtrack, combat and story are all wonderful, it's not without it's flaws sure, but taken as a whole piece, this game is absolutely a piece of brilliant design."
76561198015735957,Recommended,524220,31140654,Posted: 14 April,all,Malvenom,"This game is : wonderful, action-based, story-driven, sci-fi journey, mellee/ranged wreck 'em rpg. Multiple meaningful and meaningless playthroughs."
76561198260391424,Recommended,524220,31140989,Posted: 14 April,all,cassidy,"Pros:Varied, contantly changing gameplay: simple but fun and fluid melee combat, twinstick shooter, side-scroller shmap, top-perspective shmap, bullet hell, Extremely refreshing and fun.Interesting story: anime-like, somewhat cringy, but deep and fascinating;Unusual structure of the game: several very different playthroughts;Japanese voice-over - I prefer to play with original voice-over and english subtitles;Cons:Terrible initial state of the PC port. Developers should be really thankfull to the guy which implemented mod to fix PC port(with it game plays like a charm)Dull early PS3-level graphics. Outdated, pale color palette;Boring and mediocre side-quests, Just skip them to save you time.Low contrast of subtitles - it's hard to read themVerdict 8/10 - fun and really outstanding game. Buy, even without discount, Install mod-fix before you start to play."
76561197971756039,Recommended,524220,31086206,Posted: 11 April,all,InfestedZERO,Great Game
,Recommended,524220,31127143,Posted: 13 April,all,Greyfells,"I'll try to make it short and to the point.-animations are incredible-combat is engaging and challenges the player to think ahead of combos-graphics might have a muted pallet, but they're stunning nonetheless-soundtrack is great-2B is prime waifu materialI usually don't drop $60 on single-player experiences, but this one was well worth it. I'm only a few hours in and I feel like this was my most solid purchase of the year."
,Recommended,524220,30957837,Posted: 5 April,all,Gammer,The first game in a very long time to completely suck me in. Absolutely a must play. Ive replayed it so many times and yet somehow its still not dull.
,Recommended,524220,30709238,Posted: 24 March,all,Swooce,GOTY
,Recommended,524220,31328854,Posted: 23 April,all,Conman The Uber,"Play this game.I knew very little about this game before I bought it.After playing through for 40+ hours.. I can say that this is easily a Landmark game.  I just played through a work of art.You will NEED a controller, and I did have some trouble where the game would drop from Full screen into windowed mode if it ever lost focus; but other I had no technical problems.The graphics and animations are great, the sound track is AMAZING (look it up!) and the story is fantastic.My only real frustration is that I can't fully  talk about this game and how it should be properly appreciated without dropping a ton of spoilers."
76561197993421846,Recommended,524220,31066655,Posted: 10 April,all,Dectilon,"My only reservations with this game are the keyboard controls (really not sure why you can't bind dodge to a stand-alone button) and one of the later story missions which was tedious enough that I looked up the right way to do it on youtube.Beyond that, the combat is great and the music is excellent and evocative. It's stylish both in character design, animation, presentation and even use of camera angles on occasion. The characters are strong, and the story is unafraid to go where it wants. I feel like I can already say that this will rank as one of the best games of the year."
,Recommended,524220,32769724,Posted: 25 June,all,太太犬太大,"This game is really a master piece.Game Graphic 7/10Smoothness 9/10Control 8/10Game Design 9/10Background Story 9/10Soundtrack 10/10Story A ----- Omg, is this the ending? I spent about 50 USD just for this ending???Soon  >>  Oh.. there is a continue after story A ended.Story B ----- Ahhh, is so wasting time to replay entire story as 9S, only 1 light attack available. Boring..Story C ----- Oh my god !! This game is really awesome !!!  I am thinking whether we can use A2 to play the entire game, looks interesting.Story D ----- Hmm??? Chapter select will make everything easyStory E ------  Only 4 or probably 5 story consider as true ending.Ending F~Z ----- not a formal ending ( optional )Be honest, this game is not suitable for gamer who seeking for gaming experiences like devil may cry or beyond.For me this game is just act as a novel with sorrow ending. Perhaps this game will penetrate deeply into your concious, by the way it has been expanded my imagination and slightly twist my thought.Trust me you might get frustrate after you finish Ending A,you will exhaust after you finish Ending B,But please continue, until you finish Story D, (Play as A2 to kill 9S)      [story C is play as 9s to kill A2]All of your satisfaction will be fulfill.Buy it at USD35-40 or lower. Normal Price doesn't worth it"
76561197965662928,Recommended,524220,30684718,Posted: 23 March,all,KnIf0r^TITAN,"Maybe game of the year, almost certainly one of the most important video games ever created. Fast paced addictive combat, sorrowful yet heart warming story, one of the best soundtracks in any game i have ever played...... also a fantastic true ending with a choice that will test any players soul and resolve in a very real way.This is a game that could ONLY ever be a game, it could never be a film or book, an interactive experience in its most true sense..... it can't be told to you, only experianced for yourself.Don't miss out on a true gaming classic."
,Recommended,524220,32846387,Posted: 27 June,all,udon,Proposal: Play this game.
,Recommended,524220,31087892,Posted: 11 April,all,D;ewdben,"This game is incredibly unique. You can really feel the effort and heart that was put into this game by the developers.It is not the typical AAA game where everything is easy and every design choice is made with the player's mental well-being in mind. However, after playing all the endings through, I'm left very satisfied and happy. I can overlook all the flaws of the game simply because of how enjoyable it was.NieR:Automata is not for everyone, but for those of you who take on its challenge, you'll be rewarded."
,Recommended,524220,31066913,Posted: 10 April,all,FenTyrris,"NieR:Automata left me with tears in my eyes, a feeling of emptiness and a craving for more after delivering the most outstanding gaming-experience I've had in years.Director Yoko Taro sends you on a rollercoaster of emotions and tells a story imbued with captivating characters, deep philosophical themes and multiple endings presented in a way only possible in a video game. This is accompanied by Platinum Games' trademark fluent action gameplay with beautiful animations and one of the greatest soundtracks ever conceived for a game.While the core gameplay mechanics might be rather simple compared to Platinum's other titles I never got tired of it due to the variety of ways in which different gameplay elements are implemented. While you are mainly playing from a 3rd person view the game often switches camera perspectives to a top-down view or 2D passages or it just switches the genre completely and turns into a Shoot-em-up, constantly switching it up to avoid becoming tedious.The only real critcism I have is that the ""normal"" difficulty poses no challenge, while on ""hard"" the game can be frustrating at times. A sweet spot in between is missing, but that is bearable since the gameplay is more designed to be visually appealing to go along with the story rather than to provide a challenge à la Dark Souls.Also, some people are having problems with the PC version of the game, but I did not encounter any major technical flaws that would have harmed my experience.For me, NieR:Automata is already the indisputable Game of the Year and truly a masterpiece that I will fondly remember, and come back to, for years to come.10/10"
,Recommended,524220,32057289,Posted: 30 May,all,Captain Comfy,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,524220,30971238,Posted: 5 April,all,AfterMath01,First game that's managed to make me tear up. Yoko Taro and Hideo Kojima are the gods of making games and have yet to disappoint me in the slightest.
76561198057093944,Recommended,524220,30796397,Posted: 28 March,all,Grelo,This game is a masterpiece with some technical issues. Yoko Taro is one crazy man :) .
76561198054761749,Recommended,524220,30795631,Posted: 28 March,all,Cookie,One of the best stories I've ever played. This is a game definitely up there with the Witcher series and Skyrim.
,Recommended,524220,31595868,Posted: 6 May,all,zarias,"Overhyped, but still good."
,Recommended,524220,30795455,Posted: 28 March,all,Funny Horse Cartoon,"+Amazing story that touches on themes of philosophy, depression, grief+Bayonetta-lite combat system that feels smooth and fun+Gameplay that goes from hack-n-slash to bullet hell to beat em' up sidescroller to text adventure+Characters that actually have personality and are worthy of having an emotional investment in+Sidequests that actually feature character developement and touching stories+Fantastic OST-The sidequests' gameplay is pretty uninspired (go here, get me this item, come back)-Technical issues (but Fix Automata Resolution fixes pretty much all of them)I really wish I had heard of Yoko Taro and his games sooner because if Drakengard/Nier are even half as good as this, I've been missing out.Get this game."
76561198059435806,Recommended,524220,30646005,Posted: 20 March,all,preedyelj,"I just finished this game, and spent the past hour trying to think of something that I didn't like about it.  As of yet, I can't think of anything.  It's a bit early to say definitively, but this may be one of my favorite games I have every played.  If you are on the fence, I highly advise you to purchase this game, as I think it is worth every penny.  It is best if you have played the original NieR, but it is not mandatory to enjoy the game."
76561198085749803,Recommended,524220,30609588,Posted: 19 March,all,Alkarius,"didnt had fun like that in on a game in a long time... wich is never, I clearly recommend it."
76561198019320458,Recommended,524220,30609530,Posted: 19 March,all,Zidane Lionheart,One of the best games I have ever played. So good.
,Recommended,524220,30609587,Posted: 19 March,all,Hubert Cumberdale,Highly recommend
76561198252711888,Recommended,524220,30609621,Posted: 19 March,all,Vladbitter,Very fun game to be honest im not the best at it with keyboard. I originally played the demo on ps4 so i was hoping it would have full controller support on pc. But i guess i will have to wait
,Recommended,524220,30628429,Posted: 19 March,all,shawnzhu,I lost my steam cloud data wtf
76561198081688729,Recommended,524220,31982152,Posted: 26 May,all,Italian Sandvich,"I can see a lot of the reviews on here have been negative recently so I'm gonna list the pros and cons I've seen thus far.Pros:+One of the best storylines I've seen in years+Very well developed characters each one being fleshed out properly.+Fluid combat system+Nice transitions from 3d to sidecsrolling action+Good rewards for taking the time to explore the map+Each side quest has its own story to tell+Soundtrack is exceptional+Graphics are top notch+2B's♥♥♥♥♥Cons:-Bad PC port-Forced to use 3rd party software to fix resolution problems-Reported crashing-Dev's have stayed quiet on fixes for the gameOverall, I would recommend this because the pros far outweigh the cons.The resolution problem is the only bad experience I've had with this game and I was able to fix it just by looking for a solution with a google search.I've heard of crash reports on this but have never experienced one myself nor a friend who I have let play through shared steam libraries thus i can't speak for that part.I hope that the negative reviews don't deter you from buying this because to me if a problem with a game can be solved in less than 10 minutes than it shouldn't be deserving of a negative review.For those having problems fixing the resolution download ""borderless gaming"" and run it with the game.You will never have a problem with the resolution again."
,Recommended,524220,31983326,Posted: 26 May,all,Scorch,"Best game I have ever played.  Should you choose to pick it up, do not let anything keep you from finishing it to completion.  It will be an experience that sticks with you for years to come."
,Not Recommended,524220,30678717,Posted: 22 March,all,ColdVergil,"Do not buy this game. It's been 3 months with no updates even though they said they were going to, proof herehttp://imgur.com/a/cMYS0"
,Recommended,524220,30890220,Posted: 1 April,all,amphibian,I bought this game to help me wait for the release of Dark Souls III: The Ringed City.I am currently playing Dark Souls III: The Ringed City to help me wait for the next Nier game.
76561198039510272,Recommended,524220,31178500,Posted: 16 April,all,TrueHero,"So, I'm not normally one to write reviews unless I really love a game, and oh my god I do love this game.NieR: Automata is one of the finest games I've played in my entire life. The soundtrack is phenominal and I believe most people agree that it's one of the best soundtracks of all time. The story is emotional and thought provoking with excellent character development. The gameplay is that slick platinum gameplay but with more of a focus on rpg aspects.This game reminds me of my childhood playing on the ps2 and experiencing so many unique games that shapped me into the gamer i am today. This game reminded me games can still be art and stand out from the overcrowded market of FPS military games. Ending E made my jaw drop so hard and cry tears of, not just joy or sadness, but also of awe, It makes me happy that even to this day a game can suprise me and make me feel like a kid playing super mario 64 or dark souls again.10/10 can not recommend enough"
76561198158875259,Recommended,524220,30607060,Posted: 18 March,all,denver,Everything runs perfect:No full screen problemsGreat combatBeautiful environments and charactersgood replay valueGood voice actingrecommend 100%! Especially for those who want something different/more
,Recommended,524220,30722791,Posted: 25 March,all,Samuel Hydberg,My favorite malaysian moving picture drama
76561198159618528,Recommended,524220,31341205,Posted: 24 April,all,Social LAMB,"The story, world and experience are nothing other than fantastic.The musical score is intense and fitting for backdrops.Demos that exist don't do Automata justice as they make it appear as ""just another action game"" when it's really not.My intial concern was that the combat system would feel stale quickly, however combos flow nicely and mixing up equipped weapons changes attacks.Happy that my 970M can run this comfortably at 1080p. (Without AA though). :)"
76561198099184868,Recommended,524220,32690190,Posted: 23 June,all,SyntaxError,"One-of-a-kind game that had me still thinking about it for days after finishing.The story is deep, dramatic, philosophical, multi-layered, and, last but not least, breathtakingly beautiful. The way it reveals itself in several subsequent playthroughs via different perspectives is a genius design. The supporting soundtrack is the best I've ever heard in PC gaming. The graphic design is amazing and thankfully free of SJW influence. A true gem.I did install the FAR mod (which is very easy to do) and never experienced a single crash, notable slowdown or other issues, I was lucky I guess.I would say GOTY, but that would be selling NieR short. It's a game that has had a similarly massive impact on me like Knights of the Old Republic 1 or the Mass Effect trilogy."
76561197970866245,Recommended,524220,31279393,Posted: 21 April,all,Kickass Anime,"Bought this game on a whim, should listen to my instincts more often, this game has everything you could ask for.Great OSTFluid fight mechanicsExcellent storyLasting appeal excellentEaster eggsJapanese audio optionEpic battlesAs you can see I've played this for over 330 hrs now and I have to say I'll be playing it again when the DLC comes out, the only gripe I have is that a patch hasn't been forthcoming for all the issues that the community have been experiencing. I had TOZ and TOB down as my favourite recent games but this wins by a country mile it a 9.8 out of 10 for me."
76561198000827309,Recommended,524220,31281065,Posted: 21 April,all,andreagrazini,"First time i enjoy replaying a game this much. this game isa rare jewel admist a lot of AAA garbage the game industry is trying to throw at us. It is so amazing that even if there were problems i didnt recognize them, cause the game is really awesome. One of the best game i have ever played in my 22 year gaming experience."
,Recommended,524220,30620528,Posted: 19 March,all,Helium 3,This game is great but please patch it.  I swear.
76561198014561335,Recommended,524220,31365839,Posted: 25 April,all,3fitty7ven,"One of the best action adventure titles I have played. Although slightly overrated.Nier : Automata is an openworld action adventure that has hint similarities of the Legend of Zelda titles. With that said, This game has alot to explore, great combat mechanics, and an excellent soundtrack to boot.The story has somthing to do with Androids fighting machine lifeforms, and mankind is close to extinction. At the start, It is heavily implied that the machines are with out a doubt evil and nasty. soon after you find out that there are machines that have grown personalities, and morals. and this gives the game a fantastic look at the qualities of what it is to be human. I did find it a little odd when I ended up saving a machine from death, and had my character talk to it like a lost child while escorting him to his mother, only to have them say 5 seconds later ""machines are evil, they must die"" (Heavy Paraphrasing there)Gameplay is fantastic, there is tons to do in this game, and there is a great variety of gameplay mechanics ranging from the top down Ikaruga style shooter, to castlevania sidescrolling action, to full open world exploration. combat is very fast, where you have multiple types of weapons and abilities to tear and annhililate your foes, and a reactionary dodge function that if timed correctly allows you to counter attack your foes with an impressive move.The Difficulty is painfuly obvious between normal and hard almost to the point of feeling extremely unbalanced. I picked hard to start off, and after 6 or so hours getting 1 shotted by every attack the first boss did. I decided to tone down the difficulty and the game became significantly easier to the point where I played through the game start to finish without ever dying once. With that said, C'mon. The first boss kills you in one hit with every attack? there is a difficulty that has it so everything one hits you. and even though the difficulty is hard, ITS THE FIRST BOSS! WTF!?Overall, The Gameplay, Visuals, Audio, And content of this game is supurb. The main story I felt was lacking in some areas, but the side stories with the machines made up for it. The Difficulty i feel also needs some rebalancing between Normal and Hard.overall 8.5/109S ftw."
,Recommended,524220,31169723,Posted: 15 April,all,Nicko Black,First few hours; This games pretty goodSecond playthrough: This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazingThird playthrough: This is my favorite game of all time.
76561198093696020,Recommended,524220,31402377,Posted: 27 April,all,CASP3R,"at quick glance it looks like another japanese hack and slash sci fi adventureonce you pick it up you realize it blends genres together with a mix of old school bullet hell greatness, some hack and slash (but in a methodical non cheesey way)  all wrapped in a cozy little insane futuristic story about alien robots taking over the earth.10/10 would squee with excitment again"
,Recommended,524220,30572818,Posted: 17 March,all,Not just any tactician,"Died in first boss encounter in what I think was the tutorial... got a nice message saying how bad I was, credits rolled and yeah... took me back to the main menu. But that butt tho. 2bootyI'd proberly have to pay more attention to the acutal game next time."
76561198118276532,Recommended,524220,31846791,Posted: 19 May,all,FloridaMan,"Im not gonna lie, when I first saw this game I wrote it off without a second thought. At the surface it looks like wierd japanese wierdness, and it kind of is. But if you take time to play it, It actually has a powerful story if not a terrible original one. It made me feel empathy for the machines I was killing. While I play this one for a controller, rather than keyboard+mouse, they are well laid out and intuitive. Movement is fluid. The graphics are a bit janky but I can personally overlook it. Worth a try for sure, wait for a sale if you aren't sure, but I believe it is worth a play."
,Recommended,524220,30974505,Posted: 6 April,all,ShieldSynopsisGuy,"Jesus Christ. And I'm not just saying that because of the heavy Bible imagery.Quick Pros/Cons list. Pros: Music, Voice Acting, Atmosphere, Combat, Upgrade System, Characters. Cons: Bullethell stuff comes out of left field, hacking is repetitive, and after a while the sheer weight of the depression this game heaps on you eventually gives you worse back problems than the average Steam user already has.The more I think about this game, the more it frustrates, depresses, and generally pains me.But it's also an incredibly well-written, well-designed game, and a lot of love was clearly put into it.6O Best Girl."
76561197967571077,Recommended,524220,32004939,Posted: 27 May,all,The_Ring-Bearer,"This is an action rpg with many cool ideas and multiple endings that encourage you to replay the game from different view points. While there are 26 endings (one for each letter of the alphabet) only A-E are actual endings, with the rest of them mostly joke endings such as when you uninstall your OS or die in the prologue. Not every idea it has is a winner in its execution, but the general execution of the game along with the height of its best ideas raise the game up to be a memorable one.Notably the game tries to channel the player non-interaction of Dark Souls in the guise of the corpses of where your fellow players died which you can use for minor temporary bonuses. But after 5-10 hours you can just ignore them. Yet this player non-interaction does eventually play out in a rather impressive way by the end.The game starts out challenging, including the prologue itself to a certain degree, but mostly because there is no way to save until you complete the prologue. If you die, you even have to reach your corpse to collect all your equipment and items since your last save. Yet once you get the right equipment, death becomes neigh impossible through the use of auto-healing unless you want to crank up the difficulty.I feel like I spent 10 hours more than I would had liked with this game as I tried to complete the side quests, farm for upgrades, and extract all the enjoyment I could from the game. While the side quests can sometimes be annoying to complete, they often have a nuget of a cool story bit with each of them. Regardless, whatever self-inflicted bad taste I had in my mouth was washed away by the final ending.One thing to note about attempting side quests and farming early is that the game offers more and more quality of life options as the game progresses. It starts with teleporting between every save point, the ability to open locked chests, unlocking a ride-able animal at each save point, and finally a chip that lets you auto collect all those items in a decent radius that you had to walk up and push a button to collect. And if you hate being a completionist, well you'll eventually unlock a merchant who will flat out just sell you the game's achievements.Sometimes complaining points to genuine problems with the game, other times when a game is so good, the few problems it has seem more glaring. With Nier, it is squarely in the latter. The game becomes more depressing with each play through and I enjoyed seeing it through to the very end. Notably I found the start of route C and the final ending E to be the standout moments of this that I will remember for quite some time.Despite this, my one legitimate complaint is the poor quality of the PC port. I had a number of crashes when I played in full screen mode (which had an ugly black box around the screen). Until I played in Windowed mode for the rest of the game. I feel like it could had used a little more time and polish on this end.Never the less, I enjoyed my time with Nier and would recommend it to anyone.For the Glory of Mankind"
,Recommended,524220,30743110,Posted: 25 March,all,Tarakona,This thing is a good thing
,Recommended,524220,31659362,Posted: 9 May,all,Krackle,"After finishing all of the major endings, I can say that NieR:Automata is one of the best games I've ever played. It's a work of art and a testament of good game design and storytelling.Even with the framerate issues during a couple of bossfights that contain numerous particles, game-crashing bugs, and poor resolution support (although, 3rd party fixes like borderless gaming exist), this game is still a blast to play. Although the game crashed for me multiple times during the intro sequence, the epic soundtrack and the combat made it a good experience.The less I spoil, the more you'll enjoy it. Pick it up."
,Recommended,524220,30573795,Posted: 17 March,all,Raunchy Ramirez,Pretty good so far. Some minor issues that I'm sure will be fixed soon.
,Recommended,524220,31149260,Posted: 14 April,all,cassetto,"Very good game. The style is amazing and the story complex but not impossible to understand. Much more RPG than I was expecting, and that was a pleasant surprise. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,524220,30645344,Posted: 20 March,all,.mkev,You can ridemoose.10/10
76561198321762681,Recommended,524220,32792433,Posted: 25 June,all,Riderofkarma,Lives up to the substantial hype. No glitches so far at all.
,Recommended,524220,31889718,Posted: 21 May,all,Efi,Amazing . . . The art style is amazing . . .
,Recommended,524220,32755986,Posted: 24 June,all,Moa La Moana,"5/7 2booty, ty based yoko taro"
,Recommended,524220,30663301,Posted: 21 March,all,Grim Konstantin,"Some bugs, some port issues, but it was worth it for me.All I can suggest, is play it on your own, make your own choices, and don't give up."
,Recommended,524220,30663787,Posted: 21 March,all,BunnyLord,"I bought this game really not expecting much, boy... this turned my world upside down.I was marked by the profound thoughts you do get from this game. And had my self asking what differentiates us from machines... It is actually a good question.. This game gives an understanding of certain things and gave me alot of hard descisions and tears. But dam it is worth it. The mental pain almost feels real at one moment. And that is something ive never been able to experience in any other video game ive ever played.This is an amazing game. I do truly give props to the creators. I have yet to see this level of worksmanship on any other game.I could go on about this but some things need to be found out for themselves. Whatever you do, do not give up, we are with you.I recommend this game to just about anyone of course of proper maturity to understand what this game has to offer truly.Alsographics 7.5/10 they dont need to be better thoughStory :  12.5/10Music : 10/10Combat gameplay : 9/10 a bit difficult and annoying from time to timePhilosophy, tears, feelings and emotion OVER 9000!!!! /10"
76561198095333006,Recommended,524220,30663400,Posted: 21 March,all,masterpiece,"I enjoy it. Give yourself like 1hr to start, because there will be no save points."
76561198294825834,Recommended,524220,30663587,Posted: 21 March,all,Samuel Dizzo,"I love it a lot, and I use a television with the sharpness turned to 0.I also have a low end processor (with a lot of cooling) and a GTX 680, with 16gb of ram and I can run this game VERY well as long as I have anti-aliasing turned off. I can have all the other settings on high.Windowed mode is lame but the UI has no issue with it and I am completely immersed anyway.I can't say I enjoyed any other game this much, by just ignoring the main mission and exploring and doing side missions. Characters and detail, being able to kill 20 levels higher than me is very addicting, so I know nothing about the main story yet LOL.That means... back to it!"
,Recommended,524220,33598516,Posted: 16 July,all,abztract,"""Romios and Juliets"" was totally worth the price of admission."
,Recommended,524220,33758866,Posted: 23 July,all,AVC Anopey,Just... Give it the GOTY please
,Recommended,524220,30654037,Posted: 21 March,all,Silmeris,"This is honestly one of the best games I've ever played. It's so well done, so well rounded, and constantly surprises me. You know those games where you think you're going to be clever, and the game calls you out on it? This is one of those games in the best possible way. It draws you into the world so hard, and it's filled with little mechanics and concepts that feel familiar from other games, but that are executed here exceedingly well. The combat in the game feels like Bayonetta, it pulls some familiar death mechanics from Dark Souls (seeing where other players died, collecting parts from your own previous bodies). The overall feel of the game reminds me so much of Phantasy Star Online, from the operators in a space-base communicating with explorers and soldiers on the ground trying to claim a dangerous planet for human settlement. Some of the massive bosses remind me of Shadow of the Colossus, and I'm sure there's dozens of other small, interesting ideas they've picked up from various other sources to refine and create a game that all my friends are honestly sick of me gushing about constantly. Buy this game, play through it- There are like 26 endings because the creators are literally insane. I cannot even put into words how much I love this game."
,Recommended,524220,30679711,Posted: 22 March,all,Forerunner,"""...If history forgets about this game, then ♥♥♥♥ history"" - Jim Steriling.I dont think I can say that better. This game is worth all of your time, full price, and will leave you wanting more even though it is a complete story. The only time I've ever wanted a game to have a season pass for some backstory DLC of some characters and story. Please support this game."
,Recommended,524220,31368207,Posted: 25 April,all,Ryan,Without a doubt the best game of the past decade
,Recommended,524220,32143110,Posted: 2 June,all,pepsironi rolls,"Let me just start out by explaining some of the bad reviews which come from Square Enix not releasing a patch since release. I installed the FAR mod before even playing the game, which allows you to run the game in native resolution, 60 FPS and adds much needed improvements, and have had little to no problems while playing the game. Now let's go on with the review.This game is AMAZING, I don't usually write reviews but I feel this game deserves the praise. The comedy is hilarious when it needs to be, whether it be the ability to remove the Operation System of your character or accusing one of the protagonists of ""wanting to $#@%"" the female lead, it had me laughing. The combat feels smooth, and refined with swaps between sword play, and classic bullet hell, and there's varying amounts of weapons, upgrades and abilities to change it to how you like. The characters I absolutely loved, even ones that seem like they were made to be disliked I grew onto after finding out their stories,and 2b’s gotta nice butt.As for the story, I absolutely loved it, it pulled at my heart on several occasions making me care about and feel for machines, and anytime I thought I fully understood the world and what was happening, something new would happen, leaving me craving for the more information, you'd think you figured it all out and them BAM, your whole world get rocked. The atmospheres are captured perfectly with a post-apocalyptic, post-war, nature has reclaimed with world, type setting which can look beautiful, but feel eerie and mysterious, leaving me wanting to learn what had happened. But it isn’t all perfect.I have a only a few complaints about this awesome game such as the hacking minigame, which you used A LOT get boring very quickly, as you repeat the same thing over and over it feels more and more like a chore. The story goes a bit stale after the first ""Act"" as I'll put it,You basically rerun the whole beginning story as a different characterbut then it quickly ramps up. The environments can feel dull as the colors almost feel washed out and some of the building and terrain can look odd at times (buildings that look incredible square). And obviously, the lack of patching which requires you to download the FAR mod to enjoy the game in 1920/1080 res with 60 FPS."
76561198039330239,Recommended,524220,31933183,Posted: 24 May,all,Black (MinDog),i would great game if you into final fantasy the what like but more different what i like about its got some cool minigames
,Recommended,524220,31159072,Posted: 15 April,all,Barbossa,"Beautiful ♥♥♥♥ing game.Story - Mind blowing 10/10Graphics - 7/10 but for that booty I give it a 9/10Combat style - The fighting style for sword to sword is pretty great, I'm just not a fan of the lock-on camera 8/10Sure this game has some optimization issues, but it didn't stop me from enjoy this game that is a masterpiece."
76561198086938982,Recommended,524220,32776698,Posted: 25 June,all,NieR,"overall is very good , just the full screen problem , please fix it ASAP !!"
,Recommended,524220,30897667,Posted: 2 April,all,Digitalwizrd,Pros+ open boxes as link+ badass hitting mofo+ open world+ nice graphics+ First boss is an oversized mechanical monster that will be able to kill you on normalcons- you can't save before you killed first boss
76561198064116532,Recommended,524220,30898443,Posted: 2 April,all,xLighT,Masterpiece
76561198210834153,Recommended,524220,33744209,Posted: 23 July,all,Red Rohan,"Do whatever fix or tweak you can to get past the bugs, because this game is ♥♥♥♥ing worth it.Used my first two hours of eligible refund gametime troubleshooting and i'm glad i gambled my last few minutes to make this game work.One warning i can give, not recommended for the faint of heart or those with strong depressive tendencies."
,Recommended,524220,30760650,Posted: 26 March,all,THe_FaTRaT,"Definitely worth buying, one of those games ,,just cantresist!"
,Recommended,524220,30780301,Posted: 27 March,all,Badest,The game deleted all my save files.10/10
,Recommended,524220,30780947,Posted: 27 March,all,ToxicTurtle,good
,Recommended,524220,30817884,Posted: 29 March,all,x²,Glory to Mankind.
,Recommended,524220,30866048,Posted: 31 March,all,Schwªg™,"I want to thank you and spank you upon your silver skinRobots don't care where I've beenYou've got to choose it to use it, so let me plug it inRobots are my next of kinRHCP - Go RobotI'm not usually a fan of JRPGs/anime based stuff, but this game is fantastic. I had never heard of the NieR/Drakengard franchise until I  stumbled upon this in the Steam store. There is a ton of backstory that you can find to make the game make more sense. It has a MGS'esque story delivery(at least to me). The DX .dll hook fixes the resolution issues. Tomb Raider SLI nvinspector bits work great at 4K/60Hz with 2 GTX 1070s (if you were wondering if there was a profile/fix). A controller is a must. It will punish you if you die. Needs moar A2. Buy it."
76561198085539636,Recommended,524220,30866447,Posted: 31 March,all,Azoic,Great game and I widh there was more but its not sadly
76561198019722817,Recommended,524220,30600672,Posted: 18 March,all,Yammers,"My thoughts about the game so far:The combat goes smoothly and is really intuitive.The soundtrack of this game is absolutely amazing!Open world that isn't confusing.The story is great, it really makes you think what is right and wrong."
,Recommended,524220,30620432,Posted: 19 March,all,killamckiller,"I struggled with the first part of the game but once past that It's been a great experience.  I've been playing a lot of ESO and a few other Medieval based games. I wanted something more based in the future.  I saw a few videos on this and it was either Mass Effect or NieR.  So glad I picked this game.  It's has a different feel than any game I've played and I really enjoy the combat style, upgrades, storylines, and characters.  Definitely one of my top ten favorites as of right now. Exactly what I was looking for, Will look for more from this developer in the future."
,Recommended,524220,30620714,Posted: 19 March,all,T4l0n,"This game is a praise to the videogame, as an interactive media, as a storytelling device, as an immersive tool. It mixes hack n slash with classic rpg with bullet hell in a marvellous fashion. The gameplay is top Platinum Games quality, with fantastic controls and insanely great bosses, the story and atmosphere are deep and cathartic , it's a story that utilizes the interactive nature of games to its fullest, that's why it excels.Do i even need to talk about the musics ? We are talking about a candidate to the best videogame ost ever here.Do a favor to yourself and play this game."
,Recommended,524220,30623016,Posted: 19 March,all,fish.heads,"This game does not letterbox non-16:9 aspect ratios, making it superior to 99.9% of Japanese PC ports."
,Recommended,524220,30634076,Posted: 20 March,all,Bambae,"This game is so beautiful and I really am enjoying my time!! I have about 20 hours on the game so far, since I was stuck on the Goliath Spider #2 for about 3 hours. I love this graphics, the OST, and just overall story. I love the character developement and weapon options to choose from. I  would advise anyone to spend their money on this game, you're not going to regret it!  I did have some problems in full screen mode. But other than that, a great♥♥♥♥♥game!!! Also that self destruct is really nice!!! Love the booty!! Glory to Mankind!!!!!"
,Recommended,524220,30673615,Posted: 22 March,all,MiniorDebry,"Nier Automata combines Yoko Taro's story with Platinum Games combat to create a rather fun game. Its soundtrack dynamically changes as you play the game, with calm versions for running around and dynamic versions when fighting. Its combat is extremely fluid and getting hit is your fault most of the time. Difficulties Very Hard and Hard provide a very nice challenge while Normal and Easy are very accessible for new players. Controls for the gamepad can even be rebound completely in game without steam.There are some issues with the game however such as the tutorial has no checkpoints/save points. This is around 30 minutes at most to do once you know what to do, but some players will get stuck there for a couple hours if they refuse to turn down the difficulty. KBM is not recommended for this game, while it is playable it will be rather hard to play due to constant camera angle changes."
,Recommended,524220,30674223,Posted: 22 March,all,Heliosu,"Apart from a few bugs with the full & windowed screen settings, causing it to open white for me (thank you obs for making me be able to see the menu screen) and lag, which after an 30 minutes or so of tinkering my settings on NVIDIA control panel. This game is on of the best games I've played in a while. I suggest playing it with a controller because frankly the mouse & keyboard controls suck♥♥♥♥♥and you already get enough of that from 2B ;D. The game keeps you busy with action packed fights, MANY side quests and 26 endings, some of which are funny because of the stupidity. The OST is amazing and I personally enjoy listening every track, causing me to wonder in an area just to listen to the music, whoops."
,Recommended,524220,30695574,Posted: 23 March,all,<deft>,This game has me thinking about it at work. My obsession reminds me of dark souls
,Recommended,524220,30705796,Posted: 24 March,all,Allurein,"I love it. Hacking gets old pretty quick, but other than that its GOTY."
,Recommended,524220,30727005,Posted: 25 March,all,Big J,"To be honest, this game is not for everyone - it's too wierd for that. But for those that can stand an eccentric game, this game will meet and rise above your expectations for it. Do not take my word for it, simply go play it. There are too many pros to list (not to mention many of them are spoilers in of themselves), so I will simply state a shallow list of cons I have experienced:The chosen way of storytelling, in bits and pieces leaves you confused, and possibly off put during the first playthrough.The dialogue is pretty cheesy (Although much like a Kojima game, despite its cheesiness it still stands effective to cause the player to grow attached and to feel emotion, and not simply laugh at it).Sidequests are not always super fun, and require backtracking quite often.Those are truly the only three cons, while only one (the third) is truly anything negative towards the game. 9/10."
,Recommended,524220,30730575,Posted: 25 March,all,McSuto,"NieR: Automata is about an organization of androids fighting the machine menace so that Earth can be safe again for the humans on the moon to come back to. Note this game has 26 endings, 5 being main endings.This game is beautiful. There are many characters in this game that you will feel some sort of attachment to and will love. The gameplay is simple yet plays like Dark Souls where it's your mistake if you get injured or die. You can choose your own style of combat such as adding more attack buffs to deal more damage, defense buffs to stay in the fight longer or a mix of both. One thing I love to note is that the soundtrack of this game is beautiful. I would love to have my own copy of the soundtrack/s.Overall: NieR: Automata is perfect.Score: 9/10"
,Recommended,524220,30734147,Posted: 25 March,all,Feldherren,"It's only March, and NieR: Automata is probably going to remain my game of the year for the duration. It's an exceptional followup to both Drakengard 3 and NieR: Gestalt/Replicant."
76561198026868508,Recommended,524220,30738101,Posted: 25 March,all,Martin,"Great game, port could be better.Please bring the first Nier to pc."
76561198120646147,Recommended,524220,30780433,Posted: 27 March,all,arfaboulius2,"FIrst 8 hours so far are everything I could ask in a game, it feels like love.Very small complaints :1. It has RPG elements, but is also an action game.What is good about action games is that you level up your own mind, not your characters, but with RPG elements you have to level your crap or you'll face monsters 40 levels above you and have to spend 30 minutes chipping at their health. Some people like it, I think it's for scrubs.2. It's sometimes hard to tell what is an attack and what is just an harmless effect as well as sometimes there are too much effects to know what's going on.3. You can slide ""up"" in the sand, that's weird.Otherwise, the attention to detail is phenomenal, the animations are beautiful, so far it feels like every bit of story might be significant, it makes the story very intriguing."
76561198044697717,Recommended,524220,30818371,Posted: 29 March,all,Cevax,I want dlc
,Recommended,524220,31209702,Posted: 17 April,all,Thr33Swords,Absolutely amazing game. Get this game!
,Recommended,524220,31209240,Posted: 17 April,all,Conf,"Even if the port is far from perfect, the game behind it is superb."
,Recommended,524220,30845936,Posted: 30 March,all,Gens,Took me almost 40 hours of gameplay to realize that I had paid $60 to let an eccentric Japanese director toy with my emotions.10/10. Thanks for the wild ride.
76561198050097598,Recommended,524220,30604540,Posted: 18 March,all,⎛⎝Alpha Overlord⎠⎞,Ill keep this short. Fun as hell. Controls are a let down. Console port.
76561198115101503,Recommended,524220,30719657,Posted: 24 March,all,The Du Bois,Good
76561198081245146,Recommended,524220,30625549,Posted: 19 March,all,RosabellaMelantha,"This is one of the greatest games I have ever played and I'm STILL NOT DONE, look if you stop at ending A you are doing yourself a massive disservice, the game truly starts after you get through it once just keep going and you will see a true gem of a game."
76561198130218199,Recommended,524220,30625599,Posted: 19 March,all,Lt Schnee,I just beat all 5 main endings and I can say this is a beautyfull and profound game. I loved the story and the combat sytem was great. It's a rare and insperational piece of art. I highly recomend this to anyone not sure about buying this game.
,Recommended,524220,30575978,Posted: 17 March,all,cyan,"Great game. Trash port. I didn't even start playing until after a couple of hours of tinkering to find my issue. I had got to the first boss and crashed probably like 5 times. Not fun. This was on the latest Nvidia drivers. Now I am using 361.91 and the game almost runs perfect, asides from the fact that when you go fullscreen the game makes itself interlaced causing lower visual quality/fidelity. It takes 30 minutes to get to the first save point so buckle up and have fun.I recommend this game, but wait until patches come out to resolve the problems.specs: AMD 4.2ghz 8350, GTX 780 acx sc 3gb  no stuttering on 361.91 and all my crashing issues were fixed."
76561198023964918,Recommended,524220,30975373,Posted: 6 April,all,Rory the Racist Car,10/10
76561198125719624,Recommended,524220,33541178,Posted: 14 July,all,ryott,"Came for a good waifu and got:1) A blast of existentialism to the gonads2)♥♥♥♥♥♥♥androids3) Crippling depression4) the need to 100% the game and see everything5) A heavy dose of what the ****6) Fantastic gameplay and customization7) Did I say ******* awesome gameplay?8) Great graphics ( with no performance issues. I downloaded the FAR mod and it only made the game look better)9) 26 endings, and 40 weapons10) Some pretty quality waifus after all"
,Recommended,524220,30575325,Posted: 17 March,all,Diddle Schnitz,"What an amazing time so far! Truly a special experience, one that mashes a variety of genres into one epic adventure! As for performance, I have had no crashes, no frame drops, and the game runs just fine for me and my other friends who purchased it as well! If you enjoy bullet hell, twin stick, platform, JRPGs, hack&slash and a variety of asymetrical combat styles, then you gotta get it!Very refined combat, very polished audio and visuals, so far extremely satisfied with my purchase!9.7/10"
76561198005599258,Recommended,524220,30814024,Posted: 29 March,all,RIDE ZA LIGHTNING!!!,"Easily the most compelling game I've played this year so far. And now I'm going to tell you exactly why.Before anything else, the game's 'lure' has to be mentioned. That lure comes in the form of the game's main protagonist, 2B. She's quite easy on the eyes. That's a given. But you see, anyone can design a 'sexy' female protagonist. But 2B's design is one of a few that can really draw you into a character. It hits that sweet spot which goes beyond being unnoticably subtle, but not so far that it becomes offputtingly blatant.But, it's one thing to design a great looking character to draw your audience in. It's a completely different thing all together to keep them there with your game. How many games are out there that hide their overwise average game behind some eye candy? Quite a few. Nier: Automata is NOT one of those games. For a number of reasons.Platinum is behind the core gameplay elements here, and their work really shows. Compared to Metal Gear Rising or Bayonetta, your reportoire of techniques is a simpler affair. BUT! There's hidden depth in the combat system. And when combined with sandbox and traditional RPG elements, somehow ends up becoming more engaging than the afformentioned games with their point A to point B slugfests.The music score is also worth a mention. Quite often an OST can either make or break the game. In the case of the original Nier, it was the OST that put it on the map, and saved what otherwise might have been a bland affair. The same love has been shown here too. And while each track is great on its own, the choices of what plays where lends greater authenticity to the area you happen to be in at the time.Finally, there's the story. I'm not going to spoil anything for the uninitiated, but beyond anything else, it was the story that compelled me to see the game through to completion. And thanks to that, I was compelled to drain as much as I could through sidequests, and lore hunting.Yes. There are technical issues. While I've personally been spared the more ugly issues, I've still had.... a few dramas. That being said, we have a community that have gone ahead and worked patches, so that you can enjoy what's on offer here.Needless to say: This is easily my most recommended game of the year."
76561198087785477,Recommended,524220,30696781,Posted: 23 March,all,Fluffaluf,listen up ladies and gents of most ages this game..... this ♥♥♥♥ing game....it made me cry dead serious tears down my face... if you are considering this game pleasei urge you as a human bieng to just play this amazing game...pros:combat is basic yet slightly complex easy to learn fun and very enjoyablestory is made by a god and will have you hookedside storys at times feel like you are learning very interesting things about the worldgame is rich with hidden items and secrets and new game plus is much more rewarding then you would thinkthe ending E is a beautiful reprisentation of just poeple helping other poeple it will have you wanting to give all for another.conslittle glitchy its open world and very fluid most of the time so i dont consider it a big deal since most open world games have a few small bugs and this in comparison i found very fewsome side quest seem a bit tedious at first but none really take that long and the rewards for quest are always worth itif you read this and get this game please add me i will glady help you with it and talk with you about it like a brogame is so beautiful bro10/10 ....also 2b is pretty hot
,Recommended,524220,30640028,Posted: 20 March,all,ThatMuteGuy,Together.Forever.Together.Forever.Love.Love.Love.Love.This.Cannot.Continue.This.Cannot.Continue.This.Cannot.Continue.This.Cannot.Continue.This.Cannot.Continue.More...beautiful...More...beautiful...I must...become....more....beautiful...More....more....MORE...
,Recommended,524220,30607663,Posted: 18 March,all,sentron,"Pros:Great Combat.Great switching between free movement and platforming gamestyles.Every quest and side quest really envelops you into seeing it fully through.Amazing Soundtrack; songs change in zones along with missons and storyline progression.Unique skill system, and leveling system.Great Story and charcter development.Cons:(Most of these cons have confirmed to be bugs with the port to PC version and are being worked on for a future patch)Cutscenes drop down to a very low frame rateNo native screen resolution (currently using the Borderless Gaming application to fix this issue)Low view distance/rendering for an open world game--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Overall this game is very well made, and is one of the most fun RPGs I've played in years.Platinum Games has done it again, and I would like to say thank you for pushing to have this game available for PC users.Thank you based PlatinumGames Inc.10/10"
,Recommended,524220,30627776,Posted: 19 March,all,Woo Nam,Come for 2Booty and themusic
,Recommended,524220,30975127,Posted: 6 April,all,Kaedrin,"NieR Automata is an excellent game, with excellent story ideas, that constantly sets expectations for how good the game should be, and then manages to surpass them, not once but many times. Its goals are lofty, and its execution is quite marvelious.All of its elements in terms of gameplay are executed flawlessly.  They used the UE4 engines ability to support many type of gameplay options well, and the transitions between the styles are executed fantastically.  Sure, I wish they had added more to elements of flight combat, and had balanced very hard flight sequences vs ground fights better, but still I can't really knock it down.The story is awesome, but is not perfect.  All the concepts are well thought out and executed, but I feel some of them needed to be expanded more so they formed a more cohesive whole.  This is a worthy addition to NieR Gestalt and Drakengard 3 universe, and while you don't need to play the prior ones to enjoy the game at all, it is worth watching the history that leads up to this game on youtube.  That said, NieR Automata succeeded at being far more epic in scope than it ever was in the past, and is best hybrid game of its type that exists despite any flaws that can be found within.I'd give this game a 10 out of 10, even though the PC port needed a bit more work on its graphic card issues before release (Thankfully I'm using Nvidia and had no issues with this one). Still, it was one of the best game ports I've ever played on day of release, and hopefully those issues will be worked out soon.Voice acting was strong the entire time, which I just don't expect from an English dubbed Square game.Thank you to everyone who brought this game into existance. It was an awesome experience. Even more, thank you for allowing it to be ported to the PC!  If I had a complaint, it is that game left me wanting far more than it delivered (and it delivered a lot). Damn you Yoko Taro! Now to wait 7 years until the next sequel!Special thanks for the unused elevators. You guys just had to go and make a joke out of that, didn't you? ;P"
,Recommended,524220,30607847,Posted: 18 March,all,Rohit,"Despite being a game about androids & machines set in a dystopian world, it has heart. Adding to it, the soundtrack is an absolute treat.The closest thing that I can relate to it is Ninja Robots."
,Recommended,524220,30783059,Posted: 27 March,all,MeowMeowMeowMeowMeow,"This game has everything.It is part shoot em up, part hack and slash, part politcal commentary, part humanitarian simulator, part animal riding game, part psychological thriller, part platformer, part dating simulator, part dress up game, part (3d)bullet hell, part visual novel, part fishing simulator, part rhythm game, part sidescroller, part kaiju battle and part robot orgy fest.Now, only one of those weren't true, but you can't really tell which one.All in all, once you completely finish it, it really will make you think ""what the hell did I just play?""."
76561198051871685,Recommended,524220,30972843,Posted: 5 April,all,RockMut,hot. steamy. bunz.
,Recommended,524220,30730475,Posted: 25 March,all,dog,"""Everdays a saleEvery sales a winBetter buy now or you'll cry all night""Sums up my thoughts on buying this game."
76561198011768610,Recommended,524220,30734704,Posted: 25 March,all,Dean Bees,"Okay, so you've probably already heard people praising Platinum's fluid and stylistic combat and Yoko Taro's stories.Though the combat itself is not necessarily as in depth as other Platinum games, the gameplay as a whole more than makes up for it with its width and variety.The story is just one of those gems where it could only be told through the medium of videogames.  To those new to Nier and looking for that specific experience, don't stop at ending A.  Go for E.  For veterans of the first Nier, you might have a guess as to what happens, but I dare you to guess how Yoko Taro does it again; BUT BETTER.It should also be noted that this soundtrack is not just amazing, it's dynamic!  Multiple layers and versions of songs are seeemlessly being being played at once with their versions switching in and out as sequences go on.  Going back to how this game is a story that can only be told through games, the soundtrack also does something during a specific fight.  What it does exactly I don't want to spoil, but man, it's probably the highlight of the game for me personally.My only words of advice for those of you who do get the game:  Power through the main storyline until you get fast travel unlocked, it'll make your life easier.  And as for the bossfight in E?  [It's an unwinnable fight.  But still, we're here for you.]"
76561198046235842,Recommended,524220,30737805,Posted: 25 March,all,CYBORG WAFFLE,"One of the best games I've played in a long time. While it may wear the 'Hack and Slash' and 'Anime' tags, this game by no means follows typical tropes games like that have. An extremely well written story with multiple playthrough, and it means that, the game changes dramitcally each time you beat it. Its just an amazing different game with so much to discover."
76561198197727169,Recommended,524220,30738048,Posted: 25 March,all,skeletonzx,"Nice gameplay,nice art style, interesting story"
76561197970502418,Recommended,524220,30738109,Posted: 25 March,all,YOTC,This is the game I have been waiting for for years.  it defies conventions and does almost everything right.  The OST will give you an eargasm.
,Recommended,524220,30818084,Posted: 29 March,all,Conimex,good game
76561197995078695,Recommended,524220,30818597,Posted: 29 March,all,Tuc-keksi,"I am so sorry, everyone! ;_; I used up two of your lives in my attempt to finally overcome E route ending! I am so ashamed of myself that this is officially the first game that I ever review any game in any official capacity. I hope in the next life you can forgive me for my lack of strenght! I felt horrible losing your data over my own mistakes! ;m;Nier:Automata is possibly one of the only games that could not exist in any other form. It's transgressive entertainment that leaves you thinking long after you are done with it's multiple endings. It's not a flawless game, I doubt any game is, but as a piece of meta narrative driven, horizon expanding gaming goodness it's not matched by anything that I have ever seen in over 19 years of gaming.I would wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone interested in games in general, but only if you are willing to at least get all the main endings A, B, C, D and E routes. Eventhough A and B routes are a little slow, the speed and progression ramps up signifigantly after that and I doubt you can leave the game alone until you have seen all the rest of the endings.9,5/10, likely the most remarkable game of 2017, despite the fact that many heavy hitters like Zelda have already been released and the year just started. Simply put: Nier:Automata is a transcended game, one that will be remembered in the future for it's excellence in game design and direction."
76561198128036458,Recommended,524220,30844285,Posted: 30 March,all,ㄴBestActorㄱ,highly recommended. love this game sooooo much !!!!
76561198228642668,Recommended,524220,30866279,Posted: 31 March,all,DipQuitter,"This game is absolutely fantastic. If you enjoy good stories and a fast paced hack & slash bullet hell, this is your game. Even if you dont the combat is easy to get used to and the gameplay os pretty fun, its a little buggy right now but give it time and I think that'll be a problem no more."
76561198374673077,Recommended,524220,30866743,Posted: 31 March,all,BestGirlisRem,Came for the booty. Stayed for the story.
,Recommended,524220,31153597,Posted: 15 April,all,ᛒᚨᛚᛞᚱ,One of those hacking games caused me to swear for the first time in probably 10 years.
,Recommended,524220,31182933,Posted: 16 April,all,Bobafettamine,"Incredible game, not the best graphics in the world but gameplay more than makes up for it and you can tell they have put alot of effort into the details. My advice would be to explore every inch of the map and make the most of your skill chip sets."
,Recommended,524220,31183640,Posted: 16 April,all,Zero G.,"After spendind 38+H on this, I still have not finished eveything. There is still a lot to do.I'm planing on getting every achievement avalable.Playing through the game i realized, that i have not been this driven in a game and its story for a long time.It lit up a spark and reminded me, why I love videogames.It is a must buy."
,Recommended,524220,31479318,Posted: 30 April,all,Insert Japanese name here...,Wish there were more T^T
,Recommended,524220,30601781,Posted: 18 March,all,*慮振鴻,"Okay first to get this out of the way, the Pc port is not the best at the moment in time. Hoepfully over the next coming weeks then can fix some small issue such as.- Black broader-FPS capped at 60-FPS dropsBeside there minor issue this game is amazing, the combat flows good and is refeshing. However there is not autosave and you can't save without playing at least one hour in. My first run i died 40 minutes in and had to restart, so becareful when you play the first hour.8.5/10"
,Recommended,524220,30610903,Posted: 19 March,all,keefypants,"980ti, i5 3570 running at 2k 2xaa steady 60 fps aside from the locked 30 cutscenes.  Get some stutter during the cutscenes, but other than that, runs perfect."
76561198023637837,Recommended,524220,30641022,Posted: 20 March,all,Sola Vi Ryuvia,I have not gone far into the game and already I very much enjoy the game.-Combat is very much doge hit combo style.-2B is...very...attractive (wink)-Excellent graphics-Free Roam playstyle-tied in well with NieR the orginal game-IMPORTANT if you have the WHITE SCREEN bug and the game is starting in windowed mode press alt enter at the same time this seems to fix most white screens.-Very system intensive even with a GTX 960M on a Asus it is impossible for me to play better than medium settings or it goes to around 6-10 Fps (although if you want to make it look like slow motion combat works perfectly)Final thoughts 9/10 stars this game is recommended.(also 2B wink wink)
,Recommended,524220,30652530,Posted: 21 March,all,Monkey D. Diabolos,kill kill KILL.......
,Recommended,524220,30659490,Posted: 21 March,all,Masturbating Corpse,"Some Side Quest are sad, except the "" Rescue-robot-in-desert "" we just don't talk about that one."
,Recommended,524220,30666514,Posted: 22 March,all,Bootels,"So at first I had some major problems with AMD Drivers and was pretty close to giving up. Then I saw that reverting to 16.11.5 drivers (with Rx 480 card) worked and tried it out, and damn I am glad I got this game to run. This game is so fun to play and the story is amazing. I got all the main endings and am probably going to keep playing to explore the world completely.Cons:Fullscreen isn't perfect.Pros:The game."
,Recommended,524220,30675813,Posted: 22 March,all,Germanys best man,2B is thick and the gameplay is good.
,Recommended,524220,30706797,Posted: 24 March,all,junktron,THIS. CANNOT. CONTINUE.
76561198060801171,Recommended,524220,30724432,Posted: 25 March,all,Laïn,"This game is loads of fun, got good gameplay a great story and probably the best music ive heard in a gameit has its weird funny moments and very serious elements, sometimes it was a bit confusing thoughthe rpg element in this game was nice i liked itthough i think getting the proper opportunity to fuse high level diamond chips at the very very end of the game through chaper select(some good chip locations were in the middle of timed quests) wasent great or endlessly grind for it before hand and outlevel everythingbut at the same time unless your playing hard-very hard you dont need the high level diamond chips... :)all in all it was a good game"
,Recommended,524220,30676047,Posted: 22 March,all,Devon DF,"My Experince so far.. its bootyful ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)its a blast to play! Its totaly worth the 79$C. The combat systeme is great and refined. Altough i find this game difficult to play with a keybord so a controller is reccomended. This game is a consol port so it will / dose have some bugs and things that you may not like. Such as locked 60FPS and issues with resolution scaling. Yet it is well optimised as far as fram rate. With a fast mod install i was able to fix the resoultion scaling so i can play this at 1440p and up. As far as story it is great! There is allot of lore to read about it. You dont have to play the other Nier games to enjoy this one at all. Yet i feel like im oblicated to play the other ones due to this sotry being soo great. After all the bugs are fixed and the devs maybe give us more options to change video settings aswell as a bechmark and so on. This game will be almost 10/10.Pros-Exellent combat macanics-Great visuals (once you fix the scaling bug)-One of the best storys/ lore-great detail in mapCons-Some Bugs (still vary new game so bugs shold be fixed vary soon.. hopefuly)-Not allot of options to change video settingsTLDRI know this game will enevtually top the steam reviews and become overwhelming positive. Great story, fighting vary fun, Great detail.. This game is vary nicely rounded ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)9/10 (fix bugs and its a 10)"
76561197994852904,Recommended,524220,30725082,Posted: 25 March,all,Mokerheim,"Amazing game, never expected it to hit me so hard at the end. Word of advice don't judge it on the merits of your first play though, wait untill at least the third and have found the final endings."
,Recommended,524220,30675968,Posted: 22 March,all,Dazrael21,This beautiful game is well worth playing.
,Recommended,524220,30724684,Posted: 25 March,all,dongus,Nier Automata is an absurdly hard hitting game that leaves you feeling overwhelmed and emotionally exhausted  for hours afterwords.Then it turns out that there's two more endings.
,Recommended,524220,30900491,Posted: 2 April,all,Kyarval,"For me, this game is wonderful, gorgeous in every possible aspect.I love graphics of Nier:Automata - it's stunningly beautiful. I love soundtrack of the game - it's just so freaking amazing. I love combat mechanics - it's so sweet, crisp and dynamic. And finally, I love story and characters of the game... thanks, Yoko Taro (there are probably other writers who worked on story besides him - I am just not so sure - and for their work I am grateful as well). Yoko Taro says his writings are crap, but If that's so, then I just can not choose words to describe shortly and briefly the quality of the plots of most of today's games without using an abusive language.I am thankful to all of creators and to all of those who contributed to creation of this beautiful piece of art, masterpiece, in my opinion. Games like Nier:Automata and The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt are really bringing me hope for the greater future of video games.So you should most likely just go and buy the game already.P. S. Though, of course, as many others, I would really like to see more story content about past and future (especially future) of 9S, 2B and A2 (well, maybe we already have enough information about A2's past). Square Enix?..P. P. S. Sorry for any grammar mistakes in the text. English is not my native language."
76561198040381174,Recommended,524220,30724481,Posted: 25 March,all,2B_Panty_thief,Just completed ending C.This game is magnificent. Highly recommended. The only issue I had with it was 9S mini hacking game got repetitive and was too easy.
,Recommended,524220,30724290,Posted: 25 March,all,.K,"After I finished the game :This is the best game I've ever played. The only thing I regret about finishing it is that the game doesn't continue. The game should've been longer, because a sequel will not be able to live up the standard.Best soundtrack.Best story.And for the love of god, play this in Japanese dubs with English subs. For some reason, English voice actors for Japanese products are amateur sh!tters who don't fully translate the emotions that are supposed to be embedded into these types of games."
,Recommended,524220,34963280,Posted: 14 September,all,SEX-E Coco,"im running this game with a gtx 1060 6gb, amd R7 1700, 16gb ram and i got to say i have not had any issues as bad as others that gave this game a thumbs down. not the best port by far, but it isnt bad ethier. All that aside it gets a thumbs up from me."
76561198126146917,Recommended,524220,30802080,Posted: 28 March,all,Hideyoshi Kinoshita,Great game with a vey captivating story that pulls you in with many points all tying together to create a bigger picture. The soundtrack is very nice and fitting and really adds to the battles that happen and other story points. Quite a number of weapons and side quests available to do and a multitude of endings. All in all I would recommend this game if you want a fun game with a great story.
76561198086329916,Recommended,524220,30846926,Posted: 30 March,all,Lazy_Penguin,The best game i have ever played.
76561198142134817,Recommended,524220,32039507,Posted: 29 May,all,WeissYuki,"Today, we are more than seven billions of people, each with our own life, our own friends, and our own worries. But everything is irrelevant, only a small fraction of those 7 billions will care if you die, and your actions will be meaningless to most of them too. everything you've done is either futile, or will become futile. With all that in mind, some people might ask what the point of living is.And NieR Automata answers this question in the classiest way ever.Good old anime tropes !By the first thirty minutes of the game, it has become clear that the game is filled with anime tropes : teenagers, cute girls, giant mechs,and it has only been thirty minutes ! By the end of the first playthrough, it seems like there is only that, with the addition of moe girls, and cool-looking dudes.And even with just that, it's fine ! The gameplay was engaging, the music was godly and we had some nice boss fight. The story is more or less fine on its own and the characters were all pretty nice. 2b appears as your usual kuudere (cold in the outside, kind in the inside), and 9s feels like your usual relatable cinnamon roll who just fell for the butt (I mean, who didn't ?).BUT oh god are you missing a huge part of the game !After starting again with 9s, the title finally appears (yeah, just now) and you embark in a magnificent tale of upbeat existential crisis, coupled with amazing combat system, quality characterization (even for... unexpected people), well-paced story, amazing (and two awful) side quests, an ASTONISHING climax and a top-tier waifu who is NOT 2b (she's nice too but a2 still best girl). In all seriousness, most of her reactions are PRICELESS and if you fell in love with this game's humor (which is, as expected from the writers of Drakengard 3, pretty good) then you'll fall in love for A2.With all that in mind, there's nothing better I can do for you than recommanding this game, and that's exactly what I'll do. !I highly recommand this game to anyone who has a f*cking brain !"
,Recommended,524220,30609028,Posted: 19 March,all,chero666,"A darn good game hindered by an imperfect port.Pros:-Yoko Taro-Platinum-Stays (mostly) at 60fps-4k-It being a really really good game and fantastic writing all around-Rebindable controls for both Keyboard and GamepadCons:-Fullscreen Mode actually downgrades your resolution on most PCs (from what I've gathered and experienced).  Can be fixed with Borderless Gaming, but the issues shouldn't have been there to begin with.-60fps LOCK  Though not a big deal for me, no unlocked framerate would be a deal-breaker for a lot of action fans.-Basic controls, though good at times and ""manageable"" at worst, may still cause discomfort while you're playing ""claw-grip"" with a majority of the buttons at the same time.-Cutscenes may run at sub-30fps which looks awful at times, especially in climatic scenes.-The port isn't great.  Not the worst, but it's enough to do a disservice to how fantastic this game is.  People have mentioned a mod that may help in the forums, so go check that out.Mehs (whether or not you care):-Denuvo DRM   It's been reported that it may cause issues, but that's personally beyond me.  Hard to say since I was never effected by it.Currently Sitting as my GOTY and  the likelihood of anything surpassing it is slim... just hope there are patches in the future."
76561198055640680,Recommended,524220,30667121,Posted: 22 March,all,David Dickinson,"I could waffle on for a long time about every aspect of this game but I'll shorten it down instead. This whole game, every part in it, is solid. It's hard to find a flaw. Definately a game of the year contender. Easily in my top 10, might even be top 5.Get this game. It's worth lad."
,Recommended,524220,34912768,Posted: 12 September,all,"Punished ""Venom"" Snake",boobies
76561198087624138,Recommended,524220,34917571,Posted: 13 September,all,Goombaterror,Must have.
,Recommended,524220,30707543,Posted: 24 March,all,Claus,"Envolving and brilliantly written leads, a plot that never ceases to shock, gameplay that never keeps you doing the same thing too long and is always throwing something new your way, go in unspoiled, finish it at least three times and you won't regret it.A perfect 10 out of 10 in my book. My only issue was that fullscreen was running an upscaled resolution and there were frequent frame drops, but after using external software to make the game borderless fullscreen, it ran pretty well even in my slightly uncommon resolution (21:9/2560:1080) and my below recommended processor(first generation i5) and video card (GTX 960).Normal is too easy, but Hard is too hard to the point of cheap, so beware. You can save scum by loading the game when you lose your body and frankly I'd recommend it as you can end up losing many hours of progress, but that's very personal I suppose."
,Recommended,524220,30596848,Posted: 18 March,all,hawBo,"**My first review of a game**This game is just amazing. If you like Final fantasy games, this game is for you for sure!I already completed the game, and as you can see on my hours played, the main story quest arent that long in my case. But i tell you theres alot of side quests, and as fare i know. Doing those will change the main story quest line, and you would be able to play this game FOR many more hours than i did. But i was so into the story and wanted to see the ending that i just brute forced trough the Main quest. I DID ALL OF THIS ON NORMAL DIFF and with a Xbox controller and i died 1 time.The grapichs of this game are amazing to. I am running gtx 780ti SLI on 1920x1080 with all the other options on max, shadows on low, since ♥♥♥♥ shadows! And i had 0 fps lags.And the music in this game. Oh boy it is good. normaly i turn off music because it anoys me af. But this time for the first time, i turned it up!The combat system is so fast. And you need to keep up because you cant just hack and slice you trough this. YOU need to dogde attacks or you will die :D And multitasking is your friend in this game. Managing the drone while trying to dogde attacks or attack with the main character is a pretty good challenge.The only thing that bothered me was when i would do a dogde/evade combo on certain bosses. And my character would try to knock the boss op in the air and do the combo. Didnt work at all, the boss would just stay stationary and not move a inch. And that was anoying as FK. Since i would waste 3 sec in the air doing nothing :D And with this fast combat system i would do the combo by accident.Overall i would rate this game 9 out of 10. Since i havent played a game FOR A LONG TIME, that could make me play for 10 hours straight."
,Recommended,524220,33121579,Posted: 2 July,all,✪ NOBODY CAN TOUCH MY SWAAAAG,"Definitely a masterpiece. there is no words to describe what it feels like to play this game. simply beautiful in all aspects, a great experience that i will never forget.PS: Get your a$$ a f*cking NASA PC, otherwise it will be a great experience you will never have XDDDDDDDDDD *only sad reactions ;-;*"
,Recommended,524220,32981747,Posted: 29 June,all,armando_is_great,"Even though its still not patched, maybe never will be, a simple fan patch exists, and that'll do. Great game, some fine booty, a good time"
,Recommended,524220,30831598,Posted: 30 March,all,Jun,"One of those games that I just couldn't put down.One of those games that I kept thinking about days after ""finishing"".One of those games that will probably stick with me for as long as many of the classics."
76561198188971762,Recommended,524220,32997294,Posted: 29 June,all,AtliSnar,Great game I really enjoyed the story.Only problem I have with the game is the resoslution glitch but thanks to the community guides i fixed it so I reccomend you check some of the guides if you have the same problem.
76561198042033277,Recommended,524220,33030106,Posted: 30 June,all,AssyrianKing,"Great story, great music, smooth gameplay, great graphics, as well as very addictive.  For sure a must play, does not matter if you played the first one or not. The music is so great i just had the game playing in the back ground half the time just to listen to it.  10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,524220,33047985,Posted: 30 June,all,LaHeLaHe,Really a great game!
76561197993376094,Recommended,524220,33126114,Posted: 2 July,all,Solid Snake,"YES!One of the best story directions in a video game! Story and character development is amazing here.To get the full experience you need to finish the main endings A,B,C and D. Transition from A->B can becomea bit boring at first but the outcome is an amazing story and world that you get to appreciate even more.Then on C and D the game becomes a masterpiece!The game structure and deeper meanings seem to be based on philosophical concepts like Nietzsche's perspectivism and this is a very rare find in a video game. I was blown away!The combat system is fast and fluid. Fixed camera placement in certain parts of the game just transform it to a different game. 3D space melee combat transforms (free camera movement) to a 2d platformer and then from bird's eye view to a roller coaster shooter and then back again. Crazy amounts of actions and a very intuitive upgrade system for your characters/androids with the use of chips and memory banks.It is a game that questions reality itself even its own existence. I have not seen a game that prompts the player to delete its own saves at the end! If you are a person that wants to dig deep into a game's story and the concepts of the messages it broadcasts this is a game for you! I want to read Nietzsche now!"
,Recommended,524220,33029134,Posted: 30 June,all,LDD714,"Everything about this game is great except for how it got ported to the PC, if you want to play this game in an actual fullscreen you'll need to download Borderless Gaming, or a mod that you can find on the fourms, both are free just a little extra work.  But after you get around that you'll definitely find that this game is easily worth your time."
,Recommended,524220,32984890,Posted: 29 June,all,Buy IOTA,"Usually I don't like hack and slash, but this one is good."
,Recommended,524220,33048977,Posted: 30 June,all,Gradref,Loved!
,Recommended,524220,32983033,Posted: 29 June,all,Dr. Fraiser Crane Medicine Woman,Masterpiece
,Recommended,524220,33123896,Posted: 2 July,all,Tempestus,"Yoko Taro's usual crazy Storytelling married with Platinum Games's great combat system makes a awesome game, I recommend it."
,Recommended,524220,33128501,Posted: 2 July,all,EL PSY CONGROO,"JUST BUY AND TRY , IF NOT FUN JUST GO STEAM REFUND :) BUT I'M SURE U WON'T , CUZ U WILL BEEN ATTRACT FROM THE CHARACTER :D"
,Recommended,524220,30603089,Posted: 18 March,all,Chris,Remember to save often!Ate a fish after not saving for 2+ hours. Game Over10/10
76561198019444212,Recommended,524220,30603204,Posted: 18 March,all,Jougen,Yes.
,Recommended,524220,33102080,Posted: 1 July,all,LukeTheFisher,"Beautiful (also ending A is amazing, y'all ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.)"
,Recommended,524220,31354786,Posted: 25 April,all,Ling Ling,"For the love of god buy it! I could write a proper review but the game has broken me, I need time to heal...."
76561197977992098,Recommended,524220,34761827,Posted: 5 September,all,Cormophyte,"To give you a sense of how enthusiastic this thumbs up is this game is the first AAA length game I've played start to finish without getting distracted in at least five years. Probably more like 10. As of today I've played 51 hours and I really don't want to admit in public how quickly I racked up that play time. It's not a perfect game, but what is?Is it buggy for me? A little. I had an input bug crop up every few hours of gameplay which required a game relaunch. Was it worth continuing playing? Yup. But, being a generally mildly buggy game your mileage may vary.I watch some anime on occassion. I used to watch a little more but as I've gotten older it's been limited to a few popular series like Attack On Titan and One Punch Man. The story is rooted in anime's usual themes of life, the social connections of human society, and what it all means and if you don't hate that sort of thing then this story has a lot to offer. It's executed as well and nuanced as I've ever seen in a video game and it pulled me right in.So...good game. If it looks like something you'd like you'll probably like it."
76561198003347836,Recommended,524220,30819560,Posted: 29 March,all,Dooooooooooooooooooooooooooood,-the final boss wasn't a rhythm game. 10/10-great gameplay-responsive controls-flexible customization of attributes to suit your playstyle via the novel chip system-heart wrenching stories-plot twists like a screw-beautiful music-ending e credits are inspired-downside is that it required messing around with settings and drivers just to make playable. would crash 5 minutes into starting when I first played (release day) until i rolled the gpu drivers back to a 2016 build.
,Recommended,524220,34631433,Posted: 31 August,all,Craig,This is one of my favorite games of all time. Altough now i can't look at porn of this game the same way.
,Recommended,524220,30659519,Posted: 21 March,all,Baron Bones,"I've played this game WAY TOO MUCH ALREADY to not come to love it.I was never a fan of RPG's, such as the Final Fantasy series, etc. I just haven't had the interest, ever. But out of all games, I just decided to pre-order it because I was getting really bored with the games I play now- I don;t even have a set 'interest' in any genre in particular.But this game had various core things that made it great for any player to experience, no matter the experience with RPG's or even the Nier series:- Stunning design- Easy to understand objectives- Lots of side quests for experience- Great features like hacking and different perspective- A teary plot ( no spoilers )- An incredible amount of dialogue- Variation in play style ( LOTS of variation )- An incredible amount of work and sweat put into the INCREDIBLE soundtrackThere are only a few cons, maybe a few crash bugs that happen incredibly rarely, and yes, graphical bugs with changing resolution. ( It's bound to be fixed )10/10 game overall. Absolutely loved it. ( I'm looking at you, 2B )"
76561198035891469,Recommended,524220,30659575,Posted: 21 March,all,dublinboy03,"I haven't yet finished this game's story, but I have played enough to get a good feel for the themes and combat. So, here are my thoughts:Combat wise, the inevitible question is: is it most like MGR, Bayonetta or Devil May Cry? The answer, for me is... somewhere between MGR, Bayonetta and to an extent, Megaman Zero. The combat is, from what I've experianced, pretty shallow in terms of movesets for both you and your oppnents. However, fortutiously, that does not detract from it's enjoyment factor. That's where the Megaman Zero comparison comes in. As for MGR and Bayo, it's speed and grace is quite similar to Bayonetta, but it's ground-based focus and high speed are similar to MGR. Bullets in this game might be big and slow, but you still have to eihter dodge them, or get to your opponent before they fire them. The latter is my personal preference.What about the story, or rather, the themes? Well... I won't spoil the story themes for you, but I can tell one thing: this game seems to want to make you slightly uncomfortable. Not so much as you are aware of it whilst caught up in the fighting, but in things such as the haunting German and instrumental soundtrack, primarily made up of haunting piano and electronic music. Though what genre eludes me, since I'm not that familar with those things. A part of this is the combat animations. Normally, you move like a human. However, in combat, you are dodging every which way, jumping and swinging those weapons - and though it can look beautiful when the particles are up and you are just a flurry of blades and fists (if you can find any of that weapon class, which I have not been able to) you don't move quite right. You don't dodge - you dash. Or rather, glide. In a fight, you will be spending a lot of time pulling of moves that no human could, throwing and teleporting your weapons, gliding and jumping - or both - with your blades sometimes not even causing the enemy to react. In short, you fight with little semblance to humanity and that, due to your characters human appearance, doesn't quite click right. A lot of stuff like that happens in this game.  It's a good game because of it.Also, and I suppose this must be addressed: yes, 2B is indeed endowed with a trememdous booty. If emotionless female women whom also have a tiny spot of Lolita thrown in are your type (and I'm not judging, that's fine with me), then there you go."
,Recommended,524220,30695752,Posted: 23 March,all,Prof. Cabbage,Incredibly fun hack and slash that will constantly suprise you. The story is emotional and extremely engaging. Buy this game as soon as you can
,Recommended,524220,30695770,Posted: 23 March,all,AytonHunter,I haven't had a fresh Action-RPG grip me like this in too goddamn long!You need to play it to understand!
,Recommended,524220,30713764,Posted: 24 March,all,Elyse,"I can definitely say this is in my top five best games I've ever played. I can see why this franchise is a cult classic. It is unlike anything I have ever played before. The originality is so refreshing and I regret not ever hearing of the Nier franchise sooner. I have to applaud the risks they made into making this game by how different it compared to stereotypical gameplay, and how effortlessly they seemed to implement it too.The soundtrack is absolutely amazing and that it was dissapointing to find out the game didn't come with it. Interesting storyline and abundant side quests that were just as captivating as the main story. Great character design and game animations. A lot of attention to detail was put into this game.Fun gameplay, and enemy scaling is accurate. You get to play as multiple characters who all play uniquely. The game has great replayablility, as the story doesn't just end with your first playthrough.I highly recommend to use a controller, not mouse and keyboard. The port handled fine for me; no problems. I honestly have barely any negatives to say about this game. Don't be that guy who plays for 0.3 hours and leaves a bad review because it isn't a stereotypical game."
,Recommended,524220,31181178,Posted: 16 April,all,﴾ Shikatsu ﴿,"That's definitely a game that Square Enixhadto edit.I did not play any of the NieR-related game before NieR: Automata, so I cannot relate very much on how coherent the games is to its predecessors.Though, so far, this is the best game I've ever played.I played (and still play) on normal difficulty.The gameplay mechanics are kinda straight-forward, no special skills are really involved, given you're not playing in the hardest difficulty (which, in my opinion, make the game a 3D Touhou-like). It can, however, become quite boring, (even annoying for some) after multiple runs.Graphics are... Well, beautiful, given you have the rig to run it. That said, it looks beautiful even in low quality (still 1080p tho). Despite the global hype on 2B's b*tt over the internet, I assure there is actually plenty of more beautiful things and scenery to enjoy.The scenario is pretty much the main thing that made NieR: Automata become the best game I've played. There is enough lore, but not too much. It IMO is perfectly balanced.I personnaly am a really big fan of all the games Square Enix have released / edited, so my opinion on this might be biased.*(very) Minor Spoilers concerning endings*The game has 26 differents endings, though only 5 are ""reals"" endings. The last 21 are just minor endings that happen more or less randomly through choices you make during your gameplay, and do not affect the 5 first in any way.That said, youcan notconsider the game, nor the scenario, as ""finished"", unless you have at least finished 4 endings of the 5 possible. However, it is best for overall comprehension to finish all 5."
76561198142609778,Recommended,524220,31500302,Posted: 1 May,all,Maximustachio,"OverallAmazing atmosphere, a great story, and fun, satisfying combat more than make up for the game's inconsistent difficulty, repitition, and relative lack of depth compared to more hardcore action games or RPGs.  From a pure gameplay standpoint, it's a good but not remarkable open world hack-and-slash with some RPG elements.  However, the atmosphere and story are fantastic, and really turn the game into something special that's more than the some of its parts, and that I thoughly recommend.GoodAtmosphere and Soundtrack: Nier: Automata is an incredibly atmospheric game.  It's not atmospheric in the way horror games are, or in the sense of loneliness some adventure games create, but overall, one of my favorite parts of getting to explore a new area in the game wasn't seeing what seeing what story events would happen there, but seeing what was going on there.  The actions of your enemies in each areas - what they were doing, what outfits they had, what they said when they attacked - were continually fascinating throughout most of the game, and some of my favorite parts of the game overall.  And the sountrack does a fantastic job adding to the atmosphere of each area.Complex story with consistent philosophical themes: Nier: Automata has a good story, with a cool setting and interesting characters.  It's one of the best parts of the game overall, and I'm not going to describe the story because I think it's more fun to experience it yourself.  But I do think it has a notable trait that not many games have: the game's narrative doesn't just focus on telling a cool story with interesting characters, it also revolves around specific themes, exploring a lot of very nihilistic questions about the meaning of existence and finding and coming to terms with your purpose in life (or lack therof).  Games that really explore a central theme like this, rather than just telling a story, are pretty rare (some notable examples would be Bioshock and Planescape: Torment), so if you like that sort of thing, I think this game definitely deserves attention.Cinematic Boss Fights: Nier: Automata has a lot of really cool boss fights.  They tend to be fun, and most of all, many are incredibly cinematic.  The music always fits the mood perfectly, and there's often a lot of dialogue during them too.  Overall, they just feel epic and awesome - if you want boss fights that feel like crazy anime battles, this game will probably satisfy you.  One specific boss fight towards the end was one of coolest, most cinematic boss fights I've ever seen.  One issue that can be annoying, however, is that many of the boss fights can't end until the dialog is done.  So sometimes you'll have awkward moments where you damage a boss too quickly while they're still talking, and then you'll just kind of run around dodging their attacks until they finish.  Besides this issue, however, I thought the boss fights were great - maybe not Dark Souls or God of War great, but enough to go in the ""good"" category.MixedCombat is satisfying and fun, but relatively shallow: Overall, fighting in Nier is incredibly fun.  It's got all the flashiness and sense of impact you'd expect from a Platinum game.  You've got a variety of melee weapons with fun comboes that can be combined in different ways, three different ranged attacks, and a bunch of special ""programs"" that can be used on cooldown.  Fighting is fun and feels good.But if you're looking for not just fun and flashiness, but also depth, like you might find in a game like Bayonetta or Devil May Cry, you may find yourself unsatisfied.  Ultimately, despite all the options available and how cool the combos looked, the combat often just ends up feeling like a lot of button mashing and dodging at the right time.  I had fun, but I never felt compelled to try to master it like I did in Bayonetta or the Soul's games.Character customization through equipment is nice but not deep: Like the combat, Nier: Automata's RPG mechanics are fun, but relatively shallow and might not please hardcore RPG fans who really want to customize their playstyle or min-max their character.  Besides choice of weapons, the main form of customization is plugin chips, which can be equipped for a variety of bonuses.  You can pick your plugin chips to suit your playstyle (e.g. more offensive or defensive, more ranged or melee focused), and you can spend a lot of time farming for really good chips if you want, but ultimately, in the same way I never felt compelled to master the game's combat syste, I never felt compelled to min-max or theorycraft my plugin chips.  It's a nice layer of customization, but it's not incredibly deep.Open World: Nier: Automata is an open world game.  You can explore a bit, and the openness of the world helps add to the atmosphere, but there isn't nearly as much to discover or do as there is in a lot of other open world games.  It's not a huge world, many of the secrets to discover are just out-of-the-way chests or weapons (but there is one secret dungeon with a bonus boss fight), and it doesn't work super well as a sandbox where you can create your own fun like in GTA games - besides quests and finding hidden chests, there isn't much to do besides farming enemies for loot.  Overall, it's not a terrible open world, and it's a very atmospheric one that's fun to explore the first time, but by the time you're done you might get tired of some areas and it's not gonna be held up as a great example of open world gaming.Bad:Extremely inconsistent difficult, further hurt by a pointless level up system: The difficulty curve in this game is completely wonky.  Possibly the hardest part of the game is the 30-60 minute prologue level, which has no checkpoints or save points and can easily become frustrating if you die in the later parts.  The game also has a levelup system, except it isn't really noticable unless you become overleveled from farming or sidequests, in which case it just makes the game too easy (and can make some boss fights feel way less climactic than they should).  The game has four different difficulty settings, which can be changed at any time, but there's a huge difficulty jump between each one.  I often found ""normal"" to be too easy, but on the other hand ""hard"" roughly quadruples enemy damage, making most things kill you in 1-3 hits.  Granted, healing items in this game are also incredibly cheap and can be used while paused, so in the end outside of the 1-shots the biggest difference was just how often I used healing items.Repetitive Quests: The other big issue with the game is repitition, in both the side quests and the main story.  In the main story, the individual missions are all fun, but you actually have to replay many of them twice in order to beat the game.  (Some people just say you have to play through the game three times, but this is misleading: the ""third playthrough"" is actually all completely new stuff.  So I think of it more as one playthrough where the middle section involves repeating some story missions from the first section.  You absolutely should not stop playing after you ""beat"" the game for the first time, even if you don't normally replay games).Meanwhile, there's the side quests.  Some of them are fun, and some have interesting stories, but from a gameplay standpoint most are pretty boring and just involve going back to areas you've already been.  There are lots of find and fetch quests, and a couple of the dreaded escort quests.  In one of the worst instances, there's a quest that literally just requires you to go back to the beginning of the first dungeon (which will be low enough level to be trivial by that point) to find and item and then return to the NPC who gave it to you."
76561198017879666,Recommended,524220,34744894,Posted: 4 September,all,the equalizer,"What a game ! aside from having its own unique flavour, it's a perfect mash of elements from Final Fantasy, Metal Gear Solid and Ghost in the Shell.If you are a fan of any of those titles, you will love this game. if you are a fan of all three as I am, you will give it its own shelf-shrine on your games library !Now, onto the grind to get all 26(?) endings..."
,Recommended,524220,30601807,Posted: 18 March,all,CatFailure,"I'm not really too sure what to say,The first 20 minutes of my game was trying to get the thing to run in fullscreen, which ended up in a permanent black screen so I had to turn off my PC using the power button. I ended up using a software called Borderless Gaming to get fullscreen to work.I wasn't expecting much in terms of my graphics settings, and I was fine to play it on minimal, as long as I got 60fps, which I did. But one thing instantly struck me. The input lag. I can't get rid of it no matter what I do, and it makes the game hard as hell to play for me.The cutscenes are laggy, yet the game runs fine, which made no sense to me.The story seems pretty good so far with what I have played.This game needs quite a few patches, bug wise, and optimisation wise. But other than that, it's pretty good. (Recommending since I assume at some point this game will be fixed)"
76561198107351354,Recommended,524220,30660935,Posted: 21 March,all,OGHotCoco,I've been playing it for a couple hours and I'm enjoying it. It has a Final Fantasy vibe to it and I'm not losing interest in it yet. Only issuse that I have are the same with everyone elses. Resolution scale never saves when you exit the game and start again. So it's always in windowed everytime you start. The game just came out so hopefully patches fix the bugs in time.  Highly recommend using a controller to play this as well.
,Recommended,524220,30696427,Posted: 23 March,all,stoppedfire1968,"This Game is amazing! although my computer isnt capable of running it over 15 fps, i still highly reccomend it"
,Recommended,524220,30702298,Posted: 24 March,all,the dogfather,"A few minor flaws in contradictions with character personalities are by far and large overshadowed by a solid and satisfying genre-swapping game that dabbles in existential thought and offers a gripping and differing experience with multiple playthroughs.NieR:Automata is a strange game, both narratively and mechanically, and that's what makes it stand out to a lot of the titles of late. I'd strongly recommend you give this game a try."
,Recommended,524220,30714610,Posted: 24 March,all,chas,"Surprisingly stunning! It was a new kind of gameplay experience I've never had before. Main characters are so well-designed and animations was as beautiful. And the soundtrack. Man, I can spend all day listening to it reminding me all the emotions I've experienced in various locations. 9/10 Try it yourselfP.S. the one and only felt odd in the game - those invisible walls, that's why only 9"
76561198002013894,Recommended,524220,30714815,Posted: 24 March,all,Aramil_Liodon,"Great music, fluent combat, epic bosses, big variety of enemies mixed with engaging sad story about desolation and hope.This game is simply a piece of art. Made me cry on more then one occasion which is achievement in itself.Minor cons of the game is that it relies a bit to heavily on fetch quests (although in most cases it can turn on you and reveal a great story/surprise) and pushes some of it's mechanics a bit too much on you for too long (it can get a bit repetative to hack for 200th time)"
,Recommended,524220,30714963,Posted: 24 March,all,CloudyGiraffe,Took a couple attempts to just get to my first save point and has made this game so much more rewarding because of it. Loving it so far and can't wait to attempt to get every single ending!After being 29-30 hours in and only have 3 endings so far! such amazing content that keeps you ccoming back for more and more!
76561198350333957,Recommended,524220,30727568,Posted: 25 March,all,Gratick,dont stop after the first credits! the story is about 40 hours and absolutly amazing.
