user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,524640,31137959,Posted: 14 April,all,StrykerL,"Alright, disclosure: Indie Game Dev from India, I have no business or personal affiliations with Ogre Head Studios, but I have played and enjoyed Asura at the Indian National Game Developers conference for two years in a row, and seen it gently evolve over time. This review is unbiased from a game design perspective, and to be honest prompted by that negative review that's gotten an unfortunate level of publicity for 0.1 hours of playtime without trying the game proper. Further, I bought my own copy of the game. The fact that the Devs have been working on just this one single game for years (check the awards, some are from 2014) should remove any doubts from your mind about this being mobile gaming shovelware - it is not, it is not a masterpiece, but it is a plucky game which stands on its own merits.I was pleasantly surprised by Asura. The game is simple yet enjoyable, it has randomness - both good and bad - though the (limited) sound track would probably get on my nerves if I played for more than a dozen hours. The game itself has five varied levels, but the end of level boss fight picks from a fairly large pool, so it isn't the same thing every time. The map is annoying, due to a level of backtracking, and a mini-map would have been appreciated. Thankfully, the core of the game - the combat itself is extremely smooth. There are indeed grammatical errors, but frankly not enough to interfere with my enjoyment of the core gameplay, which is solid.Is Asura a game I'll play for dozens of hours (given my library) - no it isn't. Is it a complete, polished work that I can enjoy for a change? Absolutely. Is it a great first game for the two man team? Absolutely. If you're looking for a game with strong production values and an Indian mythological flavor, I'd say this one is a strong entry. If you're looking for a Diablo II / III replacement, this isn't it. If you're looking for something fresh (the Absorb / Salvage mechanic), definitely go for it.As for a final rating: Due to the grammatical mistakes, a high difficulty curve (for me), and a limited story and soundtrack, this game loses marks. However, for bringing something new to the table in terms of mechanics, having polished gameplay, and being generally fun (try designing fun, FYI, it's really hard.), stable (60 fps at 4K), and enjoyable, I rate Asura a well earned 7.75/10. This isn't a game you'll be rushing to stores to buy, but this is a game you'll want to buy for its unique new flavor."
76561197970736031,Not Recommended,524640,31165627,Posted: 15 April,all,McKeifus,"This could actually be one of the best games in its genre except for one fatal flaw, one very poor choice on the part of the developers, and that is its controls.The game is very nice looking, smooth, clean, with great visual design.  The elements are all clear and easy to see, and basic interactions(moving, fighting, picking up items, advancing your character) are all very nice and smooth.  The game flows well from fight to fight, and is clearly a score/time attack game with a lot of depth.I loved the random skill tree, although it fails sometimes and has skills earlier in the tree that are dependent on later skills - basically the skill itself is useless, although you still get a valuable stat boost.  One health or one stamina is a big difference.However, the controls for this game are absolutely wretched.  You aim and move with the mouse or with a single stick, kind of like a lot of ARPGs such as Diablo or Titan Quest.  The problem is this is a very fast action game, and requires high precision and timing to survive the often brutal fights.  So the gameplay devolves to running and dodging away, turning and shooting, running away, etc.  Basically kiting the whole time.  It makes for a very boring play experience from what should be otherwise an honestly truly excellent game.  They should have allowed for WASD movement + mouse to aim, or if you're using a controller twin stick.  Maybe it gave them the wrong feel in playtesting, but this isn't good either.I hope that they patch the game and offer a better control scheme, or the ability to customize the controls somewhat.  At that time I think this game could be one of the best games on Steam - and something unique, a fast action ARPG roguelike."
,Recommended,524640,31149910,Posted: 14 April,all,SidAlpha,"https://youtu.be/FKNJqdyI5r8I'll admit I am no fan of Rogue-Lite games in general. I'm no fan of perma-death and I tend to avoid that style of game mechanic. However, Asura took me by surprise. The core mechanics are well thought out and implimented. Also the controls are tight and intuitive with either controller or keyboard/mouse. Rebindable keys for either option was a good touch that is sadly lacking in many other games.The story is decent and there are a ton of unlockables. The game does make use of procedural generation, which I normally am not a fan of either, but it was decently implimented here.However, the game does have performance issues. Even on a 1080 Ti I had severe framerate issues which shows to me that the game was optimized poorly. Also it has been reported that the Developers posted a positive review of their own game, which is both anti-consumer and blatantly dishonest.Take that for what you will. I and giving the game a thumbs up, but the Developers earn a definite thumbs down for their shady actions."
,Recommended,524640,33014268,Posted: 29 June,all,Dozenbeer,"Damn is this an awesome game. Just fantastic!Pros+ nice artstyle and cinematic cutscenes+ hack and slash+ thematic music that fits the theme really good+ very smooth controls (controller) you are 100% in control+ randomly generated levels+ randomly genrated skill trees, which is awesome and just adds to the replayability+ you can always change between ranged and melee+ a lot of bosses, that vary and have very unique attack patterns+ you can choose if you loot an enemy or get exp, this adds a lot of strategy+ cool abilities to learn and discover+ shop and forge+ challenge rooms for extra fat loot+ so many weapons, each cooler than the other+ multiple characters to unlock, that have their own unique traits+ the leveldesign is great, wide big open rooms to super tight deathtraps+ level hazards+ item pick ups that you can store and use during battle (like dmg up or health)+ the difficulty is spot on! Not too frustrating, still challenging+ smooth performance+ the price is a steal! So much content, its a steal.+ no DLCs and the devs add more actual content to this already awesome game+ little things, like being able to deactivate the intro cutscene, so you dont have to skip it each time you playCons:- at the beginning the Sanskrit texts were too confusing, I wished they would have named some things something more linear, like the shop is called Dunkaan......just name it shop, takes awhile to learn the ingame names (but I guess they wanted to stay in the theme)Asura is incredible. Love the balancing, super smooth controls and the price is a steal. totally worth it, lots of replayability.  Buy it, if you like hack and slash or rogue likes."
76561198136279760,Recommended,524640,32514425,Posted: 17 June,all,Beinmynum,"Have you wondered what the title means? No? Then I'm going to tell you.This title comes from Sanksrit word असुर.What does it mean? Let's translate it gradually:सु - su, means good. All words that contains सु at the beginning of a word have positive meaning.सुर - sura, means a deity or a god. As you've probably noticed, it contains सु, so it's a good god.अ - a; a word with अ has opposite meaning comparing to basic word (here  सुर), exactly like in ancient Greek language and even present English e.g. asocial - the opposite of social.So, what असुर means? Exactly it means 'the opposite of a god' but in dictionaries you'll find a simpler word - DEMON.असुर - asura - DEMONCreative title, isn't it?*Remember that Sanskrit pronunciation is different than English.Btw the game's very good.10/10Would tell you what Asura means again."
,Recommended,524640,31215876,Posted: 18 April,all,Eilibex,"If youre familiar with games like Binding of Isaac and similar, youll know how it goes.Dive in, beat dudes up, get better (or worse, or no change, depending on RNG) and then die and restart.Asura is nothing really new, its nothing really special. While a few elements change in an interesting manner, they dont really hold the game above and beyond anything youve played before.But as far as 10 USD goes (i got it with the 10% off, so 9 USD) its absolutely worth it for the timesink. And for supporting the devs, they clearly put a lot of passion into this.Pros:+Quite nice graphics. Nothing amazing, but suitable and not painful to look at. Think Mighty Quest for Epic Loot.+Combat is fluid enough. Works decently on single stick.+Walls never vanish to reveal objects, but instead create a glow when there's a breakable item (its the lockon glow). This is honestly a personal preference, but it sometimes gets kind of odd to always see the map cut parts away to show stuff in other games.+Skills are very very varied, and very very crazy in how some work. Unlike in a lot of games where skills are barely more than %s (which ends up feeling like a segmented progression system as opposed to actual 'skills' or 'talents') these abilities are as widely functional as things youd find in Binding of Isaac and similar.+Large Selection of weapons and armor. Both in visuals and effects. Bow that fires twice? check. Bow that fires three shots at once? Check. Throwing Chakrams that bounce around like a cat whose owner laced the nip with potent caffeine? Check.+A good number of mechanics to keep things fresh. From the bosses attacks to the enemies you find, each enemy serves a specific purpose as opposed to simply being there for numbers.+Movement and Dodging has a clear purpose, and plays a huge part in the gameplay without making it feel odd or clunky.+In the 5.5 hours i binged on it after downloading, i only encountered one bug and it was a minor one that prevented me from looting a dude. Cant speak for others though.EDIT: Apparently getting the ""Spend Soma to get full health"" and ""Get Soma from using abilities"" can cause the Health Regen spell to not actually cast but still take your soma (Money goes down, health doesnt go up, soma gain doesnt happen)Cons:-Hitboxes. If youre familiar with any of my reviews, youll know that hitboxes are my main gripe with a lot of games. As it stands the hitboxes for this game are some of the better youll find, BUT there are some which are bad in a very significant manner. They are:Asura (Your demon dude) has a hitboxes larger than youd expect him to. Slightly wider than his widest part of the model. This is slightly annoying when trying to slip past a spike or something, and taking damage because his hand brushed the air above them.Arrows have their hitbox slightly ahead of the actual particle effect and model, resulting in some moments when you feel like they shouldnt have hit, but do. As a matter of fact, this is true for most projectiles, but most visible for arrows.Firepit things have a hitbox larger than their model by a bit, this is mostly insignificant, but with larger weapons your character can hit them when hitting an enemy standing next to one.-You can lock onto firepits. THIS IS NOT OKAY. There is absolutely zero use whatsoever to the player locking onto the fire pits, but thanks to the small to large lunge when attacking, a sudden change in lockon can cost you an armor piece from the burn effect. This happened to me TWICE when trying to break pots in a room, once. This can also cause your ranged attacks to have zero effect as you hit a fire instead of the enemy you were trying to aim at.The lockon seems to have a high priority too, as i intentionally played around with it, and placing a pot in between me and the fire would still prioritise the fire a lot of the time.-While the poison and burn effects are reasonably balanced on their own, the effects become downright stupidly annoying when combined with the enemies that spam them like mad on floor 3 and onward. Combine that with the issues above with hitboxes and locking onto fireplaces, and youll frequently die due to a single room having multiple of the elephantian fire cannon dudes, combined with a fire totem in the middle. Given that those rooms also often contain the smaller version of the boss of that floor (once you defeat him of course) which can throw down a long line stun effect, its just... just death. And pain.-Some weapons feel almost useless without the skills dedicated to them. Youll often run dry on arrows with the basic bows if you dont get good drops or the skills that spawn them for you. And the hammers take too much stamina and deal too low dps for how often you get the hammer skill(s?).-The skill tree seems to have no serious level of determining which skill is for which tier. It seems like the first two can have a mix and match of any that fit in those three, and the third and fourth tiers have their own selection. However this can result in a useful ability being placed behind a really mediocre one, or being given some really op skills off the bat. (Full heal hammer, Status effect removal, full heal on scavenge were one combo i got for the tier 1s)This RNG can result in some runs just about being dead before they began, simply because you have to go balls deep early on to avoid deaths from overlong fights. Once again much like binding of isaac, but it doesnt quite feel as rewarding to get OP stuff in this.-Not much beneficial stuff as you replay. Unlike Binding of Isaac where you can earn a bunch of stuff from doing well, to either help or hinder (which you consider the change of drop chance that results) your next runs, pretty much everything you earn in Asura, from getting further, is just making the next runs harder...These pros and cons result in a game that does a decently good job, and one of the better Rogue-likes out there, but fails to truly shine in its own right, and feels like its in need of some balance changes.I absolutely recommend it due to its low price and replayability, but if you really need that 10 bucks, you arent missing out on much."
76561198012009404,Recommended,524640,31173508,Posted: 16 April,all,Exigus,"I'm kinda torn between recommending or not recommending.EDIT: Can now warmly recommend, though there are still some minor issuesIt's a really fun game,but it doesn't feel as if it should had been released yet.There are language issues in the english version, skills don't do what they're supposed to (""Applied to magic/melee/ranged attacks"" = Applies to everything), enemies spawn in walls making them invincible while you're locked into combat in that room so you have to reset the full run because of reasons. (Save+Quit doesn't work in combat, just quitting resets your progress)Then we have the hitboxes, every now and then you just get stunned randomly because of something not even close to you, leaving you to die. Walls are just an illusion for some enemies' ranged attacks.The targetting system has absolutely horrendous priorities (If any?). When you want to turn quick and shoot something you more often than not either target a random obstacle or just shoot straight into air, alternatively if turning quick to melee something it targets a bonfire or an enemy in a bonfire, instantly burning a piece of your equipment to ashes. (It's not ""difficulty"" to have unpolished controls that sends you flying into bonfires, it's just a nuisance that can ruin everything thanks to one enemy not moving from a bonfire)EDIT: Fixed in patch. Much more managable now, as it actually relies on skill nowThe controls are mostly fine, but the issues makes it so sluggish for this type of game, they lag out  sometimes making it very, very inconsistent. (Sometimes can't attack or dodge despite having enough stamina +1 bar and not locked in an animation?)When levelling up you get locked in place for eternities, killed me because a tower was still in the room and I had low health.If this game gets polished, ready for a public release, it'll make a really fun experience overall, but right now it's just too buggy/unpolished to consider that great, doesn't feel like it got tested thoroughly.When at the very least the controls (Laggy input system, or input queue system, whichever creates the issue), targetting priority and hitboxes are fixed, I happily change this to a recommend.EDIT: Devs are apparently very fast with hotfixingAs for the good stuff: The randomized skill system makes for fun builds, the weapons are usually fun, when the controls are mostly working it feels smooth to play.The enemies feel fairly well designed, I've enjoyed most bosses so far, and most of the enemy placement/groups feel like it was thought through.The visuals are nice and clear, and a lot of cool effects.The absolute highlight of this game is the skill system, makes it fun for RPG-oriented people like me to go for another run since there are no cookie cutter builds, you always have to make do with what you have.EDIT: After the latest patch fixing some of the control/targetting issues and such, I can recommend the game most definitely.However the auto-change to ranged/melee weapon on pickup or (The absolute trash ""function"") when a weapon gets burned is still there among some other minor crap."
,Recommended,524640,31218847,Posted: 18 April,all,hare1222,"Every bit worth owning.A dark story of vengence, a'la God Of War.The ranged and melee combat of Bastion.The RPG upgrades of both.Randomized dungeons and permadeath for a little extra hardcoreness.Pour in some Indian mythology.You get = Asura.OS = Linux Mint 17.3 64 bit.CPU = Core 2 Duo E8600 3.33GHz.Graphics = Nvidia GT 720.Controller = Logitech F310 set to XInput.Plays fantastic."
76561197975998881,Recommended,524640,31175440,Posted: 16 April,all,raul_duke2123,Ive never done a review before but i just had to say something about this game. I am pleasantly surprised by it. It reminds me of like diabloesque roguelite but its unique in its own way. You either loot people or take exp from them which is a pretty cool mechanic. Basically do you need exp or more gold.Im having fun with it so far. I can only get to the third level so far and the items have been fun and enemy difficulty has been ok. My only gripe is the burn mechanic. If you get set on fire you will lose some or all of your gear. And your health and stamina is tied to your gear mostly. Also the skill tree is random so your run can be awesome sometimes depending on what skills pop up.But i am loving it once you get used to the dodging and when to attack enemies it feels really good. Oh yea use a controller.
76561197970358346,Recommended,524640,32098128,Posted: 31 May,all,BlackjackGT,"http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=936482239Fun and addictive hybrid brawler/twin stick shooter that's billed as a hack'n'slash with roguelike elements.While a Diablo-style click to move/attack control scheme is available, I've found WASD keys plus mouse aiming/attack/melee-range switching has worked very well for me.You can roll to evade ranged attacks. Melee attacks do more damage to ranged attackers; and ranged attacks do more damage to melee attackers. Simple things, I just found that really made for a refreshingly tactical game.The game has five randomly generated fortresses, and a compelling mix of 12 bosses.Great music and sound effects. Combat has a very satisfying feel and ""crunch"" to it thanks the combination of the vivid character animations and sound FX work. The game is also tremendously polished and stable, in my experience. You can save/exit at any time, so you can always take a break and pick back up later.The game has 12 different bosses with a wide variety of attacks and movement patterns. It's really fun to grapple with them and figure out different tactics and strategies to overcome them.The procedural skill tree changes on every play-through so you can't just spam the same abilities over and over each run -- you won't know what you might have access to next time.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=935813873Highest compliment I can pay the game is that the act of playing it is so much fun that I can't wait to get back to it when I'm away from it. :) And unlike many games with roguelike elements, when my character dies, I usually can't wait to go through the game again. :)Also, the dev team from India has been very responsive and interacts with players a lot at the Steam forum.I'll try to update this review later when I can actually break myself way from enjoying Asura. :)"
,Not Recommended,524640,31190645,Posted: 16 April,all,Ferret Poop,"Combat unfun. Not worth the time. Don't buy.Pros:* Great loot system* Great skill system (although you can get screwed sometimes)* Balacing gold, health, and skill progression really cool* Stats very meaningfulCons:* Endless kiting, gets old fast.* Some rooms are impossible to do anything in except die, not a skill issue, a spam issue.Since the game is all about combat, I'd rate it a 6/10. Great meta ideas, the actual combat sucks."
,Not Recommended,524640,31132165,Posted: 14 April,all,Kaskadininkas Maikas,"There was a review of this game, that is posted by one of the publishers. It was called out in the comment section, but the comments got deleted. This review, however, isn't going to be deleted and I hope everyone puts this into consideration before buying this game.The deal with the fake review got sorted out with the developers, to quote what they said in the comment section, so you don't have to scroll all the way down:""Hi Mike,We are a two person team from India who have made the game and let me assure you that we would never ask anyone to review or promote the game in a misguided manner.Now in this particulare case, we have a chinese publishing partner who is handling the chinese version of the game and it was one their members who did this.We sincerly apologize on behalf of them.Thank you!""There is no point of fake reviews if a game is good.I didn't like the way the game controls and the graphics were of a budget mobile hack and slash game. Although the game seems to have a solid replayability.The game isn't terrible, I assume the devs tried their best (2 dev team), so don't skip this just because of the controversy. Try it out, if you don't like it, you can easily refund it.Take all the positive reviews with a grain of salt, I didn't post this review to hate on the game, just didn't want everyone to waste their time refunding it."
,Recommended,524640,31166037,Posted: 15 April,all,pillowwalk,"This is a great game. The big winner here is the way the game keeps every run absolutely fresh. Levels are random, the monsters are random, weapons are random, hell the skill tree is randomized. What this means is that for every run, you have to adjust your play style according to what you get.Also, this game is hard. ;) It is not a long game, but you can end up spending hours playing this. There are 5 levels/floors which you have to finish in a single run and you restart from the beginning if you die. I haven't yet gone past level 3 :(.Overall, considering how cheap the game is and how good the quality of the game is, this should be a must play for anyone who likes games in this genre. 10/10."
,Recommended,524640,32159228,Posted: 3 June,all,MnM | L94,"I'm positively surprised about how fun this game is. I've only tried controller so far, and the gameplay is smooth even with all different kinds of fight mechanics.For someone who has played binding of isaac in the past, the gameplay is mostly intuitive but there's also a well implemented tutorial in the first level.From what I've seen so far, the replayability of Asura feels to be quite high.  I'm excited to see where this game is heading in future updates!Oh yeah, and Indian mythology is awesome, just saying.."
,Recommended,524640,34821381,Posted: 8 September,all,Zekk,"Rating7/10Worth it?At a discount - yes.At full price... well, consider that it was made by a two-man company based in India. It's worth it, just to support those guys.PlaytimeIt took me 7.5 hours to complete it on the first difficulty. You could probably do it in 3h, but I got killed a lot.A second difficulty level is unlocked after that and there is one more to look forward to. I didn't play them.ComparisonIt's a hack&slash game, but don't thinkDiablo. You visit one room/arena at a time, sort of likeDungeon of the Endless, but you're in control - you decide who and how to attack.PlotThe story is set in Indian mythology.A king wanted to make a blood sacrifice to the Gods so he burned an innocent kid at the stake. The kid didn't die and was given special abilities by other beings (Rakshasa Lords). He turned into Asura (Demon) so he could get revenge on the king.You have to go through five fortresses that were raised to stop you. Each one has an elite warrior (Maha-Yodha) protecting it. After you defeat one you get access to the next fortress and the king awaits in the last one. After you defeat the king, you unlock the next difficulty level and repeat the same thing all over again.Look...It looks very well for an indie game (no pun intended). The rooms/arenas are relatively simple, but if you take the time to look at the buildings in the background, you'll notice some great artwork.The visual effects, the animations, everything looks really good.One area that I didn't like that much is the UI, especially the inventory. The circle where you level-up and pick abilities looks good, but the one where you switch weapons does not.... and FeelI played with a controller and it was a good choice. It felt natural to move around, roll and use different types of attacks. Aiming at enemies was simple enough (it's assisted), but when I tried to shoot arrows at some fire pits it wasn't as straightforward.The menus were a different story - even the nicely looking one for abilities was erratic to navigate, not behaving as expected. I mean it's round and your analog stick can do round moves, yet it only moved from one ability to another and not based on the left-right and up-down movements in relation to the center.AudioVery good soundtrack, matching the Indian mythology theme. You can check it out on theofficial Ogre Head Studio's YouTube channel.One thing worth noting is that the game doesn't have an English voice-over, just subtitles. That's not a big deal, there's not much talking anyway, only in videos (about three of them).GameplayYou mostly run around killing enemies. But, with each enemy killed, you can choose whether you want to get experienceorloot. Progress your character or get more gold - that's not a simple choice.The fighting areas are usually small, like rooms or chambers. Most of the time there's 2-4 enemies in a room. You get bigger arenas when you progress in the game, with 8-10 enemies in them. They're usually both ranged and melee enemies and there's an interesting twist to that - you do more damage to ranged enemies with your melee weapon and more damage to melee enemies with your ranged weapon.So you run, kill, get new abilities and find/buy/craft new equipment. Once you kill everyone (or even before that) you fight the boss and move on to the next level. Do that five times and you start over on a higher difficulty level.The official game description says it features ""heavy rogue-like elements"" and that's true. When you die, you lose everything. Everything. All abilities, all items, all gold, all experience. You then start again and the map is different and so is your ability tree. The only things that are kept between gameplays are the unlocked difficulty levels and characters - there are 4 of them, only one unlocked at the start. When you get the 4 main abilities in one ability tree unlocked during one play-through (7 level-ups required), you unlock a new character. They have different stats, base skills and starting equipment.ConclusionThe first impression was great, I started to like this game straight away. Then I died a bunch of times on the easy difficulty (n00b), so I stopped liking it. But I still wanted to play more, so I did, and I started to like it again.It's worth giving it a chance if you're into hack&slash games and you want to try something new. It doesn't take as much time as the likes of Diablo, you can literally complete the first level in 5 minutes. The further you go, the longer the levels get, but if you get the hang of it you could probably get to the final boss in less than 3 hours.It's simple, it's fresh and it's got that something that makes you want to come back and play a little bit more.Pros- original Indian setting- hard choice between experience and gold- good soundtrackCons- progression could be more rogue-lite, not rogue-like- the UI (menus, inventory, ability tree)- levels, especially the first ones, could be a little bit bigger/longer"
76561198356056263,Recommended,524640,31522569,Posted: 3 May,all,kalpanaashri,I am very happy to see our Indian mythology based hack and slash game. The graphics are very good and controls are easy. Only one issue with the game is Asura is killed easily. I wish it was more like Titan quest where you get plenty of health potions and energy potions. Also gold spawn is also high...Or maybe I am a poor player!Nevertheless good job guys! I am super proud!
76561198004382489,Recommended,524640,31162517,Posted: 15 April,all,djinnajit,"First, This game is hard.Second, there is a RNG element that sometimes just sucks.  You get insanely frustrated (I have only made it to level 3 a few times, never further), but then you hit restart.  It takes a lot of getting used to what each enemy does more than anything else.  So your character does not keep anything from each new start, it's just your own knowledge.I love the choice of Exp or Loot...I enjoy the random kill tree.UPDATE:  My one major issue was burning destroying weapons.  They nerfed burning on easy mode (which is still not easy).  I still do not see the need for that mechanic at all, but great update."
76561198006031061,Recommended,524640,33035598,Posted: 30 June,all,Jenohart,"I've been on a hack n slash binge and this seemed right up my alley, and I knew I hit something great the minute I touched the controls.This isn't like other hack n slashers so don't expect to be wading into enemies with big fancy combos. Damage is high for both you and the enemy, you've got a dodge roll full of i-frames that you can cancel into at any time and all your actions are constrained by a stamina bar. Hit n run tactics are king, every hit feels significant.You might think that ranged attacks would rule the game, but melee attacks can hit groups of enemies and heavier weapons can stun enemies out of their attack animations. Hammers cause you to lunge as you attack making them excellent counterattacking weapons. Bows use arrows which are limited, while chakras don't use ammo but have a slower rate of fire. Ultimately, you always carry both melee and ranged so the game encourages you to switch up between them as needed.Levelling up brings skill points that can be used to raise basic stats, but each run will have randomized passive and active skill trees tied to each stat you level up. Increasing stamina might decrease shop prices, increasing health might give a chance to steal health on hit. Lots of variety for each playthrough, presented through a rad story essentially about playing as a demon rebelling against the corrupt kingdom of men and gods.If you're a fan of action rogue-likes and also a fan of weighty combat where every hit counts *coughSoulscough* then I definitely recommend you try this out."
,Recommended,524640,33638371,Posted: 18 July,all,Arcades,"Asura is a little gem found by chance but I am glad I have played this game. It is simple but incredibly addictive: only five levels, a lot of enemies, bloody hard. Every time you die you start from the beginning.While the game may looks even too simple it isn't because you have to plan your strategy. You have four little skill tree, each one is very effective but you have only 11 points (if you make this far!), also the skills are randomized so each game is a new strategy. When you kill an enemy you have to choose whether salvage it, and find loot, or for experience and level up faster. This, and more, gives a randomization of the game that, in the end, is not frustrating but instead very fun.Congratulation to the very small team who made this game.Additional congratulation for the story that while is simple is well directed and space a little away from the conventional stereotype of the good hero killing the bad foe.On top of this, Linux version. +1"
76561198015884168,Recommended,524640,31147783,Posted: 14 April,all,THE VIGILANTE,"Played the game for a couple of hours and have been enjoying it so far. It sarts fairly easy but then starts gettting hard pretty quickly. I haven't made it past the 3rd level yet. Asura is an action RPG with rogue elements. When you die you lose all gear and XP and start right back at the beginning. Levels are randomly generated so replaying each level is a little different every time. It has full controller support and I feel it's so much better playing this game with a controller than with M & K.Pros:- Randomly generated levels makes replaying levels not get too repetitive- The devs decision to keep the original Indian/ Hindu language makes the game a bit more mystical- It was only $8.99 which is a good value since you can't even go to the movies now-a-days for that priceCons:- Game is fairly short. I made it to level 3 in what seemed like less than an hour and the game has only about 5 or 6 levels- Controls are sometimes a bit floaty where your character keeps moving in a direction on his own after you release the directional pad- There's only about 1 or 2 songs in the game so the music gets a bit repetitive- There is no balance between choosing to absorb the dead enemies (which give you XP) or looting their bodies (which gives you loot drops so you never have enough money to purchase anything if you choose to get XP- The weapons you pick up get destroyed if you touch a fire pit which sucks cause the game starts getting preety hard from level 3 onEven though it has more Cons than Pros, I am still enjoying the game and would rather support an Indie developer that focuses on the players than a tripple A developer that is more worried about milking the gamers out of their $$$"
,Recommended,524640,31478531,Posted: 30 April,all,Brucenstein,"(I see that some people have issues with keyboard controls - note I've only played on a gamepad.)First and foremost, I am not a fan of the permadeath in this game. I know, I know, ""Rogue Like"" and all that jazz, but it's simply not my preferred play style; I'm a much more ""casual"" type of gamer these days and permadeath just does not jive with how I play. To wit: I've played for about 90 minutes now and have yet to beat the first set of 4 floors because I get frustrated and quit when sent back to the very beginning. I just don't have the patience to GIT GUD and it's disappointing because the game is very fun to play.Asura is set in a cool universe that isn't much explored in games, that being Indian Mythology. While the game will feel immediately familiar, the setting gives a cool flavor to everything from the skill tree to the enemies even though it doesn't matter for 99% of the game. The story is of the ""good enough"" variety and serves as an adequate backdrop to mindless smashing and fireball-ing.Asura is essentially an action/arcade game more than it is an RPG. Meaning that movement and quick timing are more important than skills and weapon buffs. I.e., it's way more ""Gauntlet"" than it is ""Diablo"". However, don't take this to mean that skills and weapons are unimportant, just that (theoretically) you can still kill everything if your thumbs are up to it.Regarding the weapons and skills, both are highly randomized (the game touts a ""procedurally generated"" skill system, though the goodies menu seems to indicate that there is a finite number of 82 combinations). This means you're unlikely to see a significant dulication of skills on your playthrough - yes, your progression is unique each time! While we're all used to this for weapon drops, it's really neat to see the same idea done with skills. In fact, I was taken aback the first time I restarted and saw that my first level up options were different than before. This randomness helps not only the replay value but it makes it so that there is no ""one"" specific build that you always gravitate toward because it's objectively better. It's a clever bit of value-add and balance in one.The weapon system consists of, basically, melee and ranged (one branch of the skill tree also provides magic). This difference is important because enemies follow the same format - close, ranged, magic - and each is resistant to their particular kind of attack (e.g. a melee unit is resistant to your melee attacks). This makes sure that combat is more than simply finding one supreme weapon and spamming it all the way through the level.The fact that there are really only 2 (plus magic) weapon options, and a limited amount of move options (""dash"" and ""dodge"") may disappoint some people, but I found that they played on each other very well and that adding more options would actually muddle the frenetic combat into something more staid and boring. But that's just me - maybe you like having 50 unique counter-moves, but this isn't the game for it.One thing that I found incredibly smart was what happens after enemies die - you have the option to either ""scavenge"" or ""absord"" their corpses. Scavenging gives you currency and the chance for a loot drop, while absorbing gives you experience. That's right - you don't get XP just from killing things. Instead, you have to specifically choose it over currency and drops.This system provides almost a resource-management aspect to the game because there is never enough of either currency or XP to go around. While I found that, generally, absorbing for XP was the better option, there are definitely resons to scavenge, especially when you take a couple hits in the next room and need to buy some health, or find a locked door and don't have the cash for a key. This simple scavenge/absorb mechanic adds a lot more to the game than expected, and makes your character and runs even more personal.By the way, you get a limited amount of time to scavenge/absorb those enemies, so you can't kill the whole level and come back to snag 'em. It's a use-it-or-lose-it type of thing.You'll notice that most of what Asura offers is simple - a couple different types of attacks, 4 paths for your skill tree, and  2 basic combat actions. However, I think this simplicity is the game's greatest strength. Each encounter feels very tight because of it and, while these encounters can be challenging, you know that you always have the tools need to solve them. In other words, the combat works BECAUSE it is simple, not in spite of it.All in all, Asura is definitely a recommended title if you're into hack-and-slash, doubly so if you enjoy them to be challenging. I still wish they would make it less punishing for us who like more relaxed play styles (even call it ""wussy mode"", I don't care!). However, I very much appreciate what the developers were trying to do and I think they accomplished it very well."
76561198158017949,Recommended,524640,31211167,Posted: 17 April,all,Meme Machine,I haven't played much but it took me 77 minutes to get through the first level and boss. If you're not up for a challenge and anger don't buy this game it only gets harder as you go. Great game though.
76561197989312981,Recommended,524640,35466854,Posted: 4 October,all,Nanni the unlucky,"I like ""action RPG"" genre and I like ""roguelike"" genre too. But that doesn't mean I like every ""action RPG roguelike"" game out there.Asura's logo immediately caught my attention (the red demon leaning out, sword and bow in hand, with an expression of pure hatred and anger on his face... oh yeah!), so I decided to give it a try.I usually don't ask for refunds: with all the reviews and let's plays available I think there are no excuses (except human laziness) for doing so. Thus, when I say ""to give it a try"", I mean an ""aware and irrevocable try"", and this enhances my post-purchase emotions and judgements (either good or bad).And I was VERY pleased after launching Asura.I play with keyboard + mouse without any problem (completed the first 3 difficulties in 12.7 hours, I'll play the new super-hard Demonic difficulty just for fun).The gameplay is quite straightforward: you can switch quickly from ranged weapon to melee weapon according to the situation: basically melee foes are weaker to ranged attacks and viceversa, but it all depends on your character build, speaking of which...everything in a given run is randomly generated: from the map to the loot, even the skill tree is procedural. Skills are taken from a big ""pool"" and assigned randomly each run.I do not agree with the complaints about this feature: If you really love roguelikes, you should know that even more ""classic"" ones are heavily dependant on the quality of the loot you find, so basically playing a roguelike means ""try to get the best out of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ situation you're in"". This game is heavily dependant on loot AND on skill tree. If a run starts bad, just die and start another one, or press on and take the unlimited glory provided by finishing a game with a useless build thrown at you by the evil RNGesus.The only thing you choose before each run is the ""class"" of your demon: there is a balanced one, a range-focused one, a melee-focused one and a magic-focused one, each with different starting abilities and parameters. A nice addition to the gameplay is the possibility to choose to loot enemy corpses or to ""absorb"" them in order to get items/money or experience, respectively. So, for example you can manage to focus your build on items if given a bad skill tree.There is a lovely amount of items, spells, weapons to find and unlock, and completionists will be pleased about it. There is a ""crypt"" too, where you can save the best builds you manage to create. Even new bosses are unlockable.The setting is fresh, recalling legends of ancient India; the sounds are good (nice ""thuds"" on melee impact and the DAMN EPIC VOICE OF THE ASURA, which is not english and thus enhancing the sense of occult and mysticism in our western ears).But the most important thing: the thrill of always being on the edge that this game manages to provide. After beating the last boss at Asura difficulty I had to stop playing because my heart was beating so strong that I thought it would explode! Adrenaline + victory achievement... oh yeah!"
,Recommended,524640,31195073,Posted: 17 April,all,mя. 3nygma,"Asura was quite exciting for me to play as I was looking forward to it for quite a while. Needless to say, I enjoy playing it despite being not too good at it, owing to the brutal difficulty of the gameplay. The procedural generation of the levels and the skilltree lends to a lot of replayability even after completing the game.Great stuff Ogrehead. Keeping eyes peeled for what you make next. Meanwhile, I'll go die a few hundred times in Asura.The only thing I didn't enjoy was the bland Times New Roman being used through the UI.4.5/5"
76561198054141209,Recommended,524640,32207282,Posted: 5 June,all,OOXIV,"I would highly reccomend. It is very fun gameplay with a great story. Would be amazing with multiplayer pvp or coop.Some critisism: balance needs a lot of work. ranged it alot stronger than melee and magic is just terrible. ranged is so much safer and most bosses have mechanics which punish melee which makes it even weaker. melee needs more stamina than ranged yet the ranged tree gives stamina.  there are a couple of minor glitches e.g. when forging and items it sometimes spawns where it cant be picked up. some of the bosses are way stronger than others. Example is the ranged boss for the first area it far tougher than all the 2nd, 3rd, 4th area bosses. still a great game and i would highly reccomend it."
,Recommended,524640,31268508,Posted: 20 April,all,Fakesmiles,"The bottom line for this game is that if you enjoy playing rogue-likes, you will most likely enjoy this game!  Even those that enjoy hack-n-slash games that have permadeath should enjoy this title as well.I will say with this title there isn't nearly as much content as say a Binding of Isaac, but the devs are still working on this title and continue to release updates.  At 12 hours in I've unlocked about half the game effectively, having unlocked all the characters, used most of the skills and completed half of the acheivements with only completing a handful of runs all the way though. Only bug I've come across so far was my boomerang not always returning to me, usually sorted itself out after leaving the room I was in combat in or switching weapons.I'd also like to address some of the criticsms I saw in other reviews, most of it was around either 1 the controls or 2 the fact that the game is a rogue-like?1. For the first issue I'll preface by saying I play with a controller as it is recommended for this title.-Yes there are many times that you effectively need to kite around the room avoiding enemies.  That said how the frames work in this game you should be able to stop running, then as the enemies go into their attack animation move away just a tad and in turn hit them either from a different angle or as they approach again (specifically for melee creatures that is).  For ranged creatures this is a nonissue as they have a cooldown between when they shoot.2. For the second issue argueing about the game being unfair- whether it be through the skill selection or fire/stun conditions there are mechanics to get around these and the game is a rogue-like so it tends to be feast or famine at times.-On the randomization of skills you have to realize that for each enemy you kill you have the option to either scavenge (effectively to obtain gold and potential loot) or to absorb the corpse and gain xp.  If your skills really suck you can focus on obtaining gold to get the really overpowered passive items from the shop, I personally have yet to have a run where I have not found a use or effective build with the skills presented to me.-As for the conditions stun really isn't an issue, sure it can cost you a run but it is not very abundance and can be easily dodged most of the time.  Also just because you get stunned doesnt necessarily mean you will get hit after.  Fire on the otherhand is quite abundant and a bit annoying as you will most likely lose a peice of equipment.  Then again there are mechanics in the game to get around this both an item in the shop that is pretty cheap and a skill that sometimes shows up.  The devs are working on fixing parts of this, for instance they already changed the bonfires to only require 1 range hit to destroy now."
76561198017598382,Recommended,524640,32967890,Posted: 28 June,all,Feanor'sNIPS,"Best value I've ever gotten out of a game, and one of my all-time favorites"
,Recommended,524640,33167237,Posted: 2 July,all,Jazzy Fella,"What a hidden gem! If you like roguelikes and fast paced diablo style action, get this game. Completed it in normal and hard difficulties for the full story, now Im gonna start playing at Asura difficulty. Why? For some more carnage and revenge of course!"
76561198110679049,Recommended,524640,33238136,Posted: 4 July,all,Zee,"Always been a fan of mthology games, not to mention Hack and Slash/Rogue-Like elements. Only tried gameplay with a keyboard/mouse setup.Once you get the controls set to your style, the gameplay is very smooth and you'll enjoy your time. No cons for this one from me!"
76561197993075235,Recommended,524640,31246245,Posted: 19 April,all,Coaf,"For developers to update every day, must be praised."
,Recommended,524640,31164510,Posted: 15 April,all,Church is NSFL,"Still can't get passed level 4... This game is brutal, but fun as hell. Definitely worth picking up!"
76561198012388063,Recommended,524640,31170122,Posted: 15 April,all,emontyj,It's like guantlet with item drops. Singleplayer and challenging
76561198015292026,Recommended,524640,31357261,Posted: 25 April,all,Cheapdate,"Just get the game already. $9.99? This is so worth the price of a good burger. Give these guys your money, they deserve it.Excellent quality, easy and straight forward to play.It is very refreshing to play something that a) isn't western, b) isn't Japanese and c) isn't some horrible amalgum of both.Get it. I'm off to walk the dog, when I get back it better be installed on your hard drive. If not, you're life will be emptier than it already is. Do yourself a favor. You've been told."
,Recommended,524640,32160419,Posted: 3 June,all,CorvidBehaviour,"The hook is that when you kill an enemy, you can choose to either loot the corpse for money and possibly loot, or absorb yellow balls that give you xp.You can use the money to forge items which give huge passive boosts to your character, or buy items from the shop. Items that will save your armor, in the event of fire, for example.The skill trees are randomly generated from a pool for each run. on anything but the lowest difficulty you can't see ahead on the trees, making the choice more of a gamble.The various passive and active skills, along with the differences in gameplay between weapons and character choice provide a lot of replay value. Levels are procedurally generated, and there are 3 bosses for every floor but the last.Controls are tight and the combat is fun. Becoming op happens often enough.The devs are working on adding content to an already full-featured and complete game.Rad cutscenes."
,Recommended,524640,35097739,Posted: 20 September,all,Behemoth,"A fun rogue-ish RPG.Combat is not what I thought, but ended up being better. More similar to a souls game than diablo, deliberate and based on dodging attacks. Getting around levels is a little slow sometimes, but the waypoint-based teleport alleviates that a lot.Great use of a non-standard fantasy setting!"
,Recommended,524640,31190498,Posted: 16 April,all,Emil,"Super fun and addicting game that keeps you coming back over and over again to see how much farther you can make it each run. If you like Binding of Isaac but prefer ""prettier"" and more readable graphics, this is a great choice!"
76561197964625741,Recommended,524640,32546910,Posted: 18 June,all,Ajzee,"One of the best games i have played in a long while. not a long game, not a complex game but a good game. i would even say it is a great game that delivers what it is suposed to"
76561198036285621,Recommended,524640,31140964,Posted: 14 April,all,M!hawk,"For more indepth review you can see comrad_gremlin review, where all pros and cons are explained clearly by him.I have been playing this game for 3 hours now and i am loving it. I will be playing this until next Binding of issac.You can call this a mix of Binding of Isaac and torchlight type games. The randomness it creates everytime you play in weapons and skill tree makes the game very interesting. Also there are few player punishing mechanics which you will learn the hard way, which can be frustrating sometime but that is a part of such rouge like game.Dont expect it to beat it on the very first try. There is a learning curve to it where you keep learning about mechanics. Once you learn almost all of them it becomes enjoyable.The game gets very hard and hard as you progress into the levels. This is what i can tell for nowYa there is that one negative review. I know i was also a victim of reviews in my past (Ehmm ""No man sky""). So i would rather check a game on my own by playing it or watching someone play it, instead of believing some 5 minute playthrough review. I recommend the same for people who want to know about the real review decide and have your on your own opinion, watch streams or youtube videos and make up your minds. Or else you can buy it try to yourself and refund it if you dont like."
76561198254198742,Recommended,524640,31169735,Posted: 15 April,all,wakuhudo,"After all, I have to say this game is pretty classical. I might have seen elements of a few other dungeon games in it. However, the designers combined them organically and smoothly into a half-realistic-half-phantom background of, I guess, Hindi mythology? Since the names of skills and gods and enemies are all from Hindi. You may also see some insinuation on historical events. Through out the game, the charactors are talking in a language I've never heard of--not English, not Chinese, not Spanish, not French, nor Japanese that I have some basic studies in--maybe Hindi, I suppose, which brings a sense of exotic atmosphere. The control on keyboard and mouse is OK, but not as good as on a controller, as the game mentioned. Also, the difficulty is somewhat challenging. During the entire two and a half hours period of playing, I have only seen two people passed the highest difficulty, which is broadcasted  to the world. If you love the games that will make you suffer, and you are confident in your hit-and-run skills, you are the potential customer. BTW, the first red character looks so much like the Crash in Crash Bandicoot, especially when it flies..."
,Not Recommended,524640,31230979,Posted: 18 April,all,Thatguy_Zach,"Never wrote a review here before, but i loved this game at SXSW and couldn't wait till it came out. Now that its out I can't help but think its here too soon. Game crashes constanly to the point where its not even worth playing because i lose my progress everytime i start a new game. Was 1 skill away from unlocking a new character and the second i clicked the new skill once i leveled up the game shut down, didnt save any skills i unlocked (discovered), and didnt give me the new character. Please fix this. Game is very fun (and I will definitely recommend it when it gets fixed), but only when youre able to make any progress playing it."
,Recommended,524640,32472012,Posted: 16 June,all,Beldin,This game is awesome. Great replayability and good value for price.
76561198038550728,Not Recommended,524640,35178905,Posted: 24 September,all,Fatlegs,"The game is cool at first.- Visually it is very nice, I really like the theme.- I dont mind the controls either.- The character progression is awesome.- Really nice resource management where you choose between extra Exp, or more loot.This holds true for the first playthrough, maybe even the second. After that its just endless restarts upon restarts because of the ""unique procedural skill tree"".Every new game you get a new skill tree, but there is no system, layers, tiers, groups, whatever, to differentiate passive skills from active. Or late game skills from early game skills. So what happens almost every new game is a skill tree that is completely unplayable.You might get a really nice starting skill to build either a melee or ranged character, but I guarantee it won´t synergise with more then one or two other skills. And good luck getting a weapon to match. Good luck getting anything other then complete randomness at every turn.My 5 hours of gameplay has given me 3 runs where things kinda worked out nicely. Not a single run where I felt overpowered for even a single room, or floor (first floor dosen´t count). Cant count the number of restarts. The constant feeling of underpowered due to randomness is a real fun-killer."
76561198092248119,Recommended,524640,34355130,Posted: 19 August,all,रोहू,"Asura blends Hindu mythology with ARPG.The game has a fairly simple design. Starts with a small map. Smaller rooms connected with passages. Each room has ememies or breakable stuff. As you progress it gets bigger and tougher. And when I say tough, I mean grinding till victory tough. You have five floors and three difficulties. Each with its unique layout and end boss. Each victory unlocks new passives, weapons and bosses. This is where Asura's procedural generation shines. Five floors and three difficulties and a heck lot of fun.Talking about combat, it similar to the typical ARPG. Top down hack and slash.Considering that this game is developed by just two guys and its price, it is an OUTSTANDING product. Asura may not bring anything new besides its mythology to the ARPG genre, but is is something much more important for the country from which it originates: a step in the right direction."
,Recommended,524640,31202456,Posted: 17 April,all,Sairalinde,"Asura is a good indie game combines hack and slash and dungeon crawler. Devs say, current state of the game is the base game which they will include more and more with time. There are a lot of bugs right now but Devs are very interested in feedbacks and they release patches with bug fixes evey day. I guess its good invesment."
76561197963584381,Recommended,524640,31428500,Posted: 28 April,all,Iconoclast,"Fun game!Although the game is barely more than a mobile beat-em-up, the skill system, developer involvement, and fun combat make it a fun little roguelike worth playing. It's very polished, and the devs are updating it almost daily (as of this review)."
,Recommended,524640,31300511,Posted: 22 April,all,Akku,"I am not a fan of Top-down game approach neither I am a fan of Perma-death type games, But Asura surprised me. After reading a bunch of positive as well as negative reviews, I bought this game when it was on 10% sale. Being Indian, I wanted to support my native developers & I bought its dlc soundtrack too.Pros:1. Based on Indian mythology & surprisingly not rubbish.2. Has a decent story which you can see in the trailers itself.3. Narrative is in Hindi with English subtitles & the fact that the Hindi language is used with almost correct pronunciation.4. Awesome hack & slash type game.5. Random generated maps, enemies & skill tree makes its replayable value intact.6. Easy to play but difficult to master.7. Lot of achievements available for achievement hunters.8. Helpful developers who look into every bugs reported to them.9. The fact that a team of just 2 developers make this game is praise-worthy.Cons:1. Lot of the negative reviews here said about missing WASD controls. I'll include it as well but I'm glad that the developers look into this matter & they brought it in their beta phase. I hope it gets in the main game as soon as possible.2. Randomly generated skill tree sometimes make the game very easy to play while at the other times make it extremely difficult to play. Sometimes I get all worth less skills in the beginning which makes it very difficult to play in that run.3. The items available in the shop were very costly when I purchased the game but the developers have listened to us & have now reduced the prices. Now it is much easier to play than previous. However I dont like the fact that the same item cost more in each subsequent levels. What I meant is an item suppose ""A"" cost 10 sona(gold) in lvl 1 while the same item ""A"" cost 15 in lvl 2 then 20gold in lvl 3 & so on. It is my personal opinion & I won't term it as a pure ""con"".Verdict:I highly recommend this game because of its very low cost & fantastic game play. Also I expect developers to just remain positive with this game & update it with more content in future.Enjoy gamers. :)"
76561197970637038,Recommended,524640,31201021,Posted: 17 April,all,Shincke,"Very early going but this game is really fun -- both in its difficulty level and in the variability of loot/ability upgrades really reminds me of Binding of Isaac, although so far this game is significantly more difficult.  Recommended."
76561197988331510,Recommended,524640,31136897,Posted: 14 April,all,Pappy Everidge,"Pretty gud game. Some motor skills required.Contains interesting mechanics:Like choosing between gold/consumables and experience points when looting corpses;and a burning status effect that destroys your gear (it makes me sad).The skill tree randomizes each run and has 4 sections focused on attack, health, ranged, & magic.Sometimes you get trash build potential. Sometimes the synergy is amazing.There's multiple characters but the process to unlock them is a little counter-intuitive.Cons:Seems like the sort of game if you git gud at you can speedrun in 12 minutes.Some typos and grammatical errors (like freezed instead of frozen).Bonus points for legitimate use of a non-nazi related swastika in a video game.pic includedI'm sure the SJW will have a field day.Overall: I think the price point is just right for this game @ $10."
76561198042886846,Recommended,524640,31141826,Posted: 14 April,all,Billa Bakchod,"After an hour of playtime, all I can say is that Asura is gonna be one of those 50-100 hour game that falls in the same category as Nuclear Throne, Enter the Gungeon, Binding of Isaac, Lost Castle, Darkest Dungeon and such. Its a game with familiar game mechanics but an unfamiliar premise, world, characters, language and music. Its biggest USP is that it feels raw and fresh as compared to the names listed above.Current Ratings out of 10:Sounds - 8/10 (unique is the best word to describe the music inside the game)Environment Design - 7.5/10 (1st level looks slightly monochromatic but there's plenty of life in the the later levels)Enemy Design - 9/10 (love how vibrant and distinct they are both in terms of the art and their behavior inside the game)Replaybility - 8.5/10 (I've barely scratched the surface with my current playtime. Lots to discover.)Fun Factor - 8/10 (hack-slash-swish-swoosh. It's definitely fun)Overall Rating - 8.2/10Would I recommend it to Rogue-Like fans? Definitely. Without a doubt! Go for it just for the art and the world it brings with it, if nothing else."
76561197967070224,Recommended,524640,31151529,Posted: 15 April,all,Darkstar,"As someone who has played the majority of rogue-like games on steam, This game falls somewhere in the top third. Asura plays similarly to hack/slash lootfests with the one notable difference of a dodge function. Another cool rogue-like touch is the importance of loot, you will find only a few pieces of loot each floor making the choice to change gear or the thrill of finding rare pieces feel meaningful. Fair warning: Depending on the roll of the dice the game can be very challenging. I found myself fighting the first boss with only my starting gear a few times, leading to a quick death."
76561198036974015,Not Recommended,524640,31232493,Posted: 19 April,all,SlayerFury,"GAME IN CONCEPT: Battle (all the unique stuff)Is good. The OVER RANDOMNESS is not and will annoy you if your like me. In short skill has nothing to do with it unless your at the EXTREMELY GOOD level.Once you understand how it works you find your self constantly restarting until the randomiser gives you abilites that actually work together and those abilities in an acceptable order of leveling to.EG: I got all passives many of witch require an ability to be cast or linked to a specific type of ability (else they do nothing) and then have one of those abilites or just an active ability and wont be able to even level until you are level 8 because of the leveling order that you have no control over and is totally random. In short the game made it to hard to be enjoyable before you even began to play.Worse after playing for a while I realise the game is in fact balanced to you actually having a challenge as if you got all the right abilities, and weapons you wanted with those abilites.In short it's out right stupid. Despite I actually like the game and I'm sure many will on first look. And I say ""I like"" in hope it will be changed to improve on what I meantion in this review.Next, is the all of the above added to item random drop as well.EG: get random draft of abilities your happy with, then the only weapons you get out of chests and etc, are BOWS (so in other words 1 weapon, 1 bow) that needs arrows to refill, and then by random spawn never get enough arrows, while all you have is the basic default club that deals on average less than 50% the average items damage out of all the weapons you CAN get. (this is not rare, example this occured to me at most 3 times in a row, 3 restarts with coutless other instant restarts between based on the ability drafting till I got what would be acceptable (think I can do something with).Advice to any that play the game never use the big HAMMERS. The movment slow is to much, and the committed attack action (you activate attack command game reacts, character swings attack) keeps you in reaction time to long (this is attack action where you have no control, you get control over charater when the reaction time is over, reaction time is the moment after damage impact). In short you stun yourself every time you attack but the hammers self stun is just way longer than other melee weapons. So there are moments where attacking melee with the hammer is just a damage trade. The hammers do deal much greater damage than other weapons but, the slow and damage trading are both constant in the game, so don't use the hammers. 1v1 not verse bosses is the only time the hammers are good weapons. And at that point they are better than all the other weapons but, anywhere else all the other weapons are better than the hammers.I want to see this game as at least 2 player, be really fun. And to have the ability to allow players to choose in what order and what abilites they want to use on each run. (even if they can only choose from abilities they have already unlocked)"
76561198049111559,Not Recommended,524640,31307193,Posted: 22 April,all,matt.manley07,"This game has everything you could ask for in a beat em up/rpg rogue-like. It has a huge skill tree, 4 different characters and tons of enemy and loot. It's one downfall is the controls. You move with a point and click mechanic which makes the combat as least fluid as possible. They suggest for the best gaming experience you should use an xbox controller. The problem is they don't even offer the classic wsad controls and anyone that doesn't own an xbox controller is left with a fatal disadvantage to the challenges of the game."
76561197973835537,Not Recommended,524640,31223331,Posted: 18 April,all,babyjester,"I should have read the perma death bit before buying, not my cup of tea.for me it gets boring really quick as I like progerssion and storylines to unfold so if this is the same for you I would avoid.Dont get me wrong it looks really good and very interesting but to start again gets old after about 6 times and found myself going back to Grim Dawn or Ember"
,Recommended,524640,31166973,Posted: 15 April,all,Lemony,the fact that everything is randomly generated makes me keep coming back for more. Great game
,Not Recommended,524640,32408701,Posted: 14 June,all,4-zakken,"well , at the beginning , its a pretty good game , but after playing more than 20 hours on it , i can say its not worth to loose time with this game. let me explain myself :- unlocking the hardcore difficulty really fast.- when you have 5 / 8 hours in this game , normal difficulty and hard difficulty are too easy , really easy , but the hardcore one is just unbalance with stupid situation and you will only counting on luck ( you can have skills with keyboard or controller, if you dont have luck in your tree or your loot, you will loose).- too much randomness, in everything !- most of the weapons and skills are useless in most of the situations.- some things are really stupid , like buy a key in hardcore mod for 15 sona (sona are gold in the game), open a chest in a key room, and enjoy your 3 or4 sona loot !- hardcore is basicaly one shot at start of the game excpeted if you play with the yellow asura. Very frustrating and many restart.- many stupid situation are run killer in hardcore ( i repeat, normal and hard difficulties are too easy after few hours ).- the aiming system is awfull ( some games wich had the same system do it much better, like Victor Vran for exemple).- Some game design are really dumb ( for exemple, in hardcore, at the first floor, all item room with chest are locked and a key is needed for open them, they is five locked item room. you can try to scavenge ALL the enemies for getting key, you will never get one! and as i explained before, buying key for 15 gold to get 4 gold is obviously not worth it XD )After explaining all this kind of annoying things, i can say i can recommend this game only if they balance the hardcore difficulty to get it less frustrating but much harder than the hard difficulty. If ogre head studio do this balance, i will recommend this game ^^"
,Recommended,524640,31187959,Posted: 16 April,all,GouthamMannuru,"I Met the Developers at Nascom GDC 2015 in Pune, Found this Game asura on showcase, and i was excited to see this game on steam finally ,My best wishes to Orge head Studios for this fantastic gameNo Wonder this game grabbed a lot of awardsI highly recommend this game"
76561198307956173,Recommended,524640,32176198,Posted: 4 June,all,usutsavs,awesome!
,Recommended,524640,31139508,Posted: 14 April,all,D3rTyp_,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCVSIXWe6L4I´m so excited for this GameI like Rougelites and Binding of Isaacand its Perfect you get a new SkillTree every RunMassiv Equiqment and so much fun lot of stuff tounlock.Buy it its not so Expensive :)So, Game Gespielt Bin begeistert !Geiles Rougelike Immer Wieder Neue Skills,Neue Items :) wie BindingOfIsaac BislHab ein Video erstellt und werde es Letsplayen :)"
76561198135743079,Recommended,524640,31245800,Posted: 19 April,all,Zestorias,This game is great I love it. but I think would be even more fun with co-op. just like add more enemies on co-op or something to keep the challenge.
76561198016519353,Recommended,524640,31210280,Posted: 17 April,all,Chayleb,Very clever game reminds me of binding of isaac with much different gameplayIt has an interesting feel to it like im in a mythic egyptian dungeon in a far away land completling a prophecyis good
76561198153517286,Recommended,524640,31144737,Posted: 14 April,all,Genji,"Truely amazing, played this game at SXSW gaming expo 2017 and it was lit.Pro's: Great Hack n' slash gameGreat storylineAmazing arsenal of weaponsHard and amzing bossesCon's: Really hardAnd that's all I got"
76561198085740266,Recommended,524640,31168185,Posted: 15 April,all,Aleyden,"This game is awesome. Polished, runs smoothly, and is even fun to boot! I didn't know how much I really wanted a game involving Hindu Mythology until I played this one (The cutscenes in Hindi is seriously awesome). My only two major complaints would be 1. Losing equipment is too painful. Enemies scale in later levels so if a weapon is lost or broken for whatever reason it's basically game over. It's just too punishing. 2. I wish there was a run button for out of combat. I usually want to clear an entire floor before moving on ahead but this quickly becomes a tedious process."
76561198048628640,Recommended,524640,31157047,Posted: 15 April,all,Lelouch,"I streamed this on Twitch on release day, buying it as soon as I saw it, and it was a blast.  The gameplay feels similar to familiar action rpg's like Diablo or Grim Dawn, but the premise of the game is the rogue-like features.  Maps and rooms are randomly generated, as you play you unlock new passive and active skills for 4 different skill trees, different versions of Asura to play, different bosses to fight, new maps, new enemies, new traps and room buffs.  It's incredibly fast-paced and fun, and the mechanics of the loot and skills intertwining with each other is great.  The variety of said combat skills, as well as gear and weapons is great.  I often found myself thinking ""holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this weapon's gonna be amazing"" and indeed, it was.Running this with a gtx 1070 was smooth and crisp with maxxed out graphics, floating steadily around 120 fps (I wasnt using unlimited fps in the settings, not sure how high it would have been then).  The game recommends you PLAY WITH A CONTROLLER.  People in the comments here seem to complain about the controls, so evidently they didn't read that bit, or they're unable to use a controller properly, as the controls on gamepad are 100% perfect.The UI isnt overly clunky, its fast and quick just like the gameplay.  Be warned, you will die a LOT.  This is a rogue-like, first and foremost, so be prepared to watch all your hard-earned gear vanish on death.I highly recommend this game, especially for only $9.  I got almost 4 hours of playtime into it my first time sitting down, and I'm not even close to unlocking everything or finishing the game.  I love the ancient Indian lore of Asura too, it's certainly a nice twist and it works very well with the enemies and game introduction.Beautiful work devs, I wish more indie game developers had games this polished on release. <310/10(If anyone wants to see the Twitch video I have for this game, or watch me play it in the future, this is my channel:https://www.twitch.tv/weep1ng4ngel)"
76561198032590335,Not Recommended,524640,31226875,Posted: 18 April,all,megaboy13_lucas,"I usually don't do reviews, but for this game I will. I did not like it.1. you can seem to get stuck at times in the corner2. no option to use wasd for movement3. burning effect is too punishing4. no portal to travel around the map faster (as in enter the gungeon)5. In general wish it was better optimized (control wise) for pc with keyboardI think this could be a good game, but it still has some polishing to do. I would wait 1 year before buying it to see how far they will improve it."
,Not Recommended,524640,31317943,Posted: 23 April,all,MrSlayerBBQ,"Pretty okay game, but I have been unable to play it much due to glitch-induced rage-quits.It's so infuriating because Asura has some neat ideas, but they're bogged down in bugs and garbage."
,Recommended,524640,31175525,Posted: 16 April,all,Ned,"If you love hack 'n' slash games, pick it up without reading any other review. Procedurally generated dungeons and loot drops will make you play this for days, if not hours."
76561198068261523,Not Recommended,524640,32420568,Posted: 14 June,all,Max_Feral🐾,"NO ballance what so ever. IF you have the unforunate RNG to run into the ice gun guys, you're just ♥♥♥♥ing dead. Nothing you can do about it. Good luck."
76561197965838905,Not Recommended,524640,31187611,Posted: 16 April,all,Hamsalad,Feels like it has potential. The controls & lack of being able to make it full screen were a deal breaker for me though. Can't play it w/ my taskbar up the entire time.
76561198130973625,Recommended,524640,31132002,Posted: 14 April,all,kushaljn21,"Asura is a hack and slash rougelike with RPG elements. I can see why some people compare it to Diablo but it certainly feels like its own thing. I've played it only for 1.5 hrs which is not enough to judge a game like this but here are few pros and cons right off the bat.PROS: 1) Great gameplay that revolves around picking off enemies using either melee or ranged attacks. Ranged enemies can resist melee attacks and vice versa for melee enemies. This sets up an engaging core gameplay loop. The game design is generally clean and readable except for some shortcomings which I will come to later.2) The visuals are really well done. The enviroment,enemies and bosses are very consistent with the theme of the game. The color choices for the various environments are quite ingenious.3) Ancient Indian mythos and culture is littered throughout. The enemy soldiers for example, all have common Indian names which I found to be a really nice touch. A lot of effort seems to have gone into reinforcing the theme and it sure did pay off.4) The game contributes to the rougelike genre with its generated skill tree concept. This is a fresh idea that adds to the depth of the gameplay in a variety of ways.CONS: 1) Some of the dialogue bits are not well written. It really dosen't affect the gameplay, but it won't do the game any good to have text that does not read well.2) It is sometimes difficult to tell whether an enemy is of the ranged or melee type and this becomes a problem as the game discourages you from using an attack type that is the same as the enemy. You might walk in to a room with different enemies and it takes a few seconds to tell the difference.3) I have fought around 4 bosses which are all very exciting but I can't help but feel that they are a bit too similar.Two of the cons mentioned above can be easily fixed. Other than that, I think this game is worth your time and money. Its Indian mythos and tight gameplay is unlike anything I have ever experienced."
76561198053691407,Not Recommended,524640,31151585,Posted: 15 April,all,Cuddles,Controls and camerea are the worst. This makes the game very hard to play and enjoy
,Not Recommended,524640,31208642,Posted: 17 April,all,cold pressed covfefe,should have just been a flash game
,Recommended,524640,31131033,Posted: 14 April,all,yadude,"Asura is a well balanced hack and slash rogue like with an interesting story based on Indian mythology. I happened to play the game when it was in beta and it has come a long way! It is super polished and well balanced. The procedurally generated levels and the skill tree does not feel random and unfair but well balanced and hand crafted. Of course, being a rouge like, one is sure to have some moments of rage, but hey, that just fits right into the theme of the game and the protagonist state of mind :P"
76561198009025864,Not Recommended,524640,31152433,Posted: 15 April,all,Byppa,refunded in the blink of an eye.♥♥♥♥♥♥is unplayable
,Recommended,524640,31131716,Posted: 14 April,all,logickumar,Fantastic game!Gives intense playfulness. Should not be missed.Aesthetically good game.
76561198044855753,Recommended,524640,31140286,Posted: 14 April,all,machine gun raptor,"Starting a new game gives me a pink screen and thats it. Tried changing a few graphics settings, drivers are up to date. Really wanted to try out a rouguelike arpg too. If i get a chance to actually play the game I'll update this terrible review. UPDATE: Not bad when your short on time but want some arpg action."
76561198056631422,Recommended,524640,31350248,Posted: 24 April,all,Weedmike,Loving this game!
76561198098757087,Recommended,524640,31368880,Posted: 25 April,all,send.missive,"Asura is a good game for those who like the idea of rogue-like games, but aren't fond of turn-based games. It reminded me of a smaller, slightly more sophisticated Gauntlet."
76561198118528198,Recommended,524640,31426869,Posted: 28 April,all,vickytruffle,Tips:1: Collect money ASAP. Cause getting benefit from the shop is much faster than from skills especially in hard mode.2: speed is the key.3: shield is very useful.4: melee attack is important.
,Recommended,524640,31165909,Posted: 15 April,all,™ Æñç,Yes Yes Yes. Way too frustrating.
,Recommended,524640,31912436,Posted: 22 May,all,ÐemøN,Very nice game to pickup once in a while. +rep for being one of the first Indian game developers on steam & greenlight!!!
76561198244016176,Recommended,524640,31929848,Posted: 23 May,all,potato,"*Even though I have only played 2.4 hours at the time of this review, I still recommand it. :DTL;DR: 9/10 Buy it!!Asura is *highly* similar to a Diablo and Isaac title. It might turn away some gamers/players but it is still worth a try to pick up. The UI can be scary at first but stay in the first couple of rooms as you start to get the hang of it. :)Pros:+""Noob"" friendly!+Different skill tree each playthrough+Different layout of the 'dungeons'+Unlockables+Replayability+Great for when you are bored :p*Small edit: Even though you might say ""what the f**k?!!?"" as you die from burning or a ""random"" enemy shot as you accidentally bump into it, it's still fun to come back to. :DNeutral:-/+ Music is okay and good. :)-/+ In my opinion, using the keyboard and mouse is easier than using the controller (faster aiming and running away).Cons:- Could be annoying because of the ""same"" repetitve gameplay over and over.-Little grindy but hey! thats the joy in this game ;) (I mean little grindy as in ""No, I want this magic armor or this spear but I can't find it.)*-I personally saw a little bug/glitch as I had hit an enemy archer and he flew to the top of a pillar and then back down..idk it was weird :xGraphics (Cute and fun to look at; soft for the eyes): 9.5/10Music: 8/10Story: 9/10Gameplay (Smooth and mostly balanced in my opinion): 10/10Overall score for Asura: A good ol' 9/10"
,Recommended,524640,32157103,Posted: 3 June,all,Parzeli,"I highly reccommend this game to anyone that likes rogue like rpgs, this is a really fun game but has a decent amount of rng invlolved with each run. I'll give it a 9/10. Worth the 10$ of your time."
