user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,525040,31247175,Posted: 19 April,all,Seraphna,"So far completed DuckTales, DuckTales 2, and Chip & Dale: Rescue Rangers, the three games I'm most familiar with in the pack.This is a 1:1 re-release of the listed games. It's easy to tell that the game wrapper itself is a glorified emulator with a lot of bonus features, but what's important is that it's done well. The game has no apparent visual bugs and scales properly by resolution, has proper v-sync, etc. The games themselves are presented in a very nice ""arcade"" atmosphere with a game select that lets you instantly go into a Boss Rush or Time Attack mode if you wish, and even allows for a two-player local competitve mode on those challenges. A great setup if you want to challenge a friend.Every game appears to be from the original ROMs for the US releases of each game. I can't tell any differences from previous playthroughs on the actual carts and I was able to complete each game smoothly enough. I'm no speed runner but I know these particular games quite well. One slight issue is what seem to be a very slight delay on control responsiveness which I think might have to do with the emulation, but I tend to feel that happening even on a Retron (which uses emulation software to run properly). You won't get the same exact experience as playing on an original NES cartridge, but you'll be so darn close only a speed runner or someone really sensitive to controllers will notice.I've only tested this with a standard Windows controller (XBox / XBox One), but the controls are smooth besides the delay factor.While the bonus features such as art galleries contain nothing special, it's a nice little bonus since the games themselves are a steal. $3.33 on average per game sure beats the average of $50 I paid between the original carts. (Talespin and DuckTales being around the $15 range while DuckTales 2 and Chip & Dale 2 being hundreds of dollars if you buy them straight up from collectors. I was fortunate to hunt down flea market copies.)Overall, this is definately worth a buy if these games were special to you as a kid, or even if you just want to experience the original games for wha they are."
,Recommended,525040,31893184,Posted: 21 May,all,Gao Li,"The Disney Afternoon Collectionnot only came as a welcome surprise to 90s kids, retro gamers, & speedrunners alike, but arrived just in time for the reboot of the hit seriesDuckTales(2017).(Note: An abbreviated version is posted here, because the full set with dedicated reviews for every game, would go far beyond the constraints of Steam’s character limit. Links to the full reviews with references are therefore included.)Disney, Capcom, & NintendoSince these old licensed games are based on old TV series, here’s a bit of context to understand where they are coming from.The Disney Afternooncartoon block, known asDisney Clubin Latin America & Europe ran from 1990-97 & was a worldwide success. So, naturally video games based on it were developed. However, making games took a lot of planning & so Disney worked with one of the best partners at the time, Capcom.Capcom made games likeGhosts 'n Goblins(1986) orMega Man(1987) & was familiar with the NES hardware. Selling games on the NES was also important as the Japanese giant had an almost 80% market share by 1991. But there was a catch. Companies could only make up to five games for Nintendo per year & games could not be ported to other company’s platforms for about two years, which led to a lot of third party exclusives & creative control by Nintendo. Disney circumvented the constraints by having multiple companies make games for them on different consoles.The Disney Afternoon CollectionFull version:https://gaolioccasionallyreviews.wordpress.com/2017/05/21/the-disney-afternoon-collection-pc-review/The collection doesn’t use an emulator, but the games run on C++ instead. This way, they have new features, like a rewind, a boss rush, & a time attack. Sadly, the rewind changes the gameplay so that players might miss out on some secrets. Further, the collection also comes with a soundtrack, original U.S. American & Japanese NES box art, trivia, & concept art. Lastly, all games run at around 30 fps, as NTSC TV sets used to have around 29.97 fps while PAL & SECAM used 25 fps, while the hub menu uses 60 fps.Co-opLocal co-op only works when both players use a gamepad &, at time of writing, it seems impossible to have them share a keyboard or mix & match a controller/keyboard combo. Some users also noted that their gamepads don’t work with collection at all.DuckTalesFull version:https://gaolioccasionallyreviews.wordpress.com/2017/05/21/ducktales-pc-review/DuckTalesis a sidescrolling platformer & the first licensed game developed by Capcom. It runs on theMega Manengine & shared some of its team members, including producer Tokuro Fujiwara & designer Keiji Inafune.For the most part, the game fits right in with the series, looks cartoony & the soundtrack, composed by Yoshihiro Sakaguchi is magical. The best bit is that all of the five stages can be played in any order & contain hidden areas & shortcuts that let players play it safe or take riskier routes.DuckTalesholds up really well & even rewards daunting adventurers with three different endings.Chip ’n Dale: Rescue RangersFull version:https://gaolioccasionallyreviews.wordpress.com/2017/05/21/chip-n-dale-rescue-rangers-pc-review/The two cipmunks from classical Disney shorts solve crimes that humans often consider too small to care about. For this, they get help from two mice, the engineer Gadget & Monterey Jack, who is friends with the fly Zipper.The design team, that included Masahiko Kurokawa did a great job & sticks close to the source material. Disney game producer Darlene Lacey even recalls that “Rescue Rangerswas one of the easiest Capcom projects that she ever had, with little to no changes being required to meet Disney’s quality assurance.” The game’s a lot of fun & even better with a friend.TaleSpinFull version:https://gaolioccasionallyreviews.wordpress.com/2017/05/21/talespin-pc-review/TaleSpin(1991) is a shoot ‘em up based on the reimagining ofThe Jungle Book(1967). Rebecca Cunningham runs a delivery service for which Baloo is the airplane captain, the bear cub Kit Cloudkicker is the navigator, & the lion Wildcat is the mechanic.OverallTaleSpinfeels rushed & disconnected from the show, especially when Baloo fights a giant baseball or a giant invisible man. The game isn’t bad but suffers from odd design choices. The airplane moves very slowly & can only shoot one bullet at a time. Of course it is possible to buy upgrades, but to get those, players need to find as many of the treasures as possible, which is difficult for new players.Darkwing DuckFull version:https://gaolioccasionallyreviews.wordpress.com/2017/05/21/darkwing-duck-pc-review/Darkwing Duck is a semi-competent caped crusader in the city of St. Canard. Unlike most super heroes, he wants to get rich, famous, & recognized for his actions, which stands in stark contrast to his attempts to be a good role model to his daughter Gosalyn. The series became very popular in Europe & the composer Yasuaki Fujita even recalls that “[Darkwing Duck]was mainly produced for the European market”.Even though it’s fun,Darkwing Duckis not meant for beginners, with its strong enemies, tricky controls, & tough levels. The game is built on theMega Man Vengine, but Darkwing has less health than Mega Man while the enemies are stronger than in that game. The platforming is also tricky as the hanging mechanic isn’t polished. More development time would’ve worked wonders.DuckTales 2Full version:https://gaolioccasionallyreviews.wordpress.com/2017/05/21/ducktales-2-pc-review/Scrooge once again travels the globe in search for treasure & fights his fiercest opponent yet: When the protagonist or his opponents get hit, they don’t blink like they should, but completely disappear for a while (like in a 30fps video of a 60 fps game).Design-wise, Scrooge hasn’t changed, but the enemies & stages are more colorful. Sadly, the developers made some awkward decisions, like Gyro & Launchpad calling him Uncle Scrooge, or Scrooge not caring about money; he’s supposed to be a penny-pincher. Another negative is that the backtracking feels like unnecessary padding & that the RNG against Golem Duck is bad.DuckTales 2has some great ideas, but could have done with more love.Chip ‘n Dale: Rescue Rangers 2Full version:https://gaolioccasionallyreviews.wordpress.com/2017/05/21/chip-n-dale-rescue-rangers-2-pc-review/This game might be the best game here, but was left in relative obscurity for over 20 years since NES support was dropped shortly after release. The adventure starts with a bomb in a nearby restaurant, which turns out to be a distraction so that Fat Cat could get the urn of an ancient pharaoh with lots of evil spirits inside.Design-wise the other titles in this collection pale in comparison toRescue Rangers 2. The haunted mansion stage is especially noteworthy with its incredible color cycling. The mechanics are also upgraded as the chipmunks can now perform charged throws now & hurl crates diagonally. Local co-op also has some unforeseen hurdles like occasional slowdowns."
,Recommended,525040,31224329,Posted: 18 April,all,khades,"Pros:Good emulator configuration.Fine performance.Controller support out of box (though steam big screen doesnt recognise it).Tons of artwork included.Boss rush mode with online record mode.Cons:No local/online multiplayer for Chip'n'Dale.Menu item change sound (really high pitched noise).Overall really good release (cant call it remaster, its the same roms + emulator), but lack of multiplayer for chip'n'dale saddens"
,Recommended,525040,32496954,Posted: 17 June,all,Sally 4th,"This is a pretty straightforward emulator of six NES games, but it's a well made one. I noticed no real imput lag on any of the actions. The jump in every platforming game (5 out of the 6) was highly responsive. I never had a single ""I swear I pressed jump"" moment like I so often have with these retro games. All of the games are also enhanced with a rewind feature. Since early Capcom games relied a lot on trial and error and pattern recognition, it's really nice to have a way to learn what I need to know for a certain section of the game, and not have to deal with limited lives and continues.DuckTales and DuckTales 2 have you selecting stages in a fashion similar to MegaMan. You select a stage, get to the end, and fight the boss. DuckTales 2 complicates things a little in that you need to collect map pieces along the way, but othewise the two games are very similar.Chip and Dale's Rescue Rangers 1 and 2 are the only games on the list that I played when I was a little kid. They're mostly how I remember them. You go through the levels, and your only method of attack is picking up small cubes and tossing them at your enemies. Once you learn certain tricks, it becomes pretty easy. It has co-op, and it's a good game to play with the little kids in your family.Darkwing Duck is a MegaMan game. Seriously, the titular superhero uses a gun that is literally just the Mega Blaster, shooting up to three little dots at a time. It feels like Capcom just told the MegaMan development team ""Hey, make another MegaMan game, but re-skin it with this American cartoon."" This isn't a bad thing, for most people. I'm not very good at MegaMan, but, I could still recognize the quality in this game. It's a well designed game, but considerably more difficult than DuckTales and Chip and Dale's.Tailspin is the hardest game of the bunch. It's a side-scrolling shoot 'em up, which were often some of the toughest games on the NES. You have to think pretty far ahead to keep your plane from ending up in a position where there's no escape. Tailspin certainly isn't the hardest of the genre, but it's definitely the most challenging game in the collection.All of the games come with boss rush and time attack. You can even watch other players play through these modes, if you're the kind of person who enjoys watching speed-runs.These games were already amazing for their time, and this collection has added wonderful enhancements. If you have any interest in a good platformer, I highly recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,525040,31243233,Posted: 19 April,all,Eterno,9 year old me inside is really happy.Thanks devs.
,Recommended,525040,31221499,Posted: 18 April,all,MISTER PIG,"$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$Life is like a hurricaneHere in DuckburgRace cars, lasers, aeroplanesIt's a duck-blur!Might solve a mysteryOr rewrite history!DuckTales! Woo-oo!Every day they're out there makingDuckTales! Woo-oo!Tales of derring-doBad and good luck tales!D-d-d-danger! Lurks behind you!There's a stranger out to find youWhat to do, just grab on to some...DuckTales! Woo-oo!Every day they're out there makingDuckTales! Woo-oo!Tales of derring-doBad and good luck tales! Woo-oo!Not pony tales or captain tales, noDuckTales! Woo-oo!"
,Recommended,525040,34458230,Posted: 24 August,all,Fnord,"The pack contains 6 games, Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers 1 & 2, DuckTales 1 & 2, Darkwing Duck and TaleSpin, and all 6 were originally released on the NES back in the 80's and early 90's. I beat two of these as a kid, Chip 'n Dale 1 and DuckTales 1, and have played TaleSpin in the past, but only briefly. So there might be a bit of nostalgia involved here, clouding my judgement.I'll review these in release order (as that's the order they're listed in-game, and the order I played them):DuckTalesThe first, and probably most well known, of the games included in this collection, DuckTales made quite a splash on the NES. Much like in MegaMan you get to pick the order you want to play the levels in, but apart from two pickups that give a permanent health increase, there's no advantage in playing the levels in any particular order.The levels are very varied, some offering more than one path, some being more maze-like and some having more involved secrets. It's all good, and the secrets are telegraphed enough as to not feel unfair, without being overly easy to find. The level design is mostly strong, and it's fun to explore the levels to see if there are any alternative paths. And for a game released in 1989, it looks and sounds surprisingly good.Your main attack is to jump on enemies, but with a slight twist. You can use your cane as a pogo-stick, and landing on enemies with the cane out will usually kill, or at least harm them. The pogo controls can be a bit finicky though, and this is my only real gripe with this game. Sometimes it feels like the game ignores input when trying to pogo, but this is more down to wonky controls than the game actually doing that. This was an issue with the NES original as well.Overall, this is a very nice game, although someone with a bit of platforming experience under their belt is likely to be able to beat it in under 1h from the first time they start it. It's easy.Chip 'n Dale: Rescue RangersThis game was a graphical powerhouse when it was first released, and it's the earliest game I remember people buying because of its amazing graphics. The actual game though, it's not bad. Although why does Gadget look like a zombie? As Chip or Dale you need to stop the dastardly Fatcat, who's (as always) up to no good.You've got an overworld map in this game, and you've got some say over which levels you'll play. The layout of this map is strange though, with one level being entirely optional, and one path being longer than the other. It would have made more sense if they had just made it a traditional linear game. It's good that the level design is overall very good, and the enemies fun and varied.You can't attack enemies directly, instead you need to pick up crates, apples and other small objects to throw at enemies. It's a nice twist on the traditional formula, and combined with how agile the characters are, Chip 'n dale is a joy to play!Out of the 6 games in the set, this is the easiest, and it was a game I remember blasting through in an evening as a kid. It's incredibly easy, so it would probably suit a newcommer to the genre quite well.TaleSpinI've heard a lot of bad said about this game over the years... and having played through it properly, I don't get it. It's a pretty good entry-level shmup, with an interesting twist.As Baloo, who for some reason flies in the world's smallest airplane, you need to navigate a bunch of different, and very varied levels. Actually, Baloo himself seem to be hit by a shrink ray, because he's tiny compared to most of the things in the environment. While the scale makes sense for some levels, the haunted house level is just odd.The gimmick in this game is that you can turn around. On any horizontal scrolling sections (but not vertical scrolling ones)  also reverses the scrolling, which is important for getting through a lot of tight passages. You can't flip when moving up or down, which takes a bit of getting used to, but once you're familiar with it, it does work well.This is a very easy game (are we seeing a trend yet?), and someone who's a bit familiar with the SHMUP genre, who can get used to flipping back & forth, should be able to get through this game without seeing the game over screen even once. Easy, but still fun.DarkWing DuckBased on Disney's counterpart to Batman, Darkwing Duck is another platformer. This time you've got a weapon, and a cape that deflects bullets. Like with DuckTales you get to chose what order you want to play the levels, though this time you get them in sets of 3. Beat the first three, and you get 3 more, and once you beat them, it's time for the final boss.The level design is once again strong, but a bit less varied than in previous games. All the levels play roughly the same, but the game is short enough that this does not become an issue. And much like in DuckTales, the order you play them in does not really matter, apart from the fact that you get to pick up sub-weapons, like in Castlevania (you can only hold one at a time), and having the right sub-weapon can make certain sections easier (hint: stick with the Arrow one, it allows you to reach some secrets).This game is a mild step up in difficulty, and one of the bosses was actually not easy. It's still not a hard game though, and someone who's good at the genre can still probably beat this one without ever seeing a game over screen. It's still a good game though, even if it's not one of Capcom's best.DuckTales 2The often overlooked sequel of DuckTales, DuckTales 2 gives us more of the same... but slightly worse. You've got a few abilities that you unlock through the levels, so the order you play them in matters a bit more here, but you can still beat any level without the right powerup.The main letdown here is the level design. It's a bit bland. The game never becomes bad, but there's not much energy to it, if that makes any sense. They're also structured more similarly to each other than they were in the first game, giving you less variety, and they're on top of that a bit less visually distinct, even if they do still have their own personalities.This is the first disappointment out of the set. No, it's not a bad game, but having played it, I get why it's so often overlooked. It's just not a good as the first game. Still a very easy game though.Chip 'n Dale 2And finally, we have Chip 'n Dale 2. Much like DuckTales 2, this is basically more of the same, but worse. At least Gadget does not look like a zombie anymore.Gone is the overworld map, instead you need to play the games in order. And that's not a bad thing. The main issue I have with Chip 'n Dale 2 is the level design, which much like in DuckTales 2 feels bland. At no point does it become terrible, but there's not a whole lot of imagination put into the way you navigate the levels. But at least they play with the idea that you're actually a very small creature in some levels (which makes a lot more sense than when Baloo was very small). The game does improve in one area though, and that's the bosses, which are more challenging and more fun than they were in the first game.This game is a little bit harder than the first, but still a very easy game. But it's simply not all that good. If you've got the collection, then sure, do give it a try, but it's not worth buying for this game alone.Final thoughtsDespite finding two of the games to not be anything special, I do think that the Disney afternoon collection is quite a nice set of games. It's a great start for people who are new to platformers, or who are just a bit rusty, but for experienced platform players, you'll probably be able to beat this in about 5h. And the price point of 20€ might be a bit too high for that.So unless you feel like you have to play these games now, wait for a sale. It's well worth 10€, but not 20€."
76561198025101631,Recommended,525040,31221485,Posted: 18 April,all,Benjamillion,11/10 revisited my childhood in HD.
,Recommended,525040,31269374,Posted: 20 April,all,kimimi,"+Expensive games made available for a fair price+No awful 'smoothing' options+Emulation's of a perfectly reasonable quality+Can ＧＥＴ　ＤＡＮＧＥＲＯＵＳ+Remapping keys/controller and changing other settings is easy to do and menus are clear+Boss rush/time attack modes are a lot of fun+Soundtracks~♥-Gallery's a bit sparse, and you can't organise content by game-TaleSpin-No manual scans, just a basic guide for each game"
76561198095929936,Recommended,525040,31242809,Posted: 19 April,all,☭ Soviet Mario ☭,"It does what you'd expect, it lets you play 6 classic Capcom Disney games on Steam. The presentation is good, the games run well, and there are bonus modes to try and Steam achievements to collect. There's also a gallery of artwork and all of the soundtracks from each game.Whether or not it's worth $19.99 that's up to you. My personal reason for buying the collection is that I loved DuckTales 2 back in the day and wanted to play it again with the modes/achievements. I'd recommend waiting for a sale if you don't have any nostalgia for the games, but it is a well packaged collection.PROS:- Classic Capcom gameplay with new modes- Well designed presentation- Steam achievements and online  leaderboards- Will scratch the nostalgia itchCONS:- Objectively high price point- Doesn't contain some other Capcom favorites such as Goof Troop for SNES- The ""retro"" filters don't add much to the experience"
76561198171146322,Recommended,525040,34355456,Posted: 19 August,all,Steve_Taro,"This classic games are seriously fun and damn hard! On the other hand, they have rewind button for you who hate dying too much~"
,Recommended,525040,33319881,Posted: 6 July,all,KingJ511,"I loved this package of games and was excited about it when it was first announced. So far I've only played through enough to check out how each game handles, as I bought it during the summer sale, and only had enough time to look through the artwork and get a feel for how my controller felt while playing each game for a shory period.1. The controller was very responsive, and I use a cheap Logitech F310. It fely way better and more responsive than when I used to play these games via emulators like Jnes.2. I loved the artwork and drawings, get quality images. This was big for me because I love to draw and I love good quality reference materials for inspiration.3. Obviously these are all old Nintendo games, so the graphic quality is only so good, but having all full screen and still looking great was impressive.4. I loved the ability to backup a few seconds of gameplay quickly, and not just for one moment, but for basically the whole board. Really helps when relearning the gameplay of these games - for me it was TaleSpin and forgetting howto take advantage of flying backwards and/or upside down.Overall, if you grew up watching the actual Disney Afternoon, or just these cartoons in general, you'll love this. If you played these games and enjoyed them previously, it's worth buying this and playing it on here rather than just on an emulator."
76561198062828543,Recommended,525040,31262635,Posted: 20 April,all,Chivelfeyr,"Great collection of classics. This, along with the Mega Man Legacy Collection are seomthing I will not be without. I almost wish I could hook up a NES MAX controller like I used to have when I was growing up to play these games with.This package is really well put together. Like MM Legacy Collection, you can Save and Load from a Save State. But, this also comes with a rewind button that allows you to rewind the game (like a VHS or DVD) which is interesting. I, myself, don't use that for my playthrough. But, the option is there nonetheless.Great job on this. :) I hope to see more os these type of collections come out."
76561198060748335,Recommended,525040,31251691,Posted: 20 April,all,captainregenold,"A Pretty Solid Collection overall with little to no technical hiccups to speak of. The Bonus Stuff like Concept Art, Time Attack Mode and Boss Rush are neat bonuses to boot ~I know this is asking for a bit much but, any chance we could see a follow-up Collection with all the SNES Disney Games that Capcom made like Goof Troop, Aladdin and the Magical Quest games? Wishful thinking. xD"
,Recommended,525040,31242818,Posted: 19 April,all,FreezingInferno,"It's six Capcom NES games based on licensed Disney properties from the 90's, and most of them are really quite amazing. You have one or two that aren't all time classics or anything, but overall the price of admission is well worth it. None of these games has been released outside of their original carts before, and you'd be hard-pressed to find one of them for $20 USD these days, let alone all six in one bundle. You have extra bonus stuff like a rewind feature to undo mistakes and whatnot, Time Attack and Boss Rush for those with a competitive side, and a bunch of neat art and music assets to take it. This is well worth the price for the quality and quantity of games you're getting and if you're at all nostalgic for these or generally down with 25 year-old video games then it's a must-get."
,Recommended,525040,33166847,Posted: 2 July,all,Croy,"Games come as advertised, CRT scanlines and all.  You won't get all 6 NES carts for this price."
76561198046204100,Recommended,525040,33013373,Posted: 29 June,all,Hunter,Good old memories....
,Recommended,525040,33209378,Posted: 3 July,all,The™ Baron,"The Disney Afternoon Collection is a rare treat for gamers, a compilation of licensed NES games released on modern platforms. It's a well-put together compilation, with the games running well and with a rewind feature.DuckTales is a classic NES platformer with an emphasis on exploration and it holds up rather well, especially its music. Its sequel, DuckTales 2, is of similar quality, though it seems to place a larger emphasis on exploration than its predecessor.Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers and Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers 2 are also classic platformers, but are also the only games in this compilation with co-op. Perhaps they would be more fun in co-op, but they are fun in single-player, if very easy. I liked the second one a little more, because of its more interesting boss fights and a more serious attempt at a plot.Darkwing Duck is a Mega Man-style run-and-gun platformer with a ledge-hanging mechanic. However, this mechanic is more trouble than it's worth, and enemy fire is hard to avoid. People seem to like this game, but I loathed it.TaleSpin, a scrolling sh'mup, is widely regarded as the weak link of this collection, and yeah, it's not very good. Awkward controls, slow movement, fast enemies, lots of projectiles, ugh."
76561198389162294,Recommended,525040,34812301,Posted: 8 September,all,Maakumaa,"For me, especially Chip and Dale was so nostalgic. After all these years it's still awesome, hard and music is incredible. I  died over and over again at the last level but after all somehow managed to reach last bossfight. Well it didn't ended well and the game still waits to be played completly."
76561198040899012,Recommended,525040,32308657,Posted: 9 June,all,bchaston,"If you grew up in the late 80's, early 90's, then you might remember Disney's afternoon lineup which came on after school. Disney was the king of animated TV shows at the time, and not only were the shows great, but the video games based on them were even better. Thanks to Capcom and their outstanding effort to make licenced games actually great. This collection brings back memories. Games play like they did back in the day, and you even get background graphics and a concept art gallery. They did a good job packaging this and menus are colorful. Now if only they'd release the other Capcom released Disney games..."
,Recommended,525040,34388607,Posted: 20 August,all,TStodden,"Blast from Your Childhood Past!If you grew up in the late 80's / early 90's, you likely rushed home from school to catch the Disney cartoons.  You likely knew about the games as well if you had the NES.  With Disney rebooting such classics (like DuckTales), it's fitting that they're paying a bit of tribute with the games that were made from them.  The Disney Afternoon Collection is a series of 6 Disney games made by Capcom that were smash hits back then that still hold up today.All the games are in their original NES format (warts & all) that have been adapted to work with modern systems & controllers with a few extras thrown in.  There's a couple of visual options to fit your screen & desired look (I went with Full screen w/ border & monitor scanlines).  One nice feature that was added was the rewind button which does allow you to practically undo your mistakes & has avery generoustime window (of about 60-90 seconds...  and yes, I actually pushed it to the limit).  This is helpful as the XBox 360 controller (which is fully supported natively) control pad isn't a perfect analog to the old NES controller & some desired inputs may get eaten.  This is more of a hardware deal & not software, so a NES or SNES style controller might eliminate this issue.  However results may vary based on the controller(s) you choose to play with.  For those who doesn't have a couple of hours, there is a save feature available so you can play for like 5-10 minutes (or go through a stage) & still make some progress.For the more hardcore player, there's added Time Attack & Boss Attack mode, which is stylized similar to many speed runners on Twitch so you can show off your skills in a standardized race format.  For the collectors, you get access to the original soundtracks for all the games & some behind-the-scene as well as some previous unpublished artwork for the games from Capcom & Disney.Without resorting to emulation (which has potential legal issues), you would have to spend aroundOVER $500(based on fair-market values noted byVGPC.com)to purchase every game in this collection & a NES to play it on (Chip 'n Dale 2 & DuckTales 2 are rare collectables).  This makes the collection a very affordable way to kill a couple of afternoons (or weekends, whatever your prefer) reliving your childhood... or introducing your own kids to these gems.FINAL RATING: HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! (5/5)"
,Recommended,525040,32879121,Posted: 27 June,all,GiggityMan,"A collection of Mega Man style games Capcom was famous for from the 90s. A solid bundle, but not worth the full price. Get it during a Steam sale. 8/10"
,Recommended,525040,32947035,Posted: 28 June,all,tearfromthered,"A great emulator pack: nice customization, optimization and new features of some great NES games less famous than offer title, worth a try for history sack at least."
76561198027667796,Recommended,525040,31245057,Posted: 19 April,all,Rushifell,"Runs great, classic versions (NOT remake of Ducktales). Exactly what id wanted out of it. I got it for Ducktales and Darkwing myself (even though I have the NES cartridge and the remake of Ducktales, I had no problem buying it again in this collection.) If you like old school platformers, grab it."
,Recommended,525040,31248999,Posted: 19 April,all,Emmeth,"This game includes 6 classic Disney NES games; Ducktales 1 & 2, Chip and Dale Rescue Rangers 1 & 2, Darkwing Duck and Talespin.It's a very nice nostalgia trip with new features. The new features include Time Attack and Boss Rush, you can also rewind in the game which I can only assume is for speedrun practice purposes.However, there's a few negatives which really has nothing to do with the games themselves. I feel like there's way too few options in this game, where a lack of audio options is a very obvious fault. I don't know what it is with Capcom and not having sound options in their collection games (Mega Man Legacy Collection didn't have sound options either), but they need to step that up. It's tiresome to go into volume mixer to turn down the volume of the game.Other than that, it runs nicely and the games are solid."
,Recommended,525040,31235505,Posted: 19 April,all,MooX,"Awesome compilation for those who enjoyed these games back in a days, the speedrun features are greatly implemented, the price may be a bit too high for what it is, but so far I'm enjoying it a lot."
,Recommended,525040,31326892,Posted: 23 April,all,subsane,"A well-executed release of six classic games.  The image galleries provide a nice view of the marketing and concept work that went into releasing these games in the late 80s and early 90s. I am especially grateful for the rewind feature, which means I can complete the games without wasting time dying over and over again. It may not be how the original developers intended them to be played, but it doesn't bother me as an entirely optional feature. It's clear the development team understood how to make these games relevant on modern systems. Great work!"
,Recommended,525040,34706886,Posted: 3 September,all,Arashenstein,GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDD another miracle..... Can't believe after 16 years I am touching this game again on PC :D Full of memories and I just wish the chip and dale titles could feature and online coop!
,Recommended,525040,33020777,Posted: 29 June,all,sonicdv,Amazing games.That is all.
76561198258334101,Recommended,525040,31481327,Posted: 1 May,all,maafricky,Amazing games good old school remasterd games
76561198025162460,Recommended,525040,31514940,Posted: 2 May,all,themisfit138,"If you like old Capcom games these are good examples of them. Ducktales is by far the best of the collection with Darkwing Duck being a pretty close second. Chip and Dale are also good games. The only stinker of the bunch is Talespin, but after the first few levels and a few upgrades it gets a lot more playable. I enjoyed the games as a kid and Still enjoy them today."
,Recommended,525040,31425968,Posted: 28 April,all,AvianLoverGlyde85,"Okay...Pretty Much a Game of 6 very old games. and then i say around 1980-Early 90`s.... NES classics based on popular disney TV shows by other words... im pleased so far.... the function to watch other people (that mostly are better than you, thats why you wach them to learn from them) play the boss rush is a pretty nice function... but.... for those who rage easily of hard tactical and timing  games... this is not for you guys... but retro game lovers as myself... this is a nice collection too grab... the price is a questionable thing tough... i can say this collection is cheaper over at microsoft store fore some reason.... but after all its a pretty collection...."
76561198112704936,Recommended,525040,31333069,Posted: 23 April,all,ds_lightning21,"6 games in included!  Go get it, and revisit that awesome Disney NES childhood!  :)"
76561198078949786,Recommended,525040,34326988,Posted: 18 August,all,Accordinance,Hope there will be more glorious remasters like Ducktales Remastered in future.Also hope to see YoNoid!
76561198082438220,Recommended,525040,31260592,Posted: 20 April,all,ZiTo_HiMSeLF,"Just like when you were a kid and you would watch The Disney Adventure Afternoon, and you'd change the channel to watch the Beetlejuice cartoon when TaleSpin came on.All of these games are classics....except Tale Spin.  Don't waste time with that."
,Recommended,525040,31243207,Posted: 19 April,all,[STaB]@BLeeP,It's the six games listed in a slick collection. The majority of these are classics that still hold up extremely well today and are worth the asking price for the convenience.
76561198129078804,Recommended,525040,34329437,Posted: 18 August,all,Dracula 2600,"A Brutal, Faithful ReMaster of 6 Classic NEs/GB games from the land of Nostalgia that will have you swearing withing 2 pages of 8-bit masochism and wonder how you managed to endure these games w/o the rewind (filthy-casual) button in your formatiVE yeaRs of life.You'll then call everyone you've ever heard a fkn noob and have the feeling of beinG superiOr to all others. Despite Never haviNg Achieved even a quarter of the proGress you made now, back In the day.You'll smugly stare at yourself in the mirror. This reViEw will haunt YOU as yoU realize; that the rewind and do-over button is Parallel in similarity to your station in life.You're a filthy casual, You've always BEEN, a filthy, FILTHY casual. You didn't beat the game then< you won't now.You'll likely always this garbage at these games, and it's not going to change. In these Hell-forged games; this is where the true master-race resides.You'll then seek out other whhining snowflakes to rant at oneanother about how♥♥♥♥♥♥life is and that the dev's made this game for you but somehow along the way, those impure Remaster-ers ♥♥♥♥ed it up for you and your superior kind.You hold discord meet-up's' reinforcing you're belief in your own self-proclaimed superiority.Life begin's to get good. People start to wonder just how good you are.You brag.And then, then It happens.One of your own, suggests you show how masterful, you truly are.""Stream or it didn't happen"" someone exclaims... Now you're fukd.But you can't back down and reveal you're just a filthy casual.So you do what anyone in your position does; You go to home depot after calling a bunch of relatives, buy Tiki-torches, and meet up at a family get-together and yelled by the filthy casual's IRL because those impure, garbage kid's are just everywhere.You go home after somebody rage-quit the get-together with a dodge challenger.People hate you for being complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ you look in the mirror, and realize you've just had a taste of reality.The reality you've been espousing for years, poisoning the nerd-culture you thought you were helping to build. But you weren't. You made your own culture closed-off, weak and a♥♥♥♥♥♥place to be.You dig out your old nes, find a controller, tie one end to a chain-link fence, wrap the other end around your XXXX, climb over the top just barely, and as things go dim you hear a familliar voice:""Jeez Morty, you were a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ white guy that had it all but you went back to the nostalgia-era games and then got suckered into being a white-supremacist? What filthy casual. My turn, let Grandpa Rick show you how to Rick-roll a review in 2017"".10/10 Recommended; Would play NES games & cry at the difficulty numerous times until I got good and not become a seething pile of Nazi trash...and maybe beat Rick's score."
,Recommended,525040,34331423,Posted: 18 August,all,stel,GG
,Recommended,525040,31358664,Posted: 25 April,all,MasterQueeferino,Yep!
76561198085206656,Recommended,525040,31242124,Posted: 19 April,all,ArmA***ARM,Nostalgic ))
76561198311965506,Recommended,525040,31562689,Posted: 5 May,all,clirNip,"this game is very good but... why doesnt it has a controller support? I cant play ducktales, one of my favorite game of all time because the game doesnt has a controller support. can anyone tell if there is a way to play with controller?"
76561198017057605,Recommended,525040,31228763,Posted: 18 April,all,Lokander,Best thing on steam since 1989.
,Not Recommended,525040,34422439,Posted: 22 August,all,McRiot,"Seriously how is their no native controller support!? Yes, I could use a 3rd party application to map my controller but why should I? Catch up to this century please! No excuse for such bad interface design. Don't buy this garbage. #refunded #buysonicmaniaIt's possible steam controller or xbox controller might work but logitech controllers are not compaitable without a 3rd party application.* and the interface to detect controllers simply doesn't exist in the game."
,Not Recommended,525040,31349830,Posted: 24 April,all,KingBroly,"As much as I'd like to give this game a reconmmendation, I can't.  It still has the same problems as the Mega Man Legacy Collection (sound issues, input lag, crash issues) that were never addressed.  While a few of the games are good, Talespin is by far the weakest of the bunch.  While Rescue Rangers 2 and Duck Tales 2 are nice to play since they're very rare, they don't jump out as nostalgia buys like the originals were.  So at that point, the value is worse.  The game also has a lot less content than MMLC for the same price, likely due to licensing issues.  It's simply not worth $20, and may not be worth $15"
76561198411589701,Recommended,525040,34445716,Posted: 23 August,all,Pope Maddogg,"Cool!  These games, based on Disney's syndicated afternoon cartoons (hence the name) were super fun on the NES back in the 80s and 90s and it's awesome of Capcom to re-release them in this collection.  Fantastic 8-bit action and, no, you don't have to be a fan of the cartoons to enjoy the games.  One feature of the collection I really like is the TV filter, giving the authenticity of how the games looked on a NES hooked to the TV through a RF cable."
76561198144761242,Recommended,525040,34378788,Posted: 20 August,all,kcgranola,Great Games all in one nice collection with great extra's
,Recommended,525040,34366737,Posted: 19 August,all,JordanJS,"If you have any fond memories of these games as a kid, you owe it to yourself to get this collection. The ""Rewind"" feature is similar to what you'd find in most emulators. Thanks Capcom, you done did right this time. :)"
,Recommended,525040,34363534,Posted: 19 August,all,iceveiled,"A collection of several great Capcom NES games to relive your childhood with! A couple of the games in this collection I never got the privilege of playing back in the day, so it's great to be able to experience them without having to dust off my old NES console (which I still have) and track down the individual cartridges (which I don't have). Some sequences can be pretty challenging but thankfully there's a very slick rewind feature which lets you rewind the action as far back as you want, in real time. Plus there's a save game feature, so you get to experience retro game play with modern conveniences to save you from all of the frustration, repetition and trial and error that alot of retro gameplay subjected players to.If you grew up playing NES, you'll find quite a few hours of enjoyment here, if you complete all the games and explore some of the extras.  If you're a little bit younger and never got to experience the NES, this is a good opportunity to see what quality games of that era were like. However, without the nostalgia factor, your enjoyment mileage will vary.All the quirks and limitations of the NES console are present in these emulations, including graphical flickering when there's too many sprites on the screen, sound effects cutting out due to limited sound channels, slowdown etc. A very authentic experience.I did experience a frustrating crash towards the very end of Rescue Rangers 2, which I had never played before, so I had to start all the way over again from the beginning. Be sure to use that save game feature."
76561198048385355,Recommended,525040,34698403,Posted: 2 September,all,TerezarOmega,"A bundle of NES classics that will get you right in the nostalgia. Felt like a kid again playing the carts on my old system, and that was exactly the feeling I was hoping for.The games are just as tough as I remember, Chip n Dale especially. That's old school Nintendo difficulty for you, though the addition of the rewind feature helps tone that down by essentially granting you do overs everytime you screw up, so it is now possible to play these classics in a more casual light, which is awesome.If you want the hardcore experience, just don't use the reqind feature."
,Recommended,525040,34946864,Posted: 14 September,all,TheMinister,"I owned a lot of these for NES when I was younger, so seeing this re-released as a collection was a must have, if purely for nostalgia reasons.Me and my friend Alan played a few of them just as a fun reminded of the things we grew up on.https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6YFuXLwvxnhgxnhyVPJXJSoykHU-jO-l"
76561198396299346,Recommended,525040,35049790,Posted: 18 September,all,LimuraySan,When I saw this I felt so happy - my childhood right there. I thought I will never have the opportunity to play Chip 'n Dale 2 again. But here it is - my precious game that takes me away.
76561198164239326,Recommended,525040,35114998,Posted: 21 September,all,The Nonexistent Comedy,"May you please add a feature where you can turn down the music volume? Also a controller option would be nice but im more concerned about the music volume, Thank you if you can! Much love!"
