user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,525640,28213211,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Rainman,"**EDITED: They fixed the trailer, much better guys! Game is amazing!**This game has developed into the best 5v5 VR shooter on steam. It might not hold that place for long as dozens of indie developers strive to become the ""goto VR shooter"", but right now its ahead of everyone else. Here's why I think so:1) Graphics, Models, physics, and Animation. Lets get this out of the way, this game has the same crappy graphics that every other indie VR title has. I don't consider any of this a part of the rating, because as most VR owners know, the VR experience outweights graphics by a factor of three. None of the best VR shooters have good graphics, and you can't expect them to.2) Better than Onward! The devs for this title understand you don't want down-time when you have a 10 pound face mask on. Onward is a fantastic game, and easily the #1 VR shooter title holder. However, if you die 10 seconds into the match you have to potentially stand there for 5 minutes while the rest of your team fights. Bam VR takes you right back to ""The Construct"" where you can change class, mod weapons, and then spawn right back into the game. This method of FPS spawning is probably my least favorite when it comes to PC based FPS's, but I believe this is absolutely neccessary for any VR FPS. Either that or other VR shooters needs to add mini-games inbetween deaths.3) Better than Art of Fight! The devs for this title also understand how important movement options are for players! They  did a great job of balancing the game so a person using teleport movement doesn't have an advantage over people with free movement. They have paintball style moving, they have onward style moving, and they also have their own unique style. You click a location far awar, and then it auto-walks you there.4) Better than Paintball! Paintball is probably one of the best VR shooters. However, this game scratches the itch you can only get from panic reloading a machine gun while trapped in a house or getting the flank on 3 guys and watching the blood spray as you empty your clips into them. Paintballs biggest draw back is the teleport movement allows you to flank enemies easily. You are constantly turning around and watching your back. You can't suddenly teleport behind somebody in Bam VR. Flanking requires more strategy.5) Map builder? I can't really comment on this, because I haven't played around with it. However, you can currently build your own maps from with-in the game. I don't think these maps can be played online yet, but future workshop support may allow it."
76561197965811997,Recommended,525640,32667424,Posted: 22 June,all,Plague Doctor,"The game is fun, and it is not dead. It's all about the times your playing. community is mostly chill, cept me... & there is a damn good bit of content, and more to come due to an active developer; As well as some dedicated players making maps. Try the demo if your skeptical, but get the game on this sale. It's worth full price, so no sense in missing the opportunity."
,Recommended,525640,28105830,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Gunslinger_Flash,"Highly recommend this game. One of best multiplayer experiences I've had on the vive (you have to opt into the beta for now to access the multiplayer). The mechanics feel great, there are many locomotion options, and the dev seems to be very active and open to suggestions.Much more fun and polished than the videos, logo and screenshots would lead you to believe. Also, the community is actively setting up events to get players involved and the dev has created a web page so you can see if there are any multiplayer servers running and how many ppl in each.Once the player base picks up, this has the potential to be the go to game for multiplayer action. You won't be disappointed."
76561198085581943,Recommended,525640,25430339,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,pancakerodeo,"I'm a big fan of gunplay oriented games on the Vive, particularly ""Hotdogs Horseshoes & Hand Grenades"" and ""Onward"". That being said, I picked up this game on a whim because it looked like it fit nicely into the same genre. I didn't expect much, however, as the screenshots and videos seemed to show that the game is not nearly as polished as either of the two games I mentioned earlier. However, after playing around with this game for a while I've noticed that I honestly enjoy it more than those other two. It has a natural playability that the others lack. It has fun gameplay modes, full scene creation, and the weapons have just the right level of realism. Not too arcade-ish, and not too realistic to where it becomes a struggle given the limitations of the controllers (*cough* H3VR). The only real shortcoming is in the sound design, but even then it doesn't bother me that much. In fact some of the sounds are quite good. It just needs to be polished up in some places. In any case, I REALLY hope the creator of this game stays on top of it and continues to build it because it could certainly end up being a huge success with this type of foundation."
,Recommended,525640,30598322,Posted: 18 March,all,FiZi,"Fantastic VR shooter. Has a Counter Strike feel with the added realism of actually reloading and clearing jams in the heat of combat. This isn't as realistic as Onward/Arma but that isn't a bad thing if you're not looking for a shooting sim.I've had the game for a few months now and the dev has been constantly updating the game and listening to community feedback.The only downside at the moment, which is true of most VR games, is finding online games can be tough at certain times of the day due the small player base.That said. When you get a game, you'll have a blast.I play on a Oculus Rift with Touch and haven't had any issues playing the game."
,Recommended,525640,28518843,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Red Dirt Nurse,"Okay .... I've been playing the game and using the editor for a little while now, so it's time for a quick review.At this stage, the game is still in Early Access.  I played the demo for a few hours, and then moved on to purchase the game because it was so much fun.  As of this review I have >60 hours in game/editor.I've never played Onward, but I frequently hear references to Onward from other players in-game.  While parallels are drawn between the two, the general consensus is that, while Onward has good graphics, BAM VR is more fun to play.  Re-spawn times are instantaneous (with time to re-spec, loadout, etc).For reference, I'm running with:Windows 8.1i7 4790k (overclocked)8 GB RAMGTX 1080HTC ViveNow on to a brief look at the pros and cons of BAM VR.  Please note that, bearing in mind that the game is still in Early Access, many of the cons are probably attributable to this.The Pros:Game runs silky smooth;Re-spawn time is next to nothing - jump right back in, or change class/loadout;Gameplay moves at a good pace; it can be fast and furious at times.  Likewise, if you have a proclivity to camping - you'll get your chance, but be prepared to keep changing positions;Editor allows players to create their own levels (in VR);Matches (TDM) usually last around 10 - 15 minutes (in my estimation).  At this stage, the game ends when one team reaches 40 kills - so, if there are less players in the match, it will take a little longer;Single player/mini-games are included;Weapons are super-easy to use.  While I enjoy the complexity ofHotdogs, Horseshoes and Handgrenades, it's nice to be able to re-load a weapon simply, while on the run;For those prone to VR/motion sickness, there are several locomotion options available to choose from;The game developer is very active in the community, willing to make changes based upon player experiences;Game updates are very frequent;At the current price of USD$15, this is a bargain;The free demo isalmostcomparable to the full game.The Cons:Limited number of maps at this time;The editor can be a challenge to get used to;Not enough choice of assets in the editor;Some of the assets are a bit higgeldy-piggeldy - sometimes, things don't look like they fit properly;The editor is a VR only application - it would be nice to have a non-VR option;Currently there is only one server, based in the United States - I'm in Western Australia - my latency is >300ms most times;Gamer population is low at this time.In summary:This is one of the best VR games I have in my collection - and I have a few;The demo is free.  Download it today;The full game is very economical and hours of enjoyment;In Early Access, this game has a lot of promise.  If the dev keeps up the pace, this can only get better and better.  I'm looking forward to seeing where this goes.If you want so see some gameplay, there's a little bit on YouTube.  I've got a few videos that showcase some of the action - check outThe Corndog Tapes(link to playlist)"
,Recommended,525640,31364910,Posted: 25 April,all,KickAxe,"Statement:This game is great.Evidence:Played the infinite breaching gamemode, ran out of ammo on my rifle so naturally I went for my pistol, I instead accidently grabbed a magazine and in frustration, hurled it at the enemy. The enemy was smashed to pieces. (They're made of pottery stuff in the breaching game.)I killed a clay man with my weapon's magazine.As it turns out, you can also cause doors and crates to explode too if thrown with enough force.Never have I felt as powerful as I did in that moment.The game also has a metric s*** tonne of other great and interesting features but they pale in comparison to using magazines as deadly projectiles."
76561198345107943,Recommended,525640,34160280,Posted: 10 August,all,Hax_n_Modz,"This is by far the best VR FPS out, I CANNOT comprehend how this doesn't have more active players. Its inexpensive (Cheaper than Onward), well made (with constant updates), and has FRIKIN HELICOPTERS!!  Seriously people, get on this ASAP. You will not regret it."
76561198041010381,Recommended,525640,28196950,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Whisper Kicker,"There seems to be a lot of core functionality here for EA.  Multiple locomotion options, lots of item interactions, some greate singleplayer and multiplayer modes All make this a great experince.  As long as the devs keep up effort this will someday rival similar games.  For now it's a very early, Early Access game.Currently, I recommend keeping this in your wishlist for a while and/or following it and seeing how development progresses."
76561198013020097,Recommended,525640,25429870,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,The Orange Rams,"This game is a set of four games:1) ""Holo Gun"" is like ""Holopoint"", just with guns and pulling new magazines from behind your back instead of arrows (and without Samurai+Ninjas). It plays much slower than its brother and all in all it is a bit rough (it feels like the hitbox expands behind me). But it already makes fun!2) The Shooting Range is similar to the Warehouse-Level of ""Hot Dogs, Horseshoes and Handgranades"" (from that game they also borrowed the bubbles where you put magazines and guns into). There are several dynamically appearing targets, most of them are moving. Shooting and reloading while new targets appear all over the place feels good and provides a lot of fun!3) The Forest Level is a fresh take on the Brookhaven idea. It does not feel that scary (which is good for me), it is a bit brighter and there are innocent animals (with glowing eyes!) which don't bother you. It makes fun, if you like scary wave-shooters. This game feels already rather finished.4) The Level Editor is what might become (depending on the community) the best part of this game. It is a sandbox where you can put different assets like enemies, animals, walls, trees and buildings and build your own level. While it is rather easy to build something (there is a tutorial), you need a good idea what to build and some time. Currently the number of different assets is limited but I expect that the developers to add more.The game is obviously in early access and needs a lot of work (e.g. the sound of the guns), but it is the little things that show that the developers are dedicated and want to deliver a good product.**Update of review after release of 1. update (14.Sept.2016)**The developers are great! With this first update they fixed all my ""cons"" and added some nice features. The ""holo gun"" game is now really brilliant! They added the option to disable the bullet slow down effect and thus changed the feel of the game to great extend. Now this game is a very good workout (in higher levels) and the updated hit box made the gameplay flawless."
,Recommended,525640,26606286,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,HTdavid,"after playing this game and the fact that I can build my own game, I don't see any reason for me to ever play H3VR again as there is only so much target practice before the game gets boring."
,Recommended,525640,28092469,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Elderr ㅡ addicted to m&b,"Couldn't recommend this game more, even in it's current early access state. It's fully functional, just graphically unpolished. The multiplayer (in the public beta, opt into it in the game properties) and included single player missions are already worth the price alone, but then you get into the level editor and it's a whole seperate game. You can make actual games within this game. I'm currently working on a multi-level escape the prison campaign with a story, hidden secrets, and puzzles. And semi-realistic gun handling. You grab the mag and put it in and pull the charging handle and stuff, but it's very forgiving.Overall I give this game an 8/10, and highly reccomend it as a must have for all Vive owners who like Multiplayer shooters or like to build things/play things other people have built.This game really has the potential to be Gmod VR, the framework is already there."
,Recommended,525640,28113027,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,PitfireX,"I overlooked this game a couple times, but MAN is it good.  If you like H3VR, its VERY close.    its a little more friendly (less realistic) with its reloads, and it has alot less guns currently, but it has signifigantly more stuff to do in it.....Including multiplayer!    Very solid game and as long as updates stay frequent, this game will be top dog quick."
,Recommended,525640,28298327,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Handerre,"My first impressions with BAM VR was back in september and it wasn’t all good. However a lot of improvement have been made with the game since then. First of all the weapons handles really good now, and they sound really nice as well. The inventory system is great, the trackpad locomotion is great, having a awesome demo is great, and the weapon customization is a nice feature. Overall this game has gone from being awkward to feeling excellent. And now with the multiplayer mode in place the asking price of $14.99 gives you a ton of bang for your buck.@Patrick: I feel sorry for having a bad review of your game for this long. I understand you've put a lot of effort into this, and it really shows. If I only had known sooner how great your game have become..."
76561198090796792,Recommended,525640,27918658,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,StrongPillow,I picked this up because I heard it was getting multiplayer that also had locomotion options. I can't stomach trackpad so I've had to miss out on the last couple good multiplayer shooters. Now I can comfortably play a shooter using quick teleports in a fast paced shooter. It's a real blast and with the ability to make multiplayer maps in the future this game should have tons of replay value.I recommend it just for the multiplayer alone. There are other modes too that I am going to dig into.
,Recommended,525640,30607980,Posted: 18 March,all,AGCProductions,"This is one of the most underrated VR games out there. Yes, just like pretty much every VR game on the market right now, there is a lack of a player base so it can sometimes be hard to find a multi-player match. However, the moment you do find a match with just 4 or more players it is a fantastic time. Guess how you make more matches available? Buy the game and play! VR is a new market and it needs investment in order to grow. Stop crying ""muh player base"" when you don't actually contribute to growing said player base because you refund the game after checking one time. I will say that I have had a few times myself where I was not able to find a game with players. When this happens I just go to another game and then check back later.The gun play is realistic enough to activate your almonds while still managing to remain easy and quick to learn. This allows you to have the interactivity with the weapons which makes VR gun play so great while still having the ease of use to enjoy the general shooty-shoot bits with a very small learning curve.I have never operated a gun in my life but after 15 minutes I was shooting like a pro*.*[citation needed].As for performance, I am running a GTX 1070 and have had little issue. However, there have been some instances of lag on certain maps, for which the developer has pushed multiple updates in order to fix. This brings me to yet another point:This game is early access. It is still very much in development. Purchasing this game is an investment in its future, you are not purchasing a polished product, which is why its not being listed at a AAA price.However, the developer is constantly working on updating this game. If you want proof look at the update/news history. As of writing this there are 40 updates which are published almost every week, if not more. Not to mention the smaller updates for bug fixes which which don't have individual news posts.It may not have all the glitz and glamor as some of the more popular games, but it sure the hell is just as fun gameplay wise and it is only getting better as time goes on.TL;DR: Yes, its not perfect, but it's constantly being updated and, the more people who play, the better it will get. It is a $15 investment which I guarantee you wont regret in the log run."
,Recommended,525640,33707335,Posted: 21 July,all,havegunswilltravel,"If you don't have this game already you are missing out. I didn't even realized this game existed until recently but now it is all I play. The parachuting and helicopters are such an amazing experience considering they are still experimental. The bots in this game are also better than the bots in onward IMO. The thing I appreciate the most about the game is how often the developer posts updates. Its frustrating how many VR games have slow or no development after launch but this dev is constantly putting out patches. I cant wait to see what the future holds for this game and if you are on the fence about it, I have over 200 hours in onward and ive barely touched it since I found this game. Buy it. TO THE DEV: I'm not sure what you have to do to get more people to see this game but I legit didnt even know it existed until a few weeks ago. I love it. Keep up the great work."
76561198016779748,Recommended,525640,31977024,Posted: 26 May,all,bluega,"I try this game every month or so, to see the progress. I am eagerly waiting for the mechanics to feel as fluid as onward. I am in love with onward, I play at least a few hours everyday (1100 hours logged so far).Anyways, the other night I gave bullets and more another shot, again, just like last month I was blown away by the progress. The first time I played it, it was awful, I had so many glitches, and just in general I could not shoot straight or anything. Last month when I played, most of that was fixed. The gun seemed to shoot where it was pointing at least. The other night, I tried again. I was disappointing most of the issues I had were not fixed. There was an incredible amount of new content though. Zombie mode, gun game, that mode where your in a forest and shoot the monsters and avoid innocent creatures. These are all really cool features. I talked with some of the people in there, and they said I should send a message on the forums about some of my suggestions. Not sure where that form is, I thought there would be a subreddit for this game, and I would just submit it there, but there wasn't so here I am. The people I talked with said the dev, (I think his name is Patrick), kept a list of priorities that he wanted to put in the game. However, some of my suggestions I think are easy to implement, but must have never been thought of, or been made lower propriety than some of this new content you added. I think some of these suggestions are crucial to the success of this game, and are what most consider the reason they play onward over BAM.Here we go:**1- Your character should move slower when looking down the sight of your gun:** This give the game a much more realistic feel. In onward, as you raise your gun, your character slows down, giving myself a firing stance and a running stance, the same way I would behave in real life.**2- The red dot on the holosight and red dot sight should get smaller as you hold it away from your face:** A lot of the time when playing BAM, I would be shooting at people across the map, the red dot in my cross air would actually be larger than target I was trying to hit. This made it really difficult to aim. One thing I love about BAM, is the ability to build your gun, place attachments wherever you want. I think if I place the holo sight on the far end of my gun, the sight should be smaller, instead its still the same size as if I were to put it on the back of my gun, right against my face. This is not realistic. It would also give users the ability to choose if they want an easy to see and quick to focus on reticle, or if they want something smaller for long range maps they can have a small reticle.**3- Using a gun stock with two hands does not work:** When I was playing, I would try and aim at people across the map holding my hands very still in a gun stock, but the reticle would just float around. It was impossible to shoot anything. Its like taking a moving average of where my hands are over the last second or two and moving the gun to there. When I move the gun from left to right, it takes a few milliseconds for the reticle to catch up to where I am aiming. This was the most frustrating thing I found, and should be made a top priority. Eventually the people I was playing with realized my problem. I guess if you are using a gun stock you should just hold the gun with one hand. This made my problem go away, but when holding with one hand you get more recoil. So this really is not a solution, but a temporary fix. I was forced to play all my games with single fire on. The last time I played this a month ago, there was a gun stock mode in the settings that I think fixed this, my problem is that I am using an oculus, and I guess the dev and the tester do not own an oculus, because last month when I played with gun stock mode on, I had some issues that made the game unplayable but I was told were specific problems to the oculus users and I dont really remember what those were, it was a month ago. This time I did not see a gunstock mode in the settings, but I will check again later. Maybe I missed it. Bottom line, if I can't hold my gun with two hands and have the reticle be steady and responsive to movement, then this game is almost unplayable. MAKE THIS TOP PRIORITY.**4- When I walk physically walk into a virtual wall, my character is unable to move:** This one bothered me the least, but is still a frustrating issue when it happens. If I sidestep at all, and my character's elbow or something goes into an object, I cant move. I think out of what I am suggesting this will be the most difficult to fix.That's it.Like I said, I love this game, but it has a few kinks to work out before it feels polished. That's it for me. I really cant believe the progress this game has made compared to onward. Every time I play I am blown away with the amount of new content, but my main criticisms of this game seem to be unfixed every month. Once these have been addressed, I have no doubt I will be playing every night, but until then I will be staying in Onward for 99% of my VR FPS gaming needs."
76561198185541166,Recommended,525640,26204147,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,mrtokyo123,At first when I got the game I was very happy with what I got. the level editor was extremely fun and I found myself playing around in it for hours. the other mini games are fun and a great way to kill time but now that multiplayer is now a factor this game has far exceeded my expectations as far as how quickly I've seen it grow. the developer is very active in talking and paying attention to the community and continuously updating his game. If this game continues on going in the same direction it has been it will be a must-have in everyone's VR collection.
76561197990270671,Recommended,525640,25607598,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,flibbertigibbety,"I'm writing this review based on the fact that this game is EA, and the dev is VERY involved on the discussion boards and working with the community.On that note... I'm very very satisfied with this game so far. The 3 ""minigames"" are a nice touch, but the game really shines when it comes to the editor. I've spent countless hours working with the editor, building levels, testing them out, and making my own revisions. The level designer has a VERY low learning curve, and anyone can throw together a little town in no time at all. The gun mechanics have a nice feel to them. Involved reloading mechanics, but forgiving enough to keep up with fast paced gunplay. There are also a 4 different types of locomotion. Teleporting (with a dash effect), sliding (dynamic rails), controller aiming, and touchpad movement.The game also has a fantastic Multiplayer mode (in beta) that currently has deathmatch and team deathmatch modes. Voice chat is enabled, and the multiplayer gameplay is stable and solid. Workshop support for user made levels is not yet available for multiplayer, but the dev (Patrick) is quick to add well designed user made maps to the game.... that is until he gets workshop support for MP up and running. (it's already in the public release for single player user made missions)Patrick is also extremely involved in the community, often times joining us for hours on end of multiplayer craziness, while enjoying discussing the game design and future features with the community. It's a joy to work with him, and see his wonderful game flourish in every direction.For it's very low asking price, BAM VR is worth every penny, and then some."
,Recommended,525640,32632256,Posted: 21 June,all,Avatizer,"I didn't expect to fall in love with BAM... but it snuck up on me.What Bullets and More may lack in AAA polish, it more than makes up for with fantastic gameplay, great mechanics, scrappy ambition, and a truly awesome dev. Hard to believe in the same game I've sniped enemies from across a desert city, stealthily jumped from palm tree to palm tree as a spiderman-like zombie, and dived out of a helicopter flown by my VR teammates to rain myself down on the opposing team like a human grenade.The new bots are great and add lots of content even when playing at odd hours without a full lobby. I especially love assigning all the bots on the other team and turning them into suicide bombers to see how long I can survive the onslaught.Hands down the best $15 I ever spent on Steam."
76561197971608713,Recommended,525640,28194537,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,dandealer,"Most fun multiplayer game in VR, period.I own onward and like its slow pace realistic oriented gameplay but this one its like play counter stike in VR, fast paced, fast respawn all time action and for me zero motion sickness.Developer plans to add custom map support so what more can we ask?Even in its early development state a must have solely for multiplayer,but single player modes are really fun too, its like buy 5 diferent games in one..."
76561197964258663,Recommended,525640,31467939,Posted: 30 April,all,[FHC] Mikers85,I downloaded a map of a town filled with zombies from the workshop (Finding Sam). That alone was an excellent experience. Highly recommend!
,Recommended,525640,34987478,Posted: 15 September,all,CBHaWk,I will start this with saying the dev is very active and constantly updates this game. Multiplayer is awesome when you find matches. So many different game modes also has a someone zombie horror mode.
,Recommended,525640,28485512,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,ODINe,"This is a fab game,   try the demo  first if you unsure,  but well worth the money.  If you started playing FPS from the early Counterstrike days  you will  feel like you have stepped back  in time,  but are now in the action.The game runs super smooth on max GFX settings and 1.3 SS in the in game menu on my 970 and  6700k.The mechanics to load the gun and aiming down the sights work well with one hand or two hands as  requried.  Reloading works great and makes this feel  realistic (ish)  but  not too fidelly.  Granades work well too.It is instant action game too once you die,  no hanging around in the lobby,  pick your guns and go again.The developer is responsive and  you get a tool  to build your own maps too.This is early access but well worth the money,  and has players on most of the time./Edit - spelling/Edit  16/01/17  - still a great game,  some new maps, CTF, DM and TDM now playable.  There are players online most of the time and everybody is happy to help out the new  guys.  Now two maps available for the Demo players too.  go grab it and have a go. Simple, fast  ( but not too fast  game play)/Edit 17/03/17Lots of new maps weapons and  game performance improvements is this turning into a even better game. If you like FPS  games  try it.  Lots more players as well. Try the bridge or watch tower maps just fab"
,Recommended,525640,28539110,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Beaudster,"If onward and H3VR had a baby, this would be their child, I love BAM and I just cant get enough, there is always a game going on and even then, the single player stuff is loads of fun!"
,Recommended,525640,28554006,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,AndreyATGB,"Played the demo 3 hours straight and then bought the game without hesitation. The multiplayer is excellent. A bit weird switching between H3VR and this due to the different control schemes, but honestly the multiplayer is just so much fun. The addition of global always on chat is genius I may add."
76561198280202925,Recommended,525640,28315885,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Chris,"It's really nice game. The sounds, graphics and animations could be better and there could be more placeable objects and more game modes (but it is in early state yet and the price is not high for this game). Still somehow, the gameplay is really really really enjoyable and addictive. Besides Onward this is my favorite vr fps game now."
76561198395358969,Recommended,525640,34911154,Posted: 12 September,all,Mel,"I've been playing this game for about a week and a half. The bots offline were my favorite at first until I got use to it, which only took a couple days (mostly testing out maps and weapons).  I then played online with and without bots. There's so many maps to learn but once you do, there's so many gameplay options it never gets boring. The Humvees are my favorite ❤️ but doing barrel roles in the helicopter was quite entertaining. Still need to practice as far as flying them myself. Annnd the zombies are awesome. Ok, there's a app for the weapons they integrated into the game, so learning how real weapons work is a huge plus for me. Job well done."
76561198031650894,Recommended,525640,25486187,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,RnRSalvo,"I bought it solely based on the gun options, and boy was I pleasantly surprised!There are multiple game modes, including a quick shoot range, a survival horror forest, and a holo gun mode where you shoot and then have to dodge a return shot. This is not even mentioning the level editor.Is it perfect, no, but it's early access and in constant improvement. I rarely post reviews, but this game in particular deserves one not only for the surprising amount of content, but the developers willingness to listen and customize it for the players. I have never seen someone post a thoughtful reply to forum inquiries as quickly as they have, and I can say it won them a loyal fan.Looking forward to future improvements and more targets to shoot!10/10 recommended to everyone I know."
76561198043843153,Recommended,525640,31589607,Posted: 6 May,all,Maroon,166 hours of VR awesomeness and counting. The frequency and quality of updates is astounding.
76561198028225965,Recommended,525640,34890833,Posted: 11 September,all,DONOHUE07,"ignore my limited play time on here, i launch the game through Oculus Home and it dosnt track the play time.this by far is my fave VR game, easily. plenty of game modes, guns and atachments. i absolutley love it.baffles me that this gem hasnt had the recognition it deserves"
,Recommended,525640,33622378,Posted: 17 July,all,NicLovin,"Having played Onward, Pavlov and now BAM this is my quick and dirty comparison:Each game has its own style and excels at different things. But BAM may be the best if someone (or a group of friends) could only pick just ONE of these three. I would absolutely recommend getting them all in time (BAM, Onward, and then Pavlov in that order actually).also, join the discord, your doing yourself a disservice if you dont. You can talk to other people, get games going, and agree on custom ones before hand (ie: knives, bows, pistols, flare guns, ect. only). You can also talk with and give feed back to the Dev who is actively on there very day. 10/10 community.https://discord.gg/DTQAw69-Onward: plays like Arma/ Raibow SixMilSim, feels the most polished in both gameplay, controls and graphics but it lacks the weapons, attachments, maps gamemodes and overall diversity that BAM has. This is a game you might move to once you are well versed in VR shooters,and want a more tactical game (maybe even so far as to have /made a gun stock for your controllers)-Pavlov: plays like CounterstrikeQuick paced shooter, thats easy to grasp however when compared to the other two, the gameplay and controls are not fluid, the recoil/bullet spread feels off and the netcode needs some serious work. This is literally Counterstike VR, if thats the only thing you want/need, look no further. However it is extremely sparse on weapons, maps, and features, especially when compared to the other two. It doesnt do anything poorly, it just doesnt do anything great either. Its work picking up for the comparison, or to try something slightly different.-BAM: plays like COD (but one of the good ones)It has the most varied amount of modes both in multiplayer and the additional single player modes as well as the widest variety and largest number of guns, maps and attachments. It's single player options make this a compelling purchase alone, having a very good tutorial, gun range, time attack, holo gun (holo point, but with guns), a suprisingly scary and fun wave shooter, a breaching mode, and a full blown in VR level editor. Most of the single player modes have various types of leaderboards on each one as well, for something to aim towards. The multiplayer modes, (Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Capture The Flag, Virus Infection, Gun Game and Classic Deathmatch), and large variety of maps and weapons keep the game feeling fresh. The player base is small at the moment for the game, usually only around 10 or so people in an open match (but join the discordhttps://discord.gg/DTQAw69and its super easy to get in  dozens of active games every day), but bots make up for this. The maps also have some classic remakes, and its just fun to play halo, 007 golden eye, cs, cod maps and more in VR.Oh did i mention it has the begginings of vehicles with flyable helicopters on maps specific for them?"
,Recommended,525640,31595905,Posted: 6 May,all,JustAnotherHero,"Tl;Dr - Outstanding game, amazing community, easily a diamond in the rough.Developer listens to the players, something these bigger companies should take note of.The server is european/american so you can even mingle with some very different fun interesting characters to say the least.I have yet to play a vr game where I have spent double digit hours in game, this is the first to have done that for me.For you newer players planning to play this game.USE YOUR SIGHTS ha"
,Recommended,525640,28382087,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Kenny,"I am about 3 hours into the game.  It is in my honest opinion the best fps VR game out there.  Dev is really friendly and takes players recommendations as long as they make sense.  Weapons models are very detailed.  Haptic Feedback is on point.  You can tell the dev put alot of time into this, in turn his devotion turned into a very polished Early access.  Very excited to be apart of this game progressing."
,Recommended,525640,28438421,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SelfHandledRogue,"https://www.twitch.tv/selfhandledrogue/videos/allBunch of videos here with new mapsA must have for any VR Gamer.Great work. Lots of fun and tons of options .You can pick the type of movement you like .cutomize weapons with realistic reloading and aiming.good respawn makes for fun use of game time.Well worth the money.Buy it before the price goes up as this is going to be the on the top of the bestsellers list very soon. Oh and you can customize you characters apearence which is pretty neat.This game is well worth the money do not hesitate to buy.Its in the early stages and is still pretty awesomegraphics are crisp and non laggy 9/10movement has every option 10/10community is great 10/10guns are realistic 9/10and updates are continuous  10/10Weekly Updates 10/10Ability to mute your mic , team speak or speak to everone including the enemy team over headsets and not just in proximity .fast reloading as you can wave your gun over your mags in your belt and rerack a bulletyou can see some gameplay here with just a few playersand it has a feature where you can design levels which is awesomeand  a few other games that like a forest level that is scarier than brookhaven where you can compete with other players .tons of options lits really like 5 games in one with all the different modes besidesthe 5 v 5  multiplayerhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JuMzfJ8JBqg&feature=youtu.beyou can even meet the devs while playing and provide input."
,Recommended,525640,35363260,Posted: 30 September,all,FastLawyer,"BAM is the perfect balance between the military simulation of Onward and the arcade quick twitch of Pavlov VR.  This is the best VR multiplayer.  The graphics are nice.  The maps are nice.  The guns are absolutely amazing.  Reloading actually makes sense.  There's usually several attachments for each gun.  There's several single player type games/challenges available.Game runs smoothly.  There are a few locomotion options, but I always go for joystick/trackpad movement.  I experience zero nausea.  Did I mention you can pilot helicopters?  Humvees?  Yeah it's all here.  Chucking grenades is fun.The only problem is the servers are usually not full.  Luckily, there are bots a plenty.  So the game needs more players.  C'mon guys, stop wasting time with other mutliplayers.  This is the gold star VR multiplayer game.  Come get some.Rating 8/10 (would be 9 if more players)"
,Recommended,525640,28575916,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Skatardude10,"Tons of fun. I played a lot of Onward over the past few months, and that is still a great game... but it's three times likely that I will opt for BAM VR when I just want to plink around, have a good time with people online, get some quick TDM / CTF action in, make some levels and fight some AI... Weapon mechanics are great... effects are different and exciting... the dev is active and the game is constantly improving. Great game, I recommend picking it up."
,Recommended,525640,28739397,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TnuocEht,"Fun single player modes, fun physics / gun mechanics, well implemented inventory system, and the best multiplayer game so far in my vive collection. Also a great, fun community, even played with the dev who is consantly listening to feedback and updating.I paid the sale price of 11.99 but would have GLADLY piad the current asking price of $14.99."
76561197992851927,Recommended,525640,29729398,Posted: 5 February,all,J0e Mama,"Amazingly fun and definitely worth the $20 especially considering it clearly has so much room for improvement.  Multiplayer gameplay is somewhere between Rec room paintball and Onward.  This basically feels like an alpha version of counterstrike with some cool realistic gun handling and random single player content to boot, but running around shooting each other in VR is just so damn fun.  You can choose between touchpad and teleport locomotion, touchpad might make you a little queasy at first but I quickly got used to it.  I just wish these indie devs would team up, if H3VR, Onward and BAM got together with say, a dedicated netcode dev, imagine how great that would be."
,Recommended,525640,33183345,Posted: 3 July,all,Rocketman,"I meant to go to bed at 10 last night.Instead, at 11:30 I was huddled in a corner, shouting frantically and screaming in panic with three other guys as more than half a dozen zombies taunted us over the open mic as they flung themselves towards our tasty, fleshy bits.Plus, the other game modes are absolutely fun as hell, and at 12 hours in, I haven't even seen all the maps yet.10/10, can't wait to do it again."
76561198297391842,Recommended,525640,28334432,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Yo-Jimbo,"I really enjoyed playing the demo, had to buy it.  It's early access but plays really really well, mechanics of the game are solid, I espect the graphics will be updated as it progresses. To think I almost passed this one by with so many VR games realesed these days I could have easliy missed this. It's mint, a Diamond in the Rough, nice FPS multiplayer with instant spawn back into action with some nicely detailed weapons & solo action. Proper Review to follow later after I've put some solid time into it.If Hv3r & Onwards had a baby, this would be it!"
,Recommended,525640,28332984,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,zStatix,Currently the best game I have played in VR.This game has similar mechanics to H3VR but instead of being stuck in shooting ranges you can participate in a competitive Call of Duty like multiplayer.The Dev is also very active and is quite often in the multiplayer lobbies chatting with the players.This game does not have the best graphics but it has the best full game like multiplayer out of all of the VR titles.
76561198010223834,Recommended,525640,34945592,Posted: 14 September,all,Naat,"At this time BAM has a lot more to do then Pavlov, being more advanced, more game modes and at least in EU - playerbase is the same size (Which is 2-8 players online any night)"
,Recommended,525640,31386315,Posted: 26 April,all,HouseOwl,Better Than Onward and all other multiplayer fps....Just Needs More People
,Recommended,525640,30206003,Posted: 26 February,all,STEREO,"Best shooter for vr, hands down; and yes, I've played Onward and many others. This is the only one worth coming back to on a regular basis, IMO.Things worth mentioning:There are numerous locomotion options, including Touchpad and Touchpad HMD FwdThere are 24 weapons available in multiplayer, alone.  Even more exist in the Single Player mode.  There are also lots of attachment options and, weapon mechanics are very realistic, and weapons are very well-balancedMultiplayer has the following game modes: TDM, DM, CDM, CTF, Virus!, Gun Game!UI is easy to use and looks great!There are lots of options to customize your playing styleThe Map Editor is an excellent feature that affords limitless fun allowing you to create scenarios that you can share, or subscribe to scenarios built by other community membersJoining and hosting games is simple and quickJoining the BAM Discord community is a great way to get your voice heard!https://discord.gg/HnHbbNew and exciting features are constantly in development and you can even test them with the community if you opt into the Beta branch"
76561198027883558,Recommended,525640,33699932,Posted: 21 July,all,GunMd0wn,"Disclaimer: I do not enjoy competitive multiplayer, so I purchased this game solely for its offline/single-player content. That said...This is a fantastic game from an active dev that really listens to his users and adds loads of content frequently. I was absolutely blown away by this game. Great work to Koenigz; this is how VR shooters should be. I would even go as far as to say this is now the bar I place for other shooters. There are some other good VR shooters available (and yes, I own a lot of them), but this is my favorite so far. If you are reading this, do yourself a favor, stop reading, download the demo and try it out for free. If you like it, and I think you will, buy this game for the absolute steal it is (even full price is a bargain).Also, if, like me, you don't care about the online multiplayer, the bots are more than adequite for hours upon hours of fun. There are a plethora of good maps available already and some are tributes to some classics from the past couple decades which feel so satisfying to play in VR. I could go on and on about this game, but the bottom line is that it has a lot to offer to any FPS fan. Do not miss it."
76561198115353378,Recommended,525640,32788803,Posted: 25 June,all,ThatFrosty,"This game is epic!Anybody who is looking for that COD style gameplay, this is the game for you!There areeee some loading issues with several of the firearms, but you are able to get a workaround.It seems that some maps were a rush job with the texturing a bit funky in some areas, but still very fun.Ive been sinking many hours into this game so far, just fooling around with the bots.To the dev: keep it up! You are doing very well!I look forward to the next update"
,Recommended,525640,30929169,Posted: 3 April,all,Daniel Webster,"This game is worth your money.At the time of this review I have 320+ hours playing this game, and I do not plan on stopping.  I will try to keep it short to get to the point.1. This game is Early Access done right.  Patrick (the dev) updates every week, and is willing to listen to anyone's suggestions in discord all day.  This is making the development of the game move quickly and every week we get a patch with things that the players WANT.2. Guns in this game are accurate and deadly.  Everything can be used to kill the enemy effectively if you are skilled enough to aim it. (AKA how a shooter should play)3. Map Editor leads to some great maps and a very fun time for us creative folks.  Spent a good probable 100 hours in the editor alone and created 4 maps in the MP rotation already.4. ZM Panic mode is hilariously fun and roleplaying as a zombie with all chat has everyone laughing their♥♥♥♥♥off by the end of a match.Is this game perfect? No but with your help and ideas, the developer can make it a little more perfect each week.  That is a better experience than I have had with any other game, especially in terms of listening to the people who play his game the most for their opinions and using them to make the game better.""10/10"" - IGN - Michael Scott"
,Recommended,525640,31685337,Posted: 11 May,all,HOSHI®,VR Multiplayershooter Done Right!Bullets And More VR or BAM VR is a FPS for VR Systems like Vive and Oculus. With its main focus on multiplayer matches there is a viarity of modes from classic deathmatch/teamdeathmatch to the virus mode where one infected has to hunt down the other players which each kill they get infected too. The singleplayer part comes very short and just gives you your standart shooting range and a horde like mode where you defend yourself in the middle of a dark forest. There is also an level editor included which you control completely in vr and can waste auf many fun hours building your own map for single or multiplayer. Sadly atm you can't use your own created map in multiplayer from the get go and have to be submitted. But with this game still in early access and there are bigger things to finnish this will rarely happen.The gunplay in this game is fantastic and so much fun that you can waste a ton of time by your own to test all weapons out. Hell you can even throw magazines and guns in the air to make some awesome moves reloading your weapon. This game supports locomotion with the touchpad and is highly recommended. If you own a gun-rig you can use this here too.The graphics are okay at best. The weapons look great but everything else like the enviroment is just meh. Gladly this doesn't matter because the gameplay is insanly fun...if you find a mp-match. And here we go to my biggest negative point.If you are from europe like me or an other timezone far off from the us-timezone you will have a hard time finding any games with many players. The majority seems to come from the us and therefore playing with a high peak of players would be very early in the morning or late at night and this is a huge problem. On top of that not many people own this game as there is nearly no advertisement for BAM VR as the developer said he wants to finish a huge chunk of the game first. Which is understandable and he has the communitys back. And what a great community this is.They are friendly to newcomers and helping out. I didn't had one time where someone starts offend someone or gets over the top angry. They support the dev and even build maps to help him. The discord channel of this game is a very friendly place. No toxic whatsoever.Do I recommend this game? Hell yes even in this state. This game needs a way bigger playerbase than it is now.
76561198131227499,Recommended,525640,28815330,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,saber556,"This is my favorite FPS game on Vive.  I own other VR FPS games, but have not even launched them thanks to BAM.The multiplayer has a perfect feel.  The singleplayer Forest and rooftop shoot+dodge modes are excellent (currently hold records in AA-12 and Thompson, rooftop).   I like the look and feel of all menus and selection panels.  The dev is very active and improves the product continually.  The community is sizable and growing.My recommendation is to buy this game, including at full price, without hesitation.Scouts Out!"
,Recommended,525640,28295702,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Ryker Grey,"Hands down my favorite Vive game thus far. I can't believe I ever doubted, and delayed picking this up. It's more of a VR FPS ""platform"", then a traditional ""game"". You can literally make your own games using the editor, which is extremely easy and enjoyable to use despite being limited in this early stage. There are also various game modes, which each have their appeal. Hologun for example is something that'd I'd have paid for all by itself (it's holopoint but with guns!). The multiplayer though is where BAM really shines! Playing through a custom map I made of my actual house, with a full server of people is nothing short of magical. I'm so impressed at everything offered here, and extremely confident in BAM's future. The developer is fantastic, and very open to community feedback. And there's an amazing, friendly community around this game that really helps make it stand out from most the other VR multiplayer titles.  This amazing community is constantly coordinating events, so there's always an upcoming BAM session to look forward to! If you loved Half-Life 2: Deathmatch, and other similar titles from that era, you're going to LOVE BAM!"
76561198030695739,Recommended,525640,28816300,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SkaToast,"Best VR Shooter Multiplayer currently available.  It's a lot of fun, and most people in the multiplayer rooms are discussing how awesome it is.  There's a lot of potential too, and I expect an even brighter future for this game.  It has a map editor, so there's low risk of the maps getting stale, and the weapon handling and simulation is excellent.  The only game with better weapon handling is H3VR, which is saying something.One minor problem: not a lot of players on there currently.  I don't expect that to be the case for long, especially with the generous demo.  Every week I play, I see more players playing."
76561197989449898,Recommended,525640,28298287,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,|OO| Ser Jorah,Excellent!!!
76561198014650069,Recommended,525640,28353662,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Foxygrandpa13,"A great game so far, a nice mixture of H3VR and Onward (I own both). Onward is certainly a bit more tactical than this game, and H3VR is certainly more polished when it comes to the shooting range aspect. However this has hit a great balance and provided a very solid game for both types of experiences.I absolutely recommend the free demo, and if you enjoy the feel I would recommend spending the $15 to support the dev and hopefully contribute towards turning this game into something even better."
,Recommended,525640,28774721,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Addsome,Great FPS game for the HTC Vive. Gives different movement options depending on what you prefer which is something most other games do no offer.
76561198351508226,Recommended,525640,31558830,Posted: 5 May,all,Iridium,"One of the best shooters for VR.Pros:Multiple gamemodes (fast respawn, tdm, ctf, zombie modes)Loads of weapons (which are more accurate than likes of pavlov), including longbow (fun) and customizable.Good communityActive developer, you might see him ingame!Runs well.Cons:Levels could use more detail, mostly on par with other shooters though, However has mix of longer ranged levels like onward and some really small levels for faster gameplay."
76561197973419161,Recommended,525640,32044565,Posted: 29 May,all,nutty_apprentice,"This is more of a comparison to onward, the only other similar game which as impressed me enough to put some hours into.Wow this is so much more playable than onward, dont get me wrong, i love onward, but the positioning of the guns and the fact you can actually use the scopes properly and even adjust their heights (with adapters) and positions at any time makes it so much more intuitive.The graphics to me are better than onward or should i say more user friendly, you can see people moving far into the distance and quickly lock your scope on, whether its a sniper rifle or a 4x on an assault rifle. I struggled to even distinguish people from background in onward most of the time. The frame rates are always high enough to keep from using asynch etc. Also the options for res scaling are there and immediate and my rig plays it on 1.5 no problem.The game modes in onward tend to provide more suspense as one kill and youre out, making you tread more carefully, which i like. B&M is more about respawning and hitting as many people as possible before getting hit again. There is a capture the flag mode which is a lot of fun but I havent found any modes similar to onward yet, they  may be there, if not, they should be something to include later.The single player portions of B&M are surprisingly addictive especially competing against others all time down to daily records for each weapon.The range is really well made, allowing you test every weapon and their configurations on the fly, unlike onwards slow exit, choose, maybe re-enter the range again if it doesnt crash method.The only issue at the moment is there are so few people playing for some reason, especially in europe. Come on people this game is a lot of fun and probably the best multiplayer shooter out there at the moment, lets fill those servers!The updates come thick and fast and the editor has had people produce some great level designs. There are massive maps that would suit a lot of players down to tiny maps that are good for 4.All in all this game is worth far more than what theyre asking."
76561198185320091,Recommended,525640,25743693,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,yahama1983,this game is great. nice updates too
76561198289056181,Recommended,525640,28392467,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Mark_Geronimo_901005,"The game is awesomeI had played a lot of vr games. The most of them are boring me, after a few minutes or hours. Bullets is like a classic egoshooter as cs. I like it so much and hope that many guys support the developer. If you like shooter games. You have to buy it.Iam keen off it"
76561197962163349,Recommended,525640,29043141,Posted: 5 January,all,Zigg,Great game with a super active Dev.  Updated several times a week usually.  Playercount has just been upped in-game.  Level editor.
,Recommended,525640,30099049,Posted: 22 February,all,basOOna,"Bullets and More VR is a FPS reminiscent of the glory days of Counter Strike.It currently has 3 game modes, Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch and Capture the Flag.There are already a good number of levels out there for each game mode, with more being added every day by both the developer and the community, as the game includes an easy to use VR level editor.The editor is one of the reasons I play this game. There is nothing more fun that placing sandbags, walls, roads and other obstacles right in front of you in VR. It's like playing with LEGOs... and guns. There's a giant mode for when you want to see things from way above and plan out your level.The game is still early access. It is insanely fun and very playable, and the developer sends out updates weekly. There are lots of features I would like to see added to the game: More options in the level editor, more game modes (bomb defusal and hostage rescue being the obvious ones), a less text-heavy tutorial, better spawn environment with easier access to weapon selection and attatchments.That being said, I think the amount of content and especially fun you get for the price, it's well worth the buy. I look forward to seeing you all on the servers. Both the US and EU ones :-)"
,Recommended,525640,30740147,Posted: 25 March,all,Jackal64,"I may not be a superstar player in this game but I can say that every hour I have played has been well worth the price. It is constantly in a state of evolution and the DEV joins the playerbase and listens to feedback.If you are frustrated with other more simulator type VR Shooter Titles this one is for you. It has a more arcade style match play but it manages to retain the gun realism. The weapons feel right and the movement is very good considering that a climbey style mechanism has been added.Last but not least there is a new multiplayer gamemode called Virus which is very reminiscent to how zombies started off in CS 1.6 before Left 4 Dead rose to popularity.For the current price, state of game, and current amount of multiplay players I would say this is a must have for the library.  It is sure to keep getting better and continue evolving. (☞ﾟヮﾟ)☞ go for it"
,Recommended,525640,33144368,Posted: 2 July,all,Dj Han Solo Mix-Master,Really fun Vr game. Honestly everything I want from a non vr fps but it's in VR!
76561198313079916,Recommended,525640,28335680,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,parasite,"Excellent game. has a level editor which is tons of fun. great freindly crowd. Was never a fan of this sort of thing in 2d, but in vr it works so well!"
76561198037302668,Recommended,525640,34778604,Posted: 6 September,all,Sternhart,"Best VR first person shooter available.Pro:Decent Gun-MechanicsHigh amount of different gunsHelicopters... seriously FREAKIN HELICOPTERSNice variety of Gamemodes (Deatmatch, Team Deathmatch, Capture the Flag, Classic Deathmatch, Gungame, Virus)LOTS of mapsBotsCons:Expect some latency issues if ping is higher than 100 (e.g. get shot behind walls)Player only online after 10PM CET (also probably only on American servers, even europeans play on american server? maybe they don't find the option to switch to european one, wich is highly recommended due to the latency issues)Bots need no reload (thats very odd)Facit:Great game. A must have for all friends of FPS. The cons are not a big deal. Its possible to get used to the latency issue by use another playstyle (taking cover will not be usefull). And even the small playerbase is no problem because of the bots.And if you buy the game and play it often then the playerbase will grow and this issue will not be a problem at all... so you are in charge to make BAM GREAT."
,Recommended,525640,28154158,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,mrdelish,The trailer does not explain this game terribly well. It is basically Onward but more arcadey and you can make your own map layouts. It's still a WIP but the dev seems to be quite involved and is constantly adding patches and in fact I just played with him tonight for a couple hours.Oh yeah! There's online in the beta branch right now! And it's great.I bought this game to play what I play in Garry's Mod: stupid little scenarios where I place dudes I can shoot. And it's fun!
,Recommended,525640,28312181,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,DokteK,"This is my new favorite VR game. First multiplayer I've been able to really get into, Still rough around the edges and definitly needs a bit more development but already tons of fun!"
,Recommended,525640,30153461,Posted: 24 February,all,Avatar,"The better version of Onward. More maps (hello Facing Worlds from UT, and Rats/Vertigo/Office from CS) and better performance."
76561198047022778,Recommended,525640,28761680,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,I Shit Nutella,This game is a blast and just a good laugh in online multiplayer. The dev seems intune with the players and has built something really good in a rapidly developing medium. I hope it will continue to grow and get the recognition.
,Recommended,525640,28497498,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,BodinaTheRed,"BADDA$$ VR CLOSE TO ONWARD CREATOR JUST KEEPS ADDING AWSEOME EXTRAS,  HATFIELD AND MCCOYS MAP AWSOME AND PATRICK SAID SOMETHING ABOUT A NUKETOWN LIKE COD I BELIEVE HIGHLY RECOMENDED"
,Recommended,525640,30221067,Posted: 27 February,all,HELL_RAMBO_III,"This game is awesome. Such a good implementation of the classic deathmatch shooter, this time in VR!Lots of people playing. Great physics. Only once did I have a framerate slowdown and it was in a very clustered map. Can't recommend it more, especially if you find Onward to be too realistic and you'd like something a bit more Call of Duty than Arma."
,Recommended,525640,29236633,Posted: 13 January,all,DocHollis,This is one of the best VR FPS games on Steam right now. I needed something like Onward but faster...what I found was basically CS:GO in VR with hilarious inverse kinematics. 8/10
,Recommended,525640,30463750,Posted: 11 March,all,andersonmatt1125,"Best VR shooter to date. Plenty of guns, lots of good maps and game modes. There's even a small handful of community created single player levels.Although there's nothing more frustrating than being killed through walls because of lag.I like it better than Pavlov or Onward."
76561198042913113,Recommended,525640,25409793,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,caidicus,"<<UPDATE>>Ok, so I played a bit longer and here's what I've found so far.The game needs polishing. There are lots of good features, especially the editor, but everything feels like it needs a few more passes for quality. The graphics are decent, but they could be better. The sounds are decent, but they could be more crystal.That being said, the editor is so easy that I just stumbled upon how to do it. I think that means that it's intuitive as I'm usually easily discouraged by interfaces that require more than a few steps to navigate. Within seconds I was shooting deer, a busted up car, and some soldiers that I had placed in the world.That was enough to passively teach me how to create entire levels.AI animations could be tweaked a bit, and behavior could also use a once-over.The true test with this game will be how disciplined the developer is. If he/she commits to this game, releases regular updates and tweaks, this title will be amazing. I'm hoping for the best.Still, at the price point offered, it's a good value for the money, especially with the possibility of future additions and tweaks.<<END>>I will update this as I've played more, but what I played so far was pretty neat.There are a lot of options, the controls make sense, and there's a tutorial level/environment which clearly explains each of the mechanics so you don't go into the game asking ""How the hell do I do this!?!?!?""For H3 fans, this is probably ideal.For now, I'm giving it a thumbs up, as it didn't rub me the wrong way in the short time I've played it.This is usually a good sign as the most common VR bad game sign is when a game feels like it's been thrown together.This one just feels right."
76561197970805976,Recommended,525640,31017983,Posted: 8 April,all,Prince of Presence,"This is an amazing game with a massive amount of multiplayer content. There's tons of levels here and new ones are constantly being added thanks to the level editor. There's so many cool modes here: Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Infection mode, etc. New modes continue to be added by the dev too. I think this game is even better than Pavlov now.Infection mode in particular is amazing because some people spawn as zombies which have regenerating health and they can climb ANYTHING in the level."
76561197970689217,Recommended,525640,33158631,Posted: 2 July,all,Creagen,"Got this game durring the Summer sale... Best money Ive spent in a long time on a game. This has it all. Zombies,  PVP,  Weapon Attachments with some funtionality added to them like Changing ur reticle on weapon sights. You can even pull the pin out of a nade with yer teeth and thow it like a champ! Did I mention U can climb  ladders and drain pipes  with the ur controllers .  Now I've played Pavlov and I hear theres a fude going on I'll just say this... The methods the Devs at pavlov are using toget you to buy their game is BS Don't fall for it!!!!  The Paid reviews Yes PAID! reviews people are posting is a bunch of good old fashioned Russian malarkey."
,Recommended,525640,33434326,Posted: 10 July,all,ducamacson,"Great game, maybe the best fps on vr.there arelots of gunslots of attachementslots of mapslots of featurelots of game modesand there are lots of updates making the game better and better.YOU can even add some maps you created on the editor.i only encountered some minor problems with hitboxs and mesh colliders.so i guess it's all good ?it's a must have."
,Recommended,525640,34177855,Posted: 11 August,all,Sardoniscorn,Nice to see consistant progress made in an already great game. The game already has a lot of content but the frequent additions make this one of the best shooters available for VR.
76561198271246152,Recommended,525640,31616469,Posted: 7 May,all,ben_455,This game is a lot of fun
76561197971290802,Recommended,525640,29736804,Posted: 5 February,all,FlavorTown,OMG!!!! Buy this game. This is hands down my favorite game right now. Dev is brilliant and stays on top of everything. This game is perfect for those who didn't quite click with onward. Hell even if you like onward and want to get some solid pvp in without having to wait a freaking decade between matches. Buy the game..... BUY THE DAMN GAME!!!!!!!
,Recommended,525640,32044508,Posted: 29 May,all,caseybloommsu,"This has got to be the most ""COD"" like shooter for the vive and I love it.  So much fun and I have logged more hours into this VR game than any other.  Zombie mode is my favorite! And of course Gun Game"
,Recommended,525640,33599387,Posted: 16 July,all,SKRRRRT!,"best developer yet, updates the game like weekly."
76561197975419221,Recommended,525640,33499176,Posted: 13 July,all,Fluffy Bunny Slippers,The best realistic VR shooter I have tried.The dev updates all the time and is open to feedback.Buy it now.
76561198041026461,Recommended,525640,28962409,Posted: 2 January,all,The Rock,"This game is great, and the only game I've booted up the Vive for this weekend. The multiplayer is insane. It's perfectly paced and the maps are all unique from each other for great game play. This is pretty fast paced which I much prefer to other games like this I've played. You respawn instantly and can change your loadout upon death and jump right back in. All the guns feel great, I just can't rave enough about it. There's a free demo, it won't hurt you to try and see how right I am!"
,Recommended,525640,35132773,Posted: 22 September,all,gopherchucks,"a lot of fun , plus workshop support so it keeps growing.  a little rough but worth  the price of admission."
76561198046964908,Recommended,525640,35282468,Posted: 28 September,all,Dyl Pickle,This game is amazing.  If you play it enough to get a little good and have at least 4 or 5 players than it will be an extremely fun time.
,Recommended,525640,29888163,Posted: 12 February,all,cant even ariel,"this game is rough around the edges but man it is FUNthe scene editor shows a lot of promise but the multiplayer is awesome right now!satisfying shooting, custom maps, map editor, instant respawns, populated multiplayer (more than most games right now)Just great fun"
,Recommended,525640,31978774,Posted: 26 May,all,BenchedGamer,A great game if you are looking for a partner to Onward. $15 bucks is a steal. My only issue is there is never a lot of people on for multiplayer. Usually around 6. Also the hate the bow.
76561198028246063,Recommended,525640,35014548,Posted: 16 September,all,tedd_e,its good.
76561197988120162,Recommended,525640,28837335,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Blairmeela,"By far one of the best games to get on your VR!! fast pased, user friendly and the community is great! easy 10/10!!!"
,Recommended,525640,29811200,Posted: 9 February,all,chace,"Ive only played this game for a little over an hour and im already hooked. There are a bunch of different locomotion options and the guns feel really nice, almost like HHH but without some of the annoying mechanics. This game feels a lot like counterstrike source mixed with VR with a ton of customization. Even old fun maps like nuke town were on this game. The game is definitely made for fast and fun multiplayer gunplay and has much faster gameplay than games like onward (by that i mean you dont just stand around for 5 minutes waiting for the next match to end so you can spawn again). You can even change weapon loadouts and add or remove optics in the middle of games between deaths I am happy to say that this game is a must have for any vive owner who enjoys VR FPS games!"
76561197988089003,Recommended,525640,29998729,Posted: 17 February,all,DMelT,"This game is awesome and addictive and very full of fast paced physics based shooting action.Every time I play some new feature has surprised me that I've been surprised that FPS games in general haven't thought of it at this point.Like a team death match on a playing field full of zombies?! And there's lots of attention to detail like a rail setup with customizable risers and scopes to mix and match. At one point I was on a nighttime map with an assault rifle and I had to set my gun up with a night vision goggle in front of a scope on a riser so I could pick people off hiding in the shadows from a distance.Oh, and there's a freakin map editor???!!!! Awesome sauce!"
,Recommended,525640,31423652,Posted: 28 April,all,PaC | Habasch,"+ Different and original gamemodes+ Good gunplay+ MP and SP features+ Online-Serverbrowser to check for games without starting the game+ Custom scenario editor with workshop support+ Active Dev with weekly update schedule+ Great community with discord & steam group+ Locomotion+ Basically like Onward but actually good- Only a few players online sometimes- Few bugs (usually fixed after feedback)By no way a completed or perfectly polished game, but a fun and working multiplayer and singleplayer shooter with frequent feature updates. Absolutely a must-have for FPS fans."
76561197987569902,Recommended,525640,35250387,Posted: 27 September,all,Hutch,Very realistic weapons.  hard to master controls at times on Oculus touch but fun all the same.
,Recommended,525640,28872707,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Bring The Reign,"I really enjoy this game. THe shooting range is a blast, and the survival mode is pretty legit as well. Granted there can be more options for weapons, but this is an early-access title so ill cutr the developers some slack. The gun-play is spectacular, ADS is nearly perfect and the mechanics are pretty smooth all around."
,Recommended,525640,29106779,Posted: 7 January,all,xChaosx,"Definatly the best Multiplayer game i have played on the vive, runs well with alot of realistic weapons and good mechanics would highly reccomend this game. single player is good as well with many different mini games to get you used to handling the weapons. Multiplayer although different in a good way reminds me of Counter Strike Source has a good community so far and helpful players to chat to while you kill each other :D"
,Recommended,525640,30619005,Posted: 19 March,all,Glassbreaker,one of the best multiplayer VR shooters
76561197965242085,Recommended,525640,30713438,Posted: 24 March,all,Chairface,"BAM is my favorite multiplayer VR-FPS. It has many weapons, tons of maps, several gametypes, DM, TDM, Zombie, CTF.Reloads and gunplay is close to realistic. Game is updated frequently and new maps added, dev joins games and talks with playerbase."
76561198294969782,Recommended,525640,31330593,Posted: 23 April,all,doublepen1,"BAM: Choose the wepond choose the attachments Start the fun with enless maps developed almost monthly by the public it has all the great maps from my favorite games Halo, Counter Strike, COD, and many custome new ones for VR! cant go wrong a Must have for VR!Update:8/15/17 Battlefield 4 VR!Helicopters and Hummer Vehicles now in Beta! lots of fun! Parachute on top of enemycapture the flag then hop on waiting helicopter piolot gets sniped all hell breaks loose inside must jump! and get picked up by hummer! all now!Gun Mode: Start with Machine Gun then for every kill it cycles thru another wepond until it reaches the Knife! Game over the winner is the one that reaches the Knife First about 22-24 kills cant remeber lol(Infected) Zombie Mode! : 2-3 team mates start as zombies about 20 seconds for the rest to get to positions! they have x ray vision and can climb anything and jump far to get everyone else! one touch and you are dead! you become infected! now you join the zombies!the goal Stay alive for 3 minutes with out anyone dying sounds easy! lol Have Fun!"
,Recommended,525640,35028753,Posted: 17 September,all,[AoP]BlueWater,"Well done.  Relatively new to the VR scene (about a month), but I'm having a blast playing this FPS.  Really like that the tutorial included most of the weapon types so I was able to get the mechanics for each gun down, before going into  matches.  Diving into the VR games, tried quite a few, and find this a nice middle ground, between really complicated mechanics and very simple ones that are on rails...  Sometimes I want simple (fruit Ninja, Elven Assassin, etc), but this hits the sweet spot for me..."
76561198030449104,Recommended,525640,28928389,Posted: 1 January,all,Rirok,"The multiplayer in this game is great!  It blends Onward with COD for fast paced, pick up and go action.  Drop into a game and enjoy the fast paced gameplay with a respawn system that works.  The weapons handle well and the movement systems are refined and cause no sickness whatsoever.  There is also quite a bit of single player content as well.  If you haven't tried the demo, do so!  If you have and are wondering if this game is worth buying, I can assure you that you will not be disappointed."
76561198065649409,Recommended,525640,29025234,Posted: 4 January,all,DTR 2CAR3L3SS,"I absolutely love this game!! I'm confused as to why so few people play it? It's like onward but was less serious, more fast paced, and you don't have to wait forever between deaths!"
76561198036550831,Recommended,525640,29484576,Posted: 25 January,all,goldenb19,Awesome gun game for the vive!!!just like cod for VR love it!!
,Recommended,525640,30010118,Posted: 18 February,all,Dark chocolate,It's a VR counter strike.
76561197967058677,Recommended,525640,31591374,Posted: 6 May,all,Chemical Gibbon,"I could harp on about the various game modes etc etc, but other reviews have touched on those far better than I can, however it's jam packed with things to do varying from single player games such as shooting ranges and endless breaching, even a horror themed wave shooter, as well as online play.For sheer content it can't be beat, and vehicles should be making their way soon, helicopters have been ingame (though buggy) when the developer has set up a test server to let the masses play around and I've played with them myself, and he has also stated that he intend to add a Jeep or similar at some point if everything goes well. Basically this could well turn into Battlefield VR.Talking of the developer, he shows HOW it should be done. Regular updates, constant communication with the community on discord (he's happy to talk to anyone about ideas for the game etc), and he LISTENS.The player base isn't huge, but I've noticed player numbers seem to be a bit bigger lately, and it utterly deserves your money.You get an awful lot for your dollar."
76561198133844279,Recommended,525640,31710692,Posted: 12 May,all,Weaponbros,"Got into match with Dev, helicopter war ensued. THIS GAME HAS HELICOPTERS YOU CAN FLY! 10/10"
76561198172732369,Recommended,525640,35182849,Posted: 24 September,all,derekthemanager,Wow always thought you couldn't have a call of duty type of game on the rift or anyV.R. Well bam proved that wrong. This games only down fall is how addictive it is. This game is well done and the only thing holding it back is the lack of players online so spread the word to buy and play especially at14.99 and a development staff that keeps updated it!
,Recommended,525640,35137244,Posted: 22 September,all,[BBD]SubMeOnTwitch,"Definitely enjoyed it and will probably end up buying it again as soon as I get paid. Earlier review is left in the bottom with not having it work. I got the demo and tried it out again and everything went well. TDM vs Bots was fun and just made me want to play more, I'm okay with the shotgun but the rest not so much. Takes some getting used to, but I really like the TDM game mode so it's a must buy for me in that regard.[Previous Review]Did not work, would get to loading and that is all it would do. Refunded and got Onward. Will come back and try to purchase again after a few updates in hopes that it works on my system. If not I'll refund again. Sucks too because I'd rather play a game of TDM instead of the one life crap you get in Onward.Since it did not work, I am forced to give it a not recommended.This does not mean you should take this as a bad review, just as a warning that it may not work on your system."
76561197994316543,Recommended,525640,35398741,Posted: 1 October,all,Crusher,"This game is a solid 8.5/10 for VR. Better than Pavlov and almost as good as Onward.The gameplay is solid, graphics are nice, so many different map and different modes.The only problem is that nobody knows the game, there is hardly 5 people playing globaly,it is really sad. Get this game as soon as possible, it is very fun."
,Recommended,525640,32013844,Posted: 28 May,all,dogtato,"I was hesitant to buy this and got Pavlov instead. But then I got frustrated with mid-game loading screens and debateable hit detection and noticed that most people who had played both games prefer bullets and more.In multiplayer, everyone's mic is on by default to talk to everyone, which has made this the most friendly shooter I've ever played. Multiplayer feels sort of empty if all you do is kill the other people in silence. It's a lot of why rec room is so much fun too.At the end of each round you vote on the next mode and then the next map, which is great for keeping it fresh. Team deathmatch, gun game, deathmatch, and infection seem to be the most popular and are all a lot of fun. Deathmatch can be a little iffy if the map is the wrong size for the number of players. Classic deathmatch is fun, with weapons scattered around the level that you have to get after spawning. CTF is less played, and tends to be one-sided. There is no bomb plant/defuse mode.The choice of weapons is pretty satisfying and the choice of attachments to put on them is too. I just learned that you can change the color and image in the holosights. The bow and arrow has it's draw backs (lol) but is a pretty legit midrange weapon and it's way more fun to shoot other players with arrows than it is to shoot npcs or cubes. I usually play with the mk18 because that's what everyone cool uses, but taking an LMG to fight off infected players is a good choice too.Cons; limited player base, but i've only logged on and found it totally dead once. usually there's at least 2-3 others playing and it's not rare to get a full 12-player game. The one time it was dead, I just went in to the level editor to mess around there.loading screens: kind of long. if you go right when the round ends and skip voting, you could probably pee and get back just in time for the next round starting. Or you could vote and go to the fridge to get a new beverage. It's kind of a bummer having to wait when you first fire it up, but after you've been playing for an hour or two it's sort of nice to have a break.The game gets significant updates pretty regularly and the teaser video is not representative of what it's like to play the game or of the current graphics. Mostly the weird locked knee character animations have been replaced with pretty good IK. Since I've started playing not so long ago I've seen it improve quite a bit. The already great core gameplay has had a lot of rough interfaces cleaned up and the new exploding head animation for headshots is very satisfying."
76561198067545708,Recommended,525640,29114581,Posted: 8 January,all,merko,Quite simply the best VR game out right now.The gun mechanics - the load times - the multiplayer - the level editor.... it's insanely well fleshed out. Whereas Onward didn't seem to run on my PC for whatever reason - this runs like a dream and is so damn  fun. Realistic reloading makes it so much more intense in gunfights and adds that level of realism that makes VR so great. I can't believe the low price of this because it's so feature packed.BUY IT NOW!!!!
,Recommended,525640,30290640,Posted: 2 March,all,Xenon,"This game is like H3VR, but in multiplayer."
76561197970759287,Recommended,525640,29217842,Posted: 12 January,all,Fiya,"So much fun. Many game modes, and even more coming in the workshop. My PC barely plays Onward, but this runs well and looks great. Also has a wide variety of movement options."
,Recommended,525640,29568242,Posted: 29 January,all,big bamboozlement man,shoot mans with guns A++
,Recommended,525640,30695626,Posted: 23 March,all,Palidore,"Among the current ""Big Three"" multiplayer VR shooters (Onward, Pavlov, BAM) — all of which I own — BAM stands out as the criminally underappreciated one when it comes to the public eye.  In a word, BAM is the king ofvariety, offering a buffet's-worth of content that keeps the game fresh and continually enjoyable hour after hour.Gameplay-wise, BAM leans heavily on the arcadey side, complete with fast movement, quick spawns, and a large arsenal of weapons and customizable attachments at your disposal.  Both touchpad/thumbstick locomotion and teleportation are available as options. The number of officially-supported maps is ridiculous thanks to the map builder and Steam workshop integration.  Every kind of map you could imagine exists in BAM, be it indoors, outdoors, long-range, close quarters, multi-storied, and nighttime variations, as well as remakes of classic maps from the likes of CS, UT, CoD, etc.  And yes, all these maps get actual playtime thanks to the robust voting system at the end of each game.  Beyond that, there are all manners of modes to play on, from your FPS staples (TDM, DM, CTF) to the non-traditional (L4D-esque Virus, Hostage, PvPvE w/ zombies, obstacle courses).So what you might be thinking is, ""hey Palidore, if BAM is so good, how come games like Onward or Pavlov are more popular?""  The answer is pretty easy, since it's what almost kept me from buying BAM, and is probably what has you, dear reader, a bit skeptical: first impressions.Starting with the very first thing you see scrolling through Steam's catalog, ""Bullets and More VR - BAM VR"" is an admittedly uninspired-sounding name, in addition to being an absolute mouthful.  It sounds like one of the thousand VR tech demos and student projects already out there, which many VR users have soured on and gloss over by default.  For those whododecide to click on the store page, they're greeted by much of the same, with a rather generic-looking game banner, and promotional screenshots that just look random and cluttered.  The trailer is actually fairly well done, but at the same time, showcases less-than-pretty textures, sounds, and animations — a lot of which is outdated and improved now.To me, this is BAM's cardinal sin: presenting itself like a cheap, hacked-together tech demo, instead of the quality, depth-filled game that it actually is.  Now, it might not be within the developer's scope to improve graphics dramatically, and I'm okay with that.  VR naturally brings out beauty and immersion even in low-fidelity games, and BAM is no exception.  Once you're in it and playing, you stop caring about how blurry certain textures are, and start appreciating just how robust and content-rich the game is. If nothing else, I just want to see more love put into the external presentation for the sake of marketability.  Shorten or change the name, make the store page nicer, and develop a prettier UI.So, for those who look past its rough exterior, you're rewarded with a seriously fun game that's bursting at the seams with content.  More impresssive yet, is that BAM is essentially a one-man project, yet the developer, Patrick, churns out new updates at an amazing pace.  On a weekly basis, we're getting some substantial combination of new maps, modes, guns, features, sounds, animations, bug fixes — you name it.  Check the update page yourself; 40+ updates in 6 months of early access is no joke.  When BAM came out, Patrick provided an already playable and enjoyable base game, and has rapidly improved and iterated upon it ever since.  This is early access done right.For those on the fence,TRY THE DEMO!It allows you to play unlimited amounts of multiplayer, with the caveat that you're only able to play on a select few maps with select weapons.  In order to maximize your chance at playing with other people, I highly recommend logging in during the weekends, or during the US daytime hours.  I know the lower player population can discourage some from buying BAM, but take some assurance in the fact that the game's populationhasactually sustained itself over the months despite heavy competition, instead of dying off like others have.To sum up, BAM is quite the diamond in the rough.  What it lacks in presentation, it makes up for tenfold in gameplay and the amount of content it offers, blowing its competition out of the water with the latter.  Had its marketability not been hamstrung by what I can only presume to be the generic name and mediocre graphics, I can confidently say BAM would be one of the most popular VR games right now.  Yes it's rough in areas, but damned if it isn't fun and endlessly replayable.  Buy the game, or just try the demo.  Either way, do yourself a favor and give BAM a shot!"
,Recommended,525640,30859154,Posted: 31 March,all,NastyAdam,I LOVE THIS GAME! It has a early 2000s nostolgia FPS feel and idk how... but i love this game more than Onward or Pavlov. The maps are incredible and the guns + scope addons are even better. The one thing i hate is the multiplayer is kinda lacking players more and more =[
76561198400718659,Recommended,525640,33685825,Posted: 20 July,all,CaptainRedthumb,"-If you like COD you'll love BAM-This game is awesome, super fun, lots of weapons, lots of attachments for them, latest UPDATE added parachutes and Helicopter TEST....  my only worry is the servers, they are concrete, but it's hard, NOT IMPOSSIBLE to find a LIVE game lobby, but you can always play agains BOTS (A.I.), their intelligence is decent and at time challenging, which is good. Loved the FREE DEMO, and more than gladly paid the $15 for the full version. Try it, spread the word, and the lobbies will be full in no time."
,Recommended,525640,31037615,Posted: 9 April,all,Psyx2,"The most fun I've had in VR - this is pretty much what Call of Duty would be like in VR. People have even made recreations of Call of Duty maps like Nuketown, Highrise and Shipment, as well as Counter-Strike, Halo and Unreal Tournament maps (Facing Worlds!). There are a lot of weapons and the maps are very well designed, and it's usually easy to find matches, especially on weekends. IMO this is better than Pavlov, at least right now - Pavlov doesn't have nearly as much content right now, and BAM has more weapon variety. For instance, the dev recently added a longbow, and the bow mechanics feel just as good as any VR archery game out there. It's insanely fun when everybody decides to play a bow-only match.On top of the standard DM/TDM/CTF game modes there's also a zombies mode that is some of the best fun I've ever had in a game period, let alone in VR. Totally worth the $15 if you want a VR multiplayer shooter."
76561197970581839,Recommended,525640,25410288,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,yermin5000,i love the target shooting range its like point blankthe forest takes way too long thoughi hope they make more target range stuff
,Recommended,525640,30604279,Posted: 18 March,all,Bill Laurence McGilliger Snr,"Bullets and More is my go to VR game. I've played over 66 hours since buying it 3 months ago. It's incredible, with more truly top quality content than many AA games.I've played first person shooters for years and after trying a shooting game in VR I was hooked. Bullets and More VR took that addiction to the next level. With it's numerous maps, exceptional mechanics and guns playing against fellow gamers is a true joy.One of the many things that make BAM so incredible is the gun mechanics, everything is fluid, smooth and intuitive. If you've ever fired a gun or have played enough FPS' using the weapons will be straight forward and easily become second nature as a result the fun flows naturally and you're never left feeling stupid having been unable to reload mid-firefight.The guns are accurate and powerful, making the experience realistic without losing the sense of fun inherant in a great game. New community created maps are constantly being added, meaning that you'll not only be met with new highly detailed immersive levels, but also old favourites or tributes to classic maps from days gone by. For an ""old school"" PC gamer maps like Rats from CS or Faces from UT are incredible, nostalgia filled things to experience in VR.The more you play this game the better it gets, the community is constantly expanding with committed players meaning that you regularly get to bump into familiar people making it a far more social game than it lets on. The developer is clearly committed to making a product that is fun above all else, and he's managed to do that without comprimising on quality in any area, an incredible acomplishment.With a constant stream of feature rich updates I'm regularly astonished by what my small payment got me. Supressors and attachments gallore, realistic body movement and ""Climby"" style climbing have meant there are constantly fun, intense and often hilarious gun battles happening.I'm yet to play a game that compares to Bullets and More in terms of replayability and constant guranteed fun.In short if you've loved Counter Strike, Unreal Tournament or Call of Duty and you want to bring that experience into VR there's only one game you need and It's BAM.If you're considering buying this game, stop thinking about it and do it. You won't regret it."
76561198022667736,Recommended,525640,30672965,Posted: 22 March,all,PontusEdberg,"Infininty amount of maps, all very fun, the comunity makes maps on the workshop.Lots of guns, 5 difrent gamemodes, 4 difrent kind of movements systems you can choose from.Highly recomend this game for anyone who is tired of the other Games with lack of maps.slightly negitive, playerbase mostly active during weekends but this is to be suspected with how few ppl own vr set."
,Recommended,525640,29485644,Posted: 25 January,all,Cyda,"Very fun multiplayer, reminds me of the old CS 1.6 days. It also has a load of decent weapons with realistic loading, a few single player modes plus a level editor. The dev is also really responsive and helpful, which is something that makes or breaks a early access title. I'd totally recommend this game and would suggest everyone at least tries the demo."
,Recommended,525640,30081034,Posted: 21 February,all,edooble,THIS IS THE BEST VR GAME EVER!!!!!
,Recommended,525640,28972149,Posted: 3 January,all,@Dicky Spanish,"ok gave the multiplayer a go and found someone to play death match against. Apart from getting killed a million times this is a lot of fun and needs more players.Simple graphics, fast fun game play, Team DM, DM and CTF all good and maps and heaps of fun.A Single player game and map editor all there if you want something else.Prefer this to Onward just find iot more fun so far.If you don't have this then get it or try the demo."
76561198337312330,Recommended,525640,30364548,Posted: 6 March,all,Q,"Absolutely love this game. Constant updates making it better every week. Really great community, and loads of fun."
,Recommended,525640,30452115,Posted: 11 March,all,bunK,"I can't believe I only just heard about this game today. The fun factor is through the roof. It's a very different style than Onward, more of an arcade shooter feel similar to counter-strike or call of duty. The reload mechanics are still there, weapon interaction is much better than Onward. You don't have to reach and grab to pull the slide back repeatedly because you keep ""missing"".The maps are very varied and extremely fun, there is even an editor in game and people have recreated some classics such as facing worlds from UT, and de_rats from counter-strike and they are playable online in multiplayer. I haven't had this much fun in a shooter since the first time I played quake online. I have seen people mention low player count, I honestly haven't been playing for enough days to say if this is an issue, but I was able to play on a full server in the US early on a saturday morning, not at all a peak time and there wasn't an issue with a lack of players.As for the things that could use work, this game needs a search and destroy/defuse the bomb mode. Right now it's just ctf or deathmatch, they are extremely fun but a single life mode would be well appreciated. Also the sounds need some work, there were times where the sound for my gun would cut out completely and I couldn't hear it. These are perfectly excusable for an early access game. Apparently the dev is really hard at work and I am really excited to see where this game goes.This is an absolute must buy for anyone who even remotely enjoys shooters."
,Recommended,525640,29425332,Posted: 22 January,all,Antique Acug,"This game is awsome actually I see it is better than onward ,it's shame that it's not as famous as onward :("
76561198363298952,Recommended,525640,31609192,Posted: 7 May,all,NORTHLONDONKILLAH,best game on vr by far and itsb going to get even better!!!!
,Recommended,525640,30735808,Posted: 25 March,all,ColonelHale,This has to be the best VR first person shooter i have player yet. However all everyone wants to play is this Virus mode. I am not a fan of this at all. I can't wait till everyone get over that and starts to play team deathmatch again.
76561198035965576,Recommended,525640,31047636,Posted: 9 April,all,Danger Desperado,"Fun shooter for VR, best game ever, even has an infection mode"
76561197976891575,Recommended,525640,31139957,Posted: 14 April,all,Insanity-of-Dave,Rating DescriptionExceptional: Prestigious game of the highest quality which exceeds expectation.Superior: Desirable game of excellent quality which meets all expectations.Agreeable: Functional game of sufficient quality suitable for intended use.Acceptable: Bearable game of only just passable quality. Not my preferred product to use.Inferior: Poor game of low-grade quality.Criteria DescriptionGraphics: The visual aspects and aesthetics of the game.Performance: How well does the game handle multi-tasking and performance under load.Reliability: Does the game run without crashing.Compatibility: Does the game function as intended with peripherals and general Software.Gameplay: Is the game enjoyable and replayable.================================================================RatingGraphics ☐ SuperiorPerformance ☐ ExceptionalReliability ☐ ExceptionalCompatibility ☐ ExceptionalGameplay ☐ ExceptionalOVERALL: Exceptional
,Recommended,525640,30623380,Posted: 19 March,all,Cardinal,Bullets and More is a fantastic game.Pros:Great gun mechanicsFriendly playerbaseIncredibly frequent updatesA large variety of maps and gamemodesCons:Somewhat small playerbase (although by buying the game you would fix that)Certain guns can be somewhat buggyVery minor physics issues
,Recommended,525640,30820562,Posted: 29 March,all,Aydin,"(If you're thinking of buying, just look at the hours people have reviewed have played. It speaks for itself.)I picked up my Vive last October. This is now my most played game. Great game, great dev, great replayability, easy to pickup.Why I like it:I bought it on Saturday (5 days ago)... It's very easy to pickup and the gameplay is smooth.The zombie mode is a huge blast and is the reason I got it! Playing as zombie you can scale everything and leap through the air. As a player you have to find good spots and cover each angle. Very fast paced rounds but exciting every time.Strangely though, going to TDM and other modes, I found myself having just as much fun as the Zombie rounds. So far, I've not liked any VR multiplayer shooter, having tried a few but this one for whatever reason is a lot of fun. The time to kill is spot on. The guns feel great and you can aim with one hand. Being able to jump from Zombie mode to TDM and back adds variety to the game. This makes it possible to play a lot longer and have a lot of fun.The community is awesome (there's a dedicated discord with around 30 people online at any given time, discussing the game). At the moment, you're more likely to find a game in the evenings (UK time) than in the day and on weekends, as most people are working and the Americans don't jump on till later.Anyway, I'm rambling.Here are some more bits of info:VR Features:Multiple movement modes (Teleport, Click and Slide, Point and Move)Climbing (players climb pipes, grapple handles and ladders, zombies climb walls)Single or double hand on 1 gun (useful for those without a gun stock)Dual wield & shootVOIPSupersamples to 1.6 on a 980TiGamemodes:TDM (Bog standard team deathmatch, equip your guns in the lobby, add the attachments, and get down to business)DM (Bog standard deathmatch)Classic DM (where you find weapons scattered around the map)Experimental gamemodes:Hostage mode (haven't played this one yet)CTF mode (haven't played this one yet)Zombie mode (1 or 2 players zombie, must infect all humans, infected humans become zombie too)Number of maps at least 30+ at the moment with more on the way.Number of guns: ~25-30Number of attachments: ~10-15The game feels like CS with Zombies & I believe the guy will create something similar to Garry's mod by the end of it. A game with lots of games within the game.Look much forward to seeing him developing it.Last bit, I gave the dev a small piece of feedback, to add a speaker icon or colour a players name differently when they talk so you can see it clearly ingame. The following day, he's added a speaker icon ontop of the players who talk. What a legend."
76561197980071577,Recommended,525640,30821835,Posted: 29 March,all,bmac1191,15 minutes.. all I needed to know that this game is awesome!
,Recommended,525640,31053365,Posted: 9 April,all,Chasefooo,"I bought this game after reading the reviews between BAM and the other top VR FPS. Highly recommended! I've only scratched the surface, but this game seems to have never ending content. All of this coming from one dev is pretty nuts. The map creator will have you playing new maps non stop.Excellent mechanics. I spent a decent amount of time just checking out all the firearms and practicing all of them in a house target range. Attatch your scope, flip down the bipod and crouch at the bench, pull back the bolt, and load some ammo from your pouch. Doesnt get better than that. Everything is pretty much pin point and adds a hefty amount of immersion.After giving all the guns a whirl and shooting target, I customized my avatar and height, and  jumped into an online death match. First thing i noticed was you had an actual radio strapped to you, and needed to use it to cycle between chat modes. Instantly intuitive and felt cool as hell. I started chatting with some super supportive cool fellas and learned some more mechanics.This was the first time I used the trackpad for motion rather than teleporting. While you can use teleportation locomotion, I was told to switch to track pad and agree it has the advantage. Flying around and jumping off structures left me feeling pretty nausous for the first time, but it will get better.I reccomend this to anyone fond of first person shooters, and am highly looking forward to the game growing."
76561197971717641,Recommended,525640,31069420,Posted: 10 April,all,Guero,"Must have VR title!!!!!!!!!The developer of this game is super active and is open to suggestions. Updates are steady, similar pacing to ARK. The gameplay is solid and there is a ton of content that you just don't get from similar VR games. (Pavlov) This game unlike many, many VR titles HAS A FUTURE!!!!I absolutely recommend this game if you're looking for something with replayability. If you like Counter Strike this is similar but with the added depth of VR. There is also an intuitive level editor for those who are creative. If you join the community there is a huge oppourtunity to get your level design into the game!"
,Recommended,525640,30969048,Posted: 5 April,all,UrbanGhost3,"BAM and Onward are the two best shooters currently in the vr market. I love them both, however, I tend to play more BAM simply due to the fact that I can respawn. This reduces waiting times and keeps me in the action the majority of the time I am playing. This coupled with the fact that the dev releases an update almost every week makes this game a great purchase. I highly recommend this to anyone who is new to VR or to anyone that wants a good VR multiplayer shooter experience."
76561198057655638,Recommended,525640,31088826,Posted: 11 April,all,Caforiss,"Wow. The pace of development, the new recurve bow thats actually balanced with the game, the amount of maps and the zombie and invected side game.  This game is excellent.  It stands in a small list of those i plug into everday, joining Onward, H3VR, and a few others.  Get the demo sure, but really, its a day one buy if you have a Vive."
,Recommended,525640,31003639,Posted: 7 April,all,Hieroller,"Super fun game, especially the virus mode where you get to be a zombie, and the developer constantly updates the game with new content"
,Recommended,525640,31098088,Posted: 12 April,all,Pvt. Parts,"-Bullets and More, or ""The Reason I Don't Waste My Time With Pavlov""Bullets and More is a must-have title for any VR gamer.It is a VR First-Person-Shooter that has tight, easy-to-learn gunplay with freedom of movement in the form of smooth locomotion (and a balanced teleport) and Climbey-like verticality set this game above other VRFPS games. You can crouch, prone, and climb ladders and handholds to attack and defend from any tactical angle.Zombies, you get to climb up and down any flat surface. Be the Spider-Zombieman.Like many VR FPS, your inventory is on your body and is denoted by bubbles where you can place any items such as guns, knives, bows, ammo magazines and shells, grenades, and even weapon attachments! You reload by reaching over to the pouches on your side and slamming the magazine into your weapon's empty magwell. There are many quality-of-life additions such as the ability to reload weapons in your inventory, or even change out magazines by simply ejecting the magazine and moving your weapon's magwell into a magazine on your inventory to load up a fresh one! You can even activate grenades on your person, or pull their pins one handed with your ""teeth""! Unlike Pavlov, your weapons actually hit where you aim them on your sights or on your scope, and your skill in managing recoil will determine if your shots hit.Bullets and More's inventory system is unique in that you can switch your hands from ""open"", and able to manipulate bolt actions, pistol slides, revolver chambers, charging handle, attachment lights/lasers, bow arrows, knives, grenade pins, and shotgun pumps. You can also draw or store weapons and ammo magazines  from your inventory and pouches while your hands are open. Switch your hand to ""closed"" next to a gun, and you'll have that gun attached and aimed to that hand, ready at the trigger. Take your offhand and put that next to the front grips of that gun, and you'll stabilize your gun and get a recoil control bonus. The great thing is that the offhand does not affect the aim of your primary hand on the trigger, and as long as you keep your offhand near the grip, you'll get the recoil control bonus. It takes a bit of getting used to, but the increased fuctionality is a godsend and alone sets this game apart from shovelware FPS like Pavlov.Did I mention you get to use a bow?There is a large variety of weapons, sidearms, and customizable attachments to choose from. Reload your long silver bullets into the well greased chamber of the powerful Revolver while in the middle of battlet, and hunt down your prey like an ocelot. Load up the magwells of an assault rifle such as the AKM, MK16, K5C and mow down your opponents. Harken back to the days of World War II with the M1 Garand and the Kar98k. Or even meet an old friend from Counter-Strike in the form of the L96 Arctic Warfare Police, also known as the AWP, and the Desert Eagle. There are 17 primary weapons and 6 secondary weapons to load out with along with three types of grenades and multiple attachments you can pick, choose, and even color/customize to your liking to really personalize your loadout. Every gun is balanced, and I can attest to the fact that I've seen every gun (Yes, even the Bow) top the scoreboards due to their user's skill.By the way, did I mention that there is a Bow that works just like you think it does? Well, now you can have the one fun thing from those terrible, cheap, shovelware archery wave shooters and play it in an actual game with full locomotion. Pull an arrow from your ammo pouch or even from the back of your shoulder like a QuiVRThe multiplayer game modes consist of Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Classic Deathmatch, CTF, and Virus Infection (Zombies), and there are more than 20 maps available for players to choose and shoot it out (or eat brains) on. THe beauty is that many of these maps were made in the level editor itself by the community and turned into actual maps for the community to enjoy and play. There are even old classics from FPS history such as Halo: Combat Evolved's Battle Creek, Counter Strike's Dust2, Office, and Vertigo, and even CoD: Modern Warfare's Nuketown and Rust. There are loads of locales to choose from and play on. At peak time, there's always a good server on to play with others, and the player count goes up to 12! That's 4 more than Pavlov AND Onward!THere is a bevy of single-player modes as well, such as Timed Target Shooting (I currently have the all-time for Bow, M249, MK16 and the AWP), Night Forest Survival (Night time wave shooter that takes place in a forest), Hologun (Holopoint with guns), Endless Breaching, Shooting Range, and the powerful Scene Editor where you can make your own multiplayer maps or single player scenarios by hand all in VR, and upload them to the workshop! You have access to all the tools that the sole developer uses to make maps, such as ladders, configurable AI with spawning behavior and difficulty, night-day, and even the ability to control whether ammo is infinite or limited!If this review doesn't persuade you to buy Bullets and More, there -is- a free demo that allows you to play with other demo players and even players that paid for the full version on specific maps, and includes some of the single-player modes as well.So there you have it: Superior, fast-paced and frantic gunplay and movement in equally expansive and growing multiplayer and single player modes, with up to 12 players on a server and a bevy of guns, gamemodes, maps, and ways to play with an option to try the free demo, or dive head first into the full $15 version.  Add the powerful scene editor for the community, with a very active developer and you've got a recipe for a game that keeps spitting lead faster than a machine gun."
76561198072168788,Recommended,525640,31051164,Posted: 9 April,all,Carpophorus,"I can't pull myself away from this game, the community is great, the community made maps are great, Gunplay feels great.It's a blast. If you're on the fence of which VR shooter to pick up, Give this one a try. Worth every penny and then some.(Spending more time in this than most other ""popular"" VR titles.)"
76561198123581839,Recommended,525640,31209695,Posted: 17 April,all,vidledoux,"Great game; huge selection of maps, extra cool because of all the climbing, giving a vertical layer to several maps; and the awesome game modes including virus."
76561198150725768,Recommended,525640,31564659,Posted: 5 May,all,DeGugs,"""I like to sort all of the fps's in the world into one of two classes. One is 'Battlefield' for games with plenty of team based elements and mechanics that give you the feeling of playing an important role in winning the game. The other is 'Call of Duty,' a violent bloodbath where you get one-hit-killed by 10 year old squeakers left and right. When I learned about items in the game like syringes, radio communicators, and a radar that displayed your teammate's health, I was certain that this would fall under 'Battlefield' but sadly, this game is way too 'Call of Duty.'""-DeGugs 4/21/2017This was the first paragraph of my original review ofOnward, a game that disappointed and frustrated me asCall of Duty Modern Warfare 2did long ago. However, for everyCall of Dutythere is aBattlefield.ThankfullyBullets and Moreis there to be thatBattlefieldby providing us with unique game modes, balanced guns that actually hit the guy you point them at, and a more cooperative community.Enlist today and together we will defeat the mainstream slaughterhouse simulator asBattlefield 1did toCall of Duty Infinite Warfare!We want you!"
,Recommended,525640,30963270,Posted: 5 April,all,ShatterElite,"This game is amazing, the community is a great group of guys trying to grow a game. It has a map maker and some maps that were remade are crazy cool, like halo's battle creek. There is also an infected game mode, think of it like zombie panic in VR, such a good game to play i highly recommend it. The game is updated weekly and it has way more content then pavlov. The server's are small but more and mroe people are starting to play and that ill go away in no time."
76561197972501993,Not Recommended,525640,31984354,Posted: 26 May,all,TwitchTVScomp64,A great VR game that is hamstrung by a low population.
,Not Recommended,525640,33933880,Posted: 31 July,all,Razika,"Its cool and gets a lot more love from the devs than I am used to seeing, with lots of weapons and create your own content.Sadly, between the fact that there is never anyone playing, and the goofy looking N64-esque player models, I ended up refunding and just hoping that Onward and Pavlov get better updates.I wish I could recommend it, especially to support the devs, but even if it was the greatest game on the planet, it doesn't matter if there are no players online."
,Not Recommended,525640,30606015,Posted: 18 March,all,CrazyAnimal75☭,This game looked good and I was excited to play it and when I got in I tried to load multiplayer and it didn't work it kept the loadung screen going
76561198153281784,Not Recommended,525640,32302465,Posted: 9 June,all,Miganator,This is a great game and thaks the good things from onward and pavlov and puts them in one but i cant recommend this game becouse it has such a small player base i tryed to find a game for 1.5 hours and wasnt able to find a game
54104817980617913,Not Recommended,525640,29918742,Posted: 14 February,all,TehStranger,"I only played once and it was fantastic....Although, the reason why I've only played it once is because everytime I go online, there are literally 0 players.... It's dead."
76561198150125615,Not Recommended,525640,32138505,Posted: 2 June,all,masterT.A.,cant reload gun without sliding to the left
,Not Recommended,525640,25599807,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Dafini,"A heap of features off the bat, but they all feel very, very rushed to get them out there instead of polishing after each addition.Its good to have a heap of content, but at least make sure what you have in here right now is consistent. I love the editor you have, but the content around it and for it is both glitchy and does not have the player feedback it can have.The editor? amazing. The guns? Might as well get back to HHH if you want that offered at the right level, because the ones here don't sound or even feel satisfying to shoot, down to their kinda choppy interactivity.Not reccomending for now. Please polish what is there before you add in more. Its a shame, because it looks like it can be a lot of fun once they are."
,Not Recommended,525640,32656282,Posted: 22 June,all,UltraPigBear,"I tried logging on after working during evenings around 10PM PST for an entire week to find an active game.  Unfortunately, it's a dead game. Steer clear."
,Not Recommended,525640,33758392,Posted: 23 July,all,GreiBush,"It has potential, and there are good things about it, but the mechanics need a ton of work.  Grabbing anything is the most annoying thing in the world.  The precision required for it is absolutely ridiculous.  The controllers are always wacking against each other while reloading, or doing anything involving touching a gun you're holding.  It's ridiculous.Don't bother commenting.  I don't care about your opinions."
,Not Recommended,525640,29364925,Posted: 19 January,all,Sokolov,"Buy it if you enjoy getting stomped 0-20 in multiplayer by experienced players.Graphics are sub-par even for a VR game, especially the night/dark map."
,Not Recommended,525640,30501282,Posted: 13 March,all,Snake Foresk1n,"Edit: This game is a classic example of ""The Asset Flip"", which features a variety of stock unity assets. Previously I claimed that the assets were stolen from Onward, but I am told that this is not true. In any case, stock assets are the hallmark of a garbage game.There was only one North American server to choose from when I tried to play during peak hours, and there were ZERO european servers to choose from. Meaning that I probably had more people reply to my negative review for this game than the number of active players this crap actually has.The gameplay is just a pointless TDM, complete with a load of immature mic spammers. It reeks of casual CS:GO culture, which seems impossible given how low the playerbase is. There are other game modes, but good luck ever playing them because no active servers exist for the game.Overall I'd say that this game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Not worth a cent.Review Edited 3/15/17"
76561198061701771,Not Recommended,525640,32689554,Posted: 23 June,all,thedevildoggamer,This is my first time ever reviewing a game so this says alot BAM VR is the most dog♥♥♥♥♥♥VR game out there. There is so much lag in the HMD that half the time you think you are having a seizure. Not to mention when you actually do get into a multiplayer game your fighting chinese dudes with 700 ping and getting killed before they even appear around a corner.And then to make it even more funny whenever you do get into a shootout with anyone there is like 2 seconds of micro lag when you pull the trigger and by the time it recovers you are dead.DO YOURSELF A FAVOR Get H3VR or Onward not this
76561198030691926,Not Recommended,525640,34826958,Posted: 8 September,all,Ryguy,"Played from an Oculus Rift. I could not for the life of me figure out how to shoot a gun. I spent half an hour in the tutorial pressing my thumbsticks in every possible direction hoping something would happen. Very poorly explained. I eventually got frustrated and requested a refund. If you make a gun game, for the love of god show people how to use them. It felt awkward and nothing about it was intuitive. Horrible teleportation as well."
76561198037126215,Not Recommended,525640,28393669,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Steel Alchemist,"The game itself was pretty good, it offered enough to keep someone busy for quite a while but the problem was that the controls didn't work 100% of the time. Theres a mode to grip something from a distance by sqeezing the grip button and there were times where you couldnt turn it on or off if your life depeneded on it. which is a glaring issue since the game demands speed."
,Recommended,525640,30777207,Posted: 27 March,all,Wolf Eater,"For reader I will quickly compare Onward, BAM, and Pavlov VR. Onward is the most realistic of the three. There are no respawns. BAM and Pavlov VR both have respawns and so are closer to modern day console or PC FPS like Call of Duty and battlefield.BAM and Pavlov VR both have more in common than either one has in common with Onward.Pavlov VR is *very* bullet spungey and often feels inconsistent in why sometimes you get the kill and sometimes you don't. Sometimes you will come up behind a person, unload your entire clip on them, not kill the person, the person turns around and shoots you three times and you're dead. Some people (apparently) love this. I don't. I prefer the targets to not feel like human bullet sponges and I prefer more consistency: so long as you can aim well you can have fun. For that reason I prefer BAM over Pavlov VR."
,Recommended,525640,29019184,Posted: 4 January,all,Xanoxis Do'Urden,"It's THE military FPS for Vive! A better Onward, recently getting traction on Steam. You don't stay on respawn screen forever, it's crazy fun to play, and game is optimilized. Many maps, weapons, and active development, with big list of stuff that will be added and already was added. Try it out, there even is a demo!"
,Recommended,525640,30047887,Posted: 19 February,all,Psythik,"Very fun. Fast-paced like Quake/UT. Similar controls as Onward, so it's good practice for that game since you respawn within seconds. Decent amount of maps, mostly based off of CS and CoD maps. Don't let the player count scare you away; there's always a full server to play in. Wish I had bought this sooner!"
76561197976153850,Recommended,525640,29752125,Posted: 6 February,all,FSP48,"This game offers the fun,  run and gun VR FPS  I was looking for.  My most memorable game I ever played online and had the most fun in was the original FEAR multi player and it's cool to finally find a game in VR that brings that same kind of fun back.  The people that I've met have been cool to BS with while hunting them down or with them on my team.  It does offer all the VR locomotion options although traditional style PAD for VIVE and Analog stick for Oculus is what all the players I ask are using and have wanted in a VR shooter.  If you like shooters and are tired of wave shooters and teleport than this is a no brainer purchase.  I seem to be one of the few with an Oculus and once I got my four USB sensors to cooperate, the comfort of the headset and ergonomics of the Touch controllers make this roomscale game pretty addictive.  This game really should be more well known about."
,Recommended,525640,29908316,Posted: 13 February,all,Wb@rL,commendedsecond best vr game after waifu sex simulator
76561198104895727,Recommended,525640,31328296,Posted: 23 April,all,karloz♔,"This is so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, why does not more people play this? This game is the best FPS online multiplayer VR game out there!"
76561198128097608,Recommended,525640,32736957,Posted: 24 June,all,GokuCanFly,really nice has bots and realistic not best graphics area wise but guns are greaqt movement and controls are great and has team deathmatch
,Recommended,525640,32640433,Posted: 22 June,all,CaptainBob,Really good VR shooter! Hopefully there will be more people playing soon. Also could use some more options when setting up games. Like WW2 only weapons or something like that. But definetly one of the best shooters alongside Onward. Keep up the good job guys!
76561197966643536,Recommended,525640,32604267,Posted: 20 June,all,[CNT] Malov,This game is some of the most fun I have had in a long time. It has a decent weapon selection and customization along with a lot of maps which is good. The only problem with this game is that the creator must be 4ft tall because walking through doors and looking out windows I need to kneel down which gets annoying. Other then that I highly recommend it.
76561198043662701,Recommended,525640,33645328,Posted: 18 July,all,Antares,"Quite fun. In terms of immersion it's not bad, 3D scale is a bit off though I am a fairly decently sized human but the in game character models feel as if they're giants when they stand quite close to you. AI isn't the best will generally charge right at you and not bother to take cover. Online community is a bit dead with only 1 - 2 servers being visible to me at any given time I checked. Aiming is a bit floaty at times which can make it challenging to aim.The main reason I got this game was so I could play against bots, while the bots aren't perfect and TDM game matches against AI don't give you too much customization such as increasing ticket count it's a pretty fun experience.Not perfect but if the dev continues down the path of integrating modability which extends beyond custom maps this game has massive potential."
,Recommended,525640,33624881,Posted: 18 July,all,thefishstick,Here's my firs time gameplay video:https://youtu.be/KgTYZi3H8FwI also review other VR games on my channel:www.youtube.com/c/thefishstickI'm a big fan of Pavlov and this game was recommend it to me so I picked it up. One thing right off the bat I noticed was the lack of multiplayer peoples. Pavlov generally has a couple of games going but I never was able to find an active game (whenever I was able to connect to the server).Aside from that the reloading works well and the mechanics were pretty slick. I only tried the spooky game mode and the Breach mode (which I thought was the most fun of the two). The breach I think could use an option in the future to make it more interactive with AI that can shoot back and stuff.I can't speak for multiplayer yet but hope to give it a whirl soon because I've heard good things.
76561198082798639,Recommended,525640,33598928,Posted: 16 July,all,the medic who never heals you,"i would honestly compare this game to being the VR version of ""unreal tournament"" pardon if i mis-spelled that"
,Recommended,525640,33672893,Posted: 20 July,all,Ez,"i love this game, compared to current vr shooters that have multiplayer servers, this is easily the best. Game isnt that buggy , know that i think about it i have never encountered a bug. The shooting is also pretty good being the reason that you probably bought the game. Would never think about returning this game, and also the developers are pretty consistent with releasing new updates and features"
76561197972539200,Recommended,525640,33892259,Posted: 29 July,all,Jump'n Shootman,Excellent multiplayer shooter. When configured right it has the tightest fps controls of any of the major VR shooters.
76561197993767912,Recommended,525640,33491057,Posted: 12 July,all,LazyTurtle,"A bit strange way to reload on oculus, but this game could have the potential."
76561198037834322,Recommended,525640,34447745,Posted: 23 August,all,Peps,Really fun game. Also the devs are active so that's dope.
76561198330848709,Recommended,525640,34468869,Posted: 24 August,all,Horror Chicken,"Never have I wrote a review before. I am also newer to PC gaming. Been on Xbox from 2003-2017. All those memories of playing FPSs, simulators etc doesnt compare. I have a ton of VR games. Nothing will make you feel like some demi-God while the heavens thunder heavy metal music as you slaughter dudes like this game will. This is THAT experience youve been waiting for. If you shoot in real life you may like this game. Once you get the controls down you are set and ready. Nothing like moving around the map, panicking wondering where the enemy is, then you round the corner, and pull the trigger on your shotgun and lift this guy off his feet and the blast send him through a window.10/10 Dev constantly updates."
,Recommended,525640,34423625,Posted: 22 August,all,WolfCam02,"Very underrated. This is probably the best vr game I have and few people play it. This is pretty much battlefield in vr with 2 vehicles and possibly more coming to the mix. You can play TDM, DM, Virus, CTF, GG, CDM as well as some other gamemodes on or offline (depending on whether the map supports bots). The developers are clearly working very hard to make a fun game and i'd like to see it grow. Please buy this."
76561198123432441,Recommended,525640,34415650,Posted: 22 August,all,Paul Blart,"Rlly a great fn game, flyin helicopters and♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198045757501,Recommended,525640,34209144,Posted: 13 August,all,JonRamboZ,Great FPS for VR.  If you want another one for the collection go ahead and get it.
,Recommended,525640,34691870,Posted: 2 September,all,w1ndbreaker,"Very rarely do I write positive reviews - this game needs more love. Excellent gunplay, easy to get stuck into. A definite must-buy for VR shooting."
,Recommended,525640,34822378,Posted: 8 September,all,thimodecraft,"A great VR shooter with an active developper, the only problem is that nobody plays in the EU so i have to join the US server with over 200 ping :("
76561198367562018,Recommended,525640,34912203,Posted: 12 September,all,SleazyT,"This game had decent graphics for VR, the guns look and handle great......The reason I would suggest other games in the genre is the toxic community that plays this game. On CTF there is only a single spawn point per team which quickly devolves into a chicken shoot. The developer could make random spawn points to fix this. I will periodically try this game out and see if the problems get fixed. Also, there is no team balance system so you can easily be pitted one vs five. As it is now, it's the only VR game I've played that makes me want to rage quit. Too broken at this point to justify it over Pavlov VR or onward. I will say that the vehicles are cool initially, but as these types of games progress it will be less and less unique, and all that's left is a game that can't do even the most basic multiplayer right (random spawn points)Suggestions for improvement:-Make random spawn points around bases in CTF-Give each player an ammo count and put ammo supply points in the map (no camp and kill indefinitely)-Team balancing (force balance if player count ratio is greater than 3:1)-Lower hit points on vehicles (It seems impossible to shoot a helicopter down)The gameplay is pretty good if you find the right lobby, but it only takes one person exploiting the game mechanics to ruin it.......and there's always that guy!Update 9/13/17:After a few more hours of play, I've decided there is a lot more to this game than meets the eye. The amount of game modes are enough to set this apart from others in the VR FPS genre. The developer is one of the best in regard to support. While there's some polishing left to do on this title, it is in EA for a reason. I absolutly recomend this game!i7 3770k @ 4.5GHZGTX 1080 FTW16 GB RAM"
,Recommended,525640,35482749,Posted: 4 October,all,Xipheas,"Absolutely great fun, well worth the price!Less hardcore than Onward - I tend to alternate between the two games for different experiences."
76561197971977149,Recommended,525640,35431086,Posted: 2 October,all,NoobieKuan,Serveral fun game modes. Modding community is growing. I can see a bright future for this game. Best of it's kind for the price.
