user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,525700,31656524,Posted: 9 May,all,Dawmino,"Went into this wanting to like it, but it is hard to recommend for a few reasons.I'll start with what I do like. It's cute, pretty looking, and there does seem to be a good variety of creatures, some rarer than others. I think I enjoy it -just- enough to see my story playthrough to completion. It's ""interesting"" to mess with for a little while.And that is about it on the positives.In the game, you mold terrain and use special powers to affect the ecology of a plot of land.Depending on what you do, you can lead creatures and plants down different evolutionary branches.This seems like it would be very engaging, but when you realize that most of what happens in this game is very cosmetic, it'll begin to wear thin. You will spend a disappointing amount of time just watching the map spin around as the game counts up the years in fast-forward mode while giving you a readout of what species are thriving or struggling. The creatures do literally nothing except wander around and pull food out of thin air to chew on. There's no real emergent systems or interaction to be enjoyed. You are forced to float over to new creatures to ""capture"" them or else they don't ""count"", which logs them in your library and grants you XP.Leveling up gives you a higher capacity of points with which to edit terrain (which is pointless because you can easily regenerate them for free) and eventually larger-and-larger square cursors (there's no circle tool, ugh) to edit more terrain at once.The controls are strange and a bit awkward. You'll probably want to use a gamepad, and even then it's a struggle. The music is ambient and reptitive to a fault.The story is... well it might as well not be there. It's nonsense. Just an excuse to guide you as you travel down the evolutionary path.And this is a bit of a personal gripe, but the game plays way too fast and loose with actual science. You can probably get some nice info from the creature descriptions, but its hard to tell how much of it is legitimate fact, when the Australopithecus is described as a primate that has eaten the ""Fruit of Knowledge"" (an in-game item). I feel there is a wasted opportunity to teach people about evolutionary science, as that is SORELY needed in these days of fundamentalist religion attacking science. Though I can understand that this is not so much of an issue in Japan, where this was made.I think what could have saved this game for me is a more robust evolution model that is able to produce non-existing animals, perhaps by mixing and matching parts and colors. Creatures do not adapt to their environment, they simply appear when specific conditions are met to give rise to them. At least with dynamic evolution I would feel like a specific playthrough was unique. However, traversing down the tree is not going to give you many different results. The vast majority of creatures are pallette swaps of the same 30 or so models. And they sort of rely on eachother to progress in a linear fashion. If your playthrough is different from someone else's, it's only due to the way you shaped the land and the creatures you may have neglected to evolve, rather than any you have uniquely come up with.I can't recommend spending $30 on this game, which will apparently go up after the release sale is over.If it was something you could get for 5-10 dollars, it's a neat little toy, but not much more.Due to a lack of meaningful content or interaction, I'd have to tell you to skip this birthday, cause the cake is only half-baked."
76561198092299899,Not Recommended,525700,32303644,Posted: 9 June,all,Capa,"I watched a few You Tube Let's Plays (Wanderbots and Aavak) of this and it looked interesting. Reviews (and the Let's Players) mentioned issues with the game and that's why I bought it on sale (still a hefty £26).As I can waffle at international level, I'll do a quick review then a longer one with bullet points which I feel the developers need to address before doing anything else to the game like DLC.Short version:- You'll either like the graphics or not, you don't need to buy the game to figure that out, check You Tube- Play the beta version; it has more adaptability to the key configuration if you're using a mouse and keyboard- The controls are abysmal and the tutorial does not in any way help you with learning the controls because it ALWAYS assumes you're using a controller. This is really shoddy work on the part of the developers and should have been fixed before release- The mouse cursor is laggy; presumably down from a bad console port. Also should have been fixed before release- Has great potential but the lack of polish just screams ""can't be bothered"" by the developers- Absolutely not worth full price- Definitely wouldn't purchase DLC until the quality of life issues have been addressedYes, my play time is short. Because I got fed up with the controls and the game ignoring that I've got a PC version not the console version. And I'll be honest; at least 30 minutes of my play time was me using the wiki to find out how to do what the tutorial insisted that I do (EG open a certain menu). Which says a lot about the game.Long version:I saw Let's Plays, I read reviews and as it was on sale (still a hefty £26), I was very torn whether to buy it. I'm torn whether to return it because it has such great potential.However, the start of the game is so unhelpful, so badly presented and generally so poor, it doesn't engage you, just frustrates you.The intro story and graphics are lovely. The music (at that point) is atmospheric. But once you get into the 'tutorial' it all goes wrong.- The entire tutorial presumes you're using a controller. So it doesn't give you any idea of what to press if you're using a PC. I had to use the WIkiI've been gaming for 30 years (before mice were a thing), I always use a mouse/keyboard (I have a HOTAS and a Logitech G13 and I prefer the mouse/keyboard). I play a lot of games where there are lots of key combinations and I don't have an issue with that. Usually I can remap them in a way they make sense to me and I'm good. But this game's controls are an incomprehensible mess.- If you remap the keys, it doesn't tell you that it's still assigned to something else- It isn't clear what each button meansThere are a lot of menus and options. It isn't clear what each one does. So you remap ""Pan Left"" in Macro mode to A and then have to find out how to get the camera to do the same when in View mode. Why? Am I likely to want the latter bound to B and L shift?The tutorial is not helpful. And you can't break out of it and just press random buttons to find out what happens ... you are literally STUCK until you hit upon the right combination of keys.- The tutorial doesn't know what it's doingIt isn't teaching you the controls, it isn't teaching you how to play the game. It a long winded hoop-jumping process which basically caused me to give up.I really want to like this game. I really want to play this game, but I am not going to spend three hours sorting out key bindings and playing 'guess what the tutorial wants' because someone couldn't be bothered to actually port their game properly. That was incredibly lazy. I wouldn't accept it from a £5 game and from one at £32 full price, it's inexcusable.I sincerely hope the devs do update the tutorial. That the game shows what controls are required if you're using a PC.- They need to have pop ups on screen when you hover over iconsUntil then, this game isn't worth it.And I just made up my mind to go for a refund."
76561197987065581,Not Recommended,525700,31662273,Posted: 10 May,all,Xiane,"Is Birthdays the Beginning a good game? Is it for you? Maybe. While I definately give the game a thumbs up for being what it was suppose to be it does come with cautionary tales that forces a thumbs down. For the initial launch.First off the positives.Graphically its cute, if you're expecting Jurassic Park level dinosaurs with blood and gore you'll be sorely disappointed. This is very heavily cartoon based and while the initial land mass can look very drab it's mid-late game that your 'world' will be covered with dense foilage and fauna. It WILL look beautiful once you get into the guts of it.The tutorial does a decent job of explaining what you need to do to expand your worlds life forms. Giving you both the terraforming method and the cheatie items to achieve the same goals so you have plenty of options for adjusting temperature/land shape.On the negative side:1) If you have an on board intel graphics setup you run the risk of the game defaulting to it rather than your shiney powerful graphics card. That's where 99% of the performance issues are coming from.2) It's an obvious console port as the controller setup is by far better than the keyboard and mouse layout. A drunk gerbil could have come up with a better control scheme for keyboard and mouse than the devs did. If you can play it with your controller. Couple this with the fact that alot of the tutorial directions mention controller tech even when you're using keyboard and mouse (dunno about anyone else but neither my keyboard nor my mouse has a left stick)3) At the time of this writing there's no exit button. If you don't want to task manager it or alt f4 you're forced to run in windowed mode. Apparently in porting over to the PC the devs forgot we generally don't power down our systems to switch games. Hell most consoles don't even do that anymore.4) There is no customization for graphics/controls. It may be put in later but you're kinda stuck at the moment with what is given to you in both issues 1 & 2. So in essence if you're defaulting to the wrong gpu you are pretty much up the creek without the paddle. Don't like the PC controls your only option is to switch to the controller.On the meh side.Alot of people complain about the price of this title. But its the same with every game, you have the no job wonders wanting every game for under five bucks if they can get it. Is 40 bucks canadian a bit steep for what this game is? Maybe. But no less than 60-80 bucks for No Mans Sky was. If you like what the title gives you its very much worth the price and will be even more so when the devs figure out the gpu defaulting issue and stop pigeon holing us master PC race players into using the dumb♥♥♥♥♥controllers.Seriously you bums get a job and suck it up. Might mean you have to lay off the starbucks triple triple grande lattes for a bit though...In summary while I give this a thumbs down, it has POTENTIAL to be great once the devs fix their slack. For the time being I can plod along through the horrendous controls but I do look forward to being able to rebind these things in future."
,Recommended,525700,31650432,Posted: 9 May,all,SoulfulPumpkin,"Birthday the Beginning is a lighthearted game, with a soft look, and very casual gameplay. You can go at your own pace, building your world, creating every last detail, adding items to your world, and making small tweaks to encourage the next evolution you are looking for. You can move time forward at your leisure, and take as much time as you want exploring the world you have created, observing the lives of each creature living in it.The controls, at times, are a bit against the player. Sometimes, you’ll want to move the camera forward, only to move it into a wall or the floor, and the movement animations sometimes don’t line up with what you are inputting on your keyboard or controller. While this isn’t a big problem, it does sometimes take away from this authentic world the developers have created.The graphics are simplistic, but instead of this being a drawback, this is a big gain. It allows us to focus on your creations. The simple look fits well with the mechanics, as well as make the game feel less catastrophic with too many detailed things moving at once. The animal and plant animations are also smooth, and flow. There are some things, like how when an animal eats, the food appears in front of them, with no real transition.The world sizes are rather constrained, and I would like it if there were bigger world options. Once you really start building separate regions, you realize how small the world is. This might just be a problem on my side, though, as I tend to like huge worlds to slowly develop. However, this does allow you to focus only on a small section, and trying to develop the world in which only your most favorite creatures live in. You have a choice on what animals and plants you want in your very limited space, so this could be a purposeful choice.The sound design is fantastic. Sound effects are good, and give a real sense of “You did it!” when you level up etc., and the sound when you go from macro to micro is so satisfying. The music is very melancholy and laid back, adding to the atmosphere of the game as a whole. Each animal (and plant?) has their own set of sound effects to go along with their animations, and they are pleasant, but at some times, stereotypical (?). I really don’t have anything else to say about sound, as overall, it’s quite solid.Overall, this game is a joy to play, and hard to put down. The game is simple, yet offers much depth in the way you build your world, and manage things like temperature etc. This game is good for anyone who wants to have a relaxing time, with no stress, and also has a fascination with evolution or geography."
76561198030999906,Not Recommended,525700,31652237,Posted: 9 May,all,TheImmortalCynic,"I was really excited for this game after watching some Lets Plays of it, but having got it...  yeah, definitely wait a bit longer on this one. Despite being well above the minimum specs the frame rate was very poor. In a 1280x720 window it's just about tolerable, but the mouse still feels like it's being dragged through syrup a lot of the time. Given this is just looking at the miniscule tutorial world, I'm not too optimistic how it's going to run on larger worlds.Another major problem is that this game is an obvious, and incredibly inept port from the PS4. Playing this on a PC with mouse and keyboard is pretty horrible at present. ""Features"" include completely unintuitive controls such as N for main menu, K for inventory etc, and is made extra fun to figure out by the fact they didn't bother to change the tutorial messages for PC. Yeah, you're going to be skipping through a lot of instructions on how to use the PS4 controller. Also, you have the fact the mouse axis is randomly inverted in the Micro mode relative to the other modes, with no settings to fix this (or pretty much anything else).Just to show how much testing went into this version, there's one rather obviously missing feature - there's no way to exit the game! The only available options take you to the title screen from which you only have New/Load/Settings. So it's either run windowed and hit the X in the corner, or be prepared to use Alt-F4 as the exit control.Hopefully they'll patch up the control scheme and other issues, and I'll actually be able to play the game properly in future. But if you're considering buying this I'd say definitely don't hand over the money until they do some major patching (especially given the rather steep price tag for a game of this type)."
,Recommended,525700,31757916,Posted: 14 May,all,Barabbi_Dragon,"Virtually required:1. Play the game with a controller (I did so with an xBox 360 controller).2. The desire to play a game that is a mix of the terrain sculpting ability of a city simulator, the ""control evolution"" (this time, of the world... instead of a single creature) of Spore, with a bit of single player strategy game dynamics (keep watch on temperatures, land types, and moisture levels.  Get this creature to unlock the next in the ""tech tree"".)Pros:1. Simple to learn2. Once you get used to them, the controls are intuitive.  Further, it has a good ""first campaign"" to teach you to do so.3. Overall: Fun (if you generally like games, as described, above)Cons:1. A few translation errors still exist in the game.2. (Related to above) Could use some better wording on some organisms to know whether you need to mutate or evolve them.3. Some of the Steam achievements will take some considerable time and multiple playthroughs.Play example (as relates to Cons, 3):After playing the first campaign to unlock free build mode, I began a huge cube (world) that ended up being a bust without significant rework.  As a result, using what I had learned, I started a second huge world (in order to save time with realistic terrain sculpting).  After 36 total hours activately playing the game (of which 26.5 hours were on the second world), and with active use of the mutate and evolve (NOW, not wait on natural evolution) items, I had seen and ""captured"" every single organism at least once.An apparent benefit of capturing every organism is to unlock infinite hp, which will significantly help complete some of the Steam achievements.  (One chain of them is to accumulate 1 billion, then 3 billion, cube years.  Using my huge world on my pc, which will run 270k cube years per minute, the world will need to run... in fast forward... for a bit over 61 hours just to complete the 1 billion one.)  ...  This is why I consider some of the achievements as cons.Overall:I have, for years, followed the rule that ""for every US Dollar I spend on a game, I need to get one hour of enjoyment from it.""  I got it on sale for the $29.99 price, and played 36 hours as of this message.  Money well spent."
76561198092404398,Not Recommended,525700,31676352,Posted: 10 May,all,JPzombies,"In the beginning I honestly wanted to refund this game, and tried to. The mechanics and everything to me was so hard to comprehend. It took me 8 hours to understand even how to complete the second mission. So in general if you are not the brightest at times like I am keep trying. This game was so much fun, and I kept getting the feeling of excitement after every birthday.Pro'sA fun interactive background simulatorCartoonish figures that remind me of when I watched the flintstones, even the concept reminds me of the flintstones.Con'sLearning curve is really steepFun but not worth shelling out $30 or $40It feels like a one time game, where you play it beat it then never touch it again.I still cannot recommend this game for the price and learning curve, but it was super fun so if it ever drops to $20 get it. Drop what you are doing and buy this game for that price!"
76561198025010277,Not Recommended,525700,31692805,Posted: 11 May,all,Miratha,"There appears to be a common theme among these reviews that I agree with. It's a great idea, with a very poor execution. The controls are horrible and very non intuitive. The tutorial is slow and boring and I grew tired of the ""talking"" noise very quickly. Just trying to exit after I had set it to fullscreen showed me how little the creators care about the usability of their game."
76561198012628020,Recommended,525700,31652470,Posted: 9 May,all,Taklu,"Edited after playing for a good amount of timeWARNING. This game is not optimized for the PC as of posting this, but a Hot Fix is to be expected. It's a shame to see that it is taking some time to get it fixed, but is priority TOPIC... They are working primarily fixing performance issues, but the other main issues are at least being discussed on how to resolve them.As a Launch title the 25% discount makes sense as the Keyboard binds are extremely janky with no real way to change them, no way to legitimatly Exit the game and the Keyboard tutorial including Joystick comands. It just screams shotty Console Port.There are of course some work arounds like Shift+Tab Exit Game option or Alt+F4, and manually remaping using other means.After putting in a few hours into the game it has really been enjoyable. It can be fickle at times to figure out what the best way to get requirements for new life to be met along the way of terraforming, but tempertare change takes time and once something is born their Adaptation Tempetures help creatures stay alive. While you may encounter creatures being created than going extinct repeatably over a short period of time, I found that some other hidden criterea have yet to be fully met like food source or just poping into the wrong location of the map.As the game progresses things get easier I really do like how they did the story mode, starting with a small cube with a limited objective requireing less to worry about during the growth of the world. As you change chapters you keep your old cube and simply expand upon it so that you don't have to completely start over. They also added some achievements for you to get during story mode like don't use any Evolution Seeds, or Finish by 5million cycles.Expanding the the gameplay there are items that make the game EASIER and are not really necessary to be used. There are a few items that are required like River Source or Broth of life, which I wish they did something else with the how to use some of the items. Some items are well balanced in my opinion like Stones that change the temperature. I personally haven't used them as I enjoy terraforming, but from what I understand you can only use one of each type at a time and it effects a certain area around the stone. This is cool for different ecosystems around the cube. Theretically you could have one part of a cube colder  while the other side is much hotter. I will definetly play around with this in the future as different parts of the Evolution Tree requires tempertures ranging from 20*C to 45*C.To expand upon the Evolution tree, it turely is expansive. You really get a feel of creating your own world and eco-system. There are 5 seperate trees to expand upon with sub-branches of each creature at the least 3 times including dead end branches. The Evolution tree really does show they spent a lot of time researching and planing on how to best lay it out for quality gameplay development and diversity. Each creature gives a little bit of a discription and the details of requirements to be birthed and survive alond with a Rarity of up to 9 Stars, they enterestingly chose to give different colors for the stars ever 3 Stars. A bit odd and can be confused at first glance, but it does make it a lot easier to view how many stars it is.All in all this is a quality game that is worth the price that will easily fill 20 hours of gameplay. This game has great replayability and expansion options that they do wish to expand upon the game. Whether that is a sequel or a DLC that is yet to be known, but I would look forward to whatever they choose to add to the game.TL;DR if you are looking for a quality peaceful game to just relax and play and really enjoy God Games or City Builders or just simply fascinated with Creatures of old and the development of the world I would strongly suggest this game."
,Recommended,525700,31688417,Posted: 11 May,all,lindenparker,"I would tentatively give this game a thumbs up. In the couple of days since it was released, I have played way too many hours.First, the many negatives:- This game has clearly not been fully implemented for PC and keyboard & mouse. The tutorial talks about using the 'left stick' and 'right stick', which makes it even more difficult to understand the controls. The key bindings are at best tricky and at worst terrible: the game uses WASD for moving, arrow keys for moving the camera (the mouse does this too, but very slowly), and XFGHJKLI for menu selections. For some reason, I (i) is used for both favouriting items and switching between macro and micro, which means you end up with a load of favourites, and have to be extra careful not to press J and use them accidentally.- The menu system is very difficult to navigate. To get to the important Library 'tree', you have to open the menu, then game info, then library, then tree. Then click on it before moving using WASD. From the main menu, to load a freeplay game, you can choose settings from a previous play, but it's difficult to work out what you're deciding on.- Game saves can't be personalised.- Graphics settings don't load the next time you load the game (the settings are saved, but you have to re-select them).- There's no ""Close game"" so exiting from fullscreen means closing the program from Task Manager.- Pressing 'esc' on static cut scenes does nothing.- Some of the animal and flower models need more work. Megatherium just looks like any other bear, and the early avians all might as well be 3D clipart of a duck.- The tutorial is a chore.- It's called 'Birthdays the Beginning'...- The early humans in the game are white, for some reason.And now the positives:- The game is addictive. Really addictive. You just want to keep playing to try and get the next creature.- The game mechanics for 'birthing' and extinction work well. They're really well thought-out, mostly relying on temperature, humidity and elevation, but with other factors (such as co-existing species) thrown in. Amazingly unrealistic, but a great game mechanic! In order to get the next species on a tree, you end up dropping the temperature to balance the pre-existing organism, and the one you want it to evolve into.- Some of the animal sprites and animations are really brilliant! And the whole landscape is beautiful.Recommendation to gamers- Yes, the game is expensive. This sort of game, I would usually play no more than £20 full price (I paid £26.24, full price is currently £34.99). Check out people playing this on YouTube, and if you like the look of it, you'll probably enjoy playing it.- Don't expect a realistic evolution simulator. Not only is this a game, it's definitely not science. (The idea that evolution was 'aiming for' humans, and that we are the final or best is rather silly. Adaptation and evolution are far more random and unpredictable than this.) But don't let that stop you from playing.- Don't expect a perfect game.Recommendations to the developers:- Go back and completely re-do the controls and tutorial specifically for keyboard and mouse.- Expand the creatures available. For a game covering the entire history of life on earth, you'd expect it to have a bigger 'Dex' than a handheld Pokémon game.- Let players have a heat stone AND a cool stone simultaneously. It's a little thing, but so irritating.- Tone down some of the sound effects. I've got Tetris effect Close Encounters stuck in my head. And that sprint ('increased movement') sound effect is very irritating."
76561198074711144,Recommended,525700,31716785,Posted: 12 May,all,Lillixana,"I absolutely love this game! I will admit that the 40$ price tag is a bit steep, but I got it on sale for 30. I have played 20 hrs already. It is definitely a CASUAL game, so if you need a lot of story and action then this game is not for you. If you like to slowly build worlds, terraform, see cute creatures, and play god then this is for you. The computer controls for this game are garbage, but I have heard thru the grape vine that they are working on that. If you do not have a controller to play with I would suggest waiting because the frustrating controls will ruin the game. The game runs beautifully! I loved zipping around the world like a super saiyan, but I have heard it lags a bunch for low end computers (don't know for sure)"
,Recommended,525700,31654706,Posted: 9 May,all,MoonPhase,"Its a PS4 port... so... teething issues? however I do recomend this game and with a few quality of lfe tweaks to get it running correctly for PC users the game will be awseome. Will update as I play but I wanted to get this out so people can get a vibe. My main problem with the game IS technical.Let me start with the cons- When I first opened the game the lag was so unbearable I considered a refund. I fixed this though by going into my graphics card settings and turning vsync off for the game.-I don't know who created the key bindings but they make no sense to me. I switched to controller pretty soon after I started playing and its greatly increased my enjoyment (Think Dark Souls 3 level of making the game harder to play than it should be.. I mean dark souls is hard anyway but the controls..sheesh)Pros!-Once you get the hang of what does what its fun to play around with.-The art side is cute and feels retro in a good way.-Its exciting to see what other animals pop up when your aiming for another.-The story (so far) is intresting enough though the main focus is on getting humans, the 'story mode' adds a little narative as to why.Honestly after two hours I want to play more of this game and i'm exited to see the next animal to appear on my little world!"
76561198059788558,Recommended,525700,31706515,Posted: 12 May,all,ΩryasmiΩ,"This game is great but it's plagued by several problems that prevent it from living up to it's full potential.NEGATIVES- First of all the UI is just awful and makes world building a very tidious and time consuming task which is horrible considering that the game revolves around this concept. The key bindings are at best tricky and at worst terrible: the game uses WASD for moving, arrow keys for moving the camera (you can use the mouse to do this too, but it does so really slowly), and XFGHJKLI are for menu selections. I (i) is strangely used for both switching between Macro & Micro modes and favoriting items in the item select, which means you'll probably end up with a ton of favorite items, just be careful to not press J and use them by accident. This game really needs to make use of shortcuts in it's UI to make menu navigating easier. Also game saves can't be personalized which means you'll end up with the load menu being cluttered with saves and with no way to delete any of them. The tutorial was a bit of a chore and really held your hand for the first 15-20min of gameplay and the Freeplay mode could use some work as well. Some of the creature models could be improved, as many similar species of animals use the same model just colored differently. I was also disappointed that there were some scientific inaccuracies in the games library entries such as Dimetrodon being the first reptile or Plesiosaurs and Pterosaurs being dinosaurs. I also wish that there was a larger variety of Dinosaur species instead of the six currently present. There are also a few bugs present in the game but that's to be expected from any game on opening week.POSITIVES- Despite the negatives this game is very addictive and there are so many possibilities for different worlds to create and what lifeforms will be born. Some of the animal models and animations are amazing and help add a little bit of beauty to the world. The game mechanics for birthing and extinction work well. It's a well thought-out mechanic, mostly relying on the worlds temperature, humidity and elevation, but with other factors such as pre-exsisting species thrown in. In order to get the next species on a tree, you end up dropping or raising the temperature to balance the pre-existing organism, and the one you want it to evolve into. This can be a pain sometimes when you want to maintain the current ecosystems but it works very well.I believe that after a few updates to fix controls and other aspects of gameplay this will become a very very good game."
76561198040846600,Not Recommended,525700,31693403,Posted: 11 May,all,lpacphantom,"I think this is the first game I've ever reviewed on Steam and it's just so disappointing that I had to review it. The UI is one of the worst I've ever used. The tutorial (which is easily half an hour of hand holding) is clearly intended to guide you through a console considering most of the controls they tell you to do are for controllers. I say most because they sometimes did remember I was using a keyboard. The controls themselves for keyboard are total nonsense anyways and I wouldn't recommend (if you get the game despite my recommendation) to use a controller.The core mechanic of the game is to raise and lower the terrain to raise and lower the temperature. And then wait. A lot of waiting. The game feels more like it's just luck, though I'm sure there are some rules governing the change in temperature and the rise and fall of the creatures that inhabit the world.I was really looking forward to this game, but it's just been a huge letdown. I am going to be returning it immediately after posting this review."
76561198031396231,Not Recommended,525700,31846452,Posted: 19 May,all,Nalidus,"I love this game, but there is a massive issue with it.  It has an always online component.  Even if Steam is offline, the game is not playable.  Terrible implementation for a console port game.  So, until this is removed, I will keep not recommending this to potential buyers."
76561198031462738,Not Recommended,525700,31650481,Posted: 9 May,all,The Wide Stone,"-Edit-Nope, updating my graphics card driver did not help this time.-/Edit-One of the most catastrophic console ports I have seen in many a year.The input delay was only in windowed 800 by 600 halfway tolerable, but the fonts became hard to read and I got a headache quickly. Anything bigger and the input delay went up to over a second.Granted, my computer is not the latest model, but that's what graphics options were invented for. But, not here. Nothing. No option to get rid of VSync (which, in similar cases, has always fixed or at least greatly improved the input delay), no Anti-Alias option, nothing. And those are quite basic, I might add.I only have not yet refunded this because it's the game I've been waiting for for decades. Though, I am very much on the fence here. At the moment, DEFINITELY not recommended."
76561198115079540,Not Recommended,525700,31659832,Posted: 9 May,all,Flash,"Lot of potential for this game as seen through videos posted by youtubers and other players. However, I bought the game but am unable to play it even though I have the game's recommended settings.PLEASE read this before buying:The game at this stage is far from complete even though this is not an early access title1. Currently the game has severe performance issues and is recommended only to users who have really high specced computers (16 GB RAM, i7 CPUs, top of the line GPUs)2. The Save feature has not yet been implemented in the game. I know that it was just released, but this is unnacceptable for a 'fully released game' which is not the same as 'Early Access' titles3. For a Sandbox type game with some replayability value, the price is too much even during its current 25% off sale eventI dont recommend this game right now. Wait for some more time until the dev completes more of its features before you decide to buy. I will change my review once this is completed"
,Recommended,525700,31735607,Posted: 13 May,all,Shadow,"Birthdays the Beginning is a game where you have to constantly be looking. You have to investigate the cube, watch the temperature, environment, populations, and library for information. You have to keep an eye on the three to see how all lives connect to one another. And, if you really watch along the way, you’ll actually learn something. You’ll see how life evolved and watch adorable versions of extinct and ancient creatures."
76561198006474236,Not Recommended,525700,32270941,Posted: 8 June,all,Vitriol,"This game could have been good but sadly the faults in it make it pretty terrible instead.  I have no issues with the general gameplay, pace etc etc.  I have only two real issues with this game -1) The storyline is a huge waste of effort, it is not only rubbish but completely unnecessary, games like this do not need one and it just slows down the playing.  Plus the helper Navi has quite literaly the most annoying sound ever given to something as a voice - it makes your ears bleed and I found myself skipping throught the dialogue as fast as possible just to get it to go away.  Which makes trying to learn the controls even more painful - see below.  This is an annoyance but could be over looked.2) The controls are the worst I have ever used in any game EVER!  Seriously there is no key-binding or even a way to normalise axis so you are stuck on inverse whether you want to be or not - have fun with that.  The tutorial tells you a mix of controller and keyboard controls for example. Press K - fine, Use your left stick - what?  And this mishmash of controls are displayed too.  This is game-breaking at least for me and I gave up after 3 hours of battling and admitted defeat.This could have been great and on a console (or with a controller) probably is but on a PC with a mouse and keyboard you are just fighting against the devs who have done the laziest or certainly the worst ported controls I have ever had the misfortune of using.Do yourself a favour and spend your money elsewhere at least until they fix the controls."
76561198107553551,Recommended,525700,31652181,Posted: 9 May,all,Iron Lady,"I don't know what's up with people's computers because i got very nice fps.Core i5nVIDIA GTX 960M8 GB RAMLaptopVery fun game, but i still have not gotten the first plant yet, im either bad or it is actually hard.I will get it eventually, and for the guys who posted negatives: The game came out today, don't expect it to be flawless araight.Only thing i did not like is the length of the tutorial, kinda spoils the first creatures, and i feel like i didn't need to be that long.So far i like this game, you are god, you fu** up or succeed, somehow i don't fu** up or succeed, im like in the middle rn:/I will agree that the game is overpriced, but i will get mha paycheck in not too long so i bought it :DI feel like the game is worth maybe 16-20 dollars."
,Not Recommended,525700,31674191,Posted: 10 May,all,. ᴠᴏɪᴅɪʀɪᴜᴍ .,"I absolutely love these sort of games and really wanted to play, and saw the negative reviews were about the port.I decided to give it a try because ... hey they're selling it on the PC it can't be that bad, right?It was that bad. Even on the lowest graphics settings with the smallest screen resolution the game chugged like I was running it on a computer from 2005.  And the fix the devs posted didn't work at all.I can play fallout 4 with maxed graphics + beautification mods. What gives?"
76561198053823599,Not Recommended,525700,31779543,Posted: 15 May,all,FalloutKitty,"I really want this game, but it lags so hard like the other reviewers say. The controls were okay but I'd play on a controller, if iI could. I went into the game thinking my pc could run it, but even on beta settings, it was so laggy. I'll get for the PS4, least that version runs. Would give this a thumbs up if:Graphic OptionsOptimizationCustom ControlsA way to skip the tutorialAnd it would be nice to have more environmental elements like ice, lava, marshes, etc. Maybe a future update?"
76561197975603364,Not Recommended,525700,31784980,Posted: 16 May,all,Sveny,"Saw a tiny bit of play , and thought this would be amazing, but its really not worth the price tag, its far to simple. really clunkly controls for a pc game, controller is a must have."
,Recommended,525700,32894659,Posted: 27 June,all,starkiller2,Its an amazing game from what I've seen from playthroughs and my small playtime but what it needs is a skippable tutorial.
76561198072566103,Not Recommended,525700,32067734,Posted: 30 May,all,Making Food,"The game itself is very interesting. It goes through evolution in a unique and entertaining way. Highly educational. However, the UI has not been developed for the PC. The lack of an EXIT button is evident of than, as well as the multiple key binding to the same action. Which is a shame as it destroys the emersion of the game. It is therefore with regret that I am unable to recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,525700,34498276,Posted: 26 August,all,taylorindi,to glichy i cant do anything please fix it soon i really want to play the game but i cant
,Recommended,525700,31699339,Posted: 12 May,all,Beabe,"Awesome design, cute, and fascinating. I always loved going to the natural history museums, and now I get to go through and make them!Yes, the tutorial is pretty stale, yeah it's a chore to go to your settings and make sure it's running through the graphics card, but after that it's a blast and everything starts to take off.2 major things I found after playing for 2 hours: 1) Use a controller, m/kb hotkeys make no sense, just plug in a ps4 controller and you're good. 2) Put the 'quests' in the background and focus on just building and exploring. Tons more fun to just start building a massive mountainscape and watching what happens because of it and see all the critters that pop up."
,Not Recommended,525700,34731418,Posted: 4 September,all,Evil Ginger,i cant play the game plz fix it
76561198022699696,Not Recommended,525700,31672078,Posted: 10 May,all,Solarblade,"This  is gonna  be agood game if they can get the ""ported"" feeling out of it and add a few extra features like skipping the hour long tutorial that is MANDITORY before you can play, or mabey adding a quit to desktop button so you dont need to alt-f4 to quit."
76561198056109781,Not Recommended,525700,31651599,Posted: 9 May,all,Velvetlotus,"To sum this up: REALLY DISAPPOINTED. I watched the clock for this release ;_;I loved the concept and the artwork, I was really excited to play this. However...The controls are horrendously complicated; a huge waste of potential there. What would have been simpler would be open interface ->click/key select tool -> drag, move or place <object/terrain>. Instead it is a jumble of buttons that need mashing several times to finally operate (because this game lags a LOT despite having more than double the recommended specs) and when they do work they overcompensate themselves. The movement, buttons and mouse combined in this way result in a pointless learning curve which rapidly progresses into a headache - especially if you're left handed. There are 14 keys for movement where the scroll on the mouse would have been adequate for zoom and arrows and/or WASD for movement. The movement itself is not smooth.The tutorial waffles, drags out and is not clear, concise or engaging at all; in fact rather rude when you quickly get bored and try to experiment with controls to learn what you can and cannot do.Recommend sticking to the version on PS4."
76561198056573931,Not Recommended,525700,31653539,Posted: 9 May,all,aaron.nighswander,"A beautiful game from what I can see from YouTube let's plays. But playing on PC just didn't port over right from the PS4.The game runs fine right up until you can start the tutorial. At this point the input lag jumps to nearly a full second of delay and the fps drops down to roughly 8~14. The input lag is so great that I coudln't even set my character's name.I tried uninstalling, reinstalling. Changing my PC settings, changing the resolution size of the game. Disabled all of my background services. Only had steam and Birthdays running. And STILL couldn't get the game playable in any meaning of the term. I want to play Birthdays, but it just is not possible right now."
76561198078480588,Recommended,525700,31734318,Posted: 13 May,all,SeptimusHarris,"This is a great game with very few things I dislike, it is charming, easy to grasp, and has a large amount of replay value. The controls are fine with a controller, just hard to go diagnol, and the minimap is stuck north. Thats pretty much all I dislike about it, and if you have frame issues (and a Nvidia graphics card) just go to the Nvidia control panel and change this game to use it, it helps quite a bit. This is not a game for everyone (like most games) but if you like stardew valley or sim earth, you'll probably like this one too."
76561198307760569,Recommended,525700,32418003,Posted: 14 June,all,bluefires154,I love the idea of these game but it is so laggy please make setting to reduce lag i think a setting to take away the background would reduce lag by alot i would recommend this game to only people with very high ram
,Recommended,525700,31691270,Posted: 11 May,all,ISISKKC,"While others are complaining about things that can be fixed in simple updates, the core gameplay is very satisfying and will please anyone that enjoys this type of game.Other than switching my default graphics card to my nvidia one, instead of my intel chip set to fix the fps problem, the only other problems I can say about this game is the clunky controls. I use an controller to help mitigate this problem, and even then the controls can be a bit wonky and slow, while raising and lowering terrain can be a bit on the laggy side compared to your movement which can lead to some terrible looking terrain, but this can be easily redone.Onto the gameplay, I only have good things to say about this. The game always feels fun to play, evolving the species of the planet feels rewarding. Making your planet, starting off with a blank space, into a green flourishing world is the greatest thing.While I can't say much about the story mode, as I went into freemode right after doing the turtorial. I spent almost 10 hours on just 1 world, and didn't even achieve most of the species. So there is replayability, finding and evolving all of the animals in one world is impossible but this just adds to making other worlds.To this point, species require differen't temperatures and terrain to show up in your world, and going down one path might cut off another. While I find this point a good thing, some may not, so that is one point to make. To this, the game almost feels like a puzzle when it comes to changing your world to making animals spawn. It takes thought to create the right requirements, adding mountains to lower the temperature of your world, while making more ocean to raise the temperature. This point is most of the game. Changing your world to meet the requirements to spawn animals.Overall the game feels a bit pricey for the price they ask for, but I feel like you can get so many hours, and is atleast worth 40 bucks. Buy it if you like the genre of the game, and you won't be disappointed."
76561198045085597,Recommended,525700,31654292,Posted: 9 May,all,Bravo,"As ever when there are technical issues I feel required to point out that there are issues (ones that I don't personally have) so there is an element of buyer beware - that said, my computer handles it fine (as it should, seeing as my computer is still top of the line).So onto the actual game. It starts off a little slow; but as you continue the actual complexity of what you're having to do to get creatures to 'birth' quickly starts to ramp up until you're changing the entire ecosystem to get a T-rex to spawn. The actual game itself is well designed, and for a console port it plays fairly smoothly for me. Overal I've had a considerable amount of fun in the time I've played. It plays somewhat like Viva Pinata, which is awesome, though with more big stompy dinosaurs and less candy filled paper.The graphics are a bit cheesy (and dated) and the audio is a little repetitive, however the former has never been a good reason to put me off a game, and the latter is very easily solved, equally whilst the graphics aren't exactly the best, they 'feel' right somehow - possibly for the above mentioned Viva Pinata similaritiesThere is a fairly sizeable downside - the keyboard and mouse controls are.... counter intuitive. Not the worst I've encountered over the years, and I did manage to get used to them. That said, if you're not someone who plays ports very often you may find yourself struggling to adapt to controls being entirely different to 'normal' keybinds.This is one of those games where ""Recommend: Yes/No"" doesn't really give an adequate rating. If you can work around the dubious controls and have a computer which doesn't suffer from performance issues - the game is a gem. If you're not sure of your computer's abilities to perform, or think being told to use K for your inventory is going to make you smash your keyboard, eh, give it a miss for now."
76561198091481442,Recommended,525700,31693594,Posted: 11 May,all,PurpleCabbage,"This game is excellent, I absolutely like it. If you adore sandbox games (And maybe strategy) then this is the game for you. There are a few minor flaws in this game, as well as a major one though. One is that on certain computers from what I've seen, the game does not seem to run very well. My friend, who has a computer much better then my own, had trouble running the game. I did just fine though. Another thing is the mouse, which both me and my friend had some troubles controlling, having it lag and occasionally stop.The major flaw has to do with Free Mode. After playing a little bit of story mode, I decieded to check it out, as well as my friend. We both started playing, got Phytoplankting and Zooplanktin (I beleive that's what there names are) and... Well, that's it. The problem is was that no matter how much we changed the land, there population would stop increasing and decreasing and making it impossible to continue.After a bit of updates though I beleive this will be a very, very good game. But for now, I'll just have to leave this unopen until further updates. But I would decied buying this game now while it's discounted, since this has a lot of potentiol.Thanks for reading."
76561198031203159,Recommended,525700,31659858,Posted: 9 May,all,Zeliox,"This game at its core is a terraforming game, while you do it for the sake of birthing species and evolving them, the gameplay itself is about making land that is suitable for them. If you don't find the concept of that enjoyable, then you will more than likely not enjoy this game. While you can just focus on the bare needs of the creatures and make a basic world that fits their needs, you probably won't enjoy the game as there isn't much to do outside of the terraforming aspect.However if you do enjoy the idea of shaping a world and creating mountain ranges, seas, lakes, and rivers; and watching life spread across it then you'll probably really like this game. There are a lot of tools for you to use, and there's a real sense of progression in the game. In the beginning you're only really able to make simple terrain easily, although it is possible to do pretty much whatever you want. Later in the game you're able to create pretty complex terrain with ease, and you just get a very real sense of progress."
76561197965546900,Not Recommended,525700,31925386,Posted: 23 May,all,JEWS DID IT YOU KNOW WHAT,"For the price it's really not worth it, it's a nifty game but way overpriced."
76561198211808745,Recommended,525700,31699932,Posted: 12 May,all,☕King Coffee☕,"This game is VERY addicting. On writing this review, I have 15 hours on the game, and I've only had it for two days. The only technical problems I've had with it have been minor FPS drops at certain points and some very minor audio problems. The game itself could use more creatures, though."
,Not Recommended,525700,31725877,Posted: 13 May,all,SuperGuy120,"This game is configured so poorly it hurts. For one, the game can't decide if it wants you to use a controller or keyboard, second of all the tutorial is so slow and it spoils alot of the early game witch is a huge thing for me, and third of all I was playing sandbox mode and when I came back to my save file all my life was gone and it didn't come back. I love the concept of the game, I love actually taking care of life and all, but the rest of the game is so bad it makes me want to never touch the game again. I can't reccomend this to anyone at the moment unless they change alot of the bugs and controlls. Like for ♥♥♥♥ sake it's not that hard to say they want us to use an Xbox controller, it really isn't!Also I can't make anything more than phytoplankton and a few zooplankton no matter what I do and it's so ♥♥♥♥ing frustrating!"
76561197970362126,Not Recommended,525700,35183006,Posted: 24 September,all,Mr. Fibble,"This could have been a decent life builder but with possibly one of the worst tutorials they could have done for a game of this type you are left to blunder about trying to remember the actual helpful information such as control amidst all the other fluff pushed at you while the game locked all controls. Maybe its an extension of the naming of your ""helper"" navi that evolved from a simplstic ""hey listen"" into a lengthy sermon.I have a practical mind and am much better suited to learning by having the info to hand while I do things.A much better system would have been to give popups while the player was able to interact with the world rather than tell them about a thing or how to do something in such a way that you end up button mashing past it all just to be able to play.If it's meant to be a game then let the player play it.Controls for core activities like raising and lowering terrain is finnicky, often requiring you to pan the camera to a very specific angle just to get the tool to highlight the area you want."
,Not Recommended,525700,31671461,Posted: 10 May,all,therealjohnconnor,"IT WOULD BE GREAT, IF IT WASN'T UNPLAYABLY BROKENI'm very interested in early life and looked forward to growing my own Stromatolytes, Anomalacaris, etc. Despite the awful name and aggrevating intro back story, 'Birthdays the Beginning' looked like a step up from the early game of Will Wright's 'Spore' to me.Unfortunately, the port from PS4 was so grossly bungled and the game too laggy (and often badly signposted) to be playable. My general rule applies then: no matter how good a game is, if it''s unplayably buggy, it's worthless and deserves downrating.If they fixed that, I would play 'Birthdays the Beginning' - and with great enthusism....I understand from others' reviews that the end point of the game, evolving humans, has idiosyncratic 'special creation' riders on them and that resultant humans start out White, frankly damn unlikely in RL evolutionary terms. Wouldn't stop me buying this game if it worked properly, but a duff note regardless."
76561198351371660,Not Recommended,525700,31658119,Posted: 9 May,all,jvmiller1021,Lag needs to be fixed immediatly.
,Not Recommended,525700,31676374,Posted: 10 May,all,Irusiyo,"There isn't much to do. You spend most of the time waiting for time to pass. Clumsy controls, a poor port from a console game (even the tutorials are meant for PS) I kind of enjoyed it, but I get bored pretty soon. Hopefully, with updates it'll be a good game. Right now it's kind of meh."
,Not Recommended,525700,31673486,Posted: 10 May,all,Glayce,"Bad Port, Worse controls."
76561198234300476,Not Recommended,525700,31733867,Posted: 13 May,all,RamblingNymph,"This game had the potential to be good! I downloaded it and plaed it for a total of 99 minutes, and during that time it was incredibly laggy, crashed twice, and was extremely slow going through the tutorial. However, I really liked the concept and while the game was propoerly functioning for me I did hve some fun with it. I'm quite disappointed that I wasn't able to better enjoy this game, but I guess that's just how it goes.TL;DR: Fun, but Laggy. Only get if you're sure that your computer can handle it."
,Recommended,525700,31657607,Posted: 9 May,all,bess_ban,"Fun and challenging. I've got no lag, it runs 50-51 fps constant.Certainly not perfect, definitely hook up your controller for smoother play.The environment and creatures are adorable, the dialogue is well thought out, but is a little too extensive.I can't wait to do a freeplay once I finish the story."
76561198023127585,Recommended,525700,31650980,Posted: 9 May,all,Cutiesaurs,Though it's easy to learn and hard to master I still have a fun time with this zen sim game you should too.
76561198040910753,Not Recommended,525700,31651056,Posted: 9 May,all,Sigmaritus Pucius,"Hello,The game is awesome in many ways,  BUT it runs at 5-10 fps for me...So unplayable...Double check, even triple check if your configuration is ok for this game, or you'll get tricked like me.ps: I play games like TitanFall 2 (medium), Witcher 3 (low) or Mass Effect Andromeda with no real issue, at maybe 40-60 fps.CPU : Intel Core i5 6300HQ @2.3GHzGPU : NVidia GTX 950MRAM : 8Go DDR3"
,Not Recommended,525700,31653003,Posted: 9 May,all,Philip444,"What i have not seen many people compain about is how porrly the controls were ported over. Massive imput lag and a backwords and unintuitive control scheme. I cant recomend the game because it was clearly never ment to be release on the pc. time to add on to the negatives. I spent about an hour building a large mountain range. only to find out fresh water does not work the way you think it would and now must undo all the progress i made. i really hope you listen and stay away untill MAJOR UPDATES. Well, here we go again. THIS GAME HAS NO AUTOSAVE. are you serious. a game like this needs an autosave function. i lost almost 5 hours of work because lack of autosave."
76561198068075834,Recommended,525700,31658097,Posted: 9 May,all,Grand Tickler,"I love this game, was addicted all day and finished up the campaign. It was a wonderful experience.Of course, with any game, there are pros and consPros:Beautiful GraphicsRan very smoothyI love how the terrain looks when you terraform it just rightThe animations for the plants and animals were smooth but not too complex, allowing for faster fpsVery relaxing, play-at-your-own-pace kind of feelYou can be very creative in what you build and create a world that is just right for youCons:The controls are...weird. It's best to use a controller.There is no way to select a species and show where that species is on the map. This makes it very frustrating and time consuming to find that species to use an item on it, ESPECIALLY if it's on a big map. The Dev's should implement a button you can press to highlight a selected species on your minimap so you can find it. Like how new species are highlighted, but instead, highlight an already established species you choose.There is no way to close out of the game in fullscreen. I had to go to windowed mode to close it.The terrain building can get a bit tedious. Well, if you care about a smooth look anyway. If you dont mind slightly jagged terrain, that is fine. I hope the Dev's later can add new things to help the terrain building. Like a circle cursor instead of a square one, and a smooth tool so you can smooth terrain instead of just having to level everything outoverall, love the game and hope new content will continue to be added (more animals and plants please!)"
76561198032210524,Recommended,525700,31670491,Posted: 10 May,all,thedrowningman,"fun little game with enough depth so far to keep me interested. i havent experienced graphical issues yet but i havent build a full cube yet. i hope they keep updating this game, would be neat to go down a giant insect evolution path or more water life or something, creatures that never existed but if conditions were different could have evolved."
76561198035578179,Not Recommended,525700,31789723,Posted: 16 May,all,Boldevin,Currently this game is a laggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ How it's able to crash from loading in a tiny minecraft-like-square and a floaty dude is beyond me.I like the concept and would really appriciate it if it was actually playable.
76561198336948154,Recommended,525700,31730514,Posted: 13 May,all,firebird9111,"this game is amazing, and i would certanly recommend it, but it is very laggy. if you can deal with that, or it just magicaly doesnt lag, then perfect, play it, it is very fun."
,Recommended,525700,31892811,Posted: 21 May,all,HanaBlackwood,"This game is a mixed bag; It starts slow, it's controls don't make sense and take some getting used to, and the creatures you are unlocking are always the same ones you'd find on earth, or in earth history.  Models are often repetative reskins as well.  They need a fair few dlcs that add non-realistic creatures.  However 'if' they did add more non-realistic creature packs there would be more replay value making it a lot better to play, and we already see there is an update on the way to add reassigning controls; So I'd say as long as they keep adding content, and don't just feel content with the evolutions, and mutations available this game can remain worth playing, otherwise it's worth playing at least once (hopefully the price will go down though)"
,Not Recommended,525700,31725057,Posted: 13 May,all,SniffyBacon,pls fix the lag issue playing this is so annoy.Also the control is horrible. But the game concept is really good. Tbh I really want to play this game but I don't want to wasted my money on unplayable game.
76561198037975504,Not Recommended,525700,31651864,Posted: 9 May,all,Freerider,"The FPS drops as soon as I enter the game so low that is impossible to do anything. Have been trying with different settings, but no success. Going to ask for a refund, as it is unplayable like this. Might buy the game again in the future when it will be fixed! Not saying I have the best gaming computer, but it is quite reasonable gaming laptop, which hasn´t had problems with any other games before!Edit:CPU: Intel Core i7Video: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960MRam: 8 GBWindows 8"
76561198082303299,Recommended,525700,31654703,Posted: 9 May,all,aoigami,"Very cute and relaxing game ^^Controls are a bit wonky,a fix would be great!Don't play it on a toaster if you want to enjoy the run :)"
76561198112013606,Recommended,525700,31658351,Posted: 9 May,all,Aditup,"I originally saw this game from some people playing on Youtube. I thought it looked like a great idea, and like a lot of fun that you could get lost in.I was definitely right! I sunk 6 hours before putting it down for the first time, which hasn't happened with me and a game for a long time. Lets get into some pros and cons, and then why I recommend this game.PROS:-Great example of a one more turn casual sandbox game. You want to get the next link in the evolutionary chain, so you keep on playing.-Engaging system of environment interaction. Raising land to cool off the cube world while lowering to heat it up, which affects what mutates and evolves.-Beautiful art style and sound track.CONS:-Not very good optimization. I play on a slightly better than average laptop, and on the lowest resolution it still stutters quite a bit looking like a slide show at times. It would be nice to see a quality adjustment in the options.-Tutorial is pretty hand holdy and while it does a good job of getting you into the action slowly, there are some parts like rivers that could use more explanation (if not for the average user, for youtubers definitely)Why I Recommend:Despite the poor performance on my computer, it was fun and engaging enough that I was able to end up ignoring it and getting to the heart of the game which kept me hooked for a very long time. Its made me want to diagram out the possible evolutions and organize them in a way where I am able to capture all of them as the world matures and simulate the real world. Also looking up some of the organisms that are featured has been fascinating.You might wait to get it until it performs better, but I'm glad I didn't."
76561198067889393,Not Recommended,525700,31689305,Posted: 11 May,all,Crusader Rabbit,"At first I was not going to purchase this game but was looking for something new to play and with the return policy as a safety net I decided, ""why not?""-My first problem with this game is it's price. It has a $40.00 price tag for what I consider to be $15.00 to $20.00 content which is a common console marketing strategy that doesn't always work on PC customers. This is a management simulator in that you adjust terrain and that causes the world's temperature to rise or fall. Next you fast forward and see if new creatures spawn. That's about it.-Technically this game has a lot of flaws. The first and foremost is that it tries to use your on-board graphics instead of your graphics card and v-sync issues cause the frame-rates to drop to nothing. I already have had my rig set up to fix this so my game seems to run smooth enough. There are no graphics options, there is no quit button, there are very few settings at all. This is a PS4 port and is quite obvious. It is pretty hard to play with a mouse and keyboard, so you will need a controller. I am also having an issue where my cube in freemode is incrementally getting hotter and forcing me to fill half my cube with Everests to stabilize my temperatures.-The tutorial, though is pretty helpful, is very very annoying and found myself skipping through the annoying sound of ""Navi"" and the soundtrack itself is very repetitive- almost to a fault. You have to complete the tutorial to unlock Freemode (which has a HUGE bug where zooplankton does not spawn unless you redo the tutorial to a certain point, save, then import those settings- OR need millions of phytoplankton and a TON of water.-I have a problem with the controls in that with using the 1x1 block to raise or lower land, it's REALLY hard to select certain blocks around you and I spend a lot of my points fixing holes and accidental spires. It's also hard to keep from sinking to the bottom of the water, not looking through the earth, and capturing flying creatures.-Graphics are nice, very family friendly and ""cutsie"" making for a calm, enjoyable experience.They released a same day patch as release but it was just a couple aesthetics and no bugfixing etc.Overall, even without all the technical issues and the lack of the developers even trying to make it an OKAY PC port, I say wait until this goes on sale for 50%+ off and wait until they have fixed a lot of these technical issues."
76561198250472756,Recommended,525700,31676864,Posted: 10 May,all,mortigxumin,"First had some graphical/lagging issues but then I forced Steam to open the game with my NVIDIA graphics card instead of the default integrated intel graphics card (and c'mon, really, that's my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gaming computer's fault for not automatically using the NVIDIA in the first place).Anyway, once that got sorted, I was able to play the game no problem, with not a single lag.Bit of a learning curve as this game truly was nearly directly ported from consoles without much adjustment, so get used to using your keyboard completely. It's a bit nice though, you really don't have to bother with the cursor.The actual game itself: judging by the other reviews, as it is in its current state right now, if you're the impatient kind of person then you won't like the game as-is. It reminds me a bit of Animal Crossing, actually, in how there's only so much you can do at once.It can get boring. But it's also fun shaping the world to how you want (I love to build worlds and cities!) and witnessing the birth of species. ...But that can also get tedious after a while too, especially with your HP limit. I'd recommend having a balance between letting species grow and shaping the terrain (as I'd imagine what was intended by that in the first place). I do also wish sometimes that there was a faster movement option, especially with bigger maps. (I'm aware that there IS an option, but it's a bit of a pain to have to go in and out of the menu to toggle it when it could just be another button pressed, i.e, SHIFT+WASD to increase speed). Related, a faster time speed (sometimes fast-forward feels slow...!)I'd love the addition of some caves, both underwater and on land. It'd be cool to have land on the surface and water right under it! Or a big mountain with a little pocket for creatures to chill in :3Also some issues with it not remembering settings, like fullscreen (I'll set it to fullscreen, exit out the game, go back into it, and it'll be right back to windowed mode). So for now I've accepted it in windowed mode but I hope that'll be fixed.In the future, it'd be cool if we could somehow adjust the avatar, even if it's just changing color or something. But that's low priority on everything else.TL;DR: I like the game. I also didn't really go into it with high expectations. I do hope that they pay attention to the feedback and improve it in future patches. As of this review, the full retail price is $40, but it's on sale for $30- which I got it for. However, I feel like it may be more worth $15-20 as it is right now. Hopefully I'll feel like my $30 was worth it someday :)"
,Not Recommended,525700,31650388,Posted: 9 May,all,Jasmine,"First thing I get is terrible performance, unplayable. My computer should not drop into what seems like single digit frame rate with how little there is going on, even at lower resolutions. It shouldn't be an issue with my computer so I don't know, you can buy it and check yourself, easily will be able to refund it until they fix this glaring issue."
76561198144829110,Not Recommended,525700,31654536,Posted: 9 May,all,atrivedi812,"I got this game after watching a lot of gameplay footage and was very excited. However, the game ran terribly on my PC to the point it was unplayable. There were also no graphics options. Until they fix this problem, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198250230220,Not Recommended,525700,31778223,Posted: 15 May,all,SolarSquid13,"I got this game wanting it so bad then I pressed play and it booted up, then closed I tried everything I could and it's not working sooo, unless they fix it I really upset!"
,Not Recommended,525700,31652061,Posted: 9 May,all,Tragidy,"My first review. And guess what? the game runs on single digit fps which is absolutely unplayable. I've never faced this issue with any other game; it's just this one.Can't really review anything else about the game since I can't play more than 2 minutes of unresponsive tutorial.If you are planning to get this game, maybe it's better to wait until they fix it."
,Not Recommended,525700,31654480,Posted: 9 May,all,Snoblitz,"I bought this game and tried to play it on my brand new Alienware 17 R4 laptop and the performance was horrible. It was literally unplayable. I don't feel like trying to tweak settings to get such a non-graphics-intensive game to work, so I went ahead and asked for a refund. It's like the port to PC was 100% an after thought. The dev studio failed hard on this one. Too bad, since the concept looks really great."
,Not Recommended,525700,31722881,Posted: 13 May,all,Pink Guy,"Terrible PC controls. Monotonous gameplay, Extremely slow developing. Long, tedious, unskippable tutorial. Do NOT recommend. I spent 30 bucks for THIS?! ♥♥♥♥ me."
76561198283534221,Not Recommended,525700,31694271,Posted: 11 May,all,maelstormm,"The concept of the game is good and the art style was enjoyable.  After getting map setup and watching time pass by to see if you managed to get the conditions set correctly for a new critter to pop was fun.  Unfortunately outside of that though it suffers from three things which kill the experience for me.The game definitely was not optimized for PC leaving somethings very clunky feeling.The controls make designing the world a agonizing chore, which is bad for a game that deals mainly with designing a world.  The different size cursers should be unlocked from default as they don't give you anything you can't do (a tad slower) without.  Ways to instantly make terrain heights match instead of tediously one cursor click at a time.  Mountain and canyon tools unlocked from the get go, because again, it's nothing you can't do with the regular cursor anyhow it just saves you time from the tedious chore of spending (in some cases literally) hours of clicking away.There's also a bug that got me 5 times so far where if you get a capture scan going at the same time as the menu screen (where you select save and what not) coming up that you can't close the menu screen.  I could hear the character doing stuff behind the menu screen which my button presses but every attempt to close the menu screen failed.  Ultimately would have to close the game and relaunch losing anywhere from a few minutes to hours of work each time.Hard to recommend this at the moment given those issues."
76561198117426484,Not Recommended,525700,31718012,Posted: 13 May,all,Ventrilo,"This game is completely unplayable on my PC. The controls simply will not work, even when looking at guides. There is no way they did any kind of PC testing on this game. I will be refunding."
76561197972109137,Not Recommended,525700,31659673,Posted: 9 May,all,Mickc,"I dont mind the game, BUT MY GOD NAVI NEEDS TO DIE, needed to die in zelda Ocarina of Time, and now they put it in this game, GOD save us. If you get the game, I hope you like not playing the game for the first little while, they gave Navi control, so your going to listen, listen, listen. I only played for a short while because GOD i hate navi, and it made me make my map ugly. Also the animal make magical foods, the ones that eat that is, instead of eating the creature beside it that it spawned a copy of."
,Not Recommended,525700,31653200,Posted: 9 May,all,Dafunq[NL],I was realy looking forward to this game. played it for 1 hour and made me cry of the awefull lag in the already 800x600In this state you can only play this game if you have a beast of a PC/laptopRealy disapointed!
76561197999195138,Not Recommended,525700,31652487,Posted: 9 May,all,Kapteeni Nemo,"Seems like ""partial controller support"" actually means ""partial keyboard + mouse support"". An absolute disappointment."
,Recommended,525700,31656076,Posted: 9 May,all,SurfingGamer,"All the negative reviews for this game are simply because of performance issues, and with regarding that the developers have already released a temporary solution. Im not saying that its ok for developers to release unfinished or buggy games, however I would suggest leaving your review to when u can actually play the game so that you can critisize it for its mechanics, not for its bugs. Also with regards to the price, yes...this game is marginally overpriced, so my suggestion is to wait for the price to drop to about 20-25 euro before you get it as it simply doesnt have enough content to justify 40euro.Having said all that, I would like to say that the game worked fairly well for me with only a few simple glitches here and there. With regards to controls, the game is clearly intended to be played with a controller so I would highly suggest you use this over K+M controls, as they dont feel very flowing and comfortable. Another thing to note is that the tutorial seems to be a very long and handheld experience and it wasnt at all to my liking, so dont let it put you off from the actual game.As for the gameplay, I would highly suggest moving to free mode if you would like to create a world of your own desire. Once you have done this you can choose whatever path along the evolution line you want and it really is satisfying seeing your world grow into a marvelous masterpiece. For those of you interested in the science of evolution, this game is a very realistic simulation of how many complex life forms evolved from tiny plankton in the depths of the ocean. If you like this type of simulation/creation gameplay, this is the game for you. Although the game seems simple from the surface, once you delve deeper into the game you realise how in depth the game really is.To conclude, this isnt a game for everyone, but if you enjoy these types of games, this is a fun and relaxing evolution game that you simply cannot resist (still wait a few weeks and let the price drop)."
76561198216242151,Recommended,525700,31656151,Posted: 9 May,all,Seal Of Approval,"Not good for steam yet, but when it is good for steam you should buy it"
76561198091073343,Not Recommended,525700,31652234,Posted: 9 May,all,Suormot,"the game keeps crashing during the tutorial, must be a problem with the pc port i guess..."
,Recommended,525700,31675696,Posted: 10 May,all,Alduin's Bane,"I LOVE this game the only thing that could make it better is one thing, CAVES! i think caves would be a awsome addition to the game"
,Not Recommended,525700,31710722,Posted: 12 May,all,Praise The Konstantyn,"terrible PC controls that could have been done much better, at this state the game is not worth 30$"
76561198089146886,Not Recommended,525700,33370063,Posted: 8 July,all,Dwarven Potato csgo-raffle.com,it is VERY short at the moment and most challenges aren't very challenging for now i would not recommend. But if they ever develop onto the game and add new lines to follow i would highly reccomend
,Recommended,525700,31705707,Posted: 12 May,all,Hermestar,เกมเล่นเพลินดีๆ แต่ไม่ถึงกับตื่นเต้นเร้าใจ แนะนำเป็นเกมเล่นตอนว่างๆ คนไม่ชอบแนวนี้อาจจะหลับเลยก็ได้
,Recommended,525700,31688957,Posted: 11 May,all,Primal,"I dont write reviews often, but due to the negativity around the game I decided to chip in with a positive review. Just to be clear I was lucky enough to not have any performance issues besides a few crashes. So if you do get the game I recommend saving often. I played on controller because as many people have stated the controls for keyboard are pretty bad, and lack of graphics options and being able to exit the game is also annoying.Despite all of the above after finishing the campaign I really am loving this game. Its simplistic but its very relaxing , and working towards evolving and disocvering new species is rewarding. Shaping the land is annoying at first but as you level up it becomes a lot smoother and more enjoyable. If your looking for a laid back god game where you can take your time then I think you would probably enjoy this game.A little tip though, always check the family tree of something your working towards evolving, spent a long time trying to get the first mammal only to realize I had never gotten the prerequisite creature."
76561198203366180,Recommended,525700,31680656,Posted: 11 May,all,Bramblehawk,"While i really liked the concept of the game, I immediately struggled with clunky controls. The instructions were for some controller, and while there was an in game mouse cursor, i could not figure out what it was for. The keyboard controls i discovered mostly through experamentation. I can only assume this game is meant for a steam controller or something of the like. If you like the concept enough to takle the learning curve it can be rewarding in the same way that dwarf fortress is."
,Recommended,525700,31904594,Posted: 22 May,all,ZindroZ,"The game is fun and all, but the tutorial is soooooooo god dam long u almost get bored of it! And the hits can confuse u a bit. It's better to watch Youtube to easyer understand the game. And, WHERE CAN U CHANGE THE CONTROLS SETTINGS?! It's alost like it's made for PS4 consol and ceybored at the same time. It said one time ""You can press the touch screen to capture"" and it said one time, ""press the C button to go faster"" Is the game for consol or keybored?"
,Recommended,525700,31666758,Posted: 10 May,all,SammiK,"**Update** I just ""finished"" this game today by making it all the way to ""Modern Humans"" and the start of civilization. I would definitely still recommend it.And yes, the keyboard controls do suck. I couldn't figure out how to get a single thing to work with the keyboard. I plugged in my husband's controller pretty much straight away. Just save yourself the hassle and use a controller.For those of you that are struggling with getting things to evolve, pay close attention to the requirements in the ""Libary"". These will give you clues on how to adjust your terrain to suit the different creatures you are looking to bring into the world.You also need to keep a close eye on the global temperature; don't make the same mistake I did by going crazy with the mountains and making ""cool"" looking terrain. Take it slow, and watch how things respond to your changes. You'll have plenty of time to make beautiful & creative ""designs"" as the game progresses.----Original Review----I have to say, I really enjoyed this game! I did not have any of the performance issues so many players reported, but I did recently buy a new graphics card.The ecosystems are really sensitive though, at least in the initial stages of gameplay, so be sure to take things slowly as you make changes to elevation, and water quantity etc.I got a little excited and made a fancy mountain, with beautiful waterfalls - only to find out I had basically started an ice age and now all my sea creatures were dying before anything had even made it on land. I had to do some drastic de-construction at that point, but as soon as the right conditions were met, my creatures came right back so I can move forward.I also found the default controls to be a little confusing. And some of the menu/gameplay choices weren't logical to me. For example, when you are hovering over a creature or plant, you would think you'd be able to press a button to open up a menu to find more information about that creature and what it needs to flourish - right? At least I did. But no, you need to open up the main menu, and go to the encyclopedia section to read about this creature and the environment it needs.All in all, I love this game and would recommend it. I can't wait to see how it grows!"
76561198274465602,Recommended,525700,31693328,Posted: 11 May,all,sonnen.trevor,I just nade T-rexs and humans coexist this game is awesome!
,Recommended,525700,31670529,Posted: 10 May,all,DebaucheryMeister,"The game is a cute game for people who love biology or god games. The game was released with performace issues and bugs, but the developers are working hard and fast to fix the problem and communicating with the community to fix the problems."
76561198073879776,Recommended,525700,31685178,Posted: 11 May,all,csgolive.com ShadowPanda,"I can't run the game, the launching box just keeps dissapearing and then reappearing it's so annoying!"
,Recommended,525700,31653703,Posted: 9 May,all,Conkeldurr,nice game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥control cant work out how to ♥♥♥♥ing close the thing its probably just me.i had to bring out the bloody task manager
76561198164389361,Not Recommended,525700,33672624,Posted: 20 July,all,RollinRuolin,"As a fan of Harvest Moon, I was super excited when Birthdays was announced, but unfortunately any enjoyable gameplay is completely destroyed by lag and buggy controls left over from a rather botched import to PC. Even on the lowest settings and using a computer that meets the basic requirements, the game is still slow and impossible to control. Despite the charming graphics and interesting concept, the overall un-playability of this game makes me hesitate to recommend it to anyone as much as I hope others have had/will have better luck than I did with it."
76561198108702928,Recommended,525700,32019711,Posted: 28 May,all,John F. Kennedy,Looks amazing because it's the first one of it's kind  ( I think ) But it is very laggy on my desktop. i recommend it if you have got powerful computer or you have a PS4. personally I think it should come out on the Xbox one. It is also quite Expensive for an indie game but other than that it is an amazing game.
76561198149322040,Not Recommended,525700,32118632,Posted: 1 June,all,bigxena1,"This game to me is just lag and 40$ wasted. Also what is it with the menu? You can't even go back to the main menu, let alone do anything. if you have a better pc (i have a bit better than avarage) and better patients than me than this is amazing. if not than its 40$s wasted."
76561198030168403,Recommended,525700,31729195,Posted: 13 May,all,Coyote,"The controls and UI for this game are literal rubbish.  However the game itself is very cute and creative.  It reminds me of SimLife without the customization of species.  Worth a shot if you like those ecosystem type games.  Especially worth it if the controls get tweeked to make them more intuitive.  A controller seems to work best, but it still a little wonky when it comes to accessing the UI, mostly item use."
76561198165316807,Recommended,525700,32263481,Posted: 8 June,all,ollie,the game is brokennfor laptop but looks incredible i with the creator would seriously fix it my screen turns white and it say's it's syncing then it say's it's running then it kicks me out and say's i have exited i have like 5 minutes of tring to make it work so i tryed it about around 31 times now
76561198123091020,Recommended,525700,32248007,Posted: 7 June,all,Dirty Dan,This game is an adorable little god game. I dont mean lacking in content when I say little because this game is MASSIVE. While this game does have it's flaws it is a beautiful game I really recommend this game to anyone who just needs a break from everything.
,Recommended,525700,31956521,Posted: 25 May,all,ThyCheshireCat,"The game currently is very laggy as you may already know, and as of right now it isn't ported well on PC, however i still recommend you get it as they are working on optimizations as we speak, and in the near future it'll be better suited to being played on PC. (Just a heads up for the Paleofans, they made Pliosaurus a frog.)"
,Recommended,525700,31799298,Posted: 16 May,all,Lienwrath,"DISCLAIMER: Recommendation is based on gameplay alone and not the plethora of PC port issues.Birthdays is a fun game, I really enjoyed the actual gameplay but it's terribly obvious that porting this game to PC was an afterthought. The keyboard controls are clunky and unusual with no options to reassign keybinds within the game. Video options are very limited, currently you can choose your resolution or if you wanna play in windowed/fullscreen. The only way to exit the game is either Alt+F4 or hit X in windowed mode, seems like a ridiculous oversight imo. Game plays fine if you run it with a controller, but personally if I'm gonna play a messy port of a PS4 game, I'll just buy it on the PS4 and skip the fluff.As for the actual gameplay, it can be really fun unlocking new lifeforms and their evolutions. A lot of the progression comes from shaping the land to suit your target lifeforms which can feel pretty hands-off, but there are lots of items to help you push your world in the right direction that can get you a bit more involved. The game does a great job of making it clear what you need to accomplish for certain lifeforms instead of leaving it up to frustrating guess work. This is definitely a great game for winding down after work or just to casually play for half an hour or a couple of hours.If you like ecosystem games like Niche or Tyto Ecology you'll likely enjoy this game as well. I found it a bit slow for my personal preferences and would prefer more options for micro management, but I believe this game was aimed at a younger audience so it's understandable that they kept it pretty simple. The game also makes a point of teaching you a little bit about each of the lifeforms you unlock as you go, which I really enjoyed and thought it showed the devs' eagerness to teach you about the world you're building.Judging from the news from late last week it seems like the publisher has heard the feedback from the community echoing more or less the same points I brought up here and it seems like a fix is on the way, but there's currently no timeline. This means that it could be weeks or it could be months if it even comes at all. If you're on the fence about this game, you might be better off waiting until it either goes on sale or gets these fixes to polish it off.TL;DR: Fun game, especially if this is a genre you enjoy but the PC port is riddled with flaws that scream ""This game wasn't meant for this platform"". If you don't mind using a controller this can be a fun game, but personally I'd prefer to buy it on the platform it was intended for instead of settling for a rushed PC port. If you're not sold on the game as is, wait for a sale or for some patches to refine the PC experience a bit more."
,Recommended,525700,31807935,Posted: 17 May,all,1fps,nice game. pity it keeps taking me back out of fullscreen.
,Recommended,525700,33201595,Posted: 3 July,all,Blade302,"SO HARD BUT SO MUCH FUN, amazing concept, cute creatures, realistic data, what more would you want from a game like this!"
,Recommended,525700,31756434,Posted: 14 May,all,Tapejara,"Birthdays the Beginning will rope you in with its adorable creature design, but watching your world grow as new lifeforms are born is what will keep you coming back (it's always rewarding to hear the triumphant fanfare when a new lifeform appears). With a multitude of creatures to discover, three different gameplay modes (story, free play and a challenge mode) you'll likely find yourself spending a lot of time with Birthdays the Beginning.Unfortunately, the PC port isn't without its faults. The game's key bindings are bizarre and cannot be changed, and in my experience the game's controls were more suited towards a controller. Some users are also reporting low framerates, and the lack of a ""quit to desktop"" button is a puzzling omission. Thankfully, NISA is working on sorting out the latter two issues with a beta branch of the game currently available. My hope is that NISA will also fix the key binding issue to make a kb/m setup that's more practical.Despite these issues, I still had a lot of fun with the game. Those on the fence might want to wait until NISA fixes up the port, but if you can look past those issues I think it's well worth checking out."
,Not Recommended,525700,34948985,Posted: 14 September,all,Crystal Ace,"This game is not overall that fun to play for me personally, the story (if you can call it that) is bland, by the time you want to make new species you may have to give up the ones currentyl living which mimics life in some ways. I would just get my money back if I could."
76561198379441322,Recommended,525700,35002178,Posted: 16 September,all,chohyun7123,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it so laggy for me
,Recommended,525700,31746601,Posted: 14 May,all,Antagonist,"very addictive.enourmous diversity.poor controlls explenation. (may get updated. it was a console port.)alot of waiting. good for relaxing, bad for competitive gamers.i wish there was a way to change the cube brush to a sphere."
76561198331233859,Recommended,525700,31776052,Posted: 15 May,all,jneil10980,"Pretty decent game that allows you to make a vast expanse of environmental changes, ranging from deserts, mountains, deep seas to plains."
76561198081426786,Not Recommended,525700,31665419,Posted: 10 May,all,pogal,I just didn't enjoy the game as much as I thought I would.  I have refunded it because of it.
76561198119399942,Not Recommended,525700,32288847,Posted: 9 June,all,TheGameMixer,"I have been so hyped for this game got very poor frame rates as soon as I ran it I fixed it and HAD to do the tutorial which is hard because it matters on lots of luck and wating also once you are done freeplay does not work I have a very good world with lots of ocean, shallows ect and mountains,land ect but I can't get past the first two organisms the zooplankton and whatever the other one is.If anyone knows a fix please let me know I was very hyped and watched lots of youtubers on the game.4/10 fix you god damn game!"
,Recommended,525700,31763222,Posted: 14 May,all,lyliang777,"At first I just want to try it for fun. And I cannot stop playing it. Many has complain about lag problem, but I don't have that problem."
,Recommended,525700,31651933,Posted: 9 May,all,Andross,"This isn't a bad game at all. $30 for a release is actually a decent price you'll pay for entertainment. We can all agree that even today most $60 games don't give us a lot of playtime. Steam says $39.99 but it's on sale for release for $29.99. I've been following this game for a very long game and i'm excited to see it released.You'll jump into the game wondering what the heck is going on, your job is to basically create life as early as the stages of plankton up until ""Modern day man"". You do this by creating land masses or water masses by raising and lowering parts of the land. When certain requirements are met, new creatures will visit. Then new creatures will show up later while some go extinct as time passes on. So far after an hour i finished a scenario and made it all the way up to my first plant.This game does a great job at providing challenges for people, especially for completionists. Theres a giant log of all the organisms you can collect which need to have certain criteria for them to spawn. The game gives you enough hints on how to progress, but doesn't spoon feed it to you. This makes it a fun yet surprising experience. You'll have tons of things to do in the game to keep you occupied and it's 100% worth $30.The only bug i have encountered so far is after i got my first plant. I hit save game and my progress didn't save when i reopened the game, so i need to start over unfortunately.I run the game at about 200fps using the following specs below:GTX 98016gb RAMWindows 10 64-bit Homei7-6700k processor"
76561198094951303,Not Recommended,525700,31657537,Posted: 9 May,all,KetzerJefe,make the tutorial skipable. and make te graphics settings adjustable.
76561198381515062,Recommended,525700,31707322,Posted: 12 May,all,WynExplode,"This is a very awesome game,I recommend it. It's very cute and fun, BUT i don't know how to get into free play mode. So if you know please tell me."
76561198330736238,Not Recommended,525700,31710198,Posted: 12 May,all,GoldenFweddy,"This game is great, if it wasn't laggy as all hell. And don't espect if you even have a great computer, still laggy as hell. And Navi...... Hate her so much!!!!!!"
76561198043846669,Recommended,525700,31714888,Posted: 12 May,all,gloomy,Great game its pretty fun and i likes it alot :D try it out senpai!
76561198126726837,Not Recommended,525700,31830315,Posted: 18 May,all,agerber3,"There was too much lag for me to do much of anything, all I can say is, at least I got my money back."
76561198294035142,Not Recommended,525700,32136330,Posted: 2 June,all,HACKED-SKULL,"My world cannot start for some reason because my zooplankton do not breed and cannot make the first plant and it happends on every world and thats why I give it a negative its a great game but my first world was great but I just tried to make a new Huge world but then it just stopes at 8,5k zooplankton and I need 500k."
,Recommended,525700,31728188,Posted: 13 May,all,Ultadoer,"This game is one of the few simulation games in the world that is both accurate yet fantastic at the same time! Most things that will evolve are real life animals or prehistoric ones, but some animals or plants will not be found in the real world. This game is one of my new favorite games and has great potential. While this game is mainly for entertaining purposes, it can also be used for educational purposes and should be used in classes about biology or evolution. The story mode is well fleshed out and entertaining, but the sandbox mode is great fun and more realistic. The developers plan to add more stuff, and I suppport this whole-heartedly. I give this game a 10/10."
76561198165877225,Recommended,525700,34090913,Posted: 7 August,all,mappymappy20,"I normally play this in my offtime, and ocasionally record it, so I would say its an overall good game. Its super hard though. I love birthing new life and sometimes just looking at the life. But still, the game has good quailty, animations, and espicially the faces the animals make sometimes, and sometimes I laugh at the faces of the frogs, snakes, and fish."
,Recommended,525700,34357965,Posted: 19 August,all,Laurasaur,"Really relaxing to play, and an amazing sound track! Definately a little hard to get the hang of in the begining, but once you figure out the controls its a lot of fun trying to figure out what you need to do to make the next species appear!"
76561198349058330,Not Recommended,525700,34939235,Posted: 13 September,all,Golden Apple,a stupid lagy game that is a waste of money
76561198287846603,Recommended,525700,34912263,Posted: 12 September,all,Ima Derp Charizard,best
76561198050348815,Recommended,525700,31769013,Posted: 15 May,all,Garm_GK,Bought this game yesterday tried to play it and it is so slow to play it unplayable. What I mean by that is that the game it self not my computer runs at such low frames per second its unplayable and thats rediculous.If the company can figure out what may be causing this I will edit this review. And don't get me wrong looks like a good evolution and design game just needs a bit of work still.Also they need to make it so that we can skip intro.
76561198263945673,Recommended,525700,31844542,Posted: 19 May,all,Diamond_Wolfz,I Cant Get Past The Tutorial The Game Just Freezes Its Not Fair
76561198162913287,Recommended,525700,31747624,Posted: 14 May,all,SomeCoolWolf,no way to lower the graphics. It crashes when i try to start.
,Not Recommended,525700,31655537,Posted: 9 May,all,Mohenjo Daro,"The game itself looks great, the premise is cool, the evolution stands out from others. However, I can't recommend buying this game in the current state unless you have a good gaming computer. I have an old potatoe so I don't expect good frame rate, but I expeect options. This game has NO graphics options. It's a sad fact, but I can play Ark: Survival Evolved with a similar frame rate because they have options I can change.When they fix the lag issues and add graphics options I will recommend this game, until then it's a big nope."
76561198286717957,Not Recommended,525700,31656963,Posted: 9 May,all,saltshaker,It is not a bad game. I played it for 100 minutes and was enjoying it. I was really exitec to try out the freeplay mode. After a few minutes I got to zooplankton(you wouldn't understand without the game) and then I could not progress. I tried multiple strategies but my zooplankton did not grow. Lots of people are talking about how it is laggy. This was not at all a problem for me but I simply could not countinue the game and returned. Maybe I will try it again if it gets fixed.
76561198096295693,Not Recommended,525700,31811843,Posted: 17 May,all,Groomster136,"The game plays like a late beta, the info cards for the species are very lacking, the differences between many species is just a palette change. Its not a must play game, but it is mildly entertaining."
76561198111392747,Recommended,525700,32011575,Posted: 27 May,all,[KSG] satchcoon,can someone pls tell me how to open the game every time i try to open it it goes to the store and dosent open
76561198362839937,Not Recommended,525700,32370131,Posted: 12 June,all,Bloodtooth67,"My game has just jolted into a downward spiral i cant even get to the menu because i have 3fpsIfeel so upset, the game has so much potetial and yet I CANT EVEN OPEN THE MENU !_!Although the game got an update to fix this problem i had last time it only kept going down I advise any new comer to not get this game unless ya got one heck of a good computor"
76561198321585214,Recommended,525700,31661601,Posted: 10 May,all,caydenkoh,Yes This Game Is Great But When I Tried To play Free Mode I Cannot Get The 3rd Creature But When You First Try The Game It Is Very Simple To Get The 3rd Creature Im Not Sure Why This Happens But I Still Recommend This Game
76561198272205365,Not Recommended,525700,31792808,Posted: 16 May,all,khughes6,I CANNOT GET THE GAME TO LOAD!  I GET A BLANK WHITE SCREEN THEN IT GOES OFF AFTER 5 SECONDS!
76561198280367445,Recommended,525700,32328752,Posted: 10 June,all,Dannyg61105,works but laggy and i cant see my world
,Recommended,525700,31663214,Posted: 10 May,all,Hudland,I dont i have much play time but its so good. also its good for peopel that just like a lowdown experice
76561198289482895,Not Recommended,525700,32008954,Posted: 27 May,all,krm03,can open the game
76561198011086921,Recommended,525700,31666087,Posted: 10 May,all,{SCRUFF}Rifle,"Absolute WORST tutorial / story mode ever placed into any game ever.  Keyboard controls are pretty bad too.However, they are usable, and once you start free mode, the ""story"" can be dumped easily.  Painful start, but goes uphill from there."
,Not Recommended,525700,33950457,Posted: 1 August,all,DeathDragon7050,"I was super excited to play this game when I saw it was coming out. The day it came out I bought it at the price of 30$ (I think) which seems quite high for what I would consider a very simple game. But anyways this game is super cool in that there are many different creatures for you to discover. Downside is the main gameplay mechanic is raising and lowering the terrain, which gets repetitive quite quickly. And other thing is that you have this super dumb story of the player becoming the god of this world. Another annoying part of this game is that in the storyline you have a small space for land. And after doing what I gues you would call missions, your world gets expanded in each direction a little bit. You cannot change the terrain outside of your ""old size world"" until it is expanded so you have the terrain you created then a flat barren area surrounding your old size world. By the time you get your first expansion you will have grass on land. So, it would make sense that the new ground around your world also has grass? Nope, you get flat stone wThat takes ages to become hospitable. Also since your landed has been expanded a ton your tempature changes instantly hindering the ecosystem you have created. Then a few of your creatures go extinct you need to get them again to progress etc. One other problem is that this game is super quick to finish, like 1-2 days depending on how much you play. Anyways this game is pretty fun for some people but most it is really really bad"
76561198271883646,Not Recommended,525700,31910499,Posted: 22 May,all,megastarminecraft,"DO NOT GET IT!I SOULD OF LISTENED TO THE COMMETS!I got this game and i wached game play so I knew the controls (must get a controler, so hard without it) but the tutorial is so long it was 30 min long and I quit. Thare is NO WAY TO NOT DO THE TUTORIAL!! It is also SO laggy really I have a REALLY good laptop and it is so slow! LIKE REALLY SLOW!  I like the the idea and if you some how get though the lag it is awesomeBUT For 40$ NO NO NO NO"
76561198056039781,Recommended,525700,31751325,Posted: 14 May,all,Jenny,Everyone is harping about the bad controls. Use a controller! It works so much better like it was ment to be use over a computer keyboard.
76561198063604630,Not Recommended,525700,31674973,Posted: 10 May,all,PoisonPug,Needs a lag fix. I got a gaming comp and its really bad can I get a refund?
,Not Recommended,525700,31656831,Posted: 9 May,all,bruiser514,I Have the requirements for running the game and im getting almost no frames i can see theres an obvious problem with the game so if i were you id give it a few monthes and check back to see if updates have come out to fix the fps problem if nothing changes though dont buy it 1/5 stars game is unplayable! (Will refund if it stays unplayable and there is no communication from the devs as to when it will be fixed im giving them a week to fix or communicate as to when they will fix it or im refunding)
,Not Recommended,525700,31677665,Posted: 10 May,all,Gr8pboy,"Pretty dull, i was hoping for a more viva pinata type thing, but this is not that"
76561198086380785,Not Recommended,525700,31942992,Posted: 24 May,all,justjuliemills,this game looks good on youtube but you cant play it! every time i gen past all the cutsenes the game crashes and there is nothing you can do about it. this game has a good story and looks vary fun but i cant do anything. also im not righting a crap review im just giving a heads up no affence to anyone who likes this game just want to let you know.
,Recommended,525700,31652669,Posted: 9 May,all,Thor,"Overall this game has a very good consept. For the time i played it, it striked me more and more as a game aimed at children for learing evolution and therefore i lost intrest pretty soon.I'll get right to it so here are thePros :Not too badly ported.Consept is awesome.Decent tutorial.There is actually a story to the game.Cons :Awefull controls, does not matter much if you use a controller or a keyboard.Graphics aimed at children.Gameplay aimed at children.Evolution in this game is mostly BS.Items don't work like they are described.The map, even at it biggest are not large enough to keep the freemode intresting for longer periods of times.Progression in this game does not feel rewarding as you get the same rewards over and over again.This game is made for fanbois and children.Did i mention this game was made for children?NOT worth the price.Played alot of simulation games over the years, ALOT. And this, is so aimed for children it's horrific.Buy this to your kid, he/she will get alot out of it and maby learn something. But for adult's that want's something on the bit more realistic part, stick to whatever you where playing before you considered buying this.Summary : buy it for your kid. Not yourself. And buy it on console, no point getting this for pc. But i do recommend it as a  mediocre learing tool, and to get a better idea of how evolution works."
,Recommended,525700,31709862,Posted: 12 May,all,Sir StrictyShifty,Yes is good game
76561198166780161,Not Recommended,525700,32222899,Posted: 6 June,all,danieliversen,i love the game and so BUT i alredy know how to play and it is very stupid that i can't find any skip torturiel button plx add one
76561198354067729,Not Recommended,525700,32653734,Posted: 22 June,all,CRAZYBRAD21,This Game is lagging terribly its near immpossible to play with all the lag any ideas on how to fix it
76561198371102810,Not Recommended,525700,33012691,Posted: 29 June,all,williamwcorbett,my game still does not work and keeps crashing.
76561198330386501,Recommended,525700,32207001,Posted: 5 June,all,sourgamer999,what theres rules!? AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA PANIC RULES THAT I DONT KNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!lol but this game is and would be great IF MY COMUTER LOADS but other than that id reccomend this game
,Not Recommended,525700,31729152,Posted: 13 May,all,Awsomethefirst,my pc is so good and I cant run it wtf this game is no game this game is a calculator simulator
,Not Recommended,525700,33929201,Posted: 31 July,all,Noctua,"It's tragic that i bought this game for its full prize, and spent so many hours on it trying to find something fun with it. It pretty much is just something that should be a browser game, And I'm really upset that I can't refund it.."
76561198258430191,Not Recommended,525700,31685324,Posted: 11 May,all,not enough cows,fun game. but would be funner if me or half of the other people i know that have the game can get more than 5 frames a second.
,Not Recommended,525700,31759060,Posted: 14 May,all,woofpack,"terrible pc port, maybe a decent game but it controls really terrible, decided to refund"
76561198251950782,Not Recommended,525700,31713954,Posted: 12 May,all,GingerChickens,I was very exsited to plaay the game but when I started it it was so laggy I couldent contol anything. If the issue gets fixed ill recomend it.
76561198379078330,Not Recommended,525700,31907457,Posted: 22 May,all,abouty07,bad. the fps is horrablle
,Not Recommended,525700,31864411,Posted: 20 May,all,Crocoduck,Spoler: Navi is the main villain in the game.
,Not Recommended,525700,31904875,Posted: 22 May,all,NecroCloakDozer,Just don't get it. Just don't.
,Recommended,525700,31668962,Posted: 10 May,all,J102y,">Be me>Load Game Up for first time>Wants to be windowed mode and not Fullscreen>Sort all that out>Click on New Game>Someone is talking about books>I can't read>That same someone is now in a forest thanks ot the books>Again, that someone is now unconscious>He wakes up!>Suddenly, Viewtiful Joe appears!>A Blue Diamond speaks to me>Introduces itself as Navi>Getting Ocarina of Time flashbacks>Can't leave game>Begin to panic>I'm stuck in a nightmare with another Annoying companion called Navi>Alt + F4 that♥♥♥♥♥♥>Rock myself back and forth>""Hey! Listen!"" echoes in my head> I cry myself to sleep>Shh, only dreams now.Jokes asides, I'm enjoying this... Whatever it is."
,Not Recommended,525700,31655443,Posted: 9 May,all,Seonnyn,"The Game is great. It gives lots of options and slowly leads you into the building of an environment, slowly giving you more and more options and items to hand.It is great how it works, especially in the campaign mode, where you get help on what to do next (at least a bit)I didn't had any performance issues even with a one year old middle class laptop.But the Big Big Big MINUS Point right now is:NO Autosave...I just lost 2 hours of gametime, because i didn't save all the time, which i normally don't do for a pc game. Please implement some kind of Autosave which saves at least every 10 minutes of game time. Until then I can't really recommend this game yet, as you will lose a lot of progress (and I mean really a lot) if the game suddenly crashes after a couple of hours of playtime."
76561198130492689,Recommended,525700,31653248,Posted: 9 May,all,Tigermoth24,Already addicted
76561198081526989,Not Recommended,525700,31656978,Posted: 9 May,all,shawnthunderdog,"I was watching youtube series on this but when I bought the game,I can't run it at all.Don't buy this and just wait for it to be fixed."
76561198082559685,Not Recommended,525700,33254609,Posted: 4 July,all,Butch Flowers,"This is such an amazing game! So addictive and all the nay-say about the user interface is rubbish. There is nothing more exciting than watching the birth and intermingling of all the many species as you customize the habitats around them. I only leave a bad recommendation for this game and a thumbs down because they have limited time only items such as the Boxasaurus Rex which I can never enjoy because I got into the game later so, oh well too bad for me."
76561198353852487,Not Recommended,525700,31687041,Posted: 11 May,all,Playdude,"I was looking forward to play this game BUT you have to sit through a tutorial that is to long and hard, I would love if free mode was unlocked straight away. thank"
,Recommended,525700,31752025,Posted: 14 May,all,Toastedwizard,great concept but kinda broken
76561198363363373,Not Recommended,525700,31650803,Posted: 9 May,all,emawoody,its really glitchy now pls stop the glich
,Not Recommended,525700,31696565,Posted: 11 May,all,SpaceWolf223,16 FPS on a I5 intel core
,Recommended,525700,31661434,Posted: 10 May,all,OPBL,tHIs GaMe Is ePiC!1!!
76561198156622990,Not Recommended,525700,31760451,Posted: 14 May,all,olya,"Do not buy it for your laptop/computer. It lags badly. It is a fun game but I would buy it for a console, not a computer."
,Recommended,525700,31663560,Posted: 10 May,all,Shiverburn Pigeon,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥this is some 💯💯💯🐊👌🔑🌵🚨 GoOd♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥🔥👌™™Btw people who can't run this are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with potato Alienware laptops
76561198101769942,Recommended,525700,32182234,Posted: 4 June,all,Metamaster64,"A fantastic sandbox about evolution. Its a lot of fun for completionists who want to get everything, or it can be alot of fun for people who want to make a world and see what animals evolve.just be warned this game CAN get a bit repetitive, but Its still really awesome to me"
76561198125157756,Recommended,525700,31702318,Posted: 12 May,all,Mr. Makty,"Yes it is hard to learn this game and it lags a bit here and there, but is it enjoyable? Heck yes it is. Just learning the mechanics may take some time but in my opinion it is damn well worth it. The area on wich you can shape a world in your own image gets bigger after each chapter. And after completing the first chapter you can already go into free play mode so you can do everything you want without restrictions. Kill everything there is? Create an ice age? Make the planet (cube) as hot as the sun (as far as you can at least)? Go on ahead. You have so many options in this game that i can't even name them all yet. The further you get in the game the more you can enjoy it. I definitly recommend this game for others."
76561197997986395,Not Recommended,525700,31666341,Posted: 10 May,all,Sevenless,"Edit: Changed this to a no. The game gets increasingly frustrating the longer you play. Birthing animals has hidden conditions that you can't find out from playing inside the game (except in the tutorial where Navi explains in detail what conditions need to be met to advance the tutorial). The game gives you randomly super powered power ups though, which end up being all you ever use out of frustration and lack of understanding. That's how free to play goes. Challenges are either laughably easy, or suffer from the same ""what the heck do I actually need to do"" syndrome. If there was some in game means of testing, or figuring out, what the conditions are it'd be fine. There is absolutely no such ingame system though, and you can have 20-30 species running around simultaneously so there's no way to know which populations were important for that either. The more I play this, the more I regret owning it.~~~This squeeks by as ""barely recommended"". BTB is a ""sandbox puzzle"" game themed around evolution. Using real creatures, and a ""sorta realistic"" set of evolution conditions, you populate your world with various creatures by manipulating the terrain, and as a result the environment your little critters are running around in. Due to its sandbox nature, it appears to offer a lot of potential replayability and I'm certainly going to be playing more. Pricing wise it's a bit more than I'd normally pay, but due to it launching on sale (I assume due to the clunkiness of the PC port) it's tolerable. I had fun spawning my first land criter accidentally on a little island I made purely for fun, and slowly migrating it to my land body by a bridge just so it could access the other areas I'd set up for it to continue evolving in.The PC controls are clunky but manageable if you play using a hybrid of their 3 alternative PC control schemes. The tutorial doesn't give the PC commands though, it's just a direct rip of the PS4 controls and that's frankly unacceptable. There's also no key remapping, which in a PC game there's no excuse these days. The camera rotation is frankly aweful.The tutorial is long and painful, filled with instructions that don't actually work on the PCThe freeplay mode is currently bugged, you basically can't spawn your first capturable critter unless you import a save from after that creature spawns in the tutorial. Also, huge worlds are basically impossible to start fresh on. But you can import terrain from smaller worlds and avatars from smaller worlds. I think the creatures come with, so it should be possible to start on a smaller freeplay world and upgrade as you're ready for it. Unfortunately it starts you in the center of the map instead of the edge, which makes managing seas a pain.Despite all that I'm having fun and not regretting spending my money on it. If barely. Hopefully they'll pay attention to PC woes, but due to their absolute lack of marketting at the PC market, and a mere 500 players online atm, I kind of doubt they'll bother."
76561198053363430,Not Recommended,525700,31852886,Posted: 19 May,all,Lavisa01,"I was really looking forward to this game, but the first issue I ran into was that is crashed upon launch, until I reinstalled it after the update, now even though it launches once in game its far to laggy to even be considered playable. Due to the lag I have to press command buttons such as K and J more than once times before the game actually registers I've done so, and this lag only effecting the game itself, so I know its not my computer. I also can't at the time of writing this find a proper button to bring up the menu, so I can save and exit due to this lag.Other issues consist of not being able to skip over the intro before getting the start menu. The controls being badly set up/hard to get used to; there isn't an option to change them which I think there should be. I also could not find an option to adjust graphic settings, not that this game seems all of graphicly heavy, however with most games lower graphics usually helps with lag.And my final issue is that during the tutorial you can only press ESC once you are no longer on cube, and in the options you've only got your tasks, magnified display, time, switch to micromode and ask Navi. No save, exit, or game options and the ""game info"" button is not accessibleThat said I like the music and concept of the game, however the game at its current state is not worth the asking price of $43.99 CAD* and I wouldn't recommend it at this time. Hopefully these issues will be fixed soon."
76561198357051265,Recommended,525700,32108306,Posted: 1 June,all,ThatGuy,"soooooo much lag but the game looks really interesting, i have hope this will be fixed soon so i didnt waste £35 on this.update...decided to run this game on my PC as i was on my laptop at the time and the game works almost perfectly on PC just wish it would on laptop as i use it alot more as my laptop is newer and better."
76561198404452291,Recommended,525700,33746405,Posted: 23 July,all,EpicBudder25,"It's quite a lot of money for the game, but it is quite a fun game. If you don't have the money for the game, that's okay. If you do have the money, I would recommend this game to you."
,Not Recommended,525700,31719653,Posted: 13 May,all,OnlyFate,Pro:Character design is adorableThe gameplay is lacking in current market which allows this game shines on its ownProvided freedom for players to enjoyCon:Not a lot to do at the current stage. What you do at the beginning is exactly what you do after 20 hours game time.Control is bad for PC unless you have controllerThe FPS is bad even on decent PC setupBugs (The game crashed 2 times within my 2 hours game time)Lag of auto save feature (So I need to restart the game from the beinning for the 2 times crash...)This game has lag of content and I did not see much action from developer to encounter current bug. Not recommend
76561198115688282,Not Recommended,525700,31720720,Posted: 13 May,all,Kaffeetee,Dead game
