user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,527190,28519414,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,"狐憑き, 狐付き クタイバ","What can I say? Been waiting for this for what? 2 or so years? This visual novel isn't just interesting but deep in thought as well. Econ was never one of my strong suits but with this game you get a taste of the risk and reward of the stock market. Not to bash on other vn's but very few provide a serious narrative that takes itself seriously. WEE doesn't dumb itself down for the reader although the 3rd game provides hints in the way of highlighted terms (as of this post of the release of the game aren't translated, newcomers be aware). With that in mind I'd recommend buying the trilogy to get a full exprience.Only Complaints? There are no voice overs so it does feel a bit detracting from the normal vn formula. Don't get me wrong the writing is incredible and the characters are memorable, but this game deserves at least character grunts or something!Besides that the music is awesome and the art style is greatly improved this game! I recommend this game to anyone interested in economics, but also anybody who likes a good character building story (think wolf of wall street but in reverse and it's done in space and the characters are more enjoyable, basically, play it!)"
,Recommended,527190,28532857,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheManko,"The majority of visual novels on Steam are made by relative newbies when it comes to writing and storytelling. This isn’t the case with World End Economica. It’s a thinly veiled recreation of the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis, told with a level of attention to detail that requires more knowledge and research than you’d expect from your average visual novel. This is also a love story. But it takes up so little of the actual word count, that you better be on board for the economic drama, or you’ll have a miserable time.This is the third episode, so by now you should know what to expect from this series. Everything from the characterization, production values, to the pacing are all of the same quality as the past two episodes. I’m not sure if it’ll turn out to be everything you hoped, but it is in large part exactly what you think it is.I would’ve played the entirety of episode 3 in a single sitting, had I not started playing it too late in the evening for that to be feasible. The story keeps a good forward momentum between scenes, making it hard to stop reading. Many key moments hinge on characters and reader understanding how economic instruments work. This creates a dangerous balance, where the story has to make the jargon easy enough to understand quickly, and not dumb it down to the point where the characters don’t act as smart as they’re purported to be. There’s a built-in glossary this time, but at the time of writing, it isn’t translated yet. This will apparently be fixed with a patch. This isn’t a critical feature, as characters still go to some length to explain terminology in the script itself. So the glossary seems to have been added afterwards, and not something you have to wait for in order to understand what’s going on.I’m not an economist, but everything you see in the story feels correct, authentic in its portrayal. Some of the events in the story are a bit too on the nose, with how they borrow from the 2008 crisis. But in most parts, it’s believable. Using the subprime mortgage crisis as a basis for the story was a good idea, because it’s an economic scenario that has aged well. Ie, it’s likely to happen again, with how China is going through its own housing bubble. When you get to “live” the crisis like this through a story, you get a better understanding for the emotional rationalizations that made it happen, and how it’ll happen again. Putting human faces behind the companies, governments and the people on the ground, living through the build-up and collapse makes it more tangible than it is just sitting at home, watching news anchors panic.There’s three great criticisms I can level against World End Economica. First off, it’s not particularly good sci-fi. All the economic drama portrayed in episode 3 is stuff directly based off recent real world events. It was the same in the first two episodes. This isn’t how the economy will run when we have a moon colony, as we will have moved to a system beyond our current imagination. I feel it’s reasonable to expect something more visionary from sci-fi. I wouldn’t know how to begin to write such a story, so I’m actually fine with what we’ve got here. But it’s an easy thing to point out as a problem. The second thing is how characterization is packed into info heavy scenes. At times it comes across as desperate, like someone “puffing out their surprisingly developed chest”, before continuing a deep dive explanation of how credit default swaps work. Like witnessing a mashup of Frontline and harem anime. Dissonant is how I’d describe it.The third and final criticism is the most damning one. This is the one that affected me the most. The ending feels cut short. I wanted something more indulgent, I wanted an epilogue. There’s 7 bits of CG that roll over the end credits, showing scenes I would’ve liked to have seen play out as full scenes instead. This isn’t nearly as bad as Final Fantasy XV, but it just chose to end at a spot where I felt like there was something missing, which we’re forced to fill in with our imagination by looking at pictures. It took the wind out of the finale, because up until that point, it was doing everything I wanted.But overall, this is still very good. Time flew effortlessly as I read, and it was nice to see the story pay off on what it had spent three titles building up to. Anyone who enjoyed the first two will have a good time with this for sure. And maybe you’ll be more forgiving of the ending. I just feel like there was maybe 30-60 minutes missing there in the end. Just a bit more, and we would’ve had complete closure. So close! Still happy though."
,Recommended,527190,28933315,Posted: 2 January,all,Quibber123,"World End Economica. An epic tale about greed, dreams, and moon stocks. Set four years after the second game this story concludes the series in one hell of beautiful finale.First off, if you're here to check out whether or not this trilogy is worth getting, YES. ABSOLUTELY. This series is great with each installment being an improvement over the previous which were already good and great games, respectively, in their own right. Be warned though, there's a lot of economics terminology that may fly over your head, but even if you don't understand a lot of the terms the underlying story is always easy enough to follow that it shouldn't be a real issue. In fact, it may even interest you. At the very least you're bound to learn something about stocks and the economy.Unlike the first two games this one, as it should being the finale, comes to an incredibly satisfying conclusion wrapping up all loose ends that have gathered over the course of the first two. Also, unlike the first two, the pacing is faster but steadier and the story beats build up and actually reach satisfying conclusions throughout the adventure, rather then a majority of the plot transpiring rapidly near the end, which were the biggest issues the first two had.The main reason the story ended up so tight this time though is because it picks up all those dropped story beats from previous titles, and most of the character development and growth was accomplished in the previous games. This ended up allowing the characters to perform their best, no more punk kid or traumatized young adults, and for the story to focus solely on telling this final epic that was heavily inspired by the 2007 housing market crash.Pros:The best story of all three gamesThe characters shine brighter than ever (though a lot of the cast got much less screen time than in previous entries)The soundtrack is very solidThe art is as good as its ever beenI actually understood all of the stock concepts this timeA GREAT ending to the trilogyCons:Spelling errors are still present throughoutThat's really the only con. Everything else in this final installment was nearly perfect."
,Recommended,527190,28707462,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Zoreth,"Ah.. The mixed feeling when something good reaches its conclusion. Also, the satisfaction that the story I like was wrapped up without big disappointments. It was worth the wait and a fun ride.Now I'm hoping that they would make a good manga or anime adaptation. I would even accept some alterations to the story if it would lead to revealing some untold stories with certain ""side characters"". But I fear this product will be soon forgotten within the mass of inferior visual novels. Oh well."
,Recommended,527190,28581212,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jessagon,"Talk about being worth the wait.Although not without flaws, this was definitely a stunning and satisfying conclusion to the World End Economica trilogy.I just want to start off by saying that some of the side characters kind of got shafted in the end. I can understand why, since there really were a ton of intricacies regarding the complex story that they just couldn't let any extra time be wasted, but then again this is a visual novel and could've definitely run longer if needed.Moving past all that negative stuff, I just want to say that I personally adored the overarching narrative.  Even beyond all of the economics (which were great), I loved watching the characters grow over the course of the eight years that the entire series takes place.  Episode 3 shows the growth of Hal and co., via the culmination of all of the gains and losses that he and his friends have been through.  Compared to the first, and even the second games, it's clear to see how much more experienced and mature he has become, yet you can't help but feel like he's still the same kid from the first game. The appearances from characters from the first and second game also help give this episode an almost nostalgic atmosphere at times, and the worldbuilding itself was quite believable and enticing.Despite it not being perfect (but really what is?) , WEE ep3. is an excellent conclusion to the trilogy.  It might not satisfy everyone, whether it be the story not suiting your tastes or Hal not picking your favourite love interest, but aside from that, WEE ep3. is a mature and often times thought provoking visual novel and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for something with a bit more serious tone, in love with numbers, investing, or enjoy following people chasing their dreams.Just be sure to start at the episode 1 for those who may stumble on this review first.----Personal notes:  I totally almost cried at least once. I also LOVED the ending.  Super satisfying."
76561198025980821,Recommended,527190,28741011,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,RawShank,Well that was a fun final episode to read through and what a fine investment this turned out to be.ProsMakes for a great ending for this series.Music is enjoyable and relaxing.Big emphasis on economics and the stock market.Characters are interesting enough to keep the reader interested.Great suspense buildup for the end.ConsA few written mistakes and word wrapping issues but its no big deal.8/10Trilogy rating: 7.8/10
,Recommended,527190,28810938,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,AsatorPrime,There are a lot of really bad Japanese visual novels on steam. This is one of a handful I actually enjoyed and would recommend. This is not a juvenile fanservice laden piece of poorly written fanfic like most visual novels but actually tells an interesting story about economics and contains some real character growth.Now I just wish Sekai Project would stop releasing trash and focus on visual novels with actual stories. Apart from this and Fault Milestone their libery is a disgrace.
,Recommended,527190,28523550,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Changzilla,"The release of Ep. 3 is an amazing present for this holiday season. To all of us who waited this long, rejoice!This episode is a spectacular conclusion. After playing non-stop after release, I finally hit the end to an epic journey. The beautiful yet insane world of the lunar surface is the ideal setting for Hal's final showdown. A society filled with human greed, wit, struggle, and love.ProsAnother hype-inducing openingGreat references to plot points in ep 1 & 2Meaningful backgrounds for crucial momentsExciting moments like ep 1, with the character growth of ep 2An answer to: Hagana please?Cons (potential Pros)Still a lot of inner monologueMany investment terms casually tossed aroundLengthy economics discussions and explanationsLast episode (I need more)At the end of the journey, I can say that I loved World End Economica. All of it. Even though it wasn't perfect, seeing the characters grow and mature was incredible. The dreams of children transformed into the ambition of young adults. The pacing was good, though when the game slows down, it reaally slows down. Overall, I liked the story's interesting premise and the following themes:Low risk, low return- Light victories also mean light losses.High risk, high return- One moment's decision defines the rest of your life. For better or worse.WEE wonders: Maybe the giants who live unimaginable lives gambled everything they had to chase their outrageous dreams. Humans may use perfect math but their actions are downright irrational.For an objective, some characters betray their comrades, act against their conscience, exploit the weak, etc. Is it a sign of evil? Maybe. But that motivation to cast away and move forward, is something Hal fears and admires at the same time.Ambition is achieved through great loss and great success.For the expectations I had after the first two games, episode 3 was the emotional payoff. My only regret is that with more CG, full voicing, and more writing, WEE could have shined even brighter. I do want more but if this is how it ends, I'm glad it happened at all.Thank you Sekai Project for the delayed but awesome finale.Also another thank you to the developer, Spicy Tails and the writer, Isuna Hasekura.I expect great things from your upcoming project."
,Recommended,527190,28966903,Posted: 2 January,all,sndPhoenix,"Short review:WEE episodes one to three, combined, represent possibly the most intelligent, realistic and deeply affecting visual novel available on Steam, with ep03 representing a very satisfying conclusion. Read them in chronological order.Long review:World End Economica is a kinetic novel, meaning that unlike many other visual novels, it doesn't include choices. The drawback to this approach is that, as other reviews have stated, you can't choose the ending you want to see. The great strength of this approach, however, is that it allows the author to tell exactly the one true story that they wanted to share from the start.WEE succeeds at this flawlessly, using fantastic characterization and world building to tell an absorbingly realistic tale of human greed, suffering, determination, and love. Not the narrow sort of love you find in many other visual novels, but love in all its forms: Love of another person, both requited and unrequited; love of one's friends and the desperate need for their support when everything goes wrong; love for one's home, birthplace and identity; love for dreams and the struggle to attain them. WEE even manages to paint a convincing tale of how easy it is to fall in love with money and the safety money brings, and that this isn't necessarily wrong to feel.The art in episode 3 has improved from episode 1. It never quite reaches the top tier of VN quality, but art is not and never was the main draw for this series. The lack of vocals could be seen as a downside, since many visual novels bank on talented voice actors to sell the story to the reader, but it never really feels as if vocals are ""missing"" from WEE. Rather it feels like other VNs tend to use vocals to make up for other things that they lack, which isn't necessary here. It's truly more like a brilliant novel with pictures than something halfway to a movie, which works well for this sort of deep story and dense conversations.If you have absolutely no interest in the world of finance and investing, it may be hard to follow some of the dialogue and concepts, but even then you can find value in the human side of the story. If you do enjoy finance, this is absolutely the game for you. And if you enjoy it, check out Spice and Wolf (I recommend the anime version), by the same author (Isuna Hasekura)."
,Recommended,527190,29114952,Posted: 8 January,all,Abe,"Day Trader - The PicturebookWhy spend more than 50 bucks on a finance book when you can spend 40 to get threeA full guide on how to become the perfect trader, in Japanese mizuwari styleDo you want to be a successful trader? Grab this series quickly and get rich fast!"
,Recommended,527190,28999070,Posted: 3 January,all,[MC]SoCoM,It's a beautiful finale befitting the conclusion of the series.
76561198070690736,Recommended,527190,28709418,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Innocent Grey,"I wouldn't have mind waiting for another year if they madean Eleanor route, like at least one choice in the game which would decide how the story would proceed, not to say thatHagana was a bad character, it's just how the people reading interpreted the previous installments, it's possible that after reading episode 1 and 2some were rooting more for Hagana because of the development on ep1 or some rooted for Eleanor because of the development on ep2.I just thought that they should have considered the readers investment in these characters more(sorry Chris I'm sure some people rooted for you as well), though it's more of my bias talking here. I'm sure by now you know who I rooted for(I'm a sucker for blond types). Nevertheless, I enjoyed all episodes and was at my wits end waiting for ep3. Would I recommend it to others? Definitely yes.(even if my best girl didn't win, don't worry you won in my fantasies)Regarding the end it was beautiful, but 30 minutes more of dialogue wouldn't hurt write?(this misspelled word is intentional)Instead of just still pictures, like they could have released it by January just to add that extra service. It was sad to see it end but what can I say more, it's better to end on a high note than risk extending it just to see it plummet. It may seem to others that I am ranting or being sarcastic but no! I love the series and will be keeping an eye for stories like this and stories made by Spicy Tails.Very Important to know before playing Episode 3(Eleanor is best girl, I woundn't be mad if they pulled an ""I love Emilia"" sh*t out of the blue ^^)"
,Recommended,527190,29289448,Posted: 15 January,all,H a r u,"I honestly don't think this game has any cons. Ever since i bought the first EP i knew things would get even better from there on, but to think it would make me feel so emotional and this good. Who would have thought.If you're thinking about whetever you should or not buy the triology, do it.Maybe the only bad part is that it actually ends. Besides that, to me, everything was utterly flawless."
,Recommended,527190,30459062,Posted: 11 March,all,Loolicon,"Good day, reader. Let's get straight to the point: I do believe the third episode of WEE is worth your time and money if you've read and liked the other two episodes, but might not be worth it if you didn't enjoy any of the previous two episodes orif episode two was the only one you enjoyed because of your waifu Eleanor.From an entertainment standpoint I have to say that I enjoyed this one less than the two previous ones and I would like to talk about the reasons for that. I admit it's been a while since I have read episodes one and two, so take any comparison between them and this one with the whole salt shaker. I also can’t shake the feeling that I might’ve missed a few points on the story, so take that into consideration when reading.The first difference between episode three and the first and second episodes is character interaction. Understandably, most of the important characters in the other episodes have minor roles here because most of the time Hal is doing his own work, which isn’t really related to such characters, although it is still a little disappointing that some interesting characters were shoved to the side. That doesn’t mean there isn’t character development at all. Marco, a minor character from the second episode is present throughout the third one and proves to be a great support to Hal. We also see how confident Chris’ growth and how far she has reached. My nitpick with it is that there are much less interaction compared to the other episodes and many of it is for the sake of the plot.The second difference would be that the third episode is way WAY heavier on economics. Like, really heavy. I am pretty much a layperson on the matter, but I didn’t have any trouble keeping up with the plot in the other two episodes, but there were various moments in the third one that the information was too much for me to process. Many technical terms are used and the novel even gives you a small summary explaining some of them, but it is still easy to get lost if you’re not used to it. It’s not a bad thing per se, but I didn’t find it particularly enjoyable.The third difference would be the plot progression and this is tied to the second point. Most of the episode is spent on economics talk and it might get tiring if you, like me, isn’t too fond of it, but what I disliked the most is that there are too many passages where a character says something only for it to be a gateway for more technical explanation and for Hal to make a move. Minor spoiler ahead:Come on, if you’ve read it you know I’m talking about Eleanor. She went to meet Hal because the plot demanded he stayed on the Moon, so that was the only way for her to appear on the story to have that heartfelt talk with Hal and then disappear like that.Another complaint I have about episode three is the main conflict presented in the last part of the episode. Although its culmination is presented 4/5 into the story as a result of many other things which were shown throughout the story it felt like it came and went too quickly. It is mentioned in the story at some point that the solution might have some negative consequences, but it is left abstract how negative it would and it’s further downplayed by the fact it isn’t show to the reader the results of carrying on with what they came up with. I might be wrong, of course, but this was the point where I felt the author either got tired of the story or didn’t know what to do with it anymore and just wanted to end it.That brings me to my final complaint that is the lack of a proper epilogue for a proper closure to the story and what became of some things like the Housing Project, presented at the start of the story, Hal’s own dream and some more.All in all, I think this has been a worthy ride, with some disappointments here and there. It certainly could’ve been more than what it was, but it has been great nonetheless. If you decide to read it, I hope you enjoy it as much if not more than I did. Criticism is always welcome."
,Recommended,527190,31333601,Posted: 23 April,all,Draek,"Quick summary: a satisfying finale for the trilogy, an adorably sweet conclusion to its romance,anda master class on real-world economics all in one. Really.(No spoilers review)It's World End Economica volume 03, where everything from the previous volumes goes up to eleven, including its economics jargon and its characters' ocassional bouts of stupidity. Welcome to the world's sweetest, most romantic explanation of the 2007 financial crisis.Graphics: 8/10Yet another improvement over its previous entry, albeit not as much as it was in turn over the first; character designs, backgrounds and CGs are all improved. Makes it somewhat jarring when screens from the first entry are used in flashbacks, but nothing too bad. Font handling doesn't play too well with the new in-game dictionary, though, but it's a minor point most of the time.Sound: 8/10Much better than its predecessor: still no voice acting but the music fits scenes much better, they flow into one another more smoothly, and I even found myself humming a couple once or twice. Full props here.Story: 10/10Let's start with the worst: though they had been foreshadowed repeatedly throughout the entire series, some of the conflict on this volume still comes across as simply childish. I mean, seriously.But the rest, oh boy the rest. This volume is simply brilliant, it hits your emotions even harder than the previous two volumes, and it's all mixed with a deep, well researched class on economics. The author pulled no stops on this volume, and it shows: it's evident from the start it's building up to an analogue of the 2007 financial crisis while weaving it very tightly with its character drama, and truly goes all the way: concepts such as securities, bonds and credit swaps are crucial in understanding what's going on, with the narrative often pausing to explain them using graphs and even an in-game dictionary for financial terms both new and otherwise, but it also shows the emotional impact of such a crisis on people of all walks in life, both within it and mere victims.Another problematic point is that it's simply over too soon; after the climax there's barely any denouement and, though sweet, the CGs that float during the credits offer very little emotional closure. There's no plot threads left hanging, mind you, it's just... you know.Longevity: 7/10As usual, it's a kinetic novel with no choices whatsoever; but, it is longer than the previous two volumes, taking me over 7 hours of reading time, and I'm itching to get back and read it all again from the start.ConclusionA brilliant finale for a brilliant series, fantastic from start to end. Like its own characters, the series is never flawless but it's smart and has a lot of heart; in the end, I'm truly happy to have come to know it, and I think you will too. Fully recommended."
,Recommended,527190,30563244,Posted: 16 March,all,happy family planning,"3rd episode really didn't deliver as I thought, this episode spends a lot more time delving into economic theory than the others and it's very easy to get bored of reading it when the game knows you're REALLY waiting to see what the characters are doing. If you got this far to episode 3, it's nice to have loose ends wrapped up but as a complete VN, this definitely hurts the experience. Don't think anything gets as emotional as the highs presented in Episode 1 and it only goes downhill from there. If you got this far, might as well buy it but it's definitely the worst out of the trio."
,Recommended,527190,29465289,Posted: 24 January,all,Blackwhole,"This is the first VN I had bought on almost at it full price or let's just say that I bought this on bundle in winter sale so it's price doesn't drop that much, but for me buying this VN on it's almost full price isn't a big deal. Let's just say that I actually kinda hate kinetic novel like this because we can't flag route we want and getting forced to just let the flow of story. And i'm the big fan of Eleanor Schlick Schweitzer and hoping I could route her so bad, but well since it's kinetic novel I just hope would get some big fantastic ending that would happen. And after played this and reached the ending itself is basically the best ending this VN could provide. I would say this episode 3 just end the story of ""Hal"" really sweat and even if this VN got adapted to another media such as Anime like that I would be happy but if this Anime just cut off all the good content of this VN of just changing it story a bit cause of limited time then I wouldn't want this VN got adapted to another media. I would say the soundtrack on it's VN never fail to amaze you, if you just buy the episode one and thing about how trash that was then after you reached to episode three you would feel the nostalgic soundtrack in there and even you could say the trash itself become golden trash, I would willingly spend another money to the soundtrack itself if provided on Steam later and would buy another product that related about WEE's trilogy. And I would love this VN got some spin off to another way like the story from Risa's perspective about her past or maybe story of Hagana while she was gone and what she does while running away.All I could say, I'm looking forward for another Isuna Hasekura's VN or I would love to watch Spice and Wolf Anime right now after write this review.ELEANOR BEST GIRL!!!! And why there's no steam cards for Episode 3? just whyy?? And I really wanted Eleanor as my profile background, damn you Steam :("
76561198199848653,Recommended,527190,31407509,Posted: 27 April,all,luisavila897,"Just pure awesomeness. Superb way to wrap and link the events at the whole story leading to its conclusion...few stories have made me feel that every bit of it was important, or made me feel such a wide range of emotions. Can't recommend it enough."
76561198064491025,Recommended,527190,29918545,Posted: 14 February,all,Quagsir,"And finally, number three in the WEE series. The story here is another four years on from the previous episode (why four again? They seem to like the number four). This time, we are playing financial lecture with romantic subplot. Hal makes a big bet, wins big, things turn to crap and he chases after the girl he loves and we get a nice, happy, romantic ending. But, they really went full on this time with explaining how things work and even give definitions for some of the terms used. Why they didn't do that from episode one, I will never know. On top of that, they even give diagrams to show how some things work. Diagrams that simplify or break down how some of these investments work. Diagrams. DIAGRAMS. To me, putting diagrams in was wholly unnecessary because reading this you need at least a basic understanding of how these things work and because this is number three in the series, and you have almost certainly read one and two, I feel like everyone reading this has that.New characters. Satia, Dr Wallace and Gazzanica. Satia is not a very interesting character and her character barely develops over the course of the story but despite this, she is fairly important. She is the lawyer in this story and she is referred to on a number of occasions. Dr Wallace is a grumpy old man nicknamed ""The King of Pessimism"" because he specialises in short selling and is apparently very good at it. He is a good friend to Hal (yes they changed his name back to Hal here but Lisa is still Risa because screw consistency) and rival in investing. There must have been some big event where he was given that nickname but we never really get much of his background story either. Gazzanica was briefly introduced in episode two as the feisty politician. He is now the president of the Lunar surface and Hal is a member of his financial advisory committee as ""Hero of the Lunar Surface"" for bringing down Avalon.Nothing to note about artwork or music. It has barely changed. It is undoubtedly better than episode one, we even get some images reused from episode one as memories and you can definitely see a difference in the quality, but it is nothing major.To wrap up this review and the series, while this was definitely a decent ending and I did enjoy it, I felt that they went a bit overboard with trying to explain things and that number two was definitely the peak of the series. Still, who doesn't enjoy a happy romantic ending?"
,Recommended,527190,29899599,Posted: 13 February,all,FallenHawk,"Isuna Hasekura improved his writing tremendously over the course of Spice & Wolf, which was hard to tell given how long and convoluted that story became and the fact he couldn't apply complicated financial engineering concepts on a Middle Ages fantasy setting. It felt like he was running out of plots. WEE comes to sort this out with its Moon city and crazy computing power, especially in this last volume. The plot devices he comes up to propel the story forward are simple and grounded -- which is why they are so good.This volume is heavy on economic plots and terms. There was no time for us to see Hal or Chris' homes or rooms, for instance. Rooms and places (or lack thereof) were important in the first two volumes, so this omission is a testament to how the plot this time around is involved with the economy and the ""world."" There was, indeed, lack of room. It's understandable, and all the economic issues do bring out character development, but I couldn't help thinking there was something missing.One issue still left in Isuna Hasekura's writing is how randomly aggressive and impulsive the male protagonist becomes. This worked out very well for Hal when he was young, sure, but here, 8 years later and carrying the scars of his mistakes, it feels out of place.Hal grabs Hagana by the collar a little while after making up with her, even though he isn't even mad at her, and she would have every reason to react badly to this, but didn't. Lawrence in S&W nearly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Holo in some alley, but she punched him to prevent it. I think that wassupposedto be funny because she was stronger than him, but it didn't sit well with me.Finally, the music from this series has been hit-and-miss for me since the first volume, although it didn't feel as bad here.I think these are all minor points given what was achieved here, so I highly recommend this series."
76561198032451982,Recommended,527190,28600751,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,carnivorousbunny,"If you are anything like me, you were waiting for the final episode of this wonderful visual novel with bated breath. If you were expecting some grand final fight against Avalon... Then you're wrong.However the story here is probably a lot better then the boring legal proceedings that would have made up the majority of that story. I won't say anything else because you should really experience this game for yourself. If you haven't played the first two episodes... Why are you looking at this? Go and buy and play those games first!Also Hagana.That is all."
,Recommended,527190,28601995,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,catgov,"Foreword:After two long years of waiting the final part of the World End Economica Trilogy is here! I enjoyed this kinetic novel series (I am a bit biased as I am a fan of Isuna Hasekura's other works, including the not so popular Billionaire Girl manga).I am assuming the people reading this review bought and read the first two parts (...fine ""episodes""). I am only reviewing this final ""episode"".Aesthetics:Not much has changed from the previous entries in the series. The writing, visuals, and sounds work harmoniously to bring a unique experience. The problem is that this episode feels a bit rushed. Events feel forced and some character's decisions are not explained. Because of that the conclusion feels a bit forced. This is, in my opinion, a fault of the writer Hasekura. He had some forced endings in some of his other titles, Billionaire Girl being the most obvious one.... which is a shame really because he is a very good writer.The art assets are simple but beautiful. The character designs are average.Functionality:It has all the features expected from a kinetic novel (hide text, skip functionality, autoplay etc.).There are no major glaring spelling mistakes, illogical phrasings or flaws in the narrative structure (some inconsistencies are continued from ""episode"" 2, for example, Lisa from ""episode"" 1 is still called Risa).At the moment (24.12.2016) there is no Steam Overlay functionality.Enjoyment:Overall I enjoyed this novel, in spite of the rushed ending and somewhat forced events. I really enjoyed Hal's reunion with a certain character (it is not a spoiler if they show it in the Cover Art, is it?!?). In spite of its flaws (and the hard road walked by the whole series) WWE episode 03 is still fun.Conclusion:World End Economica Episode.03 is an ok conclusion to a good story. It was a bit short (finished reading it in 4 hours) and rushed but for fans of the series, it is well worth it.Other notes:None at the moment."
76561198025047055,Recommended,527190,28587328,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Flor,"A nice conclusion to the story. Based on my play time, its a little longer than the other two parts.While the linux port isn't done yet, it worked fine for me under Wine."
,Recommended,527190,28520252,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Ryzen,"Took years, but now I know where my investments went wrong. ;_;"
,Recommended,527190,28576225,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,UltraG,"Briefly, a excelent game and a good conclusion to the history. RecomendedWe wait a lot of time to read this and I don't feel disapointed by the result.The only thing that I have to complain is about the end of the last game (episode 2) . I don't understood exactly what happened since the autor did a timeskip and only summarized what happened, but this don't bother me that much.Ship(with spoilers) complains below.I really wished Hal to have chosen Eleanor instead of Hagana, not that I disliked her but I have come to like Eleanor more."
,Recommended,527190,28549045,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Savage smiley,After completing the final episode of this amazing Trilogy I must say well done Sekai/Spicy Tails. This series had a gripping story throughout and great character development. I was consistantly gripped throughout waiting for the next line of text to show up on screen. In my opinion the conclusion was perfect. Highly Reccomend buying this game and its prequels you will not be disappointed.
,Not Recommended,527190,28525047,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Op-π,"Is the visual novel itself bad? NoAm I satisfied with it? NoTake this review as a salty rant from a huge fan of episode 02spoilers for those who read for the romance aspectBest girl losesHonestly I wouldn't have mind since Hagana was the 'main girl' but much emphasis was placed on a mutual romantic development between the two main characters in Episode 02.However, with Episode 03, the romantic development was voided as she is rejected by Halover a timeskip that's skimmed over.This is worsened by the fact that she disappears from the rest of the novel except for one short scene where she and Hal meet.In my opinion, the romantic development in episode 02 was completely unnecessary, serving only to give false hope to certain readers who preferred the new girl over Hagana.tl;dr absolutely nothing comes out of the romantic development between them in chapter 02Isuna Hasekura basically gave some fans false hopes in episode 02 just to let them down for episode 03;_; i waited years to end up in disappointment"
,Recommended,527190,28529863,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Nogoodnms,"It's good. It finishes the story just fine, concludes all plot points and gives you a happy ending. Sadly, best girl Eleanor didn't win in the end, but that's to no one's surprise.One thing I am annoyed at is the use of timeskips. Such a lazy tool for a writer. Really, Hasekura? You couldn't have given us at least some of what happened during thefall of Avalon?One issue: this was pushed out really fast. Didn't go through enough QA. I saw quite a bit of spelling mistakes, randomly placed symbols, and one glaring issue: the tips, which are supposed to be this new feature to help people not familiar with the stock market get acclimated,are all still in Japanese. What the ♥♥♥♥? How did that pass QA?Anyway, it's still good. It's definitely worth the pricetag if you've been following the series."
,Recommended,527190,28581211,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Iclucian Dance,WHEN THE TSUN MELTNutButtonKreygasm
,Recommended,527190,28589511,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ngotorious,Great conclusion to the trilogy albeit a bit short. Maybe I just learnt to read really fast after waiting for this to come out.
,Recommended,527190,31188152,Posted: 16 April,all,KryTonX,GG
76561198076495316,Not Recommended,527190,31687517,Posted: 11 May,all,newageofpower,"I gave a glowing (and rated the most helpful, lol) review of WEE1; I guess I should review the series finale as well... Well... It's over, at least.Here is a breakdown of my review -Spoiler AlertStock Market Information - 9/10I learned quite a few details that I did not know before, regarding Market Derivatives and Securities.Music - 7/10Music is similar to Vol1 and Vol2, well done, well timed, but not special.Art Design - 8/10Art seems to have taken a step back from Vol2, but is still pretty good for this type of VN.Story/Taste in waifus - 1/10Story makes no sense; there are plenty of resources on the moon. I mean, mankind has a goddamn space elevator in this story, we can easily mine lunar ice, lunar He3 can be exported to Earth for hilarious profits, and lunar regolith (mostly sillicon/iron oxides) is a fairly decent 3D printer material for non-perishable bulk goods. Hell, you can manufacture PV panels by the ton and export clean power to Earth.What do you mean there's no reason to stay on the Moon other than low taxes?How would the Moon compete with low-tax nations that already exist on Earth? Look at Singapore... It's basically the same success story as WEE, except that it's based on an island on Earth instead of needing a bajillion credits for a space elevator (or even more horrendously expensive - rocketry) to colonize.Even more enraging is the MC's taste in waifus. Hagana basically nuked the Lunar (and global) economy because she thought Hal was in love with Eleanor. What. The. ♥♥♥♥.And she continues her ♥♥♥♥♥iness even after he throws away $30 billion in cash(and his dream to explore Mars)just for the chance to talk to her.Eleanor had some incredibly moving character growth in Vol2, and decided to help Hal find his love after he rejected her. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥Chris took care of Hal when he was crippled, and is now driven and strong willed individual that's about to take over the biggest Lunar Bank. It helps too that she's grown into a cutie as well.♥♥♥♥, even Risa has a good case for Best Girl as well, but he has to pick the autistic girl that he thought cucked him with Barton.Seriously, I was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I had to get up, punch the wall a few times, and take a few breaths before I could sit down and finish the series.Unfortunately, the story is the most important part of this kind of VN. As such, I cannot recommend the game."
,Recommended,527190,30380320,Posted: 7 March,all,Darbee,"Avg Read: 6.5 - 8 hrsType: Kinetic NovelDescription: The conclusive episode in this visual novel trilogy is set in the far future on the moon. Will Hal's dream be realized? It's been 8 years since the events of episode.01. With the economics of lunar city going out of control what is going to happen next?Thoughts: After speeding through this last chapter of Hal's story I'm feeling Satisfied but also a little upset with Hasekura's pacing in the last chapter. I feel that the pace of the first two or three hours is too long without much character development to the story we left in Chapter 2. Even though I felt it was slow at parts, the way he ties up the loose ends around the two girls that liked Hal was done well and in line with how they were written as plot points.Even Hagana's main drama of the end was very true to her character even if I felt it was a little weak overall. Not having a small scene after the credits was a little sad. But the scenes during the credits tell most of the ending story and closure of Hal's dream.On a side note, Not sure if Eagle was needed in the story at all. Guess he is there to show Hal's change in risk taking from the past 4 hrs compared to the young upcomers in the market. But feel Marco maybe could have been written to take this role in the story without added a character that was only shown/talked about 3-4 times.7/10"
,Recommended,527190,30821901,Posted: 29 March,all,LonM,"Good kinetic novel (no choics), story is a good continuation & conclusion to the series. Technically and visually, this seems to be quite a step up from the other episodes, with better (in my mind) art. Translation seems mostly good to me, with only a few errors. Definitely worth reading if you've enjoyed the rest of the series."
,Recommended,527190,29537915,Posted: 28 January,all,Cloudy,"Get over the information dumps and you have my favourite story, ending perfectly after 3 parts."
76561198071761252,Recommended,527190,32972709,Posted: 28 June,all,takaraet,"Better than the anime, C: The Money of Soul and Possibility Control. Hands down."
76561198082058802,Recommended,527190,33312306,Posted: 6 July,all,Gucinnio,"One of the most interesting visual novels you can get right now. Your heart will beat like crazy during deciding scenes and your mind will be focused when protagonists explain economy of Lunar Surface, all while your ears hear music perfect for that particular scenes.If you like some light romance and economy, buy all 3 episodes. This one is a perfect ending for this story."
,Recommended,527190,33534865,Posted: 14 July,all,PowerOfKappa,"A great conclusion to this series. Happening four years after the events in Episode.02, this one continues the story, and tells a fictionalized version of the subprime mortgage crisis of 2007 (if you've seen ""The Big Short"" a lot of things they talk about will surely sound familiar). In the end, I think it has a satisfying ending, leaving no loose ends (although I would have obviously preferred (spoilers)Hal to end with Eleanor, even if it was obvious that he'd end with Hagana).The novel improves more on the technical aspects compared to episode.02, with more and better music, graphics and FX. It is more heavy on economic stuff, and even if it's much better explained you'll probably end up in wikipedia, investopedia or similar sites to try to understand ABS, CDO, and all the other things the talk about.It's a fitting end to the story, and one you'll surely want to play if you've already gone through the first two episodes. And, if you haven't yet, play them all now!"
76561198040571773,Recommended,527190,29307269,Posted: 16 January,all,russell.fredrickson,"I have little else to say that hasn't been said.  This is by far the best-written visual novel that I've ever read.  The writing in the third episode isn't as good as the first, but the story is still outstanding, regardless."
76561198103300067,Recommended,527190,29300959,Posted: 16 January,all,aghanbing,"This game was finally released. Though not waiting as long as KS, I was still pretty impatient about playing it. Sadly I missed it during the first week of release.This episode is really just as good as the rest with the central plot and it's economics. And that's all you really need to know to get this episode. For people who are seeing reviews before buying the full set. I think this trilogy is definitely worth the money. It doesn't (imo) have any loose ends. Very satisfying.That part in the middle,that plot twistright after the celebration felt kinda awkwardbut I guess emotions are messy like that huhFor the ending,it's abit lack luster and feels cut short as explained by TheManko but I was pretty satisfied with how they tied the story up pretty nicely."
,Recommended,527190,28911813,Posted: 1 January,all,GOOFY GOOBER,I bought the game after the sale because I thought the series was so good so far it needed more money xD
76561198011726487,Recommended,527190,28780756,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,theycallmetomu,"SPOILER ALERT:This game will help to explain the 2007 housing market collapse and global financial crisis. Except it's on the moon.Aside from that, the inevitable title drop at the end feels awkward and out of place."
,Recommended,527190,29112679,Posted: 8 January,all,ji6,"As a mathematician and romantic, this visual novel stole my soul. I highly recommend it to anyone, even those not deeply engrossed or entertained by mathematics, due to the amazing character devolopment throughout, epic conflicts, and the number of tears it has produced despite me rarely crying."
76561198083729488,Recommended,527190,29708103,Posted: 4 February,all,Hitorigotodayo~,"The soundtrack just got better from the previous installment.Yes, there's that particular song that send me shivers when watching that particular scene.The art also gets better in the sense there's less blank scenes now.The story is a rollercoaster emotional trip that actually grips you harder than the previous two.Pity that Cerrow/Serrault is still a background character though.The only bad thing is the occasional typos and the amount of infodump needed to start the rollercoaster.Good thing they included in-game tips now so that I don't need to go to investopedia to check about it lol.Oh well, it's just like Isekura to able to make capitalism into a spiritual endeavor.Thanks to Sekai Project for bringing this masterpiece to the world."
,Recommended,527190,29851206,Posted: 11 February,all,kazenone,"An outstanding end to the trilogy, bringing everything back full circle. Brilliantly written and beautifully scored."
76561198025313326,Recommended,527190,29159257,Posted: 10 January,all,MrSljtvg,Ever wonder about the 2007/2009 housing collapse? This is a pretty nice fictionalized account of that with some decent explanations of the instruments behind it. The story also ties up a few loose ends to the previous episodes.
,Recommended,527190,28732922,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Eternally Exhausted,"I loved episode 1 and 2 so much to the point I made a fangroup dedicated to this visual novel on steam... I have been waiting for this episode for sooooooooooo long. Now that I have finally read through it all I can absolutely say this story is in my opinion a romance masterpiece.It is spice and wolf the anime on the moon with some slight tweaks but that doesnt take away from the story at all!I love the characters, the enviorment, the setting, the growth throughout the three episodes everyone has, the romance is perfect. I dont wanna spoil anything so i'll simply put it as, IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT 9/10 BUY IT! SUPPORT THIS VISUAL NOVEL SO WE MAY GET AN ANIME ONE DAY OF IT!"
,Recommended,527190,29117919,Posted: 8 January,all,kuroshiki,"10/10 recommendOne of my favorite vns now that i have finished it <3 Get it if you haven't already, it will definitely not disappoint ;~;"
76561197994565624,Recommended,527190,29103850,Posted: 7 January,all,Johnny RonBeard,"The triumphant conclusion to one of the best stories I've ever read.  World End Economica is a series of economic simulations that focus on the part that such often leave out: the people, and the hopes and the dreams that are abstracted out in the numbers.  Even if economics, finance, and math aren't your thing, World End Economica makes things like Stock Markets and Financial Crises very accessible through this focus.The characters are engaging, sometimes loveable, and sometimes infuriating but also full of surprises.  They are easy to grow attached to for good or bad.  The mood music is spot on, and some of the artwork is breathtaking, both visually and emotionally.  As education, as literature, as art, World End Economica is an amazing product."
76561197960795824,Recommended,527190,31091316,Posted: 11 April,all,xelloss,"Very good story, and a very good series.Recommended for people who like details, and learning about things . The writer, Isuna Hasekura, is basically a Japanese analogue to the fiction writer Neal Stephenson. (Author of Cryptonomicon, Interface, Baroque Cycle trilogy, among others)While the prose style is very different, to suit VN/LNs, the feel and concept of transposing real world systems into speculative fiction for the purpose of telling a detailed and well-researched story is very similar."
76561198072783559,Recommended,527190,29836412,Posted: 10 February,all,EveWake,Amazing a perfect conclusion but could of had a after story chapter.
76561198055981406,Recommended,527190,33634465,Posted: 18 July,all,majinsteph,"This game was a fitting end to a great trilogy.  I was a little confused when I first started the game; I was hoping it would continue right where vol 2 left off, since that game was really heating up when it stopped short of reaching a conclusion.  Alas, this game tells you what happened after that, but it's done in explanation format rather than letting you really experience it.  Instead of direct continuation of vol 2's plot line, this game sets up a new high-stakes plot which, after it is properly set up, had me on the edge of my seat, just like the first 2 installments.  The ending of the game didn't leave me feeling let down, or that there was more that needed to be explained, and while the main character still has much to accomplish in his life, I don't feel that there will be any more games in this series.Just like the last 2 games, I learned about some economic concepts I wasn't aware of, and they were explained in enough detail for me to understand them in the context of the game, without going in-depth enough to feel like an expert in the subject.  The music and art were of great quality that's pretty comparable to volume 2.  If you played the first 2 games, playing this one is a no-brainer, and if you haven't played any of them, you would do well to go check out vol 1 and find out just how exciting economics can be!"
76561198200819743,Recommended,527190,33189977,Posted: 3 July,all,Iroha's Snackbar,"This story has taught me that bringing about the end of the economic world (and the world itself) is a perfectly acceptable coping mechanism if your crush ends up getting together with someone else. Oh, and that watching an inaccurate movie can expedite said apocalypse. 10/10, would sell the rope used to hang them again.NINJAS"
76561198179153541,Recommended,527190,34367612,Posted: 20 August,all,Kurokami-Sama,"10/10I really enjoyed the third part of this trilogy of WEE (almost as much the other two). While the thematic of economics and the world of finance are not the most interesting topic as the basis of a history, WEE make it really worth of reading, so 100% recommende."
,Recommended,527190,35228837,Posted: 26 September,all,Black Panther,"The Visual Novel World End Economica surprised me quite a bit, it is one of those rare reads where the hero is a businessman that specializes in stocks, he is a master at reading stocks and companies. He lives in a city on the moon which is a nation on its own, but where government have almost no say in anything, it is an economic free zone, it is a bit like early US, and Hong Kong used to be and to some degree still is. It tells his story his downs and ups and about his dream, and how he works towards his goal using his brains. There is some religious elements thrown in there, but fortunately they are minor. The focus is on the hero and how he fights to achieve his dreams and for what he believes in using his brains. Towards the end I expected to be majorly dissapointed, but was positively surprised. Do not want to say to much in case one are interested in reading it. But for a non Objectivist book it was a pretty great read, and a fresh breath compared to all the other out there were people such as he are always the bad guys."
76561198026996174,Recommended,527190,34989577,Posted: 16 September,all,Endymion,"World End Economica episode 3 is the conclusion of this story trilogy. While there is the occasional spelling mistake here or there, it was a very enjoyable story itself, as well as a great conclusion to this trilogy.The characters are all well thought out and the plot, focusing in the world of high finance, is refreshing and unique as far as stories go, especially in Science-Fiction.For fans of the Light Novel/Anime/Manga series Spice & Wolf, this trilogy is a must have. Isuna Hasekura has created another brilliant story with this trilogy."
