user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,527100,32181052,Posted: 4 June,all,What a Save!,"My opinion, from a moderate Trek fan, a VR fan with high expectations, and a huge sci-fi fan, and a gamer who most enjoys games played with other people.Buy the game.If you think you will enjoy it, if the subject matter interests you, if you've ever wanted to feel like you're on the bridge of a starship, if you're ever even briefly fantasized about living a few hundred years in the future in the type of galaxy so many sci fi shows have brought to us, buy the damned game.I've been gaming for about 25 years, and I can think of maybe one or two previous instances that come anywhere close to the feeling I experienced playing this game. At first, you're getting used to it, figuring out the stations, but as the basics aren't incredibly complex. You will have an experience though, where your brain forgets about the real world. There are three Klingon birds of prey coming at you, and you are on a starship working with a crew of others to juggle the competing priorities of keeping civilians safe and destroying an attacking enemy while protecting your ship. You won't realize it at the time because you are truly immersed, but afterwards, when the moment is over, you'll recognize what just happened and a feeling of attaining the unattainable will grip you. A few years ago I payed about $200 to go skydiving, which lasted ~10 minutes. The freefall, which is what you really go for, about 45 seconds. No regrets there. The pure joy I experienced when I realized that for a time, I was the captain of a Federation starship, formulating a plan in the face of desperate odds, and communicating it with a crew who executed it without question has kept a stupid grin on my face far longer than jumping out of a plane did. For that alone, this game is easily worth the $40. You will feel as though you have crossed an item off your bucket list.Does it stand the test of time? I have about 15 hours in it already. I still enjoy it immensely. After I take care of my obligations for the day, I will throw on my Oculus and time travel. I have not played any other VR game as much as this one. Not even close. I am still finding new features and tweaks. Can I see some of the cracks, and are the yellow lines of the holodeck showing through in places? Yes. They are. There are only 5 campaign missions, although I do believe that almost all have alternate objectives, and 2-3 have multiple ways to complete them. They are also vastly different when playing on the different stations. If you're looking for depth, then mastering the Engineering station is where you'll want to be. There are a few posters on the Ubi forums that are getting into the real meat of that station, and their findings do show far more depth than I initially thought was in the sim. That said, there are nuances to Helm and Tactical that you will not discover until you've sat at their respective stations for a few hours, and with Helm there's a reasonably high skill cap.The ongoing voyages are a bit repetitive, although the randomness with regards to the strength of the enemies, and presence or absence of distractors such as mines and civilian vessels serves to keep things somewhat fresh. The other dynamic is that every crew is different, and you'll try new strategies with new people each time.I can't leave out the comedy, either. There's something about the degree of fidelity that has been created that I've laughed harder and longer playing this game than any other. Whether it's the 'entering the Matrix' type moves people do as they don their headset back in the briefing room after a bio break, making fun of PSVR players for not being able to point or getting started in a game and having the Helmsman say ""Erm, how do I make the ship go to the right?"" you'll find yourself smiling and laughing with complete strangers without reservation. My personal favourite are the dogs. Like in some other games, your characters lips move when your microphone detects sound, which is great at providing immersion, but when people have dogs in their house which start to bark, that obviously triggers the same animation. So you end up with a Tactical officer firing phasers and torpedos at Klingons while actually barking at them. I still laugh thinking about it.In closing, I recommend this game without reservation to VR fans, to Trek fans, and to space sim fans who don't mind pretending to fly a Federation starship with complete strangers. You will find yourself roleplaying. Even if you can't stand the thought of it, you'll do it. And that's the biggest strength of this title: They've built one hell of an engine. There is absolutely room for more content, and you very well may start to see the cracks and find things getting more rote with what's currently here after ~10 hours, but this game has opened the door. I keep saying to myself, if this is what we have now, what will we have in 10 years? There is a galaxy's worth of content that can be added, for sure. I would love to explore the ship, communicate meaningfully with the NPC ships, fly on other ships, engage with the Romulans, try new story arcs with missions that change based on prior decisions, explore strange planets surfaces and add functionality to the stations. But the foundation is here, and it is strong, and it is mind blowing, and you are doing yourself a disservice if you pass this opportunity up."
,Recommended,527100,32070636,Posted: 30 May,all,water,"Tactical: ""Captain, a friendly vessel is requesting assistance.""Captain: ""Shields down, ramming speed.""Helm: ""Captain? I don't think that's.....""Captain: ""Alert medical to receive everyone."""
76561198008177122,Recommended,527100,32128390,Posted: 2 June,all,Cannikin MK3,"I was chatting with my roommate while going through the training for helm when I engaged warp for the first time. To be funny, I did a facetious pretend cry and said, ""It's everything I ever wanted."" Then my brain was like, ""wait, this is actually everything we've ever wanted,"" and I became truly verklempt and started crying until my roommate gave me a hug.I lay in a course, I engaged warp, I cried. My life is forever changed.Ubisoft, you can charge me just about anything for the DLC. I will drop another $50 right this second to be a Klingon. Thank you."
,Recommended,527100,32656207,Posted: 22 June,all,ProStashio,"Oh where oh where can I start with this game?Here is my first impression for anyone that is looking to purchase this game after it (sadly) not being in the summer sales. From writing this post I have played just 2 hours of the game & I can say nothing but good things about it. I have & always will be a Star Wars fanboy but you don't need to be a ""Trekkie"" to play this game at all.The first half hour to an hour of you playing this game will be a tutorial, which sounds long & boring but it really wasn't. I found myself enjoying learning how to play & it's a must as there is a lot to learn but easy to grasp. And you need to know it before playing anything!After an hour or so of tutoral I jumped into two games, both with the same crew. My first game the guys I was playing with were really friendly & understanding that it was my first time & put my on Helm (The Pilot) where I could grasp the basics. Whilst stressfull, it was a load of fun. Having jokes & laughing when things went wrong etc.My second game with these chaps was the more stressing but the more fun expereicne. We basically said ""F**k it"" and put me in the Captain position. Not giving away too much of the mission that we played, but for anyone that knows the game... it was ""Episode 4."" For those that don't know, it's basically a really really difficult mission where you need to hold out against waves of enemies & trying to survive whilst the ship is being repaird. It sure as hell tested me, but I love playing games in the deep end & I really enjoyed the whole experience.From what I can see, the game has a lot of replayability. I'm not sure how many chapters there are, but you have 4 roles so you can play every mission in a different role each time. Along with new crews & things playing out differently each time... I can see that this game won't be boring any time soon. Luckily I didn't f**k up too badly (I may have parked up against an asteroid & the Tactician was wondering why he couldn't shoot anyting... but lets not talk about that.) Other than that, we completed both missions. This is most certainly my new fav VR game, as it makes a really nice change from all the FPS's that are available right now.10/10 from me, looking forward to playing some more!"
76561198030229674,Not Recommended,527100,34354869,Posted: 19 August,all,Quickymart,Great game but lack of updates or any response from developers. Player base is dead as missions quickly become repetative and stale.
,Not Recommended,527100,32158981,Posted: 3 June,all,electriceasel,"First off I would like to say that this is a terrific game with vast potential and I will change my review to recommended as soon as some changes are made, and those changes don't have to do with the many bugs being fixed, there are some glaring gameplay mechanics that need to be fixed.1. First one I noticed immediately on entering the initial mission - The game is on a 2D plane. (Edit - Yes, I know you can bob up and down a little bit thus giving it a z axis, but it is still on a 2D plane.) No, just....no. There is an actual scene in Wrath of Khan that addresses this poor bit of decision making by the developers. It was implemented to give more accessibility to the game and add drama to the helm position, but in the end it will drive fans off, which brings me to the next point...2. Asteroids literally freaking everywhere. Again, I understand this was added to bring drama to the helm position, but there are other immersive ways to do this, like adding the 3rd dimension to piloting skills.3. The engineering station controls phaser range, but has no tactical map. Do I really have to constantly look outside the ship in order to set my power allocation correctly? Please, add a map.4. ""Wait, didn't we just do this mission?"" You will be asking yourself this after about the 4th mission you do because you have just seen the entirety of the content the game has to offer at this point.5. There are roughly 6 avatars total that people are using for their character. This must be Star Wars with all the clones.6. Sigh, RIP KlingonsAnyway, and again, this is not a bad game. This is a great game that needs a few things done to it, but after the initial nerdgasm has worn off from being on the bridge of a starship, the above things will start to become too much of an issue to ignore. I have high hopes, but I've also played a mountain of Star Trek games with horrible mechanics that were never fixed, fingers crossed."
76561197968637088,Recommended,527100,32099520,Posted: 31 May,all,Bookman,"WOW.Just... WOW.This game pulls it off.  Yes, there are some minor hiccups with multiplayer at the moment, but you honestly don't care.  This game makes you really feel like you're commanding a starship.  I suspect it'll only get better once they add in the voice command system later this year to allow you to offer natural commands to your AI crew members.If you have a VR headset, you owe it to yourself to try this game."
,Recommended,527100,32067458,Posted: 30 May,all,skeetar (dogwizard),"Went though the first mission and just wow. Works flawless on my vive with a 980ti and is probably the most fun I've had with a single player game since SNES. Can't wait to play multiplayer.Star Trek fans: This is essential. You've been waiting for this your whole life, even if you didn't know it."
,Recommended,527100,32122129,Posted: 1 June,all,Beepin,Do you like Star Trek?Do you like Cooperative games?Does the idea of manning a futuristic military space vessel while roleplaying as a service member trying to coordinate with a team on missions lasting 20 minutes to an hour sound like fun?Did you think it was possible for a game set in a futuristic space setting to have an alternate game mode that makes you feel like you went back in time even though you're still in the distant future?Do you have VR?This is for you.
,Recommended,527100,32145766,Posted: 2 June,all,NEWater,>be me>play Bridge Crew for the first time>Tactical officer>it's Ensign NEWater's first mission. A rescue op! Should be easy.>ship hails us>Kobayashi Maru>[The Original Series intensifies]>Klingons attack!>Kills 6 Birds of Prey like a boss>Captain goes full bloodlust>Engineering keeps everyone alive with phaser power to spare with 400 APM in VR>Helm keeps everything in firing range>Holocausted a total of 19 Birds of Prey with all torpedoes expended>Everyone dies10/10 will send Klingons to Sto'Vo'Kor again
76561197965160538,Not Recommended,527100,34134080,Posted: 9 August,all,;-) NightStalker,Very interesting concept but not worth 50 bucks right now.  Not a huge multiplayer base so you wait for a while for people to load up... and really the captain doesn't do much if the other people know what they are doing... Much more fun as a role playing game with 3 IRL friends to hop on for a lil while.
76561198040015874,Recommended,527100,32583892,Posted: 19 June,all,Dark Schneider,"This game rocks 18 hours in so far! This showcases well IMHO the best parts of VR. It's cross platform HTC/Oculus/PSVR and sit down so no one is left out or getting motion sick. This is the slosest ST sim you will get for the tech today. The scenery when you use the external view is beautiful outer space scenery. You get to have tons of laughs and drawn into the immersion doing goofy stuff with your arms and endless banter. The gameplay is not too hard to learn if you play the tutorials and serves the cannon as faithfully as a game can. While you can play solo and order the AIs as captain or take over their stations at will it gets exhausting in intense fights solo but challenging too. Co-op multiplayer is where this game shines when you gets friends together or have a good random crew.My only complaint is while this is a polished AAA title it needs more content for the hard core players but most casual players will not get bored too fast. More character customization races and looks, more ships to fight and fly. That can all be added by DLC or they just make a better sequel but I think this game hits all the important points a complete title should. I think that was their idea. The endless voyages and generated content will make it replayable for awhile, with your freinds or multiplayer it's endless fun.I highly reccommend supporting this title so they are inclined to make more content as they alluded to in the past. This is a good testing the waters title IMHO."
76561198038078058,Recommended,527100,32187872,Posted: 4 June,all,adsilcott,"Born too late to explore the earth, too soon to explore the stars...At least I was born in time to do it in VRI can't get enough of this game, it's a childhood dream come true.Completing a mission with a really competent crew is an amazing feeling. Fortunately failing a mission with a confused crew trying to figure out TOS enterprise controls can be hilarious and fun as well.While the game has plenty of issues, one of the top negative reviews right now has some points that I disagree with, so I wanted to address those:Yes the game is on a 2d plane, though you can ascend and descend some to avoid obstacles. I'm not sure how much it would benefit the game to change this, and it would probably make it much more difficult to command and pilot. Helm already takes a lot of concentration to playwell. The review mentions the Wrath of Khan scene, but most of the show takes place on two dimensions as well-- i.e. ships always encounter each other in the correct orientation, and honestly it would feel weird if they didn't.While making it more 3d could be a cool option, what I really disagree with is the complaint that engineering controls phaser range without having a tactical map-- this is anexcellentdesign decision that forces cooperation. Playing engineering well involves responding to and anticipating verbal prompts from both helm and tactical, balancing the demands for engines and phasers through communication. Without that dynamic, engineering would feel more isolated and not as interesting.My main complaint was already that engineering feels a little unbalanced. While in the heat of battle there's almost too much to do, other times there's too little and it can get kind of boring. Giving engineering some control over scanning range might help on more stealthy missions.What I'd really love is if you could control engineeringfromengineering, using only verbal communication from the bridge to make adjustments, getting direct visual feedback on the kind of stresses that rerouting power has on the ship and watching as AI crew members run around trying to repair things!I'm really hoping this game does well enough to justify content like that. I would love more ships/bridges! Bring on the NCC-1701-A refit and NCC-1701-D!There are plenty of bugs in the game, like the infinite warp glitch, that I hope get fixed. Some of the assets could be improved, and there needs to be more content.But it's all worth it for the moments when everything comes together and you get totally immersed in the game. You forget that you're in your living room, and for a moment you're actually out there among the stars."
,Recommended,527100,32319761,Posted: 10 June,all,Crafty,"This is a hard review to write.  I absolutely love the game, but it does have some glaring inefficiencies. First off, I cannot be 100% unbiased because I have been a Star Trek fan for decades, and I think if you are a Star Trek fan and you have VR this is a must have for your collection.  No question.  It fulfills the dream of commanding a Federation Starship, so if you are a Trekker, this game is  for you.  This game is very immersive, to the point of making you forget you are in VR.  Part of that is the social aspect of the game.  You truly feel like you are sharing the bridge with others.  The sounds and bridge design are great and fill out the experience.I don't think I need to go into detail on the various stations.  Other reviewers have covered them.  I'll just say a lot of work obviously went into their designs, and though it is easy to learn the basics there is room for growth in each station.  The throwback NCC-1701 bridge is incredibly detailed and fun to play, but let's face it 1960's technology wasn't meant to fly between stars or efficiently dogfight other starships.  :-)It has also been mentioned that there is not a lot of mission content, and though that is true there are many ways to approach each mission so even if you've played a similar mission in the past, you can find new ways to accomplish it.  You also get very different challenges depending on the station you're operating, so even with somwhat sparse mission content you can keep the game feeling fresh.   Player personalities also have a lot to do with the feel of each mission.  From a content perspective the game could use more, and I'm hopeful for future DLCs, but in it's current state I feel it is worth the money.Okay, now to address some of the glaring issues.  Since this is not an Early Release title certain glitches, and shortsighted design take away from the experience.  On the glitches front, there is an obvious issue pushing the ""Engage"" lever forward on the Helm station.  It jitters and you can't get a solid grip on it.  At first I thought it might be just my controller or VR rig (Vive), but I've seen others have the same problem across platforms, so it is a bug.  This needs to be fixed Ubisoft.  This is not an Early Access title, the controls should be seamless.   The game is still a recent release, and they may intend to rollout some patches, so I am hopeful they fix that one.  Seconds matter when in the heat of battle and to have your mission cut short because of a bug in the software is frustrating.That is if you even get to start a mission, which is my next glaring issue.  AFK'd players are ruining the multiplayer experience, and there is no reason that should happen.  It's like the developers were so busy playing with each other in private matches, they didn't even consider the implications of a player taking off their headset and walking away for hours.  Of course, who would do that?   This was incredibly SHORTSIGHTED.  When you have an AFK'd player in the ready room you cannot kick them, and you cannot start a mission without them selecting a position.  This is just stupid.  Either find a way to time them out and send them back to the main menu, or give the person who selects the captain role the ability to kick them, or allow the other two or three players to start a match without filling out all of the roles.  There are solutions to this problem that shoud not have existed to begin with!   Fix it!Okay, since this is a Star Trek title it's going to take a lot of heat from the ""purists"".- No Ubisoft, space is not littered with so many objects.  Asteroids or space debris in every location is unrealistic.  You want to add a challenge to the Helm position, I get it, but it could have been done other -better- ways.- 2D plane vs 3D plane.   Yes there is a Z axis, but nothing ever uses it.  You'll never have a Bird of Prey uncloak five kilometers above or below you.  As a helmsman you are unable to pitch or roll the ship, but you do have the ability to increase or decrease it's elevation.  I understand this decision.  It's all about money.  If you add pitch and roll action to the ship, and place targets 360 degrees in all directions, it would get crazy.  That would be more like Elite Dangerous, and like Elite Dangerous only hardcore sim fans and space purists would buy into it.  It would have reduced the marketablity of the game and increased development costs, so I understand the decision.- No star map.  In the 23rd century we should have a complete map of the galaxy.  Star Trek is one of me most well-defined sci-fi universes out there; with clear cut factions.   There is such a thing as Federation space, Ubisoft.   Though the game sends you to the Klingon Netural Zone, you cannot see it defined on any map any where.  This is frustrating.  You don't have to let us travel to all of the locations, but they should be defined.- Inescapable feeling like you are on rails.  If I have a fully functional warp core, and I see 20 other star systems on my map, I should be able to warp to any of them.   You can fail my mission if you'd like, but don't prevent me from setting a course for impulse or warp just because it's not in the plot line; either I'm commanding the ship or I'm not.   It breaks immersion.  Stop it.- Misinterpretation of Warp and Impulse, and locked controls during flight.  If the developers ever watched Star Trek, then they would know, you just don't go to warp.   You need to set a warp-factor.  This does not exist in the game.  The game engages Impulse in the same way that Warp is established.  One is interstellar, and the other interplanetary.  There should be more of a distiction between the two.  The maps, because they are represented in a flat matter, look similar.  So it's easy to get confused between the two,  In both situations, when you engage warp and impulse, the buttons on the console freeze.  You can't click anything, like we are still back in the days of singlethreaded processing.  If they didn't want to represent the travel on the station scopes so that they could ""load"" the destination, they could have locked out those fuctions like they do with the engineering station.  It breaks immersion.  ""Sorry Captain, we're at Impulse, you can't change the viewscreen.""- Lack of mobility.  I've seen this commented on, and even though it would be nice to be able to get up and walk around the bridge, I think I like it the way it is.  I personally don't want my tactical officer walking away from their station during battle.  However, I think they could add mobility to the Captain's position.  Where they could look over the shoulder of the tactical officer or helm.  Beyond that, I like the seated position.  However, the devs should build in a little more flexibility.  I find myself moving out of range a lot, so it is too restrictive at that moment to be comfortable.Okay, now for my wishlist through DLC or update:- More missions. More races.  More ships.  Less asteroids.- More bridge stations - It would be cool to see a Science Station that could perform planetary scans.  I feel that one is missing, but a communications station could also be fun if they improved the ship-to-ship interactions.- Improve ship-to-ship interactions - Many episodes of Star Trek had heavy elements of diplomacy.  As it currently stands there is no two-way communication in this game between ships.  You only receive distress calls, starfleet orders or threats from Klingons.   No way to hail an enemy vessle.  How many times have we seen them do that on the show?  It's missing here.In conclusion, this a great game with some room for improvement.  Though I show my age, I was around when the original series aired in the 60's.  I was young and didn't really become a fan of the show until the 70's.  It made me dream of commanding a starship, and now 40 years later, I finally get a taste of it.  Thank you Ubisoft, it is worth every penny I spent."
,Recommended,527100,32069680,Posted: 30 May,all,Medic Twizz,"Just YES!YES YES YES, FINALLY we get to see what VR can do and this is exactly the sort of thing it was built for! The cross platform with other users even on the ps4 works flawlessly and even if it is just you on your own or only with 1 more human crew you can control the AI well enough to get the job done.This is just my childhood fantasy becomming a reality. Worth every penny."
,Not Recommended,527100,34127377,Posted: 9 August,all,Ted,"Good:- Immersion (an excellent implementation of VR)- Comradery (mission success depends on every team member doing their part)- Hilarious moments (some of your teammates may be baked on weed, or several ales in)- Cross platform (you'll be paired with Playstation VR players)- Good performance for lackluster VR machines (despite simple graphics)Bad:- Way too short (Five campaign missions and you're done. Ongoing Voyages are the same four randomly generated missions with similar objectives: rescue, survey, defend, attack. There is a ranking system, but in 20 hours, I already made it to Captain, currently the highest rank possible.)- Very simple graphics (although preferable to a low frame rate)- Poor value received for the money spent ($50 for a game that lasts only ~22 hours)Thumbs down. Will flip to a Thumbs Up when they release content updates that expands the campaign and Ongoing Voyages missions. The game is missing Romulan encounters. Nonwithstanding that this may be the Original Series reboot (J.J. Abrams), the Borg are also noticably absent."
,Recommended,527100,32097095,Posted: 31 May,all,qurgh,"This is THE best Star Trek game to date, and the best VR game I've played so far.It just needs playable Klingon ships and a PvP mode!"
,Recommended,527100,32067517,Posted: 30 May,all,Dasch Madison,"OMG... Yes, I'd been hoping this was good on the Vive and it is, AWESEOME!Training is fully fleshed out in a Holodeck simulation, Singleplayer has a Campaign and endless mode (Rogue like with proceedurley generated objectives/missions)I chose to play using the Vive Headset but instead of the Vive controllers I use the Steam controller as it's a sitting game and I don't wanna be flailing about like a Klingon in a room full of Romulans...First sitting game that's really well done, I did like Elite Dangerous but it isn't optimised for VR as much as this is. Really awesome looking visuals, detal, text is easy to read and legible, menus and interface all feel natural and intuitive, love the way you can play captain but switch into each of the three stations (Helm, Tactical, Engineering) hot seat style if needed... I'm finally gonna get some real use out of my Vive!Processor Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-3770 CPU @ 3.40GHzVideo Card NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970RAM 16 GBOperating System Microsoft Windows 10, 64-bit"
,Not Recommended,527100,32575068,Posted: 19 June,all,Jas107,"Sorry I loved this game at launch but now I have managed to see it for what it is... overpriced student VR project. It really has no core gameplay and has nothing really beyond some really basic things. They could of made a game that is so deep and star trek orientated but then you see this for what it is and realise that there is nothing there that they are selling for a silly price. Thought Ubisoft had this one in the bag but as usual they mess it up. Really hoping they provide a lot of free DLC but you know it will be £20 per DLC and not much to go with it.For customisation: 2 species... really out of all the species in the star trek world and you pick two...The controls for each part seem complex but then you learn them and realise that they are all so very basic including the helm who has up, down and pitch left and right. No inverted (to your target because obviously no upside down in space) or anything else. I played with two other friends and unless you are RP the captains job is redundant. Me and one mate even managed to do a few missions on our own by jumping about.The continuious missions are the same with no changes and seem pointless as everything resets as soon as you get back from that mission and you start another feeling like it is a whole new ship and new crew, just does not feel like it continues on from the previous. Really upset that Ubisoft has done this but I should of come to expect it.Will wait next time Ubi does something like this"
,Recommended,527100,32068053,Posted: 30 May,all,☭ Aquahopeful ☭,"Ever since I got my Vive around a half a year ago, I've been wanting a game like this and boy does it live up to my expectations! At first I was worried that this game would be too serious, but after finding a group and jumping into an enterprise run, I soon realized that it can be as fun as you and your group make it out to be. 100% completely lived up to what I hoped this game would be and I very much recommend this to anyone who has the time."
,Recommended,527100,32142774,Posted: 2 June,all,Korinra,"Bridge crew is the next social VR game from Ubisoft. While I'm not a fan of Ubisoft in general, their social VR games do seem quite well made. Werewolves Within, and now this, both great games.Pros+Easy to learn, difficult to master game play+Very fun when crew works together+Game play balanced to make all roles feel necessary at all timesCons-AFKers can't be kicked if they're the host, but you can't avoid ending up in their games sometimes-A lot of the missions feel very similar, maybe if they had some random elements would be betterOver all, the game is great, and depending on who you play with it can be tons of laughs. You can be as serious or as comedic as you want, as long as you communicate you'll do fine."
,Recommended,527100,32074560,Posted: 30 May,all,ranXerox,"Remember bridge commander?  It's better than that and in VR.  I just finished the Tutorial and started on a few missions.  I think this game is worth the price!So the intro is nice as you can pass by in a shuttle overviewing the ship.  I set my avatar, my vive controllers are intuitive as i can touch floating air control panel with my finger as well as panels on the ship's control panels.  The Adjustement I needed to do is move back from my desk as I kept smacking the controllers on it while I was trying to issue commands in VR.9/10 and this is because 10/10 don't exist."
76561198017936883,Recommended,527100,32101869,Posted: 1 June,all,Boztizch,This game will be a classic when people look back at the early days of VR. Simply Awesome!
76561198163514894,Not Recommended,527100,33604398,Posted: 17 July,all,DABO,"It is a great vr game for all setups, but the only reason I will not recommend it is because it costs way to much for the game quality and amount of content. Vr games in general are a bit pricey but this is ridiculous."
76561197999119601,Recommended,527100,32149584,Posted: 3 June,all,lokiss88,"We had an engineer that couldn't stop laughing, a navigator that had never done it before, myself on the tactical, and a captain that kinda knew how the game worked.Without delving deep into any sort of technical review, i feel i've no choice but to recommend that first time experience to anybody.A year in VR, and it feels like the very first time."
,Recommended,527100,32071937,Posted: 30 May,all,Kris.vdv,"This game is so good!  I'm playing the single player campaign missions and it really is a lot of fun.  Yes, it's expensive compared to all the other VR titles,  but for me,  it was definitely worth it and I don't see myself playing anything else the coming days!..."
76561198344708794,Not Recommended,527100,32224490,Posted: 6 June,all,shauniedarko,"Repetition.  If you like that then this game might work for you.  To be fair, the first time I slipped into this game, I was blown away. I felt like I was on a starship. I said ""Engage."" It was beautiful.  I did a couple of missions with strangers (and it only took 10 minutes for someone to make the first ""Uranus"" joke), went through the campaign missions solo.  And then it was done.  Less than 10 hours and I felt like I'd played through all the missions.  I found myself going back to other games fairly quickly.Sadly, there's just not much to this game.  Want to scan some spatial distortions? Great! There are two kinds: The kind you can hide in and the kind that will tear your ship up.  Want to fight Klingons? Great! Because you can either hide from them or fight them. There is no middle ground.  All of the missions are basically the same.  Go somewhere.  Scan something/rescue someone/blow something up.  Hide from and/or fight Klingons. Go home.  Granted, that doesn't necessarily have to be a problem.  The true joy of this game is in the multiplayer aspect. It's working with your crew to accomplish the thing!  Except that after you've played a couple of missions, your crew already knows what to do.  The missions become so repetitive and recognizable that they can either just do what they know they're supposed to do or wait for the captain to tell them what they already know they're supposed to do.With more content and other options, this game could be a hell of a lot of fun.  But they need to break the repetition.  They need to offer more than two choices.  Where's the diplomacy? Where are the away teams? Where's the self-destruct?  Instead it's literally Go Here. Do This Thing. Flight or Flee From Klingons. Go Home.  It's BORING.Honestly, I think they need to look to Star Trek Online for some better ideas.   While that game's grind sucks and it can be a money pit, it's got some fun ideas.This game could be fun. Right now, it's got about 5-10 hours of gameplay before it becomes boring.  And that's just not enough.  If Ubisoft adds some additional content, I might change my recommendation.  At this point, the game is a novelty and nothing more.Also, why the heck can't I get up and walk around the bridge?!?"
,Recommended,527100,32168015,Posted: 3 June,all,Zedex VTX,"Very thin on content.  Only a handful of missions and the random missions get samey real quick.  Still a couple of annoying glitches like the warp-loop problem.  The levelling/progress mechanism barely exists and there's no way to do anything even vaguely sophisticated such as player ratings/reputations etc.  The lobby system also leaves a lot to be desired.  And it needs Uplay.  And it's Ubisoft.  :(BUT.  When it works, which is actually most of the time,  it's probably the most enjoyable social experience you can have in VR right now.  And it's super solid fun.  The sense of presence is terrific and the mapped hand/head movements of other players really makes communicating and working together viable and fun in a way that simply has not been possible before.  You have to try it.In short, it's everything the ads make it out to be and I thoroughly recommend it for anyone interested in the idea of a VR co-op starship bridge simulator.  And if you're an actual bona fide Star Trek fan you can absolutely forgive yourself for spending a bit too much money on a game that's still a bit new and a bit light on content.Lots of great VR flagship titles are overpriced and thin on content right now - that's just the state of the young VR market.  But very few of them will keep me revisiting them like this has the potential to.But if the price still makes you seriously think twice, then just give it a while.  See if more content is added (without punishing DLC price tags) and if the main price comes down a bit.  Then it really would be a no-brainer.  Even with Uplay.IKR."
76561197982924325,Recommended,527100,34594893,Posted: 29 August,all,Spanky,Finally got the game.  Was waiting for a sale.  Just finished my first session of play and really enjoyed it!  Had NO issues with Uplay.  Fired up game from Steam and it logged me into my Uplay account and bam....game on.Love the voice commands.  Just playing single player and finishe Kobyashi Maru mission.  Got in two rounds of transports and killed two Klingon ship.  Damages two others before the Maru was destroyed.  No win but damn fun!Awesome VR game.
,Recommended,527100,32877732,Posted: 27 June,all,Personear,"Star Trek: Bridge Crew is my favorite VR game ever. It's also one of my favorite games ever. The mechanics are simple and the singleplayer is lack luster, but the game shines with multiplayer. Being a captain and commanding your own spaceship feels so rewarding. This game also has cross platform support. PC can play with Play Station and Vive can play with Oculus. This is the ideal game to bring people together. I've had games where the captain wanted to be serious and I've had games where everyone was just ♥♥♥♥ing around having fun. Both experiences are fun. Should you buy a VR headset just for this game? No. But if you have a VR headset I'd defiantly get this game."
,Recommended,527100,32121066,Posted: 1 June,all,hellhoof,"This game is incredible. It feels like the first game truly built for VR multiplayer and it's a winner. First of all, being on the bridge of the ship is amazing enough, but then you add the interaction with other players and it takes the experience over the top.The game does have a learning curve. You have to go through the training to learn how the stations work. There is no way you can just jump in. But once you have the basic grasp of the various station controls, you can use your imagination and logic to get through tasks. Each of the tasks also ratchets up the tension when you realize other players are depending on the completion of one of your tasks to advance a plan. It's really cool to be pressured that way, especially when you are forced to communicate the time left for one of your tasks to be completed. There is just enough pressure to make is exciting without having players all talk over themeselves.If this is a glimpse of what the future of VR will bring, then the future is bright!!!"
,Recommended,527100,32390261,Posted: 13 June,all,Kjasi,"Like any good Trekkie, I geek out over this game. Who doesn't want to command a crew, reroute engine power, fire the phasers, or fly a starship? No matter your role, you can enjoy this game.Setting that aside, the game is a marvel of VR engineering. It is quite possibly the best VR game ever made. I have had several sessions where I've had to stop playing because I need to charge my VIVE controllers. (After a full charge!) This level of enjoyment can be amplified if you can a great captain and a good crew! And of course, a good sense of humor!There ARE a few areas were the game falls down, and could be improved:Improved character customization. We are currently very limited in how we can make our characters look, and there's only one option if you want a beard as a human. This can (and often DOES) lead to whole crews that look like clones.New Ships: The Aegis is a fantastic look into the Abrams universe, and the original Enterprise (which most people I play with call ""hard mode"") is a perfect replication from the original show, but the game could easily lend itself to other ships, such as Voyager, the Defiant, and even the Enterprise D. And that's not including giving us access to non-federation ships! Imagine being able to fly in a Klingon Battlecruiser, or a bird of prey!Limited missions: While there are only a limited number of story missions (5), the dynamic, ongoing missions can often feel repetative and is sometimes hard to understand.Limited enemies list: So far, I've only ever encountered Klingons and pirates. I would love to see Romulans, Tholians, hell even some Ferengi would be nice.RP ways of dealing with hostile forces: Right now, there are only two ways to deal with a situation: Run or fight. Having some RP dialog interaction choices would give us a TRUE feeling of being in the Federation, able to solve things non-violently.PVP: This would make the game FANTASTIC! Being able to fight crew VS crew would definetly add to this already amazing game!Despite these issues, this is a highly enjoyable game, that I will be spending even MORE hours in. Having a good or even a great crew to play with is almost essential.If you have a VIVE or an Occulus, this is a MUST HAVE game! If you're still not sure, then get it when it comes on sale."
,Recommended,527100,32170992,Posted: 4 June,all,w1ndbreaker,"Excerpt from recent randomized mission with pug group:Me (Engineering): Hey cap'n, what's our mission today?Cap: We're going to investigate some gaseous anomalies....once our helmsman has emptied his bladder*fart sounds begin to emanate from tactical*Cap: Well obviously this crew sat at the back of the class in starfleet*fart sounds intensify*- some time later -Helm: I need more speed!Engineering: Kicking in the nitrousHelm: HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥that's fastCap: Alright Tac - target that ship and fire all weapons - we need to save the civilians!Tac: Roger that - sending it*Mission Failed*We blew up the civilian ship.Is the game perfect? No (but come on few games are 'perfect')Is it one of the best team-based VR games out right now? Hell-freaking-yes.Price tag is a smidge steep for what it is - but if you're looking for a generally mature, social, oftentimes funny gaming experience, this is where it's at.8.5/10 as long as you play multiplayerProbably 10/10 if you are a trekkie - mild RP happens organically"
,Not Recommended,527100,32302720,Posted: 9 June,all,(LoF) Rosser,"The concept, playstyle, and immersion of this game are great. I really enjoyed the simplicity and cooperation. Unfortunately the campaign is 2 hours long. In a little over 2 hours I was done with the game. You can do random missions afterwards, but they are nothing different or fun. If this had been an actual game, with an actual narrative, it would have been great. As it stands it is a 50 dollar proof of concept demo.TL; DR. It is a 50 Dollar demo."
,Recommended,527100,32100815,Posted: 31 May,all,BigSeth,"Overview:     This game feels like a step in what will make VR games unique and stand out, in the way it take you to a location you play the game, and the controls are built within VR rather then you and the controlers.  Voice Chat with your fellow players is an intrical part of the game(required before joining multiplayer).  If you are a Startrek fan you will love this, and the fact that you will be playing with many other Trekies. You can play this solo with an AI crew but it is no where near is fun and a litle more difficult then with a real crew, and the levels are the same.  The random missions tend to go fairly fast 30ish minutes, some of the longer missions can take closer to an hour, and set up and loading is fast.The Positive:The graphics are amazing and fluid, even cross platform.  And the original enterprize looks and feels amazing, although is chalenging as it was desinged to look good on tc, not for user friendlyness.The levels give you a good mix of missions that are all pretty fun to play, and get fairly difficult, as well a replayable with out getting old after the first time.  There are also random missions to keep it intreasting after you have played the story missions.The gameplay for each role is intreasting in itself.  While there is time each role will be twidling there thumbs the action on the bridge, and banter of the fellow players makes it an enjoyable break rather then tedius down time.It is largly bug free on release witch shouldn't be a plus, but I mention it since a large number of games can't seem to acomplish this.The Negitive:The game play is not overly complicated, and could become tedius very fast.  I was woried about this when I watch prerelease videos, an I think it would be very much the fact if it wasn't in VR.  I have not experinced this so far as there are four roles you can play, and a veriety of mission types, as well as you are playing with three other people that have mics (a pre requisit for playing multiplayer).Your at the mercy of other players.  This hasn't been a major problem yet, as every one is frendly, and competitent.  However I have joined a few lobbys with afk players keeping it open, but unable to start.  Forcing you to quit and rejoin another lobby, and a troll could easily ruin a game by purpusly playing a role bad or not at all, or spaming on the mic.  I hope that they will implement tools to control this before/if it becomes an issue.There is currently alot of unanswered minor questions I have and can't find answers for, regarding how certine controls function, and how ship systems interact.  I'm hoping a user made guide will answer some of these for me when one comes out, and also feel this could be part of the fun if you enjoy figuring stuff out your self.Thoughts on the future of the game:They have a lot of areas they could add content.  I heard they already are working on adding voice recognition for single player, with will improve it alot.  Some content I hope they add for free, vote kicking, mute options, and reporting incase multiplayer gets out of hand, and a way put in the type of missions you want to play before joining a lobby.Some stuff I could see them adding in free or DLC, different ships, more pre made missions.  I would also like to see player controled ships vs player controled ships but I'm not sure if the current enginge could manage that."
,Recommended,527100,33890152,Posted: 29 July,all,WeirdWizardDave,"Mysteriously lacking the JJ Verse lens flair generators, Star Trek Bridge crew is a hard beast to judge. Its solidly in the JJ verse, yet it includes the classic Enterprise as bonus bridge you can fly on. Its heavily combat focused, yet there are glimmers of a more thoughtful TNG like layer hidden within. It presents itself as being all about the multiplayer experience yet includes a surprising fun solo mode with full voice command of your ai crew. It gives you a whole region to play in but then rarely if ever has you do anything but warp to a single system.It gives all the signs of a game that never really figured out exactly what it wanted to be and wasn't given the time it needed to evolve and perhaps more worryingly be given the content it needed. If there is one thing it really needs its more content, there is still some hope (though less with each day) that Red Storm will add more content post release, either free or as DLC. Better yet a mission editor so the community could provide ongoing content would be amazing. But even without these things I can't bring myself to not recommend it, for all its faults and foibles its still a beautiful game and a wonderful experience. Even with the limited mission variety, if you've got friends to play with it'll shine at least for a time, and so long as you don't mind the odd ""misunderstanding"" it can be rewarding in a different and far more challenging waay in solo.So wait for a sale or to see if more content is forthcoming if the price looks a little steep to you, but this is a solid addition to anyone's VR library.If you want to watch me trying to command an AI crew through the missions in solo mode you can do so over herehttps://youtu.be/Q4daimUM_uQ"
,Recommended,527100,32159006,Posted: 3 June,all,jsenek,"This the best VR experience available, and maybe even one of the best gaming experiences.There isn't a ton of depth to the game's systems, but the tradeoff is that the game is accesible. It's very easy to jump in to any of the roles and just start playing, while still allowing there to be some skill to master. This isn't the kind of game where you consider quitting because some or all of the crew aren't experts- even a less capable group can pull things off, and will probably have a great time.Doing well is not so much about performing the particulars super well, although that helps, but about what youchooseto do. The game often forces groups to prioritize and make the best of a situation. Will you save more lives by taking out the enemy first, or is it a better idea to focus on beaming up survivors? Whatever you pick, pulling it off will require communicating, working together, and being a good leader or follower, which are the actually important skills to have.Matchmaking in my experience has been extemely quick and I have yet to notice any kind of lag or desynch. I have rarely experienced the dreaded stuck-in-warp bug, and unfortunately it seems that this is connection related, so some folks will come across this more than others.The biggest criticism is that there just isn't a whole lot of content. There's a ton of replayability to be had via the mission randomizer or a desire to master an encounter, but the individual bits themselves may become repetitive. It's a little telling that there are already a ton of steam reviews calling for DLC as soon as possible.Overall, this is a solid buy, even at full price. It may be the first VR game I've played that actually feels like its price would indicate, without a need to justify it due to the nature of VR's relatively small market."
,Not Recommended,527100,34745208,Posted: 4 September,all,CylonAgent,"This game falls short of expectations, which were admittedly high.  Still, the game feels a bit incomplete, even a bit shallow - more like an iPad game (in game interfaces are very tablet-like) than a serious PC simulator, particularly at the asking price. The VR element is no less than amazing but the bridge layout, interface, even the missions, pale in comparison to that of the 2002 Star Trek Bridge Commander.  Also, one major gripe, at least for me personally - the game is set in the JJ Abrams universe, which puts a damper on what would otherwise be an opportunity to immerse myself in childhood Trek (TNG, DS9, etc). I can only recommend the game at discount with the hope that the developers add new ships, missions, etc. in the future."
76561197991698116,Recommended,527100,33108998,Posted: 1 July,all,Valant,"One of the most polished VR games I have played. Extremely surreal experience. Would not only recommend this game to Star Trek fans but Sci Fi fans and tactical gamers alike. Controls are very easy to pick up and best of all, for those who have limited space to play VR this is one you will enjoy. Well worth the $59.99 price tag."
,Recommended,527100,34495048,Posted: 25 August,all,CrazyCapitalist,"It's probably the most immersive game I've played yet on my HTC vive. A few bugs here and there but overall very solid. I'm hoping future updates will bring more content and bridge officer positions. Good job, Ubisoft. Keep up the good work."
76561198012983319,Recommended,527100,33531460,Posted: 14 July,all,DrinkingCurly,"Was a bit hesitant to get this as using a DK1, but completely satisfied with my purchase. Apart from the DK1 being low resolution, absolutely loving this game.Got the hang of using a xbox one gamepad.Will definitely be saving up so I can get a rift & touch controls or get a nolo vr.Only played a few hours and I will come back for more. Such a laugh with everyone I've played with so far.Just hope that they can bring out the other Star Trek bridges as DLC"
76561197973552330,Recommended,527100,34617351,Posted: 30 August,all,XOskeletal,"As a long time Star Trek fan, the feeling of commanding a bridge crew and it's like you are actually there is awesome and words can't do it justice. The immersion is fantastic, especially with the voice commands and full body models.The downside is Uplay, like so many others have stated. You can't even play single player without a connection to UBISOFT, which is seriously ♥♥♥♥♥♥. So if their server messes up (like happened to me this morning) you are SOL.It's worth the $30 on sale in my opinion, if you are a Star Trek fan you owe yourself the experience despite UBISOFT policy."
,Recommended,527100,32183687,Posted: 4 June,all,Q++,"This game is very entertaining, particularly if you are a fan (which I am).It is a nice VR experience for newcomers, it might be a bit too much for non-gamers trying VR (even though it is a casual game). And lastly, it might be a bit of a downer to those accustomed to hardcore space sims (DFS, ED, etc fanbase out there).I advice you get this game regardless of your gamer status/level, and give it a good 10 hours of gameplay before judging.There is a WHOLE LOT ROOM FOR IMPROVEMENT though.I am passing on this review in hopes we will get:* TNG bridge* Klingon(s) bridge(s)* Ship-to-Ship co-op and vs* BUGFIXESThis game is not cheap by any measure, but I still consider it a very good value."
76561198076518473,Recommended,527100,32525085,Posted: 17 June,all,mickeymousebullshit1976,This is by far the most flipping fun VR game yet and probably one of the most fun multiplayer games ever!  I hope to God they release a crap ton of DLC for this game.  What if you could actually beam down to a planet and walk around with your crew using tricorders and phasers and fist fights?  Gah!  But this is still cool enough for now.
,Recommended,527100,32090347,Posted: 31 May,all,SuperJack,My captain was an Angry Drunk Scotsman.Not even the translator could decipher what he spoke.But he was the best Captain there is.
,Recommended,527100,32187487,Posted: 4 June,all,Yonrak,"- First time playing. Jumped into a match with 3 randoms.- Assigned to tactical officer on the original Enterprise.- Myself and the helmsman are hilariously incompetant, as everything is on retro push buttons and toggle switches- Things start to heat up. Multiple Klingon contactsCaptain: Tactical, are our shields up?Me: Uhh..... I don't know Captain.... Are they?*Torpedo rips though the ship, sending a red-shirt crewmember flying from his station, to his death at my feet*"".......Well I guess that'd be a no then, Captain."""
,Recommended,527100,33818953,Posted: 26 July,all,NES,"The best seated VR has to offer. A ripoff of Artemis Spaceship Bridge Simulator, but the Star Trek license and VR-only gameplay really makes this something special."
,Recommended,527100,34765023,Posted: 5 September,all,Redna,"I have always wanted to sit in the captains chair of a starship, now I finally get the chance from the safety of my own home! Would been cool with more ships than just the Aegis and 1701 Enterprise, like feeling the power of a Defiant class for support missions or Entrepid class for research missions! Or maybe a DLC with missions from a starbase!!! Seriously I love this game but updating it with more ships and missions would been awesome!!! Thank you so much for this game!!! :D"
76561197976697673,Recommended,527100,32180944,Posted: 4 June,all,mat552|,Exactly as good as it looks and exactly as fun as it sounds. Crossplay with PSVR and Oculus means better player counts for longer. You do not have to be a ST enthusiast to enjoy the experience.
,Recommended,527100,32186738,Posted: 4 June,all,MAGStudios,"Awesome game, great for VR and touch with CDF Starfighter VR and Robo Recall - Our Vr prayrers are being answered!"
,Recommended,527100,33067720,Posted: 30 June,all,KubeKing [KLF],"Dream come true!!! It's everything I wanted in a Star Trek game, but the only thing there needs to be more things...PEOPLPE THAT DO NOT HAVE A VR SETUP READ THIS!!!!There is a game called Pulsar Lost Colony and it is very similar and even has more bridge controls than this game you should try it out."
,Recommended,527100,32072903,Posted: 30 May,all,Captain Slogg,"The first 5 hours... Out of all the games I have tried lately, I believe this game has great potential. As it is, you are stuck in a chair. A very cool chair on an amazingly awesome bridge with 3 other players (or bots), with all kinds of flashy buttons and readouts that you can poke and watch the giant tin can you are in blow up other tin cans. The missions are interesting at this, first blush but I can see the inevitable repetativeness that comes with proceedural generation. Hopefully Ubisoft will update the game and take example from such successes as Elite: Dangerous and Pulsar: Lost Colony. With each new update could come a new sector of space or a re-visit to systems we know and fear. Who knows, in the far future we could see away mission if VR movement developes better.ultimately, I will have to vote YAY, as I cannot bring myself to veto any game that lets me be the captain of the Connie Enterprise. That alone gets my winning vote. Hopefully they will offfer us more in future."
,Recommended,527100,34647175,Posted: 31 August,all,Kerik717,"Bought this on sale for $25, I'd say it's well worth it, but NOT worth $50.It's nice to come home, put on my headset and command a starship. A must have for Star Trek fans, a great use of VR hardware, I'm glad to add it to my collection. I've played the tutorial and about 3 missions now and looked at the full list of them, and am a little disappointed by how few their are. I understand the computer will create dynamic missions that quickly become repetative. I feel there is not $50 worth of content here.I have not tried multi-player, that should be fun, especially with friends.I hope they add more content and polish the game up a bit more, there is a lot of potential here and it's not bad as-is. If they made PvP battles, it would add a lot of replayability, more ships would be welcome, honestly a bit more of EVERYTHING.This feels more like a polished demo than a fully developed complete game. There is so much more that can be done and I hope they follow through. Hoping this is a first-step of many more to come, I'd gladly buy a larger, deeper game with more features and more ships.Recommendations:1) Ships to unlock after sets of missions. Kind of a promotion or moving up for doing well in the ranks.2) Player versus player, multi-ship battles. Group battles would be cool. Maybe up to 8-10 ships?3) Factions! Play as one of three or more factions, each with their own missions and ships to unlock.4)  Off-duty activities! Be able to walk about the ship, play cards with crew-mates (AI), decorate your quarters, visit the on-ship bar, quests to fulfill on ship.This is a small list of possible features. If it were a non-VR game, a LOT more would have been expected. There isn't a good  reason to expect less from a VR game when it comes to depth..."
76561197992598190,Recommended,527100,32073494,Posted: 30 May,all,Zero-One,"After 15 minutes of kobayashi-maru type of tutorial you get to meet your first online crew.You avoid anomalies, fight klingon warbirds, repair and divert power to systems, warp and go to impulse to each objective on captain's request, scan for lifeforms (!).You can be helm, tactical, engineering and of course the captain.Each role is crucial and has his moments.As an helm your first warp (PUNCH IT!) moment is epic, your first battle really stressfull. you carefully pilot the ship in an asteroid field following the captain instruction...As tactical officer you have the finger on all the exploding and pew-pew goodness the ship has to offer, you also can distrupt systems and raise shields.Engineering is the most technical and you must micromanage every aspect, by diverting and rerouting power, engaging the warp core, assigning crew to repairs of damaged areas.You gonna be the guy giving the bad news as everyone expect your precious ship and every subsystem to always ""be at maximum""!The captain is the glue to it all, it has to play its own agenda when everyone is busy with they buttons.Fighting or fleeying? move undetected or blast your way thru with phasers?And of course you get to compliment your crew, the finest crew in starfleet, because they survived another mission together, as you instruct  the tactical to turn off shield and the engineer to power the nacelles and your helm to line up to the plotted course for the next mission.ENGAGE!10/10  must havePS: Online Crew PVP. MAKE IT SO!"
,Recommended,527100,32662366,Posted: 22 June,all,The Great Perhaps,"Amazing! For a long-time Star Trek fan, this was my dream come true. While each game depends on the team you are matched up with, the gameplay is awesome. Become fully immersed in the game and explore the final frontier with new (or old) friends!"
76561198027582549,Recommended,527100,32083208,Posted: 31 May,all,KdragonT,"Wow and what can I say, lol. I have pretty much owned my HTC Vive since day one release and have always been impressed. Over time that excitement slowly went away mainly becuase of the quality of games being released. Don't take that the wrong way as many great titles were released and I had amazing times playing them. I was simply looking for that one AAA title to blow my socks off.Along comes ST Bridge Crew and watching video's of it made me really excited but still left that uneasy feeling that yes this is going to be really cool but could be a one and done VR game like most.Really skeptical on spending $50 but man I am glad that I did. Graphically, sound, and gameplay are top notch. Sitting on a starship and looking over and seeing 3 of your crewmates is something I can't really explain and you need to experience it yourself. Great character movements and the lips sync with your voice. Each station actually has a lot of things to do and granted it is mostly pointing and clicking etc but what a great time doing it.I only played the first 3 campaign missions and with 3 friends and I have never had such a great time playing a game.Highly recommend and I have no complaints against this game and can't wait to see what is in store for the future.Please put PVP in this. :)"
,Recommended,527100,32458459,Posted: 15 June,all,Straxter,"This game is amazing.  Okay, the graphics arnt that great and people complain about just flying on  a 2d plain, and even the novaly will whare off, depending on mission sophistication, but at first I have to tell you its' a blast.  The flow of the game was well thought out and missions are chalengeing requiring the complete coopertion and skill set of the crew.  It's fun, for a minugte that I actually thought I was on a Federation Star Ship.  It's a robust program never crashing afnd everhing seems to fit into place in a  very smart but straight forward fashion."
76561198059220148,Recommended,527100,32601527,Posted: 20 June,all,dragon_12dk,"Best VR game on the market, no doubt about it. Bridge Crew is truly a game above the rest. I own the Vive, but uniquely this game is cross-platform not only with oculous users, but playstation users aswell. The gameplay is great, and the multiplayer presence brings the whole thing to life."
76561197970519663,Recommended,527100,32114434,Posted: 1 June,all,PhilLeBlanc,"Very fun online co-op action, lots of laughs. Very well designed game. This is a great game, no need to be a Star Trek fan to enjoy this one. A+++"
,Recommended,527100,32188009,Posted: 4 June,all,Launchbay07,This is the beginning of something wonderful
,Recommended,527100,35259209,Posted: 28 September,all,Pax,"This game is good for what it is, but suffers from a lack of options beyond a basic combat system. I think this is a great first step, but what is really needed is a deep story, character development, away missions....hell you could just make this a sandbox explorer with optional plot. Anyway, this is a great shell, but it could be so much more."
76561198003304367,Recommended,527100,32069111,Posted: 30 May,all,Kallen,"This is the Star Trek game that all trekkies have been waiting for, just started and love it. I hope this is just the beginning."
,Recommended,527100,32067273,Posted: 30 May,all,Mr Kuju,Extremely fun to play with friends. Ubisoft really nailed this experienced on the head. Finally a multiplayer VR experience that isn't a tech demo!!
76561198000253791,Recommended,527100,32071127,Posted: 30 May,all,EricShaun,"Great on the Vive, No troubles whatsoever, So Far. No tried it with friends yet but by yourself was quite cool also, Coming from a very casual Star Trek fan. Thumbs Up! :D"
,Recommended,527100,32120549,Posted: 1 June,all,LordCheesus,"Wow. One of the best gaming experiences available. Period. I'm not even a big ST fan, but this game has me hooked. It's an amazing look into the future and I hope it inspires more games of this design. I hope they release more for this game! It's a must have for any VR owner. Cross platform multiplayer works brilliantly. Great community! Easy to get into, hard to master. Best game available right now. Get a vr for it."
,Recommended,527100,32162728,Posted: 3 June,all,vaer-k,This is one of very best VR games on the market right now.
76561198007974541,Recommended,527100,32161862,Posted: 3 June,all,gvarr,What we all dreamed of when we were kids watching star trek on TV. Amazing experience. Though singleplayer could be made much more fun with the option for simple voice commands.
,Recommended,527100,33144310,Posted: 2 July,all,DATAMANCER,Awesome game. If you've ever wanted to call red alert on your own bridge this is the game for you.
,Recommended,527100,32095260,Posted: 31 May,all,Sexy Iron Maiden,One of the best VR experiences I have used. Probably second only to Raw Data / Onward multiplayer. But this you can sit down!
,Recommended,527100,32069395,Posted: 30 May,all,Baron von Pain,"I'm having a great time with this game.  It's a bit expensive, but if you enjoy Star Trek or even just want a team centric game for VR it's probably worth it."
76561198053372966,Recommended,527100,32070950,Posted: 30 May,all,AlphaOmega22,"Very Cool!!!, i used to pretended to pilot a space ships with my buddys when i was growing up. If your like me youll prob really dig this then, vr totally puts you in it. good controls, solid graphics!! immersion overload!! four freinds running this together would be ultimate!! that being said solo seems to be handled well also."
76561198078413036,Recommended,527100,32073368,Posted: 30 May,all,bmickeybr,"I've been counting the days for this to be released and WOW! Well worth the money if you are a star trek fan, but if not its still worthy of a look. Slight learning curve, and I mean slight , that takes you straight through the basics to the action with instant star trek appeal and gratifying visuals. Without any doubt this is the best VR game I've bought to date."
,Recommended,527100,32111956,Posted: 1 June,all,Mr Crisp,"Star Trek in Virtual Reality? Multi-crew, co-op or single player? Two bridges plus `endless` ongoing procedurally generated missions?Beam me on board.This is the authentic Star Trek universe built from the ground up for VR. Be an Engineer in control of monitoring power and transportation. Be the Captain and give orders and control the crews destiny. Be on Tactical and devlop a skill to picking targets, scanning and dog fighting with other vessels. Be Helm and control your crew between rocks and anomolies whilst you defend against Klingon Warbirds.The content is light but with four roles to play and ongoing procedurally generated missions, there is a lot of hours of fun and entertainment with ST:BC.Its not perfect.There has been a couple of glitches, sometimes hands will glitch for a frame or two- its not just me I have seen it in other peoples plays and streams. i experienced a weird audio glitch and our crew experienced a `bug` we suppose because we did what was asked of the mission yet it wouldn't work and we all agreed something was wrong.Perhaps the best part of this is probably the most controversial and thats it using Uplay- but this means cross platform with PSVR Playstation players and it works- this means more people, more crews, more games, more fun.If you like Star Trek, have VR and are looking for the killer VR game- this is it."
76561198025259191,Recommended,527100,33733780,Posted: 22 July,all,adam,"This is the reason for VR. Excellent game, and exactly the kind of diversion I've wanted For VR. The multiplayer teamwork element only heightens the sense of immersion and makes for plenty of replay value. A++++++ will play again!"
76561198043707259,Recommended,527100,33752553,Posted: 23 July,all,Collywobbles,"I've played this more than any other VR game/experience at this point, and I've only had it for a couple of weeks. It would be very interesting to see the next version adding more posts (like science officer, communications officer, and medical officer). I can hope they do and that this game gets enough traction to warrant a sequel. I've had some amazing experiences with great crews, hairy situations, and narrow escapes."
,Recommended,527100,32070744,Posted: 30 May,all,VikingWolf,IM IN STAR TREK!!! whats not to like. this is a must for Trekkies. and ive only donw the training. cant wait to get into it more
,Recommended,527100,32374839,Posted: 12 June,all,Dan_R,"Wow what can I say. I've been waiting for this game for ages, its the reason I bought an oculus CV1. It's amazing. The controls are easy to get to grips with. Thats with the touch controllers or game pad. It works flawlessly with my headset, the game is extremly stable not had a single crash so far. The graphics are amazing. My brother has a DK2 which this game works perfectly with in conjunction with a controller. If you are a trekker or a trekkie this game is for you. The little tweaks make this game. I'm not going to spoil it for you but this game has so much potential and expandability its scary. Brilliant game ENGAGE......"
76561198211679020,Recommended,527100,34622402,Posted: 30 August,all,DrSwam,"Holy cr*p the game is amazing! I bought the Oculus rift just so I could play this game and it was well worth it. You feel as if you are actually on the bridge of the ship and with all the detection sound stuff and what-not adds all the extra immersion. The community is friendly and can have some really good times with other online players, the campain and on-going missions feature is well made as well. If in single player you can either give orders by selecting the crewmen then issuing it or use voice commands which work majority of the time! The original Enterprise is also really fun (in my expiriance). Not many people like it because its hard to use with all the buttons not being labled... RUBBISH!!! Turn on the labels thing with that one button you have (different on each controller) and play like that, or memorize it like I have done, which takes time. Now I'm rambling but to sum it all up, Star Trek: Bridge Crew is a really well made game with a friendly community as well as an active one. I give it a 10/10 rating as a whole as it is well made (as I keep saying) and really, really fun to play!"
76561197984701816,Recommended,527100,32121810,Posted: 1 June,all,Warrior of Xenu {XnU},"The only thing that gave me pause was how weird of an idea it was to play this sort of multiplayer experience with total strangers.  After the first game, I no longer worried about that.  This game attracts a good set of people having fun and even though everyone is hundreds or thousands of miles away, might as well be in a garage watching old episodes and having a few beers.If you have VR, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,527100,32173375,Posted: 4 June,all,Feem0r,This is so immersive and fun. The social aspect is really engaging from achieving the objectives to working with your crew. I met some really fun people. I realized more about how I play and the roles in the game were insightful from a teamwork perspective.
,Recommended,527100,32097645,Posted: 31 May,all,Gramidar,OMG i totally went to retro bridge first using the buttons and switches just like TOS was amazing exp. completly recommended!!!!!
,Recommended,527100,32320034,Posted: 10 June,all,roosterj,"Awesome game!  Love the Co-op play!  However, the game is not perfect.  Rank progresion is to easy.  Ongoing missions should be ongoing, not sending be to the rec room after each mission.  With the limited content avaliable, the game feels more like a beta than a complete game.Game needs PVP. I need to fly a warbird against the federation dogs!The co-op bridge is an awesome concept.  I hope to see other games adopt the model."
,Recommended,527100,32608476,Posted: 20 June,all,jkbond646,What an amazing game. Highly recommend for any Trek fan!
76561198353119501,Recommended,527100,32075115,Posted: 30 May,all,jroc2680,"One of the best VR games to date.  Gave it a try and spent 2 hours before I had to put it down.   Can't wait to get back in.  Amazing experience.  In my opinion, one of the best thus far."
76561198065904488,Recommended,527100,34199956,Posted: 12 August,all,Greedy SpaceMan,"this game is awesome and i could sing its praises all day,but i wont and ill just say that its pretty damn awesome if your a star trek fan or not this game is a must try for VR. that being said i will say this one thing. . . . why does solo adventures with AI crew need internet connection? i was playing first mission and was pretty much at the end of the mission when i was taken out by a hiccup in my internet and suddenly i lost the entire mission. if i was in a game with friends i would understand and if i was playing something that needed online i would understand, but i was on a solo mission which required neither and now i feel betrayed. please do something about this if you can cause ui pretty much just wanted to toss my headset when this happened with such an almost perfect game. . ."
,Recommended,527100,32083232,Posted: 31 May,all,Scooter,"A fun and a social game. There's no doubt it's the MP that makes it shine, and the fun you will have depends a lot on the crew you're playing with. Graphics are good for VR, clear text, easy to read. Looks really good with SS. I still think it definitvly could be more content and more to do. How awesome wouldn't it be if you could go down onto planets in coop missions or onto other ships?Still, all in all, yes it's worth the money. I'm absolutly no star trek fan, but I really enjoyed this game still. The biggest problem as far as I can see, is that it should be more content."
,Recommended,527100,32089174,Posted: 31 May,all,ENIAC,"Cross platform between Oculus, Vive, and PS4. Win"
,Recommended,527100,32084112,Posted: 31 May,all,Woodhouse,"This game is amazing fun to have with friends or even perfect strangers.  Each position feels challenging and interesting to use, I was pleasantly surprised how fun Engineering is.The game can get a little glitchy at times but that was a rare experience for me, I do hope they fix it soon though.Wishlist:TNG Bridge!"
,Recommended,527100,32079249,Posted: 30 May,all,PlanB2501,"I'm going to keep it short and sweet. This game is really fun. The social aspect is cool, graphics are good and game play is easy to pick-up. The different game modes gives you a lengthy gameplay experience.This game starts to fill the void in VR of full length AAA titles. I'm very excited to get into this game some more."
,Recommended,527100,32076586,Posted: 30 May,all,SpacePope42,I was skeptical of the price point but after having spent just over an hour playing - totally worth it. Every cent.10/10 Will engage warp again.
,Recommended,527100,32094410,Posted: 31 May,all,Nefrai,"Picked this up yesterday, and have ran through about 4 missions solo so far (will play with friends after they pick it up soon). I've been wanting a game like this in VR since Artemis, and so far I love it.I play on Vive with the Vive controllers (I don't know why people use a gamepad on this game...use the Vive controllers or Rift Touch, so much better).Graphics are nice for a VR game, the bridge looks nice as does space. It's a simpler game than Artemis so far, but I get the same feel from it, and it still has some complexity. It's rare that I am willing to pay this much on a VR game, but this is a must-buy. This is the kind of game I bought VR for in the first place.The game runs super smooth, I run a GTX1080ti. Have had no graphical issues at all, no slowdown, performance has been great."
,Recommended,527100,32158779,Posted: 3 June,all,Branoic,"A fantastic VR experience. Ignore the crybabies moaning about price - its the same story over and over again on the Steam forums no matter what the game is, This is a true AAA VR game, something we don't have enough of and we need for the medium to continue to grow! The cross-platform functionality is also essential for future VR growth. The game itself is great fun. I have no real life friends with VR headsets, so I rely on random matchups, but i've already found and friended individuals i'm happy to fly with. Essential purchase IMO for anyone with VR."
76561197963141848,Recommended,527100,32136031,Posted: 2 June,all,squirrel army,"This is a lot of fun.  Hats off to ubisoft, it's been a long time since i've been able to say it.  They delivered on this as promised and somehow didn't get greedy with the star trek name.  They could have totally released this in 2d and gouged a bunch of people but they didn't.  Really spot on execution of VR and team based gameplay with collaboration, it makes this a unique title with tons of replay value.  Cross platform gameplay is great on this, there's always a game to join.The only things i'd say they the could add that would be helpful:-Get rid of the black screen when moving to far-allow us to adjust the height of the consoles or positions of the chairs, sometimes i have to push buttons and I hit my balls.  Some customization there would be nice-More missions-the ability to team up with other crews for fleet based missions-DLCRight now this title is definitely worth it as is, definitely can see tons of play time here."
,Recommended,527100,32136467,Posted: 2 June,all,Smarty_771,"This game is amazing. I have so much fun playing.. definitely the best game in my VR library, and I've only had it for 3 days! I'm not even a star trek ""fan,"" and I'm digging this game!! I really recommend it!"
,Recommended,527100,32138434,Posted: 2 June,all,Darth Llama,"This is how I pictured gaming when I first heard of Virtual Reality gaming. As a single player game, it's good.. but as a coop game, it's amazing. Missions are fun, game play is smooth, the game looks great and sounds fantastic. Positional audio works great, it's easy to know who is talking. You get a few friends together for this one and it's a great time. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,527100,32138900,Posted: 2 June,all,evensis,"First VR game worthy of a AAA title price tag, very well made, really good fun. Haven't come across a single bug, the multiplayer really is where it is at. Highly recommended, made me pick my Rift up again after a myriad of poor title releases."
,Recommended,527100,32077778,Posted: 30 May,all,"Chet ""The Jet"" Stevens","Wow!  I haven't played much, but from what I have played, I'm blown away. Ubisoft has really outdone themselves here.  Easily one of the best VR games I own, if not the best.  Great concept AND great execution.  Strong teamwork is a requirement, but that's just another plus for this game.  All of that plus you essentially get to be on Star Trek?  Awesome! You get to be in 1 of 4 positions on a team with 3 others.  You guys have to work together to control the ship and complete missions.  It's super freaking cool.  If you're considering buying this game, do it.  It's a safe bet."
,Recommended,527100,32078437,Posted: 30 May,all,Whirlmeister,"This is absolutely brilliant.Usually I'm very dubious about a seated game. One of the beast things about VR is the ability to move around within your play space, so the very idea of a game where you dont move much raises doubts. However from the first moment I started playing I couldn't stop smiling. Even the main menu is highly polished and immersive.I played the tutorial first, and the started the single player campaign. They were astounding, but as it turns out nothing compared to multi-player where the action is. I've hada single poor game due to a language barrier, but other than this one game its been brilliant.Note: It offers the option to play with a gamepad, but to really appreciate this game play it with a motion controller (eith the Vive Controllers or the Oculus Touch)"
76561197988815448,Recommended,527100,32079088,Posted: 30 May,all,Fartnado,"Wow this game is fantastic.Few really minor issues with the vive touch controls, once in a while I hit the wrong button cause I can't quite tell where my finger will hit. It crashed steamVR on it's first run, but after that ran fine. How far you can move your head from your seated position feels a little limiting. Can't say anything else bad about it.Graphics look great, runs completely smooth on my 980ti. Mostly played solo so far with a little MP, and had a blast. Sounds are perfect. Voices came over super clear from the other players, but I haven't found a way to mute the mic yet in MP. Gameplay is super fun.Make DLC with new ships and missions, I'll pay for it. I can only imagine how freaking cool it would be to fight against a borg ship, or battle against another ship of 4 players.If you are reading this, just buy it. In less than 3 hours I feel like I've already gotten my money's worth."
,Recommended,527100,32076661,Posted: 30 May,all,Soda,"Crashed a ship, misunderstood most instructions, and  laughed hysterically with total strangers.Loved it."
,Recommended,527100,32093693,Posted: 31 May,all,L33TRice,"No way to do hand gestures like thumbs up, middle finger, or vulcan salute. 1/10Red alert button placed right next to answer hail button 9/10Overall, 11/10"
76561198065586474,Recommended,527100,32079796,Posted: 31 May,all,Rain,"A true testiment to what VR games should be. Star Trek Bridge Crew has the depth and gameplay of a true game and not a demo like most games for VR. The developers have provided a single play featur for those learning the game or just showing it to friends but the real place this game shines is in the multiplayer. A wonderful community surrounds this game as most VR games that are worth the time do, people that are willing to help you fix your mistake and learn from it for the next mission. Overall this game encompasses what a true VR game should and what a true Star Trek fan would expect. Well Done."
,Recommended,527100,32224280,Posted: 6 June,all,Agent Smashing,"Games like this are what will propel VR forward into wide acceptance by the general public. Finally we have a AAA quality, polished VR game that delivers on exactly what it advertised.Gameplay:This is a seated experience, of course, there are no away missions as you are playing as a crew member on the bridge. Gameplay consists mainly of using the UI in game to resolve randomized problems that your crew will encounter on missions. Communication is key in this game and a mic is basically mandatory. As of now everyone I have met has been very kind and plays the game as designed, this is likely due to the high barrier of entry to kids. As VR becomes more popular that will slowly go away and anti-troll mechanisms will need to be developed because right now it's super easy to troll no matter your station.Rough overviews of the different stations:Helm - You steer the ship, plot courses, activate warp, and impuse travel.Tactical - Pew pew, you charge / fire torpedos and phasers. You scan other ships and environmental things, and are responsible for the shields being up or down.Engineering - You decide which systems get different amounts of power to increase or decrease their effectiveness, repair the ship's systems, and can overload systems to get more power out of them.Captain - Only you know the mission objectives, you communicate these to your crew, you have rough overviews of every other station and you decide different paths to take when choices arise. Also you can turn on the red alert.Sound: Dead on Star Trek, because this is a licensed game expect to hear sounds you are likely already familiar with from the movie / tv shows. Highly recommend headphones when playing.Story - The missions I've played in the main story are generic Star Trek stuff, go to this system and investigate a distress beacon, kill these klingons etc. However the dynamic missions are fantastic and varied enough that it's worth setting out on them over and over.Graphics - The environmental details are really well done, the players are less well done, I understand that sacrifices need to be made graphically though, and honestly nothing is so bad it is distracting. Just keep in mind this won't be your go to game to show off your graphics card.Overall a very fun and well designed game, the first VR game that has held my attention for longer than an hour, I am excited to go back again and again. I think we finally have our must play title for Vive, if you are looking for a great game with lots of replayability.......engage."
,Recommended,527100,32096645,Posted: 31 May,all,ATone,"Best VR experience to date.  Better than expected, definitely seems more than a tech demo.I felt completely immersed, performance is excellent. I experienced no crashes, glitches or other problems yet.Higher quality graphics can be enabled by a simple text edit of a graphics config file on your pc.Fantastic job on this game!"
,Recommended,527100,32074434,Posted: 30 May,all,NoBlackThunder,Ok So i said yes to recommend this game .. Though! There are some thinks i hope can be fixed in the future !First of all Issues i have with this game:Technical issues:1. Vive motion Controllers: its not 1 to 1 sadly in game .. its more 1 to 3 .. so you need in reallity it seems allot more space in the real world then whats in game .. I can see in some places why they would do that but i would love yo have at least a slider that would let us change this.2. Getting out of your area makes the game just black . :( wish it would not really do that to be honest ;)Other Issues !! and this one is a big one. Maybe the biggest one of them all and that is content. While you have a ok story line the ongoing random missions are just so far one and the same . Hard fighting untill you die.I really wish it would be more random stuff like that .. Like ohh scan that .. mhh nice ok done move one to next radnom mission .. ohh protect this time and so on .. and then give you the option to actually get back and repair your ship and its hull.On top of that i would love some more ships. maybe even some TNG ships and so on. That would be perfect.That said .. those where my issues i had with this game.Now to the good site. Playing with people is pretty fun and working togehter is not easy. there is allot of cool interactions together with other people that makes this game worth it and it does not feel as much arcade as many of the other shooter games here where you stand in one spot and just shoot at the same zombies etc over and over again.Is it worth it .. Maybe but its still a bit on the low site of the content .. on the other site it is a fun VR game.
76561198042994630,Recommended,527100,32073769,Posted: 30 May,all,Ender Awesome,Only thing missing ship against ship multiplayer.  Great Game.
,Recommended,527100,32074178,Posted: 30 May,all,krombopulos michael,BEST VR GAME 5/7 WOULD BUY AGAIN. MAKE IT SO NUMBER 1.
,Recommended,527100,32074928,Posted: 30 May,all,UncertainZero,"Just did my first real mission and I'm absolutely amazed. Even in single player you can jump between different roles, like engineering and tactical with full terminals to control everything you need. I'm using an HTC vive and it has full support for the touch controllers. The VR looks fantastic and the interaction is super slick.As a Star Trek fan I've been waiting for something like this and Ubisoft did not let us down. If you have a VR headset, definately check this out, you are both a Star Trek fan and have a VR headset this is a must own."
76561198099478481,Recommended,527100,32073833,Posted: 30 May,all,Sir Spanky,"Exactly what VR was created for, great to see a full AAA game, quit reading and buy this now !"
76561198035908904,Recommended,527100,32082411,Posted: 31 May,all,KS Salem,"Wow! What a game! Ubisoft has really delivered the ultimate Star Trek Bridge Crew Experience. Well it's much more than a experience, it's a real AAA VR Game!- Grafix are good- No lag (even with SS 1.2 on VIVE)- Sound is very good- Handling very intuitive- Easy for beginners in the Ageis- If you wana have a challenge, try the original Enterprise - Where the captain holds the clipboard!Important:1. You have to do the training missions (It's StarFleet Academy..so not very hard, but necessary and important!)2. Be sober when you get on the bridge (There's nothing more annoiing, than a drunk helm that doesn't know how to control the ship! ;)3. Do speak too loud, the mic quality is very good, so don't wake up your spouse or neighbor4. Get your crew together and go into infinity and beyond2 Thumbs up and four toes as well! - Awsome work UBISOFT! Chapeaux!"
76561197991763071,Recommended,527100,32094615,Posted: 31 May,all,cinderblock,"This is pretty awesome, and I've still just done single player and never watched an entire episode of star trek."
,Recommended,527100,32084055,Posted: 31 May,all,computim,"This the the experience promised to every player of every Star Trek game since they were first created.  The game is a must-have for anyone who has a VR headset, more so if you're a Trek fan.Absolutely loving it, the gameplay is stellar - haven't even played the multiplayer yet and I'm already blown away."
76561197999265143,Recommended,527100,34793626,Posted: 7 September,all,Th3_0utKa5T,"Great Game, not worth £40 though not with the current content, if you want this game and have a few friends with VR great, but if you are a solo player it can be a long wait for online quick match, get this on discount for sure.Not sure if they are going to carry on devolopment in this either but i would hope so, new missions needed and potentially new ships, they do have the original Enterprise to play with and thats quite hard to start with but gets easier with practice and friends.I would like to see some of the better known ships from the universe in the game eventually, espically Voyager and Defiant perhaps even the Archer version of the Enterprise, though i think the time frame of this game is at the point before Picard and Janeway.Would also be nice to use the Klingon, Romulin and  Vulcan ships as well.I am going to recommend the game but i would say wait for a price drop or a sale."
,Recommended,527100,32109668,Posted: 1 June,all,Fifthdread,"I haven't played much of the game yet, but I can already tell you that it was worth the cost of admission. I played a few missions last night, both with a friend and with random players. Played on the Vive with two other Vive owners and a PSVR player. Voice chat just worked. Volume sliders for each player made it bearable when mics were too loud. It was immersive, fun, and I’m super excited to jump back in.I did encounter a few bugs, but I trust the devs will iron out the kinks as time goes on. That being said, this is probably my favorite VR title to date- it’s a childhood dream come true! I say this as a fan of Star Trek of course, but I think that the game will appeal to most people as well.Definitely pick it up if you own a VR platform. If you get it on Steam, play it and if you don’t like it, refund it. I have a feeling most people will find it worth it."
,Recommended,527100,32112811,Posted: 1 June,all,Solar,"Review for Star-Trek Bridge Crew:Playerbase: There are a welcome amount of players always available to play this game at almost every time of the day. This is not only because of the games current popularity but is also contributed by the Cross-Platform availability between the PS4, VIVE and Oculus Rift.Single-Player: Definitely do able-and fun to play by yourself as you can switch in between all 4 roles or issue commands from the captains chair as required.Multi-player: Where this game shines is the franticness that comes with 4 people communicating with each other, a good captain able to direct and come up with fun ideas on how to tackle the different situations that come up with every mission that you do. Your crew can choose to be stealthy and complete side objectives, managing different systems to reduce your space signature, or you can chose to out maneuver the enemy, go in guns blazing disabling ships and destroy with ease with a good crew! there is so much to write about here, but as a person who exclusively plays online games of all sorts, i will say if you have no problem with being social, this game is a hell of allot of fun!Note: almost every player i have encountered has been very sociable, works with team mates and is absolutely the furthest from being toxic. there seems to be a really really good player base here that wants to work together, it truly makes for an amazing experience!Audio: you have a pretty good idea of what is going on in and outside of your ship with spacial 3D sound and a good pair of headphones, voices from other players are clear and able to be adjusted In game if required. lots of familiar star trek sounds for those who are true Trekkies too =]Visuals: The game is stunning visually, as normal with VR games, you must play it in VR to appreciate what  your seeing. the lights on the side of the ship will shine on your panel,VR immersion:  you will be looking around at your fellow players, making hand gestures, issuing commands and having a hell of allot of fun! you will completely forget your in VR and instead be focused on keeping your ship alive, and working with your team mates. This is a Sit down game, so find a nice chair and relax because you'll be here awhile;)CONS: there are only 5 Campaign missions, after that you'll be forced to play the random mission option or replay former glories, or work on achievements.Your in game star-fleet rank is not viewable by other players, why you even have one is beyond me but its nice to see yourself ranking up i guess...although its for no reason at all=/Your set viewpoint is made for someone who is 6 feet tall, anyone shorter will have to reset their view while sitting back or higher and than shuffle forward or lower chair into the proper view to look normal. otherwise your legs will appear to be much further away, as will your console. the problem with this, is the game has a very small box that your character / your headset must stay in otherwise the game will go black until your back in the proper spot. i guess this is to keep models from moving out of the in game chair so that everyone on the ship stays put, but it can be frustrating.I definitely recommend this game to anyone looking for a quality social multi-player experience. some might be thrown off by the price point but i can attest its a small price to pay for how much fun you will have with this title."
,Recommended,527100,34761732,Posted: 5 September,all,alkemann,Hell yes. The Dream made real. This is VR done right. Single player with AI works well but ofc the game shines in multiplayer. So far random matching with people online has been a good experience.
76561197996570414,Recommended,527100,34651328,Posted: 31 August,all,LlamaRiot,"Wonderful multiplayer experience! I've not done any single-player so I can't speak to that, but as a multiplayer game this is an experience unlike any other. I don't typically enjoy multiplayer games at all, but having to communicate and work together in this world is a good experience. I've seen a lot of feedback saying it gets stale, but, I'm 8 hours in and still finding it very engaging, something I can't say for a lot of other VR games or games in general. Out of every VR program I have, this is the first one making two or three hours fly by without realizing it."
,Recommended,527100,34648879,Posted: 31 August,all,Darkwave💕,"As an older Trek fan I can't really praise this game enough, like many others I have spent years dreaming of a game like this being possible. Artemis was really the only option for a long time but the advances it made were really negated by the lack of polish and consistency, Bridge Crew is the answer to that. This game can boast truly immersive and Star Trek-y design from the design of characters and consoles to the missions themselves, the only thing missing really is away team missions but maybe they will work on those sometime in the future. I can't wait to try multiplayer, which is where I imagine it truly shines.I bought it on sale when it was 50% off (£19.99) and it was one of the first VR games I have played. It works great on an Oculus Rift with touch controllers, the only issue being that sometimes the arms of my office chair get in the way when I'm trying to interact with the command consoles. I am also not a fan of Uplay, I don't think Captain Kirk was able to beat the Kobayashi Maru by having his internet disconnect part was through and getting thrown back to the main menu."
,Recommended,527100,34666533,Posted: 1 September,all,Fenix,"As a game, it's pretty cool. As a Trekkie I love it, but as a gamer I'm hoping for more content.The reason for my recommendation is that it actually works with the older Oculus Rift DK1 and Xbox 360 gamepad (Generic X-input doesn't work properly). Of course, it's not as exciting as having fancy touch controllers but still very enjoyable.. despite the obvious screendoor-effect due to the low resolution of the DK1.It's fun to man the different stations with friends or complete strangers and the bridge does feel as big as you'd expect."
76561197975419221,Recommended,527100,34634393,Posted: 31 August,all,Fluffy Bunny Slippers,"Love it. Met 2 guys from Australia, we had a ball doing a few missions. One of the best VR games I have tried."
76561198007445038,Recommended,527100,32121381,Posted: 1 June,all,morbidfollower,"GREAT SINGLE PLAYER EXPERIENCE TOO. I've played it with others, but mostly just solo. I think it is a great experience, as you get better you can do away with the ai almost completely and just jump around between stations. Definately a must buy if you own a vr rig. Im not even a big star trek fan. Doesn't matter. Hope they add some dlc in the future to keep it fresh."
76561197962810553,Recommended,527100,32122028,Posted: 1 June,all,Infraggable Krunk,I think this is the first Ubisoft game since AC:Black Flag that I bothered purchasing. So far the most polished and fun piece of VR to date. Lost myself to the point that the beeping of my dying controllers was all that pulled me out.  The cross play with PSVR/Oculus/VIVE is fantastic.  Can see myself putting in at least 50 hours with the procedurally generated content.
,Recommended,527100,32186685,Posted: 4 June,all,Frinkel the Inflatable Sylveon,"Star Trek has been something I've had interest in from a young age. I can recall watching episodes of TNG with my mother during summer breaks, and I know she often wished she could be on the Enterprise, and perhaps I share a little bit of that sentiment myself. So, when I saw this game was now a thing, I really couldn't stop myself from buying it. The $50 was a major blow to the wallet, I'll admit, but I'll figure that out in due time.I've only played in about two sessions so far, but I'll say that, so far, this game is turning out to be a very solid, immersive multiplayer VR game, and a great exercise in crew coordination. The controls can be a bit clunky at times, and the lack of HD rumble can become evident, and both of these compound when trying to select specific items in a menu sometimes, but it seems to make up for it in the experience the game provides and the wide availability of this game for VR users, leading to more people being available for multiplayer. (I mean, they don't have Gear VR or Cardboard support, but I don't think there are any phones out there that can support a game of this magnitude.)As I continue to play more sessions, I'll update this review further. For now, I'll say it's currently worth the purchase (although, if you're not all gung-ho into it as I am, perhaps you may want to consider waiting for a sale ^^)"
76561197972501993,Recommended,527100,32116753,Posted: 1 June,all,TwitchTVScomp64,"9/10Connection Issues are more fun than some other VR titles.The greatest part of Bridge Crew is, undoubtedly, the other Federation members you have the opportunity to fly alongside. Being able to sit inside a Federation starship with 3 other nerds (let's be real here, we're playing a Star Trek VR game, can't really avoid that distinction anymore) and just have a blast  is an incredible experience.The only reason this game isn't at a 10/10 right now is there's currently a game-breaking bug wherein you will be stuck in the warp animation until you / whoever is causing the issue restarts their game client. While a simple fix, this is a bit annoying, but the game is flawless otherwise.Beautiful areas of space to explore / fight in / rescue people from, immersive and intuitive controls on top of the growing cross-platform (hell yes) community make this a sure-fire winner of 2017's VR releases.TL;DR: If you own a Vive / Oculus / PSVR and enjoy Star Trek or any Sci-Fi:Buy this game.You will not regret it."
76561198264406515,Recommended,527100,32122111,Posted: 1 June,all,TheGamingRogue,"I play on the Vive, and this is a great team gaming experience!  I've wanted to be on the bridge of a starship my whole life, and now I get to actually do it!  The game is tight, and relies on each of the four players doing their job, communicating, and taking it seriously.  There is also a lot of fan humor from the other players, so feel free to wax nostalgic about star trek.   I have enjoyed each of the stations so far.  The captain is really the most critical position, because overall tactics really do make a huge difference in how each scenario plays out.  (disrupt shields and attack!)The Aegis appears to be about the same size as the Abrams constitution class, or even smaller, certainly not the size of the enterprise-D.  This is a stealthy ship, with various electronic countermeasures available, and the ability to sneak in close to targets by reducing its profile.There are a large number of PlayStation VR players out there, cross-platform, with apparently no major issues in compatibility with the other VR systems .   This is a pretty polished and sizable game, far more than the short demo-like games I've played so far.  There is real meat to these missions, each one taking 15 minutes to an hour, and with a large number of randomly generated missions available when you're done with the campaign.   But each mission can be replayed many times, in each position, using different tactics.Update:   AS of now there are still a number of bugs in the game, mostlyi that dont affect me.  My main problem is finding a group of people who want to seriously complete missions and get into the game.  Lots of young kids, no offense to young kids, but this is not a game for an 8-year old for the most part.  In the lobby, you should have the ability to IGNORE somebody, like just about every other game out there.   Some people I just dont want to meet up with again.  Ever."
,Recommended,527100,32121809,Posted: 1 June,all,Mburg Danny,"Cross-platform for Steam, Oculus, and PSVR is already enough for a huge recommendation. But the fact that this game flows amazingly for co-op right out of the gate makes it amazing. I've had nothing but insanely fun missions with friends and strangers.Even as someone who's not a huge Star Trek fan, this is an amazing game."
76561198017998780,Recommended,527100,32141495,Posted: 2 June,all,lukesutton11,Omg.. it's basically Bridge Commander... but in VR and much much better. What are you waiting for? Just buy it.
,Recommended,527100,32188760,Posted: 4 June,all,ChomskyHonk,"I recommend this game but with some reservations.It is an Ubisoft game so you will have to endure some DRM horseapples. It's actually really shady the extremes I had to go to get logged in and playing.There are only five episodes and a prologue of non-procedural gameplay. This should have been beefed up considerably.Also, it needs more Ferengis and a cameo by Q certainly wouldn't hurt.That said, it is some of the most fun I have had with VR without a doubt. Feels polished at a AAA tier. If you are a trekkie, then you already own it probably. If you're on the fence, I'd wait til a sale hits and then pick her up. $50 is high and if it's not worth it then it is at least very close."
,Recommended,527100,32123361,Posted: 2 June,all,RogueJP,"Amazing!!!  Had so much fun in multiplayer...it's hillarious the people you meet. Have never added so many friends in a game and I've only played 7 hours.  If you are a streamer this game will make an awesome Twitch stream.If you haven't got a VR headset, this game alone is worth it. Not kidding.  Only game so far that comes close to make it worth the investment. As far as gameplay, there's plenty to do to keep you playing for hours. Assume more content coming.  Great job Devs. You knocked this one out of the park. 10/10"
76561198010267484,Recommended,527100,32123874,Posted: 2 June,all,Cardace,"Me: ""Okay mate line us up with the next system and punch it""Random helmsman: ""No problem Captain locking in co-ordinates now' *LOUD BONG NOISES IN BACKGROUND**Entire bridge erupts in laughter*The best game that I didn't know I was waiting for EVER."
76561197996400647,Recommended,527100,32117234,Posted: 1 June,all,TrekGuy,"This is the defining VR experince. As a Trekkie a dream has come true. The multiplayer experience is superb and role playing only adds to the already incredible immersive experience. There are a lot of folks complaining this game should have been non VR as well, all I can say to that is if it were in non VR format it would be very dull indeed as most of the time you are working on controls and in constant commuitcation with the crew. It is that immersion and realism that VR brings to the experience that makes what looks mudaine and dull turn into something very exciting and thrilling to play.This is a must buy for VR owners. My only hope now is that Ubi will continue to support this title with extra content - ship and new mission types. It would also be nice to see this change from 4 player to 5 player co-op as I feel there could be enough things do to on a science station."
,Recommended,527100,32117255,Posted: 1 June,all,"R.I.P WALLET, VR HERE WE COME","Best VR game out there at the moment. Extremely engaging in single-player, and a right laugh in multi. Has some room for expansion (doesn't feel like a fully fleshed out game), and could do more to make it a true Star Trek simulator (more diplomacy, more variety in missions). But overall a great buy!"
76561198027292792,Recommended,527100,32123542,Posted: 2 June,all,jeffnebraska,"Quick to jump into, a lot of fun to play, very immersive and a great community of other players (so far).  I haven't played long enough to comment on whether it will feel repetitive in a few weeks, but I highly recommend it for any fan of the shows."
,Recommended,527100,32143225,Posted: 2 June,all,Creepy Ostrich,"Fantastic game! It's success is proof that what the VR early adopters want is for more titles developed by big studios. Everything that could be said about how good about it has been said so I'll just tell you that you won't be disapointed by this awesome, awesome game."
,Recommended,527100,32223909,Posted: 6 June,all,Reckless Sabatical,"This game is fantastic, this game is absolutely fantastic. I'm a huge snob when it comes to which VR games I actually want to put into my library. I had my doubts but with this game don't you even think about hesistating with this one. You never have to worry about running out of players either as the game is cross-platform. I don't even like star trek and I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,527100,32070517,Posted: 30 May,all,Kaltern,"Ok, so.  Bridge Crew.Firstly, let's get the important stuff out of the way.  Yes, it's pretty good.  No, it isn't perfect.  Yes it's WAY better with friends.First thing.  You need a LOT of space when playing this.  It's very oddly laid out, and you find yourself reaching out a lot to your sides, and in front of you - which means that playing at your desk is likely to cause problems.  Make sure to recalibrate everything, and make sure you don't smack your hand into something when you're reaching out to check the starmaps...The gaming interface is explained to you through a simple tutorial that you choose to run if you wish (I would...).  The game's controls are all done through futuristic touchscreen panels (except for the 1701-D, that's the original push buttons), and with fairly clear text to what they all do.The controls however, are the first main issue I have with the game.  Designed to be used with tracked controllers, I tried the Rift Touch.  And, to be completely honest.. they suck.  Completely.  I am unable to say if it's JUST the Touch, or if the same issue is with the Vive, but it's pretty clear the developers never actually used the Touch when writing the interface code.Things don't start well when the image of the controllers are shown completely incorrectly.  The buttons are displayed in the wrong place, and the graphic shows the controller position to be held at a very odd angle.  Everything still works, but this really isn't a great start.Activating controls is achieved by pointing your virtual hand at the control and pressing the trigger button.  Which would be great if your hand, for some COMPLETELY inexplicable reason unfurls itself, when your hand approaces ANY control -even if you're holding the 'fist' button, which would normally allow your index finger to point outwards.  It makes mis-taps commonplace, and is not the most accurate way to fly a starship.  I hope this is going to be fixed in a patch.The game begins with the typical Kobayashi Maru training exercise, designed to test a Captain's mettle.  It isn't quite as good as you remember from TV, as you don't actually get to die (or at least I didn't), you just get to shoot a few things and then it abruptly ends.  I don't believe that the way you complete the test makes any difference to the game.My first proper mission was a recon around a star system for relocation of the poor Vulcans after the destruction of their home planet (yes this is Nu-Trek).  You're joined by another starship, a science vessel, which, without delving into the details of the mission, ends up being a damsel in distress.  The mission involves a lot of scanning and shooting at inanimate things, and culminates in a quick shootout with some pirates.  It's a good mission, designed to get you familiar with making decisions, and eventually having to work fast in order to not get your shiny new ship scratched.My next complaint revolves around the Science Officer.  You don't get to play it.  This utterly, UTTERLY sucks, and is a ridiculous ommision from the game.  The stereotypical Vulcan AI that does all things sciency tell you pretty much everything you need to know in the game, and seems to be, along with Comms, the only crew members that actually speak.  There are a lot of other officers on the bridge, not including your actual interactive Crew, but they don't interact at all.  They do chatter, and it can be completely inappropriate - I was under attack by some ships, and during some heated shooting, I heard one ask another if they could take a look at their screen for somethign completely unrelated to the battle.  It's just a little bit tacked on, and ruins the experience somewhat.Back to the Science Officer.  The idea that noone can play as one is such a bad ommission that it REALLY ruins the game for me.  Simply put, he is basically the story narrator, explaining the next move, what's out there and the recommended course of action.  Now, I've not read enough background to know if he also acts as your 1st Officer, but the way he speaks might indicate that he is.  But, it changes the whole dynamic of the game IMO...... it's just not what I expected.  I thought, as Captain, I would make at least some decisions about what to do.  Unfortunately, it's very much a case of your Objective screen dictating to you what buttons to press, and waiting for the result, telling you what the next button to press is.  Now, bear in mind I've only played 2 missions, I might have yet to see the diplomacy side of the game, where your questions and responses determine how the game plays out.  I suspect this isn't going to happen, but we'll see.Ultimately however, I suspect Tactical and Engineering will be the most popular Multiplayer roles, with Helm being the one filled by AI almost all the time, and absolutely being taken over by the Captain because the AI is UTTERLY USELESS.Just in one single mission, I had my AI helmsman FLY into a ship I was trying to save for no obvious reason, getting stuck while being shot at, and getting very confused when asked to change targets too quickly.  I had to take over a number of times to save the ship from destruction, when it shouldn't have been necessary.Graphically, the game is also lacking, wqith VERY low-poly ships, low detail bridge, TERRIBLE viewscreen (seriously this was such a disappointment - especially when, unless you're just 'looking out the window', any other view is in 2D!  Magnifying a target plops a flat, 2D image of the object on a flat 2D space background, and that is utterly horrific.).  The UI displays are, thankfully, quite clear, so that's good.On the whole, I still like the idea of STBC.  It does some things right, but definitely feels more like a tech demo, than a fully fleshed Starship simulator, and that is very sad.  It seems to me, that there could be so much more of a game here, but I wonder if the game was reduced in complexity because it feels like something is missing.Saying all of this, the link with IBM's Watson could be a gamechanger, when you're able to actually bark out orders to AI crewmembers instead of relying on clunky buttons.  That could easily improve immersion, as while we have to use the terrible controls, it certainly doesn't help very much.All in all, if you like Trek, if you can deal with Nu-Trek, and you have some fairly intelligent mates with headsets, give it a go.  It could have been a lot worse, and I suspect it might get better as we play.  Rumours of DLC ships and possible new missions would help too.I just wish we could play as the Science Officer.  Such a shame.(7/10)"
76561198033286939,Recommended,527100,32195476,Posted: 5 June,all,gingytrucking,THIS IS A MUST OWN GAME FOR VR OUTSTANDING GRAPHIX OUTSTANDING PEOPLE YOU GET TO TALK WHITH AND MISSIONS THAT NEVER GET DULL ADD SOME NEW SHIPS AND NEW RACES THIS GAME WILL GO FAR!!!!
76561198124503385,Recommended,527100,32092190,Posted: 31 May,all,PhantomJustice,"$50 for a VR game for the HTC vive is pretty steep, considering you really have to experince a game in VR to tell if its any good.That being said, Star Trek is an AMAZING game, Ive never been one to keep track of the shows or movie too closely, but this really feeliks like you and a bunmch of friends are completeing missions in the Star Trek univers. It is a casual fun social game to playm with combat lenments, based mostly on team stratgey/coordination, rather than quick reflexes (although there are times where you do need to be quick.This gam is great because of the social aspect. PLaying with other random playes acorss PC users and PS users, is a real treat. The crazyiest thing is, when everyone talks, you can see the lips form on their loips as if gtheir characters were sayiong the words themsleves!I see hours of potential gameplay, with the only downside of it being that there isnt realy any intense combat, and omse missions can ake up quite a bit of time. But poersonally, I love long missions; it gives the game more content in the end.8.5/10"
,Recommended,527100,32163041,Posted: 3 June,all,FruitLoops,"Easily the best VR game I have. Multiplayer is hilarious and the most immersive game ever, you forget where you are :)"
76561198019046685,Not Recommended,527100,32373470,Posted: 12 June,all,Hooded Crow,"Cant get past the first mission IN SOLO because the game disconnects from Master Ubisoft's servers and Ubisoft says i cant play by myself unless I have an internet leash in their hands at all times.  Also can't play with others because the game lags every 10 seconds, taking my mic and everyone elses with it!"
,Recommended,527100,32087082,Posted: 31 May,all,The Machine,"The game itself is so much fun, but the concept of them game-style itself is what makes this a must buy for all VR owners!   Can't stress this point enough how important this game is for future VR titles!"
,Recommended,527100,32088009,Posted: 31 May,all,NegativGhostrdr,"Pretty good so far.  Good feel of being on the bridge of a starship based on what I would expect from watching the films.  I think it answers a main question I've always had with regards to starships, that being:  Why do you need all of those people to fly a ship and shoot weapons?  After all, I do it all the time with one Xbox controller.   In Bridge Crew, a good team will dramatically out-preform any single player with AI because of the delegation of tasks to people who know their jobs.  This in my experience is absolutely unique in the world of games and could have an incredible future. Kudos to the Ubisoft team of designers and programmers who pulled this off.From the captain's chair, it seems like you should be able to order the helmsman to set course, 1/4 impulse, or full impulse etc.  It doesn't seem like you can do that.  You can order 1/4 speed, but I'm not sure what that means exactly.   I don't think it's impulse power.  To me, Star ships always had warp and sub-light or impulse speeds so this is kind of a disconnect.   It would be cool if you could order the comm officer to hail a ship, but you do that yourself it looks like, even though there is a comm officer standing there.  There's a science officer, but he kind of does his own thing.  I'm sure those will be upgrades or DLC?I'm looking forward to getting to the heart of the game-the multiplayer as soon as I get through a solo mission or two to make sure I know what I'm doing.  I popped into a room for a minute and was connected with three other players almost instantaneously.  The mics of some of the other players were cutting in and out.  Not sure if that's the game or their mics?  I had to bail right away unfortunately, but it looked like it was going to be fun could I have stayed.  Overall, VERY cool for the couple hours I've logged so far."
,Recommended,527100,33849407,Posted: 27 July,all,Cwan,YUP!
,Recommended,527100,32145083,Posted: 2 June,all,Webhead,"Your in space, you get to take control of something from star trekDid i mention it's in VR?VR . STAR. TREK.I'm not even a trekkie, but this game is amazing so far.Hard, fun to play with people11/10"
76561198010521897,Recommended,527100,32107198,Posted: 1 June,all,wookiemart,"I must admit I took a leap of faith when I bought this.I was expecting another tech demo and kept my finger near the refund button.Thankfully there was absolutely no need for it.This game is not only the best Star Trek game experience to date, it also accomplishes the near impossible in making me enjoy the JJ trek environment.OH BTW Cryptic, THIS is what we wanted from Star Trek:Online...Having logged countless hours in Artemis SBS, I am no stranger to bridge simulators. It is evident that Bridge Crew has done it's homework here and made the smart decision to reduce player count down to 4 from the standard 6.  Each role on the bridge feels relevant and dynamic.Although short, the story is compelling and a great way to get your space legs. The continuing missions mode is of course where the bread and butter of this game is at. Although I have not logged in nearly enough hours to say how far down the road these will keep us interested, if Ubisoft keep content coming out on a semi regular basis I foresee a long and prosperous life for this game.Peace and Long Life."
76561198052206881,Recommended,527100,32081493,Posted: 31 May,all,mazz3,Tea. Earl Gray. Hot.Energize!
76561197962746253,Not Recommended,527100,32197900,Posted: 5 June,all,kokunze,"Bought the game.Installed the game.Started the game.UPlay is starting.Cannot login, servers Offline. Do you want to go to offline mode?-> Yes I do! I just want to play the game, I don't care about ♥♥♥♥♥♥ UPlay!Switching to Offline Mode.Game cannot be played without online activation at UPlay. Log in to activate.Servers offline.Thank you UPlay!"
,Recommended,527100,32140630,Posted: 2 June,all,JohnyZ06,This game is so much fun 5/5
,Recommended,527100,32094998,Posted: 31 May,all,OldtimerZA,Great Fun.
76561197984466887,Recommended,527100,32079931,Posted: 31 May,all,Yoshidan,One of the best VR games currently out. Great fun from what i have seen so far the community is amazing and very much trekki's. Enjoy an amazing experiance on Vr....... Engage.
,Recommended,527100,34610961,Posted: 30 August,all,xdbx,"This is what VR is all about.  Most VR games feel limited or gimmicky to me because of the current stationary state of VR gameplay. But it lends itself perfectly to this concept. I don't notice the fact that I'm stuck in a chair, or in one spot like I do with other games. It's amazing to play with friends, and the cross platform capabilities of this with PSVR allows you to play with your console friends as well. Like others have said, the mission selection is currently a little limited and things can get a little stale after a while, but hopefully we'll see more mission updates in the future and for the love of god, give us PVP!!!!"
76561198019735226,Recommended,527100,34546090,Posted: 27 August,all,bunkator,"Fantastic and immersive VR experience. Fun commradery with other players. Not difficult to learn, but has it's challenges at being Pro, the Pro version of this is essentially using the TOS Bridge, which looks amazing and is far more tricky to play, so that gives it a nice step up once  the Aegis missions get old. REally hoping for more content soon, because I am loving this game!"
76561198050487685,Recommended,527100,34719942,Posted: 3 September,all,Ollimator,"So so---I was really happy when I saw this finally discounted and picked it up.I have been playing for 2 hours now and my impression right now is mixed---I generally like the idea and the concept is very immersive, but it could have been more.Technically it is not as good as i thought it would be.The Vive microphone is generally not detected as it should with my system---Several help requests about that can be found when googeling, so I am not alone.I turned off the game and deactivated all my other microphones in windows settings and then it worked one time, but after ending and starting the game again the microphone again was mute, though in steam settings it clearly works.I have not been able to use the speech command (or the usage is not explained properly).I think this also has to do with the unreliable microphone detection.The graphics are actually a bit disappointing, considering one hardly sees more then the bridge the lighting, materials and models are not state of the art and could be improved. Especially the material of the NPC characters look plastic where they should look like cotton and skin.The AI seems OK for the NPCs, though the NPCs have no dialogue or animation that is not connected to their AI functionality and thus after a while appear robotic. I could imagine with a few more human random behaviors that are called from time to time and more lifelike dialogues that are not functional (jokes or other human comments) it would be more enjoyable.Imagine a Bones coming in and chatting with your crew or something like that. Something that breaks the technic centred approach of this and makes it feel human.It is a bit disappointing that you cannot even stand up from your chair in game as captain without triggering the ""out of bounds"" which is obviously Oculus /Playstation limitation and should not be necessary when using a Vive.It is also lame that you rescue people by transporting them on board but you never meet them on board, not even get an audio ""Thank you"" message from them...The actual core weekness to me seems to be the missions themselves, as they lack story depth or drama and come over as very functional and heavily audio and menu centric.., at least at 2 hrs in the game. Maybe it gets better more into the game, but I somehow doubt that.I have only played solo so far and imagine this more fun when playing multiplayer.Since this is a very static game, the missions are not visual/cinematic enough for my taste, the controls are often unclear and in-game help could be improved (it says to avoid certain obstacles but leaves you in the dark how to achieve this and the AI navigator obviously crases into the asteroid and should be fired for that)I still give it thumbs up  because it is a step in the right direction but it could have used more attention to detail, more drama, more humor, generally a better authoring."
,Recommended,527100,32114257,Posted: 1 June,all,Riddla,"My first 53 minutes of Star Trek Bridge Crew. Where to begin.Well, the feel of the game overall is very Star Trek-ey. The visuals are good and the IK system, while a little janky at times, gives and impressive sense of embodying your avatar.I sat down and strapped in and adjusted to the odd angle at which you have to tap at buttons and started on the plethora of tutorials, which take place in a Starfleet Academy simulator and is very helpful and in depth. You will absolutely know every control once you start playing.That was 45 of the 53 minutes.The other 8 minutes were spent joining my very first online crew, being assigned Tactical, scanning a few harmless anomalies and then quitting because we warped somewhere and apparently that causes everything to stop working for everyone else.I really hate to say it but this is a typical Ubisoft title. Pretty but released broken. This needs patching and Ubisoft really need to look into this♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's a well intentioned game that's true to it's source material and is full of great sound design and graphics and the gameplay is novel and original because it's VR but still, somehow in this brave new world of entertainment, Ubisoft have managed to put both feet backwards and smashed their chin on the steps to the future.Released broken so far: Far Cry 3/4, Watch_Dogs, Watch_Dogs 2, Almost every Assassins Creed game since 3 up until Syndicate. Now this. It's got to stop. I'm honestly on the fence about refunding this, you've got a week to get a patch out Ubisoft. This is ridiculous now."
,Recommended,527100,34615748,Posted: 30 August,all,Deam,I played it a bit :) It was fun and all but there is a lack of updates.After 6-12hours u saw everything twice.Can't wait for some Dlcs...
76561197997835875,Recommended,527100,32141960,Posted: 2 June,all,yobowl,"This is currently my favorite pure VR game, that is a game which can only be played in VR.  If you're a scifi fan this is great, if you like team based gameplay this is great, and if you're a Star Trek fan this is just amazing.  There are not many story missions but there are randomized missions which you can play through with the Aegis or theoriginal Enterprise.  The gameplay itself is simple, but there is room for plenty of complexity, especially if you're playing with friends.  Even without friends it is generally not too difficult to finish the mission with strangers and still have plenty of fun.  If you like Star Trek or enjoy team based gameplay then this game is definitely something to check out!"
,Not Recommended,527100,34718974,Posted: 3 September,all,Maushu,Requires always online and exits if connection is lost.I didn't notice it was a Ubisoft game either since this is the usual for them.Not recommended.
,Not Recommended,527100,34721179,Posted: 3 September,all,Cyrix,-Requires Uplay
,Not Recommended,527100,32146850,Posted: 3 June,all,Sellorio,"Hi fellow VR enthusiast,I've spent the last couple of days playing this game and enjoying it. It is fun... for a while. Let me do the rundown:Graphics: are OK for VR but the poly counts are too low. Everything looks very simple like a secondary school student could take a rectangular prism and cut it at a few places and bam, you have a STBC asset.The Nebulae look OK too, they use layers of 2d planes to make up the effect so if an object is passing though the nebula (say like you ship) it looks very fake. This kind of thing is common but in this day and age we should expect more.Other than that, it looks fine. Definitely a trekkie vibe.Sound: really good. Good sound effects, good music, good dialog.Gameplay (immediate): Fun, the different roles are each satisfying but ultimately you don't have that much to do. You will be bored in this game to some degree. Still fun but not for long stretches of time. They captured the roles of the bridge as well as could be done (unfortunately the shows aren't that realistic in relation to bridge crew work load).Gameplay (long term): Limited. You have a 6 mission storyline (including the prologue) which will take you about 2 hours to get though assuming you redo a few missions on the way though them. Once those are done, you have the ""Ongoing Missions"". Ubisoft promised these to be powered by a proceedural generation engine that will create some interesting missions to perform for hours more. They lied. Ongoing Missions have 3 types: Defend (fight), Research (scan stuff) and Recovery/Rescue (scan+transport). Each time you play them you will be sent to a different location (within a small pool primarily consisting of locations in the storyline) but that's all the variation you really get.Having said that, I've got more hours out of this than any other VR title I own (at time of writing) just by redoing the same thing again and again with new crews.Issues: There are a lot of them.- Bug: Can't invite friends to your game cause for some reason they always appear as 'offline' unless you are currently in the same game as them.- If someone goes AFK in the ready room (queue/prep) then the whole game is fked cause you can't kick him and you can't start without him picking a role. If you re-queue, you get put back into the ready room with him unless it is full (unlikely cause why stick around if he is AFK). Very serious issue.I would hope that a so called AAA game would do better than Indie level quality. The license is the only thing going for this game.If I were you, I'm not sure if I would buy the game. On the one hand ""support VR software!"" on the other ""but this game is indie at best"". Ubisoft does not deserve your money but maybe VR does..."
,Recommended,527100,33324855,Posted: 6 July,all,Dopameen,Actually really fun!- Worst review ever.
,Recommended,527100,33384854,Posted: 8 July,all,-=[RK]=- MGMonkey,There is a slight learning curve but once you go through the tutorial the players are very helpful. There is also crossplay - I played on my HTC Vive last night with three guys on their PlayStation VRs so that increases the playerbase quite a bit.
76561198268863878,Recommended,527100,33431389,Posted: 10 July,all,AJ,"As a life long Star Trek fan I found this game amazing to play. Finally I can be a part of Star Fleet with some degree of reality. Apart from the gameplay, what has made this so enjoyable is meeting fellow crew members who I have laughed my way through missions with.  GJ. I look forward to playing some more :D"
,Recommended,527100,32329507,Posted: 10 June,all,Aurel Tristen,"I've played a lot of VR games on the Vive, Oculus, Gear VR and dev kits.  This is the best VR game I've ever played.  I know, that's a big statement, but it really is something else.  It's the right combination of immersive, funny and social.Pros:+ Talking with people while having hand motion to express yourself is suprisingly cool.+ It doesn't take a short cut and go with cartoony graphics.  It isn't photo real, but realistic enough+ Easy to jump in and get started.+ You don't need 3 friends with VR, random strangers are cool most of the time.Cons:- You sometimes get stuck with a really drunk crew.- Missions could use more veriety.- Ship flight is weird.  You have two kinds of 'warp.'  Warp, and impulse.  Impulse is actually just warp for shorter distances.Highly recommended.  Even with the limited content, it's worth the price of entry.  Here's hoping they add the TNG bridge!"
,Recommended,527100,32341030,Posted: 11 June,all,tommosaur,"Star Trek Bridge Crew is great.Not just as game, but also as an excellent glimpse at what VR can become in the future.When one looks at the media and general online babble on VR, some act like it will be the next big thing used by everyone constantly, others say it has already died and ""didn't i tell you, a FAD, just like 3D TV!!!!"" (the later mostly by people who never tried rift or vive vr with a good game)The truth, as so often, lies somewhere in the middle and both extremes are way off.The reality is, after being totally flashed by high end VR with good content on the first few tries , most regular humans will not use it nonstop daily, nor with all their content, but more in between, as great additional option to enjoy excellent applications/games/movies etc with for which it makes more sense.At least to me, it has become this special ocasion thing i use in between, today i space out in VR for a couple of hours, like my personal most immersive Theme Park ride with constantly new attractions available.Now, here we have a new entry, and this one takes a few things to a new level and shows so nicely that VR isn't just great for spacing out in a different world alone but can bring people together from all around the world to feel like right next to you, part of a crew, each with own dedicated roles and tasks.Now how does it feel to play the game?In short, like you really are one of the Bridge Crew members in Star Trek.When launching the game, best one goes through the tutorial portion, where one can do a few training tasks for each of the main stations of the bridge. Be at the helm, the engineer, tactial or the captain.Then one can also play through some semi randomized missions or a few missions of the campaign.That all is already quite nice, if one halfway likes Star Trek, there's just never been a game that made one feel more like being part of the crew and inside the ship on the bridge than this one.But, if it was ""just"" that, i wouldn't rate this game that high.Why? Because while it's fun for a while in single player, too, that part to me feels like an experiment run on the concept. Like yes, there are some sorta nice missions, but i didn't really feel like there was an in depth story arc. For a single player portion of such a game i would in general also like the playing through an adventure feeling portion cranked up.While it's fun for a while to play the different station positions on the bridge and i think they implemented it quite well, it also made me realize just how inefficiently Star Trek Ships are managed. I mean in Single Player one can give orders to the different station officers or take over their panels to do it all oneself, but it's just, you know, not very efficient in how it takes all those stations to do what with a better futuristic computer system should halfway be done by the computer and the rest doable by one person.Ok, that's the star trek universe's setup for the different stations in a large ship, just from a game perspective, in other games one does all of those things way more automatically as a single player/commander of a ship and in Star Trek in Single Player it takes ordering around different station crew members or jumping around between the stations.I also think this game could really push the ""feel like you're part of the crew"" so much further in single player. With some dialogue sequences for example where one could choose some options to have the feeling of more storyline decision moments, since in Star Trek it's often also about not letting it come to a fight; or also exploring the rest of the ship and ground missions etc etc.So then, what makes it so much better than ""just"" a great proof of concept?It's all in the multiplayer.When playing multiplayer, it suddenly makes a lot of sense there's a different role member for each station, that Captain, Helm, Tactical, Engineer are each done by a different player.It makes people get not just into their station and tasks, but also into the role of that crew member and really work together.It makes each player feel a lot like being very valuable to the overall mission success and it can really bond players together as a crew.Thanks to the voice chat it also makes the players come up with their own characters and ""dialogues"" and storylines.Yes, i played the same mission several times with several different crews, but each time it felt like a bit of a different storyline.So, the multiplayer totally reverses things. While in single player i didn't enjoy jumping around between the stations or giving commands as much as i probably would have preferred a more direct single overview of all station panels for a single player only game or even have more of those things automated, in multiplayer it made SO much sense and added SO much to the game.And then due to that it also made it make sense in single player because that then is a great training for multiplayer to have it work the same way.And the limited amount of actual story content in single player is alleviated a bit by the feeling of being a crew and sticking together and a bit writing one's own stories in multiplayer.Overall, that makes Star Trek Bridge Crew become a great achievement.It already is more than just a great proof of concept what social VR can become.So much on the review, now onto some possible improvements/additions/follow up sequel recommendations:To fix:-In the tutorial section when there are different tasks to go through for each station, one can doodle around with the other panel items already, but in some cases doing it in wrong order can break that tutorial sequence so one then has to go out of the tutorial and go back in to restart that station's portion.For example i noticed the transporter panel item the first time while i was in a different tutorial step than the transporter one and then i beamed all people up in several cycles and then i played through a few more tutorial steps for that station and then got to the transporter one, and then it would not let me beam the people over because i had already done that.So it should reset such variables when one gets to that step so one can complete it (again) then or flag it as complete and ask if one wants to restart that step.-The tutorial portion has a glimpse of progression feel to it what with checkmarking completed tutorial steps for each station, but when one goes out of it or restarts one it resets the items one had already done, which is a bit of a bummer.I would like it if it saves/restores that properly and then when one completes them all it could just give one a short sequence where it congratulates one for now having completed the cadette training. (Maybe it does the later, not sure, since it resetted my progress so often on previous tutorial steps that at the end i never had all tutorial steps completed for some stations despite i played through them all several times).Now some improvement suggestions:-more things one can do at the different stations. Like in one moment while steering the ship around in multiplayer and we got attacked, i automatically got into role and yelled ""doing evasive maneuvers!"" and steered the ship around some, but it also made me realize: It seems like there is little if anything that brings and why can't i actually choose some evasive maneuvers?-Obviously: more story missions and an overarching more in depth storyline which feels more than mission task filler text-Be able to explore the rest of the ship-Maybe be able to even do side activities like play poker with your crew or other games they play on the ship-away missions, which yeah, then would be more fps like"
,Recommended,527100,32120383,Posted: 1 June,all,45h <AUS>,"Space, the final frontier, these are the voyages of the starship Assbutt. It's 2 year mission to search out and destroy as many Klingons as possible to avenge the simulated destruction of the Kobiyashi Maru.During my brief but hilarious travels I have made crazy arm breaking gestures, panicked over being surrounded by Klingons and gotten us killed, rerouted all power from one system to another esssentially making our ship either immobile or impotent, and left the view screen on magnify while the helmsman tries to navigate a debris field. The Klingons must be watching on in sheer horror... if I do this to my own crew... what will I do to them?I have played for a little under 4 hours at this point, I can spit at the end of the game from here (not counting the ongoing procedurally generated missions). I hope there are content updates from here. Worth the asking price? I don't know about $60 at THIS point, but with some updates and a little more content, absolutely - which I'm taking on faith that there will be.If you're a star trek fan though, this is a must buy. Prepare to LARP your♥♥♥♥♥off and bring your friends to have the ultimate trek nerdgasms. Best Kirk impressions will probably waste enough time between orders to get your crew killed - enjoy."
,Recommended,527100,32090984,Posted: 31 May,all,warp00t,"This is easily the best VR game on the market. Its the first true full-fledged big IP game, and it DELIVERS. Ubisoft... I hate you... but this is brilliant.Would fly into hazardous nebula again. 10/10"
76561198047948213,Recommended,527100,32091189,Posted: 31 May,all,Metal Jedi,Comfortable VR experience. The only downside for me is that the terminals and screens are not very friendly with comfy recliner chairs. You will want to sit forward and recalibrate your view. Helm could do well with some pitch/roll maneuverability.
,Recommended,527100,32102932,Posted: 1 June,all,Reapz,This game is absolutely hilarious. I love the idea of a mic check to prevent non-talkers. Good job guys!
76561198097598245,Recommended,527100,32113141,Posted: 1 June,all,missionupdate,"Absolutely enjoying it. You should play now while everyone's cool and having fun,"
,Recommended,527100,32097400,Posted: 31 May,all,toxicchaos,What I always wanted in a star trek game!!
76561198014222028,Recommended,527100,33840278,Posted: 27 July,all,Lupin III,One of the best VR experiences out there. Super fun to play with friends and live out your trekky nerd-asies. Little bit pricey for what it is but as the technology is still in its infancy thats gonna be the case with any game. That being said i really dont feel ripped off by the price tag for how much fun it is.
,Recommended,527100,34727574,Posted: 3 September,all,Sam,"Brilliantly crafted game. The VR aspect can sometimes be buggy, such as losing tracking much easier than other games and (my personal biggest issue with the game) the hitboxes being too big causing my virtual hands to get stuck on my character's legs or stuck on a console. I think the game needs more content too, such as a Prime timeline DLC, and more mission variations. Sounds like I've been nagative but the social aspect and actual gameplay is incredible."
76561198020348303,Not Recommended,527100,32308547,Posted: 9 June,all,Eridanii,"Constantly Freezes on me, without warning at any time. When it does work, its great, tons of fun. But getting it to work is a pain. Hopefully they update it with a patch and fix the issue, but im not holding my breath."
,Recommended,527100,32343905,Posted: 11 June,all,StandingCow,So far this is the best VR game out there imho.  The audio and visuals are fantastic.
,Recommended,527100,32202972,Posted: 5 June,all,TheBlade00,Best VR game to date.
76561198350369561,Recommended,527100,32073074,Posted: 30 May,all,n4chtwind,Amazing game! I really enjoy the multiplayer gameplay!
,Not Recommended,527100,32787703,Posted: 25 June,all,MLG Clown,The Vive multiplayer voice cut out issue neeeds fixed!
76561197972848811,Recommended,527100,32369512,Posted: 12 June,all,gshort1,"Yeah its star trek its good... £40 meh if hard core then yes, im sure they will be adding more stuff...hopfuly.as with life its never the job but the people you work with that makes it fun.."
76561198026449262,Recommended,527100,32157295,Posted: 3 June,all,You8MaChipZz,Ive never written a review for a game but this f**kin game compels me to spread the word. Its good guys. The 6.5 hours ive spent so far playing this was in one sitting. The actual mechanics and gameplay are simplified and can be redundant but you never realize this in game because your helm is flying into a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥hazardous anomaly while shields are lowered and a bird of prey just decloaked and youre trying to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together while the engineer cant stop pointing at the red head chick who has been pressing the same damn button fot the past 15 minutes. Sh*t is lit.
76561198278112121,Recommended,527100,34738741,Posted: 4 September,all,lexsteel,if you like star trek you will love this game.
76561198047550861,Recommended,527100,32099918,Posted: 31 May,all,s.jones01,the game feels awsome.need graphic options in game.also finding it hard in solo missions to no exactly what to do????probably just me.
76561198039143834,Recommended,527100,32141127,Posted: 2 June,all,balance808,The most fun I've had with my Vive! Worth the price.
76561198073305447,Not Recommended,527100,32169697,Posted: 4 June,all,scrappychin,"This game looks like it has a lot of potential, but at the moment it is unplayable, it crashes regularly, either before embarking or on a mission or in the mission. One time none of the controls worked in game and it said 'unable to change settings while in warp', we sat around for about 5 minutes then had to quit.I think I've had about 20 minutes actual play time and 3 hours of trying to connect with friends and then reconnect after the game crashes.Have requested a refund.Might be worth getting in 6 months after they have fixed all the bugs"
,Recommended,527100,32100095,Posted: 31 May,all,Tyrrin,I cannot reccomend this enough! This is what VR is made for. Absolutely incredible.
76561198014876523,Recommended,527100,32081597,Posted: 31 May,all,mR. tOm-AtO,Star Trek : Mouth Breathers.best ST game I ever played hands down though10/10
76561197970345813,Not Recommended,527100,32218358,Posted: 6 June,all,Hotpot,"It was with great sadness and much anger that I had to get a refund for this game. I briefly actually got to play the game and did a few of the training exercises. I was excited to play the campaign but had to exit to adjust my vr room setting. I'd had difficulty starting the game the first time but when I returned, it was impossible for me to start it.You see, there are TWO levels of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ that you have to get through before the game fires up. The UPLAY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, which will often knock you back saying service unavailable. If you get past THAT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you are then confronted with the game trying to connect to 'Bridge Crew Services'. Which was consistently failing to connect and saying bridge crew services unavailable.After 2 hours of trying to get the damned thing to work, I gave up, tired of the hoops I'd had to jump through. I angrily demanded a refund.If this issue is sorted out in the future, I may try again but until that time, I'll give it a swerve."
,Not Recommended,527100,32269243,Posted: 8 June,all,luke_cowdry02,"The game looks great but its rubbish for the hard of hearing as it don’t have subtitles for the solo play, rather shocking for a game that cost £40, cheaper VR games have done subtitles without problem."
76561197965458158,Recommended,527100,34742707,Posted: 4 September,all,SYTOON,This is a great game which really shows what you can do with VR! So much fun!!!
76561197966752172,Not Recommended,527100,35032423,Posted: 17 September,all,OrangeTide,Unable to register with Ubisoft's uplay service makes it impossible for me to even try the game.
,Not Recommended,527100,34663010,Posted: 1 September,all,Mikrohas,What the...? No English subtitles option despite being listed on store page with English subtitles option.
76561198020083818,Recommended,527100,34421347,Posted: 22 August,all,feecione,Simply must own VR title.. nuff said.
76561198068633638,Recommended,527100,32073957,Posted: 30 May,all,StingingRumble,"really great time so far,, cant wait to play more. Great game, and experience like no other!"
76561198007076178,Recommended,527100,32069062,Posted: 30 May,all,Alphapie,Best VR Game yet
,Recommended,527100,34710061,Posted: 3 September,all,NilPointZero,Would be better if it had achievementsOther than that great game for any Star Trek fan
76561198233558396,Not Recommended,527100,35088517,Posted: 20 September,all,cpharrmac,Fun for the first 5 minutes but then falls short. With very little content but a huge price. This game is worth 20$.
76561198013509638,Recommended,527100,32114550,Posted: 1 June,all,Blackened,"Very well put together , Multi player is a Blast.  I havent tried single player mission yet but will soon enough. 10/10 Game Score"
76561198110164823,Not Recommended,527100,34950293,Posted: 14 September,all,WellArmedWolf,"Terrible.  Just terrible.  The most overhyped, half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥crap I've seen in a long time.  Avoid it."
76561197969390554,Recommended,527100,32087746,Posted: 31 May,all,Anton,Its Official im a Captain! o the great fun I have with this game....
76561198041302898,Recommended,527100,32077517,Posted: 30 May,all,ComputerHRD,Fantastic. Really feels like you are part of a space fleet.
76561197965341745,Recommended,527100,32126101,Posted: 2 June,all,AmigaNG,"This is a soild title in the VR space, agian like many VR games, the content is little lite for the price, there only 6 mission, but there is a lot of replay vavle, just playing in all the different roles for each mission extends out the gameplay and then you got the very complex classic bridge to play though, I kinda hope they open the game up to modders, there so much they could do even if they only allow Reskined bridges and uniforms from different star trek, Uibsoft could sell new missions as dlc, thats what I would like to see, but anyway, if your a star trek fan and have VR this is really a must title, if your just into VR, and not a fan of trek, I still would recommend it, specially when the price goes down, this is in my top 5 VR games. Give it a 4 out of 5, and if and when it drop below £25, 5 out of 5."
76561198094257461,Recommended,527100,32102980,Posted: 1 June,all,matthew.5redpath,"After only two days of release I have enjoyed hours of fun with this game. As majority of people have said, multiple player across platforms works well. The controls are amazing and the quality of the gameplay is outstanding.I do have a couple of nit-picking:Everytime I go on multilayer, when I try to talk to someone, their audio sounds glitch. I can't hear half the words that they are saying. Not sure If it's just me or if there is something wrong with that game.Also it would be nice to able to explore a bit a more of the ship, or even be able to change side to either klingon or Romulan.Still really enjoy the game and what it offers and can't wait to see where the developers go with it."
76561198014887840,Recommended,527100,32104060,Posted: 1 June,all,Brand-X,"Wow, so far this is VR's killer app for me.  Definitely the most fun since I bought my Vive.Content is a little shallow, but I'm sure there's more to come, and some of the button layouts are a little suspect (i.e. Red Alert being right next to answer hail, and power distribution very close to stop all repairs) but beyond that a very smooth interface.  Exceptionally immersive and fun all around."
76561197993052757,Recommended,527100,32144107,Posted: 2 June,all,Cobret,Star Trek fan here. best VR mulitplayer game I played yet this far.
,Recommended,527100,32185293,Posted: 4 June,all,Macross,"The most fun I've had with my trousers on, even better no one can tell if you do or not!I can't wait to see what Ubisoft do with it in the future and add more content."
,Recommended,527100,32079494,Posted: 30 May,all,IM0001,"As far as killer AAA VR titles go, especially multiplayer ones, this is hands down one of the best so far.The best of this game comes out when everyone is joking with Star Trek references, making fun of the Captail, and overall having a great time while proceeding with whatever mission objectives that command throws at your team.While you can just grind through the missons with laser like focus, (I teamed up with a Captain that was exactly this) the game looses a little bit of its charm when the crew isn't talking and just doing what they should be doing, but without any real interatcion, you might as well just play with AI.To really enjoy Bridge Crew, you can't take it too seriously.Approach even a repeat mission differently, do something out of order, play around, make mistakes, and make sure everyone is having a good time to make for one of the most memorable Multiplayer VR expereinces yet.Also of note for Oculus owners currently (As of 5/30/2017) Be sure to get the HelloV app if you would like to multitask with a webbrowser ingame so you can watch your Twitch/YouTube stream chat, queue up some Spotify, watch YouTube/Netflix/Plex while you crew up in space. AugmentedVR is fantastic."
,Recommended,527100,32069228,Posted: 30 May,all,Therandus,"Would happily keep coming back to play this. Even though of course this game could be turned into a a much better game with more content (i see this as one of the longer tech preview), it is still a quality game with lots of hours of fun to be had, not just with friends but even with randoms. :) Its premise is awesome and we need more VR games like this but expanded even more."
76561198042591605,Recommended,527100,32090582,Posted: 31 May,all,sideswipe,"Love this game and what it does. This is at it's funnest working with a team, you can get by by manning different stations yourself but let the chaos ensue when working with a team. Once you get a cadence with the crew, you get that eebie geebie of being on the show!"
,Recommended,527100,32213248,Posted: 5 June,all,BRAK (ง°ل͜°)ง BABALITY,"I've been waiting a very long time for a Star Trek game to be like this.  If only it had more ""downtime"" stuff.  But it's a Bridge Simulator, and that's where the action is, and it does it excellently."
,Recommended,527100,32110408,Posted: 1 June,all,Pennative,Regardless of how you feel about star trek this game is absolutely riveting. Playing with a full crew is some of the most fun I've had in VR.
,Recommended,527100,32129846,Posted: 2 June,all,Nerd-San,oh my goodness this is the best thing ever!
,Recommended,527100,34782661,Posted: 6 September,all,Horatio Somerville,awesome game well worth the moooney
76561198023038097,Recommended,527100,32199490,Posted: 5 June,all,Solver,"First off, I'm a big trek fan, but i will try to keep it about the game.So far, this is the best VR game out there for me. Replayability is however a bit lacking and the campaign is very short.Good crews does make up for the limited variation in the autogenerated missions that follow after the campaing.It defenetly have DLC potential, and i would not be surprised if that wasn't the plan all along, so that will defenetly add to replayability.So far, there are game breaking bugs, but they are few and far apart, so this is not an isssue for me.Graphicly speaking there are a few minor drawbacks here and there, but overall it is beutiful and i often find myself just looking out in space around me.Music would benefit from an owerhaul, but not to an extent that it ruins the game.Can be played both with AI and friends. Althou the AI does a pretty good job, it does not match a player crew."
76561197963449508,Recommended,527100,32093953,Posted: 31 May,all,Phorensika,"this   it   just   OMG. Nerdathon. Just finished listening to star trekkin by the firm for like the 20th time while giving orders and explaining to the wife and kids that it`s captain Dad as of now.To be totally honest if this wasnt a star trek game it would be worth 20 at most. BUT. it goes bling and sounds like william shatner is going to turn up at any point. It is awesome to play. sit in the captains chair, analyze that, oh sod it, just shoot it already :DPure fun for any fan. I can right now picture the newest episode of Big Bang Theory where they are playing this..new laptop for gaming 1700€ vive htc 800€ star trek 50€. worth every last cent to sit in that chair and issue the engage command :D*****************************************************Ähm. Ok the nerd in me has worn off and I want to play a deep immersive Star Trek game. This gets old suprisingly quickly, The Missions are samey and to be honest, i am close to uninstalling it now that the bling has worn off.I still recommend it for ANY Star Trek fan, but wait for a sale, it really is not worth 40 Euros once you have played it for a couple of hours."
76561197995817433,Recommended,527100,32167036,Posted: 3 June,all,Masrock,"I've enjoyed the six hours that I've played in this game, socially cooperating in a crew has been great, -the banter after accidentally hitting the red alert button for the third time as captain was very funny. I can see the limitations the 2D plane of flying the ship, the limited range of missions. I'd like to merge many of the elements from this game into the multicrew format of Elite Dangerous, (Elite Bridge Crew.) I also like how all formats from PS4 VR , Occulus and Vive all play in the same instance almost seamlessly - PS4 players turn down your Tv and let the dog out please.I hope more content and missions are released as free add-ons to justify the price tag.It's been fun so far."
76561198007289684,Recommended,527100,32075914,Posted: 30 May,all,Tumbly,This is by far my favorite VR game now.  I am a huge Star Trek Fan and have wanted this before VR was ever a thing.  I can only hope that they do plenty of add-ons for more missions and other ships.As a hardcore Trek fan this game does have it's flaws.The 180 degree firing arc of the phasers and the fact that both torpedos come from the front of the ship is a huge one.  (shakes my head).  It should be a 360 firing range for torpedoes and forward and aft facing torpedo launchers.   This makes the manuvers of the helm more tactical for since the torpedoes seem to do so much damage.That the helm can't roll the ship and the shields have no arc facings at all is another.  Can't tell you how many times in the shows this was something that kept them alive.   Again this would increase the tactical benefits of properly manuvering the ship.Still even with these obvious flaws I would have to recommend this game to any Star Trek fan.  There just isn't anything else out there like it.  The feeling of sitting on your bridge commanding the crew is amazing!Protip:  I warped the ship out once our shields dropped in the Kobashi Maru.  Live to fight another day!
,Recommended,527100,32190101,Posted: 4 June,all,Moose,A ubisoft game with 93% posititve rating. It's that ♥♥♥♥ing good.
,Recommended,527100,34382504,Posted: 20 August,all,Boreal,"Yes, it's Ubisoft actually made a good game! I had already heard good things about the game, but just playing it was amazing to look at and control. The community is great as well and they really helped me to quickly learn the controls. So, buy the game!"
,Recommended,527100,34673474,Posted: 1 September,all,Darth Caveman,BEST GAME EVER
76561197971359471,Not Recommended,527100,35196234,Posted: 24 September,all,aaron.grayson,"UPlay, and by extension Ubisoft, has crippled this game. It took several failed attempts to even get the game to load. Then the system would not recognize my controllers, Vive or otherwise, until I plugged in an XBox controller.And if that was not enough, the game would not regonize the VR headset, despite the fact Steam VR was up and running, and registered all hardware as green. And because of that I could not even play the game. I had to let the load screen sit there for 5 minutes just so I could write this review.This has been by far the worst VR experience I have had, as I did not actually experience any VR. Just real world technical problems. Thank you Ubisoft for continuing to  make quality products."
76561198014360108,Recommended,527100,32124040,Posted: 2 June,all,MuddyStone,"At last, everything I dreamed VR could be!"
,Recommended,527100,34487862,Posted: 25 August,all,Mortirer,The best VR game I have played so far.
76561197974763448,Recommended,527100,32144010,Posted: 2 June,all,tfwfh,I just now literally redirected power to the shields.11/10.
,Recommended,527100,32068996,Posted: 30 May,all,Tobastion,Everything I hoped it would be and more.
,Recommended,527100,32091322,Posted: 31 May,all,Puss in Army Boots,I like this.You must experience it.Nuff said.
76561197972223037,Recommended,527100,32193539,Posted: 5 June,all,Edge_DragoonRider,"An incredible wave of the future, don't think, buy."
76561197997991822,Recommended,527100,32403104,Posted: 13 June,all,Malakite,"Thought the game was great, except.. well Uplay...refunded because I was reminded how much I hate their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ program you need to launch the game."
76561198333239123,Recommended,527100,32068300,Posted: 30 May,all,pacho,"Wow this is amazing, its What star trek online should have been.I really Hope for a game like this in a star trek online world it would be the greatest ever..."
76561198040972672,Not Recommended,527100,33894701,Posted: 29 July,all,Parzival,Bought this game for a lot of money because people say it is SO GOOD. cant find people online... is there a way to find people online or do i have to delete this game?
76561198166336535,Not Recommended,527100,35337614,Posted: 30 September,all,BadgerHunterD,"Would be ok but... uplay... the worst thing to happen to games and gaming EVER!. I usualy avoid and refuse to perchace anything they make contact with anyone who has ever tried to fix an issue with them or try to get a product to link up will tell you what they probly ended up saying to them... quit. sell everything and strip your company down so that average or higher companys can do what your supposed to do only better. I had to ignor my instincts for this (is a trek game) and after a long and drawn out linking of the game to my dusty old unused uplay account and so many time out errors connecting then connected followed by connection lost followed then by server issues conecton error I finaly got in (45 min from linking uplay account) and got to do training then a solo mission (good times were had in these short moments where i got to play thumbs way up) then server issues so i called it a day. The game hasn't loaded since that first play as now my steam account and uplay account have fallen out and my rage contiues as i have to fight through the faq's on uplay to talk to a person but i cant because nobody is alive in that department so i make a ticket and three weeks later im guessing there assasns creed carrior pidgon with my response has been tradgicly shot down, rip little fella your flying with angels now. so in short the 40 min of game play i got out of this was fun i cant give an overall opinion as uplay is still years later... Aweful"
,Recommended,527100,32066364,Posted: 30 May,all,Abs,"I'm only in the training right now, but I LOVE IT!Edit: One thing that I've noticed is that it's scaled...a little large. It's as if the game assumes we are all 6 feet tall, and I am finding it difficult to hit some of the controls using the controllers. I haven't tried it with a gamepad yet."
76561198025191101,Not Recommended,527100,32167430,Posted: 3 June,all,RogueQD,"The bridge and ship controls are the best part of the game, and even they could be improved a lot. While they could have made a semi-complex simulator that geeks and nerds everywhere would have rejoiced in, instead they dumbed it down so it's accessible to 9 year-olds.After completing all the missions I'm having a bit of fun helping PS4 players get through them. I hope they release some free DLC mission packs soon or the multiplayer could end up being a ghost town as everyone gets bored of the same missions over and over."
76561198053229074,Not Recommended,527100,32419351,Posted: 14 June,all,-_-,"Can't log into uplay, can never log into Uplay. If I had checked to se who put this out ahead of time I wouldn't have baought it. Worst company on the planet. I want my money back."
76561197989813957,Not Recommended,527100,32185199,Posted: 4 June,all,bgrant,"Gamne is great, when it works. Way to many game breaking bugs in it rightvnow to recomend it. Considering  the number of issues everyone Ive talked to have encountered this game wasnt ready for release. Hopfullty they will get it sorted out before it tanks the game because it is a fun game."
76561198324562399,Not Recommended,527100,32117862,Posted: 1 June,all,2010  knight,Hoping the Dev fix the issues soon. The release did not go so well I got stuck in warp 3 times and could not get out. This has the potential to do well if the Dev are committed to fixing the bugs and continuing the missions. I will update this review as the developers update the game. For now it's thumbs down because the game kept bugging out.
,Not Recommended,527100,32396786,Posted: 13 June,all,Solo,"This game is not worth the price of 49.99$. I would pay about 5.99-8.99 on the generous side. On the positive the character avatars look neat, albeit it very hard to customize them. There are only two races to choose from which makes the game feel like a very very very early release.The game play it self is centered around clicking on menus whether you are the captain, engineer, tactical or helm you click on menus. I just played through several single player missions and they were awful. Don't even think about trying to play on TOS series enterprise. You are relegated to trying to figure out which colored resin drop to click on and when.Speaking of clicking on menus(the core of the game), the mechanism to click with the vive controllers is incredibly akward and there doesnt seem to be an intutive way to adjust your hand position. Don't even try to play this in a chair with arms. Youll never be able to hit the buttons with out spilling your beer. Its constantly a struggle to find a comfortable height through trial and error of recentering the vive headset.The game basically uses a super complex menus interface to accomplish very simple tasks, yet it is incredibly difficult to even tell whats going on because the main screen view is so low res.I only bought the game because I'm a huge trek fan and have seen all 760 some hours worth of TOS, Next Gen, DS9, Voyager, Enterprise, The movies, and the Cartoon series from the 70's and this does not even live up to the most casual expectation for a trek game with the enormous potential of VR.This game is DEFINITELY A CASH GRAB. DONT BUY IT."
,Not Recommended,527100,32401027,Posted: 13 June,all,Station,"It was kinda fun, but I guess you gotta be an actual Star Trek fan to justify playing this more than once."
76561198051249240,Not Recommended,527100,32495221,Posted: 16 June,all,DarkMatterHelix,"Ouch.  Got burnt on this deal.  Really hope there will be some updates and improvements.It took about 15 minutes to just get the game running, it required installing yet another nosey service app Ubisoft or Uplay or something along those lines.  I tried to disable most of that app's meddling features, but know that it's going to eventually become a nuisance or system resource leech.   Once I created an account with UbiSoft and got their app installed alongside Steam, Star Trek crashed a few times and eventually Ujunk notified me that it wanted to ""connect"" to my Steam account.  Don't know what that means, but couldn't proceed without agreeing to it.  Another crash, and then finally the app got past all nag screens.Once the app started, I thought it best to get familiar with everything before venturing into co-op play.  So I tried tried single player.  The initial thought was ""Neat!  I'm in the captains chair, and this 'body' is weird.  Hands are too skeletal and despite recentering numerous times I could never get in quite the right position to comfortably interact with control without weird distorted movements.When I did get accustomed to it, interacting with the controls was just ok, not great and it wasn't very clear what I should do.   After a lot of tapping around, I started making progress, but the game quickly became boring.I haven't tried co-op play yet.  Maybe that experience is more immersive or maybe being able to talk to other players will provide enough distraction and engagement to give it a better overall experience.I'll probably try co-op play after spending more time just getting quicker with interactions.Anyhow, the first impression is disappointment, and I wish I'd paid $5 for the game instead of $50.Oh, and the demo videos of course look nicer and more exciting than actual game play I've experienced thus far.  I'm hoping there will be enough single player campaign content and stories to make this worth the price."
,Recommended,527100,32163220,Posted: 3 June,all,Kalimah,Waaaaaaahhh waaaaaaaaaaaaa!!  It's only VR!!!  VR SUCKS!!  WAAAAAAAHHHHH!       Great VR game for us VR Owners and not for the dweebs that don't have it but insist it sucks!
,Not Recommended,527100,32156091,Posted: 3 June,all,Tron Travolta,"Voice Commands are NOT currently in the game. This was a primary draw for me. They will be patched in at a later point, but for right now I can't recommend. Once voice commands are in the game I will HAPPILY change this reviews recommendation to ""YES"""
,Not Recommended,527100,32095103,Posted: 31 May,all,Vacuu,"Uplay crash at launch, proceeding to jump through hoops to apease the bloated uplay laucnher requirement."
76561198158258543,Not Recommended,527100,32118923,Posted: 1 June,all,Atomp,"Needs a height adjustment asap! Is a great game, well poilshed, fun to play. But they need to make some changes to the height/seating adjustment! While it is still usable with a controller it just seems like a thing easily fixable with a minor height adjustment tool . The game is great but this seems basic and overlooked...."
76561198393182483,Not Recommended,527100,32201253,Posted: 5 June,all,Store Roller Michael,Uplay doesn't work
,Not Recommended,527100,32101658,Posted: 1 June,all,Avitz,"This is a provisional because I can't actually play this game right now but actually want to.Star Trek VR on the HTC vive uses the internal senser on the headset - It's that little guy between the eye pieces. This is done to check if you're actually wearing your vr headset - Because why wouldn't I not be wearing my VR headset when I want to play a VR game. If it can't find you, it'll FREEZE the game and stick a 'Put on your VR headset' comment on your desktop screen.So if you say...Wear darkly coloured glasses, then guess what, the sensor will only see the black of your lense and think you're not wearing it.IE. I cannot play this game because I have the audacity to wear glasses.Take 'em off and it works juuuust fine.When this issue gets fixed I'll be returning to rewrite this review. For now however this is a warning to other people that need glasses to play VR games - It may not actually work for you. Buyer beware."
,Not Recommended,527100,32078554,Posted: 30 May,all,Hellbent,"100 minutes in(but only about 65 of those minutes were playing.For some reason if you wear glasses, this game, and ONLY this game says the head set has been removed.   Before I found out that sticking a piece of post-it note solves this issue, I uninstalled oculus, revive, and viveport.   I reset all USB devices.  I reinstalled STBC 3 times on 2 different drives.  I emptied caches.Way to go Ubisoft, way to go.So if you get ""VR Headset removed"" and wear glasses, a piece of tape might fix this for you.   Hopefully Ubisoft patches this soon, its pretty annoying.,As far as the game itself is, I played 2 of the 4 training modules and played the first single player mission.   Kind of interesting, kind of boring.   I bet multiplayer is a bit more exciting.For $50 and a pushed back release date, I expected something a little more polished.   At one point during training the instructors mouth stopped moving but the voice droned on.Will revise review if multiplayher is where its at or if Ubisoft fixes this damn sensor issue."
,Not Recommended,527100,32079538,Posted: 31 May,all,blank,"I want to give this a good review, but I can't, since I can't play it.You see, my microphone isn't recognized in game, and to play online you need to test your microphone successfully.So I tried removing all other microphones but the Vive, and that didn't work either.No response so far from Ubisoft or the developers, so I'll leave this review up until it's fixed, or until I decide to refund the game.EDIT:Some fanboys in the comments seem to think my mic is broken & that I haven't tried disabling other input devices. I wrote this review after doing extensive tests at the advice of some members of the community hub. Fanboys gonna fanboyMORE EDITS:Solution here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/527100/discussions/0/1290691937707165652/Review will be left until this is fixed. Embarassing that an AAA dev doesn't even bother doing this stuff when every♥♥♥♥♥♥tier Unity game on steam has."
,Not Recommended,527100,32069783,Posted: 30 May,all,AbstractRobbie,"""The needs of my money, outweigh the needs of the screw, or the con.....""This game is not worth a review of the gameplay or content when it constantly fails to keep connected to the VR headset.I do not pay for buggy software, nor do I allow myself to be employed at my cost to help report and fix bugs such as these, that is Ubisofts job.I am refunding and will wait until the developer decides to ensure it works correctly first. Until then, my money stays in my pocket.They delayed it several times, and it is a VR ONLY title. A bug is a bug is a bug but when said bug is something which looses the video stream to the headset, it is without doubt - end game.There is No excuse for such an issue upon release. QED.I would have initially put it down to a poor USB or HDMI connection however I have many titles which are VR, support VR or I run using VR via Vorpx. None of them loose connection to the headset."
76561197974198289,Not Recommended,527100,32140406,Posted: 2 June,all,percy,"The game only works with VR-Hardware, thats very stupid. Why is there no non-VR mode to get into the game. Very bad :o("
,Recommended,527100,32847289,Posted: 27 June,all,BlakBradPitt,This is the type of VR experience we have all been waiting for. Just... Amazing.
76561198062753715,Recommended,527100,32834861,Posted: 26 June,all,Nofear001,2 questions answered1: Is this game fun?Yes very fun if you are into team work based games. you can go it alone with the AI but it just is not as glorious as a full crew of human players. So don't bother trying to play alone go straight for the quick match.2: Should you pay full price for this game?I admit. I was very resiestant to paying full price for this game. I was unsure if game play would hold up to the videos.Don't think just buy. If you like VR games this is extremely well done and a very entertaining. This is the only VR game to date I can say was worth the pennies I was required to pay.
76561198043112345,Recommended,527100,32943448,Posted: 28 June,all,Pencilcase,My second best VR experience so far
,Recommended,527100,32957326,Posted: 28 June,all,ENrgStar,"This game is truly one of the best VR experiences and everything I've dreamed of for a Star Trek experience my whole life. Not only is it a fun experience to start out, but it Kees getting better. With the addition of voice commands recently.. I'm so excited for the potential of this game as it continues to grow. I'm glad they chose to release it in its current form and grow into it. It really is a great showcase."
,Recommended,527100,32951359,Posted: 28 June,all,NotGaben,"Star Trek fan or not, this is a must have VR title. Cross platform play means wait times are generally short. Graphics are well done, and text is easily readable. The campaign can be completed in a few hours, but the beauty of this game is the multiplayer aspect. The best moments of the game are when you're being bombarded by klingon ships and the captain is yelling to warp out, and you have to yell back there's not enough power. It truly brings you into the universe"
,Recommended,527100,32998941,Posted: 29 June,all,Flarn,One of the best VR games I have ever played. With the new addition of IBM Watson Voice Commands I am playing through it all over again. I find a lot of replay value in trying the different positions and the randomly generated adventures.
76561198077262492,Recommended,527100,33109571,Posted: 1 July,all,StevieJack,"A good game, I didn’t realize it was a COOP multiplayer, I don’t usually like those types, but this game does it well."
,Recommended,527100,33069032,Posted: 30 June,all,Locksheon,"Star Trek perfection!  Well, aside from awkward looking hands...Seriously though, if you own VR and don't own Star Trek Bridge Crew, you're wasting your money."
,Recommended,527100,33063045,Posted: 30 June,all,Kauer Gaming,Cool.♥♥♥♥♥ Game.Best yet in VR in my opinion.
,Recommended,527100,33040500,Posted: 30 June,all,NyckXD,Man oh man this game is fun. I hope they push some updates so people don't get bored.
76561197971850954,Recommended,527100,33011857,Posted: 29 June,all,Grim(CW),"I've spent several hours in game so far, and its really surprisingly good! Remember what Bridge Commander was supposed to be all those years ago? Thats what this is, an actual Star trek Bridge simulation where you take a station and get to work. Be it in single player or online, the games really all about team work and communication.AI is a bit wonkey at times, and will run right through asteroids and debris if left to its own. But for the first time I'm not mad its an MP game primarily, because it offers the SP, and the MP is just amazing.It's also cross platform, so PSVR and Oculus users can join right into the fray.Only real complaints is the bad AI navigation, no PVP, and lack of ships/bridges. Other than that, this is the beginning of what trek games should be. Now if we could get Free roam and away teams, it'd be the perfect trek game!"
76561198026979559,Recommended,527100,33006845,Posted: 29 June,all,FistyMcgee,This Game is AMAZING!!!!! So much fun playing it. I hope they come up with more add-ons for the game in the future! Next Ubisoft needs to make is a Star Wars flight simulator!!!
,Recommended,527100,33032366,Posted: 30 June,all,Come Sail Away U Guys,"This game is amazing!!!! As I am someone that grew up on original Star Trek and in the late 70's took to an Apple 2 like a pig to truffles, I was excited at the idea of interacting with my favorite science fiction show through virtual reality. It DID NOT dissapoint! Being sucked into a world that I've watched on TV, read in comics, imagined about was nearly overwhelming. Looking forward to future growth of VR software and THIS game in particular."
76561197970557778,Recommended,527100,33056650,Posted: 30 June,all,jiggerrabbit,My favourite VR title currently
76561197990116280,Recommended,527100,32477279,Posted: 16 June,all,Biscuits87,Absolutely the most fun I've had in VR!
76561198026293167,Recommended,527100,32475676,Posted: 16 June,all,timglu,"Wow -The first game I have played that really showed me VR was awesome.I have played this in multi-hour stretches that normally would make me a little sick and none here.It really does make you feel like you are not sitting in a chair at home.A must have for a VR owner.I really cant wait for more experiences like this one, and multi-platform support that has worked well - bravo"
,Recommended,527100,33224375,Posted: 4 July,all,Darkwoods,im not a star trek fan but this game is great
,Recommended,527100,33212523,Posted: 3 July,all,DJSean00,"Love it - the best game on VR, I love being the captain of a bong smoking tactical officer and a 13 yrold helmsmen! Thank god for the chain smoking engineer or we'd be f**ked!"
,Recommended,527100,32111359,Posted: 1 June,all,Cariazam,"One and a half hours of sheer fun in going through the tutorial and first missions in solo campaign and I can honestly say that Ubisoft has again created a beautiful VR title. After Eagle Flight which had me soaring through the ruins of Paris, this title also nails the VR experience really well.Star Trek has inspired my fascination for space adventuring since I was a kid, Kirk's crew being the first to do so. In gaming Elite has quenched my thirst for being my own commander through the years, the last few years through the VR experience of Elite Dangerous. Despite of the latest multicrew features, the latter game is mostly a lonely endeavor. So here comes Star Trek, inviting me back to that bridge where it all began, inviting me to share the experience with others too. WOW!Sitting in the captain's chair is overwhelming. I am in awe about the surrounding environment. Ubisoft has done a great job with the UI and the controls; the learning curve is perfect! Sounds and sight are all a delight.I want to run through some more training before I join in the multiplayer crew, but I don't think that will take too long.See you in space. ☺"
,Recommended,527100,32119933,Posted: 1 June,all,iBRKurama,This is a fantastic multiplayer experience whether you are a fan of the series or not. Very polished and more in-depth than I expected. Definitely recommend.
,Recommended,527100,32119483,Posted: 1 June,all,NextWave,"It's great to have another amazing Star Trek game. They don't come often, but this one is worth the wait. If you like Star Trek or sci-fi in general, this is the perfect gaming experience. It plays great by yourself just being the captain (similar to Star Trek: Starfleet Academy or Bridge Commander) but add in the ability to play with friends and you've got an instant classic. The only thing more I could ask for is future DLC (more missions and more bridges...Enterprise-D, Voyager, Defiant? YES PLEASE!)."
,Recommended,527100,32120539,Posted: 1 June,all,Evileyes,"TO all my fellow VR warriors, this is a keeper. Buy it."
,Recommended,527100,32133847,Posted: 2 June,all,Batman,"==OVERVIEW==(FOR REFERENCE I PLAY ON A RIFT) This game is just fun, even having literally 0 knowledge of star trek (like myself lol) I did all the trainings, and even though theres a lot of technical jargon, i was able to get the gist of each role so when I went online I wasn't completely ignorant to the systems. I really felt like I was apart of something bigger and theres something relaxing about cracking jokes while avoiding death. in terms of Multiplayer, this is without a doubt one of the best multiplayer experiences I've had gaming period. It's very easy to make friends, as everyone wants to accomplish the same goal, and for the most part people are open to advice + constructive critisism, which there will be a lot of at the start.++PROS+++unique roles, everyone has their purpose+I like how everyone can access intrusion/teleporting subsystems+Very immersive, If you hear someone just playing the game you'd be wondering wtf they were talking about+replayability (even though I haven't gotten bored with the story yet)+ talking between crew mates feels like It's real+It's just fun--CONS---at times the controller can be a bit wonky with tracking- I can't give my crew mates a thumbs up-I wish there was PvP-At the Helm, It'd be cool if you could go beyond the limits, it'd make it feel more like a sandbox (even though it isn't)-It hasn't happened yet, but if someone doesn't have time to finish a mission I can see it being difficult trying to hold everything together-No cool eye blocker thing that I always see the black guys have on the show for my avatar8/10, very fun. If you have VR, you should get this just to see how immersive and cooperative of an experience it can be."
76561197978864977,Recommended,527100,32089893,Posted: 31 May,all,Armor9,"Amazing game; this is why I bought the Vive, for games like this.  While the price might have people shy away, I would tell them it is the frist VR game that I beleive deserves to sold at the price of other AAA games.  This is a must buy for Star Trek and/or VR fans."
,Recommended,527100,32089989,Posted: 31 May,all,Npakaderm,"I was typing a much longer review and accidentally hit the back button so I'm going to keep this short this time.  Here's a quick TL;DR before my brief review.- Do the training before jumping into the campaign. Just do it, you will need to familiarize yourself with the stations before jumping into multiplayer or you are going to cause other people to have a bad time. Don't be that person.- The Vive controllers work great, I was nervous seeing all of the reviewers and people testing at Ubisoft using an Oculus rift with the touch controllers but the Vive controllers are super awesome for this game.- If you wear glasses you may need to take them off or place a piece of white paper over the IR sensor in between the two lenses inside the vive or the game might think you aren't wearing your headset.- There is a single player campaign along with proceduraly generated single player content for potentially limitless replay value, have yet to try much of that so we'll see how it holds up.The game is a bit expensive for a VR only title, but it is extremely high quality content. Some serious thought went into this game. Every element of the bridge was well thought out. The sounds are incredible, the graphics are great, and so far the campaign has been a lot of fun with some great surprises.  One of the coolest features IMO is the external view of the ship you can view. Some of the best visuals in the game are only seen in that external view. It really gives the true scale of the size of the ship which is super cool. I have yet to try multiplayer but will soon assuming some friends pick it up. I'm also considering buying a Vive for my wife so we can play together. She's a big Star Trek fan along with me so I'm excited about the prospect of getting to play this with her if she's willing to drop the cash for another Vive.  I think this title has the potential to sell more VR headsets, it really shows what a great design team can do with VR.  What a time to be alive."
76561197980960152,Recommended,527100,32090084,Posted: 31 May,all,logobolas,"Great example of a well thoughout and well made VR game. Graphically it is immersive without going overboard or bland. And it actually has great single player and multiplayer! Even more the multiplayer can include any of the other VR device connected people. This helps greatly as in other multiplayer games you are often left with few people to play with. Though if that ever happens the single player is just as fun. Well done devs, well done."
,Recommended,527100,32076085,Posted: 30 May,all,AZ_Morenci_Dave,"Don't think I've ever reviewed a game on Steam, but for this one I had to.  Running on an Oculus with a GTX 1080.  Played through the tutorial and the first set of missions.  WOW!  Best VR experience so far.  As a fan growing up with the Star Trek universe, getting to experience this was something really special.  Remember those times as a kid (heck even as an adult) when you wished you could be on the bridge of a federation starship?  Now you can.  Was far more detailed than I hoped.  Ability to be at any of the major stations was unexpected and a blast to play.  I don't want to spoil anything, but your first mission is a complete suprise that made me feel like a kid again!  Kudos to everyone involved making this title.If I can think of any gripe, it'd maybe be the music.  Very very minor gripe.  It's great, but not the sweeping Trek tunes I was expecting.  Maybe they couldn't decide which generation of Trek music to use, lol.If you have VR, this is a must buy."
,Recommended,527100,32075159,Posted: 30 May,all,BOBMAN,"Oculus, Vive and PS-VR cross platform.Need I say more, the first moment I installed it I was in the headset for a solid 5 hours only having toilet breaks.Just buy it...."
,Recommended,527100,32076384,Posted: 30 May,all,Daedalus,So far I've only played solo but it is tons of fun. I cant to get to play som MP.
,Recommended,527100,32076247,Posted: 30 May,all,UneasyBoosh,"Not without its faults, yet if you have friends to play with or don't mind dealing with the randomness of a pickup game with strangers this is an A+ VR experience.I can already tell this will be the first game I spend a significant time in VR with. Cannot wait get my next taste of it.WORD of WARNING, If you plan to play this solo I would not recomend. Although the ability is there to command the AI it is clunky and not as good at the job as a human would be, this game is made for multiplayer."
76561198038216723,Recommended,527100,32076154,Posted: 30 May,all,Insufficient Data,"This game is phenominal , all of the classes  feel really fun , even captian where you don't do all that much .   Worth the price tag for  sure , this is the coolest vr experience i have had to date."
76561198006599968,Recommended,527100,32076165,Posted: 30 May,all,Corax,Seems to be shaping up to be a really good game so far.Its a shame that all of my roleplay group does not have VR as I would imagine to get the best experience out of this game you need to play multiplayer. SO I am off to the virtual world to get some human contact :P
,Recommended,527100,32075207,Posted: 30 May,all,Xipheas,"Really really good VR game. So much fun.My only concern is that, unless more content/difficulty is added in the future, it will stagnate.Cross platform with PS4 is also seamless and excellent."
,Recommended,527100,32075876,Posted: 30 May,all,dsueltenfuss,This is everything a Star Trek VR game should be!
,Recommended,527100,32074791,Posted: 30 May,all,Targetdrone,"Hot damn, it took some 30 years of waiting, but FINALLY i really can be captain of my own space ship... or chief engineer. Heck, it even feels satisfying to crash my ship into an asteroid because i thought i could do better than the ai navigator i had on my solo mission ;)In short, this game is a great experience, and a must-have for trekkies.... but even if you are just a sci-fi nut it feels great to BE on the bridge of a starship and work your station instead of just watching a show!Guess UbiSoft earned a thumbs up for that one from me!"
,Recommended,527100,32076980,Posted: 30 May,all,TheRealCybridX,"Awesome game with cool roles and enjoyable single player experience.  Worked beutifully on Vive.  Make sure you learn all of the different posts in case you need to take over the AI, sometimes, they don't react as fast as a human would."
,Recommended,527100,32077121,Posted: 30 May,all,Bsox,This is a well made game and it's one of the few games for VR that feels more than just a tech demo. The sound design is great and the sets look good. If you're playing solo the AI could use some improvement but overall it's not too bad but if given the chance this game thrives with other players in the seats.
76561197970757407,Recommended,527100,32077712,Posted: 30 May,all,valdan,"Great game. Simplistic, but fun. The more people the better."
76561198009205516,Recommended,527100,32117956,Posted: 1 June,all,NYCPCGAMER,"This game is so good.  When im not playing the game, im wishing i was playing the game.  For vr, its a no brainer."
76561198008044549,Recommended,527100,32113573,Posted: 1 June,all,draugen55,"Awesome♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you like VR, or star trek, just get it!!"
,Recommended,527100,32115854,Posted: 1 June,all,Goodman,So far so good. :) Give it 20 minutes to start becoming familiar and then get a good crew together and start learning the ways :) rewarding and fun!
76561198011097108,Recommended,527100,32119833,Posted: 1 June,all,Sgnt Kaos,"Just played the multiplayer today and i was blown away,The main aspect of this game is the co-op.  I was a bit hesitant of random matchmaking but decided to jump in.  My first group was a lot of fun as we were learning the controls and getting used to working together, after about an hour of random missions we went our seperate ways.  Still hyped by the fun i was having i joined another group,  we got right into the main story and soon into it we were falling into some light role play and i was having a blast playing the engineer and calling out reports to the captian.Pros:+ great multiplayer+ controls are easy to understand+ FPS is great (little to no motion sickness)+ FunCons:- some player to player audio issues (we couldn't figure out if it was us or the game)- game crashed once so far on me- i wish the players had more space to shift around even just 6 inchs (engineers cant see much of the viewscreen)Overall a great game that i will keep playing for a long time and i cant wait to find out what new missions and content we will see.P.S.devs i would love to see and actual science station for a 5th role.  someone who could have a wider map view and could do more with the system intrusion would be fun, even if they had some sort of minigame to discover cloaked ships or to boost other systems that the engineer cant."
,Recommended,527100,32140025,Posted: 2 June,all,Cristari,After playing on the PSVR I loved it so much I bought it for my Vive.This game is awesome and good fun as long as you have a few friends to play with or a group of randoms that are up for a good time.Is better with bear. Lots of fun for casual and serious play.
,Recommended,527100,32144826,Posted: 2 June,all,Petroph,"This is litteraly a Star Trek fans wet dream. This is such a great game. The story was a bit short, only 5 missions, but each mission proving to be 20 mins or longer depending on your skill level. Single player was great with the AI. Though I can see playing this with friends would be much better, as communication would be key. I did find myself manually commanding various positions, in single player, to beat the campaign solo, as the AI commands are somewhat limited without a target or having to manually keep telling them what to do.One of these missions involved a major battle with multiple ships on both sides. Seeing ships slug it out was great and felt exactly like the star trek universe. There is alot of replayability regarding the randomly generated missions as well. Which will most likely have me keep coming back for more.The only draw back that I see is the last of ships to command, Currently only 2. Would've been nice if attaining a higher rank in the game was more then just a status. Would've loved to unlock additional ships just by attaining higher ranks.Whether or not this game will recieve additional content after release remains to be seen. The price for the content seems a bit high. With AAA pricing you would expect more then just 5 campaign missions, especially after a long delay of the release.I will say their are very little bugs that I have experienced if not any at all.I will say that as a VR title this is one of the best I've ever played with a fully fledged story. Only other true VR game with a solid campaign is Arizona Sunshine.If your into Star Trek, and have a VR headset, you need this in your life. Nothing else to say."
76561197973782052,Recommended,527100,32144542,Posted: 2 June,all,uncasid,"Going to keep this short and sweet:Pros:* You are flying a star ship, this is so damn cool* Interacting with other players is a blast* Works on a wide range of devices (not just PC)Cons:* I think the consoles can be a little more complicated.  Engineering is just about right.* Need more ships / bridges (tng, pretty please)I have a feeling they will be adding a lot to this.  It is a great base, and very fun to play!"
76561198006201976,Recommended,527100,32134466,Posted: 2 June,all,[TLE] The-Fish-Tank,"Excellent game and very immersive, been waiting for something like this for years and im not disapointed, i cant wait for some dlc!"
,Recommended,527100,32151454,Posted: 3 June,all,Duskay,"Great fun. Even moreso when people arn't sure what they're supposed to be doing. Looks gorgeous and plays well. Cross-platform groups are seamless and voicechat really adds to the experience. Deserves to be expanded on in the future with more ships and storylines. Did get hit by the warp bug after a few missions, so hope that gets sorted out soon as it's a shame to have to split up a good team when you're having such a good time. Overall, totally recommended."
,Recommended,527100,32196406,Posted: 5 June,all,Ashburnh,"This game is amazing. I have played a couple of VR games, but none have come close to the interactions that you and your friends can achieve as crew on the Aegis or Enterprise. All the players must coordinate to prevent the death of themselves and to complete the mission objective. The first thing that came into my mind when I played this game was that this is VR FTL. That is pretty much a summary of what this game is, except you can be 1 of 4 roles."
,Recommended,527100,32076018,Posted: 30 May,all,Takuma Danuma,The official 'blame engineering' simulator.
76561198006772806,Recommended,527100,32170590,Posted: 4 June,all,Maris Araneth,This.......This is why I bought a Vive. Great game.
76561197993703914,Recommended,527100,32170536,Posted: 4 June,all,Primate,"I have really enjoyed this game. It has a great, if short campaign and potentially a fair bit of replayability with procedurally generated missions. There is a fair bit for each role to do, even if it could potentially be a bit less simple - ie. helm has no real ability to perform evasive manoeuvres, there's no inertia to deal with, no control of pitch; engineers' rerouting UI is overly fussy and could do with a rework with a less fussy UI and more to do other that wrangling with UI, such as dealing with fires/hull breaches/cabin decompression. Multiplayer is a blast, but pretty much what this game is about - if you buy this hoping to play single player I doubt you will feel you will get your money's worth.One major issue with the game is that most missions are designed in such a way that the ideal way to do them is via stealth. Playing this way is so much more optimal in terms of finishing the mission that to play any other way is giving yourself a handicap. Campaign missions also tend to have optional objectives of not being detected, further incentivising this style of playing. However, with this style of gameplay, it's mostly the captain and helm doing anything really impactful. The game is most fun when things go pear shaped or you get into combat, but unfortunately if you choose to do this then you're significantly less likely to have success. It'd be much better if tactical and engineering had more to do outside of combat.Which highlights another flaw; outside of combat there's not much else that's engaging about the game. I feel like there's a lot that could've been done outside of combat. Given the number of 'life signs' you tend to bring aboard the ship, some sort of interaction and decisions with all the people you're supposedly rescuing would have gone a long way to fleshing out the game outside of combat.Finally, there are some anti-competitive Intel practices going on in the game. Frankly I don't see how Ubisoft can justify locking graphical options behind having a recent generation i7 processor, which is what they are doing. They're not some cash starved indie developer, they don't need to take Intel money just because Intel suddenly feels threatened by some competitiion. This is a practice that needs to stop now.Despite its flaws, I recommend this game to anyone looking for a fun VR multiplayer experience - probably among the best in VR right now due to its cross platform support and large playerbase. It has fun combat, and you will probably play quite a few hours before its lack of depth becomes more apparent."
,Recommended,527100,32156905,Posted: 3 June,all,DocBooyah,"Wow, I don't often/ever write reviews but this game is gorgeous. From the moment you start you feel like you are sitting on the bridge of a starship. So far I have played only as the Captain in solo mode but looking forward to playing all the roles and online with others. A must for any true VR library."
76561198014775321,Recommended,527100,32155599,Posted: 3 June,all,Haledor,"Best VR multiplayer game on the market in my opinion. A little buggy still (4 days after release) but I am sure that will be fixed shortly. The game can become a little bit too easy with too few operations each crew member can do but it is a good start of what I hope will be a long line of updates/similar games.Good #1: Cross platform, playing together with other VR-platforms is great and I hope more games start doing the same.Good #2: Sense of presense is greatGood #3: Multiplayer, this game would be decent as a single player game but making it multiplayer makes it a great game.Good #4: Almost all multiplayer-missions have one or a few laugh-out-loud situationsBad #1: The number of actions/operations of each crew member is a bit limited and would be great with more advanced ""mini-games"" for the different crew members.Bad #2: UPlay friend system does not work ingame very well, maybe that will be fixed in time."
76561198009371606,Recommended,527100,32154904,Posted: 3 June,all,Dash,"Excellent stuff! Full of atmosphere, and does everything it sets out to do with excellence and quality all round. The focus on teamwork cooperation and communication is great, and I've been playing all week with random strangers and everyone has been really getting into their roles and playing well together.Unfortunately, the actual gameplay is prety shallow, and without some new missions and DLC it's already getting boring. WIll be a ghost town in a week or more unless Ubisoft are quick with the DLC. PvP would also extend its life."
,Recommended,527100,32115249,Posted: 1 June,all,Etaxe,"10/10 a great game. I would call it the best VR game for COOP so far. The Single player is not so great but still very good. There is no need to play singleplayer anyways, there are always more than enough players."
,Recommended,527100,32157236,Posted: 3 June,all,[BSB] Rhym3z,"The best ground-up built VR game to date, that rewards teamwork and communication, Recommended for any VR user, not just for star trek fans"
76561197995293832,Recommended,527100,32099161,Posted: 31 May,all,camaro_rs89,"I get to live out my star trek fantasies, minus the orion slave girls tagically..."
76561198320753870,Recommended,527100,32180678,Posted: 4 June,all,Foxster,This Game Is AWESOME! Been waiting ages for a game that really immerses you in a VR enviroment and interact with others. The multiplayer allows you to be part of a team and really feels like you all are in control of the starship. Loads of missions also. Excellent game and well worth the money.
,Recommended,527100,32098015,Posted: 31 May,all,cloudgazer,"tl;dr can recommendconsider that you own a 800€ htc vive, or a 500€ occulus rift or the playstation vr bundle also 500€, then the 50€ for this great game is well spend. it's probably one of the best titles on VR which is more than just a tech demo and an actual enjoyable game which allows you to cross-platform play with everyone, it's hyped and you've got very low waiting queues for every missing.also the community seems pretty nice so far. lots of laughing and being nice atmosphere in the games."
76561198191992514,Recommended,527100,32210334,Posted: 5 June,all,Conanzulu,"Love this game.  Its a lot of fun, challenging, and has a nice social aspect to it."
76561197988258117,Recommended,527100,32171486,Posted: 4 June,all,Meat Cake,First time being the Captain on the Enterprise:Me: Tactical disrupt the shields on the targetTactical:  There was no disrupting in the 60's CaptainMe:  Damn....  Tactical how many torpedeos do we have left?!Tactical:  I'm not really sure CaptainComplete the mission with 11% hull for the win.  Lots of laughs with complete strangers can't be beat.  Two big VR thumbs up.  Only thing missing is a player driven Klingon ship for some PvP goodness.
76561198016725298,Recommended,527100,32259029,Posted: 7 June,all,vladimir,AMAZING!Definitely beginning of something very big in terms of VR gaming.Played 1 match in multiplayer so far as engineer and did't understand almost anything what rest of team was doingbut was friendly given directions and we made it - killed couple other AI ships. Coooool =)
76561197979564900,Recommended,527100,32231348,Posted: 6 June,all,Pixmap,this is the best VR experiance!
,Recommended,527100,32231380,Posted: 6 June,all,wishsong,The menu to select the type of game you want to play is more amazing than most VR Games.-Single player is solid.-Already has multiplayer!-Controls are great.-Graphics are great.-Gameplay is fun!This is a solid foundation for an amazing star trek VR experience. Get it!
,Recommended,527100,32228405,Posted: 6 June,all,neilintheus,"This is not only the first decent AAA VR game, its the start of the first VR franchise.The problem is that it ticks so many boxes and yet lacks so much at the same time. The interaction between players, the atmosphere, the animation of the avatars. All the fundamentals are correct. Its an awesome game, but...1. Where's the feeling of being part of a wider universe. There's a MMO to be had here.2. Firstly though, where's the Klingons. I want to be able to decloak and take another ship by surprise3. No PVP, COOP+PVP at the same time - mind blown4. Where the Enterprise D bridge. Let's be honest, that's what we all want really5.How about Mirror Universe ships. Terran Empire ships would be awesome.6. Add another layer of complexity. This is a good start, but all the positions need an extra layer of detail to become more engrossing.So its an amazing first stab at a game, but its just that, the starting point, here's to a franchise that goes from strength to strength."
76561197980117544,Recommended,527100,32229358,Posted: 6 June,all,Bilrus Wordlaw,This game is ♥♥♥♥♥!
76561197992149348,Recommended,527100,32227444,Posted: 6 June,all,Ki11man,Love the game!! Great VR Great fun!!!
,Recommended,527100,32231209,Posted: 6 June,all,Xodus316,"As a VR game I recommend this. For vr the graphics are great, the gameplay is engaging and fun. As a Star Trek game, I feel like ships are way too dumbed down. You have 1 phaser with a 180 degree arc, 2 torpedo tubes, and 1 shield. Combat is pretty much spam the phaser button and photon torpedo button when they are up.Pros: Graphics, fun, best vr game out right now.Cons: Dumbed down ship combat, not enough content, only 2 ships, photon torpedos don't look like photon torpedos.Overall I still recommend the game for VR, but if you are looking for a tactical starship simulator, this won't be for you."
,Recommended,527100,32247147,Posted: 7 June,all,Skeete.,"A good game, but tought the neck when your used to standing and walking around. There is a lot of looking down.The graphics are incredible. Screen door seems minimised somehow.The game itself is only as good as the people you play with. Have been lucky and unlucky in my pairings. Some people just dont play as a team, but when they do the game comes alive.Can be a little slow at times depending on strategy, and the replayability is somewhat limited due to there only being a small number of missions, but they are tough and you need time to perfect them (if thats even possible).A recommended purchase."
76561197961439297,Recommended,527100,32374271,Posted: 12 June,all,R0g3r M00r3,"Nice game, I played a few hrs but could feel it getting boring after about 5, my OCD being the only thing keeping me going at this point, learning the enterprise will be the next challenge to eek more hours and enjoy feeling like Captain Kirk.Can't really recommend at the price with just this amount of content though unless you are a die hard trekker like myself.Needs more characters and missions, just doesn't feel like a full proper £40 game. more like a skeleton for a future fleshed out game. If it was early access I would recommend, since we would know more content was coming etc, as is, hold off buying for a sale is my advice :)"
,Recommended,527100,32114321,Posted: 1 June,all,havoc627,"The level of immersion and quality of graphic (not to mension sound) make this FEEL exactly like you're on a starship bridge. (altho it's sad that it doesn't have the score/music from the movies)The singleplayer is ok (the AI commands are clunky to give), but the multiplayer is amazing. everyone is generally still very friendly and teaching. but each station gives more than enough to do, and they're different enough to be interesting.I hope they come out with more missions (not that I've played them all) over time, cuase I'd love to keep playing this game for a long time.Also, want enterprise-D bridge too!This is what VR what made for."
,Recommended,527100,32421568,Posted: 14 June,all,zen.krayzie,I don't like that you have to log into UPlay in order to play the game.  I bought it on steam... I don't feel like I should have to log into a DIFFERENT client in order to play.  Other than that... I love the game.  I'd like to see more variety in the ships... maybe even add a new role like science officer or something... but until then... If you need a top of the line engineer.... look me up.  =D
76561197990344154,Recommended,527100,33472339,Posted: 11 July,all,Ithiel,"This. Game. Is. Awesome.Short version: If you were a fan of the show and ever thought, ""Man, I'd love to work on the starship bridge crew!"" then you'll probably enjoy this game. If you're not a Trek fan, and/or you're looking for an intense action game - this is not for you.There are a lot of people talking about lack of content, and even lack of complexity. They're not wrong. There isn't a ton of content for this game, and I'm really hoping Ubisoft keeps developing more for it, even if it's DLC. The complexity could do to be improved, I'd like there to be a more tactical aspect to the game.However, as I said, I still find this game *incredibly* fun to play. I'm okay with the idea that I might only get 8-10 hours of play before it becomes too repitive to enjoy further. Why? Because this game absolutely feels like you're in the TV show (well, Star Trek: Next Generation anyways). The different positions are a lot of fun to play, the coordination and communication aspect makes it really enjoyable, and it's nice to have a good, immersive VR experience that has you sitting down.Your mileage with online randoms may vary. I play exclusively with friends and we have a total blast."
76561198004025725,Recommended,527100,33601111,Posted: 16 July,all,mars_elliot,"Just writing this to get something out there. I bought this game today and have not been able to put it down, save for now as I have to go to bed, so I wanted to get another positive word out before I forget about it. I am not what I would consider a ""Trekkie"". I enjoyed the show and thought it would be cool to be on a ship/set, but couldn't recap any particular episode. I bought this on a whim for something to play on my new Oculus and, wow, it is so much cooler than I had ever imagined. If you enjoy co-op gameplay and like the idea of being on a starship, get this game. I have a hard time imaging you'll be disappointed. Don't believe the hate."
,Recommended,527100,33606562,Posted: 17 July,all,bodi,My♥♥♥♥♥♥pc can't run vr but it's a pretty cool game. Finally a character in my fav movie series :D
,Recommended,527100,33547627,Posted: 14 July,all,Nobody(NLOG Owner),"Beautifully Crafted, Incredably accurate, and FUN! If this isn't a great game to you, you obuisly don't own it. This is not Terrible...IT IS 100% GREAT!"
76561197964980690,Recommended,527100,33640043,Posted: 18 July,all,TasteTheRambo,I had so much fun with this game. It's a bit expensive thou.
76561198133609396,Recommended,527100,33165676,Posted: 2 July,all,Striker,Hands down the best and most enticing game I have ever played although I may be a bit bias since I live and breath Star Trek but the fact that you can play in the original enterprise. I'm speechless. If you have a VR headset and you have ever even heard of Star Trek get this game.
76561198138532020,Recommended,527100,34342189,Posted: 18 August,all,Thales,Very immersive!
76561198015890798,Recommended,527100,34627676,Posted: 30 August,all,mpeet,"This game is something different for VR.I like that it is seated, yet still fairly active in the VR environment.The other big plus is the voice recognition so you can speak your commands as captain in the solo mode! Well done."
,Recommended,527100,34634102,Posted: 31 August,all,Twiejk,"Here a small impression:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WVFXAbfcuD4&t=1sSo these kind of games make for a very good time.I tend to just talk to the members and have a little fun doing the missions.If you take it very serious, and play with people who do too. you are going to have fun.If you dont take it serious at all but wanna just complete the missions anyway? you will have fun.You are somewhere in between and dont want to play the game but just mess around with the ship and people?  you are not going to have fun, because the chance your entire crew will feel the same is small."
76561198383386481,Recommended,527100,34770127,Posted: 5 September,all,VoxFly,"I grew up in the 70's & when I played Star Trek, I played Kirk like an actor, lol. Now that I am professional Actor for real, this is fun to play! But...the Classic Bridge is so inaccurate. The background lighted panels are not very authentic in the way they look or blink. So easy to duplicate, why did they alter what millions have seen thousands of times? Maybe they had orders to follow. And hey… where’s the Enterprise-A Movie Ship/Bridge? I want to see that?  One odd thing about this game is looking down at your legs and feeling paralyzed, hehehe. The AI helmsman is horrible getting to a target if a structure is in the way. It doesn’t calculate how to get around it and just sits there or bangs into it until the ship is free. By then your mission has likely ended because you couldn’t get there in time. Also funny is that they didn’t clean up the original tape noise from the torpedo launch SFX, lol, ugh! Still a fun experience. I love the exterior views!"
,Recommended,527100,34783414,Posted: 6 September,all,Cronusmag,"Excellent game that allows a truly social vr eexperience. Most playeers are just here to have fun and make the game a truly worthwhile experience. I would recommend this gamee to all trekkies and to peeople looking for a social game as single player is boring and mostly pain with little reward. Many people in discusssion groups are complaining about DLC but the game is only 3 months oldd and ubisoft has not stated whether or not there will be dlc yet, although the social aspect of the game makes up for that for me so far."
76561198373092975,Recommended,527100,34856468,Posted: 10 September,all,steve,"being waiting for sale price ,so at half price got it ,still doing the single play learning bits but my son has bought it aswellSo will be playing multi soon ,really good game love it"
,Recommended,527100,34968473,Posted: 15 September,all,heiko.fischer,Amazing!!!
76561198104752849,Recommended,527100,35181827,Posted: 24 September,all,FaTe Razz,"Great designed game, could use more content but still fun to plat with friends"
76561197990373945,Recommended,527100,35253162,Posted: 27 September,all,DeathFromAbove,Great game - when the mic works. I have spent over an hour trying to get my mic to work - no luck. Will try again later. Yes I did set all the settings in both windows and steam to the vive mic. I am not sure who is the culprit windows/steam or the game itself.  Patch it if possible please - takes a lot of fun out when your going back and forth trying to get your mic to respond.
76561197982692603,Recommended,527100,34987684,Posted: 15 September,all,someoneelse,"I personally love this game, and yet I never play it. Why? Well, because it needs multiple players to be at its best - and frankly, I just don't know enough people with VR to play it regularly.Of course, I can play with randoms, but... yeah, no thanks (at least in general). VR needs to reach a critical mass for stuff like this to really work, and yet how can it when stuff like this doesn't get played even by owners of the tech like me?I increasingly think perhaps the current VR tech came out too soon. This is not Star Trek: Bridge Crew's fault, or Ubisoft's either. It's just a terrible catch-22 that we're curently in with this area of the games industry.All that said, if you do get a good group of people to play it, it's great - in spite of some techincal limitations, it's the most polished thing I've played with other people on VR. And it's frikkin' Star Trek!You might however want to - sigh - get it on sale. Sad but true."
,Recommended,527100,34988929,Posted: 15 September,all,LukeTyWalker,"I have only played for an hour or two but I have had a lot of fun so far.This game is great.I am glad I bought it.Next time I play, I will take on the online, multiplayer portion I think."
76561198316033912,Recommended,527100,35036531,Posted: 17 September,all,DrowCMA,"This game is awesome.  I have played both the offline campaign story and have played multiple missions online with players around the world.  The VR makes you feel like you are really on the bridge, with seamless audio and mic capabilities with other players, along with Watson for realistic voice commands to AI characters.  The game allows you to play as one of four positions that you can change with each mission in multiplayer, or you can swap spots with any AI player, even in solo player mode.  One of my favorite games!My only real disappointment with the game is the solo campaign mode only has 5 missions, plus a training mission and a Kobayashi Maru reenactment.  There are other ongoing missions with generic goals.  You can also opt to play on the bridge of the original Enterprise while playing the generic ongoing missions.  As the controls are different and are made to replicate the look of the original Enterprise, the original Enterprise missions are a bit more challenigng.  Overall, a very enjoyable game and the BEST VR game I have played to date."
