user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,527280,29760753,Posted: 7 February,all,Crazy Gudako,"Kinda have a vague idea about Nights of Azure, but hesistant to trust KoeiTecmo's ports?  Then read this review!  The short of it is, KoeiTecmo did a solidly ""B--"" job with transfering over the game to PC.  It's completely playable and bugs seem to be at a minimum, it is also the PS4 version of the game.Common problems and soluttions (More indepth instructions in my guide)1: Some odd behavior with FPS and picking up items. Fix is to set monitor's refresh rate to 60.2: There are some reports of crashing with un-updated Win 7 x64 systems.  I didn't have that issue and can't verify it personally, but just something to keep in mind.  If you have this issue, try making sure  the KB2670838 x64 update is installed.  Some people opted  out of the update due to glitches with DX10 games on its first release. That's been resolved.3: Steam Cloud support added several hours after launch!  Make sure it's set to update for you.4: Be aware there are NO English voice-acting.  There was a mistake on the storepage since Atlier does have it. This should be fixed soon, but just a headsup to the folks who need it.5: For people who missed it: Rebind your controller in the launcher! (under settings). Just click on the box next to the icon and then hit the correct button on your controller and you're golden. Do this before changing resolution w/ regedit )6: Update:  Issues of high CPU usage and hyperthreading issues seem to have been addressed with  a patch.The bad:*The Launcher is very 2001ish, but is fully functional.*Start by rebinding your controller in the launcher. Even though it uses the Xbox 360 control scheme/button prompts, it doesn't default to the correct buttons for the 360 pad.  (On the upside, it works with basically every gamepad)*Very few options to adjust graphics (Anti-aliasing and a few pre-selected resolutions)*1080p resolution cap by /default/ through the launcher.*Some jaggies on hair even with maxed AA, but generally minor.   Her hair also bounces oddly sometimes when running.*Not much prettier than the PS4 version, no extra content outside of bundled in DLC*Cutscenes and character dialogue seem to play out with a weird filter/fuzziness, they don't look as great as the active gameplay does. (This turns out to be due to depth of field with larger resolutions.  Disable Depth of Field with resolutions above 1080p)*The FPS is not hard locked to 60fps (and can run fine at 144hz), but having it higher seems to affect how the character picks up items.  If you have an issue here, either lower your monitor's refresh rate to 60 (forcing your card to output at 60), or pause and unpause.*There are no English dubs for those wanting them. Atlier is the only game in the pack with dual audio and it seems KoeiTecmo made a mistake there.The good:*Steam Cloud support added!*The game runs really well. It's not taxing at all for a current gen system.*No gamebreaking bugs so far.*It looks a little better than the PS4 version if you up the antialiasing and depth of field to max.  This is the best way to play Nights of Azure.*The 1080p resolution cap is easily fixable!  Open up regedit, find koeitecmo, and under that, Nights of Azure, then settings.  Third option under that folder will be 'device' and have a string of numbers seperated by commas.  Substitute out the first two with your resolution of choice (1920,1080,60,87 becomes, in my case, 2560,1440,60,87).  That's all you need to do for a custom resolution. No extra tools needed.*Can set higher than desktop resolution for super-sampling.If you've been wanting to try Nights of Azure, this is definitely the best way to do it, even if the setup is a little awkward.  If you're also interested in the double pack then you can get it without hesistation since Atelier Sophie honestly got a lot better of a port.Mini-review for the game itself:This game feels like a spiritual successor to Chaos Legion.  It combines relatively simplistic hack and slash controls with monster summoning and customization.  And while the game's main focus is relatively simplistic (hack n slash through progressively stronger enemies while finding more monsters), there's some side stuff and plenty of story content to break up the gameplay.   The pacing and presentation are fantastic, as is the story, assuming you can look past some unnecessary fanservice.This game is certainly not for everyone, but if you like hack and slash and a very 'anime-y' plot, you'll enjoy this."
,Recommended,527280,29850265,Posted: 11 February,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"ProsGorgeous art designgreat soundtrack,wonderful relationship between the two main charactersCollecting, commanding and upgrading Servans is a fun endeavorThere’s so much to do even after you’ve completed the main story3Normal Endings and 1 true ending+bonus ending(5total endings depends on the choice of your dialog)ConsThe melee combat grows a bit repetitivethe visuals themselves don’t look that impressive for a PS4 title,the art is great thoughController mapping have been messy from the start of the game(luckily there is a comunity patch to fix this)Quest are boring and you do the same thing all over again.NoteI've play this game on ps4 before since it was released in 2015 japanese version.I've also brought and play the english version last year from Play-Asia.This is the 4rd time i own the game with the PS vita Version as well.My ConclusionNights of Azure ends up as a game that promises a lot but fails to truly deliver on anything effectively. There's plenty to enjoy when you first start off, such as the monster collecting and the combat, but after a few hours these aspects start to wear thin. While the repetitiveness of the whole game left me feeling a little blue, I found solace in the central character's relationship and the music. Die-hard Gust fans might find something of note to praise, there's not much memorable about Nights of Azure, and that truly is a shame.My Verdict for this game is 3/5.While it starts off fun, Nights of Azure gets boring very quickly and never seems to fully utilize its array of other features.But for the price i get from Malaysia Steam store i pay about RM89 which is about $20USD-ish for the bundle(Night Of Azure+Atelier Sophie).i never regret my decission on picking up this game although the game is mediocore at it best if you like Yuri.1USD=RM4.45Malaysia ringgit change it's value everyday.and i am glad i get to buy it cheap,although i've recently transfer hereWhat Game I hope they could bring to pc from GustAll atelier seriesAll Of Ar no Surge SeriesAnd Night Of Azure 2: Bride of the New Moon"
76561198057582951,Recommended,527280,29792945,Posted: 8 February,all,Ghost (LEAD),"Updated Review:I've waited from 2015 just to play this because I don't have the money to buy a ps4 console and the Vita version was a mess. Now the wait is over and all I can say is the game is worth the wait and the price is so cheap compared to the vita and ps4 version.Pros:- Beautiful Artbook (I have a digital copy of it fortunately :) )- Running at 60 FPS even I override the Anti-Aliasing up to 8x + 1080p resolution on my smart TV :D :D- Map Controlling is ok ( I don't have a problem with this because my controller can be switched to D-Pad and X-Pad)- Hair and BOOB PHYSICS!!! HOORAH!!- If you are in a hack and slash game with an element of JRPG I would recommend this- Yuri!!!- The Original Soundtrack catched my ears specially the violins and piano parts.- Very Good voice acting (For me, It doesn't matter if there is no english voice. The japanese voice is good enough)- The price is so cheap compared to the vita and ps4 version. (well It is reasonable why the game in the console version is pricey because of the cart and Blu-ray disc)- EVEN A CELERON LAPTOP can RUN THE GAME WOOH!! nice optimization Gust :) :)- Can copy the save file from the Main folder without any problem. If I want to play it on my laptop with my current save from my desktop, I'll just copy it and paste. :D :DCons:- The story is not that catchy. but it will do. :)"
,Recommended,527280,29778653,Posted: 8 February,all,"I'm Nuclear, I'm Wild","I never thought I'd see a KT port that works on launch day, but here it is.The Good:- It's an above average action game. It works quite similar to Dante May Cry (maybe?), but not to such a crazy extreme.- The atmosphere of the game is quite comfy, like an Atelier game, with which it shares company.- The Servans (your CPU-controlled teammates) are cute.- The soundtrack is great, as it shares composers with the Ar Tonelico series.- And for those of you who like it, it's as yuri as a game can be without earning Adult-Only rating. :DThe Bad:- It can be quite taxing to some computers. It never matter to me personally, but it does to some people.- It appears that the developer can be quite obtuse.Be sure to check the Readme to save you a lot of confusion."
76561198160868511,Recommended,527280,32567056,Posted: 19 June,all,Strayed Lynx,"A traditional JRPG with an engaging real time hack and slash battle system,elegant character design,a great OST and impressive longevity,also the Steam version comes packed with the game's DLC already included."
,Recommended,527280,33259085,Posted: 4 July,all,Instinct22,"Full disclosure, I love Yuri. One lookt hrough my steam library will tell you that mutch. I recommend this game for any lover of yuri out there. Especially for those like me that are sick and ♥♥♥♥ing tired of sub text. There aint no sub text here. Our two main characters love each other. That's all there is to it.Personally, I'm happy we have a game that's not a visual novel that focuses on yuri. As much as I love Yuri, I've longed for a yuri focused game that's actually...a game. There's gameplay here, even if it's not  the best, it's still gameplay. Anywho, i'll write an in depth review based on my experience with the game, yuri in general, and other games with similar gameplay.GameplayGameplay in Nights of Azure takes the form of a third person hack-n-slash. You control Arnice, and use her arenseal of weapons, servens (more on this later), and overal combat prowess to mow down many demons. In terms of controlling Arnice, it feels like Dynasty Warriors trying to mimic Devil May Cary. This doesn't exactly turn out the best, but it's forgiveable, as i've certainly played games like this with a lot worse controls and mechanics.As mentioned, you also have Servens. These are basically summonable creatures that help you in battle. They can do many different things, from helping you attack, healing, defending, buffing, debuffing, and finding items. You summon Servens using SP, which is used for Arnice's special attacks. It's kinda like pokemon in the sense that you can find fetishes for different Servens, which allow you to summon and collect all of them. Generally though, you'll find your core party and stick with them trhough most of the game.We also have RPG mechanics in the game. Enemies drop blood when you kill them, which is used to lvel up in a ridiculously skimpy mannor. (I'll touch on this later in the review.) Leveling up gives you access to new weapons and skills. Sevens level up as well at the end of every mission out as well. You use skill points to aqquire skills, which cpme from daytime activities. All missions take place during the night, and at the end of every mission, you ahve day time activities. You don't interract with these in any way, but they're neccessary to gain skills.Overall, gameplay is solid, but not pretty. Like a jagged rock. Gameplay is good, but it's not exactly groundbreaking or new in any department. I probably would hav eliked this more if it did play exactly like DMC and used servens as combo assits rather then summons.StoryThe story is...meh. It's not new, but it's not boring. By far the best thing about this game is the genuine love shared between Arnice and the Saint she ahs to guard, Lillysee. As i mentioned above, there is no subtext, no beating around the bush, no acting like it's not normal to like the same gender. They love each other, and there's no doubt in anyone's midn that's played the game. Anyone who say's it's just subtext has never played the game past the three hour mark.Male chracters are in the game as well, but they play a purely supllemental role and can be ignored with ease.Art DesignI'm gonna come right out and say it, I hate the charcter design. Especially for Arnice and Lilysee. Let me be clear that i'm not against breasts, and that artists shoudl create what theyw ant to create; but chracter design just simply doesn't mesh with the serious story their trying to tell. It's so...for lack of a better word, weird to see a badass character like Arnice cutting down swaths of demons and looking like Dante doing it, tehn going to level up and seeing her wearing lingerie. The justification is MGS V levels of pathetic. ""She breathes through her skin"" and ""When offering blood, you want to wear as least as possible"" both sound like artists trying to justify putting♥♥♥♥♥♥in their game for the 13 year old boys, which is, from what i can tell, NOt the target audience for this game. It's meant for mature adults formw hat I can tell.Developers, if you want♥♥♥♥♥♥in your game, just say it. Don't offer a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ justification for it. I'll respect it more that way.Music]Music is AMAZING. Whoever worked on the OST deserves a helluva lot of recognition. The music here invoked memories of castlevania, with symphonic rock taking the place of most of the fights, or just plain classical in certain places that go amazingly with the settings. And I know I harped on the elveling up before for it's uneccesary skimpiness, but that place has one of the best tracks in the game. When you ge tthere, just sit and listen for awhile. It's so damn calming and soothing and overal fantastic.Music gets a definitive A+. Link to full soundtrack for anyone interested in listening to it out of game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6FdNX6XYlWwClosing RemarksNights of Azure is a very...polarizing game, as any who browse these reviews will see. A lot of people really hate this game for the general simplicity of it's combat, or for not understanding the story or for it being too easy. Others really love it simply for the Yuri. While I liek the game personally on most levels (♥♥♥♥ you chracter Design). The Yuri here is, ultiamtely, teh deciding factor for me. It's just so damn refreshing to have a game come out of Japan witha  hard Yuri focus rather then subtext. I can defiantely see why many don't like this game, and I did try my best to give an unbiased review, but in the end, Yuri is the real reason anyone would get this game (and the phenominal OST of course). I definately suggest giving it a try if you're on the fence, or love Yuri.With the news that the game is ahving it's sequal coming in october to America, I hope that the devs take the criticisim their game has recieved to heart and improves upon it. Nights of Azure 2 is due october 24th and will definately be a must buy for me. I'll likely be one of the first to buy it."
76561198073088368,Recommended,527280,29914940,Posted: 13 February,all,The Silent One,"I beat this game a few minutes ago and this is what I have to say about itPros- The music in this game is awesome to listen to- The art in this game is awesome- The storyline of this game (even though it's somewhat confusing) is fun to play through- The game has multiple endings (even though I just got one of them)Cons- The post-game bosses are EXTREMEly tough to get through- The volume level (it's strange how the game's volume is soft until you get to the credits...then the volume of this game blasts up alot)I had a lot of fun playing through this game and getting one ending, maybe sometime in the future I'll try again with the post quests but for right now I'm done with this game."
,Recommended,527280,29763959,Posted: 7 February,all,seph.au,"Surprisingly decent port from Koei. Quick First Impressions.+ Looks beautiful! Runs at 1080/60fps, can edit registry to enable 4k++ High refresh rate monitors work but there are some issues with item pickups.+ Would recommend use of a gamepad which needed a configure before launching.+ Noticed people complain about no english voices, afaik it never had a dub. Jap + Subs!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESFhPVNwffQUnfamiliar with the game though visually and performance wise I've got no complaints with the port. Atelier is more crafting (think recettear) while Nights of Azure is Action/RPG (if you can only buy one)"
,Recommended,527280,30905829,Posted: 2 April,all,Purrmaid,"I was having problems recommending this game, but because the game itself is wellmade and I didn't encounter any bugs or imbalanced gameplay. I'll give it an upvote.It's a decent enough game, featuring a not-so-original lesbian love story about love, loss, and sacrifize.  I liked that it was a lesbian story, because the game features a lot of nudity. It's obviously made with hormonefilled teenagers in mind, and while the game did have male characters (who were ridiculous might I add), the female characters never even looked twice at them.There are four different weapons to choose between, one who is range and three who are melee. The combat is a sleek combo based thing that wasn't difficult to learn. I played with a controller and X, Y and B were attacks. XXX would give a different combo attack than simply XX. and there were combos like XXXY and so forth. Sometimes I did combos I didn't even know how to recreate.The pet-system is what I enjoyed the most of the game. You had these demon-fetishes you could collect and make them serve you. You could have up to four of them active at a time (You'd get one deck that fit four pets, and then multiple decks you could switch between ingame.)The game difficulty in itself is way to easy for me, I never ran out of money which didn't sit right when there was abilities to make trade cheaper (which, I never, ever, needed).Outside of the last boss, every single bossfight was easy. There were times I died, even on regular mobs, but it wasn't because of difficulty as it was me zoning out and not paying any attention to the game.To sum up my feelings:+ Great breast animations- Horrible facial animations+/- Okay story- Horrible cringeworthy rivalry between two sidecharacters+ Lesbian Love story, and thats not easy to find.- Game a little too easy+ Enjoyable combat, which was very smooth.-- It's a decent port, from other ports I've seen on steam this is better than most. BUT! There is no quit button. I can't find it. I can exit to the initial menu screen but will have to ctrl+alt+dlt to close the game. A little petpeeve but nothing gamebreaking.I wouldn't recommend this game to a friend.But I'd recommend it to an otaku. As an anime-game, in the genre of anime games this would probably be a gem. But the interaction between characters made me cringe and the only reason I actually finished it is because it was a game that didn't require sound to enjoy, which meant I could happily multitask the game while watching TV."
76561198037475281,Recommended,527280,29932764,Posted: 14 February,all,telamon,"I've been wanting to play this game for a while now, but I don't have a PS4/Vita to play it on so I wasn't even waiting for this to get to PC, but would you look at how things work out and it did indeed get ported.Anyway, just finished with the last Achievement (The Land Without Night) and I would say the game is worth it to me. Here's a little more detailed.Pros- Probably one of my favorite soundtracks in a game. There wasn't a track I didn't like and there is generally quite a few I don't like in games (Ori and the Blind Forest is one of the very few exceptions as well)- While the setting is not very original, they made their own take on it with a female protagonist and another female support character and made it (more or less) their love story. The plot is pretty much an anime though it's in game form- The character designs fit with the characters and the Servans also make sense gameplay-wise (it would've been very odd if they didn't)- Dynasty Warriors-like combat mechanics. In the sense that it's of the X, X, X and X, X, Y style combos. There is a slight downside but I'll get to it in the cons, though not as big of a downside as it could've been.- Quite a few hidden extra scenes between Arnice and the cast amidst various chapters if you just go and explore through previous explored zones. (Like Lilysse get laundry detergent for Arnice's clothes, encountering the Professor 'researching' various fiends or coming across Lloyd and see what money-making scheme he's thought of)- Absolutely no problem with framerate and after they patched the CPU usage problem it's running like a charm.Cons- No Exit Game button. Didn't think I'd ever say that about a game.- The combat as I said is a plus, but in this game it's a little dumbed down and you can't get aerial combos or if there are, I'm not doing it right. In DW when you level up, you get additional combos for your weapons, in this game there's no new combos. When you get the weapon, that's all the combos you'll get. Now that's slightly subverted by having a skill that lets you freely change between weapons when you're attacking, so It's not as big a deal as I'm probably making it out to be.- Limited animations for expressing themselves and also immobile hair that's very visible in various scenes. There's also no walk animation for Arnice when outside of the hotel or the altar which could've been easily added or taken from said places and just altered it for the different weapons.- The shadow quality in cutscenes and when there's dialogue between the characters is noticeably bad. I don't know why that is, since there's no problem with it during gameplay.- Wouldn't really say it's a con, but it's a shame there's no real NG+. Going through the story again with all upgrades and having enemies that are 3-4 levels above you even if you can't level again, it would just need to drop slightly better items.I may have missed a few things, but overall I really loved the game, and if I had a PS4/Vita and already played it, I would've still bought it for PC.Here's hoping that the sequel also gets ported."
,Recommended,527280,29819059,Posted: 10 February,all,Hackvize,"The game work great after tinkering with some community patch to resolve high cpu usage (KoeiTecmo already fix this problem), and you need to config the controller in the launcher setting despite the controller support you still need to set it first"
,Not Recommended,527280,34579550,Posted: 29 August,all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"An ARPG centered around a lesbian romance?Nights of Azurehad my name written all over it.This was one of the first games that attracted me to the PlayStation 4, a console that still eludes me to this day -- HDMI only in a mostly analog home leaves me with few options, none of which come at a reasonable price.But I digress; my interest in this game came and went, forgotten for months... until the PC port came to be.How *is* the port exactly?Well, it works... to some extent. Full-screen is wonky; expect some alt-tabbing to get it right. The built-in MSAA doesn't work at all, either, nor does forcing it at a driver level. Nvidia DSR is a no-go considering max resolution (without a registry edit that breaks the DoF effects) caps at 1920x1080. Driver level FXAA and forced 16x anisotropic do help, however.In short: it could be worse, excusable wereNights of Azurea diamond in the rough.Unfortunately it is not. Terrible? No. Mediocre? Very, lush music and atmosphere wasted on significantly missed potential.As someone that writes love stories for a living, the overarching narrative is... bland, pacing and structure questionable at best. Cutscenes pointlessly interrupt with no real rhyme or reason beyond pitiful fluff. Even the averageFinal Fantasygame isn't this bad about it.Beyond Arnice -- the player character -- there's little of interest in the cast, her relative complexity lost, wasted on a world full of cardboard cutout stereotypes. That's not to say tropes are bad by nature; it's all in execution, and that's whereNights of Azurefails. What a conflicted bad♥♥♥♥♥like Arnice sees in a naive, accident-prone child like Lilysse? I have no idea. Someone at Gust desperately needs a lesson in character chemistry.Visually the game looks fine courtesy to some excellent art design. Arnice looks wonderful, as do the adorable monster designs and surrounding scenery. Technically impressive? Hardly, but for a low budget project, there's nothing here to legitimately complain about.The unnecessary focus on certain... assets of Arnice and Lilysse are another story. For something likeSenran Kagurathat embraces the absurdity in supremely self-aware parody, it works, butNights of Azure's more serious tone? Just no; another victim of teenage boy mindset nonsense.The gameplay itself is a mixed bag of good ideas and poor execution. The Servan system is interesting, but done better in other, older games (Folkloreon PlayStation 3 comes to mind). Combat from Arnice's perspective lacks weight, impact; I'd question if I was even hitting anything were it not for the chain meter, more so considering the lack of target focus on her moveset.Both Arnice and her Servans can be equipped with non-visible accessories to boost varying stats/add bonus effects. The difference, however, is unfortunately negligible in practice, futile. I'd gladly trade it in exchange for some much-needed visual customization.How to squander potential -- that's the lesson we can learn fromNights of Azure. A sequel that improves upon all of the above flaws, though? I'd give it a go."
,Recommended,527280,29766903,Posted: 7 February,all,Freya Silverlake,"I think Win7 x64 users may have experience of game crashed. The solution is to update Windows6.1-KB2670838-x64.So far this game is good. Story is interesting. Graphic is great. Also, gameplay is good too."
76561198023012671,Recommended,527280,29837148,Posted: 10 February,all,chris cappuchan,"Fun JRPG, my only complain is that it was a pain to configure the 360 controller (if you are having trouble use this pagehttp://joytokey.net/en/posts/button-mapping-for-xbox360-controller/)"
,Recommended,527280,31646886,Posted: 9 May,all,NO1RE,"Pros:- Cute Yuri-ish (as in genre) relationship- Classic JRPG gameplay but with hack n' slash combat- Proper gameplay difficulty- Good summoning and servan system- MMO like RDR system- Good character design- Multiple endings storyCons:- Medicore story- Outdated Graphics- Very limited graphical customisation- Sketchy cutscene animation- Combat feels impactless- World feels really empty- No character customisation (as in outfit, accessories, etc.)I was surprised when I played the game. A PS4 game with a PS3 like graphics? What's the deal? Later I found out that this game also available in Vita so that might be the case. If I am to compare an equivalent of this game, I would say Persona 4 but with better 3D models. To be honest, I was interested in both Yuri and gameplay of this game although the gameplay disappointed me the most but nonetheless, I stayed for the Yuri. As for the difficulty, I would say it's pretty challenging as you'll be facing a hard time defeating the boss without grinding. Overall, if you're into a lovey-dovey relationship between girls then go for it, but if you're expecting a quality on par with Neptunia series then you're out of luck."
76561198043435848,Recommended,527280,29777989,Posted: 8 February,all,yamfun,"The game actually kind of run smoothly on my old PC (AMD Phenom II X4 955 from 2009, Geforce 650Ti).I also have a really cheap usb game controller that worked without hassle.So I am kind of satisfied about the port, hope they continue to bring GUST games on PC."
,Recommended,527280,33960868,Posted: 1 August,all,Roscoe,"Overall, I'm pretty content with what the game offered, however, it has its problems.After a while, combos get extremely boring, especially with the Hammer, and especially when you're not dishing out a lot of damage to finish off enemies. You can unlock a skill that lets you continue your combos by quickly switching to a different weapon, but it requires you to use the D-Pad for that and I often found myself forgetting that I could do it.The game's not really a grind until you hit levels 7-11, as your main method of leveling up is almost like Dark Souls: using blood you've collective through your battles and visiting an Alter. You don't find the best Servan (imo) until, literally, the final room before the final boss of the main storyline and you have to buy him and he costs a hefty amount of Blood. Luckly, the place where you do buy him is the best place to farm Blood. It got really grindy after that, since I had to level him up to 11 from 1.There are side quests, but there aren't any achievements related to them nor do you get any specific items that'll help you in battle once you've completed them. There is a quest that gives you a pretty sweet sword, but it wasn't until right before the final boss that I realized that the quest was available. Not sure if I wouldn't call it a side quest, though, as I was stuck on level 8 for so long and it wasn't until I did this quest that allowed me to level up again, despite having the appropriate amount of Blood.Story-wise: It wasn't really memorable. Some funny moments in there, but ultimately, I fell out over trying to keep up with it. I just wanted to fight bosses, to be honest. There is some stuff to do after you beat the main storyline, however, I haven't finished the extra stuff yet.It has a wonderful soundtrack, though. Sometimes I would start up the game and just sit in the lobby of the hotel and listen to the music, same with cutscenes - just let the music play without advancing.It's a ""sit back and chill"" sort of game. Nothing really stressfull about it. I never really died until I equipped an item that pretty much made me one shot. It was for an achievement, though. And I also died when I first encounted the final boss, as I was stuck on level 8, as I mentioned, so I was most likely underleveled.I recommend you pick it up when it's on sale. 7.4 / 10"
,Recommended,527280,33047064,Posted: 30 June,all,Terravir,"Not exactly a great port. You have to figure out your control scheme before you play, doesn't look very good even for a PS4 title. Feels like it was made as a budget game with a lot of reuse of the same assets. Also i think the only way to close the game is to hit the X at the top right. Seriously i couldn't find a Quit to Desktop anywhere.Still the game has some good qualities. The music is great, the combat is enjoyable, it has quite some content to it and the story was interesting and i quite enjoyed it actually. Had me see it through to the end.I'm not sure what to make of the ""atmosphere"" of the game. Initially it felt like it was going for a dark theme, then it felt like a bit of surrealism, but at the same time enemies are mostly kinda cutesy. Maybe they thought that having us fight faeries, fey and childerens toys was some horror shorthand.At any rate, if you can pick this up at a lovely discount (or the bundle with the fantastic Atelier Sophie) it is well worth 20 hours of fun. Once you get through the initial hurdle of it being a shoddy port, the game itself plays and runs pretty well."
76561198153140685,Recommended,527280,29781407,Posted: 8 February,all,Your waifu is shit desu,what's better than a jiggle physics?Two Jiggle Physics.And Lesbians as bonus.
,Recommended,527280,33241254,Posted: 4 July,all,Zeabolos,I like yuri.
,Recommended,527280,29939977,Posted: 15 February,all,Noc_vt,"Yoru no Nai Kuni is like Chaos Legion, but good.Visuals are pretty. OST is great.Story is fine, if a bit confusing at times.Gameplay sometimes gets a bit stale and amount of not particularly useful item drops is overwhelming (sorting through them gets tiring pretty fast).Bosses are not that challenging (except Mistral and last arena boss), but are fun still (partly thanks to the great boss theme bgm).Characters are cute, especially Chris. Buy this game for Chris."
,Recommended,527280,35270835,Posted: 28 September,all,Hazama The Troll Edge,"Great game with many servants you can summon like Fate/Extra but they're more smart. I brought this one when I've seen the big boobs of the heroine girl's friend.The battle system is pretty cool and you'll never get tired of it. Actually it has a pretty solid background and good story, you have many quests as well, like giving cupcake to your dead grandma."
,Recommended,527280,33275255,Posted: 5 July,all,RAZERKhas,"This is a great game, max res is 1080p but the characters, story, gameplay and soundtrack are pretty nice.Definitely recommended!*p.s. Adding trading cards would be awesome."
,Recommended,527280,33249969,Posted: 4 July,all,Kowai,"TLDR;This game may be lacking in a lot of areas, the animation in the cutscenes arn't really anything to boost about and the story isn't too satisfying. But even with a lot of shortcomings, the game is really fun to play and managing to keep me interested enough to try for 100% completion, at least so far. Plus the voice acting and music is really nice.---The game has different endings and a lot of bosses. The system for how the damage works is really a mess. If you are underleveled and undergeared, the bosses are so damn hard it feels like im playing ninja guiden on highest difficulty. Managed to beat all normal bosses except for the last one before realizing this, most bosses had even a special ability to almost one shot me, and then minions to kill me, a lot of tries had to be made to beat certain bosses. It was damn satisfying, i love it when bosses are on the border to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. But after leveling up or getting a certain piece of gear, the (normal) bosses got really easy. The non-bosses enemies were a bit too easy until the very end regardless of level and gear.There is a lot of small mechanics in the game, like demon different kinds of demon transform(depends on your minions/servans), equips, arena, trade, map based activities, quests, activities to level up things like extended demon time etc. I really liked this as it is one step away from ""unlocking everything as you level up"".Last part is the minion system (called servan), where you can have 4 in total spawnable servans with different abilities. The abilities are unique per servan. It brings a bit more strategy to the game, as you control how they behave too. (As well as servans and equips are the only way to get HP, i found myself getting rekt as soon as my healing servan died)All in all, 6/10. The game is interesting and fun to play but quite lacking."
,Recommended,527280,29794277,Posted: 8 February,all,saut@μ’sic Forever,"Short review gonna edit it later, I am especially making this review because there are bad reviews about this game.I po ed this game blindly by trusting my friends review about this game on ps4. And boy I am not dissapointed the charaters of this game is lovely and wonderfull. The yuri vibe they gave is great, their interaction is lovely and the story gave a very dark vibe with sacriface and♥♥♥♥♥♥and I love it alot but probably going to kill the dev if I saw my ship sinking.The gameplay is also great and lovely, you basically play a hack and slash game with your minnions and there is some rpg element here and there but it is a great game.There is some cons to this game though, you can't remap the key binding in keyboard but you can in controller. So basically if you don't have a controller you are screwed but who in this day and age who doesn't have a controller am I right guys? KeksThe game is ported badly too even though I have full 60 fps sometimes it drop to 30 even though just for a mili sec and the proccesor usage is 80% just for this game alone. Good luck if you want to stream playing this game. Other than that it would be okay.tl dr 9/10 game would buy it again"
,Recommended,527280,29882837,Posted: 12 February,all,Arnice,"I am still on chapter 2 of this game so i will not give a detailed review of the game as of yet, but so far i have not had any technical issue, i think everything there is pretty fine.the storytelling of this game is fantastic as far as i have gone, i have seen a lot of games and their storyboards, but they were just half♥♥♥♥♥compared to this, not only do you listen to the characters, you can almost feel like they have a soul, and that takes some real skills to do.  the art is beautiful and so is the sound track.  There is just so much you can do in the game that i have taken the liberty to do all that and not advance the story like most people do, i suggest you also appreciate the scenery, my drives almost filled with pictures!!.I wish to give a detailed review of this game later on, i dont play a lot of games of koei, but i think i have became a fan because of this game."
,Recommended,527280,30176578,Posted: 25 February,all,N0sSyndrome,"Nights of Azure is a PS4/PSVita port to Steam. I had a pretty good time with this game, even though it does have a few flaws. If you're looking for a short Hack and Slash to add to your steam library, I would definitely recommend it.For a full review of it, check me out here:https://youtu.be/mwOcTyQWnl8"
76561198030250504,Recommended,527280,34157514,Posted: 10 August,all,Heatgold,"I played this game on the ps4 and I am very close to plat it, but doing 300 quests is proving too tedious. I bought it here because it was bundled with Atelier Sophie, to support Gust's games on PC and because the anti-aliasing in the ps4 version, in the habit of jrpgs there is $hit.This  project, which is an action rpg though, which is a fresh take on their approach for game development for Gust, who are famous for their long-running and adorable Atelier series.I was really wary and hesitant for a long time before buying it due to reading mixed reviews about this game and because I am a Gust and Atelier fan, I decided to take the plunge.Story: As I felt with Sophie, the story is serviceable, it is a platonic love between the two main female leads. It's nothing revolutionary or innovative but it manages to keep one's interest.Characters: The cast is fine; I really like Arnice and her protective, gallant tendency to protect her weak friend, which in turn is mainly a fan-service damsel-in-distress type. The other characters are just there for the ride to give a sense that that world is populated but I found them mildly interesting.Graphics: The graphics look fine for an anime rpg; they are almost Atelier level as in Sophie, not the ps3 and vita ones. However, for plot reasons they are always dark but beautiful.Game play mechanics: You need to do a ton of quests, 300 to be exact to unlock one of the trophies. Basically, you leave the hotel to follow a certain scenario, you choose your destination on the world map and you go there for a specified amount of time that you can't exceed, for plot reasons again. This can feel like a rinse-and-repeat approach, but the game is not too long to overstay its welcome, sans the extensive grinding if you want to feel overpowered in your rpgs as I do.The game has a pokemon-esque mechanic in which your recruit monsters to fight alongside you by getting certain item drops or buying the necessary parts to 'Actualise' them by paying with blue blood, which is also required for leveling up the main character, so you would always feel that you don't have enough of it unless you spend too much grinding and farming like I did. The main character also assumes some powerful forms depending on the type of monsters you choose to use and their affinities.Battles: They are fun and the hits seem to have an impact. I would say the game is on the easy side, but I did lots of grinding. Although the battle system may seem barebones to many, I was OK with that because I am not a fan of unnecessarily complicated battle systems and I normally prefer turn-based jrpg's anyway.Music: The music was very good and memorable and they suited the atmosphere of each dungeon really well for the most part.Voice acting: I really like the voice acting but mind you it is all dubbed in Japanese. On the plus side, all dialogue is dubbed.Extra features: the game doesn't have a difficulty setting but it does have a new game plus mode to make your life easier should you decide to replay it. It is also easy to platinum even for people who are not trophy hunters normally like myself.Overall, I do recommend this game to Gust and Atelier fans or lovers of Jrpgs in general as I really liked it in general."
,Recommended,527280,29775963,Posted: 7 February,all,ProRPG,After taking some time and mapping the keybindings to the steam controller the game is a lot of fun. There are some minor issues with the amount of SPU usage as well as Memory usage. Some people are having issues with the game taking up most of their resources and I am no exception but again not too bad.Not really going to do a pro/cons just yet but here are some key things to note:Keybindings - If you are using a keyboard only be prepared to feel like you are playing an old school typing game every time you go into combat as you litterly use about 12 key combinations at any given moment.However if you have a controller to map to this game becomes fairly simple and fun. Please note you can't change the keyboard layout.Graphics - They are good but offer no real adjustability and their max resolution falls short of where I like playing but it works just fine. The game doesn't get to 1920x1080 again I can live without it...I just happen to like it.CPU/Memory - I had it clock about 40% of my memory at one point and I run 24gigs and 82% of my 3.2ghz i5. This doesn't happen with everyone but it has been happening with alot of people. Enough that Koei should look into the issue.Win 7/64bit users might need to download a specific update if the game wont launch but again thats about a 10 minute fix so nothing big.The game froze and crashed on me once at about the hour mark and never did it again just a fair warning that I guess it might be prone to crashing.I would give it a solid 7/10 and might raise it to 9/10 depending on how the story progresses... it gets a point docked mainly off of the graphic issues and the static bindings for the keyboard. I am enjoying the Shin Megami Esq feel to it.
,Recommended,527280,29782301,Posted: 8 February,all,ナナチ,Game works perfectly so far.Pros:- Beautiful art direction- Excellent OST- Yuri tones- Good Seiyuu- Jiggle PhysxCons- None so farWill be updating this review in the future the more I play.
,Recommended,527280,29804757,Posted: 9 February,all,pandora,"★WHY YOU SHOULD BUY★Play as a blood drinking lesbian demon girl and command a bunch of cute demons to help you kill stuff and drink blood. The port works fine for me but I heard about issues for i7 users so be wary of that. I only bought this on Steam because the vita version runs really poorly. There are probably better action RPGS out there but if you're out of stuff to play or you're like me and you enjoy being a blood drinking lesbian demon then buy buy buy★PROS★Arnice (the playable character) is GAY. Trust me, I have level 100 gaydar with closet-immune augmentations. Arnice is super gay. Even her summons are gay.★CONS★Lilysse is gay I guess but she's boring and I don't like her★NEUTRAL★Super cliched anime writing. I guess a lot of people like this so take it however you like."
,Recommended,527280,29794151,Posted: 8 February,all,Talerax,"Well, I didn't play that much to make a comment on the story or anything.But as far as I know, the key binding on keyboard is not great. At least make it adjustable."
,Recommended,527280,34499197,Posted: 26 August,all,BubblyFudge,"I played through only the main story of the game. Though there are extras, I just felt bored. Nights of Azure is a repetitive grinding hack n slash without much to bring to the table except the servans system, which wasn't really executed that well. The graphics are okay, the fighting becomes a button masher after a while, monster designs are refreshing but repetitive and the maps are confusing af. Most of the time I don't have any idea where I'm going since this game lacks an objective marker and you're not even able to zoom out to see the whole map. However, despite all the problems, its a pretty solid game. The characters are sufficiently fleshed-out and quirky, there are a multitude of ways to customize your character and servans, and the bosses are genuinely challenging. However, the character models being so weird sometimes makes it hard for me to get really into the story. Arnice and Lilysse could be having some really intimate moments and you'll just see their bodies going into each other, its just weird af.Pros:-Fun to play-Controls are easy to grasp-Great character development-Large amount of customization-OST is a 10/10-Challenging bosses-Yuri love story *wink**wink*Cons:-Character models are janky-Monster designs are repetitive-Maps are way too confusing-Servans system couls be better-Battles are boring-Becomes a button-masherHonestly, I still adore this game even with everything that I said. I hope that the second game in the series fixes all the problems and adds more to this game, and I recommend this to anyone who just wants a game to play as a time-killer and likes yuri :>>"
76561198251831134,Recommended,527280,35095512,Posted: 20 September,all,Tama-chan,A dream come true for yuri fans who love action RPG.
76561198018029347,Recommended,527280,30303546,Posted: 3 March,all,wah2dil,Free-roaming Action JRPG with beautiful graphic and sexy anime ladies. Play this if you love grinding and hunting equipments/accessories.
,Recommended,527280,29973187,Posted: 16 February,all,Kaguzen_Rein,"Well, what should i say, it's a JRPG. You know you want it if like this genre. I'll put my review in line and i hope it'll help.1. The syoryline kind of ""plain"" at first hour but the more i played it, the story become more interesting, also beware of yuri.2. Combat mechanic is pretty unique and yet need sometimes to master it, it resemble DmC at some point. Leveling system is kind of new to me since you need to gather some material to lvl up your character.3 The soundtrack is the best, it really fit the situation and story.4. The cast or voice actor is top notch, if you're the kind of people who enjoy the seiyuu (Japanese Voice actor) world you know you'll have a good time here.5. There some major issue but i hope KOEI TECMO would fix it."
76561198088045666,Recommended,527280,29785655,Posted: 8 February,all,lolicon09,"I've played just a little bit of this port (already finished PS4 version).AMD Phenom II X4 955, 8GB DDR3 1600MHz, Radeon HD 5770 1GB. Thats what my PC has, and this game runs as good as the console version.Now, it has it flaws indeed. Same as Dead Or Alive 5, Xbox One controller inputs are messed up for some reason (but you can reasign buttons in the launcher. On 16:10 screen, there're no black bars to keep aspect ratio. And sometimes, even with fullscreen selected, the game starts windowed. Those are the cons i've found.Personally, its a good game and, on this case, a good PC port. They still need to improve on certain things, but it looks like they found the way.Note: could you PLEASE add this remapping option on DOA5 launcher too?"
,Not Recommended,527280,30437307,Posted: 10 March,all,Phatz4ever,"I played 17 hours in this game and I just didn't like this at all. The characters were really flat and onlyever had one thing that was the whole point of the story. The love interest was the love interest and not much else. No interesting backstories, or side missions to devleop the love interests any more then what it already was. Some other chatacers showed up but their point was not well made and they seemed to have a single point in the game.The game play was very lacking in both depth and ... game. Enemies were pretty much just punching bags with bosses just bigger punching bags with not much extra power. Theres a system to equip items but they didn't make much of a difference. Even ones regarding status effects were pointless since status effects were rare. You didn't seem to really get more power at all in the whol game and the party members you could get didn't feel all that useful to me. The main chacter has 3 attacks and multiple weapons but there didn't seem to be much of a difference in power and the ""Ultimate"" attacks that use a lot of SP didn't hit any harder had I just wacked an enemy with my faster attack.There's just little to like. Lacking story, flat chacters, overley easy gamplay that almost plays itself.Artwise the game looks great and it's got a pretty good atmosphere. Not as cool as soom of the pictures so. After playing for nearly 20 hours I saw just a lot of the same city and the underground portions of the city that were pretty bland.Overall, if you've got nothing else to do and you need a game this should be far down your list. For the 20-30$  price tag there are much more quality games that you'd enjoy."
,Recommended,527280,30136978,Posted: 24 February,all,SyrFlova,"I saw many report abouy the cpu usage issue, but the latest patch already fix that issue. Overall this game is beautiful and unique. Really worth every penny."
,Recommended,527280,29776248,Posted: 7 February,all,NiflheimX,"Map your input first.The 'Settings' option when launching the game is there for some reason.Yet at the same time, if you use XBOX controller, the input mappings are almost all wrong by default, even when the game uses XBOX layout... now that's unreasonable.Playing the first after starting up the PC, the game won't go fullscreen. Second time is the charm of getting fullscreen... but I still cannot find the 'end game' choice, it's no PS4 that you can just turn off...a few games later, I still haven't found the ""proper"" way to quit the game, lol"
76561198009357777,Recommended,527280,33595270,Posted: 16 July,all,Mememan,Fun game recommend running this in steam big picture the devs havent put a proper way to quit the game outside of it
76561198019048563,Recommended,527280,33423603,Posted: 9 July,all,Unyaa,"I do like it, but I hate the AMD bugs. The story is overall nice, and I like how they designed Arnice, not just her appearance.There's bugs for those that have AMD discreet cards, especially the R9 Fury series. I didn't get this on my laptop, which has a Geforce chip. It looks like some triangles get mangled"
76561198030266513,Recommended,527280,29769172,Posted: 7 February,all,Broly412,"Its a nice game, but the controls are ""bugged"", i cant change all controls and they arent correct in the standard."
,Recommended,527280,29767709,Posted: 7 February,all,Jan in Wonderland,I've been playing this game for 4 hoursit's a lot of fun even though I had to match the button mapping to my xbox 360 controller before I can enjoy the game.one thing that bothers me thoughwhere is the quit/exit button? I have to alt+f4 everytime I'm done playing :p
,Recommended,527280,33438316,Posted: 10 July,all,hanneslaukkanen,Great game! Not too hard main game but post-game is quite challencing.
,Recommended,527280,29941725,Posted: 15 February,all,Chronos,"I see lesbian, i buy itim waiting for the second :)10/10"
,Not Recommended,527280,34129783,Posted: 9 August,all,JEeZaNY,"I liked the game. But, it crashed before the credit, so I can't play the extra missions and reach the true ending.Very poor port and looks like the developers abandoned the port."
,Recommended,527280,30621562,Posted: 19 March,all,c0sider,Love this game.
76561198052243162,Not Recommended,527280,34858797,Posted: 10 September,all,Soviet,"This seems like a good weeb game but at the moment the controller key mapping is bugged to the point that unless you lucked out and the default keys were correctly set up, which is normally true but seems it’s not for most people in this game. You are very likely to either not be able to play the game due to not being able to link the buttons."
,Not Recommended,527280,34429650,Posted: 22 August,all,HELLruler,"Nights of Azure had the potential to be innovative in the hack'n'slash genre, but all we got was a  super boring button masher.The story is very generic and has no twist to make it more interesting. Your friend is a sacrifice to save the world and you want to destroy evil and keep her alive. The main characters are uninteresting as well, to the point the others easily steal the spotlight when they appear.The combat is bland. Summoning allies to the fight is a very nice mechanic, and each one has a special ability - some are terrible, others are strong. The problem is that those servans, as they are called, do most of the work. The PC as little impact over the fight until you get some hard-earned levels to deal any significant damage to the monsters, or unlock the transformation. It just feels so unrewarding.If there was a better focus on allies fighting and the PC supporting them, this game could have been a lot more fun instead.There are good things to talk about though. The game looks rather good, has good artwork and music, and runs smooth. Got this game in a sale and was still disappointed."
,Not Recommended,527280,34163822,Posted: 11 August,all,Mr Deap,"I bought it bundle with Atelier of Sophie.Atelier of Sophie is a great fun game, this one, not really.I'm used to heavy action games... Kind of harsh massive step down for me. There's no issue with optimization, anything graphic related & the rest. The game run well & all, but the problem come down to the gameplay & animation related issue.It feel like you're hitting on nothing while the health goes down on fiend & the interaction is poor overall. It feel like a portable game gameplay wise.It worth to play if you don't have much time to play. It's pretty much mash quick & forget the rest while wondering why massive cup sizes is featured in the game. Probably something to do with the new Sony machine debut..."
,Recommended,527280,30770022,Posted: 27 March,all,Aerugo,It's a nice game
76561198164490866,Recommended,527280,30711591,Posted: 24 March,all,セミラミス,Not bad
,Recommended,527280,30268422,Posted: 1 March,all,Pixelica,"There is no ""Quit Game"" Button!!"
76561198064621210,Recommended,527280,29839560,Posted: 10 February,all,Chuy5Pesos,Awesome Soundtrack
76561198168349039,Not Recommended,527280,34408308,Posted: 21 August,all,Bella,"I wanna point out the good things first, because the game does have a few good aspects.1.) The cover art, loading screens and basically any 2d art is absolutely stunning.2.) The female characters look relatively nice, their outfits are creative.3.) The combat is okay, it gets more fun later on. Kinda reminds me of dynasty warriors.Now that's about it. I'm really suffering to play through it cause it's just so... dumb. The characters are dumb, the story is a bad ripoff of ff10, the way you spend your days is dumb, the chapter progression forces you to do side quests and makes no sense...I'm so disappointed, I really wanted to like the game."
,Recommended,527280,29764774,Posted: 7 February,all,Shelter,"Well, I just finished my 1st chapter and no gamebreaking, bugs, or some issue like FPS drop while looting dropped item from Blue Blood (Monster) or else. This game run smoothly on my PC using Win 8.1 OS tho. But sorry, I can't give my review for now, probably later after finishing the game.And yea, this game RECOMMENDED! ;)"
76561198305375778,Recommended,527280,31751094,Posted: 14 May,all,danedeangelo,"Really love the gameplay and play style. Really well made story, graphics. The music makes the game that much more fun."
76561198021237147,Recommended,527280,29765308,Posted: 7 February,all,Sole,"The game looks gorgeous and interesting but like every review said, the default keymapping is total BS. Could someone please, just please tell me what the correct keymapping is. theres only 15 buttons on the xbox 360 controller and theres option for 60++ buttons in the setting. i cant figure out which button does what function"
76561198039886485,Not Recommended,527280,29768087,Posted: 7 February,all,Noobsailor,"I want to reccomend this game but I feel like that wouldn't be okay at the moment as there are a few problems with the port from the start.The good news is that it looks great and it runs silky smooth in-game so far for me. However, I jumped right into the game without checking on the button mapping as I'm used to not having to do that. That was a mistake; I couldn't get past the first tutorial because it asks you to press RB + either A, B, Y, or X to perform a certain function. But pressing RB was doing nothing at all. It turns out none of the shoulder buttons were mapped by default. Which is pretty weird and silly. Especially since it meant quitting the game and there hadn't been a chance to save yet.Speaking of quitting the game, I don't see any way to do that other than slapping the windows key & then closing the game manually. Though maybe I'm just being blind (pressing escape does nothing).Lastly, the intro FMV stutters horribly. I played Atelier Sophie to see how that was earlier and there were no problems at all with the FMVs. Plus the game performs perfectly outside of the video so I don't know why an FMV would keep coming to full stops.Anyway, I think I'll enjoy this game outside of these issues, so I'll update my review accordingly if TK bother to sort them out."
,Not Recommended,527280,33919073,Posted: 30 July,all,Shizuma,"As much as I'd like to love and give a good recomendation for this game I can't because it refuses to reconize and setup properly with my controller, the controller works fine with every single other game but not this one, I've read the guides online of going into settings and gamepad, click the dropdown box then click the appropriate button on the controller but it simply doesn't reconize it at all, I tried using windows 10's default setting for the Dualshock 4, using inputmapper to emulate the 360 controller and using the Steam Dualshock 4 intergration but no matter what I do it simply won't use the controller so I can't actually play the game."
,Recommended,527280,29843813,Posted: 11 February,all,taishi_tetora,i love this game and arnice <3
76561198113191441,Not Recommended,527280,29949832,Posted: 15 February,all,Nihlus,"As far as action-rpg's go, Nights of Azure doesn't really stand out at all, the only special thing about the game is it's ""Servan"" mechanic, but even that has been done better in other games with more focus on summoning.The story is mediocre and cliche, Heroine trying to save the world from evil gets forced to choose between the world or her friend. This has been done a million times in ways much more intresting than Nights of Azure did.The characters are bland and forgettable, even borderline annoying at some points (This goes mainly for the male chracters).The relationship between the two heroines is as lackluster as the rest of the game, all we are given as backstory is that they knew eachother before, havent seen eachother for two years and now after reuniting they are both willing to sacrifice themselves and the world just to save the other. There is little to no development between them other than the typical ""I'll do anything for her/to save her"".When it comes to gameplay, the game is at least fun to play while hunting demons and doing quests, the combat is fun at first while you're discovering new servans and unlocking weapons, but gets repetitive quite fast.I would not recommend this game unless you are desperate for an action-rpg, and even then, I'd say look elsewhere."
76561198120439993,Recommended,527280,32755956,Posted: 24 June,all,yukkosama,AWESOMENESS IS ALL I CAN SAY :D
76561197993818364,Not Recommended,527280,30434067,Posted: 10 March,all,Quetzalcoatl,"The melee combat isn't very good and just feels floaty.  The diferent servans help make combat more interesting, but that isn't enough to make the gameplay enjoyable.  I didn't really enjoy any of the cutscenes either, they were far too frequent and uninteresting.I admit that I haven't played much of this, but I see no reason to play any more."
76561198133211982,Recommended,527280,31775459,Posted: 15 May,all,Ryuckshe,A game so sweet you can get diabetes.
76561198296743584,Not Recommended,527280,30418188,Posted: 9 March,all,Rice0Pudding,"Total Hours: 22 hoursMusic 6/10Music is decent, but all of them don't have much replay value. Nothing I would want to keep on listening to.Characters 6/10Character model is good, but as a whole they lack character development and personalities are boring.Story 4/10Boring and plain. True ending is not satisfying at all; doesn't provide much extra compare to the first clear ending.Gameplay 7/10Frankly combat system is quite enjoyable. Interesting mechanism with the Servans but the Hammer and Gun doesn't feel impactful compare to the other weapons.Overall 6/10Decent for its price, but if you are looking for a story rich JRPG this is definitely not the one. If you are a huge JRPG fan sure go ahead, but otherwise this game is not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,527280,30210067,Posted: 26 February,all,eightystrike,"The story is incredibly lackluster. There were too many slice of life moments, with hardly any scenes to give you a sense of desperation. Comic relief should've been left up to the merchant and the researcher. The sidequests were mostly nonsensical both in gameplay nature and story, requiring you to go to a random spot and resulting in scenes that added nothing of value. You don't even get any rewards.The gameplay is alright. For almost the entirety of the game, you steamroll bosses. The only bosses that are fun and challenging are the final bosses and the two post-game bosses. Nothing to see here.4/10 play something else"
76561198272994872,Not Recommended,527280,30212836,Posted: 26 February,all,shroudfreeze,I really wish we had a neutral review option for this....Regarding Nights of Azure..it's an interesting concept storywise and gameplay is somewhat interesting for a hack and slash (adding in servans as summons to help). However there are a few gripes I have. These gripes are probably only things that would only bother me yet I will point them out nonetheless primarily because I haven't seen anyone else mention them:1:) The camera can be a bit..annoying at times. I found it hard to determine what servans were mine and which were the enemies at certain points of combat. These moments were rare and not entirely a deal breaker but it was frustrating.2:) This is kind of my big gripe and the reason I'm requesting a refund. The voice acting. There is no English Dub for this game it's all japanese VA. Now normally I'm ok with japanese VAs for some games and TV series....but this games VA choices for one reason or another just got on my nerves within the first hour. Some people like the choices and that's cool. For this particular game though it's not my cup of tea.
76561198091423829,Not Recommended,527280,29762901,Posted: 7 February,all,Subakichan,Really bad port. Couldn't even get past the first battle due to the FPS issues and controls being mapped all wrong. Wait for a patch.
,Not Recommended,527280,29761568,Posted: 7 February,all,Saibot,"15 Mins Into the Game. So far only Issues. Will Change my Review, when those 3 main aspects are getting fixed- Can't find a way to Change the Voice over from Japanese to English, instead of Sophie Atelier where you can select Language in the Start up Screen.- I can't pick up any Items which drops from enemys, since my Refresh Rate on my Monitor is set to 144 hz. When i change my Refresh Rate to 60 everything works fine. Common Issue in the Community Forum.- The Controls are completely wrong. Press RB to Summon someone. Key Bindings are all wrong and messed up :/WITHOUT THESE PROBLEMS THE GAME IS FINE SO FAR! STEADY 60 FPS+EDIT 7th February 2017 - 4PMI refunded my Game, since it's not worth the 23,99€ for now. I better save the money, instead of dealing with Monitor FPS issues, missing voice overs and Crapy Controls on Gamepad :)HAPPY GAMING EVERYONE! :)"
,Not Recommended,527280,29766942,Posted: 7 February,all,Septoleyfe,"There's a mistake on the store page: english voice support doesn't exist for this game, actually.ProThe action-based battle system doesn't have any lack.Characters' design and their 3D models are gorgeous.The soundtrack is unique and well done, I like it.ConsAnimations, more specifically those for the cutscenes, aren't well refined. Well, I think that it can be forgiven, they didn't use the motion capture tecnology and I can't pretend they do.When you play it for the first time, you will notice that something is wrong with the gamepad buttons. In fact, default settings are all wrong and you must remap them all. This can be fixed, but it can be frustrating (I've bought this game to play with it, not to try to make it work fine).Seems that the game hasn't got a very good porting. Frames per second aren't always 60, there are also random drops and stuttering."
76561198188586651,Not Recommended,527280,30009926,Posted: 18 February,all,AragakiAyase,慎买！慎买！慎买！在中文补丁下bug一堆，地图传送卡住，召唤使魔崩溃等等。。
,Not Recommended,527280,33252899,Posted: 4 July,all,Beer Grills,A complete waste of time.Summon your minions then walk around and let them kill everything. Only for bosses you ever need to attack yourself. The story and characters are shallow and broing as ♥♥♥♥.
76561198026568634,Not Recommended,527280,29916481,Posted: 14 February,all,Ramidel,"I'm already turned off by the keyboard layout and the fact that it's both difficult to use and cannot be configured (seriously, KT?). I don't want to have to get a controller to play this game - if I did, I'd get a PS4 to play it on.Not recommending this game until this changes."
,Not Recommended,527280,33062379,Posted: 30 June,all,rolf.lorenz,"All buttons on my controller are mess up X is B, B is A, RB is missing. I had two F710 none is recognized properly in Xdirect or XInput same thing"
76561198099497050,Not Recommended,527280,30918098,Posted: 3 April,all,lionheart,I Cannot Run This GameIt Saids That I Need To Install DX11But I've Already Installed DX11 Wich Is Built-in Win7 SystemAPP Crash0xc0000005
,Not Recommended,527280,34167362,Posted: 11 August,all,🎖Ace🎖,Always crash on opening scene
76561198032073131,Not Recommended,527280,29829954,Posted: 10 February,all,☣Kekskuchen☣,"sloppy animation, random fps drops for no reason"
76561198032448171,Not Recommended,527280,29767679,Posted: 7 February,all,JIMDIO,keybindings all wrong..both.. keyboard and  pad...seems my new START buttuón is red..hmm..not happy
,Recommended,527280,29761149,Posted: 7 February,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
76561198082303299,Not Recommended,527280,29767412,Posted: 7 February,all,aoigami,"Horrible port!Nothing work /:Need Patch!EDIT:Thanks for the patch...controller is okay now...Game is...it's an action game...story is not great,characters are meh and I'm tired of huge boobs heroines.Perfect to kill time.Would like an option for a neutral review."
76561198113037394,Not Recommended,527280,31918968,Posted: 23 May,all,nightintodreams,"#1 minesweepers is better than this#2 I just wanted to give a bad review for the rating and was lazy to elaborate. seeing people posting reviews like "" because boobs"" is okay so i think mine should be qualified. but since there aee people out there want to know more. sure, why not waste some time to explainok, why i would not recommend this game is basically i dont think i ""get"" something from it after playing. unlike other games, i may enjoy the storyline or the gameplay, or even some feel of achievement. but this? nothing.storyline is boring, AND unlogical. you will see npc appearing at places they shouldnt be, and when you talk to them they just say stuff which you can basically ignore and it wont affect you anyhow.the main plot is also very shallow. i dont want to spoil it here. i will just say its very very short, and no plot twist, at least to me it is not.gameplay, so this should be categorised as action rpg i guess? again this game has shallow mechanics. is just the usual grass cutting game ( until very late game). you get to bring 4 servants/summons as teammates to help you in your battle, i will not elaborate more as i am not writing a guide.  only 4 main stats hp mp atk def. stun and critical and drop rate are based on equips. little skills to be learnt. and no great skills ( no increase critical rate or hp regen or add atk def stuff).achievement. after finishing the game main line.  i was left wondering what i enjoyed from this game. and i cant think of any. the last few battles i was rushing so i can quickly end this game and concentrate on other games.  there is nothing to make me want to play more of it. and i think it would have been better if i never played it at all.that is all. this is just my opinion. buy it if you like the art and simple gameplay or you dont want the money in your hand"
,Not Recommended,527280,29859101,Posted: 11 February,all,Spirit Macardi,It's in Japanese only. Dub it and perhaps I'll consider spending money on this again.
,Recommended,527280,29786214,Posted: 8 February,all,Eizeln,"Now supporting 4k. Very good port, I never had a bug or crash."
