user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198029978533,Recommended,527270,32309318,Posted: 9 June,all,America_Yea,"Ok so out of all of the latest Atelier games this one plays with the most freedom of all of them.  No weekly deadlines.  Freedom to explore when and where you want with a seamlessly inserted storyline.  To top it off the storyline in this Atelier game is one of the best since Iris.  One of the most fun things I found in this game was actually the ability to use songs from some of the older atelier games as music and most of the music selections in the game are changeable (you can do this from the book in the atelier).  I found that ""That Kid's Shop Is Successful?"" from atelier Iris 2 was very well suited to the main character and thus have it as my Atelier theme now.Only Two negatives I encountered first being my directinput controller was not well implemented (not expected to be even working to be honest tho so no shame there) and the required installation of the 32 bit Runtime libraries on a 64 bit computer were kinda missleading.  (the launcher is 32 bit the game shell itself is 64 bit and these are forced into those modes meaning you need both the x64 and x86 vc packages included in the redistributable folder installed.)All negatives aside If you don't have this GET IT.  I can't reccomend this game enough."
,Recommended,527270,32675319,Posted: 23 June,all,(!)macskyfractals(¡),"Are you ready for a stream of consciousness review at 6:00AM in the morning? Great! Let's get into it.What is Atelier Sophie?Atelier Sophie is a game about alchemy - but not just that, the effects a single person can have on numerous others through good intentions and hard work.You see, Alchemy is the art of fulfilling the wishes and desires of materials to become usable items. It is listening and figuring out exactly which item works with which other, which trait will work best for which situation, and which things fit together harmoniously.Your job in this game is to create harmony between items, people, and situations. And the main character, Sophie Neuenmuller, is a perfect example of this quality. She is bubbly, upbeat, but flawed. She is earnest though, and nearly always owns up to her mistakes and failures, letting her good nature guide her through each and every situation.There is a lot as people that we can take from her. Though Sophie is simply an alchemist, she shows the importance of how just one job, one role, one chance, one opportunity, filled with good natured intent - done to your fullest - can help the other people around you, lift you up, and bring happiness and joy to the places you least expect it.This is a coming of age story - a girl becoming a woman. Learning the human condition through the only thing she knows well - Alchemy. But enough of my ranting, lets get into a more objective break down.Story - 5/5The story in this game can likely be explained in just one sentence.""You are an alchemist, and you make items to better the town you live in.""And Gust could have just left the story there, but it didn't. While you won't find yourself drawn into Atelier Sophie's story like say, the Witcher 3 (haha), you will be drawn in by the charm and the vibrance of the characters. I've already spoken on Sophie, but her companions are just as fun, and each shows enough character and story line to avoid archetypes that plague this sort of game all the time.As an Alchemist in the town of Kirchen Bell, you feel like a daughter of the town. You know everyone, and everyone knows you. You gradually help them to see you grow up, grow out, and gain confidence.Childhood friends -feel- like childhood friends. The local market -feels- like the place to go for basic items. The lounge -feels- like a small hole in the wall - but one with charm. The town of Kirchen Bell is alive and well, and you certainely feel (even isolated up in the Atelier doing Alchemy) that you are an active part of the community.And helping people in Kirchen Bell expounds outwards. By helping them, you help yourself, and you go on action filled romps through dungeons, which are simple in design but fun to visit again and again. Why? Because they offer new materials and new chances to test out your plethora of items. (You can hold 5,000 back at home!)The story is light, fun, and never feels forced. It has emotion, but isn't heavy handed. It has depth, but only if you go searching. It's as cute and as fun as you'd like it to be, with as much depth as you'd like to assign to it.It's your story, my story. We are Sophie.Graphics - 4/5I'm an Ultrawide Nerd, so obviously a lack of native (or hacked) support stinks. But I'm also a resilient little princess, so I'll survive. The game runs up to 2560x1440p, and if you can reach that, it looks amazing. The artwork is spectacularly drawn. The animations and areas look -justlikeanimeomg-, which is a big plus for me.Sure, some areas are small and kinda plain, but their vividness still pops out here and there. Atelier Sophie gets the job done in the graphics department, giving the world a Storybook feel. No one is expecting anything amazing, though 4k would have been nice to see, and UW support would have been a blessing from the PC Gods. But Gust is working on those things, and I trust them.I rarely encountered bugs or anything like that.Controls - 5/5The controls in this game are simple, and they are already mapped for you. They are explicit and easy to learn, and you won't have any mystery with this one. The easiest 5/5 I've ever given.Gameplay - 6/5I cheated and gave an extra point. Sorry! The Gameplay is what really makes this macaroni cook. I'll start off with Alchemy. As someone who thought this game would just be about boring crafting all day - BOY WAS I WRONG. It's about super exciting crafting mixed with neato turn based combat and cute designs!The crafting in this game is the main selling point. It is fun, easy to learn, and feels a bit like playing a game of Tetris in a Cauldron. It's a game within a game! Sometimes I spent 2 or 3 hours just fiddling with traits and things in the Cauldron, trying to get my Alchemy just right cuz, omg, I wanted to be the best like no one ever was. To make Honey was my real test, and to not get failure ash was my cause.I hate crafting normally, but this game made me a fan. Instead of bein a crotchety hag about it, I really enjoyed shifting and mixing and matching colors, qualities and values. To all you hack and slash players, trust me, this is a fun little diversion that will change the way you look at crafting and sitting at a cauldron. It's a major part of the game that feels like a fun mini game every single time.CombatCombat is amazing. Amazing why? Because it doesn't try to be more than what it is. It's turn based fighting, with two stances- Offensive and Defensive. Sound simple? It is!But another element is brought in with chains, combos, and different party formations. Explosive bombs crafted in the Atelier cause devastation and make the game a demolition test on cute little critters. It's engaging and fun even during grinding. Grinding itself is never tiring, never boring, and never is at a lack for excitement based on which items and party makeups you use.The animations feel like a shonen anime, and it really gives you a great feeling about fighting. That's a big plus for a primarily crafting based game.Quests/Running AroundThe Quests in this game usually require you to make something or finding something, which is standard fare. Once again though, this is never boring or lacking for intrigue. Sometimes you are rewarded with really pretty cutscenes, cute dialogue, and silly interactions. Other times its just cold hard cash, which is fine too. It doesn't take you long to figure out how to get the money money money, and soon Sophie is a whale at the Bellagio. Even when you have money though, trust me, you'll be spending it on constant improvements and new gear, and each time you create something (you craft weapons and armor too, through your buddies) you have a sense of pride.That's what this game gives you - a sense of accomplishment. What gamer doesn't want that?Sound - 5/5The sound in this game is amazing. With the DLC, you can even change all the sounds to your liking (From all the older Atelier games!) With that said, the default tracks are great. They aren't overbearing, but if you take time to listen and just sit back, they are soothing when they need to be, and up beat when they need to be as well. Combat tracks never get repetitive or bland, and boss fights feel epic in all their epicness.You can feel Sophie getting stronger as the fights scale up, and dramatic points of the story have the proper sound for the event they are placed in.It's not some riveting orchestral masterpiece, but it is incredibly pleasing and cute. That,and no sound is out of place or awkward.ConclusionAtelier Sophie was my first Atelier game. I'm no crafter, I'm a person that loves mashing buttons and cutting things to pieces while eating eggs whites and drinking cranberry juice. But guess what? I ate my eggs whites alot slower and drank my cranberry juice alot more delicately after this game. Engrossing, enriching and cute, this game is highly recommended and a must have for your Steam Library.Don't miss out!"
,Recommended,527270,29763660,Posted: 7 February,all,SKILLS,"Finally, the Atelier series has come to the PC!This is my second playthough, after having completed the game once on PS4.GameplayAtelier Sophie starts out slow; there isn't really a story until the middle of the game. Instead, Atelier Sophie has lots of slice of life events that gradually unfold as the story progresses. The game revolves around Sophie, a budding alchemist living in Kirchen Bell. Having inherited her grandmother's Atelier, Sophie wants to become a better alchemist. Unlike previous Atelier games in the series, Atelier Sophie lacks a time limit.All the DLC available on the PS4 version is included with the Steam version for no extra cost, along with the Steam price being only half of the digital version of Atelier Sophie on PS4.There are four available difficulties, with harder difficulties providing increased experience and rarer item drops, along with harder enemies, increased enemy health, and lower damage dealt.For those wondering, you can select English or Japanese voices in the settings, with the Japanese voices containing more voiced lines than the English voices.Alchemy SystemAtelier Sophie's unique crafting system is where the game shines. New items to synthesize are unlocked as you explore the vast world that lies before you, and these recipes can be discovered through a variety of different methods. Using alchemy, Sophie can synthesize useful items, such as medicine, accessories, and explosives. While traveling around the outskirts of Kirchen Bell, Sophie can gather materials to be used for alchemy. These gatherable materials have unique properties, which are known as ""traits"" in the game. Synthesizing materials together with different traits can result in items with unique effects, such as adding more healing benefits to medicine.The revamped alchemy system from the previous Atelier games is a key feature of Atelier Sophie. Gathered materials come in all sorts of shapes and sizes, and each material has a certain element, such as fire, water, or earth. The alchemy cauldron involves placing materials on a grid in a tetris-like form. The size, shape, and element of a material can change how you place materials in the cauldron. Placing enough of a certain element in the cauldron can result in more powerful bonus effects, like increased damage in throwables or enhanced healing in medicine. However, filling in more space of the cauldron's grid will result in a item with higher quality. As you place materials down, some tiles around the material can light up, resulting in an increased amount of progress to a bonus effect. Some materials with odd shapes might not even fit with the other materials you placed, causing you to reconsider where you place materials in the cauldron. As the game progresses, new cauldrons are unlocked. These new cauldrons can change how you synthesize items, such as increasing the available grid space, allowing the materials to be rotated in the cauldron, and increasing the amount of bonus tiles gained.CombatThe combat in Atelier Sophie is not as fleshed out as the alchemy system, but comparable to other JRPGs out there. Atelier Sophie is a turn-based RPG, except that all attacks are decided before a turn starts. The speed of a character determine who attacks before another charater or enemy. There are two possible stances a character can take, either an offensive or defensive stance. An offensive stance causes more damage, while a defensive stance can reduce damage taken. Stances can be changed on a character's turn, and depending on the current situation, can change the outcome of a battle. As a character attacks, a ""chain link"" gauge increases, which allows characters in the same stance to execute special attacks as a group once the gauge is filled to a certain point. An offensive group skill can deal massive damage, while a defensive group skill can grant defensive buffs for allies that can potentially change the outcome of a battle.PerformanceAtelier Sophie was developed by Koei Tecmo games, a company known for inferior PC ports in the past. However, Atelier Sophie has native 4K resolution support, 60 fps, anti-aliasing, and adjustable shadow quality. This is arguably the best PC port Koei Tecmo has done so far. Finally, a Koei Tecmo port that's superior to the PS4 version!On my GTX 1070, I was able to run Atelier Sophie at the highest shadow quality and 4x anti-aliasing(launcher allows up to 4x) at 4K resolution at 60 frames per second with VERY minimal stuttering, to the point where you would need to try to actually look for any stuttering to notice it. Unusually high CPU usage and ""shimmering"" shadows are a bit glitchy as of launch day, but hopefully a future patch will address these issues. The anti-aliasing and 4K resolution eliminates aliasing, which plagued the PS4 version. Along with potential modding support, Atelier Sophie's PC port looks promising.ConclusionOverall, I rate Atelier Sophie an8.5/10. The story could have been improved in many ways, but the new crafting system somewhat makes up for that. The combat is decent at best, and the combat of the previous Atelier games are considerably better. Keyboard support is not the greatest, with keys being rebindable only in the configuration files, while controller support is as good as other PC games out there. Hopefully, the sequel, Atelier Firis, should improve on the weak aspects of Atelier Sophie. Koei Tecmo is also improving in port quality, and hopefully future Koei Tecmo ports will be as good or better than Atelier Sophie's port."
,Recommended,527270,30305087,Posted: 3 March,all,🅷🆄🆁🆁🅰🆈,"Fetch Quest Simulator. And It's surprisingly good and relaxing.Yes, relaxing. Now that the game doesn't have those terrible time limits, you can actually spend as much time as you want fighting, gathering and synthesizing stuff. Does it make the game easier? Yes surely, but it's much less stressful than playing a videogame with tightass deadlines as if it were your day job.While Atelier Sophie isn't quite the biggest technological advancement compared to the previous titles, I could argue very enjoyable to play. The game has only one ending and one missable achievement, so you don't really have to keep checking the internet for routes, managing saves and all the♥♥♥♥♥♥that comes with multiple endings and missable cheevos. Just sit back and enjoy some 'slice of life' game, with cute girls doing cute and funny things, and the♥♥♥♥♥♥us weebs all love."
,Recommended,527270,32828110,Posted: 26 June,all,Terravir,"Great game, a lot of fun. Alchemy itself is a fun intricate puzzle mini-game with a lot of depth. The story is not a literary height, but its a nice feel-good story. The game also has a nice habbit of introducing new mechanics even quite a bit into the game, with great pacing. Giving you new mechanics at a welcome moment. Music is quite good as well.My biggest gripe is with the combat. You don't get to see the strength of enemies untill you are already in combat with them and the game has a tendency to have a huge range of mob power in the same area. You can go from beating packs with a single hit and barely getting xp, to getting absolutely demolished by the next pack in the very same area. Can be a bit frustrating but the penalty for losing isn't very severe, you lose some of your gathered materials.I'd happily recommend this game. Runs well, works well with a controller."
,Recommended,527270,29761777,Posted: 7 February,all,Saibot,"We need more Games like this here on SteamYes I'm a huge JRPG Fan and since I've left Console behind me, I couldn't ""Test"" Atelier Sophie. I waited for this to come to Steam, since i've heared of it.And let me tell you something straight forward:This Game is Great!I can't and wont talk much about the Story so far but steady 60fps, no Drops so far, I LOVE the Artstyle, Camera is a bit slow with Gamepad for me but that's just crying on a high level.Please. More. Now. :)"
,Recommended,527270,29782479,Posted: 8 February,all,Cyrilin's Abandoned Reason,"In short: Buy Atelier Sophie, if it's the kind of game you like. It's amazing. But it's not for everyone.The draw of Atelier has never been exhilarating combat but a more laid back style of JRPG play. Much attention lies on presenting likeable and cute characters and exploring the relationships and backstories between Sophie and her companions.Then there is the actual alchemy which is pretty much a game in its own right, mixing and matching the right items to create the best bombs, killer books or whatever else you can make, as well as crafting the best equipment possible. The dollmaking system in particular is very fun to experiment with just to see what sorts of good looking or silly (or slooty) outfits you can end up with.Combat is functional with a lot of flashy effects but not too much of a focus. There is some tactic involved with bringing party members with different strengths and setting up equipment, as well as balancing the attack and defense rolls in the otherwise fairly standard JRPG battle system.For GUST's first port they did a fairly good job. There is a noticeable sort of lag when navigating the menu of all things but the cutscenes, general open-world gameplay and combat moves fluid even at the highest settings on my mid-range rig.The game certainly isn't for everyone. It strikes an odd line between casual players through fairly easy standard combat and making up for the lack of excitement with character and whimsy and the super-hardcore players on the other spectrum through the high difficulty levels which necessitate a lot of crafting, making the best equipment you possibly can and using tactics effectively in combat, though the challenge hererin lies more in the pre-battle prepwork than the actual fights.If this appeals to you at all, Atelier Sophie is definitely worth a recommendation, if only so GUST starts paying more attention to the PC market."
,Recommended,527270,29923322,Posted: 14 February,all,泥鰍小妹妹,"PROS-Great interplay between exploring and crafting-Lots of depth and you will need to be patient-Great music-Comprehensive encyclopedia feature is very useful-60fps and well ported to PC-Much Longer Story than the previous Atelier Series and have many events to trigger.CONS-Mediocre combat-Tutorial heavy-Mechanics lack polish-You will Lost Track On What To Do-Crafting Alchemist Potion to progress the story(early game) For Unlocking Plactha's memory-You Only Get 1 ending no Matter what you do (i've play it on ps4 and vita as well)ConclusionThe crafting system has had a major overhaul and is now much more fun to play. The game is also easier now that you don't have to do multiple playthroughs and there is no time limit. We can also finally change camera angles at will.On the downside, there is now only one ending  and you can only battle with 4 characters (Shallie allowed 6). So if you interested in buying this game get this with bundle that is also include with Night Of Azure. Although i can say this is much better port from Tecmo Koei ever released to date much better than Night Of Azure which has mess up controller mapping. I recommend playing this for the series if you have been follow the atelier series since ps3 era or psvita.Atelier Firis were also about to debut next month as well.kindly pick this up while still can.My Final Verdict4/5 it is a great game although the story progression is a lil bit harder if you have never play this series before.the full Walkthrough can be found here in this linkhttp://www.playstationtrophies.org/forum/atelier-sophie-the-alchemist-of-the-wonder-book/291405-atelier-sophie-alchemist-mysterious-book-trophy-guide-road-map.htmlGOOD LUCK AND HAVE FUN"
76561198040879146,Recommended,527270,29781491,Posted: 8 February,all,Marc,"A light-hearted, cheerful and relaxing experience, having my favourite JRPG series move to PC is the best gift ever.Note: I have spent more than 100 hours on this game when it is released on Playstation 4, just bought this in steam to support the developers, hence the low hour count.tl;dr : Scroll to bottom for quick summaryBefore I go into actual review of the game, here are some basic info to give you some idea about the gameplay:Alchemyis basically the crafting aspect of the game, with great depth but IMO not hard to get a hang of.Game world is split into areas laid out on a world map, which are not linked but are entered in a manner similar to fast-travelling in Betheseda RPGs.Each area consists of numerous sections which can be roamed freely, and are (usually) littered with enemies.Ingredients for alchemy are collected in these areas during free roam,and combat is triggered if player touches enemies during free roamCombat happens in a seperate sequence from free roam, and is turn-based.What I likeThe alchemy systemThe alchemy system in this game is the best of all crafting system in any game I have played. It is not simply ""gather this and that material then click on item name to craft"", it is a puzzle game in its own right.The game also does a good job of gradually teaching and introducing various elements of the system in a good pace, keeping it easily understandable while not overwhelming the player with its depth.The products of alchemy affects gameplay greatly, as you are creating your character's combat gear and items. Create high quality gear with good attributes and you'll have easy fights, and vice versa.However the game achieves good balance in its difficulty (Which is adjustable with loot scaled accordingly, IMO a great pro), it is not hard to create items good enough to fend off enemies.If you really invest your time and thought in alchemy, you can basically blast straight through enemies. The battles may end very quick but still be extremely rewarding, because the characters are wearing and using itemsyoucreated, and their overwhelming power isgranted by your skill and knowledgeof the system.I'm the type which wants to bereallywell prepared and thus spent loads of time perfecting the items I craft, I would say around 50% of my total game time is spent on alchemy alone, and I enjoy every bit of it.The setting & atmosphereI'll say foremost that subjectively the fantasy setting of this game is right up my alley. The game world and environment is crafted with great quality. The artstyle, design and music of the world matches very well to the tone of the story, as well as the gameplay.The storyline is generally quite light-hearted, and is accentuated by the colourful environment and great soundtrack (A lot of which are played & recorded live on actual instruments).Every design aspect of the game fit nicely with others, giving the gamea very happy and joyous atmosphere, while also exhibiting the sometimes breathtaking beauty of the fantasy realm.Cons, or what can be done betterStoryline & character developmentIf you are expecting epic tales of trimph/conquest/salvation of the human race, unfortunately you will not find it here.The general storyline is quite light-hearted (again), and follows the protagonist Sophie's journey into alchemy, and the adventures with her friends in exploring the fantasy realm.The story does have some serious moments (RPGs need bosses), but overall this game is definitely more ""fun with friends"" than ""epic heroic saga"".The light story meansthe game has a very relaxing pacethough, you are free to explore, free to spend a lot of time crafting, free to do whatever you want in your own pace.Combat depth & difficultyCombat in this game has the common staples of RPG combat with character gear, skills and items, what made is different is that the strength of the items and gear are affected greatly by the player's competence in alchemy.It is possible to create extremely powerful items (albeit in late stages of the game), which can end battles as quickly as 1 turn, hence reducing the depth and strategy of combat once these items are created.I would think of it as a (good) trade off though, those powerful items require appropriate amounts of thought, planning and skill to create, the easy battles are the reward of such dedication. Those who are less interested in alchemy can make do with normal gear and fight harder battles involving more strategy and planning. If you are still overwhelmed you can tune down the difficulty as a last resort.Quick summary of abovetl;dr : Relaxing game with happy atmosphere, and a great crafting system in the name ofAlchemy+  Alchemy system with great depth while being comprehensible.+  Alchemy system has deep impact on other areas of gameplay.+  Good tutorial which gradually introduces elements of alchemy and general gameplay.+  Generally happy, joyous atmosphere crafted with great style.+  Great soundtrack, a lot of them performed & recorded live.+  Relaxing pace, grants player great freedom without being aimless/lost.+  Good length (~40 hours), can be even longer if you plan your alchemy carefully.-  Light story, may be bland for some.-  Combat mechanics overshone by power of alchemy, if you do itverywell.Extra infoI'm rocking a i7 2600 CPU (Non-K) & GTX980Ti GPU, and I didn't experience any performance issues encountered by others. CPU usage is indeed at 100% when roaming areas/cities, but there are no stutters or lag. Your mileage may vary.Update : A patch is already realsed fixing the high CPU usage problem, thank you Koei Tecmo for caring and fixing this in a relatively quick manner.This is the 17th installment of the Atelier Series, a long-running fantasy JRPG series exclusively released on the Playstation platform until now.Installments are usually connected in groups of 2-3 games. This 17th installment is the first of a new series (The""the Mysterious ___""series), and is thereforenot related to the previous installments.The next installment (18th) is already released on Playstation 4, called ""Atelier Firis: The Alchemist andthe Mysterious Journey"""
76561198003174259,Recommended,527270,29874765,Posted: 12 February,all,CrankyCoon,"I took a chance on Atelier Sophie.  I haven't played an Atelier game since the PS2 days, but seeing how this was ported to PC and the price was right ($29.99), I decided to take a chance on it, figuring I could refund it within the two hour period.That being said, I played it for almost eight (8) hours straight in the first day.  It was that good.Pros:-Collecting items.  I love collecting items in games, and this game doesn't disappoint in that.  I remember seeing the 5,000 item limit for storage and thinking I wouldn't fill that up.  Well, I'm pretty sure I will eventually.  Items can have different qualites and traits, so no two items will be duplicated that often.  I love running around and getting the materials I need and to sift through.-The Alchemy System.  This is what obviously shines in this game.  There are so many choices and ways you can make items, and it kept adding layer after layer.  It can affect how you play the game, and can even encourage replayability.  This spills over to other crafting areas of the game as well.  Alchemy affects so much, you can't just ignore it or do the bare bones minimum.-Combat.  Not many RPGs have turn based combat anymore.  This one does and I like it.  When I first watched gameplay of it, I thought it was fairly basic and didn't want to try it because of that.  It also has subtle layers built into it.  You have to plan offense and defensive.  Plan when support attacks come up.  Determine if you can beat an enemy before it hits with a strong attack.  For weak enemies the combat is thankfully fast.  For hard enemies the combat gets fun.-Graphics.  It's a great looking game.  The characters are highly detailed and look alive.  At first the world didn't look that good, but as I hit the outer areas, I saw the graphics come alive.-Sound.  Great music, and since the DLC is all included in this game, you get a bunch more music you can choose from.  It makes the experience that much more fun.  A lot of scenes and areas have their own music.-Quest system.  I like how you can pick up what side quests you want.  You can kill enemies, make items, or do other things in order to earn income and items.-Rumors.  It's a small part which isn't mentioned a lot, but there is a rumor system in the game.  First, it teaches you some things about the game.  Second, you can eventually get rumors that affects areas.  You can gather a certain kind of material, or fight a really tough monster.-Plot.  It's not a plot heavy RPG.  It's a slice of life.  I like it.  It allows me to enjoy the game without being too distracted by the plot, but as you play the plot moves forward.  It's an open endish game that isn't entirely open ended.-Bugs.  A lot of negative reviews have complained about the bugs.  I have seen two (2) thus far.  First, I didn't get the DLC, but there is a fix on the forums for that.  So I was able to resolve it.  Second, a slight graphical glitch which was resolved quickly.  I have yet to crash.  Plus the developers are working on patches to resolve the issues.Cons:-Characters.  Since this is not a plot heavy RPG, the characters aren't deep.  One reviewer noted they aren't deep at all and it makes no sense why they help the main character.  But, that gets better if you talk to them.  You have to constantly visit and talk with NPCs.  The more I did, the more I was able to learn about them.  So while it's not a negative for me, it could be to some if you expect to be spoonfed information about the characters.-Controls.  The keyboard controls are passable, but are not great.  You can't remap them within the game,  so unless you find another way around it, you have to get used to them.  Fortunately there is controller support.  I recommend using a controller, it makes the game so much better.  This is the first PC game I have used a controller on, and it has been great.-Menus.  I don't care about FPS, HD, or all that jazz.  However, the menus can lag and show graphical stuttering.  It's not a gameplay killer, it's just annoying, especially since you are in certain menus a whole lot.If you are a old fan of Atelier games, or starting new, I would say this is a good game to pick up.  The price is great, especially with all of the DLC.  It's also one of the best ports I have seen from console to PC, which I typically don't like.However, I recommend you play it for 1.5 hours to make sure you aren't experiencing any bugs.  If you are, either return it, or wait until the bugs are resolved.-Update-So I just beat the game.  A few things I want to point out.-I beat the game on normal and didn't unlock all of the stuff I could make.  So you can easily bump up the difficulity and require everything be unlocked.  There is also the dungeons afterwards.-Character depth becomes much more once you start to talk to the characters and get events going.  So to me it was a big plus.-The lag was killer when using alchemy towards the end.  It was a pain to switch items, search lists, etc.  It did get bad.  I keep hearing of fixes, but it didn't bother me enough to do so.-Once the story started, the plot was thin.  However, the battles were a lot of fun and a great end boss battle.It's rare I finish a game.  I played this one straight through and it was totally worth it.  Get this game!  I want more of these games on Steam."
,Recommended,527270,29864765,Posted: 11 February,all,Coy,"I never played a game from the series before. I found this game to be very enjoyable. Here's some thoughts on different aspects of the game.Port: I didn't have many issues with the port. There was some areas where I'd experience frame lag running around, but it was always fleeting and never impactful. I used the Steam Controller to play, so I can't speak on the keyboard controls, although there was one instance where my controller became stuck in it's default layout instead of the one I used for the game and I had to manuever to save the game using the keyboard so I could restart the client without losing progress and I found the default keyboard controls incredibly unintuitive, but I believe you can just remap them if you were planning to use the keyboard as your main controller.Story: The story is very character-focused. The over-arching plot wasn't very intriguing and I never felt in a hurry to find out what happens next. However, the characters were really cute and funny and interesting. I definitely had my favorites among them and progressing their individual stories was fun. But the main plot and the last boss and such was more like it was just also there. Not a big important thing I cared about.Combat: The combat was pretty okay. I don't know what it'd actually be classified as, but each character gets 1 turn per round and you decide all their actions at the beginning of the round and then they play out based on their action and speed. The core of the combat revolves around the Offensive and Defensive stances and the support actions they enable. More of these mechanics unlock as you progress in the game and it was all very intuitive and easy to pick up. In the mid-late game you have a lot of options in combat especially with the multitude of items available to keep combat very strategic and the later bosses can definitely be challenging if you neglect the game mechanics or don't work on your alchemy to make better armor, weapons, accessories, and items.Gameplay: So the max level is 20 and you earn skill points past that to get extra stats or passive skills and such, but the core gameplay revolves entirely around alchemy, which, in my opinion, was pretty cool. Starting out, it was pretty confusing what all the different mechanics actually determined regarding the outcome of the craft, but throughout the game, you will make so many items, it definitely begins making sense pretty fast. By the end, I feel like a pro alchemist understanding all of the intricacies of the game.Replayability: Little to none for me. It was a fun game to sink 40-60 hours into, but I can't see what I would gain from going through it a second time, especially considering that now that I'm familiar with the game, I would complete it much more efficiently.Overall: Good game, I really enjoyed it. Don't feel like it was a waste of money and the price/playedtime supports that compared to some other games I've played. Not a hugely groundbreaking experience and probably not gonna end up on any lists of my favorite games ever, but still very fun. Would recommend to anyone experienced with and looking for a new JRPG, but probably not to someone unfamiliar with the genre."
76561198053843295,Recommended,527270,34486087,Posted: 25 August,all,Golbez,"A Game that is the Best Start for New Atelier PlayersIntroductionFor those of you who're unaware, Atelier is a long running franchise of ""crafting"" games that also involves dungeon crawling with a story added. Various sidequests, craftables, and much more keep the game from becoming too stale, but will tax people who don't like the slow pace.This game I'm sorry to say, is not, and will not be for everyone. This game falls under a niche that many find boring, and by others, unnecessary. For those of you who continue to read this Review of course, I will do my best to convey why I love this game, and why I think it's the best starting point for new Atelier series players.With that, I shall begin.StoryIn a distant land far away, where Alchemy is used to help people with various tasks ranging from tiny to large, a young girl is working hard at her Alchemy just as her Grandmother used to.Enter Sophie, our main protagonist. She's a fun-loving, adventerous, friendly girl whose goal is to become a renowned Alchemist, and to help the people in her town. Upon discovering a book that seemed to have been left untouched, Sophie attempts to investigate it. The Book suddenly springs to life and begins flying! Sophie is taken aback when the book begins speaking to her. After an interesting conversation, Sophie realizes that when she writes new recipes into the book, it recalls memories of itself.Thus begins the quest to recover the memories of a mysterious book, and to obtain a goal that almost seems childish: Help others.To many this is a simple plotline (which it is) but that's what I loved about it. It didn't have extreme drama, it didn't have over-the-top fights, it was just simple. This is a nice break and change of pace for me whose mainly been playing games with lots of drama or ""chosen one"" syndrome heroes. Such a breath of fresh air.The sheer volume of sidequests and characters who ALL have backstory carefully crafted to fit their persona is beautiful. Heck even some non-party members have large sidequests. It's completely worth it to go down a few sidestories for fun!If you talk to any veterans of the Atelier series, they'll say that Atelier Sophie isn't the best story in the franchise. While this can be true to a degree, it by no means lessened my love for the game's story and characters.Rating: 8GameplayThe gameplay involves three main categories which I'll break down.CraftingHere we have what defines Atelier Games. The crafting system is very indepth and daunting to some. It involves crafting, trial and error, making sure traits carry over to more traits so those traits can be mingled with traits from another item which can be used to make one trait which is great but now you need to consider the other traits oh wait i forgot about that one specific area that needs upgrading.......*intake of breath*If you thought that was complicated, that's the simple way of putting it heh. There's so much inception and careful planning of how to make these things called ""traits"" carry over onto specific items to make specific traits become a better trait its insane. I literally spent 3 hours making 1 piece of cloth which gave me a blasted headache at the end but with satisfaction mixed in.Each item has special ""traits"" with various abilities you can apply to items you're crafting. If you want to make a piece of armor for example, you'd need a Cloth, thread, etc. You'd then try to find traits that match what you want that piece of armor to have. More defense? Better Stats? It's huge.Armor, Weapons, items, gathering items, items that increase stats in fights, items that increase survivability, it's all there. If you want to live through this game, get ready to be doing a lot of crafting!There are various youtube videos, discussions, and the community discussion for this game who can help you out if you need it, so don't be afraid to ask for help or search!Here's a Tip: Use the Encyclopedia given to you on various traits and combos. It'll help A TONFightingThe fighting aspect of battling various monsters is turn based. Each character has a unique abilities, and you eventually raise your roster of party members as you pursue storylines.The strategy involves predicting what the enemy will do. Each monster has set abilities, and you can choose whether you'll be in a ""Defensive stance"" (raises defense during turn) or ""Offensive Stance"" (raises attack). This is crucial to making yourself win or lose. If you lose, then you're simply sent back to your Atelier while losing half of your items gathered.Difficulty raised means a few things: The higher the difficulty, the more rare drops there are. The enemies are harder (dur) but the rewards are more. I myself beat the game on Hard, and at times it was extremely grueling at times until I could properly figure out crafting. After that, it started to become easier until I could mop the floor with most enemies from careful crafting of weapons and armor.There are various statuses that can happen to any character, but break is one that can especailly be useful. This essentially means the ""broken"" person/monster cannot perform their next move on that turn, and take increased damage. A bar slowly rises on the person/monster which can tell you ""Ok, now if I break him here, my other guys can do massive damage"".If you attack an enemy enough, you'll eventually build a ""chain attack"" which means if your allies are in the same stance as you, they'll perform an additional attack/defense. This can be used to help severally diminish enemy attacks, or for bonus damage. The choice is yours how you use it!ExploringAt first when I played this game I was, ""Oh great, small, simple dungeons..."" but after a while I became ""HOW MANY ARE THERE?!"". While many levels are simple, the amount of them is huge. Each dungeon contains specific monsters and items which are used to help craft. The few areas that are revealed through sidequests can be enormous and be much, much bigger then their small counterparts.You have a limited amount of items you can carry however, so it's important to know what areas contain what.Encyclopedia is your friend.Items appear and differ as a day/night cycle which effects monsters and items. Every time you pick up an item, an hour passes. Monsters become stronger at night, but items become better. Risk or no?Items appear as either small glowing orbs, or large glowing orbs. Large ones usually contain rarer materials with better traits, but don't EVER think you don't need small items as well because some things are make and throw away etc. Luckily, anything you bring back goes into a bottomless container so also stock full upon going back!Another aspect of exploring is LP. This determines how well your characters do in battle. If it falls too low, your characters will suffer accordingly. This only is depleted upon traveling in the world map though.OtherThe final few things I'll say in the gameplay is that you can go through various sidequests for loot and character development, you have a Cafe which works as a type of money income by doing Alchemy, fetch questing, or slaying, and you can also obtain rumors which trigger rare items, or bosses to appear. There's also a weekly cycle which effects characters, prices, and items as well.Here's the kicker though that is why the game is the best starting point for new players: THERE IS NO TIMER. All Atelier games have had a timer/deadline and this one doesn't. This is the best way for new players to get used to the Atelier series if they want to invest in it.Rating: 8/10ConclusionFrom well-developed characters and sidequests, to the numerous crafting and exploration possiblities, this game while not for everyone, is a sweet little gem that you should try.Final Verdict: 8/10"
,Recommended,527270,30090307,Posted: 21 February,all,Nifa,"Cute game with cute characters doing cute thingsStoryThe story is kinda simple, Sophie is a newbie alchemist who want to get better at alchemy to make people in her hometown (Kirchen bell) happy. in the beginning of the game, Sophie meet Plachta who is a talking and flying book also she is expert in alchemy, unfortunately Plachta doesnt remember a thing about her past, so Sophie help Plachta to regain her memories by writing recipes in her book (get it Plachta is a book)rly bad pun sryand Plachta will teach Sophie alchemy to become a better alchemistPortDecent port actually, i didn't have any issues while playing this games, no crashes whatsoever (maybe iam lucky ?) the launcher only have 3 Settings, Anti Aliasing, Shadow Quality, and Resolution (Up to 3840x2160), No borderless sadly, if you using keyboard, you will having a hardtime, so play this game with Xbox 360 controller or PS4 Controller.Pros:Depth alchemy system.Day & Night cycle. you will get different monster depending in morning or night.So many items to make.If you play this game in really hard difficulty (Despair) it will reward you with better items and more exp.Rumors system. if you buy rumors, you will get material with rare traits or rare monster to gather/hunt.Friendship points. If your friendship points is high enough, you will get extra cutscenes and new traits for them.Soooo many traits to make OverPower Items and Weapons.The soundtrack is so good especially the final boss.3D models is detailed for each character.Cons:2d Sprites is 720p (PS3 Version).Very low fps in menu. (there is a fix in the steam forum, go look for it)only 2 (3 with DLC) costume for sophie.No keyboard support (like changing the keybind).i think thats it, thanks for readingEdit 1 : Add 2 Pros and 2 Cons, Add story.Edit 2 : Add port"
,Recommended,527270,32840804,Posted: 26 June,all,"""CRAZY"" Gaston","This game is actually pretty wholesome. There is minimal outrageous anime trope/meta/fanservice/other bullcrap here. There's a generous amount of scenes between characters, and it gives them a lot of depth. It's a pretty solid installment in the series, a pretty decent Atelier game basically.Though it's refreshing to be able to play a polished console JRPG on PC, the porting is not perfect. There are briefly some control jitters, and you might need to do a bit of work to get the thing started in the first place (C++ redistributables anyone?)So yeah, pretty decent. I haven't yet seen anything horrifying after ~40 hours, so I think it's safe to say it's a nice game."
,Recommended,527270,29767835,Posted: 7 February,all,Ana,"Edit: High CPU usage bug people complained about - and probably the resulting frame drops they had - seems to be fixed with the new patch, dropped from 70% constantly to around 10 for me.I completely missed that Atelier on PC was going to be a thing. They really didn't bother with a lot of marketing and I hope that doesn't keep Firis from being ported.Anyway, it's KT so the port is a bit shaky but still plays fine for me (none of the stuttering others reported, maybe fixed by now, maybe my hardware). The launcher is barebones; doesn't support many relolutions, keyboard works but I didn't find any keybinds, so a controller is pretty much required if you want to play it hassle-free. There's also no native borderless windowed mode but the Borderless Gaming app works fine with it. Both English and Japanese dubs are included and selectable in-game.The game itself is absolutely great and one of my favorites in a series of fairly unique and laid-back jrpgs. It's also canonically independent from the titles that came before, so it's a perfect starting point for newcomers to the series."
76561197990801230,Recommended,527270,32953674,Posted: 28 June,all,Piorn,"Honestly, just a jolly good time. Hoard a bunch of materials, craft stuff for people and discover new recipes to craft. It feels a lot like ""Recettear"" or ""Kamidori Alchemy Meister"", but the crafting has a surprising amount of depth, with different materials, traits and quality levels to consider.The combat is pretty standard turn-based jrpg stuff, but with some nice twists, like the support skills, to keep it from getting boring.The characters are charming, but nothing ground-breaking. Still, the cast offers a decent variety of people to interact and befriend, which are a joy to interact with.If you're in the mood for a more relaxed sort of jrpg, this is for you."
,Recommended,527270,34121980,Posted: 9 August,all,[XOF] Plutia,Sophie cuteness gave me a new meaning of lifeBarrel
,Recommended,527270,29844153,Posted: 11 February,all,Ellye,"There's no keybinding mappings for keyboard; you have to use the defaults keybinds (I didn't like them) or use something like AutoHotKey.Other than that: the game is really good, the port works nicely, and it's nice to finally have Atelier on the PC."
,Recommended,527270,29769792,Posted: 7 February,all,Altair,"The Atelier series finally debut on Steam with Atelier Sophie!A generally agreed upon lack luster installation to the long standing franchise. Don't let that title fool you, Atelier Sophie is far from being a bad game, however it also doesn't meant that it's a great game either. Sophie rests comfortably within the 'okay to good' range on the spectrum but with a lack of context to the series, the game can be a great starting place for beginners.First, let's briefly talk about the pros and cons before talking more indepth about the game.~Brief Pros~- The Alchemy system is arguably at it's best.- Character models look amazing.- The game (not the menu at the moment) run at a steady 50-60 FPS, even on average computers.- Good old Atelier soundtrack.- TURN BASED BATTLE SYSTEMS.~Brief Cons~- Characters are bland, even more so in this game.- No direction whatsoever, even with the lack of plot.- Menu hovers below 30 fps.- Battle system is a step down from most turn based battle systems.The Atelier series does not have a particularly engaging battle system or story. Instead, the series relies heavily on self motivation, similar to how you would in an sandbox RPG. While there is a linearity to it, Sophie has a pseudo-sandbox in that you are free to do whatever you want whenever you want so long as you follow Plachta's ingredients. The game does little to advise you on what to do that it feels like there is nothing to do but mindlessly grind despite there being character and story events randomly placed.Where the game truly shines, and is emphasized with this entry, is the Alchemy system. The game is called 'The Alchemist of the Mysterious Book' after all! Each item you pick up or loot has special traits and quality that influence the items you produce, with each item requiring certain catalysts or ingredients to make. The system gets complex once you realize that you can convert weapons to raw material and carry over extremely coveted traits. Suffice to say, once you figure out the ins and outs of Alchemy, you'll find that the deep, complexity is almost addicting and the desire to create the very best equips become almost an obsession. Of course, this is all optional so long as you stick to the main storyline and regular difficulty.The battle system is an extension of Alchemy. You fight monsters to get more materials and with the new items you make you try to sweep the monsters even faster. It's important to know that upgrading your weapons and armor is just as important as building new bombs to clear mobs. There isn't much to say other than 'it's a battle system', but Sophie tries to reintroduce Offense and Defense stance that you might compare to Paradigms in FFXIII (and drawing comparisons to XIII isn't a good thing). This makes the battle system too straightforward for some, but as long as you stick around your level it should be okay at best. Luckily, Spring Wind Skylark is amazing to listen to which helps the monotonous grind a bit more easier.Unfortunately, yes. The characters are nothing special but the designs are absolutely lovely to look at. Atelier Sophie has the benefit(?) of having two illustrators known for their aesthetics and vibrants colors that should reflect the casual SoL that Atelier Sophie tries to promote. The characters feel more like a backdrop as there are more emphasis on Sophie and Plachta, but even then it feels like they didn't do a stellar job at developing the deutagonists that well either. On my end, I absolutely love the cuteness of Sophie and Plachta acts as a very good foil and support to her antics. The duality is done relatively fine in some occasions but otherwise is just the usual JRPG fluff.All in all, Atelier Sophie is an okay game. It has pros and cons, but I recommend you give the Atelier series a chance with Sophie. If you liked the game, know that this is considered one of the 'okay-est' entry to the series. If you can, please take a look at the Arland and Dusk series, as well as keeping an eye out for Atelier Firis which is definitely a step up from Sophie."
76561198060937112,Recommended,527270,32603359,Posted: 20 June,all,Glitter Heart,"Things I enjoyed about this game.--------------------------------------Addicting, relaxing and fun gameplay.Excellent music/soundtrack it really fits the tone and setting well.Decent combat system, although I thought the combat was better in Atelier Shallie.Characters are fun to interact with and events are regular and entertaining.Sophie is a decent protagonist, and I like the interaction between her and Plachta.Performance is excellent, the game never really falls below 60fps, though I do have a powerful PC.Sophie has a decent Voice Actress. If it’s who I think it is then she did the dub for Nepgear in the Neptunia series. 😊"
,Recommended,527270,33084814,Posted: 1 July,all,Doki Doki Literature Club,"I have always been an Atelier fan ever since their ""rebirth"" to a more light hearted game in the arland series. I have played all trilogies of the Arland and Ayesha and Escha and Logy in the Dusk series. So it is safe to say that I have quite abit of experienced, if I do say so myself.This review is for the fans who never knew what the atelier series is aboutAtelier Sophie is the first entry to the Mysterious series and is the first to be ported to the PC. Ever since the Arland trilogy, the atelier series has been fairly lighthearted  with their storylines (no more saving the world kind of thing, and even if it did it was always in a more ""subtle"" manner) Atelier Sophie is no different, in fact it can't even be more lighthearted even if it tries too. You are an Alchemist in a small town of Kirchen Bell and the direction of the stories always stayed simple and never tried to do something grandiose. Which is totally fine for me. Though, this could be a turn off to you people who wanted a more ""serious"" storyline.The gameplay is where the Atelier series really shows its charm. To be precise, the alchemic system. The system can be daunting for new timer who have no idea what to do, but it is very easy to study and can be VERY rewarding. Most of the enjoyment of this game is derived from this system alone. The combat is fun but it isn't the mainpiece of the game. It isn't forgettable but it really isnt nothing special.So, what do I think of Atelier Sophie?I think it's a great game, it never tried to be anything it wasnt and it stick to it fundamental core from beginning to end, it plays it's strength. By the end of it, it leaves you this warm and fluffy feeling and that for me, is what an Atelier game is all about."
,Recommended,527270,29923219,Posted: 14 February,all,Doko,"Behold the power of alchemyI fell in love with Atelier series ever since Totori existed. I personally don't play games much on consoles, and Arland series is the sole reason I had to buy a PS3. So of course I'm extremely biased when I wrote this review. But read on, I will try to provide information as simple as possible with following points.+ This series is very long-running. Atelier Sophie is A17, the next entry (Firis) is A18.+ The gameplay is indeed JRPG, incredibly deep but not in combat. It's in the alchemy system instead, all other RPG elements such as leveling, combat, exploring all have scoped mainly into alchemy. If you have time, you should take a look at Guides section in this game's Community area for more in-depth observations.+ Atelier Sophie, while being A17 (17th in the series), is the first in a group called ""Mysterious"" trilogy. Yes, that's how recently released Atelier games are grouped into (the previous one is Dusk, furthermore is Arland). So this is a good start for you to get into the series on PC.+ The whole franchise is well-known for its excellent music, and recent games are well-known for great character design from famous artists in Japan.+ Many DLCs are included. However you have to get a simple patch (posted in Disscussion section), while being only half-priced, compared to console version.+ The PC port is actually good. Yes there're some hiccups here and there but KT listened and patched some serious issues such as high CPU usage. Aside from that, it supports 4K resolution, MSAA and 60 FPS. The only big downsides left for me are: No Steam Cloud and no mouse support. Please consider using a controller instead, it doesn't have to be an expensive one though, a cheap controller with minor configuration with x360ce is more than enough."
76561198143390685,Recommended,527270,30385079,Posted: 7 March,all,pianogrinder,"This is the first time being introduced to the Atelier series, I've heard about it, but never could find a copy of any of the game series in the stores where I live.I dont know why, but when playing this game brang back childhood memories. Being outside, being with friends, seeing people you know in town, hanging out, that sort of thing.The whole game is charming, set in idyllic rural small town and it's surrounding areas. The story is good, vast and interwoven. I always discover new things as they pop up as I make my way through the game.The alchemy crafting is pretty fun and is like potato chips, you can't stop with just one. It's that addicting.The combat is based on an offense/defense stance and depending what your stance is, different abilities are used.There is another Atelier game that just got released on steam and will be getting that as well. Thanks Koei Techmo. You just got me hooked on a new series. :)"
76561197970777348,Recommended,527270,29774146,Posted: 7 February,all,Liberty,"It is good to see a new JRPG series on PC. It is a good port, I can play at 4K and 120 fps with a GTX 1070 and full gamepad support.More JRPGs please!"
,Recommended,527270,29814982,Posted: 9 February,all,Ajie,"I'm going to devide this review into 2 part[If you're an Atelier Series fans]It's worth it. well, this came from someone who played the PS2 version of the atelier series tho. Anyway the reason why I recommending it cause it have a different kind of synthesis compared to atelier Iris and mana khemia series, and it's quite fun. I also like the battle system too. The soundtrack is nice, the animation is also nice. Sure there's a few bug and there's no keymapping for you who uses keyboard to play games (like I do), but in my opinion it's tolerable (please note that I also have a high tolerance toward bugs in games).[If you knew nothing about the Atelier Series]I suggested that you reconsider on buying it for now. There's a few bug in which you might not like. But the choice is still yours, wether to struggle with us, fans, or wait for the dev to patch the bugs.But without the bugs tho, I'll absolutely recommends it"
,Recommended,527270,32830734,Posted: 26 June,all,Long Dong Never Die,"The game as a whole is pretty average for example the jrpg combat, animations, voice acting, and typical anime happy-go-lucky story fall into this category.  On the other hand the routine of ""Accept Quest"" - > ""Explore"" - > ""Craft"" - which you will be doing for the majority of the game - is really well paced.  This game is super addictive and relaxing to play thanks to this routine.  Little story bits are placed throughout the game and there's a decent amount of gameplay varirty.  So I would absolutely recommend this if you want to relax and like jrpg's or crafting."
76561198004701225,Recommended,527270,31667923,Posted: 10 May,all,van the man,"Addicting and relaxing. The game follows a cycle of adventure to gather ingredients/fight monsters > do alchemy and socialize with townspeople > repeat. It's open world-ish but sometimes there's as many story scenes back to back as a linear game. Battle format is typical of the genre, enter battle line up and take turns chosing attack defend item spell. The alchemy is a puzzle minigame that's got some fair depth/interaction with the main game. I enjoy myself playing this and forget to stop playing even after 10 hours straight.Port's only issue for me is proper controller mapping. Tip: if your controller's start and back button don't work, use keyboard 0 and 1.Important: if it's mapping your controller wrong like it is mine, the only way to skip the opening cutscene is with keyboard 0. For some reason the game maps my controller (standard xbox one controller) with Y to A, X to Y, and A to X, and puts LB and RB on back and start. I guess you can customize all that in steam big picture, but there's nowhere in game if you don't use that. So anyway that only bothered me for the first hour; despite the prompts being wrong, it's playable. Game runs at nice FPS and resolution, I don't get any crashing. (I guess the FPS was locked at 30 and unlocked with a recent patch? I don't know, but I've got enough frames)Game is adorable. Like the way Recettear is adorable; an optimistic child inheritor trying to run a family business. Watashi, ganbarimasu.Some anime industry voice talent in this too. I've heard a few of them elsewhere.I dropped full price on this, because I wanted a very specific type of game experience, and wasn't willing to settle for whatever $5-$10 thing I could get on sale. And I'm happy with this. This specific one thing is worth more to me than 6 ""anythings"" would be."
,Recommended,527270,30815934,Posted: 29 March,all,Purrmaid,"Atelier Sophie is a great add to the atelier series.I'd mostly recommend it to casuals, youngings or people with a weakness for cute games.It doesn't have a big story, and the characters motivations are easily understandable but not really deep.There IS a story there however, but the game is more focused on exploring and crafting.There are many characters to choose between for your party, from a gunslinger, to a knight, to a fat guy with a shovel. I ended up with a female-only party, mostly because almost every single male character in the game looks.. weird. The one normal looking dude is someone who won't join my party! (Also known as the blacksmith) The great thing about this is even if you don't use certain characters in your party, they will level up, and gain ability points together with the ones you actually use. So if you suddenly want to change things up you won't have to grind for hours for that character to become equally strong. (You will however have to spend time to create proper equipment for them. But that's alchemy, and you'll do that for fun anyways)Unlike some atelier games, atelier sophie doesn't have any timers or time limit on searching a field. One action equals one hour, and you can stay in said map for as long as your bags can handle. There is also different monsters, and different loots, depending on if it's night or day, and also depending on weather.There are some negative sides with the game I'd like to point out however..- I've encountered three different crashing bugs, which made me loose four hours on progress the first time. Which is when I noticed there were no autosaves. Atelier didn't crash often during my 70 hours of gameplay, those three different bugs happened maybe five times, but with no autosave it was always a risk.- There are loading screens or moments of waiting between everything. From one map to the other. From starting battle to actually using skills, etc. It drove me insane to the point I could only play the game while watching TV at the same time.- After defeating the final boss of the story, there are two bosses you'll need to defeat (that only spawns after defeating the final boss) for achievements. These bosses are extremely hard, I didn't much enjoy spending hours farming for better gear and more levels after technically finishing the game. I changed the difficulty to easy even and I couldn't even put a dent in the final boss of those two. (demon king).You definitly get a lot for your money."
76561198176479001,Recommended,527270,29781075,Posted: 8 February,all,EpicSolemnity,"Thank you for bringing the Atelier series to PC. Been waiting for it for ages.Good PC port so far. Great graphic, as the port lets to pick the settings. Good game with enough content for you to play. It's a laid back, slice of life, comfort and stress free game for me. I could play it for hours. The plot started out slow, but builds up somewhere in the middle. It's interesting enough to let you keep playing.Camera is slow in my opinion, only option to adjust it the reverse option, but not the speed of the camera. No auto text in this game it seems. You have to click through all of them. Overall, pretty good game so far. Glad I bought it and glad that the series has finally been brought to PC. THank you!"
,Recommended,527270,29768861,Posted: 7 February,all,dontran726,"An Atelier game on PC, PogChamp!tl;dr: [KT pushed a patch, bugs fixed] If you are new to the series you can play this game without having to play the others as there are no prerequisites for doing so. It's Atelier on PC, just buy it already! Also controllers are a MUST!In a small town of Kirchen Bell, you play as the novice alchemist, Sophie Neuenmuller. Known for her sloppy and clumsy work, she hopes to become a legendary alchemist just like her grandma. Without a mentor, though (grandma passed away) her current alchemy skills lack the experience to do most of the recipes, and fails them every time. Until one day, a mysterious book (hence the title) suddenly starts flying and talking to her. Stunned with these events, the book has lost her memories. Sophie being the good girl she is, offers to restore the lost memories in exchange for a mentor.~ This is the 17th main game in the Atelier series and is the 1st of the Mysterious arc trilogy ~The good stuff:+ Dual audio (Japanese voices + ENG voices)+ Soundtrack has that Atelier vibe to it+ Performance is good (65 FPS+ @ 1080P MAXED)+ Supports 720P, 900P, 1080P, 1440P, 4K resolution+ Voice cast: I like the ENG cast better than the Jap (Christine Marie Cabanos voiced Sophie and Nepgear (Neptunia series))Specs: Intel® Xeon® E5-2623 v4 @ 2.60 GHz30 GB RAMNVIDIA P5000 (16GB VRAM)The bad stuff:- Story/plot is weak- Graphics are a bit dated (Vita ports are holding the graphics potential in what the devs can do, but not a deal breaker)- No Steam cloud + no trading cards (remember to backup your saves often)- Controllers are a MUST! (can't rebind keys also)Final thoughts:The Atelier series is well known and well received in the JRPG community. Having said that, the story is nothing to write home about and is considered one of the few weaker games in the series. However, since this is Koei Tecmo first Atelier port to PC, I recommend buying it, in order to convince them to port more Atelier games in the future. The initial release wasn't so smooth the first week however that has been fixed (high CPU usage when game got released, now fixed)Atelier Firis which is their next game, comes out to PC 1 month later (March 7). You pretty much need to finish this game before you can play the next one.This review will update when needed...EDIT: Formatting, KT released a patch"
,Recommended,527270,31096590,Posted: 12 April,all,EvaPilot1,"This is a good game, if not a bit flawed.The gameplay generally revolves around collecting items, unlocking recipes and new areas to collect better items by completing challenges, and using your collected items to create better and more powerful equipment and items with alchemy to use in battles.As you spend your day in town you'll get little sprinklings of character interaction, unlock characters for your party, and you'll progress the main story by completing the challenges given to you by the Mysterious Book.I do not feel that the writing of this game is particularly good, but it's not terrible. It's also the 17th game in the series which makes me feel like the game could have used longer in the oven.There is also no time limit in this game, which you will either love or not. I grew to appreciate the laid back, freeform nature of the game but it can make the game feel like it lacks urgency, it did bother me at the start.You'll reach max level just as you're finishing the game, which unlocks a really neat character progression system to make your party stronger, which is great, because it's at this stage that battles become the main focus of the game. There's no story left, and the few recipes you have left to unlock require you to beat progressively more powerful bosses, and to beat them you'll need to make powerful equipment from items you can only get from from the hardest monsters.Depending on the kind of player you are, the endgame might be the best part of the game for you, but it does take around 25-30 hours to get there. The difficulty of 2 optional bosses in particular is so extreme I've not been able to beat them, but it'll be a good challenge for when I choose to come back.In short, this game's not for everybody, but if you like the idea of a laid back, lighthearted JRPG you can pick up and play whenever, you might enjoy it."
76561198079061265,Recommended,527270,34019707,Posted: 4 August,all,Ashcroft,"As always pros/cons.Pros:- Story (rather typical zero-to-hero and""friendship power"", but enjoyable enough to push you further to know what will happen next),- Graphic (characters looks really good I like little details like books, pendants or chains that hanging from clothes. Textures have little low resolution, but this is port of PS3 version not PS4 one. Skill effects are bright, colorful and you really can feel power in every hit. Game is Japanese, but looks more like West RPGs so you can play if you don't like anime-like style, even artstyles in important scenes looks like oil paintings),- Music (background music is pleasurable to listen, time to time i left game on background so i can hear calm, instrumental music while doing other thing on PC. Voices in JP are suitable, only Pamela voice was somewhat irritating. I know she is a nun, but i don't like when someone is talking to me and sound like she was calming an mental hospital patientt ;-p),- Great optimalisation (game isn't demanding, works in 60FPS on GF740M).- Crafting and battle mechanics (crafting is awesome, there is a fckton of options starting with quality, materials placing and lots, LOTS of traits to upgrade items with it. It is connected with battle system [which is turn-based] since a lot of made items can be used in battle or wear as accesory. 2 bombs can have different effect like stunning, DoT effects or even One-Hit-Kill),- You can choose difficulty in every moment (not in battles), so if you are struggling with enemy you can lower it to go further, but raising it helps you with leveleing and getting better items,- It's pretty long (took me around 30hrs to beat last boss and around 15 to kill all additional, DLC bosses and get all achivements).Cons:- Grinding (before it is possible or if you don't know about One-Hit-Kill Trait leveling up can take some time [i found OHK trait at the end od the game. You need to grind equipment quality to beat Rumor bosses or DLC bosses [standard ones are rather weak and can be beat with only little grinding).Highly recommended for all that like RPGs. It's way more ""western"" that most Japanese RPGs so you can play it without hestitation if you have allergy on JP-style games."
,Recommended,527270,29962417,Posted: 16 February,all,Minneyar,"You know how in your usual JRPG, you've got a plucky teenage male hero who assembles a cast of warriors that go on an epic journey to save the world from ultimate destruction?  The Atelier series are not that kind of JRPG.In fact, there's really nothing else quite like them.  In Atelier Sophie you play as a girl, Sophie, who was left an atelier -- an alchemist's worskhop -- by her late grandmother.  Her goal in life is to become as great an alchemist as her grandmother was.  She also finds a mysterious book that can talk and fly, but doesn't have any memories, and she wants to help the book recover its memories and uncover the truth behind it.That's basically the plot.  No world-shattering apocalypses or emo drama here.  The game play consists primarily of wandering around fields and gathering items, sometimes getting into fairly standard turn-based battles, and then going back home to experiment with creating items and learning new recipes.  You'll also spend a lot of time in town chatting with its residents, learning more about them, and inventing new alchemy recipes as a result.  The game's item creation mechanics are pretty complex, and you'll spend a lot of time standing over a cauldron trying to figure out how to optimize the elemental properties of your items.If that sounds appealing to you, you should play Atelier Sophie.  I like to think of the Atelier games as being a nice palette cleanser between playing more serious games; they're always pleasant and relaxing.  There's some very nice music, too.While I recommend the game overall, there are a couple of technical issues you should be aware of -- first of all, although it's listed as having ""Partial Controller Support"", you really, really want a controller for this game.  A keyboard & mouse are only useful for the configuration menu; in-game, there is no way to remap keyboard controls and it doesn't even tell you what the controls are.  This game was designed from the ground up with a controller in mind.Also, those recommended system requirements are no joke.  I don't know if the game is doing a lot of number crunching behind the scenes or if it's just poorly optimized, but you'll need a solid CPU and GPU to play this game at 60 fps."
76561198160868511,Recommended,527270,31775132,Posted: 15 May,all,Strayed Lynx,"Atelier Sophie:The Alchemist of the Mysterious Book is an amazing JRPG,it's gorgeous graphics,deep,finely tuned crafting and combat systems,complex,endearing characters and laid back story make for a compelling gaming experience."
,Recommended,527270,29930985,Posted: 14 February,all,Bananni Kablammy,"For those that aren't familiar with this series but want to know what the gameplay is about:Similar Games: Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, Recettear: An Item Shop's TaleI love the Atelier series.  It is alchemy (crafting) focused and has you go out and explore and battle to collect alchemy materials.  You must create better alchemical creations to get further in battle, which is needed to get past the monsters to explore more and get better ingredients, as well as monster drops (very similar to Recettear).  This is very much a slice of life type game, so if you like games like Harvest Moon, Rune Factory, and Recettear, definitely give this series a try--it has a similar feel to it.  Making an effort to go to different areas and reaching certain milestones triggers events with the characters in town, much like HM/RF/R.  Many of these characters are beneficial to your game progression as well, as they will sell ingredients, open up shops, let you save copies of synthesized items, etc.This particular Atelier game does not have time limits, giving it even more of a HM/RF/R feel, since you can go at your own pace.  There is no pressing need to meet deadlines, although there are a few quests that have time limits, but they are not super important.The crafting in this game is slightly puzzle-based, as each item has a color and shape (like a tetris piece) that fits onto a square grid.  You can gain bigger grids (cauldrons) by synthesizing them through alchemy later on.  When you place a color on the grid, the adjacent squares receive a bonus for that color.  The most filled-in color at the end of the synthesis process is given a bonus, which is applied in various ways to your end item, such as stats, status effects, etc (traits).  These are important because you will want certain stats on ingredients to apply them to better items.The game world, visually, is nothing special, but the character art and design is fantastic.  They really pop out with a unique style, very colorful, and each character is very distinct. The music is pretty good, but nothing super memorable.  It is pleasant and doesn't get annoying.Do not expect any mind-blowing battle system.  This game series is centered around the alchemy/crafting aspect.  You will come up against some surprisingly tough enemies that will feel near unbeatable until you start crafting some bombs in the beginning, and then the lightbulb clicks with the alchemy/battle/progression relationship.  It's a turn-based system, but the battles go by pretty fast.This game does have a day/night cycle. Each action and every location change takes a certain amount of time.  Because of this, it is very easy to play for much longer than intended because of the mindset of ""just one more day...""  Make sure to save often!  It is very easy to forget to save when it feels like characters and alchemy are being introduced at a fast pace, and it's terrible to lose hours' worth of alchemy, especially if you created something good.You do not play this game for the story.  You play this game because you like crafting and you like character interactions in the form of short skits, revealing little by little the relationship with Sophie."
76561198096783691,Recommended,527270,32910102,Posted: 27 June,all,Jian,"Great game, with lots of freedom and highly addictive"
,Recommended,527270,29909911,Posted: 13 February,all,Manoesia Retjehan,"Sophie is lovely 11/10The first time i saw puni i think this will be an easy game, but i was so wrong. This game is challlenging, the art is really-really good, and the music is calming."
76561198012155354,Recommended,527270,29770465,Posted: 7 February,all,puni puni [DEUS VULT],Now I can be an item crafting waifu and be PC master race.Atelier games are great and I'm happy Sophie is now on Steam. I hope some day all of them will be released for PC.
,Recommended,527270,30073841,Posted: 20 February,all,eightystrike,"Speaking as someone who has only played Mana Khemia 1 and 2. The game is average in pretty much all respects. I'd get it if you're at least a somewhat seasoned JRPG player starved for a JRPG, but new players to games like these will probably not be turned on by this one.The combat didn't have much options. You have the usual attack, skill, item, and guard. You can choose an offensive/defensive stance when deciding on a command, which affects what automatic support action the next character down the queue will receive from that character. The automatic nature of support attacks/guards make gunning for a specific character's support action less straightforward. Whether you win or lose depends very heavily on what you brought to the battle, especially since almost all of the healing/status effect clearing is from items.Story is not the save-the-world type, but a personal growth one. That said, the game several opportunities to do world-building. Though, that is a symptom for the Call of Duty-periodic releases of Atelier games and short development time.Music rarely goes wrong with Gust. Most of the tracks aren't pumped up, but that's fine in its own way. I enjoyed it, especially the final boss's theme that's voiced byShimotsuki Haruka.Overall, 7.5/10, must be at the very least a seasoned JRPG player to appreciate, ideally one who has played a past Atelier game."
,Recommended,527270,33691619,Posted: 21 July,all,Fire,Barrel barrel.
,Recommended,527270,30346372,Posted: 5 March,all,Rexx-,"I love Atelier Series.I owned ALL of the games so far..Especially for Sophie. i got the LE for my Vita (JP Ver) then buy the digital for my vita too (US) and also got my LE for PS4 too (fyi, i didn't even have ps4 till now but still get it xD) .-----ok stop oot.back to the topic, Atelier Sophie introduce us with new system Alchemy that more like puzzle now and more easier..Atelier Sophie is probably one of the easiest game in Atelier Series because it only have 1 ENDING! HURRAY!and most importantly this game didn't even have a time limit for the main story! so you can relax and explorin the game as much as you like.-----the gameplay is simple. you finish the quest, you explore the ruin and harvest some item, you make some item and some equip to makemy waifuSophie gettin stronger. simple right? xDso, if you want to enjoy your weekend with some cute girls doing cute thing and enjoy plachta butt then this is your answer! .but stay away from my waifu.---don't forget to pick up Firis when it came out! It have more amazing thing! already play the jp ones. so you will not regret it!"
,Recommended,527270,29955975,Posted: 15 February,all,Earl Kuma,A casual slice of life RPG with a hardcore crafting system10/10 would buy atelier series again
,Recommended,527270,34541209,Posted: 27 August,all,GameZard,"My PlaythroughYoutube PlaylistThe ReviewThis was the first ever Atelier game I played. After completing this I get the feeling that this game was a proof of concept. This game feels too simple and incomplete for a JRPG. The battles are easy, the story is near nonexistent, and most of the characters are tropes in the purest form. The game is about helping Sophie learning to be a better alchemist. The better at alchemy she gets the more of Plachta memories you unlock. The synthesizing system is very easy to understand and to exploit. Their is a time system for the game but it is pretty much pointless as their is no time limit in the game. Even when the main antagonist appears and Plachta tells you that you must stop him quickly, you can still take your time as their is no time limit. This game feels like a JRPG made for children with how simple and easy it is. I may have railed hard on this game but I would still recommend it as the game is still fun and it's a nice price."
76561198030486667,Recommended,527270,29771227,Posted: 7 February,all,Krissilla,"Finally an atelier game on pc!Currently, it's having some port issues: no explanation of keyboard controls (if you have a controller, great! No probs here)The menu lags terribly. The rest of the game runs perfect, so it's weird the menu lags.Synthezising also lags when placing the items."
76561198000841849,Recommended,527270,30168859,Posted: 25 February,all,Miqunator,"Cute Fantasy Slice of Life JRPG with heavy focus on crafting.Among the Atelier games this entry feels somewhat mediocre and in my opinion the weakest since the original Rorona. The changes to crafting and fighting aren't clear improvements, many of the characters feel somewhat bland and the removal of the usual time limit isn't necessarily a good thing (managing time was something I enjoyed and gave a sense of purpose in an otherwise aimless game).The PC port also suffers from some problems. Without third party fixes browsing menus cause noticable fps drops, 2D assets seem to be 720p only (PS4 version is clearly better looking) and a game controller is a must.If you own a PS3/PS4/Vita and haven't tried any Atelier games I recommend picking those up first (plus version where available), on PC however there aren't many alternatives so it still recieves a recommendation from me.Just be aware that this isn't the best Atelier can offer."
,Recommended,527270,29775669,Posted: 7 February,all,Byakuren Hijiri,"Very pleased to see an Atelier title on Steam. I've never really had consoles so I was rather excited to see one of these games ported to PC.It's a great game, it lets you go at your own pace, doing whatever you so choose, bouncing between gathering areas, slaying monsters, talking to the people of the town and creating better and better items through alchemy. It's relaxing and entertaining, very worth picking up if you're a fan of JRPGs or the Atelier series in general."
,Recommended,527270,33120477,Posted: 2 July,all,「ハナ」,You can change the bgm to Mana Khemia bgm
,Recommended,527270,33789691,Posted: 25 July,all,Zanster,"The last Atelier game I played had deadlines to craft certain things which always reminded me about my actual work deadline irl (which is bad). Here we have Atelier Sophie. There are no such thing as (important) deadline... actually the cafe quest had one, non-linear story (mainly for the side quest), and you're free to do whatsit on your own pace.The story isn't too bad. Nothing too special about it. Basically you're a plain alchemist who explodes the cauldron and later on suddenly able to develop alchemy skill with abnormal speed after meeting a flying book. Both main and side characters have decent development when you progress/complete their individual quest.The crafting system is great! Heck it's the main reason I played atelier game in the first place. I believe I spent a third of my gameplay just for the crafting itself. You can recycle synthesize item and there are variety of traits to combine. Do it correctly so you can achieve high quality item with desired effects and good traits, aka OP item.Grinding for cash and exp doesn't require too much effort. Play normal difficulty and raise it to hard/despair whenever the enemy start getting too easy so you can get better rewards. Material item grinding on the other hand it's quite pain in the neck.Tess is just insta-favorite. I hope I had the date ticket though, too bad Sophie beat it on us already *sadreactEdit : grammar error and incomplete word fix"
,Recommended,527270,33302374,Posted: 5 July,all,Cleo,I never played a game from the series before. I found this game to be very enjoyable. Here's some thoughts on different aspects of the game .Cute game with cute characters doing cute things ...Recommended >.<
76561198113191441,Recommended,527270,30181280,Posted: 25 February,all,Nihlus,"Spoiler Free.Atelier Sophie follows the day to day life of Sophie, as she strives to become a great alchemist.Unlike what some people say, the game does have a main story and yes it is linear. No, the story isnt a great adventure round the world fighting great evils, but it's an adventure non the less. The story revolves around Sophie and her daily life, helping people in her city as well as her friends, while improving her knowledge of alchemy. This is also where the main story lies, as Sophie learns more and more about alchemy, she is able to craft different items, some of them, required for the main plot.Sophie has companions who will join and fight along her when she goes out gathering materials or hunting for monsters required for her alchemy. There are sidequests Sophie can do by acepting jobs from the city people, some of them require particular items Sophie can craft with alchemy, while others require some good ol' monster hunting. There are also rumors you can pay for, which will unlock certain new areas, or cause a boss monster to appear, while others are information regarding rare alchemy materials Sophie can go gather.The combat is turn based, you can have 4 characters at once while fighting and you control each of them. Each character has different skills and carrying capacity (Not everyone can carry every item type Sophie crafts with alchemy). Every consumable item can be crafted through alchemy, and adding different traits while creating them will produce varying results, from healing potions that can resurrect to bombs that always crit.I absolutely recommend this game, I loved the character designs, Sophie is a sweet girl and I enjoyed seeing her grow throughout the story. The crafting system is fun and engrossing as there are tons of trait combinations while creating a single item.If you ever played Legend of Mana back on the PS1, or any Mana Khemia game, you will most likely enjoy this game aswell."
76561198204756407,Recommended,527270,33171008,Posted: 2 July,all,Estia,"Loved this worth every penny, a good game to start if your new to the Atelier series"
,Recommended,527270,29900789,Posted: 13 February,all,Sniree,"I knew about the Atelier series for quite a time but this is actually my first time playing the actual game.Personally I hate RPG's where you have to go around and collect materials to create armour but in the case of 'Atelier Sophie: The Alchemist of the Mysterious Book', the concept of collecting materials and creating various things is actually part of the story and it is necessary for you to do so (otherwise you won't get far with the plot)The game showed me a whole new side to RPG's and I'm actually quite thankful for that."
76561198011103097,Recommended,527270,30014654,Posted: 18 February,all,alex.elsen,"Extremely well designed game. The game is split into two main aspects, the alchemy and the adventuring.Both aspects are very enternaining and in depth, simple enough to learn fast but with enough intricacies and depth to keep you entertained all the way into later stages of the game leaving you feel satisfied.I myself find myself spending lots of time rearranging materials in the alchemic grid until I get a combination of effects and traits which satisfies my perfectionist attitude.I have not regretted buying this game, and I don't think you will too.(note: If you're running an extended monitor, you won't be able to save the config or go fullscreen at first. You will need to unextend your monitor or change it to duplicate display for the config to work. Once you've saved the config you can change the display back to extened or whatever it was before though.)"
76561198048513352,Recommended,527270,31929866,Posted: 23 May,all,Sheepx,This game was better than I though would be. I first started playing using the keyboard but that didn't work out too great. I ended up buying an x-box one controller to play this and it was smooth from then on.
,Not Recommended,527270,32688310,Posted: 23 June,all,Mashuqur,-Sloppy port-No mouse controls-Wonky keyboards controls-Cannot rebind keys-Key prompts are from the controller even when using KB/mouse so you either look up controls online or remain lostDefinitely not worth the price tag. Refunding.Might come back to it later if the issues are fixed.
,Recommended,527270,33623612,Posted: 17 July,all,✪ Lunaree,Fun and relaxing game
76561198023392456,Recommended,527270,31126837,Posted: 13 April,all,Shutterbug,"Atelier Sophie, the 17th installation of the Atelier series, is a cute, charming game that has you playing as a character with little confidence, and lots of positivity. I will admit that this quality becomes annoying at times, especially with other characters making comments about her 'ability' as an alchemist in the beginning. However, as you level up and develop your skills, the dialouge begins to reflect this and new options open up to you.I quite enjoyed the system for synthesising and the ability to get new cauldrons. At times, the game could become very grindy and I found myself doing the same things over and over again for hours at a time, especially towards the end. However, I did like that the days and times were not as important as they were in prior games in the series, leaving more time to actually enjoy the game and get into it, than stressing about whether I missed an important event/mission because I was out questing or synthesising.Altogether, I found the game very enjoyable and it is the first Atelier game that I've followed through to the end of the storyline, which, although predictable at times, was intriguing and fascinating. I enjoyed discovering who Platha (misspelt) was with her and the history of the cauldron and village. All in all, I recommend this game to people who enjoy JRPG style games, crafting games, story driven games, and are fans of the Atelier series."
,Recommended,527270,31606651,Posted: 7 May,all,TobiasFate,"I am gust fanboy. Have been playing gust's games since Mana Khemia. Out 5 i give Sophie a solid 4.I lost my vita, hence im getting this on pc.Ok, for the review.Gust still implement the days and hours system which I hate for most of the time since this will lead to bad end (yes totori, im looking at you), ocassionaly. I havent finish the game and all, (now trying to collect material for the key) BUT i have been grinding for levels and looting materials a lot in the game, as days pass, yet I still havent get a single 'bad end'.and if you been playing gust games before this, you can set the bgms to your liking for some nostalgic experience.cons:I have stutter issues here and there sometimes, and I had to get myself a controller since the keyboard bindings are insane. (iirc you can fix this using steam communities help, 3rd party software but i havent tried yet so idk much)"
,Recommended,527270,30955580,Posted: 4 April,all,CrEaTiOnZ2790,"This is a different jrpg for me this game is primarily focused on gathering resources and making new stuff that is how you progress in the game. I Love the Battle System that is the best part of the game, if your into Jrpg and want something new this is the game for you"
,Recommended,527270,35129182,Posted: 22 September,all,"Stones, Thy Will is Salad","Make bombs by mixing together leaves, seeds, water and paper.Then make healing items by mixing iron compounds, magical talismans, blood from your enemies and water.Repeat this until game is won or you die.Seriously though, the game is all about taking things at your own pace and learning how to use the ingrediants and resources that you have to make the best items either to sell or use in battle, all for the pursuit of helping your friend  regain her memories. Also there's no time limit, so just take it easy"
,Recommended,527270,29845133,Posted: 11 February,all,ueberdart,"I am playing Alterier Series over some time. This is done quite well. But its my first experience to play it on a pc. To play a controller is strongly required. Since there are no aditional informations for keyboard setup or controller setup, this is quite difficult to achieve. Steam marks the game with partial controller support, but does not say how this can be done.If I succed to do a proper controller setup, the game will be fine to play."
,Recommended,527270,30940705,Posted: 4 April,all,Arnice,"This game is pretty unique, i think to sum it up, sure you have fighting going on like a normal rpg game, but its mostly collecting materials for your alchemy. tbh, even the weakest of monsters can and will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ i had to run away from a lot of fights and fight things weaker that are not my level most of the time.I think this game is more for casual players, not those who are looking for fights, cuz lets face it, this is not the most ""fun"" game. I like the title music, so i spend my time on title screen, you unlock things at a pace, mostly via constant interaction with npc.thats it."
76561198086497943,Recommended,527270,33274244,Posted: 5 July,all,Rory-,"i love the atmosphere in this game, and the synthesize system is funit is recommended to use controller though, because keyboard binding is a bit annoying moreover you can't change itP.S : sophie is cute"
,Recommended,527270,31570317,Posted: 5 May,all,Diabel Elian,"This game is a pretty average JRPG with a pretty average story, but it's absolutely carried by the depth of its crafting system which simultaneously gets rid of the too-good-to-use syndrome that many JRPGs get caught up on and provides heavy incentives to participate in the rest of the game.Though I have to critize its after-game content for re-using assets and having an abusive difficulty spike. It's definetly hard to swallow."
76561198047545409,Recommended,527270,29893534,Posted: 12 February,all,pus2meong,"After several hiccups in my computer and I almost hit the refund button, I finally can run this game well. Not the fastest and the greatest visual in my screen, but decent enough that makes me saying: ""I want more Atelier series in PC"".To new Atelier player, you don't have to play the previous game, since this is a new timeline in Atelier series.Usually (atleast for now) Atelier series will spawn 3 tittles using the same world like Rorona-Totori-Meruru, Ayesha-Eschatology-Shallie, and now Sophie, hopefuly Firis will be in Steam too.This game is using time management, every times you're moving to a different map, or even just to a different area in a town it will cost you some minutes and even hours.Creating items, collecting materials for Alchemy, fighting monsters, etc will cost times.So, if you hate this kind of game system, this game is not for you.If you love to see 3D colorful cute girls doing cute things, a lot of funny scene (although Atelier Annie is my fave in term of humor), and relaxing story, this game is for you.NOTE:-You better play using gamepads, the keyboard key mapping cannot be changed.-If you're using external Digital to Analog Converter (DAC), there's a chance you will not pass the startscreen. Remove your DAC."
,Recommended,527270,30734214,Posted: 25 March,all,Rimuru Tempest,"""Cute girls doing cute things in 2017""If your a fan of the above then this game might just right be in your strike zone!This is my first game in the Atelier franchise and I must say, It got me hooked already! This game made me reminisce my previous experiences in the JRPG genre, especially the adventures and dungeons. The crafting system is nice, kinda similar to Kamidori Alchemist Meister.So far the story seems pretty laid back - which is good for me, at least, as I get to enjoy every moment of my gameplay. The conversations between Sophie and the characters are, in a way, cute and refreshing.I deliberately didn't read any walkthroughs as it might spoil my experience in this cutesy game.Buying it on steam is definitely worth it. 10/10 would craft again! :)"
76561198366614923,Recommended,527270,29852339,Posted: 11 February,all,boeypikyuk,"First Atelier game i bought, Is nice to have it on Pc.Hope in future all the atelier series will be on Pc also."
,Recommended,527270,29769751,Posted: 7 February,all,氷川,"Cute game, decent port (could be better though). Desperately needs trading cards and steam cloud support. I hope at least the next game will have these."
,Recommended,527270,29918027,Posted: 14 February,all,tiankongchen99,Please add support for steam cloud
,Recommended,527270,29766562,Posted: 7 February,all,Septoleyfe,"The gameplay is based on a classic JRPG style with several unique mechanics.About the graphics, it is simple; The character design and their models are really good.The porting is very well optimized (it seems that I've got at least 60 fps within 1080p resolution at default video settings)."
76561198030250504,Recommended,527270,29779683,Posted: 8 February,all,Heatgold,"Not the best Atelier game in my opinion, but a very good jrpg nontheless and the best looking one to date apart from the Firis which is coming in March on Steam as well. Also, the port is very good and lets you play at 4k resolution at 60 fps if your hardware is decent enough. I already played and platinumed this game for Ps4, but I had to support this lovely series, which is one of my top 5 of all time. Please support this series so that Koei Tecomo ports all the series to pc!"
,Recommended,527270,32956216,Posted: 28 June,all,Tyochi,"So what is Atelier Sophie: The Alchemist of the Mysterious Book?Atelier Sophie: The Alchemist of the Mysterious Book is a game about an alchemist named Sophie Neunmuller that wants to be an alchemist like her grandmother. One day Sophie gets a request about delivering ""Berg Medice"" to Mr. Horst, after Sophie got home from her delivery she heard a voice in her atelier that she've never heard before. Then she realized the voice came from a book. ""Suprisingly"" was Sophie in shock and told her friends Oskar Behlmer and Monika Ellmenreich about it, and how's the story starts.Story:The story is a little weird for me, but it's very good. At the start I think it was a little complicated about a talking book, but later on after I've played the game for a while (Around 3-5 hours) I finally began to understand games concept about Sophie Neunmuller wants to a good alchemist and help out townspeople like her grandmother did, and that she wants to get all of Plachta's memories back after 500 years.Gameplay:Since this is my first time playing the Atelier series I think the game itself is very good on it's own. You can do lots of things, and I think Atelier Sophie has alot of freedom even for a RPG/JRPG game.Atmosphere:The atmosphere is very nice from the bottom. It's simple, beutiful and sometimes a little scary. Almost every place in the game has its own unique atmosphere. My favorite place in the game is Prospector's Strand. It's a very chill and cool atmosphere and the song that's playing when you're at Prospector's Strand is so peacefull that I've fallen to sleep while playing this at 2 am.Characters:I find every character in the game unique from a single villager to Sophie herself, I think they've done a very good job about fitting many persons in the game without ruining the storyline. Their personalities are so diffrent and I think that's one of the greatest things about this game. I think it's great that the character designers have spend alot of time on the vilagers as they've spend on the main and side characters.Soundtrack:The soundtrack is so good!Battles:The battles are just simply like other JRPG games, which is good enogh for me.In the end:I find Atelier Sophie as a good game, but I think that the start in the game is a little to harsh. At the beginning you're getting a simple tutorial about how the alchemy works and I think that's good, but I think that they could have given a book about the monsters and what kind they are. It took me over 10 hours to find out what a Puni was and I don't find that funny at all.So in the end I'll give it a 92/100"
76561198088596942,Not Recommended,527270,29774024,Posted: 7 February,all,dellandu,"Edit:3. OK, after 2 MONTHS, they finally fixed the laggy 2D rendering. I will only buy this dev's game on sales from now on...2. The 2nd patch fixed the excessive CPU usage issue, but not the FPS drop in various menus. There is, however, a fan-made patch to fix that.1. KT pushed a 108.8MB patch with no changelog (20170209), I tested it, and nothing changed on my side.Initial:It’s a great game, and somehow KT managed to mess it up.At its current states, I can hardly recommend it to anyone despite I wanted to play it more.First, it lacks Hyper-Threading support. It means if you have a HT enabled CPU, you will experience ridiculously high usage and temperature of CPU. The walk–around is to disable HT in bios OR uncheck 1 thread per every physical core you have (in the case of 2600K, for example, you need to uncheck core 0, 2, 4, 6 in affinity).Second, it has laggy menu everywhere, including Synthesis menu. It feels like playing the game with 999ms ping, too stressful to me personally.Just stay away until they fix / patch those issues, unless you plan to do some cooking with your CPU…"
,Not Recommended,527270,29791033,Posted: 8 February,all,gimkim,"Even with quite High-End PC. (i7-3770k, r9 290x, 32GB ram)The menu is super laggy, especially the synthesis menu. Veny annoying and it's far too frustrating to play with this much lag."
76561197995647102,Not Recommended,527270,29766474,Posted: 7 February,all,Spiderkizz,If you have played this game for the consoles you will know how great it is. To be honest i was very happy when they said it was coming to pc but now i regret pre-ordering it. I would suggest to anyone that is looking to buy this game to wait till the iron out all the bugs and remap the all the controls to the keyboard. Also if you dont have the correct microsoft visual c++ you cant even get the laucher to work. They need to fix this or atleast let us know that you need a certain one. This game to me looks like they just copy the files from console and made it for pc. When in game what you see is the controls from xbox that pretty sad that they thought that was ok.
,Not Recommended,527270,29788097,Posted: 8 February,all,Sevintus,"Until the frame loss is fixed, it's far too frustrating to play."
76561197993818364,Recommended,527270,29814164,Posted: 9 February,all,Quetzalcoatl,"While the crafting gameplay is entertaining and satisfying to complete and the character interactions are okay, the combat is pretty boring and the pacing is a little slow.  The game also runs into bouts of stuttering pretty frequently and sometimes crashes with no warning.I'd probably go back and start playing again if they fix the crashing, but I've lost 30 mins or more of crafting on several occasions as a result of the game crashing randomly.Edit:  I recently tried to play this game again and it seems to run fine without stutters or crashes as long as I'm running it in windowed mode and not fullscreen."
,Recommended,527270,29775035,Posted: 7 February,all,ShinTheKnight,"A PS3/PS4/PSVita port of a Standard JRPG, with a higher emphasis on crafting everything you would need in an JRPG. It was great... until I checked my task manager.Atelier Sophie: The Alchemist of the Mysterious Book was one of those few Sony exclusives that made me want a PS4. I've seen an anime related to it, and adored the art style. As I heard the news of a Steam port, I was overly exuberant, constantly checking the Steam's ""Upcoming"" directory for an official listing, and preordered the game at first sight (with the other game I didn't care much about, but hey, 20% discount bundle, right?).The game features Sophie, an aspiring alchemistwho doesn't know s*** about alchemy. She eventually learns the basics, and has a dream to simply ""make everyone happy with her alchemy, just like her grandmother once did"". Soyou learn all there is to alchemy, and converse with an interesting cast of characters along the way.The battles are a blend of traditional turn-based, with some extra combo mechanics built-in. Very simple to understand. The alchemy mechanics will take some time to understand, but once you get the hang of it, creating items is as simple as trying to get that slightly better material, to get that slightly better effect.As a traditional RPG, you eventually save up a lot of gold to buy that slightly better, more expensive option to fight with. Atelier Sophie however, most of your shopkeepers are useless, and expect you to usually provide materials to be able to sell better gear.You'll be crafting your own weapons, armor, potions, and other various battle items most of the time.My only complaint about this game is the PC Optimization.Now at first, I didn't notice how bad of a PC port this game was, playing it in 1440p fullscreened... until Steam Broadcast kicked in and I could clearly tell my game was laging... Then after investigation,I realized any time the game runs a 3D Scene (including cutscenes), CPU usage spikes up to 90%.When within a pause menu, or the World Map, cpu usage drops to about 5~10%. Now I am running this game with an i7 4790K, so I'm going to presume players with weaker cpus are actually hitting cpu bottlenecks during 3D Scenes.*After Patch* The CPU issues that were an issue before no longer exist.Overall, Atelier Sophie: The Alchemist of the Mysterious Book is a great game, for the RPG fans out there who love to collect items and craft the best gear."
,Recommended,527270,31188415,Posted: 16 April,all,zero_enders,"At first, this game angers me a bit with its constant stuttering during alchemy and at some other points, but after the updates, this game is a lot more playable.A bit confused with the alchemy, but the game is totally playable without in depth knowledge about it (well, not for some end game content). The story is not so amazing yet enjoyable.As a fan of this type of game, i can say that this is quite an enjoyable game, Can be played for short time players (i need around 35 hours to reach end game content), as i only played for at most 12 hours a week.Try this, and enjoy the world of Ateliers!! XD"
76561198143169520,Recommended,527270,33053146,Posted: 30 June,all,sumone,Very fun game.But hard to find a way through.
76561198002675081,Recommended,527270,33600818,Posted: 16 July,all,KentuckyFriedBlaziken™,"Simply amazing, here's why:Gameplay: 10/10, I'd give an 11/10 if I could. The gameplay loop of collecting materials, creating new items, unlock new areas, collect more materials may sound repetitive like some of the reviews here try to say, but it is cocaine levels of addictiveness. If you're a min-maxer this game will have you diving down the rabbit hole to think up your own item creation path to get the very best stats. You make everything in this game: weapons, armor, potions, materials for weapons/armor/potions/etc. This means that the customization is incredible and you can spend as much or as little time as you'd like. This also means that you aren't ever locked down to a certain build or skill tree, respeccing is as easy as shuffling your materials and giving it another try.Graphics: 9/10, decent for 2015, added bonus for a lot of hand-drawn art and anime esthetic. Combat animations are fluid and the assist system makes the battle feel faster than it is.Story: 8/10, while somewhat predictable, it is heartwarming and free of anime fanservice or angst that bring down so many anime style games. What I really liked was that it didn't try to overreach, kept everything relatable and consistent. No world-saving angst to be found here, which is probably a good thingCharacters: 8.5/10 while the friendship system is rather shallow, the characters are distinct and you'll care about at least a few of them by the end (the ones on your party probably)Music: 9/10 I did not hate any of the soundtracks by the end of the game (65 hours), that's a huge accomplishment in itself.Combat: 10/10 simple and competent turn based combat. The major draw here is that you can feel the results of your meticulously crafted items in combat, as they often add extra stats, effects, and sometimes a completely different animation/effect! (One particular item summons slimes to drop on your enemies, but with a little crafting effort, you can drop a whale on your enemies!)Controls: 6/10 My only gripe with this game, the controls are preset based on a console port, and takes a while to learn. You may be stuck for hours not knowing how to sell items (press 0 on the numberpad)Overall an amazing game, while some rough edges with the control and graphics exist, the crafting system is innovative and feels fresh 60 hours into the game. There's always something to discover and work towards and honest the 60 hours felt much shorter. I never felt like I was monotonously grinding, there's always something I m looking for, somewhere i have to go, someone I have to talk to. Buy this you won't regret it, especially if you like jrpgs. I just bought the sequel after finishing this one with no regrets."
,Recommended,527270,33609730,Posted: 17 July,all,Evictus,"If you are looking for a game that is simply quite relaxing and less stress.I would definitely recommend this game.I am quite liking the game so far.the only negative that I really hated most of the JRPG is their controls.I definitely suggest for anyone who purchases this game to have a joy stick controller.Logitech F710 or any kind of controller outside the keyboard.Keyboard controls are literally a nightmare.I wish I could change or bind the key bindings for keyboard and able to use a mouse.********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************So after putting 44+ hours on this game, I have found few things about this game.I loved playing the game as it is.The game really pulls you in as soon as you start learning how the gameplay works.There are a lot of grinding and it's fun.Although even I enjoy playing the game, I still found a lot of cons in the game.I hope they could fix or improve the game which I doubt they will.-There is a bug where you can adjust the quality of the gears to the max.<(999) quality for people who already got the Eye of Mercury>-You can also freely adjust the difficulty without restarting a new game. and why is it bad? because it also affects the experience and coins you earn with the help of One-hit KO trait. But you can't kill a boss monster with the One-Hit KO trait or else the game is just too broken.-""Alt+tab"" corrupts your game if you are not using window mode so you have to start again.-Again the controls on the keyboard it's just too weird and hard to use so I really recommend using a game controller peripheral.-Am I the only one who's disappointed that Sophie got only 2 different skins? I wish they have added more or at least made 20 more avatars for her lol.********************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************************Anyways, even I hated those cons that I learned after playing, I would still continue playing just because it is fun for me.****For a game, this is definitely fun and I really recommend to try it."
76561198379585539,Recommended,527270,33049862,Posted: 30 June,all,perin_ko,"Yeah, no. Got stutter, 360 controller doesn't work, default keyboard bindings suck...Still made a good first impresion, hope they patch it soon.Edit: controller is working now, idk what was wrongThe performance is great too, runs fine even on my laptop"
,Recommended,527270,29766280,Posted: 7 February,all,=ImM0rTaLBB=,"THIS IS THE EARLY-PLAYTIME REVIEW.It's been like decade since I last played turn-based genre game. Hands down probably one of the superb time-killing game to enjoy(if you run out of game to play). The graphic is nice. Everything make me get the vibe feeling of God Eater Artstyle which personally I like a lot. I am playing with i7-3770K and GTX670 using the highest setting available there, no frame drop or freezing. The craft system is so wide it's quite overwhelming at first, but later on you will understand what to do. Storyline so far is kind of not too fast and not too slow to progress. I have nothing against using Controller, it's really easy to play and I can relax on the bed playing the game. To be honest, spend some cash on buying the controller won't hurt you much and have a better experience.However, the guidance for the next main quest/side quest or what to do next should have been better, so I don't have to blindly talk to everyone. The character gestures are repetitive, the company should spend more time making more animations in each cutscene but for this price, it's acceptable.Would I recommend this to friend? Definitely yes, and if you are into JRPG too. Recommend using Controller too.Gotta play more. But so far I like it"
,Recommended,527270,29885354,Posted: 12 February,all,Balakiel ~Sensual Birdfeed~,"Edit: Crashing has stopped completely, I assume the last patch was responsible.Pretty good port so far, has an issue with crashing that seems linked to my lack of memory (I have to buy more RAM) If it's not that I'd still save frequently just in case.The only other Atelier game I played was Escha and I loved it. This has a lot of the same elements but kinda drops you into the thick of things with little direction, or even plot (I've played about 10 hours and I'm just BARELY starting to see a plot develop) but the entire game is fun. It's just a lot of talking to people, gathering, crafting, enjoying nice music and gorgeous character models, then maybe you'll get a boss fight or something if you're a good boy.The entire game kinda feels like the post game tying-up-loose-ends that JRPGs tend to have, and it's exactly my speed."
,Recommended,527270,30364512,Posted: 6 March,all,☠฿₤₫¢₭₲±Ø$₮☠,Addicting game to play and has hooked me to play the next installment and I have not played previous titles so I have no clue about the whole time thing but I will say that it would take away the enjoyment out of the game if you were always racing against a clock besides all that this game is great port and at a better price.
,Recommended,527270,29857018,Posted: 11 February,all,Hackvize,Great gameand guess what ? Koei Tecmo really did care about this game .... :DThey fix many bugs from the initial release and some missing dlc problem ( Still no Afterstory DLC though )
,Recommended,527270,30383562,Posted: 7 March,all,Linken Square,"Great game, gameplay is very exciting. But it often crash when synthesis 5th recipe's item, which make me feels like to punch something."
76561198133684892,Recommended,527270,30380507,Posted: 7 March,all,Coolz,Pretty lit game
,Recommended,527270,29896588,Posted: 13 February,all,Sc4rlet ra1n,"-Cute art? Check.-Nice soundtrack? Check.-Atelier Series? Check.-No time limit? Check.I've been a fan of Atelier games ever since I heard about them, back in PS2 with Atelier Iris. These games feature a mixed kind of gameplay: you spend half of your time creating things using alchemy, and the rest running around to gather materials for alchemy, be it from trees or rocks, or by defeating enemy monsters. The idea is usually the same, however the Arland part of the series featured a time limit where you had to do your tasks quickly, or else you could be facing a game over.Atelier Sophie however, isn't like this. You can play this game at your pace, do what you want to do, when you want to do it, as many times as you want to do it. It doesn't have a huge, compelling story, or characters with rich personality, but it's a good game if all you want is to relax while playing something.While I wouldn't recommend it to everyone, I still believe everyone should try it, as long as they aren't expecting what I mentioned earlier. It's price is quite relevant as well, though it should be natural due to it being a console port."
76561198023197403,Not Recommended,527270,33696670,Posted: 21 July,all,BlackNeko06,"If you can't stand grinding, overly cutesy things, and unoriginal cutscenes or story - look away now.Ok? Good?Now on to what I think.I was sucked in by the promise of a franchise that has many games, about crafting, anime style, that was slower pace and cute with reviews that praised.... It's not a bad game by any means.... The crafting is good.... But ... It just comes off as too simple, and kinda forced?Like, all the characters, and I mean all, are stereotypes you see in many shoujo/girls anime:- Live in a quaint commoner village, yet everyone is wearing very bright/colourful/expensive looking clothes and jewels EVERYWHERE- Most of the adult women characters are wearing skimpy clothes like thats normal in village life?- Overly forced cutesy dialoge that if you've ever seen Sailor Moon or the like, just makes you want to cringe at the unoriginallity.- The nun character has the overly high pitched girly voice and character that usually, in animes, ends up being fake and the villain - every time she speaks I want to shoot her in the face and run away screaming.- Obviously I played with the jap dub, because the english dub ... *cringe*- Every male (except your friend oscar) is the idealised 'hot' guy ... ok screw that, even oscar is good looking even though they made him the obesse weird friend ... in fact there is not one normal or ugly character that you interact withAnd don't get me started on the grinding. Reviews said that the leveling and grinding wasn't painful ... but for me it really was.The graphics, sound & gameplay is great, but ... everything above just kinda leaves it feeling lacking.I'll come back to this game every now and again when I feel like something slow, but I wont be able to play long till it reminds me why I didnt like it much.First and probably last Atelier game for me."
,Recommended,527270,30004982,Posted: 18 February,all,Okyaku-sama Dozo ! ! !,BAE
,Not Recommended,527270,30506667,Posted: 14 March,all,Davey,"I bought this game as an introduction to the Atelier series and as my first I did enjoy what I played of it, however, this game is currently facing game impeding bugs on PC with a bleak outlook in terms of ever getting a proper patch outside of community fixes. Framerates are all over the place for no apparent reason, textures arebuggedafter you fast travel. As far as I heard, they ported the PS3 version of the game instead of the PS4, and on PS4, this game runs fine, so it's purely PC issues. For now I would not recommend playing until the community fully fixes the game's issues or the developers do, but the latter is unlikely it seems."
,Recommended,527270,29781669,Posted: 8 February,all,.★空山新雨★.,"Love the characters, so I think this game is awsome even though I haven't play this game recently( Still waiting for my controller,this game is NOT playable if you do not have a controller!!! ) And, I need Chinese...I heard that there's a Chinese version on PSV, so GUST,could you plz kindly give us Chinese language support? Lots of my friends bought this game, so I guess there're many Chinese people expecting for it."
,Recommended,527270,32903341,Posted: 27 June,all,The Epitome Of Human Trash,Sophie's thighs give me life
,Not Recommended,527270,29793880,Posted: 8 February,all,GEKKO,"Runs really badly. Like, REALLY badly on my i7 / gtx 1060 / 12 gigs of ram. Any system that can run Fallout 4 or Battlefield One perfectly fine SHOULD be able to run a Vita port, right? RIGHT? And yet with this port that isn't the case.It seems hit or miss, some people have no problems, others with systems far better than mine can barely run it too.It's a damned shame because I'm starved for a good JRPG on steam. Oh well. Maybe this will be fixed later. Right now I can't recommend."
,Recommended,527270,30383760,Posted: 7 March,all,K,Very Nice and Enjoying Game it takes me 2 days 2 finish this game.
,Recommended,527270,29784885,Posted: 8 February,all,らんらん,"Gameplay:The game's a bit confusing at first, but the more play it the more you'll get use to it.Comment about the Game:Not really a fan of JRPG of this kind of game, but somehow it's quite addictive to play despite the storyline is not that long thou. (Worth playing it.)Issue?:Problem is there's no mapping keys on this game. Weirdest thing is this game rans smoothly on a Dual-Core Processor, a 2GB RAM & a Nvidia GT 730 without any lag except with the video part(not the cutscenes). Quite ridiculous, despite the minimum requirements of this game is a Core i5, a 4GB RAM and a Nvidia GTX550 Ti.FINALLY FINISHED THE GAME WITH ALL ACHIEVEMENTS!"
,Recommended,527270,30593151,Posted: 18 March,all,Mirshann,"One of the most fantastic game I've played recently. It is a story/crafting focus game, with classic RPG combat. The crafting system is amazing, the gathering of ressource fun and well made, the story is very cheesy but entertentaining and the combat is fun despit being very simple.It's the kind of relaxing, casual game you will put hours into and having fun every single one of them."
,Recommended,527270,30473616,Posted: 12 March,all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"Before I start my wall of text, I'm a fan of the series as I've played all Atelier games before Sophie (except the otome game one on PSP) even the ones that aren't named Atelier. So there's going to be bias about this. I'll try to keep my review short.Setting/Story- The story isn't mindblowing or anything but it is nice. It gets better halfway through the game- This is one of the things I really like about. The worldbuilding is good as it is told by the (not so graphically pleasing) environments, the conversations, and the items.- You have an encyclopedia in your menu that shows the details of the items and places. The conversations in those make it cute and gives you not all of the details but more hint of a hint of the item itself and probably the setting of this game. I really like the small details in the Atelier series- Even the character interactions get better at halfwayTime limit- No time limits. That means you can take it easy with the story, the alchemy, requests, alchemy, and other stuff.Gameplay- It's more similar to the recent Atelier games. The usual JRPG turn-based system bundled with the alchemy system- Try turning the difficulty up a notch, hard at least.- The game gets better at halfway through the game as you get more access to items- Half the time you'll be staring at your synthesis screen making your ultimate item- The post game is where it's at. You will put your skills (crafted items) to test against strong enemies and bosses.Soundtrack- It's still the same people who does the music with the addition of a new guy from the Arland games.- Bretty gud. I like how the music is still reminscent of any 90s games and with more recent-ish style.tl;drThis isn't the best in the series but it's still good if you can endure the first half of the game as the story and the gameplay gets better later. As for people not familiar with the series, you might not like it as everything seems slow but it's a good JRPG to just take your time with if you're in it for simple combat and good music."
76561198365257466,Recommended,527270,29872461,Posted: 12 February,all,Saltedpeppercorn,"In general Atelier Sophie is a good game, the alchemy system is quite an innovation to other games.Honestly, after playing this game, I start to think of buying a ps3/4 just to play the rest in the series and the whole game of Atelier Sophie with DLCs.Talking about DLCs, I hope they add those DLCs that are already on ps4 for years to pc version as well.There is a annoying glitch that severely lags most menu actions including alchemy, which is not so acceptable. But considering the fact that it has just been released, I would like to wait awhile for pathces."
,Recommended,527270,29775503,Posted: 7 February,all,シュルシュル,"Atelier is the comfiest JRPG series you will ever play. Generally low-stakes and very relaxing.The PC port is pretty barebones, but it runs well."
,Recommended,527270,33391318,Posted: 8 July,all,Exolyte,Comfiest game
76561198326599118,Recommended,527270,29985570,Posted: 17 February,all,Primal,"An adventure i enjoyed.  Crafting, fighting, exploring + a very intresting story."
,Recommended,527270,34300253,Posted: 16 August,all,xenrolf,"Pros:- Excellent character models, including the enemies, simple (texture-wise) but very detailed and never tiresome to look at- Even more breakable crafting system- Includes 17 years worth of Atelier OST right out of the box, so if you don't like the OST (they're still good) just switch to other Atelier OST (from Marie to Shallie, no Firis though)- Less dependent on individual spells and skills, your items are your best friend and don't hesitate to dump five bombs each encounter- Combo system is fluid and doesn't need tinkeringCons:- Like most JRPGs, Bonus Area is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-level difficulty IF you don't learn to abuse crafting- OTOH, very easy Main Story enemies since they don't level up and by level 20 (without extra ranks) you can take anything provided you craft good items- No option to auto-continue dialogue, so either you skip all or accidentally make awkward jumps in dialogue voice- You'll be cash-strapped all the game long (without Cafe Puni exploit) since you can't really sell anything at fair price, so forget making things to sell, not worth it. Better do those cafe requests and main/sidestory quests- Weak antagonist (character-wise), and generally weaker plot structure than other AteliersUgly:- Environment texture is bland, really showing the age- Too much palette swaps"
,Recommended,527270,34818682,Posted: 8 September,all,Hime,It's a great game if you just want to take it ease and chill.
,Not Recommended,527270,29815051,Posted: 9 February,all,DoubleN,"Man people were right the game has poor optimization to PC, as frame drops are frequent and the port felt like they gave so little effort to port it at all... Many people have been getting crashes, and low frame rates of 6-1.An example would be my game as the game would say I'm getting 50-60 FPS but in reality im getting a frame rate of 10-1 giving me a stuttering effect...I love the atelier series but this was a lil'unacceptable...$30+ dollars wasted...""Plugging in a controller fixed my stuttering issues. What the flying ♥♥♥♥? Oh, and don't forget to restrict the process to 2 cores because otherwise it will max your CPU. Beware.""Reddit member [ColinStyles]"
76561198049030556,Recommended,527270,32052196,Posted: 29 May,all,Minchi,I would Recommend this game to my friends because it has alot of complex things to learn and also exploration is fun...
,Recommended,527270,34096152,Posted: 7 August,all,Tallcat,"Remember those Chicken Soup for the Soul books from the 90's? This is the computer game version of that. Every part of it is casual and relaxing, but also contained enough depth to keep it interesting for the 30+ hours I played it."
,Recommended,527270,34727422,Posted: 3 September,all,羅刹,Sophie is my official waifu now
,Recommended,527270,30388342,Posted: 8 March,all,Baruch,"Hitori de nayandeta yume no sagashi kataAnata wa wakaru kanaNee, watashi nani wo kanaetai no?(Kotae wa doko ni aru no?)Mitsuketai…(Isshou ni sagashite hoshii)Ichi kara hajimeru yoGuru guru tto kama wo mazetaraUmareru shiranai chishikiMasshiro na peeji tagutteHitotsu zutsu taisetsu ni tsuzurouTsumuida recipe no bun dake(Kitto) watashi wa shiruSagasanakute mo koko ni aruYume no katachi woLalala… yume wo utaouAnata no kanaetai yume wo kikitai naWatashi ga tetsudau yoNani ni natte nani wo shitai no?(Negai wa doko ni aru no?)Mitsuketai…(Isshou ni kanae ni yukou)Hyaku made ganbaru yoSara sara tto sasayaku koe niOsowaru shiranai tejunMakkuro na susu wo nugutteHitotsu zutsu shinchou ni tsunaidekuMusunda negai no bun dake(Yatto) watashi wa shiruAnata no yume ni kakureteruNamida no kazu woNijindeita peeji no naka no omoideItsuka kasure kieruSore de ii no?Musunda negai no bun dakeWatashi no yume to kasanaru yoKanae youTsumuida recipe no bun dake(Kitto) watashi wa shiruWaraiaeru ashita wo tsukuruYume no katachi woLalala…Lalala… Yume wo utaou100/100 bought Atelier Firis."
,Recommended,527270,31198150,Posted: 17 April,all,cldw92,"TLDR: Game is pretty fun on normal and hard through the storyline, postgame is an incredibly boring grind with only a few extra bosses.Cute girls, pretty ordinary plot, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ keybindings but I worked around them by using autohotkey to rebind everything to my numpad.Playing through the entire storyline on hard mode was a pretty fun experience. The game can get pretty challenging and it really forces you to think about how to chain together your synths to get the desired traits you want.However, if you're thinking about clearing all the achievements... better do it on easy, because the post-game bosses are incredibly hard. I found the amount of effort required to min max was ridiculous at post game, so i tuned it down to easy mode, but it still took me about 8-10 hours of post-game grinding to get some half-decent 999 quality gear to beat the demon king. Post-game trait grinding is ridiculously tedious, and to be honest at the end it even felt like a chore."
,Recommended,527270,29794152,Posted: 8 February,all,Telaros,"Beautiful game. Lovely character designs. Sadly badly rushed copypasted port of the ps4 that translates into the quality of you using a VCR to record HD shows on VHS tapes.Current issues as of 02.08.17:Art assets portraits, picture book profiles and still cutscenes are in need of updating. No matter what resolution you choose all artwork outside of live 3D models and FMVs are badly compressed to the PS4 release.CPU usage is pretty high, today's patch only added a bandaid fix for now. Sophie is a lot more playable though still needs work. Game would slow to a crawl to lows of 8-16 fps.Thoughts on bundle: Azure Dreams from the bundle caused my CPU overheating alarm to go off on my motherboard. That problem is being looked at by KOEI supposedly so wait for a fix else risk damaging your PC. This goes for high end pcs as well as game uses far too many cores than it needs due to not being optimized for PC cpus.Sophie is recommended if really enjoy slice of life and friendship building games. It sadly doesn't have multiple endings so much as just an extra scene for crafting an alchemy stone. There is a pre-requisite for that so be warned.Is the Bundle worth it?: Sadly, Azure is just too buggy and melts faces/cpu for me to recommend it as is right now. So go ahead for Sophie but give a wait and see for Azure  to be properly patched before buying. Too much of a risk for me to continue playing it so I can't recommend it.Sophie is a really laid back game. Battle system is fun and pretty traditional with just enough to make it a bit its own. If you want the most enjoyment do try the Japanese language play as you'll be able to enjoy more audio than not given as per the norm the English dubs only ever focusing solely on main-story plot.Warning for those who choose JP Lang: FMVs have no subtitles so do so if you have at least a decent understanding of the spoken language.For Cereals Complaints: Sophie not exclaiming, acknowledging, or even remotely pretending to take interest in the many barrels clearly within her sights. Not letting the player know it's a barrel is a blasphemous thing to do in an Atelier game.The usual characters and monsters stand out more than the enviroments which in many places feel like you're stuck playing on a ps2/ps3. Eventually Aterlier games' character models will be 12k resolutionary beauties standing amongst a sea of 1D cubes."
76561198159888927,Recommended,527270,30578625,Posted: 17 March,all,Pumpky Rumpkus,"Do you like anime?Do you like JRPG games?Do you like puzzles and clever item management?Do you the letter J?Do you like the letter R?Do you like the letter P?Do you like the letter G?Do you like Reccetear?If you answered yes to any of these questions, buy this game as soon as you can!"
,Recommended,527270,30031872,Posted: 19 February,all,Yurionize,"Decent port, relaxing game. Go to the forum for mods."
,Recommended,527270,30418718,Posted: 9 March,all,astaXR,"cute character, unique gameplay & alchemist system, fun atmosphere make this more enjoyable playing experiencemust buy next atelier series, if they are released for pcI'm falling in love with monika btw :p"
,Recommended,527270,29765655,Posted: 7 February,all,DivineDragon,Good game so far .Great to finally see the Atelier series on PC as been wanting to play for a long time . But with all good things there are some down side to this game that its on PC now at the time of this review .GoodMusic : Enjoying the game so far no issues yet and dont feel bored of it .Voice : Strange that I actually prefer the English over the JAP va .Combat : Simple and easy to master... or perhaps too easy...Crafting/Alchemy : Simple concept that almost anyone can pick up .FPS : 30 and according to some people there is a way to make it 60 . Im from the era of low FPS games so no issues .BadControls : WHY CANT I REBIND THEM?? (Unless you use controller this is no issue)In Game Options : Not much options and cant even change screen size/resolution unless done before entering game .Stuttering : Abit here and there not gonna be too harsh on this as its barely there . survivable .EXTRAFor Pc players press 0 key (zero) to skip the intro unless you dont mind watching everytime . (This was not in the instrustions for PC Keybindings that can be viewed in the game file)Recomended for people with controllers unless they decide to update the game so we can rebind the keys ourself as their own setting was abit hard getting used to unless you dont mind .Will update if needed . Unless stated so far this game is fun to me .
,Recommended,527270,29972382,Posted: 16 February,all,Shineek,"Not the best yet still awesome. Atelier Sophie is the 17th game in the long running Atelier series which are mostly released on Sony consoles. This time around we get one on the PC, so is it worth? Yes, the price is not too high and the game is not really that hard, yet it can be really fun for people who enjoy JRPG and anime about daily life, cause thats basically what happens in this game. Most of the time here will be spent at running around gathering ingridients, using alchemy to create new items, and chat with the townsfolk. Im 6 hours in game and im still in chapter 0 as the NPC's have a lot of events, and playing around with alchemy is really fun. So if you think about getting this the answer would be YES."
,Recommended,527270,30463621,Posted: 11 March,all,Suzuka Ryu,>Play as adorable anime dork and try to gay with a book11/10 SIGN ME THE ♥♥♥♥ UP
,Recommended,527270,29769771,Posted: 7 February,all,楪,im very impressed! for any1 wondering thr is 4K support for this game! im so glad i didnt buy/play this on ps4!
,Recommended,527270,29772094,Posted: 7 February,all,★TeburonTai★,"Always a fan of JRPG doesnt matter ported game or pc exclusive. I am among the few that actually likes KOEI TECMO games but steam got the information wrong about the publisher, actual publisher for Atelier Sophie is GUST CO. LTD.Anyway, I have a decent rig and managed to get it running at 60fps which is good altho sometime suffer a little fps stutter in crowded area but managed to resolve the issue by lowering the shadow setting (which is suck T_T ). Too bad about partial control support unless you got a controller.As always, atelier series characters are all cute and a good waifu materials so no problem at all. battle mechanic are pretty decent as expected from JRPG. 9/10 would recommended.Edit: Gust is a wholly owned subsidiary of Koei Tecmo, my bad. Thanks @SilverVenom for the info."
,Recommended,527270,29767875,Posted: 7 February,all,Shifter,Yay! Finally Atelier Series on Steam!!!10/10
,Recommended,527270,30137503,Posted: 24 February,all,不正,BARRELLLLLLLLLL
,Recommended,527270,29764348,Posted: 7 February,all,CrusaderEmperor,Fantastic with XB controller4k90% CPU usage? Fix bug KT!!
,Recommended,527270,29774093,Posted: 7 February,all,[UPRPRC] Yamato Hoteru,"I played this game on the PS4 in Japanese.Very comfy, great music, lush environments.Sophie is a very sweet girl.I bought the OST too. It's great."
,Recommended,527270,30695072,Posted: 23 March,all,Ma Nem is Jeff,"This game is really good, I love the gameplay and the alchemy things."
,Recommended,527270,30706168,Posted: 24 March,all,九十嵐寒月,"Touching a game, it's a religion, a faith in another dimension.    /(ㄒoㄒ)/~~"
,Recommended,527270,34405436,Posted: 21 August,all,Jacq,"This is a very fun game.You will probably like this if you like :-1. Cute girls2. Anime3. Slice of Life4. Crafting games (eg FFX!V complexity)5. Puzzle games (Tetris style)Game plays better with a controller. A few minor graphic bugs, but no game stoppers - they're all fixed."
76561197974775913,Recommended,527270,34519261,Posted: 26 August,all,PopGorilla,This is a great game. Story is fun to watch as well as interesting gameplay espcially the crafting system. Highly recommended for folks who are into JRPG or anime style game.The port quality is good making it even more worth checking out.
,Recommended,527270,34644332,Posted: 31 August,all,Secen3,The game is quite simple and charming. Will recommend for new players for Atelier series.
,Recommended,527270,34434167,Posted: 23 August,all,Hell-Bent from Hell!,The one of few times being an Alchemist felt really fun and powerful to play; and you can dress up your homoculus-waifu in whatever you want!
76561198718651732,Recommended,527270,34382410,Posted: 20 August,all,winniethepooh1010,"Overall, It was a great game for me! I have only played the Arland atelier series so it was different because I wasn't pressured to finish anything before the deadline, thus allowing me to enjoy what I wanted to. The story is also great in my opinion, although it wasn't exactly long. But the other characters stories also occur so its fine!"
76561198059589835,Recommended,527270,33750028,Posted: 23 July,all,Aquarius,i've grown attached to the character more than i expected
76561198024787250,Not Recommended,527270,35221795,Posted: 26 September,all,Pepperdyne,"Atelier Sophie is nothing I would recommend to the average person, because it is a game which requires endless grind and kinda like nothing else. For me grinding isn't something terrible and that's the reason I could enjoy it over the most part. But in the case of Atelier Sophie the grind didn't led to something special.Let's be honest here. The characters are all flat. If you think this is sad, then you need to know that the story is also flat. There are a lot of 'sidequests'. These are giving you an understanding of each character. Yeah, they all have a background which is the most interesting part, but even with all these different backstories, they don't differ in their final appearance alot. And that's weird, because they all have a different character formative past.The good part is the variety of different battle styles with your personal sets of the characters. It was enjoyable to fight in your constellation and synthesize the equipment for your squad.I finished the game in around 40 hours, but only because I rushed the last bit. There is a lot you can synthesize. That's in the beginning enjoyable, but in the end the alchemy part and getting all the clues for the recipes is timeconsuming. After 2/3 of your playtime it's just annoying. I skipped a lot of recipes because of that. It's not even needed to do all these to finish the game.Even for me the grinding in this game is getting over the top. I want to compare this to the Hyperdimension Neptunia Grinding, which is also a big part of this series. Anyways it was for me fun in the Neptunia games, because you know why you grinding this much (grind for far better equipment as example). But in Atelier Sophie you don't know why. You know it's the gameplay of the game and it's somehow important, but there is no reward in sight.I finished the main story and I am happy I did. Also if you getting ill (like me in the last week) it's a simple gameplay to just cure yourself with time. So yeah if you are a person who has patience and want a simple playstyle where you can chill and don't need to have a lot of awareness, this is your game. If not...well...then it isn't what you want to play.TL;TR: Good battlesystem, endless grind, less story! Be a calm and patient person to enjoy this game. If not I won't recommend this to you."
,Recommended,527270,29768642,Posted: 7 February,all,Jackzera,"Will update this later.Are they porting Atelier games now? This is awesome, played some of those back on my PS2, got everything on Mana Khemia 1 and 2.So far, so good, no problems at all, the characters are cute, the graphics are cool, battle system is ok, craft system is nice, but it's too early for an analisys, I will be back once I have enough hours."
,Recommended,527270,30182891,Posted: 25 February,all,Hartree,Well its good game.the complexity of the game is the bestthe graphic is good9/10 lah
,Recommended,527270,30230203,Posted: 27 February,all,Loot Lord Zelfia,This game was super cute and super addictive :3
,Recommended,527270,29764906,Posted: 7 February,all,MastaToken,"Game runs fine although the launcher is kinda lacking in options (resolution, shadows and AA up to 4x). No option to reconfigure controller like Nights of Azure but unlike that game, default controls are correct and works fine. Will update when I progress a good amount into the game."
76561198120439993,Recommended,527270,32966883,Posted: 28 June,all,yukkosama,Really like the Atelier series:D
,Recommended,527270,29768052,Posted: 7 February,all,Knurek,4kp60 with impeccable IQ.My waifus have never looked so great.62(!) hours of music as bonus.
,Not Recommended,527270,32968080,Posted: 28 June,all,rainefal,"Unfortunately, this game made me super nauseous. :(When you move, the character model stays stationary and everything around them moves. There's no way to change this, so I can't continue playing. I rarely get this with games, so I was sad to find out.Quick review of the beginning:Pros- Alchemy looked really neat!- Interface was pretty easy to use- Xbox 360 controller supportCons- Character mouth movements are really, really annoying - They don't match what they're saying, just open and close on a cycled schedule- The character movement mentioned above- Not the greatest English voice acting...at least in the first 20 minutes"
,Recommended,527270,29766654,Posted: 7 February,all,feilei,"Game runs smoothly, using a 3 years old $10 steel series pad and works just fine.I don't see any major bugs that everyone been complaining about.Comp spec:window 7i3960 gtx8gb ram"
,Recommended,527270,29800088,Posted: 9 February,all,zuppaclub,gotta create em all!
76561197974735696,Recommended,527270,29886529,Posted: 12 February,all,Viper,Don't talk to me or my waifu's girlfriend ever again.
76561198013453995,Recommended,527270,29793588,Posted: 8 February,all,Gothix,"Great game and port from the PS4 version.  Comes with the DLC.  Save often, game is proned to crashing and may use up a lot of your CPU at times.  I'm hoping in time they will patch it and fix a number of issues related to this port.  Your controller may or may not be supported, mine wasn't when i tried (Logitech F310).  Keyboard is easy enough to use after figuring out the keys to play.  Just look in the games install directory for the Readme.txt for the key configuration, sadly there is no way to edit these.  JoytoKey seems to work well with it if your controller is unsupported.  There may be areas of the game, with me it was with synthing, that the frame rate dropped, other than that the game played smoothly on my R9 390X.  The game only came out a short time ago and I expect there to be bugs and issues but hopefully in time it will be fixed."
,Recommended,527270,29795348,Posted: 8 February,all,adamuonikis,"Since i didn't have Playstation 4 console, im grateful this game available on steam.For first time it's crashed on my pc after minimize and close the game (sometime crash while playing) and it's run with intel graphic, (my PC spec: Core i5 4460, 8GB RAM, RX 480 4GB, win10), go to disscusion page and found some helpful tips.After playing it for 9 hours it's going very well with my PCI like the story, very relaxing and the character too."
76561198015283218,Recommended,527270,29790500,Posted: 8 February,all,movingtarget26,So cute. Love it
,Recommended,527270,29795565,Posted: 8 February,all,dbacher,"The port itself definitely needs some basic attention for some fairly basic things, but overall seems solid.  It took a couple launches for it to run, and once it did run it failed to recognize the Steam controller or the Dualshock.  It displays help and keystrokes for an Xbox controller, and the keyboard bindings are nonsensical and confusing, and don't really match up with any other PC game's conventions.  Since there's no menu, it's largely trial and error.It's about a 5gb download, and the graphics resolution isn't really intended for 4k displays -- the art is as good as in the previous games in the series, but it's clear this is an up-port of a Playstation Vita level model and not the quality of models generally being used on Playstation 4 or in PC titles.That having been said, it still seems to be well executed as a port, the series is good, and I don't see a reason to believe the situation with controllers and with at least exposing the key bindings somewhere in game won't improve."
,Recommended,527270,33435588,Posted: 10 July,all,CH3COONa,"I'm not really a fan of JRPG's and this is one of the few JRPGS that i really got hooked on, The story is heartwarming and great, the overall gameplay is nice, i became an ISIS member in this game just because i mainly use bombs in this game to take out enemies in 1 hit lmao"
,Recommended,527270,29765598,Posted: 7 February,all,azalanz,"support 4K, it have huge stress on the CPU, meanwhile the GPU never passed 50% load,  but the game runs smoothly on my system (i5-6500, 970, 16GB ram)I buy this game for the visuals, so I'm okay with the current state on my system."
,Recommended,527270,32795827,Posted: 25 June,all,GloriousChicken,I.... dont know....but I like it....twitchy eye
76561198065510340,Recommended,527270,32959738,Posted: 28 June,all,Doryack,it's an awesome game! i really recommend it!!!! =D
,Recommended,527270,29807490,Posted: 9 February,all,RendyFudoh,"I'm recommending this game instead of many salty comment about this port on the forum.This game is good, got no problem on my laptop (with i5 and geforce 750m), and no fps drop on 3d. Strangely, fps drop only when I'm opening animation for the menu while in game. Which is, it's usually like that since atleier game on ps2 console.And this jrpg is more like relaxing rpg, no rush whatsoever and just play with your own pace."
76561198121937790,Not Recommended,527270,33072893,Posted: 1 July,all,SMuG,"I played this game on my Vita for about 150 hours, and loved it, but this is a bad port that doesn't do the game justice. The menu is broken and the animations make me feel motion sick, very dissapointing because i really enjoyed this game back in 2015 on the Vita."
,Recommended,527270,29819598,Posted: 10 February,all,karankoron,my first atelier series since a10how happy i am when i saw pamela (altough she's prettier in a9)the only problem i'm having in this game is fps drop when synthesizing
,Recommended,527270,29784137,Posted: 8 February,all,Professional Tilter,Plachta is an erotic book.10/10 best book
,Recommended,527270,29838508,Posted: 10 February,all,SkyGT,"great game  fix the keyboard key binding and suttering in game, fps drop and so on and where is the full dlc ? i only see one dlc plachta's aqua suite"
,Recommended,527270,29787931,Posted: 8 February,all,MotS,"4k, 60 fps. Cute girls."
76561198093501886,Recommended,527270,29816076,Posted: 9 February,all,firiedemon,"there are some issues like it says the wrong controlls but you can find the right controls in forums like wasdqe for movement like usual okl;ip for like A B X Y RB LB arrow keys for menu use, and the video stutters a bit which can be fixed there are things in the forums about it and the developer is working on it as far as i know, but i love the atelier series from playstation as it has a unique mech that most games dont have"
,Recommended,527270,29805916,Posted: 9 February,all,• Miku •,"Good Game , I Love Sophie Voice."
,Recommended,527270,29794112,Posted: 8 February,all,VillaDanKnight,"First off here is my pc specsIntel i7 975 extream edition 3.3 base and 3.6 turboPny GTX 960 Xlr8 OC 4gb12gb ram 1066mzhwindows 10 proMY PC is a custom made Dell XPS Studio 9000  so it is a older pc made back in 2009 and have upgraded hardware installed and I Know that 4gb is in reserve because of a faulty slot so pc performance is drasticly reduced so keep that in mindNow with that said it only uses 50% utilization on cpu and thats with a few things running in the background and I run reguar temp so can't complain running with all graphic options as high as i can get them and it runs without any hickups or any graphical errors so i would recemend this game for many reasons: beautiful artistic graphics and smooth transitions, a little nastalgic on some of the classic odd movement makes it very enjoyable so far and it just pulls me into the story  now for the only con I can tell is I am using a third party ps3 controller that is emulated for xbox 360 and The ONLY Problem I have is rather amusing all my buttons are mixed up A and B  X and Y and the trigger buttons are the bumper buttons my select is my start so its really funny but works fineBut I will update later on when I find any problems and I will say It just got released so There is obviously going to be some hickups for some people for a few months so give them some time and a word of advice I would usually recemend checking what you have going on in the background and turn off any redundent programs because that's usually what slows down games and causes problems so make sure your pc is optimized for gaming before blaming the game with that said my current rateing of the game ( sorry about grammer ) is 9/10 so far and thats because it has partal controller support otherwise great so far and like I said I will update this on a Later date thanks for reading have a nice day"
,Not Recommended,527270,35153064,Posted: 23 September,all,generał lepper,This one is extremely meh compared to console Atelier games. Only for truest Atelier fans.Give me Escha & Logy Plus on steam instead!
,Recommended,527270,29815683,Posted: 9 February,all,Sanevy,"Great music, great crafting system."
,Not Recommended,527270,34692277,Posted: 2 September,all,Raptor85,"I love the atelier series, and i WANT to love this game, but it just falls flat of every expectation as a fan of the series, it's more similar to the nintendo DS entries than the fantastic playstation games, the rendering is EXTREMELY poor 3d, its pretty much a straight psvita port, where the Atelier Iris and the spinoff Mana Khemia games had huge, beautifully drawn dungeons this game has tiny one room areas where monsters and loot constantly respawn. And I do mean tiny, most areas take less than 10 seconds to run from one side to another. The alchemy is mostly intact, though a little simplified from earlier games as well.  If you're a fan of the grindier mobile games of the series this might be more for you, but if you're looking for the deep story, huge dungeons, and complicated but fun crafting system of the playstation games, this game doesn't have them."
76561198064304882,Recommended,527270,29799425,Posted: 9 February,all,TuturuSern,Make sure you switch to Japanese language :)
76561198208784084,Recommended,527270,29817624,Posted: 9 February,all,ianzero555,have been waiting for this since its announcement... great game.. \ >v<)/
,Not Recommended,527270,34388759,Posted: 20 August,all,HOLYONE,decent game gets to repetitive with the grinding and mixing of ingredients
76561198007330588,Recommended,527270,30058879,Posted: 20 February,all,Crisis,It's a fun little game.and has a simplistic story.The game has you gather and make items.it's not a bad game but I suggest playing it with japanese voices.As the english voice over is really bad.Like emotionles.
,Recommended,527270,29773699,Posted: 7 February,all,Druleigh,"Onyl about an hour in, but i do like it so far."
,Recommended,527270,30453543,Posted: 11 March,all,Kaas272,────────────────────░███░───────────────────░█░░░█░──────────────────░█░░░░░█░─────────────────░█░░░░░█░──────────░░░───░█░░░░░░█░─────────░███░──░█░░░░░█░───────░██░░░██░█░░░░░█░──────░█░░█░░░░██░░░░░█░────░██░░█░░░░░░█░░░░█░───░█░░░█░░░░░░░██░░░█░──░█░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──░█░░█░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░█░░░░██░░░░░░█░░█░─░█░░░░█░░░░░██░░░█░░░█░─░█░█░░░█░░░░░░███░░░░█░░█░░░█░░░██░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░░░░█░░░░█████░░░░░█░░█░░░░░█░░░░░░░█░░░░░█░░█░█░░░░██░░░░█░░░░░█░─░█░█░░░░░████░░░░██░─░█░░█░░░░░░░█░░██░█░──░█░░██░░░██░░█░░░█░───░██░░███░░██░█░░█░────░██░░░███░░░█░░░█░──────░███░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░█░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░──────░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░█░
,Recommended,527270,29817959,Posted: 9 February,all,Shadowrazer,"what are you talking about? the port is really good,, it runs very smooth on My humble i5 4590+gtx 750 ti,, now please port Firis to pc please,,"
76561198114486589,Recommended,527270,32778213,Posted: 25 June,all,Stranger,NIce Ateleir's series
76561198079192957,Recommended,527270,29800584,Posted: 9 February,all,Just Zoey,Just perfect.
76561198145481460,Recommended,527270,29800053,Posted: 9 February,all,[Youkoso].Suzune Horikita,"Didn't played any Atelier series before. And I don't know why I begin with Atelier Sophie first, even this game was 17th in the Atelier series hahahahha"
76561198009270346,Recommended,527270,33097666,Posted: 1 July,all,3Dguy,"Another Neptunia, a bad port with horrible uncostumizable keyboard coontrols and no mouse.BUT BUY IT FOR CORNERIACORNERIA IS MY WAIFUCORNERIAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
,Not Recommended,527270,29791068,Posted: 8 February,all,Hellstorm901,"It hurts me to give a JRPG a negative review, it really does, but this is just disgraceful.The first major issue is the FPS drop in the menu which is problematic firstly as the slowdown is noticeable and secondlu because this is a damn JRPG, you'l be navigating menus like crazy as part of the game.The second major issue is the voice acting. My alarm bells actually started running when I set the download off, the game took up so little room, about 4-5gb in total which is eyebrow raising for a JRPG.Oh no the voice acting itself is spot on.......there's just basically none of it. I am kidding you not, they appear to have purposely not even bothered to voice act some dialogue meaning when speaking to characters you will only get subtitles with English voices set on. Thankfully the Japanese audio is included and has all dialogue covered otherwise I would call this games release criminal if the English audio with such little dialogue was forced on us.An absolute shame and despite being a JRPG it isn't even worth the £24 they are asking for."
76561198281840119,Not Recommended,527270,30371030,Posted: 7 March,all,2323378013,就这破画面你他妈还走几步卡一下，你们现在移植游戏都不用优化就拿出来卖吗？？？
,Not Recommended,527270,33029234,Posted: 30 June,all,◄♥Dear Jinry♥►,Excellent Game butBug Eye and Eyebrow Character is Disappear T^TEvidence XDhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=959874669http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=959874652
76561197970547043,Recommended,527270,30259478,Posted: 1 March,all,Syad,this is not a visual novel game. This is a cauldron crafting simulator with combat.
,Recommended,527270,29765188,Posted: 7 February,all,Monterossa,"Another ok game from the Atelier series.The game was ported very well. No issue at all. Running at 60fps. The graphics are fine.In-game settings seem a bit lacking. Unable to remap controller. Can't adjust graphics options in-game. But they're not a big deal.The game itself is an ok Atelier game. Great art, world and character designs. The soundtracks are good but not as good as previous games though.Synthesizing is a little more complicated but not too hard to learn. The battle system seems like it took a step backward from the Dusk trilogy, now it's more like an oldschool turn-based battle system where you have to input commands for all your characters at once (like FF1 to FF3) instead of taking their turn one by one.The time limit isn't a problem. You have plenty of time that sometimes you need to kill time to progress the story. The day and night circle is kinda annoying since most shops will close at night and you can't buy stuffs until morning. Day and night shifting a bit too fast.Characters max level at lv20, with a weird system that you can gain Adv. points to increase character stats after you hit lv20.Overall... it's a decent Atelier game and a decent JRPG.But I can also say that it's the worst Atelier game since the original Rorona. Not a good game for people who wants to try the Atelier series for the first time. Not sure why Gust & KT uses this game to introduce the PC audiences to the series. It's not a good idea, at all.6/10"
,Not Recommended,527270,29781120,Posted: 8 February,all,earthchie,"I'm not talking about the game content.1. Laggy! - because of poorly ported. It not optimized to use GPU properly.2. No mapping keys, most gamepad not supported."
,Not Recommended,527270,29763283,Posted: 7 February,all,zarsie,"Serious stuttering issues currently. I don't recommend until they are fixed. Game looks nice though, so it should be good after they patch it, hopefully."
,Not Recommended,527270,32710407,Posted: 23 June,all,TheRyderShotgun,"Backspace is the jump button.Wat.I have a feeling this is a great game, but it's a dogshit PC port in terms of it's controls. Like the mouse literally has no purpose, you control the camera with the numpad."
76561198062797027,Not Recommended,527270,30594466,Posted: 18 March,all,"Sage Of Canada, Bobo Won",its good if you want to play an incredibly casual game but as far as I can tell there is hardly any story progression whatsoever. Good art style and fun characters but it really just comes across to me as the finest clay used to make a simple rock.
,Not Recommended,527270,34875193,Posted: 10 September,all,尋覓交配對象,No good in both graphic and control poorly ported to pc
,Not Recommended,527270,30015640,Posted: 18 February,all,Imouto,"I've played every Atelier game on multiple different consoles, I'm a huge fan of the series. So when I saw this on Steam I immediately bought it and was super excited for an Atelier game on PC. I installed it and started it up and it just doesn't work at all. I tried everything to try to make it work, nothing. I got a refund thankfully, but am still pretty sad that I can't play it. I would love to purchase and play this game in the future if the issues ever get resolved."
,Not Recommended,527270,29765151,Posted: 7 February,all,Kanako Mimura,"atelier sophie currently the latest,atelier series, (and yeah,the firis will be latest if it release)im already playing this game on PS4 til endPros-you dont even need cheat, cause you can make cheat by crafting-DOLL MAKING SONG-wide crafting system-DOLL MAKING SONG-grinding can be easily if you craft the cheat-DOLL MAKING SONG-the song  theme is niche-MAKING SONG DOLL- pamela ibis- SONG MAKING DOLL-if currently used character leveling up,the unused character will be lvl up too-SONG DOLL MAKING-if you die, you dont need to load, just lost some harvested item-DOLL MAKE NO UTA-include dlc-UTA NO DOLL-1/3 from console pricecons- no predecessor from Atelier series can be played- oskar....- you're forced to using plachta for some reason- not much CG- IMO the battle system is meh compared to shallie (because you purely using 3 character instead 6 )-88-92% CPU USAGE <----they are joke around righht-dead inside eyes bug-straight storyline, dont expect plot twistoverall, Atelier sophie is just cute girl <s>doing</s> chasing her dream to be alchemist, and yeah, its precursor of atelier Firis the mystery seriesits good,for me, and for those who prefer turn based JRPG with wide crafting systemi already try, in 740m, no lag when battle and open world cause 1280 no shadow no antialiasBUT THE BUG EYES IS HILLARIOUS TOFKEK and yeah....are bug everything is invisiblenote:anyway i'll change it to positive til they give the new patch, there much bug for low res player"
,Not Recommended,527270,30217942,Posted: 27 February,all,Princess Emmaline,"I wish I could have played this game, it looks so cute! However, the developers have put absolutely ZERO EFFORT into making this a port. This includes the fact that I couldnt get this to be fullscreen (because it crashed everytime I tried to change screen size) AND my windows defender detected a trojan everytime I tried to play or do the fixes that might allow me to change the screen size. Yes--it may be a false positive. But WTF!? Not to mention the other graphics issues I see them trying to fix now. And I read it doesn't suppot keyboard play? Don't buy this game. Not until they actually TRY to make a game worthy of playing on PC, on fullscreen, with customization options."
,Not Recommended,527270,29762292,Posted: 7 February,all,HidekiMotosuwa,"CPU : 98%GPU : 5%come on , another♥♥♥♥♥♥port again ?and i dont want to play with a controller , got my ps4 for that yooooo"
,Not Recommended,527270,29763576,Posted: 7 February,all,roslairy,"Atelier is quite fun but this PC distribution disgust me:1. If u dont have a controller, u never know how to click confirm.2. 97% CPU cost on my i7 6700HQ.3. Drop frame every 5 seconds.PS4 version is prefered if u really wanna play it."
,Recommended,527270,29760866,Posted: 7 February,all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,"く__,.ヘヽ.　　　　/　,ー､ 〉＼ ', !-─‐-i　/　/´／｀ｰ'　　　 L/／｀ヽ､/　 ／,　 /|　 ,　 ,　　　 ',ｲ 　/ /-‐/　ｉ　L_ ﾊ ヽ!　 iﾚ ﾍ 7ｲ｀ﾄ　 ﾚ'ｧ-ﾄ､!ハ|　 |!,/7 '0'　　 ´0iソ| 　 ||.从""　　_　　 ,,,, / |./ 　 |ﾚ'| i＞.､,,__　_,.イ / 　.i 　|ﾚ'| | / k_７_/ﾚ'ヽ,　ﾊ.　|| |/i 〈|/　 i　,.ﾍ |　i　|.|/ /　ｉ： 　 ﾍ!　　＼　|kヽ>､ﾊ 　 _,.ﾍ､ 　 /､!!'〈//｀Ｔ´', ＼ ｀'7'ｰr'ﾚ'ヽL__|___i,___,ンﾚ|ノﾄ-,/　|___./'ｰ'　　!_,.:"
,Not Recommended,527270,30071931,Posted: 20 February,all,"Keanu Reeves, Gouldian Finch",WHERE IS MY STEAM CLOUD YOU NUGGETS
76561198046342568,Not Recommended,527270,29865885,Posted: 11 February,all,jwbaxa,"Voice setting can be changed between english or japanese, but I need japanese text! THIS GAME IS JAPANESE GAME!And, why can't I remap my keyboard???"
,Not Recommended,527270,33591277,Posted: 16 July,all,JBPlayin',"It seems like a good game, but unfortunately for me, I don't have the specs to make it run well.  Whenever I would try to do alchemy, I would experience some major lag during the animations.  Other than that, I just personally wasn't interested in continuing."
76561198043445125,Not Recommended,527270,30072129,Posted: 20 February,all,underused,"I don't care if technically the person is older, the body is exceptionally similar to the younger than 18 protagonist and wears a garter belt, stockings, and a thong as their equivalent of pants.Wish I'd known this before I spent as much time as I did leveling and fiddling with my gear."
76561198090608820,Recommended,527270,30519045,Posted: 14 March,all,rash,"Game says i'm 70+ hours in. Maybe it's the steam offline mode.I haven't spent so many hours in a single player game for like over 10 years. And this one i get so addicted to it.This is the first game for me in this series. However, even normal difficulty will give you the incentive to get better in alchemy after you encounter other formidable non story bosses. And once i got into it, i improved a lot on the battle and now i can play on highest difficulty. This process is so satisfying after you learned different mechanics of the game, synthesized literally every equinment needed in battle and finally beat strong enemies with them.This game may suffer pacing issues especially for some players who are used to games with fast paced stories. But soon i figured out this playstyle just brought me back to the good old harvest moon series where you don't want to hustle and get the main story going, but enjoy a game called ""daily lives of the characters"".Speaking of the characters, they are extremely detailed. And I have to point out that Sophie is so cute that she is one of the reasons that keeps me into this game. Other characters are also very adorable.The price is also really fair with all the dlcs included (missing ones are downloadable). There's also customisable bgm for your own taste including all those from the past games.A game that i would regret not buying. Bought its sequel as well, but i'm still not done with this one :)"
,Recommended,527270,30877483,Posted: 1 April,all,renbletz,Solid installment to the Atelier series.  Relaxing gameplay along with rewarding and deep crafting system.
76561198003325820,Recommended,527270,30908938,Posted: 2 April,all,bloodking0,"Great game, good clean fun. Cute girls making cute things. No romance, which in this case is a good thing. The story has a solid backbone to it, but is very simple and basic. The game really rests on the fact playing it is fun and all the characters are likable.I had no bugs or issues of any kind either so seems like a good port too."
76561198028216825,Recommended,527270,30900502,Posted: 2 April,all,Lexiimino,Yes
76561198274132239,Recommended,527270,30228859,Posted: 27 February,all,excecutioner101,Ive gotten bored with most games but i find myself going back to this game more and more. Its a cute and unique game that i really enjoy. I havn't played the other ateier games but i really enjoy this one. This game foucuses on crafting and less on combat so if if you like that then I recommend this game if you don't like crafting then I don't recommend this game.
,Recommended,527270,30192291,Posted: 26 February,all,Wisp,"Overall this game is great, the soundtrack is great also the gameplay.The story does make you don't want to stop playing until you finish the story.I would recommend this game if you like puzzle and RPG, i mean it's combination of both.The Puzzle part is when you try to craft an item, it's seems not so hard on first try but you keep wanting to make greater item than before, and finally you will come to think how to put and choose the material and placing them efficiently.And the RPG part is where you fight monsters and finding rare items and such.The Battle mechanism is not so hard, it's suitable to be played by everyone. The grinding kind of tiring if you aiming for great item, but if you just want to finish the story, it's not a really hard game. Even if you new to this kind of game you will love it too.The story progress as well as your knowledge of alchemy, it unlocks the next chapter of story by having an idea to make a key item to the next story, it's more crafting than fightning."
76561198146522541,Recommended,527270,30185258,Posted: 25 February,all,khermerker,"i was happy when see this here.. i stopped after atelier iris (i hate the manakemia) and wanted a game like those... and well the game has changed much but is still fun.. actually now is more alchemy less other things. You really have to work in think what you want do and how make it... is not just buy your weapon.. all is about craft.. see what stats you want put, the quality of items and think how put the trait you want in the item you want.. Is good so good that a npc can duplicate your items for a fee.. basicly you put the best item there and you can in time make for all chars.The only problem i see.. is mob... really you will not know if you can kill it until you enter the fight and you can try escape for a lot of time failing and dying.. still is a very good game."
,Recommended,527270,30216345,Posted: 27 February,all,Jet,"Not for everyone, it's a lighthearted game which focuses on character progression and developement.  If you're looking for a Final Fantasy then this isn't for you.  Every other comment already stated what needs to be known about Atelier Sophie."
,Recommended,527270,30234118,Posted: 27 February,all,Casual Lolicon,I like the Atelier games having played the Arland and Dusk series on the Vita. With Firis coming in March heres hoping more Gust will be making their way over to steam.Pretty standard JRPG being heavily focused on gathering and crafting with a cute story to go alongside.
,Recommended,527270,30342163,Posted: 5 March,all,Førstelyd,"Finally completed this game. The last time I played Atelier series was Mana Khemia 2 on PS2. I'm glad KT brings this to Steam.First, the initial state of the port has some bad points. The DLCs are not properly unlocked, and massive frame drop on menu and item crafting. Both of this are fixed by fan patch (they're awesome), check the Steam Discussion to get it. Although KT is the one who should fixed this, not customer. Once you put the fix, the game runs awesome and smooth. You can override the graphic setting from your GPU control panel to put more Anti Aliasing and Anisotropic Filtering if you want to.The graphic is pretty and easy on eyes, a good ""translation"" from anime style to 3D. Dungeon and the city design are pretty, you might enjoy your walk. Item crafting is fun (but sometime frustrating), you must guess how to passing a good or required effect and upgrade your synthesized items. Both soundtrack and songs are awesome, setting the mood correctly. The story itself are not grand, but satisfying, and the comedy part made me laugh.Now for the mixed part; like I said earlier, you need the fix files to make this game smooth. The battle does not offer much other than usual turn-based battle. And personally, I don't quite like how the enemies spawn in map. Sometimes they just pop out in front or behind you, forcing you to battle with them suddenly. The last one is minor, the story mechanic might confused you how to progress the story.Overall, if you like a game about items crafting, exploration with good dungeon, turn-based battle, and a daily life about young alchemist: Get this game."
76561198043813258,Recommended,527270,33074590,Posted: 1 July,all,Hellsword,This game is honnestly one of the best I played in years !
76561198030781942,Recommended,527270,33017334,Posted: 29 June,all,Raditz,This is a beautiful game.
,Recommended,527270,33019005,Posted: 29 June,all,Orlendu,I love all Atelier Series and this one is great... really hard but great :P
76561198072125443,Recommended,527270,32268203,Posted: 8 June,all,daight90,"If you have other consoles, don't buy from steam, until now, there is still no extra dlc in steam, compared to other console's version which has extra dlc for months.Recommend this game? Yes, if you like JRPGRecommend buying this game from Steam? No, since the dev gave up doing any ♥♥♥♥♥ here for steam's version.EDIT : I just checked back and they finally released the after story DLC, months after the other console's version. Will give this a thumbs up now."
,Recommended,527270,33074320,Posted: 1 July,all,WiDOWZ,LOVE IT! <3
76561198015104530,Recommended,527270,33192429,Posted: 3 July,all,HoshiSama,*changed preset music to Mana Khemiawas not disappointed 10/10
76561197987083150,Recommended,527270,33243009,Posted: 4 July,all,ChibiNyan,"I bought this game, thinking ""cool, a cute-looking J-RPG. Exactly what I wanted to play casually in the evening, when I'm tired.""Well, this game wasn't what I expected at all. Play casually in the evening ? My♥♥♥♥♥! There is something in this game that made me play it 8 hours a day."
,Recommended,527270,33244628,Posted: 4 July,all,Akko,"Gameplay sometime a little bit hard to find what to do but damn , it's pretty fun !"
76561198050659518,Recommended,527270,33325614,Posted: 6 July,all,GameofMoans,"I've played quite a few Atelier games over the years and I'm always surprised by how much pure charm is packed in these games. There's never huge challenges, even on harder difficulties, no awe inspiring CG work or graphics. Just a simple story played out through a free flowing narrative, and that's all it ever needs to be. Cute characters, objective based gameplay that rewards exploration and experimentation (but doesn't demand it), and a relaxed tone as you immerse yourself in the simple pleasures of finding new things to make, new materials, and new cute events. Love this series because it always knows what it is, and just adds to the experience with each new game."
,Recommended,527270,33267497,Posted: 5 July,all,Gumi,Adorable!10/10
,Recommended,527270,33285465,Posted: 5 July,all,Cricket,"7.5 hours playing this.. it was awesome.. xDi expect long gameplay coz i just managed to clear the first page of recipes..(lol maybe i'm slower than others)And the art is good, i like it>> And the slime can actually kill me >_< Damn u slimes..!"
76561198196995923,Recommended,527270,33308374,Posted: 6 July,all,citruz99,"A PC game that has: 0 need for your mouse, default inverted camera, and trippy controls (you'll get used to it eventually, if not, the discussions area has instructions for adjusting controls). However, the easy collect & crafting as well as the battle system have its own charms! A cute and slow-paced game that slowly eats away your concept of time. Recommended for those who like peaceful JRPGs and pretty art (and sometimes stereotypical/ over-the-top voice acting).P.S. Whenever a CG appears my weeaboo heart skips a beat lmao"
,Recommended,527270,30071766,Posted: 20 February,all,我永远喜欢珂朵莉！,"First,I like this game.But I do not recommend this game.If I use the window setting but not full screen,the game will not run fluently!! Even though I have SSD!Although it's a transplanting game on PC,you even cannot use your keyboard to play it!All the tips in the game is about how to use your GamePad but not your keyboard.If you want to buy this game,please buy a GamePad first.And there are many bugs:1.Use bomb,such as Lightening Bomb,will make the game crash sometimes.2.Sometimes game would crash while you use full screen.3.Sometimes all the chapter will be invisible in battle.4.Sometimes the monster will become blind and do not attack you.5.The story wouldn't go on in some cases.etcThe game had crashed for many times,which made me lose the patience.So I do not recommend this game."
76561198137309340,Recommended,527270,33457878,Posted: 11 July,all,Grimalkin,"Very fun game, not your typical save the world RPG. The battle animations still give me goosebumps every time, and the music is pretty well done. (Can also customize the music that appears in zones/battles) Looking forward to playing the sequel whenever I beat this game."
,Recommended,527270,33648715,Posted: 19 July,all,Drakk,"This is the first Atelier game I've played, so I don't know about the other ones, but Sophie is fantastic. It's a relaxing game with a low-key story and fun mechanics. There's about a 50% mix of combat and alchemy, but alchemy is vastly more important.Pros:Cheerful atmosphere. The game does a great job of making you feel like a member of the community. You're actually helping the townspeople with their problems, slowly becoming useful running your little shop. So many ""shopkeeper games"" lack this, and I think it's fundamental to the genre.The alchemy mechanics were intricate enough to require planning and actual thought, but no so overwhelming that I never bothered learning it. You don't need to optimize, but you need to understand how to move traits around.The in-game encyclopedia was actually useful. There are tons of traits and effects and I still don't know what they all do. But if you press the select button, it'll just tell you!Little-to-no grinding. It depends on the difficulty, but I never found the need to grind a specific item for more than 15 minutes. Maybe I'm just lucky. (If you're going to take on the demon king on DESPAIR difficulty though, maybe that's another story)This is completely subjective, but I loved the characters. They all have their own little stories and their own lives. I'm repeating myself, but the town feels alive. Everyone in it grows and changes over the course of the game.You get to go on a date with Tess.ConsMany map areas are useless. There's places I've never been, nor had to go. The town may feel alive, but the world doesn't.Many materials are useless. There was a quest where you search for some amazing alchemy ingredient, but it's no more useful than any other flower you can pick up. I never even used it and it wasn't the only instance. I never even used the philospher's stone. The PHILOSOPHER'S STONE. ""Naw, don't need that.""So many items! I had so many materials I was drowning. It wasn't so much ""listening to the desires of the materials"" as ""this happens to be within arms reach so into the cauldron you go!"" It's easy to get overwhelmed by the sheer number of garbage you pick up. (Turns out there's a filter feature, at least.)At the start of the game, I had to click through a minute of DLC loading in I was not aware I had. Kind of a bad start.The game is great. I'm looking forward to playing the sequel, and anything else in the series.PS: I played this with a 360 controller and had no technical issues whatsoever. YMMV though."
,Recommended,527270,33637700,Posted: 18 July,all,Nichome,"Super enjoyable, get it if you're a weeb."
,Recommended,527270,33780767,Posted: 24 July,all,Caio.,"Atelier Sophie is the 1st Atelier game released on Steam and the first game of the 'Mysterious' saga of Atelier games. You play as Sophie, a young and inexperienced alchemist who lives on a small town of Kirchen Bell, and one day meets Plachta, a mysterious talking book. From then on is where your adventures begin.Being new to the series, I must say I was really pleased to see how optimized this game is. Even though recommended system specs are pretty high, I can run the game at 1080p and stable 60fps with a Pentium G4560 (2 core/4 thread CPU) and a Radeon RX 460, both components well below the recommended. Maybe even normal, non-gaming notebooks could play this game without (many) issues. The game's visuals are OK, you won't see lots of effects and techniques often used on AAA games here, but it looks good anyway.Now, to the review itself:Positive points:Different from other Atelier games, this one doesn't have a time limit for the main story to be concluded. It means you could take your time and enjoy the slow pace of the game as you'd like to.There are lots of interactions with other characters, which I found pretty enjoyable. Getting to know other characters is nice and adds depth to the game sometimes. Also, there are some references to characters found in this game on Atelier Firis, the next game of the series.Combat mechanics are easy to get and use, for the most partThe alchemy system seems different from previous iterations of the games on the Atelier series, and is pretty easy to understand and use.The variety and quality of the materials, items and item traits you get increase progressivelly, so you won't get extremely strong right from the beggining, making the game balanced most of the time.Sophie is cute (lol)Negative points:There are a limited amount of quests/rumours you can do, meaning that sometime you'll end up having nothing else to do in the game if you've already done everything you could. Not that you won't spend many dozens of hours in this game though.In the beggining, battles can be hard, but the difficulty level can be adjusted without having to restart the game. As difficulty increases, so do the rewards you receive.Not every skill your characters have will be actually useful, or powerful as it should. Might be a bug though.Has only 1 playable DLCSide notes:Some people might miss the lack of action or 'purpose' you'd find on other JRPG games. I personally liked the slow pace and simple story of the game. Actually, not having to be the ""hero who would save the world from disaster while bearing some heavy burdens"" is what made me like this game.TL;DR:This is a pretty light game, either on the hardware or plot side, with a simple yet warm story that can provide lots of playtime. It has its downsides, but the positive aspects greaty outshine the negative ones, so I could easily recommend the game. Just don't expect it to be that typical, tragical JRPG."
,Recommended,527270,33928405,Posted: 31 July,all,Rocky Montano,A very cute and challenging game.I literally spent hours making the ultiumate equipment set. Totally worth it.
,Recommended,527270,33970550,Posted: 2 August,all,KuraKuraHitam,"The main saga continued with the newest 17th of Atelier ""Mysterious"" Trilogy, Atelier Sophie brings you a beautiful journey about the young girl Sophie who runs the atelier inherited by her grandmother. One day she found a mysterious references book (left behind by her grandmother) who introduces itself as Plachta. Due to the memory loss on Plachta about the secrets of alchemy, you had to discover various recipes and ideas to restore Plachta memories one by one.The crafting system in this game is absolute gold, it's all about the alchemy.. you created something trough the recipes you got and synthesis it with the needed materials. There's also a lot of materials that have the ""traits"" combined which is essential if you want to achieve the best quality and overpowered items. If you're a newcomer to the series and recently just playing the game you'll probably gonna get confused by the fact that you have to bring one of the required traits and then recycle it to another item, especially if you want to get ""Master of Insight"" achievement which is the rare achievement that will unlocked after you obtains all the recipes.Let's talk about the combat, simple and competent turn based system, the controls are presets on a console port, so yeah... I would recommend playing this game with a controller instead of using the keyboard.Overall i had a blast playing the game so far, such an amazing experience to discover some events, areas, items, and monsters in a different ways.PROS:+ Beautiful Soundtracks+ Simple combat system+ Beautiful Artworks+ Surprisingly easy exp and gold grinding+ Heartwarming story+ Barrel!+ BARREL!!!CONS:- Cannot rebind keys- You have to use the default key assigment (if you're not sure what the controls are, you can see the Readme.txt on the game installation directory)- Sometimes the bug occured on the NPC faces (all the chins are gone)"
,Recommended,527270,34043784,Posted: 5 August,all,sZXZ,Well this game is for me. I love crafting.
,Recommended,527270,34183912,Posted: 11 August,all,amerikaiser,"Looking for a cute, time consuming game without the usual rpg ""chosen ones"" trope? Look no further, Atelier: Sophie is a wonderful game."
,Recommended,527270,34239381,Posted: 14 August,all,[TGCM]Nekogami,"Not the Best JRPG I played, but definitly a very good one and worthy of the time spent on it last 3-4 weeks (~20 / weeks :p).If you love puzzle game (alchemy) and JRPG you may spend a lot of time on the game just on crafting related events.But if you do that too intensly, you will end up with a very squishy end boss.The DLC dungeon is much more difficult, but I don't seem to find the courage to farm ideal component again."
76561198116312217,Recommended,527270,34237586,Posted: 14 August,all,My base is gone,"8/10still on starting point, so far so good"
,Recommended,527270,34272930,Posted: 16 August,all,Jarazz,"Gust has always been known for making the ""Atelier"" Series where the main character which is usually a heroine is often an alchemist trying to accomplish a task. This game being as you can see about ""Sophie"", and her task well that ill leave out because i dont want to spoil it. I would like to say this a wonderful game as always and this will be added to list of great games in my great game book. I would love if Gust would put the ""Ar"" (Ar Tonelica, etc), Mana Khemia series, and the old Atelier Series on steam but i dont think its lightly. But if Gust is reading this it would be wonderful if you did. I would LOVE to have the rest of the Atelier Series. (Heck if you can get the cross platform games on like Cross Edge and Trinity Universe id jump for joy). If youre looking for a good series gust doesnt disappoint"
,Recommended,527270,34958622,Posted: 14 September,all,Luithian,"This game has breezy grinding compared to something like most of the FF games, I've heard fans of the series say that this is the most grind focused of the series. If it is I didn't notice because I was having too much fun playing the game, trying to learn how to craft the best items, and getting impressive gear for all of the characters even if I ended up playing most of the game with a fave four. I'd swap out here and there to get a feel for each of them and every character is playable, levels up together more or less (you don't have to bring each character to fight for them to gain exp) and pretty much every one of them added something interesting to the play and could survive easily once I'd gotten them to a good level and given them some good gear. I spent hours playing this game and was kind of sad when I finished it, but luckily you can just keep right on playing if you want. Bonus material is nice, I had sprung for the DLC  and so it was cool to be able to customize music and things like that.Overall really fun game, I like the art style combo of full 3D but with a really shiny cute anime drawing style that looks like a good 2d drawing from every angle while moving. Nice. Couldn't reccommend this enough to anyone who likes these kinds of games. I'm looking forward to trying other games from this series now since this one was so fun. The whole story and characters are so likable, and while it's not a riveting deep story it's kind of like a vacation from negativity in which you are rewarded for doing something fun. Ah... isn't that an ideal goal for a game?"
,Recommended,527270,35069298,Posted: 19 September,all,「Funky Dealer」,"this game is cute, fun and you'll spend more time in the alchemy menu making the perfect item than anywhere else. easily one of my favorite jrpgs"
,Recommended,527270,35172296,Posted: 23 September,all,Rippy,"The ultimate crafting game, throwing random things into a cauldron, to make something completely different from the materials used.Being a fan of the Atelier series, I really enjoyed Atelier Sophie and it's slice of life story. Overall I liked it and is an okay port for the PC.Well to go into more detail, Atelier series never been about it's story, just the slice of life or daily life of Sophie, the main Heroine. Sophie is a beginner Alchemist that finds a book in her home left over by her granmother, whom passed away and.... Well if i type anymore I'll basically spoil the story.Atelier Sophie: The Alchemist of the Mysterious Book, begins the new Atelier series with the theme Mystery. There are very few changes over the course of the Atelier series, its still a heavy focused crafting game with cute anime characters.Some things to note, day and night cycle, performing actions now consumes in game time, well more like a clock, since there is no time limit. Massive changes to the battle system, such as 4 active party members, assist actions are now based on turn order, chain attack (attack command may now do more than 1 hit), all party members may equip alchemic items (though a bit limited) and Sophie may use skills in battle (Something Alchemist heroines couldn't do before).Like every other Atelier since the Dusk series, the sythesizing or crafting system changes once again, but I rather not go into too much detail about this, since this is the heart and soul of Atelier games and wish not to spoil it.Now to point out some bad parts, heavy focus on the crafting system, seriously this game is really about crafting from making new weapons, armour, bombs, heal items, enhancing gear and trait properties of materials gathered, everything is about crafting, not too much of a bad point for long time fans, but might be a bit overwhelming for newer PC players.No new game +. Yea this kind of shocked me when I found out, which really lowers replay value.To sum this up, I liked Atelier Sophie and the new changes, if you liked the previous Atelier titles, then I don't see why you won't like this one. For newer players:Do you like anime?Do you like crafting, combining, and finding items (I suppose experimenting, as well)?Do you like simple and normal lifestyle stories?If all yes, may be worth trying out Atelier Sophie. If you're looking for more intense save the world story or goal driven, action packed, fast pace type games, this is seriously not the game for you then."
