user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,527230,32777048,Posted: 25 June,all,FlickT,"So I've noticed quite a few salty reviews on this game and this saddens me greatly. I've played multiple playthroughs and had terrible luck on some and amazing luck on a few as well.This game is not meant to be easy. It is meant to be a challenge. However while challenging it also does a very good job of feeling rewarding when you do get that item, land that crazy hit, or make the perfect save. A trade off for the rewarding feeling is that it will punish you greatly for mistakes and wrong turns.After several great runs and different strategies I can say there is no real 100% win strat. There is however a surefire way to lose if you take 3 chars with all the same damage type. Try using different groups and matchups and I promise you'll find some you love.Overall you will find yourself angry, frustrated, Extremely happy, laughing, and most of all satisfied with this game if you enjoy a challenge. The game is still early acces but the Devs are superb and much more content is in the works. Steel your nerves and prepare for an adventure.TL:DR - Early access game but great support, challenging but rewarding, A load of fun with a few mates."
76561197991546378,Recommended,527230,30716264,Posted: 24 March,all,dykmoby,"I had a hard time determining if I should give ""For the King"" a thumbs up or down.There are a lot of really good things to say about this game. It has a really unique and colourful art style, some great music and a very fresh take on an RPG as a rogue-like.The systems that drive the game present a great blend of what you would normally find in a table-top style board game with the computer taking care of all the under-the-covers mechanics that can make those board games tedious. The devs have done a good job at realizing that the challenge from a game like this comes from the player having to make tough choices.Each ""act"" of each quest has a timer that, if it runs out, makes progress that much more difficult (the Chaos mechanic). Players must decide if they have enough time to go down into that cave to perhaps find loot and experience but risk elevating the danger inhibiting the ability to complete their main goals.Random encounters give the players a chance to receive a boon or bane, often having to weigh the odds and consequences of failure against the often unknown benefits of taking such risks.Resources such as cash, healing herbs, equipment, armor and weapons that match the ever more difficult monsters and encounters are rare and as the quest progresses, more expensive to buy in towns. And this is the first design point where I think  the developers don't trust their own systems enough. In the first act a healing herb (in limited supply to start with) costs about the same anmount of gold the player can get by winning one encounter. In the second act the cost increases not incrementally but by huge factor (about 5 times or so) and in futher acts this rises at the same exponential rate. So much so that buying even one healing herb is so prohibitive it isn't a consideration.While it does make sense that as the land becomes more perilous (and the monsters can drop more coin) such a steep ramp up actually removes a resource balance decision. There's no point in hoarding 10 gold to put to better armor or weapons later in the game when it won't even make a dent in buying a single healing herb. It also throws the suspension of disbelief when a single herb that restores action points is half the cost of an amazing weapon or set of armor. This extreme ""inflation"" seems to be implemented to fight in-game power creep instead of balancing out said creep. It also leads to a ""single strategy"" to buy up all the consumable resources you can early in the game and so makes the choice obvious (even required) rather than a decision to be made by the player.The combat system is very innovative. Each character has a set of stats and each weapon uses one of those stats. When attacking or using an ability, from one to five or six ""coins"" are shown and the RNG determies the success or failure of each ""coin flip"" based on the associated stat. For some abilities to be successful, all of the ""coin flips"" must be successful so the higher of number of successes needed the less of chance the action is a success. Players can also spend ""focus"" to assure that one or more of the coins come up a success and the player needs to balance using focus for critical situations. And here again is  where I think the developers need more confidence in their own designs.While the odds of each success and the odds of completing all coin successfully are displayed, I don't think the odds shown to the player are entirely accurate. I tested this out using some old fashioned card-counting and an abacus, which doesn't produce exact mathematical results but certainly points out some possible weightings over time. It seems that if players face higher-level monsters and some weapons, negative modifiers are applied to the roll but not displayed. I think this may be where some of the cries of cheating are coming from. The RNG seems very good in non-combat situations (such as overland challenges and disarming traps) so the discrepency seems very odd for just combat. This may just be a bug/oversight but if it is an intentional design decision, especially in a game so dependent on randomness, it masks an implemetaion issue and is point of frustration at design rather than a challenge of a game.The secondary attacks/abilities use the exact same system, but always have a lower chance of success (which is actually displayed) and usually require more successes than a normal attack. For example a basic stike could have three rolls at 67% per roll (inflicting some damage per success) but a special attack has five rolls at 47% each and requires each roll to succeed.  It's a bit of a double-whammy intended to push the player to use Focus which provides a challenge, but it also seems that even if the attempt is successful the monsters have a good chance to avoid the effect. While the game does display what effects the monsters are right-out immune to, far too often using special abilities instead of basic attacks have too low a chance of success and a waste of time when a basic attack has a better chance of at least doing something of use.The monsters follow the same system with a number of rolls and a number of potential successes. It seems though that even if the monster requires five successes to pull off a special attack, it does succeeds four out of five times. While the monsters should be better (and more dangerous) than the heroes, the incredibly high success rate of monsters especially when they need to make so many successes and do so easiliy, makes it seem like they are not subject to the same game rules as the player. It feels like, not so much cheating per se, but simply cheap.The developers have designed a good core mechanic but seem to go out of their way to work around it by configuring the system (incredibly high monster success thresholds, exteremely low success rates of secondary player abilities) to bypass their own design. It's almost a shame because it seems a re-evaluation of the power escalation as well as the configuation of the system (rather than the system itself which seems solid) would shift this perception significantly.Those mechanics, or rather the specific configurations of the mechanics, are to me what is holding back what is at its core a fantastic game.Overall I'd say that ""For the King"" has the potential to be the classic RPG rogue-lite in the same way FTL is for the space opera. With a better balance of - and trust in -  the mechanics the developers have implemented I would give this an enthusiastic thumbs up, but in it's current state that thumb is a very tentative. I'm still going to be playing and following the development of this game because of its potential for greatness."
76561198283766006,Recommended,527230,34030878,Posted: 4 August,all,Lord sloppydong,"So after 4 Attempts I finally beat it with a Buddy, I truly enjoyed The Game, It has Great High Risk high Reward gameplay. We made it through with a hunter,blacksmith,busker. here are my pros and ConsProsFun short little storyChallanging GameplayRisk reward systemDecent Classes to startProcedurely generated worldsLore store to unlock more variationConsInflation in towns, It is Way to expensive, Drop it maybe 50 GoldKilling enemies who stole from you, Killing them sometimes doesnt reward the item back.Really not much wrong here.SuggestionsAdd Enemy types to the Lore storeAdd Biomes to the lore storeAdd skill Checks In towns? A thief Robs you at the inn.... Or Someone knocks on your door late at night at the inn.In multiplayer give people more to do while the others are using there turn.This is one of the best early access titles i have purchased please keep up the good work, Im looking forward to what is to come"
76561198039222800,Recommended,527230,32726424,Posted: 24 June,all,kingts,"For the King is a Kickstarter RPG in a turn-based rock, paper, scissor rogue type game in which players will take the role of members three starting types, Hunter, WIzard and Warrior. It is a game that needs some work but has nice potential. You start in the cliche' manner,  King dies, Queen needs your help to stop the Chaos in a forced time limit Xcom type storyline.  You constantly are changing equipment, powers and skill your units to give you either move or neat attack skills.There is a nice flow to the game I have to say some good pros and consPROSA: Graphics and Effects are clear, 2d old style nintendo polys  and nice character movement.B: Like most RPGS, Your overwhelmed even in apprentice mode to constant occurances, enemies to keep you invested.C: The game hinges on die rolls and a focus system that you soon learn you better use wisely and keep maxed.D: Game mechanics maybe be too simple for some, but a fun game to try of all ages. My kids enjoyed playing it. However there is a strong con to this. The game is brutal if your just into fighting. You have to constantly equip with little money and time.E: Great potential to go outside its grounded game mechanic template.CONSA: This is Early Access with a release date is not sure. Many may just wait for the full version, but I caught it at a huge sale so not a bad game to add until it is released for 5-10 bucks. Always caution on Early Access why its a con. Things can change on a dime with developers.B: Takes a while to learn combinations and the game mechanics , but you pick it up quickly. What hurts it for me is the the color schemes on the map that tend not to be differential in color. Also the Poly animation makes the game fell unreal and too old fashion. This might have been much more potent with higher graphics and animation.C: This game gets very hard very quick for novice players. You must keep upgrading, taking side quests because gold is an issue. By the time you reach your second cave expedition. You have thieves who take all your gold and run away which could anger players. You always feel naked in these battles. However, if you love dungeons, old style role playing mechanics. This may be for you.D: I thnk there are some game mechanic issues that can be improved on and I am sure they will before launch. Three that come to mind for me. Lack of expanding your party, especially early. You can change the types but 3v3 can get old quick. 2. The spawning night and day time limit does not allow you to enjoy the adventure long term, so you feel rushed all the time instead if enjoying the game 3. I saw no reason to do multi player. There is no incentive to do so.OVERALL: I give this a margainal positive review. because of the massive effort to create something, anything. Is For the King a great game, no, but it has some fun qualities to it.  I am not sure were they wind up after completion, so my review is pending.I would do three things first, go to discussion, video and see a preview of the game. Get it on sale if you want to try the early access (another huge sale in June) and check the system requirements. Make sure before you get any Early access game you seee a final release date. This game has some rewards for support so see their kickstarter page. This is a game to follow if you love turn based rpg rogue games.This game has great expansion potential, but must tone down the constant spawning of events and enemies. It needs to focus in its story mode to make the player care and be invested. This seems like many other RPGs where you follow a story, but could care less about the players.  A nice effort, but the game seems limited in its foundation. Hopefully that changes.OVERALL: 2.4 stars out of 5. Not a bad addition."
76561198224763856,Recommended,527230,32065818,Posted: 30 May,all,rs2excelsior,"I'll start off by saying that if I had paid what I did for the early access version in the state it was when I got it and that was the completed game, I would be completely happy with it.This is not an easy game. Even playing on the lowest difficulty I have not yet beaten the game. It's also pretty RNG dependent. The maps are procedurally generated, and there are times when you'll have easier or more difficult time due to the map, the enemies, and events that happen. That will turn some people off. But I think those two combined work. Yes, you'll replay the first few stages a lot, but even though the general sequence of events are the same, the run will be different every time. You'll get different maps, different enemies, and different gear. Plus different party compositions result in different sorts of games.When I first started, I generally couldn't get through the first act; now I routinely get to the third (though I have only beaten the third act once). So there is a feel that you are advancing in the game even if you are restarting the story. Some people have said that you have trouble fighting the enemies even at equal level; I've found that I can routinely take on enemies/dungeons a level higher than my party, although they'll cost a decent amount of health/resources (and in the case of dungeons, may result in a couple of characters dying--which in itself is not permanent, as you can revive them at the cost of increasing chaos/losing their sanctum). With decent gear and tactics, the fights are very manageable.There is a timer on each act, but you do have time to take fights and explore a bit. You don't do much exploration, but it's not an exploration game, the map's not set up for it. It's not a game over if you run out of time, either. It's a balance between taking time to level your characters and getting objectives done--don't just beeline each story objective, you'll be under-levelled.Long story short, if you're looking for an adventure game that's focused on fighting and levelling rather than exploring, and that has high replayability, this is a good game. Don't expect it to be something it's not, and it's very fun. I would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,527230,31430328,Posted: 28 April,all,Rueya,"For The King is a turn-based RPG set in a procedurally crafted fantasy world map filled with active quests and discoveries to partake ― as citizens of Fahrul take up arms to defend their home world from an impending evil. If you enjoy a challenging game with turn-based combat, strategic exploration, controlled RNG, and vibrant low-poly visuals then For The King might just be the game you are looking for! Some recap as below:-PROS:+Turn-based Tactical battles are engaging with percentage % chance to hit via attacks, triggering of skills, and status effects for your party and foes alike (High risk and reward in the form of higher percentage % chance to hit with less damage vs lower percentage % chance to hit with higher damage).+Tons of Attributes and Proficiencies that dictates how your party members will perform (A Hunter with an Awareness attribute of 90 will be able to accurately land shots at an estimated 90% accuracy in battle and have a better chance at performing skill-checks on the world map like succesfully ambushing an enemy).+Each Class (Blacksmith, Hunter, Scholar, Minstrel etc) is heavily reliant on certain attributes to function efficiently and plays differently with passive unique traits (The Minstrel uses Talent to increase her percentage % chance when strumming an instrument to attack in battle and has a chance to cast Encourage which turns a failed roll into a successful hit. On the World Map, the Minstrel has a chance to cast Inspire which provides EXP to nearby party members). From these classes, you are able to assign the role of Damage Dealer, Tanker, and Support as see fit.+Each Weapon (and/or Shield) will come with differing stats and special abilities highly dependant on the weapon type (A Hammer requires a user with good Strength to wield it efficiently and grants you the ability to splash damage while a shield on the other hand will allow you to Taunt the enemy). It is also important to note that it is possible to create hybrid playstyles/builds as each Class does grant some form of attribute flexibility (A Minstrel who uses the Talent attribute also has a decent Intelligence attribute and can swap from equipping a Lute to a Mage Staff with decent efficiency while a Hunter who has high turn speed can be equipped with a shield to ensure he gets to Taunt before an enemy can attack).+Tons of Status Mechanics that can influence a battle (Dazed, Bleed, Poison, Burning, Frozen, Shocked, Confused, Curse etc), with elemental effects not being a rock-paper-scissors approach but more towards the introduction of a variety of mechanics (Frozen makes a user take 25% more damage while Shocked makes a character fail a roll).+Tons of Utility Mechanics that influences buffs and debuffs (Attack, Defense, Armor Penetration, Magic Resistance, Turn Speed, Evasion Chances etc).+Equipped loot is visually displayed on your character (Weapon/Shield, Head Gear, Torso, Foot Wear).+Low-Poly Visual aesthetic is gorgeous to look at and grows on you (Perfect blend of great artstyle & graphical content update feasibility).+Procedural maps, quests, and events that creates a sense of refreshment with each playthrough. Exploring dungeons adds an added layer to the gameplay (Level-based dungeons in the form of room-to-room leaping).+Tons of Mini-Events and Quest (Not-text heavy) that will pop up on the map, granting you a chance for reward or punishment (Dependant on percentage % chances).+Enemies can be seen on the map and will appear via a pop-up animated avatar prior to battle.+Day & Night cycles with weather effects (Rain) where different enemies will spawn depending on the time of day (Neat sense of progression and adventure).+Able to traverse on land (Majority of gameplay with multiple biomes), Sea (To visit islands and not via underwater), and Air (Primarily for movement buff/conveniences with no specialized air biome).+This game has heart. Little nifty features such as character faces turning to look at their enemies during battle to bones and origami-shaped blood trickling off enemies creates a nice touch to the overall feel of the game.+Soundtrack is fitting with its folklore theme.+Playable with friends via Online Multiplayer (Game Lobby) or local co-op (1 Mouse, 2 Gamepad on 1 Computer).+Huge replay value in the form of a lore-store that gradually unlocks your progression (New Characters, Items, Mini Encounters, Locations) via lore points found during a playthrough, making replaying it fresh and rewarding (Does not unlock during mid-playthrough).NEUTRAL:*Game is very challenging with 3 difficulties to choose from (Apprentice, Journeyman, and Master).*A focus mechanic that acts as an energy bar that can be strategically used (limited) during battle or in events to secure an increased percentage % per 1 or more focus point used to increase the chances of landing hits or obtaining rewards.*Combat requires 3 party members to be close by in order for them to join the same battle.*Heavy RNG from percentage % chances that occurs in Battle and during World map events.*Main Missions will need to be tended to in time to prevent/reset a Chaos Meter that increases the difficulty of the world by making it more dangerous from frequent enemy ambushes and world map pathing is semi-blocked by tiles that generates negative status effects. (Chaos Meter can be countered by completing the mission on time or via specific Chaos-related mini-quest).*Game Over when all characters on-screen dies (If a party member dies, they are able to be resurrected with penalties from the Chaos meter-bar increasing and/or with reduced EXP).*Campaign consist of 3 Acts that increases in difficulty with each passing one (Similiar items are gradually more expensive over time).*The distribution of Character Attributes are majorly done from Equipment and contains events/items that permanently increases ones attributes (Mini-Encounters, Consumables etc).*Some equipments are breakable (A Glass Bow might have good damage and high chance to hit but will break upon missing an attack).*Some negative status effects (Curses etc) does not recover over time and requires using an item or visiting a healer/shrine to cure it.CONS:-Bound to be minor bugs here and there as it is still in Early Access.-Requires a more comprehensive tooltip information for a very stat/attribute heavy game (Character Bar during Battle requires indication of existing status effects garnered from equipment etc).-Only consist of a Single Player Campaign (3 Acts) at the moment with no sandbox mode (A Free Adventure Mode will be added).-Passing Items amongst the 3 different party members can be quite a chore at times (Requires cycling through the menu and party members must be within 1 hex distance).-Healing at the moment is heavily dependant upon an item (Godsbeard) and stacking said item is heavily reliant in surviving a playthrough (Other ways to heal include visiting a healer/town/ for a fee, approaching shrines on the world map, ending your turn with movement points left, or from limited camping).-Flow and movement of controlling your party members can lack progression at times, resulting in reduced efficiency as you prematurely wait/end your turn until all members are within close distance before engaging in a major battle (Or they will be lefted out of said battle).-Does not have a huge variety of Character customization at the moment on the Menu Screen (No Gender Choices per class but does contain gender similarity in roles amongst the different classes).-Does not have a huge variety of loot at the moment with slight repetition as a character looking for a certain weapon attribute are limited to a particular weapon type and thus has a higher chance to experience the same weapon as choices (Each individual weapon has fixed stats and is not randomised).Personally, I do find some of the Neutral a pro but has listed it down under its respective categories for greater user objectivity."
76561198035287960,Not Recommended,527230,33482330,Posted: 12 July,all,braincabin,"In some ways, I love this game: The aesthetic. The spirit it captures. The novel combat system. On most measures, I would thumb this game UP. But looming over all the goodness is the utter lack of balance which nearly ruins the enjoyment of an otherwise beautiful setup. It isn't so much that one is overly subject to RNG hell, instead it's just stupidly hard to play, even on Apprentice (easy). I'll give a moment here for all the ""just get gud, heh heh"" trolls to do their thing... Anyway, most of the challenges and battles are reasonably manageable. The major turnoff here is that it's difficult to manage all the opposing forces you're subject too and simultaneously enjoy all the obviously enjoyable moments that seem just out of reach. It's like this not because of depth of strategy or overly complex plots/puzzles one must solve; it's because of the incongruent expectations the game lays out for you. Between battling the (highly controversial and questionably implemented) chaos timer and grinding enough mobs to be able to survive the next dungeon (which are always the subject of the FtK's linear, uninteresting quests), it is unknown how one is supposed to keep up with the nearly 1,900% inflation of healing herb prices, which are absolutely necessary. Between these forces, it's death by a thousand cuts. You trudge on & on and eventually the death of your heroes comes not in some epic battle that you botched, but from an average group of mobs who took advantage of your lack of healing herbs (did I mention how much those cost?) and low health because you ran out of coin and couldnt sleep in the exorbitantly priced inn, or because you're like 8 turns away from a city, moving at 3 spaces per turn, with a dozen mobs between you and rest, and chaos keeps increasing making it all harder. This challenge level and certain death wouldn't be so bad if this game truly was a rogue-like, but there are far too many investments made into your characters that do not transcend each playthrough that the result smacks of disappointment and a feeling of wasted time. Up until this moment, to be sure, there is a lot of fun to be had (I do LIKE this game), and there are just a few mechanics that, with a little tweaking, would make the game more playable and would unlock all of its potential; such as, improve how the chaos meter works, keep healing herb prices reasonable, allow characters to move farther per turn, and, most of all, increase the amount and variety of playthrough transcendence of all your hard work. Others have outlined these and other solutions better than I can, so I won't list more here. All in all, I want to recommend FtK, but won't, for now."
,Recommended,527230,34481760,Posted: 25 August,all,Vancey,"A friend and I bought this game thinking it might be fun for the cheap price of £10.99 and we thought ""oh well, if it's bad we can just refund it after an hour or so"". 9 hours later in the same game session it is now 5:30am and we have defeated the final boss.... Time to start a new run I guess."
76561198112457929,Recommended,527230,30305717,Posted: 3 March,all,Shurimas,Amazing game..but I just want to be able to explore and take it slow without the chaos timer ruining my life.
76561198133742745,Recommended,527230,30312682,Posted: 4 March,all,shinelde,I think the overall game relies too much on chance and not enough player based decisions. The quick pace of the game doesn't allow the players much room for strategy as much as a blind rush towards the objectives with the hope that rng will not crush their dreams. Hopefuly the game pace will slow down so that more choices and decisions can be presented for a more dynamic gameplay experience.-On a side note. I just got to the end of the game and the end boss has two max level chaos beasts with him. An almost impossibe fight. I could max my characters out one hundred times but would not win that fight. I hope those get nerfed as the game continues.Overall great game. I look forward to following this as it updates.
76561198074983900,Recommended,527230,32207722,Posted: 5 June,all,Hazelwood,"This game can be a lot of fun. Gets a bit repetitive at the moment but imagining this with different worlds and scenarios, starting points and missions makes me curious checking it again in a couple of months"
,Recommended,527230,30247300,Posted: 28 February,all,Paxx0r,"The awesomeness of this game cannot be explained in human words. But i'll try.I love tabletop games, but i'm a 55 year old troll living in my parents basement so of course i don't have any friends to play with. This game is like a tabletop game but on the computer. So thanks to this game i can finally play a great tabletop game without having to rely on my evil imaginary friends.+Beutifull music+Playfull and cozy graphic+Lots of replayability+A good selection of classes+/-The game is built upon a system of ""dice rolls"" when it comes to movement/attack/disarming traps. I personally like this but some people may not like this kind of system.The game is still in early access so beware of bugs and crashes. I lost ~3 hours of gameplay due to the game freezing, but on the plus side i got to keep the lore from that playthrough."
76561198052641571,Not Recommended,527230,31516922,Posted: 2 May,all,El Pollo Loco,"Fun game actually, but you can't explore or do things at your own pace.  That ruins itfor me.You are on a set timer to complete tasks and when it ends your game is over and you have to replay the same content over again.   RNG will determine how hard it is to beat your timer is as the maps are procedurally generated."
,Recommended,527230,30348071,Posted: 5 March,all,Commissar Vodka,"Bought this amazing gem of a game for the purpose of streaming it on my twitch channel, ended up playing this non stop for the past couple of days! (even on my stream constantly)So the best way to explain this game is imagine dungeons and dragons mixed with Darkest Dungeon and the joy of Final Fantasy.Best played in co-op but still amazing to play solo, the Lore system in which when you finish dungeons or quests you get Lore books to spend on items to further increase your replayablity and to help you out abit more!Do not expect to finish this in one sitting.. The rogue is strong with this one!but if you love roguelites or dungeons and dragons in general then this game is a Must Buy!Devs are great chaps as well! Always lovely when you submit a bug report!I will recommend this to everyone I come across looking for a fresh game to play!"
76561198052128396,Recommended,527230,30240025,Posted: 28 February,all,jeremyvriedl,"I've only played a little bit of this game but it is a good mix of turn based combat, exploration and loot, bound together by a narrative thread that seems solid.  I like the focus mechanics and the lore store, where your explorations unlock new items and character classes you can use.  I think once this game gets multiplayer down it will be a lot more fun, but eh single player game is great.  So far none of the reviews for this game have been in english and i have no idea why they would not recommend this game.  It may be because they dont support chinese or something.  Good job guys keep up the good work with this one."
76561197989446634,Recommended,527230,30369569,Posted: 7 March,all,The Grey Wizard,"Welcome, friend. You must be quite the intrepid hero to journey here. Or perhaps you're a bit of a gambler, dicing with death and fate?Perhaps you're just a masochist.This game is, as some other reviews have mentioned, an RNG-Pain-Hail Mary strategy game in a vein similar to that of XCOM and Darkest Dungeon.You begin by choosing three characters to venture out with, with a somewhat small (but diverse) number of classes to assign them. Each one tends to specialize in various forms of combat, and as you learn later, specific activities on the hexagonal world map. Each character has 'focus' which is essentially a resource which you can assign to both combat skills and activities on the world map to heighten the chances of success.Combat itself is a turn-based affair, in the fashion of JRPGs past, with your attacks having varying effects and levels of success, each of which can be improved by applying effort, as mentioned previously.There is gear aplenty for your grognarding pleasure, with powerful items that break after a failure, to consumables which improve stats or offer devil's bargains.Atop the world map, you navigate with each character individually on a turn-by-turn basis; there are random encounters offering promises of riches or woeful demise (all at the whims of the merciless RNG.)The story is currently a bland and tropey affair, lacking the flavor and humor you would expect from the otherwise jaunty style of the game. It also provides the pretext of one of the only issues I have with the game at the moment, which is that......it's actually too difficult. I am by no means claiming to be a master strategist, but the difficulty feels TOO punishing once the story mechanic begins to manifest itself (Chaos.) This has somewhat less to do with being a bad mechanic in and of itself than it does with being stuck with a poor vector, e.g., the linear timer. If you do not complete the story quests within an extremely limited amount of time, the malevolences, they KEEP A'COMIN'. Once Chaos accrues (it proceeds in levels, and can be advanced through the main story quest not being done, player death, and extremely unfortunate random chance,) random encounters increase, characters can no longer be revived, and various other horrid outcomes occur.Now, through the course of your game, you will accrue Lore, which is the one static resource you keep between playthroughs; you use Lore in a store from the menu to unlock additional items which will then appear in your subsequent playthroughs, as well as new classes such as Herbalist and Trapper.Overall, despite the minor issues (and, by the by, it's Early Access; you'll encounter a bug or two, even if I haven't yet,) I definitely DO recommend this game for those of you who enjoy unforgiving rogue-lite RPG adventures with a penchant for scintillating highs and nadiral lows.The music is pleasant and thematic, the graphics are unique, the gameplay is engaging, and the pain will keep you coming back time and again because ♥♥♥♥ YOU SEA HAGS THREE CURSES IN A ROW INTO TRICLOPS WIPING MY ENTIRE TEAM."
,Recommended,527230,30735238,Posted: 25 March,all,Bkarkow [DL[,"After looking at some of the other reviews, I was a little hesitant to pick up this game. I'm really glad that I did, as For The King is an amazing roguelike RPG.If you're reading through the other reviews, you'll notice that most of the complaints are centered around the Chaos timer and the overall difficulty of the game. I won't lie to you, this game is very hard. You're going to die. A lot. After 29 hours of gameplay, I beat the game for the first time... on Easy.I strongly recommend this game, however, if you aren't a very patient person and expect to win your first campaign, perhaps this isn't the game for you. The only suggestion I have is to keep playing... Don't give up. The game gets easier the more you play."
,Not Recommended,527230,30283018,Posted: 2 March,all,Kavrick,"As much as i want to give this game a good review, in it's current state i cant. The game has tons of awesome mechanics and some real nice aesthetics, but this game has layers and layers of unfair mechanics which are completely unneccessary. Even on the easiest difficulty the game will grind you down because you wont have enough gold to afford both new equipment and healing items, along with the game being based on a RNG mechanic, which by itself, i'm completely fine with, stats and rolling is a thing i enjoy on many formats. The main issue that causes the game problems is that it's an rpg which requires grinding, which again, i'm ok with, but along with grinding, the game is TIMED, there is a ""chaos"" mechanic that increases and causes the game to become more difficult if you dont do the main questline, and the FIRST quest requires you to go through a long♥♥♥♥♥dungeon which is extremely difficult, even on easy.The devs said they are adding a ""sandbox mode"" which does honestly sound kinda condiscending, we dont need a sandbox mode, just a mode where that damn chaos timer doesn't restrict what you do, you set out a huge world to explore, but then force the players to do certain things. And with all early access games, when they say they'll add sandbox mode, that could be in a couple of days, or a couple of years, so as it stands, i cant recommend this game."
76561198125884409,Recommended,527230,30584889,Posted: 17 March,all,zardue62,Currently sunk 36 hours in and i am still wanting to run though it over and over. Cant wait for whatever comes next! Definetly worth 15$!
,Recommended,527230,30310865,Posted: 4 March,all,[MCREW] xVenngeance,"3/4/2017 Review“For The King” by IronOak Games is a brilliant turned based adventure RPG, by which you can battle monsters, loot items, combat curses, become devout, equip yourself with gear to take on Chaos itself with the help of 2 other adventurers. You can play the game solo, local multiplayer or online with a friend or random player. Currently there are 3 main heroes the hunter, scholar and the blacksmith, as you progress through the game you can unlock even more heroes and gear for your next time around! The game has so much more than just your typical turned based RPG, Weather affects your movement and can give you either fortunate or unfortunate side effects. The depth of this game is huge and I personally like how it plays with your choices, it’s never quite the same as the last time you played.My younger brother was feeling a bit sick with a cold, so we decided to try this game as we noticed it on steam. We couldn’t stop playing! And he was having a blast. I can’t wait to see what IronOak Games looks to add next. This was a first out of many beta games lately that I actually enjoy. However, the game isn’t currently bug free, I was occasionally having a few UI issues, where health, stats, and sometimes quest boxes were either stuck or displayed incorrectly. That said, the games beauty is fantastic, for a polygonal world, and the special effects were really cool!A few things I think could be added is more players for an online party somewhere like 4 or 5 rather than 3, like make a minimum of 3 and an ability to add up to 5 only reason I’m saying this is because I know I have a couple more friends that would like to join our adventure. I’m also not sure if not saving a characters stat progress is something that is supposed to be part of the game or not. Maybe there should be a game mode where you can keep your characters progress for online runs rather than always starting over, I know it will probably get more frustrating the farther I go and then if my party dies it’s all over, that will likely hinder replay value.Overall the game is outstanding and super fun to play at the moment. I hope to continue to see more content and I will try to help support IronOak games for this well-made product. It’s not currently in its finished state but it’s looking good so far I encourage those who are thinking about trying it out for the first time to just jump in and see what it’s about. For me, it was better than I expected, and I’ve beta tested a lot of games. Get your Adventure co-op RPG fix here, it’s probably what you are looking for. Have fun!"
76561197972401145,Recommended,527230,30449949,Posted: 11 March,all,RasaNova,"This game is punishingly hard. But it's so damn amazingly fun to play!It leads you on thinking you're doing ok, then without warning cranks the difficulty up to 11. But it's so damn amazingly fun to play!You will be in situations where to survive you need to make an easy roll, or the enemy needs to fail theirs. You'll get the worst and they'll get the best. But it's so damn amazingly fun to play!You will be given impossible quests and run out of time causing the whole world to gradually turn against you. But it's so damn amazingly fun to play!The game looks like a tactical rpg similar to Final Fantasy Tactics, or even Heroes of Might & Magic. But don't be fooled, the game description is dead on when they say Strategy, JRPG Combat, and Roguelike elements. This is not an epic adventure that lets you take your time and build your team. You will need to make major decisions in how you proceed with what the game offers (or throws at you) and at some point these decisions will be wrong, and you will die. Or if not, then the RNG will screw you, and you will die.Basically, don't expect to beat the game. I assume it IS possible, people claim to have beaten it and they probably aren't deities or cheating (but who am I to say.) What you CAN expect is a very enjoyable run-through, seeing how far you can get each time before everything falls apart.When I started to write this, I really was not sure if I'd give the thumbs up or down. I would start a game, get to a tipping point where the game says ""F You"" and all hope would crumble, leaving my party dead and me quitting in rage and frustration. But, a bit later I would always want to start it up and try again. It really IS fun to play. A lot of fun. And victories really feel like VICTORIES, there were some battles that deserved songs written about them.So yeah, try it. As long as you don't have a heart condition."
,Not Recommended,527230,34268256,Posted: 15 August,all,WadeStar,"I really want to enjoy this game but in the end it's the combat is random and punishing that I can't tell anymore between bad design and legitimate bugs. I can be trucking along just fine and then (this has happened multiple times) I'll get into a fight where two characters get killed by critical hits and (this is the clincher for me) the enemies get multiple rounds of actions before my one remaining character even gets to attack. I just get to watch as my guy stands there taking attack from monster 1, attack from monster 2, attack from monster 1 again, attack from monster 2 again! The little time line at the top in no way illustrates what's happening. No, I'm not stun locked. Stun lock is another baffling and stupid design choice in this game. Please developers. Don't implement a stun system that allows stun lock. Darkest Dungeon fixed this problem. Learn from their GOOD design. So it's not stun lock... I'm just watching my turn repeatedly never come up and then the enemy kills my remaining hero who had full health and (with use of focus) could have easily won the battle. Seriously? Is the speed mechanic that FUBAR? Is this by design or a bug? The fact remains that combat is so appallingly unbalanced and then coupled with a UI that is uninformative (why does this timeline exist? I just need a simple queue to know who moves next... every other game does it this way) that I don't know if I'm experiencing buggy behavior or crap combat. Badly designed obfuscated RNG-stink-pile or buggy mess? You tell me. I tell you: skip this game until it's either on sale or finished (whenever that might be).The game has potential and a lot going for it but it quickly wears off with repeatedly infuriating game play experiences. That combat system is interesting at its core, but not balanced as a whole. It doesn't come together as a whole to enjoyable and challenging. It's frustrating. And I don't know if the issues are by design or are bugs. Even if you grind the game (which is not fun), weird crap like the above can come along and destroy all your efforts. With all the hours I've put into this game, I should have completed it by now. But I haven't because eventually some stupid freak bad luck comes along and wrecks my progress. Now I get to go back and play the same repetative early game quests all over again. Gee, thanks."
76561198027251183,Recommended,527230,33132059,Posted: 2 July,all,Lykurgos,"InsertI don't normally review games but . . . [/i}. . .  yeah, this one deserves praise and recommendation.The short version is that has tabletop flavour, charismatic graphics and animations, compelling party management choices, interesting turn based tactical combat and a very challenging campaign.Having played up to level 7 in one day I am ready to buy all and any DLC incoming and eagerly await further development including addition of an alternative game mode which removes the time-pressurised main quest.The WorldOverground exploration is performed in a vibrantly colourful hex based map rich with encounters, towns, dungeons and one off skill based challenges. Fog of war obscures unexplored zones.Player Characters & EnemiesDirect RPG style character development is fairly light. On levelling up heroes gain attack and health and that is all. However there are opportuntiies to increase key statistics during play, mainly as rewards for successfully completing challenges but also in the form of one-off consumables.Otherwise it is gear that determines character abilities and strengths. The game doesn't throw lots of gear at you but what it does give offers meaninful trade offs, for example a higher damage attack versus a boost to a utility stat versus a powerful ability. Equipped items are visible on the character models and there are slots for weapons, shields, helms, boots, armor, a ring and an amulet - giving considerable options.QuestingIs very simple. There is a main quest for which progress must be made. The main quest *is* on a soft timer, meaning that if not advanced, the game becomes progressively more difficult through the addition of 'chaos' and 'scourges' that worsen your odds of any kind of successful action and add specific negatives.I usually dislike any kind of countdown system but do not dislike it here. It feels challenging rather than demanding and irritating, and encourages me to be focused and make careful choices about what to do.Side quests are issued from settlements. On visiting a new settlement heroes may choose from quests arranged by reward - reducing chaos (effectively resetting the main quest timer), an item (sometimes very powerful) or gold. Completion is achieved by visiting a place or winning a specific combat.Combat and ChallengesEverything is subject to the randon number gods but the system itself is fairly simple. Every action requires X number of successes driven by a single statistic. Each stat is out of 100 so high values lead to more positive outcomes. In combat there are typically bonuses when 'perfect' rolls are made and in challenges there are better rewards. A renewable character resource known as focus can usually be used to lock in one or more successes, making a perfect outcome more likely.Focus can also be used to extend movement range.Early Access NigglesIt can be tricky to select an enemy during some combats if the default weapon action is a self-target or group-target action since as soon as a single-target action is selected it will trigger on whatever is already selected. This can sometimes result in an attack on a sub-optimal attack on an enemy with resistance to the attack type but targetted by a previous character.The monsters in the world are interesting, varied and very well animated. At present however there is no bestiary so they lack lore and any information about their abilities.Hero gear is very important but the inventory is just a little bit fiddly to operate, lacking any drag and drop system. It is a minor irritant only."
76561198072534317,Recommended,527230,30482152,Posted: 12 March,all,U CaNNoT CaRRy [A]nYmoRe,"Man, this game is addictively AWESOME!It's a Gem! You won't regret buying it; every detail of the game shows that the team uses all their heart to craft this game for us the players to enjoy.Highlights:- Rogue-like game with decent difficulty, requires strategy and of course very often rng.- Great music!- Cute graphics style!- Abundant unlocks with tokens you earn in game.- Plentiful playable classes (a few need to be unlocked)Mechanics Highlights:- ""Focus"" mechanics, which is basically spending a replenishable scarce resouces (could consider it mana) to minimize rng effect in order to secure a target objective.- Each hero is a seperate team with its own turns on map. You could have three heroes moving into totally different directions to accomplish different tasks, but moving alone always incurs great risks. Even when you try to move your characters towards same objective, if one moves too far yet others could not catch up, lonely members could be prone to dangers.- Ambush or Ambushed. No beasts in your path and feeling confident to go a bit further alone? Reconsider that, because not only you can set up an ambush for enemies to gain extra strategic opportunities, but also those evil and dark creatures who hide their presence waiting for you to step in the traps.- Main quest timers. You could always roam around the map to explore and loot, but tic toc tic toc, main quests do have timers, if you get too distracted from the story quest objective, there will be consequences."
76561198133121363,Recommended,527230,30251520,Posted: 28 February,all,Oligator,"Overall, im pretty impressed about how good this game currently is and how good this game could be. At first i was like, meh this game maybe won't worth it by looking at the store page's video. but then i realised how good it was by playing it.Therefore, i spotted some issues/inconvenients/things to make this game better.-first i do think that there should be some kind of random item that you can buy with lore books when you die and you can equip these right when you start the game instead of ""unlocking them"" during your playthrough.-second, maybe im extremely bad or something, but in easy mode it took me like 5 try doing the exact same thing and dying at the boss of the first dungeon to actually defeat it.-Third, as i said, you're doing the exact same storyline, same quests, same people, same town. maybe the names should changes or something like that.-then of course new items should be added. thats a must.-also *****PLEASE***** change how this game is based on your luck. make us feel like we missed our attack not because of the luck and random number generator. this needs to stop <3.-would be fun to explore freely, have the time you want to farm and spend time doing the stuff you want instead of just following a single questline and worry about chaos thing. just let us choose when and which quest we want to do. Don't get me wrong, the chaos mechanic is original and interesting, it's actually a nice feature.In conclusion im just trying to say some tips that would make the game better in my opinion and im definitely looking forward to this game to be a good one. Im supporting you guys on this one !i am editing frequently this review while im playing the game to tell what i like and what i dont like. i hope my opinion can make this game better."
,Recommended,527230,34893243,Posted: 11 September,all,Arnolds,"This game is very impressive for what it is. For an early access game it runs well and is rather addictive. While im enjoying it so far, I do have to say this:Dont play if you dont want to make a time commitmentDont play if you can't handle rogue-like games.Don't play if you expect a finished product. Do expect some glitches and they will try to get to them.Dont play if you dont like hard games. This game is hard and you will lose. Heck, the game tells you that you will probs die on the fist few tries, so expect to die.So yeah unless you fit one of those things play this game. It is certainly worth the $15 it costs right now ($14.99 as of 9/11/2017).IN SUMMARY: BUY THIS GAME AND PREPARE TO DIE FOR THE KING!"
,Recommended,527230,30348837,Posted: 5 March,all,KoF | Rensius,"I played this game a few times now, didn't succeed to finish the game yet on 'easy' (which is actually, frikkin hard).It is very addicting and fun. I have a great time while playing this game, love the animations, artwork, gameplay ALMOST everything.One thing that definitely should be changed is the Chaos timer. I've read a lot about people complaining and that they think that it should be completely removed (unless playing on hardcore).I do NOT thing the timer should be removed, the timer makes sure you feel a bit pressure and that you have to hurry. But the time you get is just painfull and not enough. just. not. enough. We need more time, at least I do.I would definitely recommend this game to everyone who loves RPS's / Co-op / Turn-based games. This game is very unique in it's kind!"
76561198079779770,Recommended,527230,31442324,Posted: 29 April,all,Caitlyn Jenner,"YES, buy this game! Pretty much all of my time playing this game was during the first two weeks of the release of this game. Through all the bugs and errors going on at the time I still loved this game. It's only getting better from here. Please note all the reviews for this game have less than 10 hours. They're people who expected a perfectly refined game. That's not what early access games are.. they still have bugs, and they still need work. This game is far from what I typically play. I don't even like turn based games that much but this game was way different than the typical turn based strat game. There is RnG but all of that can be counteracted by being a smart player. The future for this game looks awesome! I can't wait to see where this goes and I hope everyone else is just as excited. Do your best to not read guides. There is so much to this game especially when figuring out how it works that makes it so much more fun.Note: My time for this game was multiplayer, not single player. Single player hardly has any bugs from what I saw."
76561198042342015,Recommended,527230,34651476,Posted: 31 August,all,ericc555,"This is an effing fantastic game!  First and foremost, although at first glance this may look like an SRPG, it is most definitely a turn based RPG with a hex based overworld.  Your characters each move across the overworld by taking turns, and if they encounter an enemy, you can choose to fight, ambush the enemy, or use stealth to sneak by without engaging (with a variable chance of success).  If you choose to ambush or fight, then you either battle using just that character, or with any others that are within 3-4 hexes on either side of the encounter.  This usually means at least two and usually all three of your party members will be involved, given the 3-5 hex movement range per turn and the way that the overworld objectives are set up.  Of note, if there are additional enemies in the area of engagement, then they are pulled into the battle as well, so you'll want to keep that in mind when choosing whether to enter a battle.Each battle is fairly quick; these are not long drawn out affairs, but rather exciting battles with expertly animated actions by both your characters and the enemy(ies) with fantastic graphic effects.  I really can't say enough good things about the battles, both from a gameplay and graphics/animation standpoint.  The blood effects and combat/death animations in this game really ramp up the immersion, and it's sincerely refreshing to see it all come together along with the gameplay.  Those factors, along with random events that occur while moving around the overworld (stumbling upon a dead soldier, helping a guy with a broken cart, etc.), create a very unique and interesting game world to explore.Granted, I'm still in the first hour or so of the game, but I'm very impressed so far.  So much so that I alt tabbed out to write this review and hopefully convince others to buy this gem.I also wanted to comment about the roguelike nature of the game as well as the difficulty issues that have been mentioned by reviewers before me.  Despite playing several roguelike games over the years, I rarely get into them for very long.  I actually delayed buying this one because of that issue, and was very concerned that I'd be beating my head against a wall due to lack of progress and/or story.  Hats off to the devs, as they've done a fantastic job within this genre, creating a game that flows well and gives the player a sense of progression without a save-state system.With regard to difficulty, I am playing on the easiest setting and have not lost any characters yet in the appx 60 minutes that I've been playing.  Although this could change rapidly, I usually have a pretty good idea of how a game will play with regard to difficulty after an hour or so, and I have to say that this game seems very well balanced.  There are of course RNG factors, as that is how each battle is played out, but the percentages to hit, determine damage #s, and crit are very reasonable without having to pray to the RNG god for special items or spells.To finish up, I'm also pleasantly surprised at the polish of this EA game.  I've played several and this one is definitely in the beta area of development with very few game altering bugs.  I have used an XBOX 360 controller for 95% of the game, only needing to use the mouse a few times total when the controller wouldn't select a text box in a few of the tutorial fields.  In a game like this it's actually pretty rare to have full controller support, and I'm really glad that the devs decided to go that route.A big giant thumbs up overall, particularly if you like immersive, turn based RPG games.  A MUST BUY!E"
76561198007568400,Recommended,527230,34674878,Posted: 1 September,all,faultyrobot,I upgraded my pipe to increase the power of herbs. It's just like real life.
,Recommended,527230,33713513,Posted: 21 July,all,EveryonePanic,"My first playthrough was a slugfest that I lost before the third round. My party wiped before level 4.My second playthrough was a tough but I always managed to get the edge just in time. I kept the chaos down, I rolled just good enough, found items at just the right time etc. It was challenging until the last. I went to fight what I think is the end boss, and went from doing well against the foes leading up to him, to being TKO in seconds.It is tough, it is roguelite, it has RPG, loot and choices. The story is uninspiring, and I don't care one bit. The graphics are charming. The combat is satisfying especially when you start to get a sweet spot of gear, levels, and group composition. It plays like a boardgame in many ways, including rolling die for everything. You live and die by the roll of the dice. There is room for improvement, but as is the game is quite good as is.If you like complicated or involved board games, roguelike/lite, JRPG combat - this game seems a no brainer to me. I'm 14 hours in, so that works out to about $1 per hour, and getting cheaper as I go :)If you want to play games where your decisions only matter a bit, and you can afford some sloppy mistakes, this is not your game. It punishes you for stupid choices. Many times you don't know beforehand that it was a bad move. That's called learning. But the following playthrough(s) you will be able to apply the knowlege that you will forge on the crucible of sucess and suffering. Case in point: I wiped at level 3 first time, then dialed up my tactical choice making and strived to consider ""moves ahead"". Second run I lasted until level 11."
76561197982685012,Recommended,527230,30326538,Posted: 4 March,all,Rivethead,"As of this writingFor The Kingis still in early access.FTK is a game in the same RNG-Is-GOD mode asDarkest Dungeon; ie,  you have disposable characters on a rouge-like turn-based RPG etc etc etc..I do like the game overall, and I am even more thrilled that the devs have stated that they will include a ""free adventure"" mode in the near future ( a mode where there either is no ""chaos timer"" or the effects of said timer are minimal)See, FTK is all about this choas timer....and RNG luck.....and a seemingly sadistic dev crew =). While the tutorial does cover the basics it does little to prepare a player for the countless Party Wipe / Restart / Wipe / Restart/ Wipe....you get the picture.Overall I see a great game in this one! Stay tuned!Rivscore-  79 / 100"
76561197992563312,Recommended,527230,31657914,Posted: 9 May,all,Ocean_NB,"Great game, in the flavor of the old Heroes of Might and Magic.  Lots fo replayability and the updates come fast and jam packed full of new content and imporvements.  Well worth the cost."
,Recommended,527230,33475741,Posted: 12 July,all,Sir_Bertran,"An excellent example of an indie game, where hardcore and unforgiving gameplay meets sweet graphics, that hides agony and rage of player under the friendly colourful design.Great painful co-op experience for 3 friends, that definitely will learn to play together or hate each-other.May the godsbeard will be with you."
76561198254308320,Recommended,527230,32882043,Posted: 27 June,all,Shello,"Amazing game. Graphics are fantastic and run smoothly even on my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ old laptop, and the basic mechanics are relatively easy to pick up but nearly impossible to master, which I love.The main concern of a lot of people seems to be that there is only 1 story-line. However, every world is completely different, and there are SO many enounters (you can unlock even more with Lore Points, which are in-game currency you recieve for completing certain quests). This means every game I have played is completely different and offers a unique experience, lasting about 8 hours in total for me (although I take my time optimising my turns and such).All in all a fantastic buy, easily worth the 12 quid and has given me hours of joy and pleasure, and I'm sure will give me more."
76561197973490554,Recommended,527230,32829970,Posted: 26 June,all,xsvenom,"Got this on sale, well worth it, even for early access. Done very well. Fun at a cheap price. This will be a nice quality game when complete. This game is truely a gem in a pile of dung for this bummer sale event. Do yourself a favor, get it at this price and try it. It's not getting refunded. Looking forward to spending a night at the keyboard playing this one."
,Recommended,527230,34703057,Posted: 2 September,all,Retro_Maniac,"This Game feels like im playing Dungeons & Dragons its sooo much fun really addicting , not at first but the second time i was playing non stop. I love these type of games i enjoy them alot. Check it out i give it a 4 / 5 !!"
76561198009667349,Recommended,527230,30320260,Posted: 4 March,all,Ghini,"What a gem of a game. I wasn't sure at 1hr 56mins and considered a refund. Boy am I glad I stuck with it. Really enjoy this game. It's missing mechanics explainations that take away some of the fun and understanding but the teams seems very devoted to making this game a total success. I recommend, the developers change very little with the current difficulty and focus on bug fixes and more content. Love the Volcano Hat!!! Great job. Updated from 8.5 to 9.5/10. The more I play the more I realize this is amazing."
,Recommended,527230,30256341,Posted: 1 March,all,Marsh,"Played with a friend for about an hour and a half, and we had a blast. Took about 5 minutes to figure out what the hell we were doing, then all of the sudden we realized we had a time limit, and it was a big rush.Great RPG with simple mechanics. It has a few rough patches, and I hope the devs work with the community to fix them. But, all in all, a swell experience that I can't wait to do again tomorrow.(Edit: The game has been updated, and a few of those rough patches have already been fixed. The devs are pretty active, and even have a discord set up for direct communication.)Update: The game has gotten quite a few updates, and is better than ever. It's a much more user friendly and approachable, while still as focused and challenging as ever. Although, the game relies on RNG a fair amount, it isn't harsh. You failures are a result of your own choices, not the roll of a die. (Especially thanks to the Focus system - A way to help make sure you don't roll badly.)"
,Recommended,527230,30256767,Posted: 1 March,all,Kumoa,"it's rather fun. Great looking graphics, random maps each time you play and can unlock different classes. Interesting combat. Not your normal game for sure. check it out."
76561198029020480,Recommended,527230,30511715,Posted: 14 March,all,hubert,"Simple dynamics, hard to master. I finally (finally!) got through the first story line on Easy and am dreading what's going to happen when the difficulty moves up. Yes, there are no doubt some balance issues that need to be worked out, but the game is continually intriguing, changing, and entertaining (and aggravating).  Looking forward to what the developer does with this fun idea."
76561198088789448,Recommended,527230,30342902,Posted: 5 March,all,hqlamvu,"Fantastic game. RPG with difficulty and decision making. Limited turn but once you figure out the mechanic it's easy to beat. However on ""normal"" and ""hard"" difficulty, it's pretty insane. Just imagine you play Dark Soul 3 difficulty on a Stategy board game. Expect to die a lot.  Still beatable."
76561198254347980,Recommended,527230,31190183,Posted: 16 April,all,Flashcu Gaming,"For The King is a very addictive game and can be enjoyed by many others. But there is this one issue that I have. Whenever I am fight enemies in the Glittering Miners or trying to buy item from the shop, there is a screen that has a rainbow all over and then crashes the game. Please fix this bug. My platform is Mac"
76561198002335562,Recommended,527230,31251370,Posted: 20 April,all,Pejji,"13 fails in a row at 85%,witch played 20 times in a row and chain-stunned me without failing,10/10 would RNG again"
76561198008962868,Recommended,527230,30256490,Posted: 1 March,all,ehan_dogan,"Its just perfect.-cool graphics-no performance issues-good game mechanics-everytime when u play again you can learn new things and earning ``lore`` with that ``lore`` you can open new chars and items , so this game have a good repeatable gameplay without boring you."
76561198152571999,Recommended,527230,30253637,Posted: 28 February,all,Shogoki_Oni,"Loving it so far! Very clever game, not easy by any means. It has such a unique feel to it. The art is gorgeous, the gameplay is smart and challenging and for an early access game it feels quite polished. Definitely worth checking out if you are into tabletop games. There is so much potentitial here, great work!"
76561198077297773,Recommended,527230,30273245,Posted: 1 March,all,GasTheFanz,"[UPDATE] 03/11/2017Its been a couple of weekls but I wanted o update this review with more good news! The Devs are pretty amazing and have listened to the community on a number of things concerning gameplay.The Chaos time rnow reflects the mode which you play, which has been great and a bit more balanced as well as being consistant on bug fixes, etc.....But what has really turned my rating up from a 8/10 to a 9/10 is that I have actually learned to figure out a lot more of the mechanics and have progressed a lot more than I have before!A lot of things that may not make sense now, will later, when you lose quite a few times and gets your brain to thinking about items like Teleport Scrolls, Glass Weapons, gearing your characters correctly and using a lot more strategy that I had missed in the earlier rounds of play!The game is actually brilliant! The frustration is less and the fun factor just broke the glass ceiling for me! Overall, this will probably go down as one of the best titles in its respective genre!Dont be too frustrated if you lose a lot, and dont worry bout keeping your team together at all times, youll find all sorts of strategies to play if you really think about them and the items (Teleport Scrolls, GodsBeard, Upgrading Pipes, etc) available to you!9/10 Would suffer those losses to play with different strategies again!------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Probably one the better RPG rogue`ish ""board"" ""dice"" type games. great concept and turn based battles make it a lot of fun...Still in Dev, and the team seems to be listening to the community on a number of suggestions for improvements....Its a challenge to play! Even on ""easy"" mode it can be brutal! The devs said they plan to tweak and add a ""free"" mode to the game for exploring and chill gaming.....The chaos timer in game runs a bit too fast, imo. Makes it a bit harder to actually gear and level up your characters between each objectives, and forget doing any side quests, you just wont have time to!I undestand the mechanic, and its a great one, it just needs a little bit of tweaking for balance and for difficulty modes....All in all, the game is pretty stable and a lot of fun and frustration! If you like challenging games like Darkest Dungeon and Dark Souls, this is right up your alley. The price is right and the gameplay can be a blast! Worth the money for a EA title!8/10 would let the Chaos timer kill me again."
,Recommended,527230,32902125,Posted: 27 June,all,Mean and Gay,Realy great game with difficulty. 10/10
76561198065623886,Recommended,527230,34757871,Posted: 5 September,all,airenki,"First try, didn't survive the first night....O.oNext try, got an Op sword. So cool imma steam roll them! Sword broke after 2 uses O.o.........9th try it's 4 am need to sleep,.. just another turn then...... 2 hours later... maybe another turn."
,Not Recommended,527230,32331495,Posted: 10 June,all,Hyde,"I played this game in early access with a friend, on 06/10/2017. I will be refunding it once I post this review.I can see the appeal. I can see where this might have been a good game, and for all I know, might still be a good game when it comes out of early access. Trouble is, in the current state, there is no balance whatsoever. In fact, to use the word ""balance"" anywhere near this game is an insult to the very concept.It is literally rigged. Perhaps not on purpose, but as an example, over three play sessions spanning almost an hour, I was never (not an exaggeration) able to roll a perfect 4 on my attack (in fact, even using the ""focus"" mechanic to guarantee 3 of the successes on several occasions, it still failed my fourth roll). Simple bad luck, right?.. until we noticed the AI rolled perfect 4 successes quite often. So often in fact, that we started tallying it up. Six perfect rolls in a row by the opponent later, our party was decimated. It wasn't until several battles into our next game that we saw a single roll from the AI that wasn't perfect.Not fun."
76561197977463109,Recommended,527230,30909066,Posted: 2 April,all,Michael Hahaha,"This is my first review for a game, but I have to review this wonderous RPG. Although it is still in the early stages, For the King (FTK) brings together a different approach to RPGs. The approach to the game is interesting, bringing a Fire Emblem overview while adding a turn-based combat style. The art style is great and traditional as compared to most modern games. I enjoy always having to make game changing decisions every round. For instance, every moment and move during each of your characters turn is crucial. I spent well over 5 hours on this game and still want more! Even with the amounts of deaths I have run into, I still want to play the game to beat it! Only consideration I would recommend is adding on descriptions for each status skill (talent, strength, etc...). Also, for items, it would be great if a ""(for battle)"" only and such would be added to help players understand items better.I learned this game through YouTuber ""SplatterCatGaming""I cannot wait for the full game!!"
,Recommended,527230,32892819,Posted: 27 June,all,Words Not Swords,"This game is incredably fun but I do have one complaint about it, I have tried to play on my own computer and that game lagged to much. I decided that since my brother also has the game and he also has a better computer I would play it on his. I had gone into the video settings on his computer and the resoution can go below 600 x 400 but mine goes down to 1280 x 800. If I could find a way to get my resolution down to that level then I would be able to say that this is a near flawless game."
76561198003174568,Recommended,527230,30689695,Posted: 23 March,all,Sleepwalker,Great game -  even when u get wiped and have to start over you unlock lore points which can be used to unluck other classes and items for next play attempt. Well done devs
,Recommended,527230,31840447,Posted: 19 May,all,ZP13_,"Good game, for being early access.Haven't experienced any game-breaking bugs in single player.Multiplayer tends to have issues with disconnecting (despite always playing on the same wifi) and the game does not have an option (currently) to save without exiting, meaning I've played the first 30 minutes of the game quite a few times. However, the game DOES warn you before hand that MP is still very much in its infancy, so the player should expect bugs.Biggest complaint I have is the quest timer, meaning you have X number of turns to complete a quest, and if you don't the game becomes more difficult each turn; you complete that quest, and now you have Y number of turns to complete the next quest. I understand it to an extent, but it limits your ability to level your character(s) before tackling a dungeon.Once you die (or D/C without saving), you start over and do the same exact quests, on a slightly different map. Because of this, after a few restarts, the game can become very samey.Despite these points, I do highly recommend buying the game. I've had LOADS of fun playing this with my friends. The story is good. Every character has a role and every role feels important. Different weapons have different skills, so you can swap things around on different playthroughs to try things out. The loot sharing system consists of, after a fight, and item pops up and one character has the option to Equip, Collect, or Pass the item to the next character, which works really well."
76561198127479140,Recommended,527230,33049165,Posted: 30 June,all,Elon's Musk,"For the King has been very entertaining so far.  It is a essentially a turn based rpg dice rolling game similar to D&D or Pathfinder.  FTK is also loot based, which is one of my favorite things to see in a game.  It is a very difficult game, but after clearing a dungeon or crypt you are likely to leave with some pretty satisfying gear.  I'd definitelly reccomend it."
76561197963852846,Recommended,527230,32708203,Posted: 23 June,all,Finger,"It's fun so far, I have a few complaints though, one being the game seems very much geared for the console crowd, not us dedicated PC gameers, and I hate that. And another thing is the camara contol is non-existent in combat, you just get what you get and thats it although I could be wrong because like I said, it is ment for the console and the keys might be set up weird and not in the normal place. Camera in the open world too is weird, only scrolls with mouse to the edge, no rotation from what I've seen, although you can zoom in and out. *I'll update if I'm wrong.Game is hard core, even on easy. When your party is dead, it's over, restart new group on a new random map.But it is what it is I guess and it is one thing...FUN...high fun factor IMO."
,Recommended,527230,30351361,Posted: 5 March,all,MN Bassin',"This is a fun game, but when your people start dying, chaos ensues. In chaos you can't revive anyone and your game is pretty much over. If there was a mode available without chaos, this game would be very good. In choas, I play for an hour or so, then I die. I want to see whats available later in the game, but almost impossible to make it out of wave 2. You are pretty much timed to get things done, or you're in trouble. The map looks awesdome and I would like to explore and open new areas, but instead I'm forced to stay on this straighten arrow. Very fun though, and I enjoy the combat, just want to adventure without a timer."
,Recommended,527230,30364264,Posted: 6 March,all,Developer :D,"This is by far probably my favorite game I have ever bought on Steam or for any type of consol, phone or computer. Even though this game is in SUPER early access, the content, storyline, gameplay, graphics, strategy, and all aspects of this game are brilliantly designed and created. THIS GAME IS RECOMMENDED FOR ALL AGES and is great fun for all gamers. This game should be marketed as higher because of its greatness. Worth the money for sure."
76561198115834993,Recommended,527230,30484953,Posted: 12 March,all,Aina Sul,"Loving this game.... diying alot even on easy, yeah this game is pretty difficult. RNG is a B|T(|-|"
,Recommended,527230,30745860,Posted: 26 March,all,Beefyrulz,"Don't feel like going super in-depth with this review, but I'll just say that I quite like it. It has a very D&D feel to it, in a good way. Admittedly it seems like it might be a little.... 'hardcore' for my tastes? But that's not to say it's bad, just sucks that the campaigns can end so quickly, never really get the chance to get invested into my character or anything. The only thing I can really gripe about is that the character models for one, all look quite samey in terms of the base body, and without any real character customization, again, it makes it hard to really get invested in my characters. Also, all the character models just look way too serious and stern, and all in equal proportion. Doesn't really give the individual characters 'character', y'know? Makes them all just seem like generic disgruntled mercenaries with different outfits.Of course that's honestly a pretty subjective argument and has no real affect on the actual gameplay.All in all, it's actually a pretty nice little Early access turn-based RPG strategy game. I quite enjoyed it. Of course it still needs some work before it's really 100% solid, but for $15 I say it's at least worth the gamble."
,Recommended,527230,30480111,Posted: 12 March,all,Mother_Superior,An excellent mix of light-heartedness with challenging difficulty level and complex enough gameplay to keep you interested!
,Recommended,527230,30257986,Posted: 1 March,all,123,"great game, for those who like roguelike games with a bit more then a dungeon scenery this game really have potential, right now the game is hard and fun the way i like it :) but there is room for improvment. but that said you get a good EA game you can play right now and enjoy that it will only get better from here"
,Recommended,527230,30499863,Posted: 13 March,all,Stewper Duper,this game is so amazing and i dont know why. after the first 4ish hours you get the hang of it and can really progress. i recomend saving lore books for the characters first.
,Recommended,527230,31337124,Posted: 24 April,all,Estipen,"Gameplay wise, the game is fun and exciting to play with friends. It sets a very competitive scene to try and finish the game with flying colors BUT i really hate how RNG is big factor to the fights. Like having a 90% accuracy on each slot but the attack still misses for some reason. Plus there is this game mechanic that limits your freedom to explore the map (rounds left) per set of quests. There should be an option for the players to free roam the map and level up characters and farm items before going through the quests. Just make it so that everytime any character levels up, the main quests' difficulties go up as well just so the player can't just outfarm the enemies in the main quest. Also, maybe you can adjust the expensiveness of the items in the late game cause it just makes the game more impossible to play especially on a Co-op perspective where sometimes people need to keep money for their own items than having one person to carry all the money and buy everything (i.e. having a herbalist buy all the godsbeards for maximum efficiency of healing per turn in fights)."
76561198025549682,Recommended,527230,31122856,Posted: 13 April,all,FriendBoat,This game is better than I could have hoped 100% best purchase iv made on steam for under 20 bucks. Pretty difficult even on easy but it's short enough that its meant to be played through repeatedly. The closest game that comes to mind is faster than light but a million times better
76561198034830911,Recommended,527230,31225788,Posted: 18 April,all,EasternRabbit,"Warningas this is gonna be a long♥♥♥♥♥review, it just shows how much i enjoy the game thus far!:)FTK is really good even in it's Alpha Stage! FTK is a turn-based strategy with board game elements, in terms of rolls for movements and attacks. The art style is beautiful and very colorful, as well as little small details like being able to see the armors and weapons you equipped and the characters head would turn to face their opponents during their turn, etc. The music and sound are amazing too! Different music for different area around the map!  There is online and local multiplayer system.At the moment the story is rather simple and short. You choose 3 classes to play with from the start and be prepared, the game is difficult, even on Easy mode. FTK does have an interesting concept, which is having a Chaos Meter, that will fill up each turn you move. Eventually it will fill up the Chaos pointers (Max is 5 pointers at the moment), which will lead to random bad things happening around the world that either effect you or the world and overall would increase the difficulty of the game; like encountering something bad when you move around or random mini bosses appearing giving you bad effects or random Chaos Tower appears, & even Chaos Defenders appear as you move. These random appearances are ways you could decrease the Chaos Pointers by defeating them, giving you more time to do whatever you want to do.Many do not like this feature of FTK, but personally i like it, as it forces me to think before i move and overall it is not as bad as it seems, giving that I'm still able to complete the game and explore the whole map afterall.The location, mobs, side quests & loots are randomly generated each time you start a new game, so there is a replay vaule to it. Furthermore, there is Lore Store, for you to unlock very interesting Locations, Gears, and even new Characters to play with for your next new game, which leads to different strategy, planning and combinations. The gears you equip do play a part of your strategy as well, so you might want to think about what gears you want to use. There isn't a restriction on gears, it lets you equip whatever gears you can find, only for the weapons, it requires your stats for better success chance rate in rolls. Unfortunately, there is no crafting system and only a limited amount of side quests you could choose to do for each game you play, which is quite sad for me.There are really so many ways you can play depends on your strategy and that alone is replay value. After 22 hours of gameplay, with my 6th attempt, and i finally beaten the game, still only on Easy mode, using a Woodcutter, a Trapper & a Minstrel. I am more than happy with it and i'm ready to go again, this time using other different characters, trying different strategy and combinations of gears.I would like to thank the developers for making this game so enjoyable and fun! I can't wait for new updates and for the full release of this game!"
76561198087906285,Recommended,527230,30335031,Posted: 5 March,all,Slartybutfast,so where to start... ah yes its hard even on easy its hard so with that in mind its a great game but practically impossible to beat i got to the last boss fully decked in gear feeling smug and that boss crushed my dreams of wining like trump crushed hillarys
,Recommended,527230,33799489,Posted: 25 July,all,JB83,"This is amazing cross up of classic turn based RPG, Roguelikes and adventure board games like Armello. A blast to play with friends."
,Recommended,527230,33158830,Posted: 2 July,all,Slurms Mckenzie,Unplugging a Controller while in the middle of someone's turn bugs the game out so you can't do anything but quit and lose your progress.
76561198048999499,Recommended,527230,32860324,Posted: 27 June,all,~elitekiller~,"Great game with barely anything they need to work on. BUY IT!!!! I even like the sea travel and kracken, just not the glitchy boarding and unboarding system.(more on this at the bottom i guess and even then its not that bad).My second biggest tip?(first is at the end but may be spoiler-ish but not really) Make sure you know how to use, control, and regain focus. have at least one non-tanky character with a focuse regen hat.my response to peoples complaints that should not really be compaintsThis game is not all about luck... you need to learn to manage everything better.you get ambushed like once every day oh noooo, that’s not often, otherwise there are no random encounters, you choose your battles. Sure the dungeons can be considered random but even then you just have to be the same level and have good strategy before going into them.The entire ""luck based game"" is not entirely luck based. you decide what items to buy, you decide when and how to use focus which offsets the luck portions. just get better at management and learn to play the gamedeath is not permanent, you can devote yourself to a shrine which sometimes brings you back from 0 health as an option to dying in a battle. You have the ability to revive a character that has fallen 4 times( more if you get more revives). If you cant get to the deceased, the deceased revives in i think its 2 turns  at the town of your selection( which is rather generous) with only a minor a hit to the units xp so the game doesn’t not let you get to the character.Ramblings :)Why i believe this game is not purely luck based like everyone here believes? You choose what items you buy... most people dont buy all the erbs or equipment they can get thier hands on. They dont know what enemies they can kill and get away with. they havent found the combo of characters that works for them and the game like i did. It takes experimentation and like 3 or 4 playthroughs before you know what you need to do. They dont choose/plan wisely... you dont need to rush rush rush when you know what items you want, what scourges you can defeat early one, what quests you will need to take( like taking a gold quest when you know chaos is about to rise and not taking the -1 chaos quest). Not using thier focus correctly or appropriatly and not buying items for focus which is what YOU choose not the game. When to challenge scourges, what quests is best to take(and no choosing the gold quest every time may not be the wisest...). You have to make sure  you battle what you can, take your time even though people think you have to rush, you dont,i sure dont and it gets me far as hell within 2 days, sometimes 3.Biggest tips (not really but i guess can be spoily just because it talks about my strategy/some items)? Dont rush even though you feel rushed!!use two blacksmiths( i guess brawny characters) and equip them first with any and all defence.Also a brains character and get the brains character a team heal and a fucus restoring hat. ( I prefer busker as the brains but found any work really). *Get that team heal and make sure you buy items, even on the very first turn of the game you can get an item in the city for one of your characters if you combine all gold before you even move. BATTLE BATTLE BATTLE, but know what you can and cannot killMy only bad experience with this gameFor those people complaining about difficulty and not able to control anything... it's sort of a lie until the later game when you get around to level 8 or 9. This is a fun game with great controls. I have only encountered one bug which did♥♥♥♥♥♥me off because it killed my two level 8's and one 9 character who ammassed 34 lore in one playthrough and may have beat the game had it not happened. While exploringi was on a boat with my level 8/9 crew and a few caves went fine but when i went to one and it said bring team with me, i did. it then proceeded to put my scholar in battle against 3 enemies while having the two other characters health bar show up and everything but not in play thus killing my scholar and sending my game out of control and dying withing the next few turns.Also a problem I have is that the prices for items shoot up for no real reason later on(scourges were eliminated and no chaos or active effects yet i believe the prices were x4 thier normal prices, normal colored text)."
,Recommended,527230,32806698,Posted: 26 June,all,Rusyn,"I'm a few hours in and can see the charm in it. It's a D&D fan's dream, with a procedural world to explore and no shortage of scary experiences. FTK keeps you on your toes.Unfortunately, a lot of it has to do with RNG. I can see ways to manage it and mitigate losses when RNG decides to slap the player in the face, but currently it's a bit *too* much, even on the easiest difficulty (My hunter's weapon broke three times in a row, in one fight, for no reason. He died shortly after).From what I've seen, the devs are honest and focused, so it may only be a temporary issue."
76561198202053296,Recommended,527230,30807309,Posted: 28 March,all,Ranger,"This is a really hard game. The game itself is really well designed, and has several good aspects. The first being that the map varies for each time you start a new game. This allows for unique gameplay every new adventure. Another great aspect of the game is that you have random fortunate or unfortionate encounters. From the weather being bad or looting a dead adventurer for free stuff. The game makes you take it all in stride. Besides these you have encounters that are unknown they could be bad for you, or they could be good. Your choices in these will often make the difference between horrible defeat and glorious victory. That all being said the best aspect of this game is that every little choice matters. From the characters you pick, to if you buy an herb or a weapon. Do you sell your old weapon just to have your new weapon be disintegrated? Do you buy an op weapon or get causitic ink to scare away the Kraken. No matter what the choice is it has a noticable affect in your game. For those try hards out there it offers a real challenge. It took me almost 94 hours of gameplay just to beat the normal mode! I still have no clue how you are supposed to beat hardcore. :) Overall I would totally recommend this game!Some other things to note are that it has a pretty relaxing soundtrack, and the multiplayer requires a literal ton of teamwork (albeit the multiplayer system is still a little buggy)."
,Recommended,527230,30945264,Posted: 4 April,all,Elmiel,"Still lot's of bugs, and can't passed the first quest yet. The game mechanic make it hard for the player to avoid the chaos.pro:+ good graphics+ good story+ relatively easy to get 4 lore items in hard mode to buy character in lore shopcons:- lower hit chance compared to monster hit chance- map generated based on your luck (lol), sometimes all the locations for the quest are close by each other and other time can be so far apart. both still make it hard to finish the quest.- low experience compared to how fast the story progress- unbalance enemy stats- some bugs in random npc (negative effect turn out positive)- can't loot the dead companion's items- ... (maybe more to come, have yet to explore much into the game --> died 4 times already)at this point I don't recommend this game to those who are expecting a good and easy game, it is HARD and so REPETITIVE, especially if you died alot."
76561198020066193,Recommended,527230,30406264,Posted: 9 March,all,Pyrotika,"Very good game,It needs work in balancing but I enjoy it very much.I have now 6 runs or so in the game and I either smash it until the final boss or fail in the first act, but it still is pretty good fun;)"
76561198075499469,Recommended,527230,31874629,Posted: 20 May,all,Wrynn,"Highly recomend this game. Xcom meets civ5 in a D&D like game. Fantasatic music, rouge like playthoughts along with an in game shop to add new content to keep things fresh. 9/10 for me"
,Recommended,527230,31069216,Posted: 10 April,all,Syphen,"So far I've only put a couple hours on the game. I can tell it's going to keep me entertained for quite some time. There's a couple things that should be implemented on online-coop to really polish things up...such as:* A better view of what teammates are doing during their turn(Seeing what they are hovering over, etc.)or* Ability to look around and go through inventory during a teammate's turnOverall, the game is very good for where it's in the alpha stage. Excited to see what the future of the game looks like!"
,Recommended,527230,30630580,Posted: 19 March,all,mlenart000,"Pretty fun game.  A simple game yet surprisingly deep.  With the ""lore"" system to unlock additional items, encounter, characters, outside of the game gives it replayability.  The rate at which you get lore seems really good too, the pace isn't either too fast nor too slow.  I enjoy this game both solo or with other people.One thing that i can see being annoying to some is at the moment there is very little to ""teach"" you the game.  A lot has to be learned just by playing and replaying the game.  That doesnt bother me too much, what does is I don't really understand the benefits of the stats in the game.  I understand that I want higher strength on a blacksmith/woodcutter and more intelligence on a scholar but I dont like not knowingwhat 1 point is actually worth.  Like I dont understand what vitality does.  Some amulets give vitality and health, is vitality for negative status resistance or does it also give health? I have no idea.  My assumption atm is that higher stats improve your hitchance of those weapon types and also your success chance of encounters of those types but thats just my speculation.The other problem atm is that there is no ingame chat as of when I am playing so unless you are playing with people you know and are using an external chat system, your coordination will be god awful.I would definitely recommend this game though."
,Recommended,527230,30702700,Posted: 24 March,all,Daxtillion,"I generally dont like turn based games but this game is well worth $15.. Lots of content fun to play solo or with friends. One thing to be aware of, this game only has 'Hardcore' game types, you die you loose everything and have to restart..."
,Recommended,527230,30267082,Posted: 1 March,all,Semirotta,"Pros:Turn basedMultiple charactersto play withDifferent rolesto play withA lotof random items,accessories etc.Very difficultDeathis not the end, you'll gainLore pointswhile playing and these can be spent to get items, vendors etc. to a new game.Game graphicsare adorable, looks pretty and is not really that heavy to play even with maxed out settings so even the lower end PC owners can play.Cons:Very difficult, it is a curse and a blessing. It keeps the game interesting, you have to take a hard look before you make your move or it might end up in a catastrophe.Online co-op buggy?I have not confirmed this, just the reviews and topics @ forums but Local co-op is working fine. Developers though have confirmed that the Online co-op is still WIP and will be optimized in the future.Items you find / purchase might breakand when they can break, they will break fast. Fail your rolls once and *buff* there goes your weapon. I hope you carry an extra with you!"
76561198318327963,Recommended,527230,30287523,Posted: 2 March,all,elundgr1,This game is awesome. It can seem a bit unfair at first but once you get the hang of it you learn how to maximize your effectiveness. That being said it really depends on how each map is set up for you to progress. Some maps are super spread out and you just wont be able to complete your quests in time. I got lucky on my 4th run and was finally able to beat the game (or get as far as they have allowed). It can be frustrating but give it time and it can be super rewarding.
,Recommended,527230,30332342,Posted: 5 March,all,Modifiedflaw,"This game, albeit it's bugs and need for fixes (which is why it's early access), it's absolutely fantastic. It mixes aspects of RPG with Strategy/Board Game style gameplay very well. Single player is okay, but multiplayer is where the most fun is to be had. Every move and decision you make could make a huge difference whether you live or die, succeed or fail, and that's an absolute blast. While fighting in dungeons I was literally biting my nails hoping we could pull it off. The teamwork in this game makes it that much more enthralling and just a blast to play. Only downside I really have right now besides the early access bugs are the save options. I really wish this game had a save option but instead it only has a save/exit option. This gets annoying when you need to save cause your party has to exit and log back in each time. I only have about 4 hours into the game right now but I plan to play a lot more. So all in all, if you're looking for a great game to play with your friends and don't mind or even like the strategy aspect, this is definitely one to check out. If you're looking for a lot of lore and great story/atmosphere, this may not be the game for you. It's the gameplay that keeps you sucked in, not so much the story/lore, etc. I'm not big on strategy games and I really enjoy this game so far. Give it shot. It's a great price for what it's promising."
,Recommended,527230,30359933,Posted: 6 March,all,Kiss-My-A--,The game is fun once you know what your doing. Give the game a chance. Early access so there are a bunch of things they need to fix. its a fun strategy game
,Recommended,527230,30383248,Posted: 7 March,all,windex5,Some friends and I found For The King randomly. We were looking for a good online co op game to play and this seemed to check all the boxes.  We didn't expect to spend most of our weekend getting more and more entrenched in the wonderful world For The King created.The cartoony graphics and sense of humor hide the brutal rouge like nature of the game and the ever haunting tension of trying to complete missions on time. Rage qutting is a common practice but success never tasted so sweet as when it is hard won.There are some bugs we have to work around given it's early stage in development but overall I can't recommend this game enough.
76561198006237073,Recommended,527230,30263492,Posted: 1 March,all,Genesis,"I haven't played lots yet (3.5 hours) but so far lots of fun and replayablility a few bugs here and there but overall a great experience.Edit 1;Decided to update my review after testing the online multiplayer mode. Having a blast with the game in single player but currently multiplayer is almost unplayable with constant ui bugs meaning you cannot select options such as abilities or to fight, sneak etc. Also suffer from constant disconnects just from the game which causes the host to also quit the game meaning progress is lost.So if you are buying with the intention of playing as Co Op only then I would suggest waiting until that part of the game is more stable.Still a fantastic game and lots of enjoyment to be had at such a low price."
76561198046689701,Recommended,527230,30340083,Posted: 5 March,all,cyborg_vole,"I love this game, its very much like Darkest Dungeon in the fact that you will get very annoyed but won't want to stop playing the game. It's an extreemly entertaining game that you will just want to continue playing. Give this game a few months more of develpment and it'll will be a 9/10, just a bit more balancing is needed."
76561198026739739,Recommended,527230,30320443,Posted: 4 March,all,WhatZooka,"This game is hard like dark souls but with a fun and interesting art style.You have 3 game modes but they are all hard so just go and play easy so you can at least kinda feel like your winning,spend all your money on healing items because you will never have enough, and DONT forget to taunt all the time.honestly I give this game a 9/10 woulda given it 10/10 but i would like a option to not do the queens quest and just explore.prosco-op online and localgreat art styletons to exploreprincess hathexagonshardcore optionconstime based questsbased mostly on luck"
76561198166319467,Recommended,527230,30351166,Posted: 5 March,all,SELFISH,we need chinese，it's a funny game
76561198006588509,Recommended,527230,30441564,Posted: 11 March,all,Pippykins,"the co op needs work, and controller play is a bit clumsy, but otherwise plays like a sold RPG board game. the mechanics are easy enough to grasp where decisions start getting real tence, and i haven't left easy mode yet. can't wait to see how it develops."
76561198002298518,Recommended,527230,30259547,Posted: 1 March,all,PrinceOfCups,"Great turn based rpg, can tell a lot of love has gone into it.A few bugs but thats expected.Love the artstyle and the complexity.Heaps of replayability, can't wait to play more!"
76561198052409898,Recommended,527230,30363917,Posted: 6 March,all,mcburress,Nothing wrong with the game I am just really bad at it.Suprising note:  I have a potato but this Unity game runs at 60fps.My specs amd a2 630 x4 2.8ghz w/ 8g ram and GeForce 750 gtx (1 power cable)
76561198092505262,Recommended,527230,30267847,Posted: 1 March,all,Zon,"Already one of my favourite games!If you like this type of game, buy it.I look forward to more content, since i've already unlocked all the Lore Store items, and gotten to the last boss (who's currently unbeatable(???))It's got great replayability, and the new characters certaintly mix things up!Overall balance in the game is alright, though some things could be refined (Blacksmith & Woodcutter seem kinda strong compared to the rest), and the Chaos mechanic is extremely tough, even on easy, if you don't manage your time right, and get stuff done quickly.I look forward to the Free Adventure Mode they're working on, where Chaos won't be looming all the time.For such a new game, this really is a gold nugget.10/10"
,Recommended,527230,31367723,Posted: 25 April,all,WIZARD OF RAP,Final Fantasy 1 had a baby with a roguelike and then unfortunately put a time limit on it. Delve deep into the Steam Forums to find the fabled mod to remove it.
76561198066977321,Recommended,527230,34743054,Posted: 4 September,all,Divine Devan,"Great game, if you like co-op and fantasy, then this game is for you, 9/10."
,Recommended,527230,33817610,Posted: 26 July,all,DreEeEeam,"Really good to play with friends, amazing devs who keep on updating and listening to feedback"
,Recommended,527230,35173814,Posted: 24 September,all,Miune,"I am still in shock that this is considered early access. This game is beyond fantastic and other developers should take note of how Ironoak does things. for an early access, it's extremely fun, and has plenty of content even now to keep a person going for many, many hours. if you like games where you make parties, collect loot, and play a board game, I can think of no better game then this. tack on that they have CO-OP, something I was VERY interested in. (actually the only reason I even tried it.) and this will most likely be my favorite game of 2017."
76561198030764044,Recommended,527230,31170623,Posted: 15 April,all,coolflame11432,"Omg.. This game is very fun! I could not stop playing. It is very hard every descision matter and time is not to be wasted in this game. One wrong move and boom dead. I was able to beat the game on easy mode that was hard as hell but fun. I love game like these where it is easy to learn but hard get through and challenges the players.Game is still in development:I don't think the character called trapper is completed because his counter attk never worked.  Limit items, I would like to see items and weapons for character.I hope when the game is finished the story mode will be long and hope characters can go up like level 50.But Great game so far I love and I'll take a crack at finish normal mode lol."
76561198052361052,Recommended,527230,31653568,Posted: 9 May,all,Xander Fate,"This is an awesome game, but if you are looking to beat the game then don't buy it. The replayability is great. I have gotten to the final boss fight but there is absolutely no way to win it without cheating. All of that aside, this is one of the best games I have played in a long time."
76561197991519138,Recommended,527230,33151185,Posted: 2 July,all,echoroar,"Probably one of the greatest game I ever played. Of course it can be extremely frustrating with certain part of game mechanics such as LUCk...Each actions depend on luck basically.Very nice cute graphic and the grid set-up is very nice when comes to strategic games.The Lore Store is a very good idea system. It is probably one of the things that makes me want to keep playing the game for sure. Got to  unlocks everything.Overall, great game, very fun for coop/friends, and it's addicting for me."
,Recommended,527230,30584863,Posted: 17 March,all,LordTouchME,Great game with friends the only downside is after you beat it you only wish there was more to play. Can't wait to see what's in store for the future of this title. Well done.
,Recommended,527230,30773375,Posted: 27 March,all,Panni2000,"I bought the game three times because for me and my friends.First i wanted to donate i think it was 29$ to get a own ghost ( im not sure)but i couldn't because it is on steam now.I really like the game and it makes fun to play with friends.The coolest thing was as we found an really nice item and everyone shoutet ""I NEED IT""Really funny. After that we died =(10/10 would buy again!"
,Recommended,527230,30274617,Posted: 2 March,all,Broken Lord,"This game is really awesome to play alone or with some friend.The multiplayer (online) is still a bit clunky but the DEV are really active on their discord and they are trying to fix everything :D. Nothing to say about the local multiplayer, everything seems to work fine.The only reason why you shouldn't buy it, its if you don't like RNG games like Darkest Dungeon.Otherwise, go ahead and play it."
76561198099940926,Recommended,527230,30315659,Posted: 4 March,all,Xavier Smythe,"I would definetly buy a game should it has one of the following traits:a)  a bard;b) a party-based turn-based combat lore light but system heavy game.This one has both. As matter of fact, it's quite good at the system. This aproach of focusing on the gameplay and ignoring all the fluff is refreshing.Surely it's rough, which is very common to a game at this early stage. But I really appreciate that someone would endeavour to make a game like this one. And I do see a potential in this niche, a niche I enjoy the most."
76561198050811069,Recommended,527230,30290702,Posted: 2 March,all,Arimapathy,"So I've played For The King for about 12 hours in 3 days and have only gotten my party to Level 7. Have no outside knowledge besides that time played.Pros- Resetting the Chaos meter by overcoming a challenging quest feels extremely rewarding, this is literally your goal from hex one and you need to keep that in mind during your entire adventure. An RPG race against the clock that delivers very well in that aspect.- Classes are unique and fun to play around in combinations, you can send them out on their own to do tasks solo or keep them in a group in case of an ambush, you have to put thought into where you move.- Focus is cool.- Game looks good very few minor bugs that I've noticed very well optimized for lower end PC's.CONS BAD CONS- The RNG rolls of the Mobs are straight up wack. you will be facing a single bat with your entire party of 3 and he will dodge all of your attacks for minutes at a time, pecking you down on his combat phase 2HP at a time.- Grind. You are required to grind in order to progress to tougher areas of tougher enemies on the large map. This is fine in an RPG, but it becomes nonsensical when you realize its going to go the same way every time. Ex: 1. You try and play the quest and only fight mobs that are in the way, you then have to grind for the remainder of your turns until you have the stats to do the next quest objective. at this point, the chaos meter has already gone up at least 2 which means players cant be revived, so you go to your objective, do it, and you have a whole new objective to go to, hex one again with the same need to grind through to the next tier of stats in an even harsher, less forgiving environment. NOW that is supposed to be the fun of the game, but it is so poorly executed.You honestly just need to experience this game for yourself. IF you like RPGs, IF you like adventure games, IF you like board games, and most importantly IF YOU DONT MIND RNG DICE ROLL MECHANICS... Then you may be able to get the numbers down and make this game your ♥♥♥♥♥. I am only reccomending this game because I believe this game has the potential to be great and that potential on top of what is presented I believe is enough for a reccomend."
76561198041685642,Recommended,527230,33256568,Posted: 4 July,all,mj448,"A decent roguelike game.Good things:-Interesting mechanics. The basic mechanics are really easy to understand, and the focus system (promised success checks) grants the players plenty decisions, thus the results are not completely random and uncontrolable.-Challenging, like most roguelikes. Also have a difficulty setting so it can be set to fit most players.-Great artwork. Really impressed.Drawbacks:-The game is under development, so now it's pretty thin. Sometimes you run into repeated encounters; the loots are also not so varied... but it's under development anyway.-It's not strictly a Role-Playing Game. The stories are dull. You make desicions but considering only benefits (rather than really playing your role, considering moral and other things). So if you are looking for a D&D style adventure, it's just not the game.-Some instructions are not so clear. The triggers, of many abilities, are confusing. Lacking some explanations."
,Recommended,527230,33392270,Posted: 8 July,all,Poncho,"This game is a lot of fun, in fact I cannot recommend it enough! I'm very glad you can play it solo or with another two people just the same. 'For the King' just has a certain charm that makes me want to keep playing, something precious few games have these days, and for this price it is a must have for anyone interested in the genre.One of my favourite things is that it is hard, you get punished, you will die if you mis-step or don't plan ahead, and that is just from my experience on the easiest difficulty. I cant wait to advance in the game and see what other content lies ahead.Negatives:- Controller support seems quite buggy and often you need to click with the mouse to close some windows.- The character creation screen is a bit buggy but as long as everyone completes character creation before people startclick the ready button it's fine.That being said, it is in early access so the fact that these are the ONLY bugs I have experienced so far is refreshing and completely understandable.So far I have gifted this to three of my friends just so I have more people to play with, worth every penny."
,Recommended,527230,31052540,Posted: 9 April,all,ce2727,"- Get cucked by rng 4 times trying to start a successful game on easy mode- Start a 5th time because gameplay is entertaining- RNGesus blesses me with his holy powers and sets me on a reigning crusade through the lands- Barely make it out of a dungeon alive with 2 hp on one character, have to walk two tiles to the next town- I'mSafe.gif.jpg- Ambushed and quick attacked by some Zoobat♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥- Game over- Good thing I got 2 lore points to unlock a toothpick in my next conquest- 10/10 would start a 6th game"
76561198157856469,Recommended,527230,34172131,Posted: 11 August,all,club24,"ok so ill start by saying wow, when i first got this game i was unsure but having now put 5 hours in i can tell its a game that will last meits a rouge like tabletop and very similar to a game of dnd, three characters max online or off and at least 10 classes to choose from with unique abilities, a detailed stat system which does have an impact on the gameplay and a large variety of weapons, armour and assorted objectsits art style is beautiful and all the animations are smooth, a friend of mine said it resembled breath of the wild in art style, and there is a few different areas to explore with unique enemies, encounters and other goodiesnow here are a couple of points to improve, while the art and animation are great i have noticed some texture/item clipping but only with a couple of items and is not really noticable, occasionaly the stats have been a bit strange but this is justified by the dice roller element of a tabletob gameand just a couple of things id love to see built upon personally is overall map size, maybe an extra chaos slot to prolong it just that once extra and also its great to see items affecting the characters asthetic however the necklaces and trinkets dont and thats just something id love to see added in the future, overall this game is deffinatly worth the money and for fans of table tops or even just adventure games it does not dissapoint"
76561198000402623,Not Recommended,527230,33214802,Posted: 3 July,all,Zombiecat,"Lots of rng yet still the game manages to feel repetitive... what went wrong here?The quest structure is very linear, there's very little meaningful decisions to be made, and the overall experience leans too much towards reacting to whatever bad events the game throws at you.Yet the feeling of satisfaction isn't there when I overcome those challenges. The reason being, it's too luck-based. There are ways to mitigate the misfortune that comes your way, but it's like... do I prevent the tragedy this time and brace myself for the upcoming nine tragedies?There's very little control over your destiny, but if you like russian roulette give it a shot."
,Not Recommended,527230,33463696,Posted: 11 July,all,IndieHusky,"Some games are hard because they require the players to study enemy patterns, tread carefully, pay attention to one's surroundings. Be patient, hone your skill, and you will succeed. Dark Souls is like this. Some games are hard because you need to memorize a lot of combinations, learn how to counter them, and have good reaction. Street Fighter, for example. And some games just straight away tell you ""This game is hard. You're gonna die. I don't care about what you do and how you do it - you're ♥♥♥♥ing dead, amigo"". For the King is a perfect representation. You think you know maths? Well, think again, because 85% success chance actually falils every 2/3 attempts. Reckon your character is fast? Nice joke, loser - the majority of monsters will attack you first, despite the ""initiative"" system being in place. I like this game, I really do. The artstyle, the classes, the monsters, the items - it's all really cool and captivating. But the RNG is so blatantly fixed against the player that it really affects the experience. Look, I get that the game is hard and blah blah blah - I love the challenge. Just make it FAIR. Make it so that if I know the mechanics well, I can actually make it far into the main quest, without having to facepalm my poor head almost every fight where the majority of my 85% rolls are failed. PLEASE. Thx"
76561198059720238,Recommended,527230,30385263,Posted: 7 March,all,Bean,"Love the art style and nostalgia of this game, the turn based combat feeling like the old final fantasy games mixed with realistic physics and great animations.Only problems i have with this game is that almost everything is relied on luck and the count-down of the rounds go by a little too quick to allow you to properly level up and be ready for the next big challenge.Keep up the good stuff Iron Oak!"
,Recommended,527230,30362477,Posted: 6 March,all,Blameless,"Very enchanting game. But online mode is really raw, often after first phase happens some screen freeze because of you can't do anything but exit.The game is worth its money anyway, just need to wait a little longer for fix some bugs.UPD: online mode is stable now :)"
76561198045820699,Recommended,527230,30795811,Posted: 28 March,all,Shidoshi,"This game is so much fun and so addicting, there are 2 things I don't like, the timers are to short to try and farm any gold to get anything, the land is decently sized, but forget about exploring anything cause there is no time for it. Once you get a bit of gold, you need to spend it all on healing items since monsters spawn all over the map like every turn.  It takes so long to go around on the map if you don't go for the objectives almost non-stop the chaos will rise. Also, the prices on everything go up too fast imo, and if you do manage to save a bit of gold up and get that nice weapon, guess what, a thief just stole it or an acid cube just melted it. RIP  I'm not saying to make it super easy, just a bit easier to farm gold/explore map. I know this is beta still so I will say this game has great potential and the core of the game itself is outstanding. I have about 15 hours in it and I still haven't been able to beat act2, I've unlocked quite a few items in the lore menu and still so hard. Overall great game and I'm looking forward to see what comes next."
,Recommended,527230,30883802,Posted: 1 April,all,Goose,"Tl;dr: it's fun, but chaos meter rushes the player to do the quests which limits freedom.This game is very fun in it's current state, and I'm excited to see where the dev team takes it. The only issue I see with it now is that there is a chaos meter which, over time, creates more ""chaos"" in the world, basically meaning more and more enemies will spawn until you die. The reason I find this troublesome is that it takes away the immersion and feels less like an exploration rpg and more like a rushed, linear, style game, which is what I don't like in an rpg. I like to take my time and explore every corner of every part of the map, and it's impossible to do that with the current system.However, the dev team has announced that they will eventually release an ""open world"" game mode, where the player will have more freedom to explore, so I'm very excited for that."
,Recommended,527230,33003201,Posted: 29 June,all,DarkMoon,seems like a good game
,Recommended,527230,32759368,Posted: 24 June,all,JamieJamBam,"At first I had a mixed feeling considering it was a bit slow and a very typical standard RPG start. Then, the fun really came when trying to play with my boyfriend locally and getting used to controls and yet it was really funny getting these cool items and finishing up quests. I had a great time with this one. I can't wait to see how it develops."
,Recommended,527230,33307108,Posted: 6 July,all,UG Ohmni,"Here's a review.Story is not outside the box and embraces tropes, king dies, queen calls for aid.However, I like that your character is not one of the tropes. You're a blacksmith, minstrel, hunter or scholar to begin with. (And not the WoW kind of hunter, the deer-in-the-woods-killing-kind). You're not a Paladin/Holy Knight/Warrior/Wizard/Rogue with years of experience. You're a lvl 0 blacksmith with a hammer and a shield. Good luck against the forces of chaos.This game is RNG, yes. But you're modifying the RNG in your favor with equipment and levels that increase your stats.It's the same in exactly any other game with a % chance to hit/miss/crit/blahblah you're just seeing it happen in front of your eyes.The game is not easy, even on ""apprentice"" (the easiest level) you might not make it through on your first run.You'll like this game if you enjoy:X-Com 1/2JRPGs with turn based combat.RoguelikesThe game is 100% more fun with friends, you'll laugh at RNG more than be annoyed by it.The non-recommended reviews I've read before posting this doesn't seem to have looked up any documentation or help before posting. So I'd take those with a grain of salt."
,Recommended,527230,30430929,Posted: 10 March,all,[OO] coldsteel,"EDIT: I'm happy to revise my review below to now fully recommend this game. I repurchased it during the Summer sale and the crash issue I had before has been fixed. I can now play the game flawlessly and I'm glad because it is a wonderful game. Anyone who likes this kind of game should get it.The issue decribed in my original review below has been corrected.I can't in good faith recommend this game in its current form. It crashes constantly and the developers have not fixed the stability issue I've experienced or even acknowledged the problem exists. I asked if they needed more information from the crash logs Unity generated but they could not even bother to respond. Either they do not read their own bug forum section (they do) or they are just unresponsive (they are).I have requested a refund and will check back at release to see if anything has imnproved. For now, the devs seem to be new to Unity development and in way over their heads. So, caveat emptor, folks."
76561198064653323,Recommended,527230,32352601,Posted: 11 June,all,Krampus_Rage,This Game Is Really ♥♥♥♥ing Fun!
,Recommended,527230,32972950,Posted: 28 June,all,The Traditional Fool,fun
,Recommended,527230,31032826,Posted: 8 April,all,memes,Needs an adjustment to the chaos meter and a serious UI overhaul but otherwise it's very fun.
76561198160477047,Recommended,527230,31041106,Posted: 9 April,all,"Volgath, the Sheepmaster","This is an amazing game, it's so fun! But I believe it's wayyy too hard. Like others have said, the monsters seem to always hit you with all or all but one of their tokens while you, the character, almost never get all of the tokens for your attack. Overall, Easy mode = hard mode. Add difficulty sliders or something to make the game more enjoyable"
76561198027744442,Recommended,527230,31055862,Posted: 10 April,all,KuroiRyuu,This is a great game! Especially for an early access. Fun turn-based gameplay that resemebles tabletop games. Graphics are gorgeous as well.
,Recommended,527230,31064250,Posted: 10 April,all,Flavorable,"Tons of fun figuring out what works and what doesn't. Randomly generated map and percentage based stats make the game interesting every time you have to start over. The learning curve is not too steep, there's very little 'unskippable' handholding and the game is well paced.If this is what I get for an Early Access game, I seriously cannot wait to see what it will have grown into once it is fully released."
,Recommended,527230,34834907,Posted: 9 September,all,Crazyfrod1,"The people who are saying this is too hard, I think thats the point. This game has great replay value, and even when you know you are going to die you are still loving the gameplay. I got this game and spent about 13 hours in the first 2 days of me owing it and played about 4 games. Some of the people in theses reviwes dont understand some of the mechanics, and so think tha game is too hard. I would absolutly say you need to play about 2/3 games to learn most of the mechanics.Playing the game with 2 others is the best way to play this for sure, its builds some tense moments and can makes the game x100 better, and unlocking lore books to spend on new events make the world more varied on each replay."
,Recommended,527230,34861821,Posted: 10 September,all,smoothietime,"I think this may be the best indie game I've ever purchased.The game has an insane amount of depth, replayability, and curving difficulty. The music is fantastic too. I cant reccomend this game enough."
76561198047113406,Recommended,527230,31284624,Posted: 21 April,all,-Wolf-,"Its not that hard ...First dungeon (in normal) died before finishing it ... then my friend joined me and we played together, still couldn't finish the first dungeon. After 21 hours and another friend we finally managed to beat it, quite easy when you have friends I guess."
76561198256014152,Recommended,527230,35008666,Posted: 16 September,all,Panda,"This game is great , Amazing to play with friends or alone. the turn based combat based on speed is amazing, balenced and all around a blast"
76561197993666152,Recommended,527230,30281922,Posted: 2 March,all,Toad,So far so good...
76561198066853072,Recommended,527230,30326360,Posted: 4 March,all,TheWiseFluffyFox,"Good game, lots of potential, and for a early access, definatly beats the current trend of, unplayable at release. Now we just have to hope that the development teams keep up the good work."
,Recommended,527230,30320524,Posted: 4 March,all,Trees,"It's a ton of fun, but not for everyone. If you don't find dice rolling games enjoyable then don't even bother with this one. It's very VERY reliant on RNG."
76561198086572293,Recommended,527230,30310687,Posted: 4 March,all,Selee,Recommended with tons of bugs especially in online mode...Quite fun with friend for eazy difficulty.
76561198024080920,Recommended,527230,30315817,Posted: 4 March,all,Inzu,"An interesting game with some intriguing departures from the usual mechanics.Players used to the increased complexity and freedom of choice of rpg's might feel a bit unfulfilled by the simplicity of the world and the constraints of the chaos timer, but if you accept the game for itself and are open to something different there is fun to be found here."
76561198016225387,Recommended,527230,30310410,Posted: 4 March,all,Lazverinus,Awesome game...
,Recommended,527230,30287666,Posted: 2 March,all,Vandre,"Surprisingly fun mix of roguelike + jrpg's.Randomized world can slap you in the face, but it does keep things fresh over multiple playthroughs.The aesthetic is super-charming, though more character customization/more characters would be delightful.People can be misled by the hex-grid overworld map, thinking this is a tactics game, it's not. (Combat is a very traditional turn based JRPG style dictated by initiative and rng rolls)You trot around the map grid as seperate characters, proximity being the factor of whether or not your party fights together, and each hex offers up chances of random encounters, some of which can absolutely end your game in an instant.Dungeons feel very old-school rpg, going room to room in a behind-the-party camera type crawl. It's a cute presentation, and can be surprisingly staggering if your party doesn't have the endurance to complete them.RNG is strong in this game.Upgrade your armor ASAP.Accrue Lore and unlock new stuff.You'll wipe eventually, that's just how the game is designed."
76561198046975243,Recommended,527230,30318215,Posted: 4 March,all,Crax,"This is an extremely difficult turn-based strategy game where the player must use literally every knowledge he has in disposal to turn the odds in his favor. In a sense, this is way more difficult than the X-COM series, if only because Easy = Normal, Normal = Insane, and Insane = No Revives. It is something like X-COM, but without even the ability to replenish your troops, and in hardcore if anyone of your party of three dies they're dead forever. But here's the interesting thing: you have the choice to enter dungeons alone, so maybe it's possible to solo the game with one hero? I'm not going to try that though. I couldn't even pass Act 2's dungeon. Literally everything is against you. Even healing is a consumable item, and only by using a specific character or discover/buy certain equipment would the player be able to triple its value.Luckily, for all the masochism that's stuffed into the game, it's the fun kind of masochism. It challenges the player to think a LOT before making their moves.The items and equipment in this game are NOT randomly generated, and are obviously crafted with careful thought and deliberation, and this is a very, very good thing. If the game has randomised items it would've been way too RNG-based and leave the players with almost no ability to control the bigger picture beyond gambling their best in combat.I find the Lore store design doubtful (as you complete objectives you will gain Lore Books, which you can use to unlock characters, items, locations, etc to be used in the next round when you lose - and you WILL lose) since it means that the player won't be able to enjoy the majority of the content during the initial bouts. On the other hand, having all of them unlocked from the start would absolutely overwhelm most players' tiny brains, since it offers a lot of new alternatives, outs, mechanics etc.The greatest barrier and contributor to the difficulty of the game is the timer though. In all honesty, the devs can double the Chaos timer and I would still feel that it's insufficient. During Act 1, unless the randomly generated map is on your side you are literally on a race to complete all the objectives before time runs out. If you're playing at Hardcore and you managed to level your team up to 3 before entering Glittering Mines (level 2), please become my senpai and let me oogle at your strategy, but point, that's almost impossible, so you'll have to HEAVILY rely on equipment and items to fight through a Dungeon. RNG isn't always on your side either. Even the best player probably wouldn't be able to go past Act 1 every time, and the limited time is absolutely the major factor for it.Save is another issue. It's annoying that you MUST exit a playthrough every time you save, and yet it's not completely Ironman since you can just resume your journey from the last point of save even if you died, so it's just weird and needs fixing. Regardless of the changes, quick save is one thing that's sorely needed in this game, since sometimes you lost and you would like to resume that one battle and you realize that damn, my last save was three hours ago. This can be quite devastating and demoralizing if you're quite far ahead into the game. Either give us the option or just don't give us at all.All in all game's fantastic, probably make life easier for everyone and just double the timer thank you, but yes, this game is one that I'd be playing for a long time, though probably simply because I can't even beat god damn Act 1 consistently jesus cmon!"
76561198276700625,Recommended,527230,30319019,Posted: 4 March,all,Lolshot22,Very Fun and good game (love the detail on character deaths) but it keeps crashing
76561198040733451,Not Recommended,527230,34969427,Posted: 15 September,all,veldashok,"For the king is a turn-based rpg ala golden sun, chrono trigger, final fantasy, or pokemon: but with a twist. It takes a roguelike stance of providing a random world on each play through, while also bumping up the expected challenge through a time constraint: similar to what Pikmin 1 did or Faster Than Light. Movement on the overworld is tile based, and there is a certain kind of strategy and tactics formation that makes the game pretty fun... at first.Also, as an aside, the graphics are pretty dang good and unique, while the music is a bit less impressive but still gets the job done. Perhaps the melodies are a bit too simple or similar to each other, and it wears a little over time, at least to me.However, I have to give the game a negative review for now. There is not enough choices for the player to make. Becuase the game is completely random, and the difficulty of the time constraint is so tight, there are very few actual meaningful choices you can make. The amount you move each turn is random, your damage is highly variant and random, the gold you receive doesn't create much oppurtunity. Every action you can make is completely random and very little of that randomness is based on any choices you can make, resources you can spend. Yes, there is a resource called focus that can bump up your consistency on rolls you choose to spend it on, but it doesn't cover up the problem nearly enough. I've completed the game on the easiest mode, and have taken a few cracks at the normal mode, but I end up getting frustrated at the form the difficulty in this game takes. I feel the choices you make are usually pretty obvious, but most of the challenge is artificially inflated by the fact that you have to navigate a completely randomized game world with a very tight time constraint, and very little you can do to make meaningful choices about the decisions available to you.If the game were to change to reduce the variance from the random number generation, and put more control in my hands, while maintaining its current difficulty, I'd give it a good review."
76561198059548726,Recommended,527230,30678924,Posted: 22 March,all,raythr,"Very good and very hard gamea mix of classic jrpg and roguelikeit is somewhat of a replayable mini rpgeach playthrough takes about 2-4 hoursfollows the same main questline, but the world is differently generated each timecurrently there are 8 classes with 5 more upcomingso plenty of different 3 man parties you can form withtons of different items to collect and events to see as wellalso you can coop with 2 other players for some hilarious unsynchronized game momentsthe only cons to mentions are- harsh timer:no time to waste, you gotta rush through the game atmcant explore anything  or do the side queststhis isnt every ones cup of tea, but theres an upcoming free mode without it,which should fix that-difficulty:its hard, very hard, ""makes dark souls difficulty look like a walk in the park"" hard.... on easyand then theres also harcore mode xDyou gotta learn alot about what to do and when, whats imporant and what to look out forfirst before you can get a good run goingbut thats the fun of itoverall an awesome game,thats way more addicting then you would think from looking at the screenshots/videosif you like turn based rpgs just a little bit, make sure to give it a try"
76561198022507827,Recommended,527230,34886301,Posted: 11 September,all,[46th IR] Gonja Joe,I love this game took me about 20 tries to beat it solo on easy. Cant wait for alot more content from this game.
76561198065876761,Recommended,527230,34864677,Posted: 10 September,all,RebelKillSwitch,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing Fantastic, Honestly I have not seen such a great game for under 20$ in ages. This is exactly what i wanted, a randomly generated RPG, with COOP! 10/10"
76561198142505009,Recommended,527230,34873758,Posted: 10 September,all,MikeTastiK,"It took me 10 hours to complete the solo campaign and I enjoyed it a lot. For those looking for a hard challenge ( which was what led me to buy this game looking at reviews )  IT IS NOT! I don't know if all the tweaking/balancing by the devs was to make it easier for casual gamers, but when I bought this game, it was not a hard challenge anymore. Went through it on my first try with the first party I created. I still recommend this game because it was enjoyable and pretty complete for a early release and I did not encounter any bugs. Will look forward for the next game these devs launch!"
76561198110956008,Recommended,527230,34895856,Posted: 11 September,all,Ichsuisme,"There really isn't an easy mode so it's difficult but once you adapt to the gameplay, it's pretty fun. This is a great game to play with friends."
,Recommended,527230,34880033,Posted: 11 September,all,Orifiael,Finally a decent game that isn't too easy and requires careful planning
76561198044826349,Recommended,527230,30414729,Posted: 9 March,all,Burnered,"I would recommend this game to others as the base content already here for early access is enough of a game for the current price tag to play  through and enjoy. I hope they will improve the game further and then it will be a true gem.Likes- Game graphics are entertaining feels like playing a 3d board game :) just right for what the game is.- Game is rather unique similar but diff to other games borrowing good parts from others but becoming its own game.- Interesting mechanics that have more then one way to deal w/ them.- It is difficult and very fun to learn(also land on negative side) but this is a primary place that needs tweaking and devs have already addressed that they are doing this so should be less of a negative and more of a postive :)Dislike- Game depth is like a giant lake that looks amazingly deep only to realise there is a glass window few feet below surface that is throughout, will get rather repetitive after several play throughs but this is also not a $60 dollar game so anything over 15-20 hours is gravy for price.- Difficulty is rather out there at times and for me feels like you have to cheeze the game to play through it on easy setting harder settings well are not fine tuned...yes i have gotten to last boss almost defeating and could w/ another playthru but as i said rather repetitive which wears down on the fun side for prolonged hours.Overall- Great game can easily see this game getting even better and would still recommend a play through at its current state and would love to have more play throughs once devs further develop game more! Enjoy"
,Recommended,527230,30535623,Posted: 15 March,all,Ragnaroc,This game is simply described as incredible. It should be noted however due to it being early access title do not buy this game and expect a bug free experience. Despite this my friends and I have had a blast in this game and highly recommend it to anyone who wants a punishing yet refreshing turn-based RPG experience. The system which has been created in this game is rewarding and every new game feels like an epic new journey. Definitely consider buying this game to support the developers and grow an early access game into something even more incredible.
76561198066355863,Recommended,527230,31016171,Posted: 8 April,all,Jack,"It's a very fun game, getting a party and farming loot and getting new items and armour, it's a very well thought out game and I definatly think it has some amazing potential, so far I am really enjoying it however it is too hard, even on easy mode, the AI enemy always get full power on their attacks and land perfect hits and the chaos meter goes up far too quickly, and your party will hardly ever land a full hit strike, and when they do it will usually be deflected or blocked. The game is mostly about luck, as if you don't have luck and some good items you won't stand a chance as the game moves very very quickly, and you are given quests which you have to do and you have a certain amount of turns to do them, these set amount of turns you have don't give you enough time to go out and kill some enemies and get enough weapons, armour and supply to keep up with the level of enemy the game is throwing at you, and if you don't get the quests done in time then the chaos meter goes up, and if someone in your party dies the chaos meter goes up, this only makes it far more difficult to move on with the game and recover after it.After saying all of this I have to say I am having a great time in the game, I have failed it many times but each time you fail you learn a little more about the game and get a little further each time, it is a very fun game and I would recommend getting it, as it isn't too expensive when I am writing this review and the devs are constantly working on improving the game, I bought the game 2 days ago and I am currently installing a new update right now! This game would definatly be worth the money as I think it will only improve from here!"
,Recommended,527230,30328721,Posted: 4 March,all,~Zeo~,"This game is by far a great way to lose yourself. It offers multiple playthroughs with the game. I have played this game for 6 hours and I got to say it gives me the need to try new builds, new formats of playing to get my players maxed as soon as possible without dying, etc.When you play the game the artwork is what draws you in, then the gameplay mechanic of the timer (a hate it/love it) feel makes you race against the clock like you would in a real world situation. Then unlocking the items can make it better for you on next playthroughs so it is not always the same things over and over. Then you can seperate the party if you want to risk it all and try and make something happen.I got to admit that this game is going to be one of my most played games I play besides my other RPGs and Tactical ones."
76561198044163167,Recommended,527230,30348252,Posted: 5 March,all,squdler,"This game is great, hands down! The developers actually listen to the community, as can been seen with all of the changes they have made since launch. My friends and I can start up a new campaign on the weekends and easily sink a couples hours in what seems like no time at all. From crosing our fingers for that saving throw, to laughing about beating the story with a toy hammer! For this same reason, I would HIGHLY recomend this game to all my friends! Keep up the good work"
76561198111721272,Recommended,527230,30366864,Posted: 6 March,all,Apache,"So, I got this game on sale, waited about a good half an hour for it to download, and the second it downloaded I get in, and I couldn't stop myself from playing for a good 3 hours. For some reason, the randomly generated world and excessive amounts of enemies were just like a cake on a Sunday morning. Phenominal game.          OVERALL 9.9/10 |    CHARACTER CUSTOMIZATION 8/10 |    ART STYLE 9/10 |    COMBAT SYSTEM 9/10 |    MULTIPLAYER ?/10 (I haven't played multiplayer yet)  |    SELF-SATISFACTION 100/10"
,Recommended,527230,30376388,Posted: 7 March,all,Renegade Pige,"Writing this review as of the games initial release in Early Access.  So far I'm very impressed with it.  It's unique and fun, and has a solid idea in mind.  The game knows what it is, and is really solid even for Early Access.  Sure there's some difficulty balance issues, but that's easily solved.  The only reason people are downvoting this game is because of reasons games SHOULD be in Early Acess, like balance issues or pacing issues.  With some fine tuning this game can be awesome-hell, it already IS awesome.It's a turn based rpg where your characters take turns in the overworld moving around and gathering things.  The game is RNG based but that is made VERY clear by showing you exactly what rolls you miss and what rolls you make.  You can even guarantee a roll by using the focus feature, which goes up by resting and guarantees your character a successful roll in whatever you care to use it in, map movement, random encounters, combat.  As of right now there's only one quest line, which is a continuous map so if you die you have to restart the entire campaign.  You keep a currency called lore throughout your playthroughs which can be used to unlock perminent classes, encounters, or items for your next playthroughs.  What people don't like is the chaos mechanic, a mechanic that makes the game harder the longer you take to complete quests.  The idea behind it is so that people don't just farm forever, but it didn't quite hit a sweet spot on release, it definitely leans more towards the rushed side of things.  Personally, I like the mechanic, with some tuning I think it really makes the game what it is, adds a sense of urgency.Overall, graphics are charming and wonderful, game is fun and unique, and it has a ton of room for improvement and expansion. Downsides are lack of difficulty balance and making players feel rushed."
76561197995359722,Recommended,527230,30386208,Posted: 7 March,all,K²,"Great game , worth every dollar I spent on it. A few bugs that need to be worked out, but that can be expected with an early access game. Alot of fun , gameplay is challenging and addicting which always has you going back for more."
76561198302431687,Recommended,527230,30449750,Posted: 11 March,all,femurday,"What a great game. This is exactly the kind of turned based game i have been looking for. Easy to learn, with plenty of depth based on party composition and weapons/items equiped.Despite being in early access it is quite playable and fun. I can see where there is some room for addition, such as much items, monster types, and the ability to sell to shops, but i must say this is one of the most complete EA titles i have played."
,Recommended,527230,30753085,Posted: 26 March,all,HerbertThePervert,"After Playing about 4-6 Hours i saw a lot of beautiful animations and Biomes.I really love this game, it's a Early Access-Game so it haves a lot of bugs here are some Bugs that i saw.bugs:If you Fight with the Kraken and you wont die so your Ship goes down, your character will hurl around the map and strand on another Isle.If you play with some friends, sometimes if the enemys die, they won't fall to the ground, they still there like if they're alive.my improvements:In Dungeons you get a lot of enemys and traps, you can Destroy the Traps but there are no animations for the destroying fo the traps. I would like to see some animations how the Traps will destroy.After These hours of gaming, i just can recommend the game for all people who like those pixie Graphics and Strategic gaming. 5 Stars for this beautiful and nice game, i will play it more and more in the future :D"
76561198139671937,Recommended,527230,30987637,Posted: 6 April,all,Grandomighty,Fantasic game co-op multiplayer on this kind of game is great would not of thought about it being co-op based but it works so well for it. Its really hard to play solo once you played co-op with some friends. Unlockables are in it also to unlock new classes and items is great
,Recommended,527230,31089784,Posted: 11 April,all,Rowsdower,"Nice mix of RPG,  rouge-like, and board game elements. Decent amount of content for early access, cant wait to see what else they add! UI could use more polish but thats a small gripe"
76561198096872541,Recommended,527230,31090194,Posted: 11 April,all,almond milk,"Very good and fun game. It does get challenging, as easy mode is more like hard mode. After completing Glittering Mines it gets very challenging. I have come up with a way that MIGHT work but will most likely not ( farming but you have a certain time limit )."
76561198093894551,Recommended,527230,31099072,Posted: 12 April,all,ThorVonClemson,"I've never written a Steam review before, but feel compelled to praise this amazing game. Despite what others said, I find the difficulty (on Normal at least) to be perfect. There are so few turn-based RPGs that actually require good decision-making and optimization to succeed (Darkest Dungeon is another), and this game, even in Early Access, is the best I've ever played in that regard. The Chaos timer is, as others have noted, extremely stressful and difficult to deal with, but that's why the game is so rewarding! Too many games allow you to just grind until you can win, which gives no sense of accomplishment; when I finally beat For the King on Normal I knew that it was due to applying what I had learned on previous playthroughs to try to make optimal decisions about how to invest my limited turns. The rush of just barely making it through repeated encounters by the skin of my teeth is awesome, and couldn't be duplicated in a game where I could just take indefinite time to level up or buy as many healing items as I wanted. The balance is also incredible; finding equipment which raises chance of hitting by 3% could absolutely be a turning point in whether a run is successful.My only criticism is that it'd be nice to have some additional randomization in future builds; for instance, it seems like I shouldn't definitely know that the second act will begin inParidduring the first act. A little more variety in the types of quests would also be nice. Bottom line though: for those who like turn-based RPGs and are ready for a challenge, this game is absolutely incredible."
76561197983013955,Recommended,527230,31352801,Posted: 25 April,all,Liskenger,"This game is incredible, ESPECIALLY, for 15 bucks. But theres a million reviews out already to address that. I would like to address in this review, the negative reviews I've read. Every single one of them complains about the RNG. Every. Single. One. Yes this game is hard, and has a lot of RNG, but if thats causing you to lose, you probably aren't doing things right, aka using the right stat based item on the right stat based character. The game isn't insanely difficult on easy, believe it or not you don't have to finish the quests before your chaos meter starts to rise. There is no actual rush, its just another layer of RNG that tends to freak people out because they see. (X amount of turns until ??). The game is phenomenal. The RNG isn't as bad as people make it out to be. A little reading goes a long way. Definitely worth 15 bucks, only issues i've had were on Online Co-Op and every bug we had was fixed just from restarting. This is as good as early access gets."
76561198109881496,Recommended,527230,31474476,Posted: 30 April,all,Link,"I was going into this game because I wanted the old turn based (Final Fantasy) style combat that I grew up with. From the trailer the art style instantly drew my attention. Once I started I couldnt stop playing. This game has everything, amazing graphics, awesome gameplay, the gameplay is unforgiving where just one mistake can end your whole campaign. This is one of those early access games that feels like a complete game! Definitly reccommend this game! 10/10"
76561197999390484,Recommended,527230,34669308,Posted: 1 September,all,ramoray,"I 100% recommend this game. I first noticed that similar titles to it were Divinity Original Sin and Battle Brothers (a lot like this game), and I love both of those. I was weary of buying it because of some of the poor reviews talking about bugs. I havent come across any yet, and it is early access..so bugs aren't out of the ordinary. On top of that, the devs seem to still be active with updates (last updated 8/30/17). The game itself it very challenging, so big dungeons and boss fights are extremely rewarding if you get thru.My favorite part of this game is the Focus Points. 1) Its a way of gambling in the game to increase/decrease odds of outcomes (loot drops, in battle accuracy, movement points, etc). 2) The icon of focus points is a pot leaf, and you have to upgrade your Pipe at towns to get more effieceny out of consuming plants (equivalent to Potions in other RPGs)EDIT (42 HOURS): I again, cannot recommend this game more. It's probably one of the best Coop RPG I've ever played. It's very challenging. I've gotten 2 of my friends to buy it and we've had a blast playing together. There is a lot of unlockable content in the game, which makes you want to play it more to get the items/ecounters/extra characters.If the dev's are reading this some things I think would be great additions are:-Multiple Save Game slots-Delving items into chat to show description-Ability to trade items in battle. Definitely result in a loss of turn. Maybe have to roll to successfully hand off item(?) Loss of item if unsuccessful(?)-Voice chat in game-(This may not be plausible) But, the option to customize features of the map. I think it would be cool to have the option to make the map bigger, as in make it take longer to get to town to town. OR adjust the frequency of mobs. I havent checked out Adventure mode yet, so sorry if this is redundantOverall. Amazing game. Thank you so much devs for creating an affordable, quality game."
,Recommended,527230,30265550,Posted: 1 March,all,armhanson,"I've been waiting for a game like this to come out for a while. A solid mix of board game mechanics, with dice rolls, and rogue lite strategy make it an exceptionally rewarding experience. I have only played solo so far and for a short time, but can already tell that I'm going to enjoy this game thoroughly. I can't wait to try it with some friends.Being the game is still in development I won't comment on performance, other than to say that controls for the game were very well thought out. Simple conveniences that we've come to expect in a good game, but are missed too often in indie titles, have been designed and implemented very effectively here. One example would be the help system. Very non-invasive, but always just a click away. Another very convenient feature is the item and equipment comparison. If you hover over an item or piece of equipment that you can equip to the current character a window pops up next to the equip screen and shows what is currently equipped along with all of both the items' attributes, negatives and boosts. This is a feature that is extremely important to me and seems to be hit or miss with a lot of developers. VERY well done here.I'm very pleased with my purchase and am looking forward to the continued development of the game. Here's to progressing through the perilous world of Fahrul!"
76561198066476544,Recommended,527230,30330243,Posted: 4 March,all,Everend Dracmarr,I havent had this much fun getting my♥♥♥♥♥kicked before. ...All in the name of the King! Easy mode  means you might make it to level 4.....
,Recommended,527230,30364124,Posted: 6 March,all,Democrat,It's beta. It's fun!
76561198040959802,Recommended,527230,30384794,Posted: 7 March,all,foggy,"the game is one of the best games ive ever played. However it has major downsides such as loading screen bugs, save and quit crashes and black screens. Also the biggest issue is, the game has no mercy for the players. on normal difficulty it is almost impossible to progress. rewards are very low and penalties are hardcore. even on normal difficulty. Chaos stacks shouldnt be applied when inside a dungeon progress, Misc curses (drolls/bandit kings) should be easier to defeat or else players just can't progress on normal mode. if these changes are made, the game would be a great success. as if it isnt. i would totally recommend it. have fun"
76561198068920890,Recommended,527230,30327356,Posted: 4 March,all,Wirewing,"If you like RNG, you will like this. If you don't - run away!This game is about mitigating the losses of constant failure in a game world that is stronger than your party in nearly every way.  The QQ is strong and while you can upgrade your chances, you may never beat this game.Many like this kind of  challenge. Many do not.The""if steam had a neutral vote I would pick it"" comes to mind because while I dig this game, I would not inflict it on my friends. It's kinda like hotsauce or very sour candies- you may love it while others may decline."
76561197994760345,Recommended,527230,31302626,Posted: 22 April,all,serpeng,"----Early Access Review-----For the king was recommanded to me by a few friends who saw it being demod at PAX East.  On their recommandation I took a gamble on this early access game, and have not regreted the decision for one moment.  For the King is a turn based three player RPG, played single player or online with friends.  You choose various classes to play as, and play randomly created maps and dungeons, solving quests and collecting items to progress as far as you can.  It borrows from rogue likes in that you have permadeath, and you always roll up new characters.  As you play you begin to earn Lore points, which allow you to unlock more classes, new items and events that may occur during the game.The gameplay is turned based tile movement.  You travel around the map, attempting to solve puzzles, collect items, fight monsters and generally try to stay alive as long as you can.  By equipping different weapons and armors, your characters gain different abilities they can utilize in combat.  All actions are performed by what is the equivelent of dice rolls.  An action may have five chances of success, and based on your characters stats and items, they have a higher chance on each success.  Each success of an action increases the damage/healing of an action, and many actions have special abilities that occur if you get full success on an action.  You can also spend a renewable resource called focus, that will garantee you one success per focus spent.  This can make difficult tasks easier to accomplish, or easy tasks a quick and easy success.  You'll need to manage focus, resources and other items to succeed in the game.There are still features that need to be implemented, such as text chat in multiplayer, and a few other things.  The game is updating pretty consistently, and with each updated we have gotten bug fixes, more items and more features.  I'm eagerly looking forward to this game continuing, and hoping the community grows."
76561198010170463,Recommended,527230,31316783,Posted: 23 April,all,Quetzalcoatl,"So, After having some bad Armello withdrawels, I stumbled upon this game.  First off, let me say that while this game is in early access, the board game and design are quite beautiful aesthetically speaking.Lets start with the Pros.Pros:- World Building - A juicy prologue in the beginning about the who, the what, and the why. where to go and how to do it. Well executed and very clear.- Game Board Design - Randomized Game board for every new game, it shows and it's wonderful.  Keeping the biomes in their intended area but still creatively rearranging them to make you approach the game with a variation to the last. Intelligent design.  Random encounters as well as the monsters changing during the day and night system are an effective utilization of the board.- Starting Charcters - The initial 4 characters given , while basic, will serve the purpose of getting you through the game, whether its easy mode or normal (lets not talk about the masochistically difficult hard)- Tutorial / Helpers - Very Indepth description of each skill and what it does, the functions of the game, the importance of Focus (so important)- Music - World music as well as combat has just the right sense of chill to it, whether you're moving across the golden plains, or exploring a dungeon to confronting a boss.  It has a certain nuance to emphasis the situation.  Still waiting for the Final Boss to have Special music of his own.- The Lore System - At first I thought, once I found something in the lore store, it was unlocked until I realized I had to purchase it.  This added fuel to play the game over multiple times and isn't actually a bad thing.The difficulty and how to disclaimers -  Not the tutorial but the messages that occasionally display with tips and tricks.I didn't heed the inital warnings about the game being difficult.  Like any seasoned gamer I thought, ""I'll walk into this, I'll be fine""  Granted I did fairly well on my first try and got through half of the game.  I realized that the disclaimers were no joke.This game gives you NUMEROUS disclaimers about needing to use your head and never have I been more accepting of my own mistakes like this game has.  It will scream to you to be smart, use your Character stat UI. Pay attention to what stat is used for what weapon.  It wants you to succeed.What you shouldn't do, is just willy nilly make poor decisions. Manage your gold, sell what you don't need unless needed for specific scenarios. The game provides you with a potential context for almost every item and opportuniy given and it's up to you to utilize the tools given to you.Neutral - Things I liked, Things I didn't like- The UI -  The UI is a bit of a drag. When selecting what characters I want to start out with, I don't know what any of the abilities do nor can I access them until I am in-game at the list of skills and what they do.  You should add a tooltip option when hovering over the cursor on it.  Otherwise I had no idea what most of my skills did unless I looked in the deeply planted skill legend.- Kraken -  I may have missed it, but I didn't see any indication of this happening, or what may have been a timer, if it was completely random. What have you.  What I saw, was on the round meter what looked like a tentacle in the upper right at times when sailing. I have no idea what this is and I couldn't find any resource to help me with this. But, the potential idea that it indicates that he's nearby is promising.- Side Quests - The fact that I don't have to go back to the town to turn it in is fantastic and adds to the convenience of the game.  What I didn't like, is that when I advanced the main quest, or if a character other than the one who picked up the quest turned it in (anyone can) The quest marker would stay and the descriptor (on the upper left) would disappear. I have no idea if I failed the quest or if I succeeded.  Sometimes I did, sometimes I didn't.Indicators - some items have special properties against certain creature types.  While I COULD guess what some creature types were.  Understanding what ""darkness"" was for example could be a bit vague.  A demon is darkness but not a cult guard (what? isn't he evil?) Icons / Symbols to denote this trait would be supremely appreciated.Cons -- Exponential Prices -  It feels a bit as if the prices go up exponentially as the game continues.  This isn't a bad thing but the ratio of gold to gold cost is almost impossible to keep up with unless you have gold multipliers active.Healing - It seems like healing is grounded out at a certain point due to pipe upgrades.  I think, you should provide the opportunity to allow pipe upgrades to continue past lvl 2. obviously not to allow people to just EZ mode the game with herbs but at least justify the increase of prices across the board. Make the Pipe exponentially more expensive than other options due to this to balance if you need.- Difficulty - RNG is a ♥♥♥♥♥. I cannot tell you how many times during certain boss fights I had to HOPE that Minion A wouldn't use X attack on Y character with Z status effect being produced. Granted. Some minions have almost protection against status effects themselves. It's the difference between auto wiping your party and you being able to actively participate in the fight (not win it, at least try it) I love the RNG factor behind it but I'm still going to QQ about it due to the random Confuse attack on my tank who needed to use taunt at the time which lead to a wipe.- Timer - I think, in easier difficulties you should give the player the opportunity to roam a bit more. For the way that we have to abuse this and mid-max boots/skills/+Movement is grand and dandy. It's almost a needed necessity to beat the game on harder difficulties. I think what we are missing here is that with all of these weapon, character, build choices. This timer infringes on that creativity, forcing you to HAVE to take a certain party comp in order to make up for it.NOT to mention semi-enforce you pass around world stat boosting items to each character to maximize distance.This doesn't reward most players, it enforces a Mid-Max mentality that only a hardcore group may be willing to embrace.If you're trying to cater this to more people, either be more forgiving on the timer for filthy casuals, or extend the chaos timer.You SHOULDN't have to always just grind it out up until thel ast round then dive into a dungeon to freeze it. Again, thats mid maxing. It's not WRONG per say but it makes it seem like thats the only way to prevail through the game.In conclusion -Anything I didn't mention here is well, theres a lot to write about and I'm not the greatest writer and I apologize in advance.SO. While it may seem that my review focuses more so on the negative than the positive. Let me tell you.EARLY. ACCESS.  Anything that I may have had an issue with, is easier to deal with in EA than it is as a finished product.Overall, I give this a slamming A+ as a VGBG. (VIdeo Game Board Game) If you WANT to masochistically get wrecked and challange yourself. GET. THIS. GAME.If you haven't already. Please help make the game a success by purchasing it, assisting with reviews, bug reports and tell your friends."
,Recommended,527230,31375683,Posted: 26 April,all,Sawyer,Now I can prove to the world that my luck does not exist.0/2. This is my roll not a rating :<
,Recommended,527230,30255597,Posted: 28 February,all,TENBIT,this game is funit is even more fun with a friendi just wish i could get more than 10 ♥♥♥♥ing minutes into the game before it crashes and prevents us from playing online11/10 would be robbed by a rat person again
,Recommended,527230,30256110,Posted: 1 March,all,LeftMatt,"I haven't felt this level of excitement for a survivalist type turn based RPG since Final Fantasy I.I know they're not directly comparible, but this game actually requires that you start on easy mode and work your way up.There is transparent RNG, so you have to make dynamic RNG based decisions for each playthrough. It's kinda what speedrunners have to do with older rpg games but the RNG is transparent for the most part, not hidden.Simple things like opening a door, or uncovering a spot on the map, offer min/max situational advantages. Every move is an educated decision. It has some elements that make board games great, fun, and perilous.The graphics are very nice, highly detailed, no stuttering at all with my GTX 970 on full graphic settings. It seems like turning down the graphics does vary the quality by a large margin, so I'm guessing lesser machines can still run it fine. Great animations and I personally dig the art style.There is room for several improvements, but most are minor. As I understand it, there are several already announced additions that are yet to be released. As it stands, it's 100% playable and DEFINITELY worth the current price of admission."
76561197995306996,Recommended,527230,30264548,Posted: 1 March,all,The Storm,"Conceptually interesting, applies D&D like concepts to a rouge-like turn based RPG with a cute low-poly art style. Suffers from bugs and ballence issues, and the co-op is pretty bare-bones, but the developers are incredibly responsive to the community. If you have the money to spend on it, you likely wont be disapointed.-Beto"
76561197991617076,Recommended,527230,30301064,Posted: 3 March,all,IceBankMiceElf,50% Turn based fantasy RPG50% FTL: Faster Than Light
,Recommended,527230,30368573,Posted: 6 March,all,YaBoiTrip,"This game is amazing. I have 19 hours logged playing it. I rank it around 8/10 but that is great for a early access game balancing issues are a given. The game doesn't seem to have any seriously unfair balancing issues. It seems the game is meant to be challenging. I've read a few reviews mad about the game being a challenge. For the King is a roguelike/roguelite whatever you wish to call it. The best thing about the genre is the unforgiveningness of these games. If you want a pick up and play game that you can fly through in a few hours this isn't for you.Gameplay:The gameplay is fun and engaging. I found it easy to get up when ever I need to grab a drink take a restroom break and feel like I'm right back in the action. The turn-based combat is well put together. At times the dodging and seemingly constant perfect attack rolls of the enemies can get annoying. The game is highly luck reliant. Aside from the focus element it can at times feel you are at the mercy of the game. Items have dropped a decent amount of the time for me. I haven't made it past the third major quest but with the randomization of the map and drops every game, it feels like a different game 90% of the time.Closing:If you like a challenge and games with replayablity this is an easy buy. If you are not already a fan of the genre and only have $15 to spend on a game I'd suggest you check out the game play on youtube or twitch before you buy. This is a wonderful game thus far in its developement but its not and will not be for everyone. Definitely worth a look."
76561198033195128,Recommended,527230,30390269,Posted: 8 March,all,ZeaTurtle,"It definitely is a very entertaining and addictive game, although I do think the RNG based gameplay is a bit too much. I think it's a fine feature to a certain extent. On my previous attempt I got quite far and had spent a lot of time planning etc., so I felt quite strong. But on my way I fought some monsters, that I was supposed to kill easily, but I missed 5 attacks in a row, and against 3 monsters with AOE, all my charachters died. The RNG is too excessive, as there sometimes is litteraly NOTHING you can do to prevent a death, no matter how well you've planned ahead, which really bothers me. Otherwise it's a great game!"
76561198043878189,Recommended,527230,31006135,Posted: 7 April,all,BlueStorm65,"I found this game to be amazing! I honestly don't like turn based games, but this is an acception none the less! Randomly generated maps, and fun combat with 3 friends."
,Recommended,527230,31345097,Posted: 24 April,all,Heretic,"I can only hope for good things with this game, Bought a few copies for me n friends. Would love to see more characters and locations. Everything really. RNG is a lil bit much at times but still i find what most gamers look for in video games, Fun.A Solid 8/10 as of EA build of '17 .All in all Bring friends bring your Gnomeleaf, Have An Adeventure."
76561198090775251,Recommended,527230,31474183,Posted: 30 April,all,Anduras ¯\_ت(ツ)ت_/¯,"All in all this game provides a new generation of Dungeons and Dragons , which i personally loved.If you LOVE getting REKT all over the game on Easy mode this game is for you!To be serious, i have no idea how hardcore is possible but we had the most fun in month playing this game.Since it took us a about a week to clear easy mode (3player Online) and we took about 8 tries on Normal difficulty i can say for myself that i know how the game works (currently 30 h In the game) and it is AWESOME!In Short: Hard challange for real Core Gamers with extreme tension and ALOT of funny moments.The Developers provide a Game with GREAT potential and best about it : IT WORKS IN EARLY ACCESS ! AND IT WORKS FINE!The storry is decent and gets alot of change in the game.Also the player has to find a strategy for each foe as he travels across the land which never makes it *easy* or boring.Solo mode lacks a bit of communication and can get boring after some hours but seriously, its a board game basicly so solo mode is actually hard to make it fun ^^.Keep it up guys! Great game. Definitly worth all the money you can get together ;)Should you buy it?YES! : Get 2 friends and make yourself a few great evenings if you like RPS Board games.Also be ready for hours and hours of gametime.No ? : If you dont like Grinding, Board games like D&D or Hardcore COOP and are easily frustrated you should rethink it.Review for : Price Currently 15€ , Beta ealy-Access. 01. may 2017"
,Recommended,527230,35136004,Posted: 22 September,all,Johnny Mediocracy,"I stayed up until 6am playing this game, and then missed two of my college classes because of it."
76561198125918169,Recommended,527230,34728668,Posted: 3 September,all,It's Hypnos,"I like the graphic style, and the game play. The game is a bit difficult even on the easiest level, which is nice. Still trying to get through the story mode, hope that the developers fix the bugs soon."
76561198313841598,Recommended,527230,35063809,Posted: 19 September,all,CeShinobi,Maan i miss this type of game. the last game i played like this are Final Fantasy tactics A2 Grimoire of the rift.
,Recommended,527230,31642183,Posted: 9 May,all,zinx,very challenging and fun but a little short with some replay value.
76561198000799183,Recommended,527230,33945385,Posted: 1 August,all,ArmoredBras,"What can I say? It Is a really good game overal, so far it is the game that made me feel the most like I was playing a pen & paper RPG. It skillfully implements many tabletop mechanics, without taking any that don't work in the videogame realm.The game is layered with different gameplay aspects such as esploration, combat, resources managment, equipment and time managment. All these elements are equally important and enteraining and each of them deeply intertwine with the other, which is not a small feat seeing that many times games struggle with balancing different mechanics.The game also has a smart and entertaining way to give progress to the player between games. At the end of each run you gain a certain amount of ""lore"" points (depending of your results), which you can spend in the lore store for unlocking new classes, equipments or map encounters. This not only avoid for the player to be overwhelmed during the first tries, but it also allow him to make progress from game to game (besides gaining knowledge) while giving a touch of fresh air to the next playthrough.Graphics and music nicely complement the game, music is not annoying even after many playthrougs (and it is so discreet that doesn't stick in your mind) and gives the right tone to the situations.There is also multiplayer, and trust me it is very fun to play a friend, but I feel like it's better to play it in the single player mode and just deciding together what to do while just one controls everything, It seems just simplier. Nontheless is nice they implemented off and online multiplayer.It is not perfects obviusly (I also remind you that it is still an early access game) and some aspects can be improved:- character menues are kind of clumsy (which has been slightly improved since I started to play the game).- balancing is surprisingly alsmost perfect given the title is not in his final form, but some strategies are slightly more strong than others when it feels like they should be equally valid.- The main quest line never changes. From one side is good cause often you lose a run because you didn't know what to expect, so having it fixed gives you the ability to plan ahead, but from the other it makes the game slightly more boring tha how it could be. I don't know, I feel like there is room for improvement there.CONCLUSIONS:You like board games? You like resource managment and strategy games? You'll like this game8 / 10"
,Recommended,527230,31042966,Posted: 9 April,all,Exonaut,"At first sight I wasn't impressed by the games presentation but after looking a bit deeper I decided to buy it and it was totally worth it.But I still have a problem with its challanging timer which constantlly pushes you to do the main quests. While playing you have very little time to do other things than the main quest. Therefore, if you got a nice side quest or see something cool a bit further away you can't go there because of the tight timer. Unfortunatly, you need the loot and experience to fulfill the main quests.I would like to see a more loose timer but harder main quests to compensate for the additional loot and experice you gain. Being able to choose multiple/replace sidequests if they aren't well placed would be nice too.All in all, the game still needs some polish in some places but the gameplay, design and overall quality is great."
76561198055800548,Recommended,527230,33117092,Posted: 1 July,all,Abu Hajaar,"Great ♥♥♥♥ing game - If you want an easy game that holds your hand and guarantees victory on easy mode, move along. This game plays like a tabletop boardgame so if your like me and don't have any friends (Or ones that play tabletop RPG's) This game is for you! If you do have friends (ha), this game has an online and LAN coop mode so you can play with them too."
76561197974913851,Recommended,527230,30279667,Posted: 2 March,all,LimpMadness,"Great game, great challenge!"
76561198022050660,Recommended,527230,30332057,Posted: 5 March,all,[FALC] Ipath,Broke my mouse because mob without shield blocked all 3 of my guys till death.3hours of my life gone!Still amazing game.
76561198125977696,Recommended,527230,30350315,Posted: 5 March,all,Question333,Great Game!!! :D
76561198050858543,Recommended,527230,30762639,Posted: 26 March,all,mpulve,"This game is definently worth your money, lots of fun and great experience."
,Recommended,527230,30990332,Posted: 6 April,all,DarkMatter,Im so far loving this game the graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is exciting the only downfall for me is that the chaos system does not make it feel right. I makes it so you have to to the main quest and you cant go out and  do other things. It gives you lots of option for other things but if you go and do them you will most likely end up dieing. But this game is fantastic and i reccomend it to anyone who likes dnd
76561198118250066,Recommended,527230,30271569,Posted: 1 March,all,Monkey King,"Not gonna lie, this is some brutal gameplay. Just starting out on normal signs you up for a slaughter if luck isn't on your side. In a world fully controlled by luck, how could it not? For the King is one of the toughest games I've come acros so far. However, the combat, the thrill of getting your own lucky rolls.  The effort it takes to travel just a short distance across the map for a side quest. The dungeons, the mini-bonuses you can stumble upon. The turn the experience of this difficult game into a jounrey where anything is possible if you try your hardest and get a few lucky coin tosses in. It's a marvelous game, and it's just getting started. I highly recommend this game if you're not afraid of a trial and error playstyle. For the King!"
76561198301994121,Recommended,527230,35054527,Posted: 18 September,all,Isaacunderhill1,"Realy good game, good hours of exploring and fun. good combat elements, not to complex but enough different things to keep it interesting. Named all 3 of my characters after my real life homies so we got a squad."
76561198142116227,Recommended,527230,31888929,Posted: 21 May,all,Niclas Wilde,One of the best games ever played.
76561198385583523,Recommended,527230,35057027,Posted: 18 September,all,One Mag One Kill,"I love this game so much. It's so simple and so beautiful. I love the art style and the difficulty of it is perfect <3If you have 2 other friends make sure for them to get this, 3 person turn based rpg where you have to be a team is great. Also, Leprechaun=Worst Haunt. Finally, Burning Forest is so pretty along with all the other places in the world though i hope one day theres even more so it's also based on RNG what you get. <3If my life gets succumbed by this im blaming these people."
,Recommended,527230,30906887,Posted: 2 April,all,Pelandes,"I don't really do early-access reviews for a very simple reason: everything and anything is subject to changes. That is why I prefer to wait for the finished product. However, this game is already is a very much playable state and the campaign can be finished already, so I thought that it might be a good time for a review. That, and that this community could use more players. Just sayin'.For The King is a open-world RPG in which EVERYTHING is both turn and luck based. You take turns in combat (like many other RPGs out there), but you also take turns moving in the map outside battle, only the character whose turn is it can interact with things and the quests have turn-based time limits. Your party does not move as a single group, but rather each party member (always three) moves on its own turn and can very well separate completely, and the only way to have them perform something toguether is to have party members withing a few spaces from each other (for example, engaging in a combat against the same enemies, going in a dungueon as a group or take the same boat at the same time). Everytime all three party members have had their turn, a ""Round"" passes (the day-night cycle and the quest timers are measured in rounds, not turns).And it's luck based because all actions are based on visible dice rolls. For example, you want to attack and enemy with a Slash attack with you sword and the game asks for five strength checks, whose likelyhood of succeding is based on the Strength stat of the character performing the action. Roll all succeses and you'll perform a sure hit for the expected damage with a chance of criting. Fail some of the five and hit the enemy for less damage with a chance of missing. Fail all  (or most) checks and you get squat. Some actions, such as buffing or taunting, require less rolls (one-three), but you will screw it up if you fail any of them. All actions in the world map, such as disarming traps or investigating artifacts, are also dependant on dice rolls. To aliviate the unavoidable bad luck in crucial rolls, all characters get a certain number of focus points that can be expended at any time to ensure a succesful roll per point invested (and there are several ways to replenish them). Some classes also have abilities that let them interfere with other people's roll checks.Despite the world map and enemy/item pool being randomly generated, the main quest line is always the same. It's based on four acts with predetermined events and dungueons you must go through, although you never know exactly where anything is going to end up being, and some characters are better than others at certain tasks (because they have better stats for the rolls required). There is also a thing called ""Chaos Meter"", source of many (MANY) arguments in the forums, which is essentially an indicator of how screwed up the world is. It raises when your heroes die in battle or when you are running late on the current main quest, and it resets after every act finishes. The higher it is, the more difficult the game becomes and at the highest point you can no longer revive allies, the game is throwing the most elite mooks at you and several harmful events start taking place.Still, it is a rouge-like that I enjoyed playing and that I come back from time to time to try different playstyles. I say it's worth the price and see what the developers keep adding.+ Average campaign time is three-four sessions, meant to be heavily replayable.+ During the game you get certain items that are conserved after the campaign ends (wether you won or lost) and can be expended in a Lore Store that let you buy more classes, items and events that are thrown into the pool for the next map generation.+ Lovely and simple 3D graphics that I absolutely adore.+ There is talk of new classes and storylines in the forums that the developers have shown interest in adding.+ The game can be played solo or with three players total (one for each pary member). Though, I only play singleplayer, so there isn't much I can say here.+ The focus mechanic adds a layer of strategy to what some people would call a total luck-based bullsh*t of a game...- ...which still isn't enough to save you from those moments we all know in which Lady Fortune hates your guts. It will happen, and did cut several of my playthoughs short because of terrible dice rolls in the most inoportune moments with no focus left.- The Chaos Meter. Look, I don't have a problem with it and I actually think that it's a cool mechanic. However, that is because I rarely have problems staying on or ahead the difficulty curve, and the CM is designed to punish those who fall behind it by making the game even harder on them. It's easy to see why it is the source of a lot of anguish.- Despite being the most stable Early-Access game I've picked up in a while, bugs and glitches are still there. I haven't found anything game-breaking, but you should still consider that there might be some problems with the game.Despite it's problems, which are to be expected from a game in developing, it's still a product that seems more finished that most stuff in Early-Access anyway, and I'm having fun with it. This game shows some real potential and for that reason, it gets a 7.5 out of 10."
76561198119458796,Recommended,527230,31379964,Posted: 26 April,all,Penlington,"Should You Buy For The King ?I will tell you my own interpetation of the game, and based off that and some mechanics hopefully you can decide if you'd like to buy this.-----------------[Multiplayer]First off, I'd say that this game is much more fun with friends if you prefer multiplayer gaming vs single player games. If you can get two friends to co-op with you (since there's no ""real"" 2-player mode) I would highly suggest it. It reminds me a lot of DND and you have some very funny moments with people on this game. You can trade each other items if you're on the same tile, same with gold but you can also force people to give you items and gold which although SHOULD be patched is really funny if you've got a lot of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s friends. It's a great mechanic if you have cooperative ones though since it's turn based.[Movement/Combat]In the overworld, (the hexagon looking tiles) you move like a board game, roll your movement every turn, and can go to multiple locations, with a chance for random events to pop up. Inside of caves you defeat encounters with environments or monsters, and push forward step by step with chances to break/use items inbetween. The combat is much like DND in that you ""roll"" your tokens. However many light up will make you hit harder, and give you more accuracy to hit. (This can be challenged by evasive monsters). There are a lot of buffs/debuffs and weapons, armor and abilities. They have a wiki if you want to see some of the things, but it's still a work in progress as this game is a bit new atm. (4/26/2017)[Classes]Instead of conventional, ""Warrior, Mage, Druid, Paladin, etc"". You have ""Herbalist, Blacksmith, Scholar, Lumberjack"". No you cannot chop trees and make armor but the theme is that you are regular people drafted by the Queen to defeat evil. I think it's cool. These classes do have unique abilities, some passive, some active. Some of them need to be unlocked by ""Lore"". This is a currency you will earn in a playthrough that you can spend outside of a playthrough, you can also unlock new gear, events, and NPCs that will show up in your world. (Still not confirmed if my unlocks will show up in my friend's co-op games, but you -can- use the classes you unlock in theirs, so I'd imagine so?)TL;DRIf you want to be challenged by a very unforgiving world, enjoy a solid co-op or single player party management game and somewhat like the theme of RNG rolls for attacks and events like DND I would pick this up. (It's worth mentioning the higher your stats in something the more likely you are to succeed. Some classes are better at certain things than others)."
76561198093521153,Recommended,527230,34362207,Posted: 19 August,all,Red Hood,"This game is amazing a new game that adds in elements that many amounts of fun adventures to the table. This is a game I greatly enjoy with my friends and is a game that deserves a lot praise for bringing back some strategic dungeon crawling fun back in today's game base. I would like to say for the developers to keep adding in more characters, lore, and further expanding on the great story and mechanics they have built for this game. Continued optimization is important and I hope the developers realize they have supportive memebers still asking for more and greater content.Character Reccomendations: Squire, Theif, Keeper(something simmilar to a scholar and mage), Beserker, Elect(low armored knight), Watch(something mixed between a blacksmith and a hunter).Thanks for reading this."
,Recommended,527230,34596671,Posted: 29 August,all,Catsage,"Learning curve is really nice and the game is really great, can't wait to see the finished version ;DFun with friends, but some of the game setup options are a bit confusing (you need to have 3 players for example, but one person can control all of the characters if they wanted)"
76561198006454220,Recommended,527230,33945209,Posted: 1 August,all,Shortround-,"Replayability:This game is more like a board game RPG than it is a rogue-like. In it's current state I can't see that much replayability. They would have to add a ton more content and also change the order of the quests etc up so the content is more randomized on how it comes out.Co-Op:I can't see this being very fun in a co-op setting since the vast majority of the time you want/need to have your characters grouped up for battles. This means that everyone has to run together and the choices in the game (especially battle) are pretty simple.RPG:This game is light on the RPG/Battle mechanics in that there isn't much thought/strategy in combat, say compared to a darkest dungeon type game.Overall I enjoyed my time for 15$ but I think for the goals of this game being a rogue-like and enjoying high replayability they really need to expand the combat system's depth, expand the 'quest' and objectives depth, and also randomize more the region order in the game.TL;DL fun for 15$ as a light RPG digital board game, but lacks depth and thus replayability to be considered a rogue-like."
76561198119014406,Recommended,527230,34618795,Posted: 30 August,all,Cranky Blowfish,"One of the best games I have played ever, the replay value of this game brings me back again and again to grind in new campaigns with new characters, I love everything the developers have done with this game and will continue to play it as they release more content. Definitely the most in-depth and well built early access game to date."
,Recommended,527230,34628768,Posted: 31 August,all,I bims 1 hydrophomnischa Freumd,"I just love this game so much. Every evening i start a new run with my m8 and we just enjoy the combat system and grinding for loot again and again. The looreshop is really a good implementation to keep the players motivated and alow them to beat the game on higher difficulties. The Devs update the game regularly and keep pushing new content. The only thing i can criticise now is the (in my expirience) uselessnes of a lot of the classes. it just seems that the herbalist and woodcutter are just too strong regarding the loot and endgame-content, but then again this is an early accesss game and  i am confident in the devs that further balancing issues will be adressed.All in all for 15 Bucks this is definetly worth to pick up and play! Now we just need more content and better balancing."
,Recommended,527230,34322071,Posted: 17 August,all,notCHRIS,"So much fun. Great Co-op gameplay. Not too hard, not too easy. Looks cool visually. Reccomended to all my friends. Very excited to see this game evolve."
,Not Recommended,527230,33880404,Posted: 29 July,all,ImAJehovasWitness,"needs work, no way a lvl 2 like me can only do a certain amount of damage (10) but the enemy same lvl can insta kill me.. im on the easiest difficulty btw. the chances of sneraking and other attacks need work too because half the time they are wrong.. would be a very fun game if those things were fixed."
,Recommended,527230,32469613,Posted: 16 June,all,Shally,"If I had to grade this game, it would be around a 43/100 right now.I can't recommend the game in it's current state. Wait a few months to see if they do more balancing of game mechanics, or even wait until it comes out of early access. At the moment, it only feels like a $5 to $10 game, it just doesn't feel fair whatsoever, that is it's biggest issue. I've played games that have unfair feeling moments and mechanics, such as X-Com 2 and Darkest Dungeon, but the mechanics don't work together for this game. The game rolls to see the teir of damage that you do, it rolls to see if you hit, it rolls to see if the enemy or enemys dodge, and it rolls to see if the attack is block, or atleast that's what it seems. On top of that, there is a very short time limit for each stage of the game's story, there are levels and a level curve, and you get little in terms of gold, exp, and items from encounters when compared to the cost of everything else. If they can fix these blatant issues and balance everything, I would say the game would be worth a solid $20.The best way to fix this is to remove the timer, or atleast give an option to remove the timer, and make the game less rng dependent.Apart from all of that, the only other issues I noticed were some grammatical and spelling errors in the text. The artwork, animations, and the base idea for game mechanics are solid, and the story is interesting, and does what it needs to do to continue the game."
,Recommended,527230,30247449,Posted: 28 February,all,ArdiusForce,I'm amazed that somebody has managed to get me so hooked in such a short space of time. How do I know im hooked? Because the mixture of no autosave feature and the game crashing every 10 minutes causing no real progression on my part still hasnt discouraged me. I dont know if its because im playing on Mac (yes yes i know. My PC is broken atm so this is what i have to deal with) but please either add autosave or fix the crashing so ican actually do more than get halfway through the Glittering mines and then be kicked from the game. Much Love
,Recommended,527230,33784968,Posted: 25 July,all,noahbeeri,"It's a really fun and challenging game. It is simple and doesn't have complicated and inscrutable mechanics, but that doesn't make it boring. The fights are sometimes very hard and you need to think about your strategy to have success. Especially in coop with friends it's so much fun and makes you feel like a team.For everyone who says the game is bad because it is too hard, I have an advice:Git gud."
76561198103638885,Not Recommended,527230,32618195,Posted: 21 June,all,urbanmonkey,even on the easy settings this game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥so dont buy if your an angry gamer
76561198168910663,Not Recommended,527230,32857858,Posted: 27 June,all,Kill_Me_Plz,"Bought the game because my friends starting playing and thought it looked cool. However, after the downloaded the game and started it up, it kept crashing on the screen before the main menu. I have reinstalled the game four times now and the problem persists. I have looked up for fixes to this, but apparently i am the only one with this issue.  IF you know how to fix this, please let me know or post it somewhere, as i would lov eot give it a try."
,Recommended,527230,34087617,Posted: 7 August,all,xZydon11,game was so hard on apprentice i may or may not have used cheat engine to get me somewhere :)ggloved it though!
76561198363171558,Not Recommended,527230,30405324,Posted: 9 March,all,rchik,"This game really sucks. I've tried so hard to play any combination of characters and played for more than 30 hours but always ended up cursing the developers who made it. There is no balanced gameplay at all. You can only save for exit but you cannot load the saved game if you get into trouble, and the outcome of any battle can be death of all charaters due to just wrong dice rolls. So most of the time you loose just because your dice rolled bad, and not because of your stupidity or unprofessionalism. Come on, guys, this is not fun at all, everybody gets unlucky time to time you don't have to replay the whole game just because of it!"
76561197970451468,Not Recommended,527230,32563292,Posted: 19 June,all,Greymane,"I strongly suggest not spending your money on this game at the moment. The devs are ignoring the many players asking to have some balance in the game. You are subject to painful rng, and there is timer that currently ruins the experience, even on the lowest difficulty.It is a shame as, simple though it is, it has promise. Yet another example of devs thinking they know best, and ignoring their player base!"
,Not Recommended,527230,35137297,Posted: 22 September,all,Stilljester,"I REALLY would like to recommend this game.  It's a great concept with a well-executed engine that is unfortunately plagued with horrific balance issues and unfortunate gameplay design choices that at present, make it disasterously un-fun to play.  I have hope that these issues will be addressed as the development continues, but I cannot in good conscience recomend it in its current form.For the King is a ""boardgame"" style rogue-lite in which you are tasked with saving the realm from encroaching evil by completing a series of quests with a team of three heroes.  You start with four hero choices, and can unlock more as you accumulate ""lore"" on successive playthroughs.  The heroes are refreshingly versatile - All equipment can be used by all characters.  This means you can send your hunter into combat wielding a magical lightning staff if you want, but will he have the intelligence to use it effectively? You can move your team together to help with the tougher monsters, or you can spread them apart to divide and conquer.  This makes fighting enemies more difficult, but means you can take better advantage of other opportunities to earn perks and experience points before the lurking evil brings the curtain down.The gameplay style is quick and fun - you jaunt across a randomly generated hex-map testing your attributes for fun and prizes.  Everything in the game, from how far you move each turn, to how hard you hit an enemy, to how likely you are to dig up a burired treasure, is accomplish by a skill check against one of your character's attributes - Vitality, intelligence, awareness, strength, etc.  Your attibute is a number from 1-100, which forms a percentage chance.  Every check is made by rolling a certain number of 100-sided ""dice"" and looking for a certain number of ""successes.""  It's a quick, simple system that should be familiar to board game fans.  Several of the negative reviews I've seen about this game have been down on the ""Random Number Generator.""  I have no problem with it.  It seems well balanced to me, and they've even given you an out: your characters have ""focus"" which can be spent to guarantee one or more successes on an important skill check.The Graphics are cute, and the overall experience is pleasing and bug-free.So WHY, you're probably asking, is this a negative review?The SYSTEM they've created for you to play this game within is very, very nice.  It's tight, simple, it's fun, it's light, yet it offers deep enough possibilities to let you really get into it.  Unfortunately, the actual GAME that you play within this system leaves a lot to be desired.Here's the short version:  The game has terrible balance issues that dig your characters into holes from which no amount of good strategy will rescue you.  This means you will fail again and again.  On the surface, this seems in-line with the rogue-like style of game.  However, the game also has very little replay value, meaning that restarting feels pointless - knowing that you will be experiencing the exact same things as the last time.  The only reason to restart is a stubborn need to ""win,"" which is missing the point of a rogue-like.For the TL;DR version, read on:Firstly, the game is designed to be played and re-played in the style of a ""rogue-like.""  Unfortunately, you are given very little incentive to do so.  Although the map that you play on is randomized, the grand quest itself is identical each time, and you quckly memorize all of the stepping stones on this journey.  When you die (which is DESIGNED be frequent:  this is a rogue-like, after all), you are sent back to the start.... to do the same things in the same order you just did, starting from scratch.  It makes you wish they'd just abandon the rogue-like element and allow you to just save your progress before that boss-battle (identical to the last play-through) that has killed you an hour into your quest each time.  This lack of replay excitement makes it feel less like a rogue-like and more like trying to play through Mega Man II with no continues.  Take, by way of comparison - another recent Indie rogue-like game:  Battle Brothers.  In this game the map is rando, but additionally, the factions are rando, the enemies are rando, your OBJECTIVE is rando, the characters are WAY rando... And the replay value is through the roof!  After getting slaughtered each time, you just keep coming back for more.Secondly, while the combat SYSTEM itself is very nice (The RNG haters can shut up, IMHO), the ENEMIES you face are just disasterously annoying.  As a result, the combat (which is a centerpiece of the game) is a dreadful slog through a series of unavoidable debuffs, many of which persist even after the battle.   You simply can't get through a combat in this game without being set on fire, poisoned, cursed, and also probably bleeding out.  The debuffs are also waaay overpowered.  Some highlights of what I'm talking about:A monster hits me!  I have alot of armor on, so I only take 1 damage from the blow!  Haha! take that, monster, I scoff at your puny attack!...which has left me bleeding for 8 damage in between rounds.  Before the battle is over I've taken 3 damage from being HIT by the enemy, and 16 damage from bleeding.  These are the little crunchy enemies you fight towards the beginning. Considering that your peeps start with around 30 health... this is a total WTF balance issue.Poison! Wait til you fight a gelatinous cube!  When the cube attacks, it poisons the character it targeted, and each character adjacent.  This means that if it targets the middle character, everyone's poisoned.  Poison does two things - it causes you to take 3 damage every round (game round, not combat round), and it also decreases each attribute by -5.  Also, poison persists. Game round to game round.  Until you die.  While slowly sapping your life force, the stat reduction makes everything you do to harder to succeed at.  But wait - there's more.  Poison is STACKABLE up to three times.  This means that you will frequently be suffering 9 damage each game round.  (Until you die.  Remember?  Around 30 health).  And your stats are at -15 each.  Now combine this with the curse (which persists) that you got from that ghost, and your starts are in some cases half of where they should be, meaning all you can do in combat is create a light breeze while your enemy tears you apart.Now, poison, curses, bleeding, etc, can each be removed by using a certain herb.  But here's the problem - they all require DIFFERENT herbs.  And these herbs are game-breakingly expensive to buy.  An herb to cure poison will cost you: I've seen it sold in different shops for anywhere from 9-28 gold.  A typical battle at early levels will earn you around 4-6 gold.  And now, get this - say you have 3 stacks of poison on you.  The herb will only remove ONE of the 3 stacks.Now, add on the universal debuffs which seem to happen entirely randomly.  I was informed on game turn two of my most recent start that the ROYAL DROLL has arrived!  With no explaination as to WTF a royal droll is, I now have a little skeleton jester in the bottom right corner of my screen who randomly steals a success from one of my dice about once per turn.  FOR THE REST... OF THE GAME.So here's the problem, For the King:  You're trying to ramp up the difficulty by ruining my heroes.  This is not fun.  Fun would be to make the ENEMIES and CHALLENGES harder to defeat.  By INcreasing their strength.  Not by DEcreasing mine.  No one likes to feel like the character(s) they are playing are witless, incompentent nincompoops."
76561198049316275,Not Recommended,527230,30702580,Posted: 24 March,all,Everisto,"For the Kingis a title that, much like a rotten apple, presents a fresh, pleasing exterior to the unwary eye. It is only after you have bitten into the fruit that you realize it is crawling with worms—and for those souls brave or masochistic enough to venture further bites, only larger, fouler, more revolting bugs await. Only time and the developer’s efforts will tell us whether the flavor is salvageable, or if the creepy-crawlies infest the game at its core.Apple metaphors aside, it truly is difficult to illustrate the flaws ofFor the Kingwithout breaking down some of the mechanics of the game. In turn, it is difficult to explain the game’s mechanics because one is never certain exactly how they work. Therein lies the first and most obvious flaw marring the current iteration ofFor the King—the game is a black box in which virtually nothing is explained, with workings so opaque that you will question whether the developer actually intended deliberate obfuscation. There are practically no tooltips, the tutorial is anemic at best, and the game doles out tips with the parsimony of a miser in a bad restaurant.For the Kingproposes a scenario in which a kingdom is falling into chaos. The titular sovereign has been assassinated in his own palace, the court magician is missing, and all of the kingdom’s best heroes have come down with a bad case of dead in their attempts to solve the mystery behind the spreading evil. The widowed queen is so hard up on knights in shining armor that she’s resorted to recruiting the ordinary members of her populace: blacksmiths, woodcutters, and the like. Honestly, the writing is bad. Not vomit-inducing bad, but poor enough that you won’t care about the pathetic attempts at a story after reading the introduction. The quality of the writing is hardly central to a game like this, but there is a definite air of indifference here that leaves a sour taste in the mouth.Gameplay is ultimately centered around the roll of a die. Movement, combat, attempts at overcoming obstacles, and random events are all linked to different statistics of your characters. The relevant statistic for an endeavor determines the character’s chance of success, against which the game checks its roll. This is familiar stuff for role-playing gamers of recent decades, and it comes with all the inherent benefits and flaws of such a system—the excitement of uncertainty; the frustration of failure without control.For the Kingintroduces a slight twist with its “Focus” system, which allows a character to increase his or her odds of success by expending a resource known as Focus points. Managing this resource is where most of your control outside of general strategy and item usage comes into play.Your quest is set against the backdrop of encroaching Chaos—this is represented by a meter that increases whenever certain events occur. Allowing your characters to die, among other events, will increase Chaos in the kingdom, while other events will reduce it (more on that in a moment). As Chaos takes hold, conditions on the overworld map progressively worsen. Your characters will encounter nastier monsters, unpleasant surprises, and take damage from the poisoned environs. When the Chaos meter is full, your characters can no longer be revived after they have died, which leaves you fighting an uphill battle of attrition. When your entire party has been downed, the queen will rather callously comment on your grisly fate and the game ends.For the Kingfollows a “roguelike” formula, which means that a Game Over is the end of a particular playthrough—no continues.Besides the heavy-handed emphasis on the use of a random number generator to determine the outcome of most events,For the King’sother defining feature is the quest timer. Your main quest to save the kingdom is broken up into segments, and you are instructed to complete each segment within a given number of rounds. When the time limit is up, Chaos begins to steadily increase each round. This leaves the player with two different ways to play the game.The first option is to play the game as it was presumably intended to be played, heeding the game’s warnings, exhortations, and dire predictions of doom, which tell you to complete the quests on time. This is a harrowing experience that will leave you figuratively gasping for air as the unrelenting noose of the quest timer tightens around your throat. Enemy difficulty and shop prices scale upwards as you progress, but you will feel obliged to rush ahead in order to stay ahead of the ticking clock. The timer is merciless and adhering to it gives you very little leeway for mistakes or bad luck. This is where the inherent randomness ofFor the Kingbegins to work against the player—you simply cannot afford a “bad beat” in this game. A single unfavorable event can end your game, regardless of your progress.You cannot afford to play carefully because you are desperately trying to keep up. The permanent Game Over policy takes the game’s experience from harrowing to brutal. You will endure at least some amount of tedium as you replay the beginning of the game over and over, trying to find the winning formula. If this sounds unpleasant, don’t worry; there’s another option.The second option is to utterly break the game.If you decide to ignore the game’s insistent instructions to complete your quests in a timely manner and instead allow the clock to run out, the Chaos meter will eventually increase until it reaches its maximum. At this point, there are a number of events that the player can undertake to reduce the Chaos meter. The most common are towers that appear on the map once the Chaos meter is at maximum. By destroying these towers (in a non-combat event), the player reduces the Chaos meter by one point. More importantly, however, the quest timer is pushed back and more time is added, even if the time limit was already exceeded. By willfully ignoring the kingdom’s plight, you will give your party their best chance at success. You can stay in the first segment of the game, exploring the world and building up strength, while enjoying vastly cheaper prices (on the order of around fifty times less) for recovery services and items. Even better (or worse, as the case may be), while the outside world scales with your level in a limited fashion, the dungeons that hold the quest objectives do not scale with your level at all. A friend tested this, and I just watched him raid the first quest dungeon with his characters at endgame levels. The slaughter was quite spectacular.Multiplayer is riddled with bugs and problems that are even worse than those in single-player mode. In the developer’s defense, it makes no claims to the contrary and some amount of bugs are to be expected in an Early Access version of a game. Unfortunately, the real problem here lies with the core gameplay. In its current state, the game is wildly unbalanced—to a degree that reflects very poorly on the developer.As a general rule, I stay away from games released in Early Access. I broke that rule withFor the King, and sadly, I was not rewarded for doing so.For the Kingmight yet be saved, but it will take dedication and commitment greater than that shown by the developer so far. Until then, my recommendation is to stay away."
76561198100239152,Recommended,527230,30463776,Posted: 11 March,all,Stoneman,Fun game with beatiful arts and music.Enermys are too strong even under easy mode. Enermy's odds is too good they are way to lucky to hit 4 dices too many times.There should be super easy mode to make this game more enjoyable.
,Recommended,527230,33216686,Posted: 3 July,all,SoraHST,"Very fun game. The people complaining about difficulty probably haven't played enough to get a real grip on the mechanics and/or haven't played recently. The devs have been updating it to make it more balanced and been doing a really good job. They have a discord where they are in communication with the community and an experimental branch to keep players updated on possible changes. Good job on them.Overall the game is really really fun. Me and a couple friends picked it up and played it for hours straight into the early morning and really enjoyed it. It's well worth the price, especially if you're a fan of turn-based combat and/or tabletop RPG games.I'm very excited to see where this game goes, first game I have bought in a long while that I thought was good enough for a review."
76561197981959559,Recommended,527230,33257973,Posted: 4 July,all,thisguyy,Definitely recommend this game if you like tabletop RPGs and getting lots of loot. It plays well with two players and the controller support works great. We hope the devs continue the great work and frequent updates.
,Recommended,527230,33016073,Posted: 29 June,all,Chimpy,"Wasn't expecting much going in but this is an incredibly fun game. Played it by myself and with friends and both are viable ways of enjoying the game. The randomness may be off-putting but it isn't frustrating RNG, one roll will almost never get you killed and there were always ways of avoiding that kind of situation anyway. On top of that, the developer in the discord channel is very responsive and when I entered a bug report on the discord chat the bug was fixed before the next time i played! Highly recommended"
76561198066383375,Recommended,527230,33299943,Posted: 5 July,all,Geckotan,"For the King was a surprisingly good game.  It's also very unforgiving.  I wasn't expecting how well the gameplay is by watching the store videos.  The only gripe I have is that I would like to be able to rotate the camera, not that the angles are bad, it's just a personal preference.  Playing with your friends is a blast.  I would recommend this game."
76561197975489983,Recommended,527230,30285778,Posted: 2 March,all,Bulk Season,Just look at it!
76561198067749777,Recommended,527230,30482922,Posted: 12 March,all,Altoidmintz,super good. buy it.
,Recommended,527230,33067622,Posted: 30 June,all,Varyn Quinn,"Alright, so if you're a fan of the unexpected nature of games like these, this is the kind of game to definitely pick up.It incorporates those random elements and makes them feel excessively satisfying. The closest thing I could choose to relate this to is perhaps DnD or Darkest Dungeons. It's suppoosed to be an adventure and it feels truly empowering when you manage to overcome a dungeon or random event.Just a heads up. The difficulty curve is accurate in terms of how you're supposed to react. Higher level difficulties will challenge you, but remember that RNG is a part of all of this. It's punishing, much like Darkest Dungeon, but with a more bright and upbeat visual style.The gameboard style displays imminent and permanent establishments that you need to maneuver arround and keep attention to.Also, this is partly to dispute the claim of the review either beneath mine, or a little further beneath mine that current mechanics feel unfair or too demanding.The game is changing. The developers are listening and revamping to produce a game that satisfies both the difficulty curve, randomness, and player experience. If you give it a chance, or even just wait a little while, it will come to chance in ways that other players are suggesting it should change."
76561198002524295,Recommended,527230,30501867,Posted: 13 March,all,SG Fryylk,Played this three hours straight with my kids. It is a little buggy over the steam link(had to get a couple of times and use the mouse because the controller stopped working). Besides that we had a blast.
,Recommended,527230,31509144,Posted: 2 May,all,Diggabert,Definitely worth the price. Best played with 3 players.
,Recommended,527230,33022363,Posted: 29 June,all,antmonkey93,"For The King....This is probably the best money I have EVER spent on a early release title. It's like a really fun/challenging tabletop adventure path. You can go at this solo, or invite one to two friends for some co-op or join a lobby. A few reviews gave this a negative review because RNG, but the thing is you are supposed to die and start over. You collect tomes which allow you to buy more encounters,weapons, and help through the other play throughs along with more characters to play. Sure there are some bs moments, but that's any game. This game has still so much potiental and with the devs doing updates constantly I can't wait for the finished product. Seriously, if you love RPG games with a tactical element check this out!"
,Recommended,527230,33387467,Posted: 8 July,all,Cenniy,"Scroll to bottom for analysis of the game, or enjoy this brief story I have conjured.Story time:I was but a simple hunter, working hard to earn my keep, to support my family and survive in troubling times. That was until one fabled day when I had to cast that aside to put my skills to the test, in an journey that would change my life forever.I woke up one day, a simple man without a care in the world. I smiled at my kids, and my beautiful wife, and we broke our fast in the morning sun outside our cottage. However, a courier arrived at our doorstep, a look of sheer panic on his face and out of breath. He urgently requested my attendence at the town square in Oarton for an imperitive message from the royal court.Upon arriving, there was a whispering hubbub from the noisy crowd as a a moustached, well dressed man held aloft a piece of parchment. He read aloud that three members of the town were required to embark upon a quest to save the kingdom and surrounding lands, and it was our duty to volunteer for an odyssey that'll take us through every nook and cranny of the known world.The crowd was subdued by the grave news. The quiet hung heavy in the stiffling air as the sun sat high over the rolling hills. There was a shuffling of feet amongst the townsfolk, a baby cried, the only other noise coming from the mother who reassured the young lad in a hushed tone.With great reluctance, and longing in my heart to return to my family and forget about such a perilous journey, I put my hand into the air. I could feel the gaze of the crowd penetrating me. An immeadiate wave of anger, shock, madness came over me as I realised what I had done. Had I sacraficed my life in a moment of folly? This futile voyage was sure to bring me only upset and danger. Yet there was a part of me that longed for change. That longed for... glory?Snapping back into focus, I looked around me. The crowd had forgotten me, two other men had already walked up to the raised platform where the moustached man still stood prominently. One man donned a helmet, was muscular, the other in sheer contrast was meek. He clutched a scroll in his hand, and had the look of a scrawny man who had never seen a day of manual labour in his life. That being said, his moustache gave him an air of grandiose. I myself, shuffled up to the platform, climbed the wooden steps that would elevate me above the crowd. Each step was heavy like I was weighed down by a freshly killed deer slung over my shoulders. Upon a closer examination of the two other volunteers, I was extremely shocked to find the stocky barbarian-looking figure was actually a woman.A blacksmith, a hunter (myself) and a scholar. An unlikely trio to set out on a perilous journey, but none-the-less, the fate of humanity rested on our shoulders.And that is the beginning of my story. A story of how I, a man in his prime, a simple hunter, came to become a champion amongst mankind. Slayer of demons, conqueror of dungeons and the bane of scourge. I am known in cities on every continent, in every inn, amongst all those who can now safely travel the roads of Fahrul.Analysis:Play with friends or online, or control a trio of adventurers yourself in single player. I would strongly recommend playing with friends, and communication is quite essential. Sharing of gold and resources within your party is the key to success. In this game it is best to be selfless and offer your items to those that need them most, as opposed to hoarding.£10 for this game is a good deal, especially as it would be easy to wring 20-30 hours out of this game, if not more. This game is also quite challenging. On the easiest game setting this game still provides a challenge to most players. I have yet to play this game on anything other than the easiest setting as it is difficult.However this game is not frustrating and always draws me back for another playthrough even if I've just lost a playthrough I've spent 3-4 hours on.Whilst the main focus is to complete the main story quests, every town offers one side quest (each town offers 4 quests to choose from, only one can be completed) that once completed, rewards the characters with gold, xp, an item etc at the players choosing. This keeps the game entertaining and aids in the efforts of the characters, as the rewards are incredibly useful.The game also offers a good range of classes to choose from, each class offering unique skills. In a party it is good to have a variety of characters. For example, a Scholar has good intelligence, making him a great magician and effective at some random events. A barbarian however, offers vitality and strength, and is the tank of the party.The 'lore store' is a great way of introducing new items, character and random events the more you play the game. And lore is gathered by completing quests, making this game a play to win, not a pay to win.The mechanics seem complicated at first. Chaos is an event that happens every several turns, and increased the strength of the beasts that are scattered across the land. Chaos can be kept at bay by completing the main quests and some side quests.Scourge are another kind of random event that can also be kept at bay by completely side quests. Scourge are mini-bosses that, if not dealt with, will make your time adventuring a lot more difficult by implementing penalties on your characters, or boosting your foes.Focus is a very interesting mechanic. A players focus allows that player to boost their performance. For example, it can be expended to move further on the map, or to increase the accuracy of a players attack in combat. It can be replenished in much the same way as health, by either the consumption of herbs that can be bough at stores, or at services in Farhuls many towns and cities.My only criticism of this game is that shop prices and services go up extremely quickly after the first mission is completed. Herbs, which are essential for healing and replenishing 'focus'.I hope I have covered most of the aspects of this game, without giving too much away. I hope you enjoy this game as much as I do. Keep adventuring, Fahrul is in your hands now."
76561198116964392,Recommended,527230,30333779,Posted: 5 March,all,Adri9wa,10 chaos points outta 10
76561198071473911,Recommended,527230,30356218,Posted: 6 March,all,Von W. 5M-181,SOOOOOOOOOO HARDDDDDDDDD......BUT SOOOOOOOOOOO ADDICTING!!!
76561198063177235,Recommended,527230,30982799,Posted: 6 April,all,Cowboy Bhop,you can beat ogres to a pulp with your bare handsYou can drag your wounded friends into your battles and let em dieYou can read out dialogue with a funny voice♥♥♥♥ glass weaponsGreat game 5/7
,Recommended,527230,30255922,Posted: 28 February,all,tomsolo,"Nice TBS/Board game with many, many random generated  events.The current gameplay in early access is realy challenging but unbalanced, especially the difficulty.The game is really unpolished, but very promises and I can recommend to purchase if you like this genre and want to support indie developers. :)Pros:- simple but charming graphics- very good music and sound effects- you can control (moving, attacking, exploring) individually the heroes- many loot items and buffs- combat is good but challenging(with some flaws)- focus system is nice(this helps to increasing the success rate)- caves with traps is fun- price is ok, if they fixed/finished the game and make improvementsCons:- round limits (just frustation, nothing else and this BREAK the joy of exploration)- chaos system as idea is good, but implementation just another frustration point- the difficulty and some class is unbalanced and gamebreaking without cheat- no real classes, eg. the scorcerer as magican is realy weak but give a long sword and becomes and medium warrior(?)- saves are not synchronized in cloud- party managment is could be better- no keybinding(!)- some mouse command not working(rotating, zooming)- level up just generated more stat automatically no really skilltree system"
76561198125387638,Recommended,527230,32568792,Posted: 19 June,all,hannahbbug,"I absolutely adore this game. Even in early access, it's concept is solid and well-polished, the world the devs have built is creative and the art style is the perfect mix of humorous and unique, and it provides a great challenge. It's a world where the brave, bold, and adequate have fallen, which leaves you, the common, ordinary and average citizen, to take up the mantle of a hero. You might not be cut out for saving the world, but the important thing is that you are going to try!I will say, however, that this game is not for everyone. Most of the negative reviews I have read complain about the game being too RNG-based. While it is true that RNG plays a huge factor in this game, it is not unbeatable, and, in my opinion, not unfair. If you're one of those people who enjoy games based on luck and die rolls, such as any of your classic tabletop games, then I would highly reccomend this game. There are things the players can do to minimize the variables thrown at them, such as using focus or other various items to increase the odds of perfect rolls, but this is not a game about finding the ""one winning strategy"" and executing it to perfection to win. It is, inherently, a game based on luck.As it says on the opening screen, ""many have gone before you and failed, but failure is not the end! Try, try again!"" You will not be able to beat this game on your first run through unless you are incredibly lucky. It takes a little bit of time to figure out how to build an effective team, what certain items and effects do, and how to make the best use of your time. I have over 30 hours in the game at this point and have still yet to win, though I have come very close and it was a few bad decisions on my part that ended in chaos taking over the world. But the Lore Store mechanic gives players a reason to keep playing despite failure in the first few runs, with the ability to unlock items to help in the future. Yes, this does not change the fact that item drops are still randomized and you could still run into a wall before the first mission is complete, but once you get a solid grip on the feel of the game and how to manage time between leveling up and working the main storyline, the game becomes easier and easier.Pro Tip: After the completion of every main mission in the storyline, the Chaos is reset, at least in Apprentice Mode. And in Apprentice Mode, the effects of Chaos don't really become debilitating unless you have four or five on the meter, so it is easily possible to continue to grind past the ""deadline"" of the mission, at least for a little while, and still succeed. Even with four or five Chaos, it isn't an automatic game over, and there are things you can do in the game to bring the Chaos down. Fight the Chaos Beast and win - it is possible - it will lower the Chaos. Visit the Dark Carnival and get lucky on a game - the Chaos will go down. And if all else fails, try again!In conclusion, this game has a lot of fabulous mechanics in place. I find the premise of the game to be unique to the rogue-like genre, it isn't too grindy, and the multiplayer is fun, too! Especially considering the premise that this is a world where all the skilled adventurers have failed, and your party is just a group of civilians who feel the call to save the world, the fact that you can't automatically succeed on the first, second, or even third try is a given. You are just a group of heroic, ordinary individuals who might get lucky. If this appeals to you, definitely get the game. It's a rewarding experience and each time you play, you learn a little more. One day, we will save the world!"
76561198354730263,Recommended,527230,30400055,Posted: 8 March,all,ocf320,"I haven't played much, but the class system, exploration, and Co-Op play is amazing. The fighting system is somewhat like RPGs I've played in the past, but the way they combine it with other types of games is great. One critique is that although the graphics look simple, they are EXTREMELY taxing. If they could, but probably won't be able to, it would make the experience so much better if they could make it easier to run on my PC. If you have a weak PC, you will definitely have trouble playing it.I like the civilization style map and exploration, along with multiple characters and strategies you can take when going questing.One bad thing, Chaos is also something that will ❤️❤️❤️❤️ you in the ❤️❤️❤️ as you go forward. When there's no chaos, you'll be absolutely fine. When chaos rises, RNG takes over. They have some work to do, but they say that they are fixing it. I am"
76561198093428966,Recommended,527230,30575178,Posted: 17 March,all,Married 2 da streetz,I think it is a great game 5/5 stars. My only complaint is that I wish it had voice acting.
76561198079351783,Recommended,527230,30599111,Posted: 18 March,all,Funghis Canale Grande,PURE WONDERFULNESS!Thx Devs!
,Not Recommended,527230,33259975,Posted: 4 July,all,JeffCraig,"There are too many things about this game that make it frustrating. It's a good attempt by the developers, but in the end it is just RNG.The major failure is how little of an rogue-like it is. There are class unlocks, but nothing else persists from game to game. The only other unlocks are addition weapon types that have a chance of dropping as loot.It would be fun if there was more progression."
76561198072539130,Recommended,527230,31811545,Posted: 17 May,all,WHOSTOLETHECOOKIES!!!,"""Yo is that Shreck?!...lets kick his♥♥♥♥♥"" - Cookies 2017"
,Recommended,527230,33780058,Posted: 24 July,all,Eternal Reaper,"May seem to be quite simple at first, but do not be mistaken. This game is very tough and can be completely unforgiving. Every decision and every turn matters. Efficiency is key. One bad decision will have you starting over. Runs can last up to 5 hours and are usually hard to play all the way through in one sitting. However, randomly generated maps allow for fresh replayability and no 2 runs are the same. Would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys turn based combat and boardgame-like movement."
,Recommended,527230,33830712,Posted: 27 July,all,Generic Old Wizard,"9/10Just spent seven hours fighting back the tides of chaos with two brothers-in-peril as we grew from common folk into heroes of legend, culminating in a duel between myself and the mastermind himself atop the dark tower, after my brethren had fallen.The most intense moments I've had in a video game in well over a year. There are some small things I would change, but all-round it's a wonderful tactical RPG, with a lot of replayability."
76561198392118889,Recommended,527230,34210303,Posted: 13 August,all,76561198392118889,i love this game so goddamn much. me and my buddy ghost are playing the multiplayer and are having a absolute blast. there are some very small minor bugs here and there but nothing to impact gameplay or crash the game. i would say buy this game. 10/10
,Recommended,527230,32578621,Posted: 19 June,all,DMMAMP7,"I'm loving this game so far. A bit of an issue with enemies with high evasion AND the ability to use evasion skills to up said evasion to make them impossible to hir unless you roll perfect the turn their heightened evasion wears off. But other than that the overall experience was fun.Buying items for each other, sharing money, soloing weak enemies, ganging up on equal/stronger enemies, the entire game has fun written all over it.THERE NEEDS TO BE A GAME MODE WITH CUSTOMIZABLE CHAOS and/or 4 CHARACTERS INSTEAD OF 3. I have no idea why 3 players was chosen but I REALLY hope you can add an option for a 4th character (Even as easy mode or something maybe even for a harder difficulty)"
76561198040562957,Recommended,527230,32602210,Posted: 20 June,all,GoblinBones,"Quality rpg fun with friends, pweedy animations 9/10"
,Recommended,527230,34429217,Posted: 22 August,all,Southpaw,"After only an hour in I could tell this game is going to scratch my ""DnD / Party-based rogue-like"" itch. The art style is beautiful and the mechanics are easy to learn but difficult to master. I made it about 25% into the game on my first run with no idea what to expect going in before my party was wiped. It's absolutely unforgiving your first play-throughs, but I can see the opportunity here to learn from your mistakes and develop strategies for your next run. I have barely touched this title but right off the bat I'd REALLY like to see more character customization options and the ability to change genders for each class."
,Recommended,527230,34507521,Posted: 26 August,all,Charge,"This game is either the most frustrating thing on earth or the most amazing game of its kind. it all depends on how much RNGesus loves you. A playthrough can be ruined by having bad luck once or (kinda) saved by something unexpected luck.It is really fun in multiplayer, you should check out the offical discord if you want to find some mates to play with."
76561198115964746,Recommended,527230,34592470,Posted: 29 August,all,Fox,"Amazing game, 10/10 in my book, it's fun, challenging, entertaining and the art style is simply fantastic.  Very roguelike and good variety of enemies, items, characters, event hexes, and everything.  Only suggestion, would be to add another way to gain extra lives back to revive allies.  Even still, 100% recommended."
76561198054829096,Recommended,527230,34622509,Posted: 30 August,all,dougatosb,"Very fun and enjoyable game.  I'm usually really picky with games like these and a certain flawed mechanic can ruin the game for me (e.g., the equipment system in Darkest Dungeon).- Fairly difficult early on but learning tricks makes trying to optimize runs very enjoyable.- High replayability with many random elements.- New characters, items, locations, and events can be unlocked for future runs (by collecting lore in runs).- Adventure mode just released.  While I enjoy the pressure of the main story, there is now a mode that lets you play more casually without time pressure.- Still in early access.  New features are still being released for this game.  Feels like a fairly complete game at the moment so it's really exciting each time they patch in a bunch of new stuff.Rating: 9/10, taking into account that its made by a small developerI've played roughly ~10 hours offline as well."
76561198042808713,Recommended,527230,34534152,Posted: 27 August,all,Darcfayt,"Awesome game thus far, its like if Gauntlet and Civilization Revolution had a baby. Just wish it had a 4 player mode as well. Right now the max Co-Op is 3 players."
,Recommended,527230,34434933,Posted: 23 August,all,DumbestGenius,"I have had more fun in this game in 3 hours, than I have had in other games in 50.I definately recommend this game. Local co-op is a blessing."
,Recommended,527230,34456171,Posted: 24 August,all,aumym,"Game looks nice. Its fun to play with friends, but is also fun playing alone at times when you're bored. What i like about the game is that each adventure is unique"
76561198041323375,Recommended,527230,31586347,Posted: 6 May,all,Schrödingers Cat,Hey guys i just created a Steam Community Group for this awesome game!! We are still growing :)..........http://steamcommunity.com/groups/forthekingeu
76561198103472326,Recommended,527230,31619542,Posted: 7 May,all,waitingword87,"I was unsure about this game when I first bought it. But after playing it and beating it for the first time, it is by far the most satisfying game to play and win at with friends. Definetly worth $15. A lot of content and many reasons to replay the game and strongly encourages you to play with friends. Overal, the game offers a variety of eneimes and exciting fights. The diffculty is brutal but makes the win so much more satisfying."
76561198149531499,Not Recommended,527230,33768711,Posted: 24 July,all,PatrioticCookie,"Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy this game. But to be honest I cannot really recommend this game.Pros:-Nice artstyle-Good music-Quiet a bit of items and classes in current buildCons:-You will die, a lot (the rng is completely stacked against you)-There is only one main story, and you have to replay it everytime you die.-It seems that you will need quiet a bit of luck to get anywhere far into this game-While it does say ""to try and try again"" it is unfairly difficult :<"
,Not Recommended,527230,30332726,Posted: 5 March,all,Sorostaran,"There isn't much strategic depth to this game. I mean, I enjoy difficult games a.l.a. The Darkest Dungeon, but this game is mostly ""difficult"" through stats and RNG overload, not strategy. There is also a ton of tag-on pointless complexity and pure mechanics learning curve which don't feel ""core"" to the game.If you enjoy pure stat-fest, extensive RNG (we are talking RNG overload, and this is coming from an avid The Darkest Dungeon player), pointless complexity for complexity's sake, 200 different damage/debuff types for the sake of having 200 different damage/debuff types, and being unable to avoid battles you know you are in no shape to fight, then this may be the game for you. If not, then don't waste your time on this. 0/10."
76561198260013620,Recommended,527230,31307455,Posted: 22 April,all,OneButNinja,"I believe its one of the most entertaining and challenging games this year and i spend a LOT of hours in this game.. so for me it was a very good buy in very good price.. The main problem with the game now is the multiplayer, because of early access it lacks in many terms like there is no chat for example.. and you cant play this game without good communication of the players .. but i believe and hope it will soon be patched over!"
76561198014933006,Not Recommended,527230,32372218,Posted: 12 June,all,j3k,"There seems to be no game - just luck. Get a got starting point, get easy enemy, get the worst starting point, get the hardest enemies - if you beat the game doesn't depend on your skills but on pure luck as everything is procedural generated and everything else is based on dice rolls. There is also very little game content - if you haven't unlocked ""all"" the items and characters and side things - then there is really no game left - if somethings drops it's the same♥♥♥♥♥♥if it drops from the boss of a dungeon or the smallest bat. There is no real point in playing this game when it feels like it comes down to how lucky you are if you want to beat the game. And when I thought the game could not get worse, I died against 2 wisps almost at the end of the game - they just evade every attack that is not perfect and their standard attack drains all your focus - how is that balanced?A lot more people said a lot more things about game mechanics, not much to repeat because it boils down to this point: chance.The game tries to get away with making everything probability based and forgets that it's not a game if it's just randomness happening. But if you buy it, you will beat it eventually when you get an easy setup of the world and the dice roll in your favor. But that's not skill - that's luck."
76561197965632649,Not Recommended,527230,32026603,Posted: 28 May,all,RenegadeCEO,"Its a good start for an Early Access game, but it has its flaws.Major Flaws:- MASSIVE RNG.  I had a hunter guy with a bow that only needs 2 checks, with an 81% chance to roll ""true"" per check.  3 rounds in a row he failed 1 of the 2 rolls.-Inadequate tooltips.  I cant stress this enough.  If you're going to make a game that is so very DnD-ish, you need WAY more information on what each stat does in the background (like Luck).-Enemies dont follow RNGesus.  Seriously, either every enemy has a 95% chance to roll ""true"" on every check they do, or they are just cheaters.  Even on the easiest mode, in one playthrough I counted the number of times enemies failed (big or small abilities).  You could count it on the digits of a human body (less than 20).  To put it in perspective, my group was failing at least twice every battle.If they can fix the MASSIVE RNG fails, and add a free-play game mode where its not rushing you to finish, I'll play again and edit if its better."
76561198020220616,Recommended,527230,30250670,Posted: 28 February,all,Sahweet,Very good early access haven't had a chance to play multiplayer yet.
,Not Recommended,527230,31216980,Posted: 18 April,all,Fuckin' Batman,"Sadly I have to give this game a negative review. I love it so much! I wish I could give it a positive review, but I can't. The game in it's current state is a very fun game with hours upon hours of thrills and rages that I havn't felt in awhile making it one of my favorite games that will likely become a weekly game session type game for me and my friends! Sadly though, if you decide to play online you are more than likely to be subject to a game breaking bug that dosn't allow you to fight the final boss after putting in hours upon hours of playtime. Everytime my bud and I have reached the quest to go to the final tower, we have been lauched from the method of transportation and been unable to get back on it, ending our run and not allowing us to finish it. We have yet to beat the game despite coming to this point three or four times and getting our run ended from this bug. Sadly I cannot recommend this game to anyone looking to play online untill this bug is fixed. It is infuriating as this game is amazing!"
76561198007105000,Not Recommended,527230,30591858,Posted: 18 March,all,Kin D' Griffon,"I really like this game, but the absence of a save option makes playing this game to tedious.  Especially when without warning the advantage is give to the AI.  I know you ""hardcore"" gamers will probablyy say, ""If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen"".  But I haven't seen or heard a good reason for not having a save option for the casual gamer.  Having to start the game over everytime my team gets taken out has become an annoyance that is making me feel I made a mistake purchasing this game.So I'm going to recommend this game until there's some kind of save option.  I'm sure I won't be missed."
76561198110052201,Not Recommended,527230,30715141,Posted: 24 March,all,nzguzzi,"With timers on quests I can not recommend this game.Your characters do not save over if defeated, you have to restart at level 0.The timer throughout this game is an awful game mechanic, truly awful.It forces the player to engage enemy way above the party level in the vain hope you will somehow complete the quest in the last 2 rounds.Traps are ridiculous, you end up just running through them because the party is so pathetically under leveled for the quest.All in all the game was mild,clunky and with the timers running, very hard to enjoy because you are always against the clock.Combat so boring, just scissors,rock ,paper leaves you wondering how come you were 75% successful on your attack but miss?Annimations are slow, 3 seconds between attacks starts to feel very drawn out after only a short time playing.I was constantly like WTF? during combat.This is a cutesy RPG with a fairly basic and boring combat system.Buy it if its on special and grind to get unlocks , just dont expect to feel any party growth or character bonding here because....You will die most horribly and restart at level 0The best one is when your level 2 guy gets ambushed by a level 4 witch who gets 3 attacks at 20 damage each all AoE and wipes your entire team..... cause this game is so balanced..lolFrustrating pile of garbage.Or wait till your best weapon breaks in combat the very first attack you make with it... seriously that is the♥♥♥♥♥♥this game offers.TLDR:Timers = badRNG = very bad ( you have no clue WTF is going on during combat )Combat = clunky, slow, boring, so so so boring, so so so so slow......Not a real RPG, more of a Zeldar with timers and no save functionYou die,no saves, everything is lost restart at level 0"
,Recommended,527230,30269770,Posted: 1 March,all,Wiskey,This game is Great for all the reasons in the Review above/Below
,Recommended,527230,30290971,Posted: 2 March,all,yqnq,Dead mutiple times in Eazy....NEED CHINESE PLZ.
,Recommended,527230,33123333,Posted: 2 July,all,Eagle020,Great game if you have 2friends to play it with you
76561198006524453,Recommended,527230,30368002,Posted: 6 March,all,Hassie54,"This game is frustrating. The game cheats, favors the ai on die rolls. On the several playthroughs I have done, the ai gets about 80-90% perfect rollson attacks. This gives them crits, weapon bonus effects and near perfect accuracy save for a high evasion of your character. In any given fight, my characters will be lucky to hit a perfect roll half the time. Most of the time however, I am stuck getting one short of perfect more than half the time. This causes the enemy to dodge more often than you, and do more damage than you, I only play on easy mind you, and this is the way the game behaves. I don't mind a challenge in a game, in fact i prefer it. My problem with games, is that devs take the easy way out, and instead of making a game challenging in a fun way, they do things like this.Turn based games like this, serve nothing by having such a high dodge mechanic. It ONLY serves to drag on fights. This is supposed to be a rapid fire game, where you must play several games to advance further.  The dodge mechanic only serves to slow down the progress of the game, and force you to spend more time in pointless combat, and spend more time treking back to town for healing.Another key feature of the game is the chaos counter. This serves to force the player to not sit around, but to constantly progress towards the goals swiftly. There are some glaring problems with the chaos counter's function at the moment. I like the idea of it, and eliminating it altogether as the dev suggests will be coming in a new game mode, is NOT what I want. I would like there to be some options to alter how it works. Perhaps the different difficulties can decide whether the chaos goes up on a character death, or if it waits for 3, and maybe the amount of time you have can be higher on easy as opposed to hard.The recent update, I believe, fixed some glaring issues with regards to the level discrepency between the player and the ai they were expected to fight. The game is HIGHLY RNG based, which is ok if done right. The hp healed based on movement leftover on your turn needs to be revamped, so as to give you more per level, as opposed to a flat 1 per movement. I would like to see more classes added to game personally, as well as way more map features and items. These last few things are just a wishlist and nothing wrong with the game, as at the moment there is a decent amount of both I suppose.Overall, I believe this game will frustrate a great many people. Losing fights because the enemy gets 9 perfect rolls in a row, while you get 1 out of 10, does not make the player feel like they are progressing. Humans always remember the bad far more than they remember the good. I can tell you how I died every time, and every time I believe I should have easily won the fight if both sides had rolled even somewhat evenly. I literally want to throw my keyboard at the wall and to buy a physical copy of ""For The King,"" if only to have something for me to destroy.If you don't have a decent amount of patience, or are willing to deal with playing the same beginning quests several dozen times, than I would stay away from this game. The amount of varied things are severely lacking after you have played the same damn quests 8 times, which you must. Serioualy, this game will frustrate you, be warned."
76561198007820722,Not Recommended,527230,30370962,Posted: 7 March,all,Arkangel,"Only played the game for about 8 hours but have found myself frustrated at the level of difficulty in standard mode.  Others that have said this game requires a good amount of luck to make any progress is spot on.  In almost every battle, the enemies generate max damage at a much higher percent than your party of characters.  I like the overall concept of the game, and will continue to check in from time to time to see if the devs have made an effort to put better balance in the game.  The game, in its current state, is very playable and  mostly enjoyable as long as you don't mind replaying the same areas over and over due to the current state of the program."
76561198068530092,Recommended,527230,32590797,Posted: 20 June,all,Suskan,Fun to play with your friends !
76561198035289166,Recommended,527230,34510806,Posted: 26 August,all,Noobisaurus,"Quite excellent, definitely recommend. Huge potential"
,Not Recommended,527230,30329631,Posted: 4 March,all,Game of Ancient,"The game is overall great, but I don't recommand at this point. There are so many bugs on COOP that it can't be played.Let me list a few for you1)HP doesn't update for other player when it's not ur turn.2) Item missing randomly3) Can't do anything during ur turn.4) Sometimes, turn messed up and when it's other players turn, but it is up to you to contorl it.5) Game freezes or unable to do anything other than force quit.So, overall, Game is very challenging. Even Normal is hard as hell.  But too many bugs in COOP mode and COOP is what makes this game standout for me.  Get it when you want to get a Rogue-like DND board experience and bug fixed on creator's end."
76561197993830189,Recommended,527230,30477704,Posted: 12 March,all,CelestialSlayer,"Really fun and challenging game...you will die and you will enjoy starting again. The gear, the weapons, and the powerful artifacts you find along the way create a fun way to explore and reward tough fights. I love how the characters are so well drawn graphic wise that you see the gear on them, and with a few different classes to choose from every team mix adds and contributes something different. I cannot recommend this fun little gem enough - reminds me of a bit fighting fantasy with heroes of might and magic with a roguelike twist..."
76561198259141342,Recommended,527230,30930454,Posted: 3 April,all,casquecrayoncolle,Really great game. Can't wait to see whats coming
76561198106314113,Recommended,527230,30397976,Posted: 8 March,all,ysdamodar,"Once you are in the cave of the main quest, you cannot go out."
,Recommended,527230,30628178,Posted: 19 March,all,Abbynub,C U T E
,Recommended,527230,31040011,Posted: 9 April,all,David,"I'm loving the game, it's great but I just wanted to report a bug because I don't see a way to do it in game. I had a character die in a fight. But the game counted that they were still alive and when it went to their turn nothing happened and it froze the battle. I lost my save and it was pretty bad lol. Don't think it's that common of a bug but... It's there."
76561198068416427,Recommended,527230,31008500,Posted: 7 April,all,Smurk Merc,"Good Game, Good Devs. Can't wait for new encounters and enemies."
76561198031836738,Recommended,527230,32937782,Posted: 28 June,all,slowly_doiphin,I can't stop!!!! 10/10
,Recommended,527230,33332156,Posted: 6 July,all,Napstablook,gud game but is anoyinly buggy in multiplayer several time we were stuck in a bug were nobody could move
76561198272215412,Recommended,527230,33404217,Posted: 9 July,all,...,THis game is actually so good. Game is pretty random and difficult.When you first play this game and it's GG i suppose.Try more and you will know how to win this game lul.cant wait to see part2 :)
76561198081598787,Recommended,527230,31682071,Posted: 11 May,all,Remiös,"I really like this game! My brothers and I have played it for hours, really loving the coop system and relative quick turns. Excited to see what the developers have in store for us!"
76561198196289039,Recommended,527230,31687460,Posted: 11 May,all,titi_2001,"I love it. It's buggy and hard, but I love it. The battle system is nice (it still needs some things), the characters are really cool, and battling is really strategic. If you like turn based RPGs, this is the game for you. It's not like the others of its kind, but it's really good."
76561198310729155,Recommended,527230,33598349,Posted: 16 July,all,Big Boss,10/10...would die again
76561197998740407,Recommended,527230,30645399,Posted: 20 March,all,Seltin,Surprisingly fun
,Recommended,527230,32884066,Posted: 27 June,all,Foggy Fractal,I love how challenging this game is
,Recommended,527230,30514977,Posted: 14 March,all,kitties,Game is good but the chaos mechanic ruins it.
,Not Recommended,527230,34757702,Posted: 5 September,all,ChopperBiuBiuBiu,"single mode is too difficult, already feel uncomfortable after GG all the time"
,Recommended,527230,34693724,Posted: 2 September,all,D3xo,Game is great had a lot of fun playing with my friend. But the problem we had is that there is always 3 heros and we just wanted to play as 2 so we had this one dead weight with us that we just keeped killing off. So if your playing with friends play with 3 of them not 2 or else your have 1 person that has to controll 2 people. All i ask of the developers is to make a mode were you can play as 2 heros. Othere then that great game 8/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,527230,32416687,Posted: 14 June,all,Turfy,"Super fun game but very unforgiving and I like that. The AI will absolutely smash you in the beginning until your gear gets better so don't let that frustrate you because once you start getting some upgrades, they will reap what they sow."
,Recommended,527230,34645274,Posted: 31 August,all,0367,"I love this game, its super fun and super chill to play alone or with friends."
76561198118891166,Recommended,527230,33967116,Posted: 2 August,all,Platonic Hydrocarbon,this game makes me hard
,Recommended,527230,34010002,Posted: 4 August,all,kwhoppy,fun
76561198066627843,Recommended,527230,33216561,Posted: 3 July,all,Monster_SCAG,Hardcore and ephemeralbut enjoyableif it did not crumble you
,Not Recommended,527230,34813091,Posted: 8 September,all,ben,"The graphics are nice but the game mechanics are repetitive and combats are too random to feel enjoyable. Overall, it feels like a very basic dice game with a great skin. Although it has been in development for a while, I would say that this game is nowhere near ready for prime time."
76561198083851910,Not Recommended,527230,34765454,Posted: 5 September,all,Jonathan Cena,Seriously unbalanced combat that really needs to be balanced before this game is anywhere near ready to release
,Recommended,527230,35486302,Posted: 4 October,all,Jake Paul,this game is dope*dab*
76561198048471962,Not Recommended,527230,34870912,Posted: 10 September,all,MagicFishMan,Fix your damn stunlock.
76561198022188152,Not Recommended,527230,34648048,Posted: 31 August,all,A Goodday to Bri,"Tried the game for 3 different updates. Extremely unfun. Random hard is not fun. Doomsday clock, not fun. Non-reliable taunt, unfun. If I see them remove some of the core failures might try."
76561198011947472,Not Recommended,527230,30601541,Posted: 18 March,all,DeadlyGrub,"While I like the game I can't recommend it ATM main reason being that they need serious revisions to the fairness of the obviously rigged RNG.Pros-Good ideas-Interesting mechanics-Cool asthetic-Good classes-Lots of unlock tokens even tho I personal dislike having to unlock this♥♥♥♥♥♥Cons-Obviously scewed rng (I have 92% chance for a perfect fails 4 times in a row....)-Turn timer ruins the game the restriction of time before chaos rises is unfitting for this game as you basically get no chance to explore or grind your way past the horrendous difficulty spikes-The difficulty this♥♥♥♥♥♥is stupid at times you go from fighting stuff your lvl in the first quest to the next one having enemies 2-3 lvls higher then you with a very very restrictive time not allowing you to really grind.-Enemies RNG on attacks seems very off it's rare for an enemy to get 1 failure on a 5 pip attack-Enemies for the majority of the time go first it is very rare to go before them-Costs of items skyrockets after the first area making it hard to heal or get the items needed to survive-♥♥♥♥ the leprachun he is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t steals items randomly when activated by chaos global, go to fight him need to perfect your hits or he dodges, steals all your money every attack, when he is low on hp runs away unless you can make this guy explode with luck then you can't kill the ♥♥♥♥er."
76561198025120878,Recommended,527230,33160705,Posted: 2 July,all,Dart,A really cool coop turn-based RPG game.
76561198007175579,Not Recommended,527230,33634912,Posted: 18 July,all,Haddie,"Has potential, but the incredibly tedious healing and a stressfull timer kills this game for me."
,Not Recommended,527230,30365968,Posted: 6 March,all,[Tech] Knoar,"Spend several hours getting the furthest you've ever gotten just to have some weird error or d/c come up and make you instantly lose all progress, with no saves or checkpoints.  Game is fun, but broken - wait til they fix it."
76561198063392546,Recommended,527230,33218991,Posted: 4 July,all,iam_CHO:SNaX,Funny
76561198001218883,Not Recommended,527230,30545415,Posted: 16 March,all,Manslayer,"This game is beyond frustrating to play, you will have 97% chance for success and fail, you will roll low with 90% for each roll, your opponent will almost always get max damage, and you will get low-med damage most times. Times you don't need perfect rolls, you get perfect rolls, I understand RNG being such a big part, but when I see strength tests, intelligence tests, and the such and I make sure to get my guy over there, use focus to get to 95-99% success then almost always fail roll, I just can't continue, I get beyond frustrated and rage quit every time, even though I am enjoying it, because I am constantly losing to a roll or a this or a that, completely uncontrollable aspect."
,Recommended,527230,34268884,Posted: 15 August,all,Mercuneo,"THE GAME IS SUPERB, an exelent game, but it cannot justify its price, if only you had match making this game  would be worth every single penny but it has this awfull lobby for a 3 person game that makes it imposible to play like it should online."
,Recommended,527230,35402651,Posted: 1 October,all,GoodLy,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing GOOD! Can't wait for new quests and stories!
76561198085326093,Not Recommended,527230,30278244,Posted: 2 March,all,eGamesTVS,"The King of RNG - unfortunatellyI decided to leave this game after 4 hours of gameplay. Why? Because even on easy difficulty you can not beat enemies just because of your skill. This game is one big RNG. You play for an hours, collecting staff only to loose during ambush because of bad RNG. It is normal here that your skills will not hit when you have 90% chance for success.Summary - to big RNG factor. Skill is not so important, only luck. You need to start a game over and over again for some lucky loot at start to have a chance in later game.Graphic, animation and idea of game is very good. I will come back when they will fix algorytms."
76561197981347274,Not Recommended,527230,30287622,Posted: 2 March,all,Vygar,"The game has a lot going for it.  Unfortunately, the ""Chaos"" mechanic makes enjoying the game at a reasonable pace impossible.  You're forced into encounters that your party isn't ready for because ""chaos"" will make the game even more difficult and very quickly gets to the point to where you cannot even revive your characters.Forget about exploring the game, doing side quests, hell or even stopping in at a city in order to buy much needed equipment (which you'll never have enough gold to afford anyway) because you'll be rushed through the main quest line at a pace that's far too fast for the progression of your characters.After a few hours playing this game I have to ask, why build a huge world with a lot of different activities only to encourage/force your players NOT to seek these things out?  Why add a bunch of lore unlocks involving events when you're punishing your players from experiencing them?  It doesn't make any sense.Things I liked* Combat and animations are pretty detailed* Large map to explore with a lot of different eventsThings I didn't* The chaos mechanic which forces a pace way too fast for character development thereby creating an artificial/cheesiness to the ""challenge"".* Exporation is HEAVILY dscouraged.  Forget about looking for those events you just used your Lore points to unlock.  the game will punish you through the ""Chaos"" timer.* There is zero skill involved.  The game decides everything randomly.  Combat in particular is heavily stacked against the player.In all this game could have been a lot of fun but it's hamstrung by mechanics that either cheat outright or are purposely put into place to steal the fun out from under you.  The RPG portion of the game is great, but the Rogue-like is poorly designed."
76561197970537402,Not Recommended,527230,31329125,Posted: 23 April,all,Gabriot,"Indie games are relying on RNG  in all the wrong areas these days.  You can make all the right decisions but in the end you're still praying to the RNG gods that your hits actually land, and that the enemies' don't.  RNG is great for keeping things fresh and unpredictable, but leave it to the world generation and random event generation.  Don't have it be the crutch of how your decision making and strategy get trumped (in either a positive OR negative direction).I know I'm♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥into the wind here, the success of games like Hearthstone and whatnot prove I'm in the minority here.  But for the few that maybe share my mindset, I can tell you the game has promise but overall will kill your interested when you get screwed over by RNG a few too many times."
76561198009863393,Not Recommended,527230,32693347,Posted: 23 June,all,Akinoth,"The premise of the game is fine, and if you are only interested in playing a solo adventure than this is worth checking out. However, if you are looking for a game to play with your friends I recommend looking elsewhere. The game is still extremely glitchy in online coop. Picking up quests will cause the game to not let a player move. It would be almost tolerable if it was a once in a while thing, but it happens every time. Plus the RNG is still heavily in need of tweaking. The odds for good dice rolls seem to be heavily weighted against the player"
76561197970879700,Recommended,527230,30247045,Posted: 28 February,all,KUKWES,"My early impression is very positive so far. The game runs smooth and no game breaking bugs as of yet. I am playing solo currently. The price is really great as well.EDIT: I am hooked. This game is must buy if you are into this type of game. What a chill game to play with lots of loot. Seems simple but there is a lot going on. I can't wait to see them expand the lore store.EDIT 2: Several hours in. Random events, mechanics and implenting pieces for the board adds a lot depth. This is a board game but it is so much more that relies on managing the focus resource which increases chances on rolls. Don't take too long or die often because the game has a chaos system that increases the difficulty and new events unfold.  I believe the Co-op mode needs 2 & 2 even if it breaks balance at the moment."
76561198079781867,Not Recommended,527230,35124906,Posted: 22 September,all,Gone_Astray,Game is not worthy of your time. You will have to spend a long time fighting enemies at your low level character and you will keep dying because not enough points to up your skills. Poorly manage unbalanced game that spawns enemies that makes you keep spending all your coins in the game when you are at your last wit. Worst game I've played this year. Never touching it again.
,Recommended,527230,32867966,Posted: 27 June,all,Akiea,This game is dope.
,Not Recommended,527230,30621534,Posted: 19 March,all,cumag,"This game is slow and poorly balanced.  Even on easy mode, the pace of actual play is torturous, while the mandatory and optional quests are on very short timers.  There may be a good game in here somewhere, but it will take a lot of tuning to improve it.   Combat animations are slow and repetitive, graphics quality is just ok, and options in combat are limited.  Interactions with menus, daily movement rolls, and town services require too many clicks.  Unlike truly difficult games like Salt & Sanctuary where the expectation is repeated death with some tax for dying, most of For The King is at the edge of what your characters are capable of achieving and a little beyond.  Not a good use of time (I'm about 2.5 hours in)."
76561197989863313,Recommended,527230,33109020,Posted: 1 July,all,Caiden!,Love it!
,Not Recommended,527230,33889538,Posted: 29 July,all,Peboom,This game is way too unbalance all the inflation of the healing herb and all the annoying troll that game want you to interact is too unbalance in such a way that i cannot recommend this game to other.
76561198077386627,Recommended,527230,33119695,Posted: 2 July,all,The Shepherd.,สนุกดีเกมยังแอบมีบัคของเกมบ้าง  แต่โดยหลักแล้วสนุกมาก
76561198073636995,Recommended,527230,33561589,Posted: 15 July,all,KushTheDuck,"This is a really cool and fun game, I like it cuz it was the elements that i want in a rpg!Worth the money if you like rpg's :D<3<3<3"
76561198052400812,Not Recommended,527230,34992170,Posted: 16 September,all,Lorthenyie,"bought this on sale. thought it looked cool. wasn't.-combat gets old quickly-turn based movement is tedious-didn't feel compelled to do anything-Early Access, so okay. But, game crashed after 20 minutes. (playing on Macbook)Overall boring."
76561198275613634,Recommended,527230,30563803,Posted: 16 March,all,CaptainCole,HIGHLY RECOMMEND GAMEPLAY IS GOING LIVE 3/17 AThttps://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpArDlBUZxLGZY2HS8vrcVA
,Recommended,527230,33860957,Posted: 28 July,all,Brazzers,结合了桌游和rpg的游戏，虽然现在只有一个但剧本桌游元素非常的精髓觉得很亲切很感动，可玩性也很高，音乐美术程序也很用心不显得粗糙总的来说 快买了来开团啊
,Recommended,527230,34649679,Posted: 31 August,all,Martha Stewart,Good game I love it!
76561197975413834,Recommended,527230,33613914,Posted: 17 July,all,Vorrac,this is a great game to play with friends!
76561197970567609,Not Recommended,527230,31330809,Posted: 23 April,all,keninja,"hmm. I really want to like this game, but it is very frustrating most of the time. Basically, right now, to advance past the second quest, you have to do things perfectly, and I mean ABSOLUTELY perfectly, even on easy. If you dont follow the exact prescription that you can find in the discussions, you might as well forget about even getting close to finishing. Oh, ya and you have to keep doing it over and over and over until the RNG gods favor you with perfect rolls too! GAH!I even found the hacked DLLs that let you increase the number of turns for quests and its still an absolute (female dog) at times.And devs, the choice between ""save and exit"" and ""exit"" is (very foolish or stupid) without including a ""save"" option! Do I really have to exit to menu every time I want to save my progress? This is infuriating when you also consider the playthrough perfection that requires you save after every positive outcome in order to steadily advance. But God forbid you save and exit in a dungeon because the one time I tried, it completely forgot about me resting between levels and screwed that playthrough for me.Side quests? Dont make me laugh! Who the hell has time for side quests when you have 2 rounds left to travel 20 hexes?Bottom line: Its a good concept with good graphics, audio, etc, but the crazy time limits completely ruin this game for me, so I dont recommend it at all unless you're a huge fan of speed playthroughy gaming."
76561198025725125,Not Recommended,527230,35047511,Posted: 18 September,all,mr.icyhotchucknorrispants,"I like this game. I really do. but god this game is unplayable. I thought I understood what early access means but apperently i dont. The game crashes every 30 minutes. There are multiple glitches that make it unplayable. Its incredibly frustrating because it really is a fun game, that has an incredible visual flair. But I would STRONGLY recommend not buying this game. Wait until its fixed, if ever, then its worth 15$ or more, till then its not even worth 1$."
,Not Recommended,527230,30583869,Posted: 17 March,all,N e r f A k i r a,"just in a poor state atm, doesn't teach you anything really, lets you fend for yourself in an very unsatifying way, and ultimately just doesn't look like it will be worth anything down the line, simply because just about every part of the game feels lacking..."
76561198203225750,Recommended,527230,34160362,Posted: 10 August,all,edhannigan3,i love this game haw ever i prefurd the former lokashen fo the end turn buten and the whay that the lif sitem ust to whurk whus nice.thank you for reaing this
,Not Recommended,527230,34745320,Posted: 4 September,all,johnmyster,"For the King...It starts off promising enough, where you assemble a party of three, with four classes to choose from. — Blacksmith, Scholar, Hunter?, and something else.Then the game starts, and you're faced with an extremely generic story, simplistic combat, and randomness up the yin-yang. It feels like a mobile game.Combat options consist of attack and... slightly different attack. You can spend focus points to increase your accuracy. You take different turns for each party member and it's easy to get separated as their movement is — you guessed it, random. I don't want to move over the same tiles three times just to get somewhere, thanks.Perhaps the game gets better, but it really does a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor job of drawing me in. I suppose it could be fun with friends, but I'd rather just play Talisman. Requested a refund.Pros:Pretty graphicsDecent musicCons:Simplistic gameplayRNG-festPoor story"
76561198021032603,Not Recommended,527230,30738455,Posted: 25 March,all,Stryfe,"Pretty cool game for sure.   Nearly every bad comment is from people who don't understand the game and want an easy win.   The game is not difficult, it's not easy, it's not something you'll breeze through......and that's why this is so much fun!There is no need to write up a lengthy review since this game is only $15.....GET IT!EDIT:  After extensive play I changed my recommendation to ""No"".   See my below UPDATE."
76561198157406124,Not Recommended,527230,30442735,Posted: 11 March,all,Specrez,"this game is awesome, worth playing board game.but i still cann't recommend it for it  mady by unity,  still have lots  lot of crash bugs."
76561198007041040,Not Recommended,527230,31384729,Posted: 26 April,all,Arthearius,"This review is during Early Access and does not focus on polish or bugs.  Rather, its a reivew based on the main direction of the game.This is very charming at first, the art style is good if not a bit too cartoonish and lacking in flare. The charming introduction to the game is short lived as you begin to understand that this game is 50% hardcore min/max and 50% incredibly frustrating RNG.You are at the mercy of an angry, vindictive and murderous RNGesus. In addition the game is heavily stacked against success.  So much so that there is a warning when starting the game that you will fail time and time again but through learning why you will succeed.  I believe they are attempting to capture that D&D dice roll feel in combat but through it's simplicity they weight the success and failure of every interaction too heavily onto a single RNG stat check.This is by far the most frustrating game I have played in my life and I play some doozies (Overwatch competitive anyone). Only buy this game if you have a lot of time to kill and deal well with RNG failures that cause you to REPEAT the same part of the game over and over until you luck into the next phase."
76561198022546511,Not Recommended,527230,30437273,Posted: 10 March,all,[DD] KrYpToNiTe,Well im a big fan of turn based games but this game is way to hard even on easy mode i cant beat it.. is like 10% skill 90% luck and i unlocked evrything cept the purple colored items from the shop.. for exemple mission 2 u have to finde a locacion  u have x turns to do 3 things 2 will show up on the map but are hard to beat with your lvl and u may get lucky and get nice items... but the bows are broken now for som resson thay were better like 2 days ego now 80% of them are crap like exemple 2 ** to hit 81%  21 dmg i hit 1 * and it dous 6 dmg purple bow.. ones i found an item amulet i think it had 1500% dmg vs humanoid i did 1000 dmg even with 1 out of 4 **** to any humanoid so i think this was a mistake and needs fixing. so 10% skill 90% luck (with items and fights) and we cant even save.. there are 3 main missions and evry mission finished the prise of potions gous up like 200% to make it even harder and i hate the fact that after the heaos metter is full we cant resurect any 1:/  The game has potential but thay have to fix this. As it is now i dont recoment the game coz it gets frustrating if u cant make it to the end after manny runs..
76561198100198999,Not Recommended,527230,30347950,Posted: 5 March,all,Lash,"First impression, this game is unstable and crashes more time than is works.  I will update this review if the issue is resolved."
76561198069148086,Not Recommended,527230,32100710,Posted: 31 May,all,Pickle Rick,I enjoy this game.I can't recommend this game.I will tell you why.*Round counter runs out*
76561198082303299,Not Recommended,527230,32855189,Posted: 27 June,all,aoigami,"Remove the time limit!It's♥♥♥♥♥♥and is no fun.No sense of progression at all...you got gold but healing house or healing items cost more gold each turn,IT'S STUPID!!!"
,Not Recommended,527230,31475675,Posted: 30 April,all,Jen Dorkface,"Cute. Really want to like it, but its a mess playwise. Which is sad becuase it has potential to be a good game."
,Not Recommended,527230,30423809,Posted: 10 March,all,Tom Bombadil,"truly one of the worst most regretable purchases ive ever made of any type in my life. ever. period.absolutely the worst combat system ever devised in any game ever made.  and since combat is the base of this game it is completely unplayable as it is.why on earth the devs think having the enemys do perfect hits over over 90% of the time noone will ever know.  in my 47 turn survey the enemy did 43  perfect hits (91.4%) in the same time, using focus and abilities as i saw fit i had less than 20% giving the enemy well over double my damage 7.4 to 3.8.  yes this combat system is SO BAD it drove me to do this HOMEWORK.then i went and watched a few lets plays to see if it was just me or whats up.  after a few turns every single players gets peeved about this mechanic, and rightly so, it is the worst made combat system ever.who the hell is rating this game so highly?  it looks cool yes and the premise seems good. but when you get down to it combat is 99% of the game and the combat is VERY BROKEN.DEVS plz fix this game (i say fix because it IS broken) unfortunetly my 2.3 hours in game (at the time i applied) was .3 hours too many and disqualified me from getting a refund."
76561198181416635,Not Recommended,527230,30501459,Posted: 13 March,all,OMNI1994,blance the game i love how it is but really ive just found myself in the first part for so long because you have no chance of beating the dungon while not healing and even so its hard enough to just live but to beat every enemy without retreat is just stupid i mean even after that you have to deal with chaous in the world from deaths and the fact that the night time has lvl 4-5 monsters when your only lvl 1-2 by night time even if u grind really well and dont stir any chaous up you still dont have much of a chance unless you have RN JESUS on your side i would rather the game be playable then completly freaking random. i had an imp wipe my whole team because he only had to make one check to hit a punch and with his speed and the slow he apllied he managed to wipe a whole geared 3 man team with the help of a freez skelaton not a game if u cant even play it on normal. keep in mind i dont want it to be easy i just wanna play it atleast throught the dungon jesus do you even play your own game
,Not Recommended,527230,33757938,Posted: 23 July,all,AKAYA,"游戏很棒,然而存档完全BUG了玩不了了,心血号这样已经不想打开游戏了.sad如果后续能修复BUG的话会来改好评."
76561198040724455,Not Recommended,527230,30393574,Posted: 8 March,all,farfadern,"I would not recommend this game to any one as it stands right now. it has way to many flaws, and the way to unlock things is ridicilous."
76561198003628748,Not Recommended,527230,30327255,Posted: 4 March,all,RebornZ,"Very buggy game. It is often crushing during the game, also the are no save if game crushed. So u should to begin again. Game is very raw"
76561197996297444,Not Recommended,527230,31854593,Posted: 19 May,all,Peter Griffin,"If i could sum up this game in one word it would be very easy: RNGIt's the single most RNG game i've ever played.Skill, equipment, tactics, classes are all fairly meaningless in this game, whether you win a fight comes down to one thing, how lucky you get on the RNG roll. Oh and the mobs it seems are many times more lucky on all their RNG rolls for some reason.If you love gambling and online casinos this game is for you. If you like skill, tactics and a challenge, this game definitle is NOT for you."
76561198159031072,Not Recommended,527230,30357515,Posted: 6 March,all,tagged,keeps crashing specially in CAVES. im using MAC
,Not Recommended,527230,31413875,Posted: 28 April,all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,"while it is fun i just can't recommend this game AT THIS TIME when darkest dungeon and divinity original sin do what this game is trying to do but better.darkest dungeon has better party building/compositions to work with, workshop mod support, and multiple modes where you can play with or without a fail state. it also has a new DLC coming up in may for even more content.divinity original sin has 4 player co op with mods (instead of for the king's 3), a longer story, no time limits, workshop mod support, and far more character customization.yes both of these games are more expensive but if you ever get DOS or DD for half off in a sale it's just a much better experience than this game.i'll probably keep it and play now and then because 1. it's early access so it may get much better later on and 2. the progression is fun. playing to unlock things is a fun thing to do in video games and this game nails that.it's not a bad game but i would not recommend it to people that ask me because i would just say ""wait for divinity original sin to go on sale and play that with 4 friends instead of for the king."" because the thumbs up or thumbs down for these reviews isn't ""is this bad or is this good"" it's ""do you recommend this game?"" and no,  i do not."
76561198030925878,Not Recommended,527230,34669928,Posted: 1 September,all,donschmiddy,"NOPE! I really wanted to like this game, i really did.The graphic are good until you defeat certain npcs, that bleed... a lot. I am not sure how or why they desgined it this way, because everything else is design cute and adorably. (Talk about bad visual designs and breaking the setting, not every game needs blood)The Gameplay is horrible. You can not beat this game even if you really play this game well. It is not because it is to complicated or punishing but because of bad game desgin. Why: The ingame Lorestore. You buy ingame content with ingame currency which is kinda neat at first until you realize that you have to grind for ingame currency to actually play higher levels of difficulty. I mean who thought up that gem: ""Let's make our players loose and loose and loose until they manage to get the entire content."" This is stupid for so many reasons. Just to give a few examples:1. The skill trainer: you need to unlock this in the lorestore and he gives you insane benefits.2. Traveling merchants: Buy gear way ahead of your current progress.Both are relatively cheap. Both however offer unfair and overpower advantages.Most people have never thought about what makes a game good and apparently this gamedesigners haven'T either. The answer is simple: Meaningful choices. Those can be as simple as the next turn in pacman or story decisions in skyrim. (both of which are the best examples for simple and complex versions)The problem here: This game doesn't even give you the full array of choices from the beginning.Take skyrim for example. The equivalent would be to offer the guilds and various factions up for ingame currency. This just doesn't make sense -.- .The highest difficulty is completly impossible form the beginning without the additional content because it adds alternatives which are better in every aspect from the basegame.Don't get me wrong. The game is good and wellmade and even fun in parts, but I will not recomend it on the basis of bad design decisions."
76561198114297389,Not Recommended,527230,34076972,Posted: 7 August,all,leenda,>fights boss>gets robbed of tinder pouch>boss runs away>is robbed of tinder pouch and tons of exp10/10 would play game
76561198349195867,Not Recommended,527230,30388522,Posted: 8 March,all,yucheng.xu,"Everything is terrible. Graphic, music (annoying), gameplay."
76561198032528758,Not Recommended,527230,33329100,Posted: 6 July,all,mriley26,"Doesn't work on a 2013 macbook pro despite meeting recommended settings.  Crashes computer every 30 minutes without fail.Shame, cause it's otherwise a pretty sweet game.  Touches the systems itch!"
76561197990994221,Recommended,527230,34633707,Posted: 31 August,all,Sparkeh!?!?,Yeah. Is good.
76561198045595180,Not Recommended,527230,31269748,Posted: 20 April,all,c_photografix,"It is a great strategy game...sadly it is way too difficuly even on EASY. This becomes very frustrating if you are a casual player. When you die, you start over at the beginning and not at a save point because there is NO SAVE POINT. The only save you have is when you exit the game and return to play, continuing where you left off and (as I have said) if you die, you have to start over from the beginning...and this is on the easy setting...REDICULOUS!!!!!Its a great game but due to the high level of difficulty, I would not recommend this game for casual fun."
,Not Recommended,527230,31885218,Posted: 21 May,all,ZenmanDesigner,"Okay, where to begin? For the King is an Rogue-Like RPG Time Management game. It's gameplay revolves around the idea that you must complete certain tasks, on a hexagon map in a certain amount of time. This game is punishing, even on the easiest difficulty. The thing I don't understand is that it seems to punish you for trying to expore places. EVEN PLACES THAT OUR MEANT TO BE PART OF THE OBJECTIVE! And I was given absoulutely no warning. This game gives no tells or any form of ""Hey, this might be dangerous better gear up"" For example, I had recently geared up on new weapons for my entire party, and was feeling pretty good after the last objective. I walk over to do an objective where it wants me to enter an old celler. ""Not to bad, I thought"" but It would only allow me to put one of my guys into it so I thought I'd send in the warrior, ""he can take hits He'll be fine"" and then I go in Combat starts with an Acid slime and it DESTROYS MY NEW WEAPON at the start of the fight, and this isn't the only instance no, I just got to this point by stacking Blacksmiths because they're the most survivable class in this game.tl;dr If you want to buy this game be aware that it's going to ♥♥♥♥ you in the♥♥♥♥♥for trying to do anything that sounds like fun."
76561198354959768,Not Recommended,527230,32132443,Posted: 2 June,all,andy2017new,To anoying because of its repetition and has bugs .. like a f$$$### lot
,Not Recommended,527230,31669479,Posted: 10 May,all,rain,"THIS GAME IS CRAZY! ITS TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO DIFFICULT! I was playing it on Easy but its CRAZY! I've never encountered a game this unfair and hard to play. First i thought i'd give it a try with a mix of other classes. I've tried 4 times on EASY mode and still its impossible to play!Games are supposed to be challenging and fun at the same time instead of making you pull out every single strand of your hair. I suggest stay away from this game. Yeah i know many would be like ""Heh this person is a noob, i'm a pro gamer and can beat any game"" but trust me when i saw this game is ♥♥♥♥edddddddddddddd up!!"
,Not Recommended,527230,33388197,Posted: 8 July,all,Sebastian,get renowned explorers.
,Not Recommended,527230,32260165,Posted: 7 June,all,BloodshotGamer525,RNG
76561198114838261,Not Recommended,527230,30297028,Posted: 3 March,all,- S -,The game is awesome but cant possibly play in Mac when it keeps crashing!!!!
76561198005907397,Not Recommended,527230,34218922,Posted: 13 August,all,vzerov1985,Lock playable characters in lores store is just dumb.
76561198029959851,Not Recommended,527230,34663603,Posted: 1 September,all,unseen_83,"Like; rpg.. able to play in 3 character of your choice.. good adventure .. exploringdislike: game can be Dificult! un fair! and if you chose easy mode Game still can FLIP on switch CHEAT!  e.g. gameplay even so your team is next to you, when face by enemy1 VS 3 but how?? all group just next to me.. ?? BUG!:? error ??"
,Not Recommended,527230,31081541,Posted: 11 April,all,Predator,Dont buy it yet. Buggy af.
76561198247551162,Not Recommended,527230,33437128,Posted: 10 July,all,Ashe,แพทช์ใหม่ทำเพื่อให้ง่ายขึ้น แต่ทำไมนี่เเล่นแล้วแม่งยากกว่าเดิมอีกวะ 55555555555555Developer said that thee new patch made the game easier so we can beat the game in hard mode but for me it's just harder then it used to be ;-;
76561197964042184,Not Recommended,527230,30251331,Posted: 28 February,all,Derpy,"If you like kicking yourself in the nuts this game is for you! Dont play this game unless you've won the lottery twice in your life time. Anything less and your not lucky enough to get very far in this game. Solid concept just awful if your not a lucky person. Even on easy it feels like mordhiem on hard or brutal and if you've played that then you know going into it your going in bent over and backwards. Mobs will rob you, mobs will break your gear and you wont get it back. Mobs will roll better then you and out gear you. Imo There needs to be a more casual game mode with more turns allowed before each quest completion."
,Not Recommended,527230,33110418,Posted: 1 July,all,呆萌萌的呆呆獸,"Why would anyone just brought this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥to disgust thyself? Just a little bit unfortune and everything fXXked up. Why can't i just rely only my skills but my luck as well? With this game, bad fortune haunt me day and night now lol"
,Not Recommended,527230,34688664,Posted: 2 September,all,Mrlol,0/5
76561198021920240,Recommended,527230,30367357,Posted: 6 March,all,Cyell,"This game is amazing! But save often! There is no auto-save that I'm aware of, and I've had the game crash on me a few tims now, 2+ hours of amazing run just gone."
76561198071044788,Recommended,527230,30380141,Posted: 7 March,all,Klyvy,"This is a very petty game, you think your having a good run and then they give you a mimic and it eats your soulBut all in all its pretty gr8 m8 lots of playability worth the money"
,Recommended,527230,30415866,Posted: 9 March,all,Th30nlyHitMan,"This game is one of the better games of its type in my opinion, it is very suspensful and very fun even being early access it is very likely when the game is out of early access that this game may be the best roguelike game of 2017. I feel that the development of new features are going to be amazing for the game i do notice that dodging in the game is a chance thing this makes the game harder but i feel that some machanic should be added to this aspect but over all id give this game a 10/10 you will definatly enjoy it and i do reccomend this to everyone looking for an amazing rpg/rogulike game."
76561198099763863,Recommended,527230,30361107,Posted: 6 March,all,ArmaniX,"After 23 hours finally discovered a way to beat easy mode! Hurray~~job selectionThe best for me was herbalist and 2 woodcutterLet The herbalist equip spellbookWhile the woodcutter preferrably axe or swords~~EquipmentsInstead of investing all your money in herbs all the time, spend money on good equipments instead during the earlier levels, having high defence would mean getting close to zero damage, getting damage around 5 to 10 isnt much of a problem since your herbalist can do party healingGetting items such as elite ambushes are quite useful in the earlier levels, where u cant kill of hordes of monster, killing them one by one would do just fineCollect more yellow herbs, start saving since early game, cause later on u can spam 100% focus and kill off bosses easilyAnother one of the tactics i used was giving on character the highest armour possible, and then give him a shield, taunting enemies to keep engaging him but he would recieve close to nothing damage.... Do this only if your are broke as crap and can only invest into one character, ps: taunting also increases your armour and resistant for single turnHowever if would be better still if everyone were to have high level of defence instead of a single high defence characterQuests!Do the quest whenever you reach a new city!Sometimes items are better if u have invested a lot into lore, there are some helpful items to be used, i personally dislike glass weapon, they literally break after less than 4 to 5 times usage~Fighting with the chaos timerTo beat the chaos timer always analyze your steps firstAlways get ready teleport scroll and portal scrolls, in easy mode, in my experience all you need is around 4 portal and 4 teleport scroll to be able to catch up with the timer as well as getting the statues that you want, the teleport range is huge thus, u can save a lot of time and effortTrain and level up your characters, do not waste unnecessary movements, deploy your character efficiently...Another Fact for example:you have 5 moves left, dont waste the moves, instead stay next to the location for the quest clearance, and keep training beside it,  You can actually even exceed the moves, as long as you have one character beside the location, he can bring the surrounding nearby character all into the dungeon immediately, a good time to use tinder( the sleeping tent) when the chaos timer appears, let everyone sleep and rest, just ignore all the lightining and destruction occuring beside you, after entering the dungeon and clearing the stage, everything will get re-set to normalSometimes, to save up on healing items, you just let your character die, and you revive then and u can get back 50% of heal and focus~Saving Cheats~Before every fight that u are not confident of beating, press the save and exit buttonIn the fight if you are losing or gonna get wipe out, just click Alt F4And you will restart form the same location of the save spotIf u arent a seasoned player just keep doing this,Another thing u can do, for example u have 22 moves, save before moving, then use up all the 22 moves to explore the whole map, getting to know where to buy wat items, and where to locate statues and all, after getting all the information, close it and then restart, now u will know what to do...Also save before entering the last boss fight, you cant save the game after entering a dungeonBoss fightAfter dying like a gazillion times, finally figured out some of his attacksBefore the boss fight, you will be given firesilk, 100% heals all hp and focus, let every character have one of itAlways STUN the boss as soon as possible, the dogs dont really do much damage to you when u have considerable armour toward the end...The boss has too many different attacks, stunning him quickly and take down his hounds as fast as possible, healing focus point as you go, if the boss is not stun, the buffs and debuffs the activates will be the death of you, one single mistake and you will be wiped off immediatelyBoss skillsHe has a skill to~~increase 70 over amour~~either normal armour or resistant armour, for himself as well as his minions~~Some other skills include removing all your focus points instantly~~Interruption skils~~poison~~stun@skills to look out for@They can destroy your resistance, rendering your resistance to zero, u can solve this either by using taunt and your resistance will be back or using items to boost resistance@damage aoe@This skill of his has high damage 50 to 60 damage to people with 20 over armourJust keep restarting if you cant defeat the boss, you will finally come to knowledge about his skillsAlso, try to use equipments that increases speed, if not they will keep attacking and attacking, having high speed is what you need to secure victory as wellwell.. after 23 hours of trial and error, finally came to know all of this to defeat the game in..... yeah EASY mode....haha... well i am done and had enough of this game well... for the time being until more content be releasedEven though frustrating, but finally defeatin the game once truly feels accomplished!With that said, this game is definitely set to play against your favours, to be able to win even though things are against your odds are truly amazinghope this guide sorta thing can be somewhat useful to the players out there having a rough time! Cheers and byePS: try to max up all the lore, the do help the game, even in easy mode it is easy to farm lore, the caves and dungeon in the oceans and around level 5. which is quite easy to beat and take a short amout of time, each cave can give up to 8 lores! cheers!I have exceed 200 over lores, just waiting for new updates to buy more lore items~"
76561198095247412,Recommended,527230,30470670,Posted: 12 March,all,Online,"This game has went FAR beyond my expectations! This is one of those games that I literally sat around waiting on for weeks and weeks. RPG style game with a boardgame aspect, BRILLIANT! It took me about 2 hours to completely get the concept down but after about 5 hours in game, I ended up beating the game. I have a list of bugs that I have been keeping up with too that need to be fixed or atleast looked into. OVERALL GREAT GAME! KEEP UP THE WONDERFUL WORK!"
76561198141505384,Recommended,527230,30459291,Posted: 11 March,all,nerak1138,"If you like getting your♥♥♥♥♥kicked by brutal roguelike games, you'll love For the King. For an alpha, this already has a lot of content and things to unlock. The music is epic. The characters are ordinary citizens instead of professional fighters, but have the familiar skill sets you would see for fighters, rogues, bards, etc. I haven't tried multiplayer, but I can see how this would work because each character moves independently instead of as a group. I'm having a blast with this game so far and can't wait to see how it develops."
76561198054576246,Recommended,527230,30463829,Posted: 11 March,all,Prithee,"This game is fantastic.  I can't really see any issues with it right now.  Hardcore mode is the best way to play; other modes are not as enthralling.  Straight up yo: this game is nearly perfect.  IDK what i'll think after 10 hours of play, but so far, if the devs keep pumping out new stuff for the lore store i don't see why i wouldn't play more.In essence this game is a roguelike where you control 3 characters.  There is muchrandomness but more strategy.  Lots of character customization, weapons, classes and other great RPG elements.O, and the best part about this game is you have a pipe, which you will smoke plenty of herbs with.  You can even level your pipe!EDIT:  It's become evident, after trying to beat the second main quest (after purging the glitter cave) on hardcore mode, that it is IMPOSSIBLE!  The game becomes so difficult I doubt devs can even beat it.  Needs more balance."
,Recommended,527230,30434566,Posted: 10 March,all,gzp578,"So I've played this game religiously for the past few days. It is exactly the type of game I love to play. Turn Based, with on going rewards through multiple play throughs. Procedural Generation is a VERY big thing for me too. The aesthetics and design of the game is beyond gorgeous, and shows, what the right kind of creative minds can come up with. That said, it does have it's fair share of issues, which hamper the game. But as it is an early release for this reason specifically, I can understand that.The GoodLike I said, it's very aesthetically pleasing. I love the random pop ups you get when you walk around the map. And I love the multiple enemy types and abilities scattered throughout. When you buy a new piece of armor or weapon, you really DO know that it makes a difference. Feeling that difference means a TON in games like these. Procedural Generation that encourages multiple playthroughs is a BIG thing for me. And this game does that, with near perfection.The BadThe combat. Goodness Gracious. The combat. Such a wonderful idea. And in theory, it works out beautifully. But there is something that really irks me about it. Two things specifically. The chance system, is overwhelmingly unfair. As in the enemies of the poor citizens we send off, have a near perfect roll ratio, and are ALWAYS levels higher than you. You can see as to how that would lead to frustration. Through the nearly 25 playthroughs I've upt into this game, I have yet to see an enemy roll all x's. Whereas, I've done so with stat buffed charchters many a time. I get that the game is supposed to be difficult. But  relying on a ""chance"" system, that then ALSO is unfairly balanced towards the opposing side, it leads to only the luckiest of individuals making any progress through the game. It makes it feel as though strategy is unrewarded. Careful and meticulous planning can fall apart in an instant. Through no fault of your own gameplay at all. I can't tell you how many times I've gone through dungeos (insanely difficult) and getting destroyed on the next wave (enemies always have priority attack, and many of the time, they all get off their abilities before you can counter, regardless of your speed attribute) all because of things I cannot control. It really sucks.The chaos system. While I understand the idea of adding to that, and making it so the players feel a bit of pressure, it's just too much. When you add together the fact that:1. Enemies roll favorably more than a majority of the time.2. Enemies always out level you3. Enemies go before you unless you use a massive amount of focus. Leaving you with none during random chance encounters or critical moment.4. Gold income is not sufficient enough for the quick inflation of basic items needed. Therefore, players are left having to pick healing herbs over armor. (Godsbeard starts at about 8g. Ends up being about 80g after like...turn 27.)Preparation is near impossible in this game. You will never face a boss battle or scourge attempt thinking you've done well to be ready. Because they will always have those advantages over you. I understand it's supposed to be a difficult game. But with so many things stacked against the player, (on EASY mode, I might add) You start to wonder why you try at all. I've yet to get past the second main quest, simply because if I rush to complete the objectives, I die. If I spend a few extra turns doing sidequests and fighting baddies, chaos goes up to level 5, and I die by a chaos beast ambush. (Don't get me started on that). Which basically means, you have to be insanely lucky with loot drops, (alot of them are for classes you aren't even playing with) In order to progress decently. It's a very, VERY frustrating process. And one I do hope they fix. Because I've fallen in love with this game. And I will continue to play, for a LONG time!Thanks guys!"
,Recommended,527230,30438830,Posted: 10 March,all,Nicklaus,"The graphics are so aesthetic and the mechanics are fun, but the random chance for success type of attacks are a bit painful. You can have the best weapons in the game and still lose because of random  chance..."
76561198053699587,Recommended,527230,30532830,Posted: 15 March,all,Doug Boyd,"The Devs need to hurry up and sort that ""RNG"" If you can even call it that, the game is enjoyable but you cant have the odds of RNG so in favour of beating the players all of the time i like a dark souls game but even players of that know when you get geared you have a better chance, well not in this game Just Balance the RNG they should be as lucky or unlucky as me not 100% borderline every attack, this game is good but wait for the devs to register some common sense and get rid of the chaos timer completely or balance the RNG so that the chaos timer isnt forcing you to get penetrated every fight for being almost under geared and under leveled."
76561198042430560,Recommended,527230,30519555,Posted: 14 March,all,Spicay,"Amazing game that I've already sunk 50 hours into..the multiplayer is quite buggy and has a lot of crashes and black screen issues, mainly relating to turns after completing a dungeon, but it's still 100% worth the money, especially considering once the multiplayer crash issues get fixed the game will be great."
76561198260305543,Recommended,527230,30457162,Posted: 11 March,all,XianShetsu,"Its taken me almost 39 hours but I finally beat the final boss... on easy.It only took 3 simple steps:Step 1: Unlock HerbalistStep 2: Hoard all the GodsbeardStep 3: ProfitOverall fun game.However, once you've died enough times to figure everything out, its just a timekillerHonestly would have enjoyed the online mode with more than 3 people though..."
,Recommended,527230,30496501,Posted: 13 March,all,Nemaren󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,This is an incredible game! Sure there are some minor bugs but the devs have been great so far trying to fix tham and have been very active in engaging with the community not only about bugs but about what they want to see in the game as well. Gives me faith in the video game industry again!
76561198027996465,Recommended,527230,30460801,Posted: 11 March,all,ツ ƒ∟◡ƒƒÿ ツ,"good game so far got loads of replayability as well hope they keep the items coming. you basically play to fail but get better threw playing with loot, as the loot earned it kept at the end of the game so your party will be stronger next play threw. think darkest dungeon meets darksouls meets old school final fantasy combat with abit of RNG. Really like the game so far"
,Recommended,527230,30460691,Posted: 11 March,all,lanky14,"Very fun with friends. Has some bugs and rough spots with interface in multiplayer but it's early access, the fun is there regardless."
,Recommended,527230,30596160,Posted: 18 March,all,syalos,"Awesome game, but sadly you need 2 other people to start having real fun! Great concept, beautiful art."
76561198255590589,Recommended,527230,30548443,Posted: 16 March,all,krusang,"Great game so far. Only played for two hours but I definitely intend on playing it for longer.Things I esepically like about this game are the art style, the multitude of random events, the weather changing system is definitely a nice touch. The wide assortment of items and weapons keeps the game fresh and interesting each time.As other players have mentioned, I wish the Chaos ""timer"" was extended a bit simply because I want more time to explore the vast area around me, killing monsters and taking on random quests.Also, I believe that one character death shouldn't equal one chaos token. Perhaps 2 deaths equaling a chaos would make more sense.Overall, I'm extremely happy with the game and can't wait to see what more the developers will add."
76561198124892827,Recommended,527230,30538028,Posted: 16 March,all,LuxAgro)(,this game is amazing and funny as crap and hard hahah but thats what its fun about this game each choice you make feels like you might die. Keep up the work and updates hope to see more stuff. More classes and items would be nice and pets maybe. but i love this game please me.
76561197962335677,Recommended,527230,30560293,Posted: 16 March,all,AngryCpt,"The % to hitting for players vs monster is way off, I have never seen 80%+ miss so often in my life, where as the monster almost never miss. Also the scaling is crazy, in a game that makes you rush to do things in a certain amount of rounds, the scaling gets so incredible, you have to sit for 30 rounds and attempt to farm monsters, all the while the choas builds and things become unbeatable. I love the idea and play style of this game, and am perfectly fine with difficulty, but the scaling from the 1st set of quests to the 2nd set really needs to be worked on. I am 100% waiting for the tweaks to this game, as its really enjoyable, esp in co-op, but it needs work."
76561198051169707,Recommended,527230,30549468,Posted: 16 March,all,Karl BONDE,First review on a game from my part after many games tried.This is a really cool game and although it's utterly challenging with alot of reruns it keeps me exited to keep trying. I've played some games with a similar difficulty but it usually gets tiring pretty quick.+Engaging combat+Alot of content+Low price+Co-Op both LAN and online-No free roam / arena to try out characters / weapons / tactics-No PVPConsidering the game is only in early access with this much content and seemingly without any mayor bugs I would strongly recommend you guys to try it out. Your support will hopefully give the devs possibility to make this game a future classic.Keep up the good work devs & take care!
,Recommended,527230,31328114,Posted: 23 April,all,julian0024,"I don't usually rate games.However, I really felt the need to go on here and say that THIS GAME IS WORTH YOUR TIME. I've been hoping from game to game over the past few weeks, and once I got this game, I have been borderline addicted.The replayability is fantastic, the gameplay is great.Yes the RNG is a cruel mistress, but there are plenty of mechanics in the game to help you mitigate the math, and thats the way it should be.Ultimately the game is difficult, and you will die often. Thankfully, the trials and tribulations just make success all that much sweeter.I highly recommend you try a party of minstrel, scholar, and woodcutter. Fantastic."
,Recommended,527230,31340932,Posted: 24 April,all,Lane,"This review is in Early Access... I will update this review on occassion.This is pretty much what you thought ARMELLO would be, an epic adventure full of quests and challenges... and infinite replayability. However, this combines the unfair RNG from DARKEST DUNGEON and DUNGEONs and DRAGONs, exploration/fog of war like CIVILIZATION, Character progression similar to basic MOBAs, with graphics reminding you that this is still Early Access.In my first 5 hours on the easy setting, I died and restarted about 5 times... but each time there was something to learn from my failure. And each time I restarted I did a little better based on my previous experience, which is how the game is designed apparently. This game was what I wanted Armello and Blackgaurds to be, but I'm still trying to figure out if that type of game is one that I actually want- I'll see in time."
,Recommended,527230,31334652,Posted: 23 April,all,Maartius,Excellent game for a lot of laughs with 3 friends. Even when the multiplayer was still seriously buggy (most of it has been fixed by now) we kept trying and trying. Where in other games people might get real salty when they have to start over when they lose in For the King this simply means you get to go on anothere adventure!
,Recommended,527230,31237228,Posted: 19 April,all,Lucario,"Crashes a lot. A LOT. Froze a few times too, but it's only early access. The next update will probably fix this, too. Most likely will be fixed after it's finished.Otherwise, I love it."
76561198194365365,Recommended,527230,30365362,Posted: 6 March,all,OzoneFalcon,"The game is great, I love it, but it has some flaws like it says. My game will stop working alltogether, it wont freeze, it'll just stop whatever action im performing and will just grind. This makes progressing very difficult because i can't save the game, and I have to restart all over again. Plus it needs to have more save files for my friends and I to play. Other than these bugs and the save file shortage, its a great game."
76561198117633505,Recommended,527230,30804035,Posted: 28 March,all,PROCarryOats,"Still Early Access. Maybe I am just bad, but I can't get past like the second quest line... On Easy. Ever.I love most things about the game (music, artwork, concept), it's just that after 10+ hours I cannot figure out how to get anywhere, and I have a graduate degree. Maybe it's a bad degree. Maybe I should have gone on for a PhD. Maybe the devs should balance the rolling a little. Who knows? It's probably me. Good game, though. Colorful. Sweet bard guitar riffs. My wife calls it the ""screaming game"" because everyone screams bloody murder when they get hit. So get that PhD and play it with headphones so your wife doesn't try to divorce you every time you hit a hag with a hammer.Recommended to friends and (importantly) enemies."
76561198024397238,Recommended,527230,32882047,Posted: 27 June,all,Clockhit,Awesome game with very high difficulty
,Recommended,527230,32938387,Posted: 28 June,all,chzbrgla,"Just pure, addictive fun - 100% recommendation"
,Recommended,527230,33021548,Posted: 29 June,all,typicaltim,"Excellent game. My friend and I instantly fell in love with it. There are a few bugs and quirky UI behaviors at the moment, but the core gameplay is so satisfying that I can deal with it until it is patched.Also, the developer(s) have quite the sense of humor. Who would have though that questing for a ""glass bow"" and risking the lives of our party would end in bitter tears of laughter - as the first shot from this miracle damage bow resulted in it shattering into a million pieces and doing ZERO damage. It was *literally* a glass bow. *LITERALLY*."
76561198046687072,Recommended,527230,33076440,Posted: 1 July,all,I Will Break Your Head,Was very sceptical of this game but so suprised with how it actually is. Brilliant game with a wonderful concept
76561198042832536,Recommended,527230,33106444,Posted: 1 July,all,LeCube,I've beaten the game twice nowand have enjoyed it. I plan on playing some more play thrus and cant wait for more content to be added.
76561198121601889,Recommended,527230,33070121,Posted: 30 June,all,Peon,Awesome game.  Great with friends.
,Recommended,527230,33064293,Posted: 30 June,all,jakobw2,"Really fun game, challenging, but if you have friends and are patient its very rewarding."
,Recommended,527230,32998221,Posted: 29 June,all,DEAGLE FOREVER,Buy it so I have more people to die along side.
,Recommended,527230,33022705,Posted: 29 June,all,Halfbakedwedges,"Fantastic game despite being early access.There are quite a few bugs with the online co-op mode but after playing and beating the campaign in single player I was unable to find any issues.The power curve and price jumps were managable in easy mode.Overall I had a great time playing but there were a few things that bothered me.The current way the ""herbs"" and other consumables are used are without confirmation.Too many times have I clicked on a Panax or Godsbeard in attempts to give it to another character and have it consumed.The other small issue I have is the progression of the game is greatly determined by obtaining decent weapons early on.I had a fantastic time so far in single player and hope the online co-op mode resolves its issues."
76561198190824625,Recommended,527230,33019397,Posted: 29 June,all,Fish_Master_Thrice_Pierced,"Honestly, I usually hate turn based games like this, and I don't know why I decided to buy this game, but I don't regret it. This game is so fun, I wish they added a relaxed mode, where you can just explore and don't have to worry about chaos, but it's quite good. It is annoying, however, when you are trying to play multiplayer and you can only find one other person to join your server, so one of you has to play as two characters, and the joy of multiplayer is that you only have to manage one player. If they made it so you didn't always need three characters that would be great. I really like the art style, and the music really suits the game and makes it feel like you're going on a journey. All in all, I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,527230,33099331,Posted: 1 July,all,XiiaoGaoTime,"good game , hope got new job and many many thing"
,Recommended,527230,30677715,Posted: 22 March,all,Elbowblade,Much better than it was. very impressed with development
76561198046085503,Recommended,527230,33203876,Posted: 3 July,all,Bleibtrump,nice game
,Recommended,527230,33333566,Posted: 6 July,all,Micro Man,"“For the King has been in development for over 2 years during which time we’ve had a successful Kickstarter campaign along with an extended closed beta for our backers. This has produced a fun game with a high degree of variety, polish, and stability.""My Experience:I've had the luck to play ""For the King"" together with two of my mates and I can't recommend the game enough.The game is full of content with more unlockable events which can be unlocked by using the games currency ""lore"".This way each playthrough has a lot of variation as it's randomly generated.Runs that are going shoddy can often be put back on track by these random events which can make the game an exciting climb to the final battle with a ton of ups and downs during the playthrough.Bugs / glitches:I see a lot of 2 hour negative reviews which bothers me. I've now played the game for 25 hours and I've only witnessed a handfull of glitches that could easily be removed by closing my match and starting it up again. The most common one being unable to soom out of the map. These glitches have never ruined a playthrough for me or my friends and it's not worth a negative review, that's for certain.Gameplay:You start by picking three classes, ( if co-op assign each player one character ). These classes all have certain stats and skill which can make them all have a certain purpose and role in the game. The large stat difference between the classes help keep each playthrough fresh as you can create your own team with it's strenghts and weaknesses. even though the classes seem to have a pretty set in stone role to fullfil you can still mess around with stats and equipment to play the class as you see fit.Overall:I've enjoyed the game a ton and I feel it's worth the try. If you manage to play this game with friends it's an absolute joy and I can't recommend it enough.Feel free to discuss your opinions and thoughts on the game in the comments. I'll do my best to reply."
76561198136798552,Recommended,527230,33437862,Posted: 10 July,all,Stormspirt,"Pretty good game, hard af if not on easy, good load of fun alone and or with friends, definitly recommend it"
,Recommended,527230,33419838,Posted: 9 July,all,Defect,A really engaging RPG style game best played with 2 or more friends. This was much funner and had more content than I was initially expecting. Highly recommend trying it out.
76561198321025411,Recommended,527230,33457133,Posted: 11 July,all,7thgenss,This is one of the most enjoyable early access experiences out there. I've encountered very few bugs which is also a plus. The developers have addressed most of my gripes with the earlier versions of this title and continue to release regular updates. The game still has a few balancing issues but this is about as good as it gets for an early access title. Keep up the good work!
76561198082984967,Recommended,527230,33599989,Posted: 16 July,all,alexbrett13r,"This game will make you rage, it is unfair, it is unforgiving and brutally tough. But I love every second of it. This is a must buy!"
76561198013684106,Recommended,527230,33609843,Posted: 17 July,all,Orlandu,"Great game, highly recommend it! The aesthetic, the progression, the mechanics, the music, etc. Super fun, feels like a great adventure RPG board game with unique items and complex tactics, but without having to do all the bookkeeping yourself of action points, damage rolls, etc. I played for 13 hours and don't regret it at all.I'm reviewing v1.1.04 and, as it's still in early access, will include some feedback here as I wasn't sure where exactly to do this (this would be helpful to specify/centralize!).Some minor issues:I don't like that Newbie Mode and Normal mode offer the same Lore rewards, as this makes Newbie mode strictly better for farming purposes. Given that almost all Lore payouts (at least early game) are in multiples of 2, that you could just /2 the Newbie rewards?When you're in a ship in town, the non-active player can't sell anything (despite being able to transfer)Ethereal Dagger's stab roll doesn't correctly reduce by 10% like every other item of its type in the game.Auto-ending your turn at 0 movement points can have some bad user experience side effects. For instance, if you're in town browsing for quests, items, etc. at 0 movement points and you hit ESC simply to remove the town pane, it will end that character's turn. In a precise strategy game like this, that's such a waste! You still might want to change items, rest in town, etc. This experience led me to turn the ""auto-end turn"" feature which led me to finding...MY BIGGEST COMPLAINT:A huge (what I consider to be game-breaking) balance error: meditating in town doesn't end the turn inherently (though resting at the Inn does). This, coupled with the fact that you can translate focus points into movement points, essentially means you can very cheaply have semi-infinite/enormous movement (expending your focus points in town to movement, meditate and go from town to town). When you get +Focus point items this can become especially game-breaking the element of ""Oh no, the Chaos timer is ticking"" because with ~8-9 focus points/character I can zoom across the map in a single turn.My recommended solution to the above is to simply make (a) meditation/healing end the turn inherently (not simply passively through the auto-end turn feature). You could also look at (b) capping the number of focus points that can be translated to movement points/turn to 1-2, as semi-infinite mobility makes it so that +Focus point items are super OP. If you're a min/max-er like me, this means you can also exploit: Equip your Focus gear, Meditate, add to movement points, equip your battle gear, etc. etc.I expect there's also a similiar problem to the movement rewards that are only supposed to trigger at the end of your turn (Nice day/Energy boost). If you step forward with your last movement point, you have a chance to trigger this. You then spend a focus point, and try to trigger it again. Solution (a) above, my recommendation, doesn't quite solve this so perhaps an (a) + (b) solution is in order."
76561198175542946,Recommended,527230,33566915,Posted: 15 July,all,Winters Malice,"Super fun little game, hope to see some good progress made throughout early access.The game is challenging but not too challenging and is super rewarding when you play smart. RNG plays a role but its generally  not the worst of RNG as many of us expect these days.Definitely reccomend the game"
76561198096220793,Recommended,527230,33606465,Posted: 17 July,all,EmitRedrum,"My current experience:Started the game: ""Oh... ok. Cool graphics.  Some nice animations and i like the artstyle.  They said rpg, but no 'go kill 3 rats to progress' ordeal. I'm liking this!""2 battles into the game: ""Ok, so my team is close to dying, lets go heal..... I earned barely enough coins to heal my team that is basically crawling on the floor and gasping for air""Restarted: ""Alright! Let's be optional with our encounters in the beginning!"" *10 minutes later* ""Awesome.. my party is seperated by monsters that ended up ambushing them....""Restart #2: ""Ok, let's keep everyone really close together all game. The DM in this game is a total D-Head obviously. Let's fight fire with fire!!!"" *About 2 hours into the game party gets wiped from an equal level dungeon*  ""So....let me get this straight.  There is a dungeon of creatures that you can ONLY hit them if you get a perfect roll, but they 'stun' you so you cant get the perfect roll, thus wrecking your face?  I underestimated how much of a D-Head this DM is.""Despite the little blurp up top, i enjoyed my experience VERY much.  I havent had this much fun in a strategy RPG in a VERY long time. I dont care how hard the game is, even on the most basic setting. The drive of keep coming back to pass the area where you failed last time, but bring different items, or use some of that lore for stronger weapons.  *** TIP: Glass weapons will just make you facepalm.  Dont bother. There are stronger non-breakable weapons out there ***I recommend this game IF you play with friends. That is the only saving grace to keep coming back after gettign your♥♥♥♥♥kicked over and over again, and being able to laugh about it.  If you play alone...you probably will just get overly mad at this game if you're not patient as a monk.Will I say YOU should buy this game?  If you're hesitant at a challenge, then no. Dont bother because this isnt an action rpg; it's a STRATEGY RPG.  If you're into games that will give you a run at your wits, then i would pick it up before the price increases!"
,Recommended,527230,32330050,Posted: 10 June,all,Zorzo,"Excellent stuff,"
76561198089148444,Recommended,527230,30642558,Posted: 20 March,all,Rangor177,85% chance to give this a positive review.... And I missed all 4 dice!
76561198063915147,Recommended,527230,32188843,Posted: 4 June,all,Ginger Gerald,"It's a fun game, a little difficult at times, needs some touches here and there but it's good. The main problem I've had is when playing with friends sometimes the game just freezes and we lose literally hours of progress. So if that could be fixed that'd be great. It'd also be nice if the Help section provided a bit more information about special abilities, and it was also be nice if you could tell what a weapon's attacks actually do before equipping it. Overall, a fun game so far, but a little harsh at times and has some quality of life issues."
,Recommended,527230,32164868,Posted: 3 June,all,Unbrokenxspirit,this game is amazing if you like tabletop style games was exactly what i have been wanting from a game like this!!!!!!!!!have encountered little bugs and none have affected core gameplay well done!!!
,Recommended,527230,31960009,Posted: 25 May,all,Sir Nicos,"A nice adventure.The game is nice, I've bought it with two friends to try, and we like it.The world is nice, the gameplay is keeping you playing.Even if it's run by probabilities, the goal is to play with them to try to survive cause it s not that simple.However, i m here to report some bug on the game, which can make the experience of the game a bit annoying :Some disconnect issues, but it's ok.The first time, we've played quest screen was lock and impossible to close, but now it's ok even if the problem time to time.A bug, about the path way which are inivible, happen very rarely.Also having 2 times an issue about uncapicity of playing because cliking on the map on inventory do not work.Actually since my 10h hours playing, I didn't notice any other bug. I will report it if I encouter some. :)Any case, well played, the game is pleasant even if we have a timer !P.S. Try to work on the hitbox of the ennemies because in some fighting places, it's hard to aim them. ;)I hope it help you !To the others, i hope you will try this game !"
76561198065235976,Recommended,527230,31956632,Posted: 25 May,all,JPerezident,"This game is great. Its very tough and takes a bunch of trial and error, but okay i have one major problem with the game, other than the rolls sometimes, when you complete all the story quests thats it....thats literally it. Please dont just say congrats and send someone back to the menu. There is not enough time in game to go to all the dungeons to collect loot and lore books during the story. Once i finished it I thought to myself, sweet i finally beat it Im going to go beat the dungeons, but no just got sent back to the menu. I clicked resume to see if it would continue my process, nope, it was all gone.Come on you guys the game is amazing, but dont just someone off when they finish a time crunching campaign like this. At least let people explore the whole map."
,Recommended,527230,31738890,Posted: 13 May,all,ross.oreto,"Game difficulty is a tad too high to have fun, but this isn't the main source of the problem.The main issue is having to start completely over each time your party dies, which is going to happen and is expected. So if that's the case why would starting back at square one each and every time be reasonable? Even though the world is random the story line and character progression is still basically the same, so it's very much reliving the same thing each time you die which is going to be a lot.Other than those massive issues, the game is really well done. Seems to be large random world with a lot of potential quests sadly you won't see most of it because you will be running for your life against the clock and starting over constantly.After a lot of time spent with this game and using the lore store to make life easier, easy mode is now playable.What I've found.1. Buy ALL the gods beard early and through out the game.2. Give all the gods beard to someone with a group heal ability.3. Level up your pipes early to at least 24. Use only weapons which your highest ability supports and use only gear which boosts that ability.5. Do not enter dungeons which are at a higher level than your party.6. Do not fight multiple enemies which are higher level than your party.7. Do not let chaos max out early in the game and if you do, teleport immediately to your objective.. You won't survive roaming around in full chaos.8. If you find a weapon that ignores armor snatch it up and use it.9. Shock weapons can be very useful against enemies to avoid taking massive damage from enemies that seemingly always have perfect attacks.10. If you find anything which grants a permant boost to anything use it immediately with the proper character.11. It's a must to build up armor and or evasion while progressing through the game.12. Always check the enemy stats to see how to attack them. If they have high armor, then use magic attacks or armor ignoring weapons, if they have high magic resistance use heavy damage weapons.13. It's almost always best to take out the lower life point enemies first concentrating all attacks on one at a time.14. Area attacks are only effective if you know one of them is going to die.15. Use focus sparingly in battles and use it always if you are shocked. Try to use focus more to sneak, retreat, traps, or do other things on the map.16. Always use camps to heal before using herbs."
,Recommended,527230,30367534,Posted: 6 March,all,Binky Boppin,"This game is great fun, more complex than I thought. Takes planning and execution to get things done in multiplayer!"
76561198052255145,Recommended,527230,30367774,Posted: 6 March,all,headhunter,why is the last boss so hard lol. fun game tho
76561198048696491,Recommended,527230,30364547,Posted: 6 March,all,Paraquatz [Mac],"Thus to be said it looks promissing so far, yet I haven't gotten any chance yet to test out any multiplayer though I feel its enticing a bit to explore the PvP experience. Game is demanding, don't expect to run it onto the outdated hardware. It still has many rough parts like the cramped number of resolutions you can pick up from within, yet its definitely playable and dammit enjoyable. A Yes and a Plus. So far so good..."
76561198276409488,Recommended,527230,31281163,Posted: 21 April,all,Faze Rug,This game is really good if your looking for a good RPG game to play with friends or alone this is the game. The only problem i have with this game is that bosses and other enemies really hard somtimes even on easy. Its good if your trying to pass time because you will be playing this for a long time. If anyone is looking to play and has skype message me on steam.
,Recommended,527230,31285537,Posted: 21 April,all,》R Royce csgolive.com,great game! very impressed. This is too enjoyable. I'm exited to see what a full released version will add to this game.
76561198017281878,Recommended,527230,31310033,Posted: 22 April,all,Rolodecks68,"Great game.  Really fun as single player, and even more fun as multi-player with a few friends.  Very challenging.  A bit slow and clunky at times; would like a more reactive UI.  ie. esc key bringing you back a menu, being able to fast-click through storyline/turnbeginnings.  With the game in early access, though, these are very small gripes for a very fun, challenging, time consuming game."
76561198061955639,Recommended,527230,31284570,Posted: 21 April,all,tinkdin,good game but too easy
,Recommended,527230,31284196,Posted: 21 April,all,Bambino,Missed 4 rolls with 80+ strength weapon breaks and party dies and im still gonna play again
76561198039419034,Recommended,527230,31268420,Posted: 20 April,all,Dylan!,"great game. very addictive, fun art style. only thing i dislike and wish would be changed is turns to complete objectives. i need to farm to be able to do those objectives but im finding myself not having enough time to achive the level i want before the chaos ♥♥♥♥ss me"
76561198124804035,Recommended,527230,31362778,Posted: 25 April,all,yuccath,Really nice
76561197996073834,Recommended,527230,30312120,Posted: 4 March,all,ZacKnight,finally make it to the glittering mines this game is insanily hardhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=564dHSPHaKg
,Recommended,527230,31400325,Posted: 27 April,all,[PopCap] Bravo2,This is the perfect game for anyone who grew up wishing their friends could play FF7 along with them. It's a fun and challenging rogue-like with beautiful visuals and a very engaging combat and push-your-luck system. I'd recommend this to anyone who likes old school RPG's or cooperative board games.
76561198268588908,Recommended,527230,31387190,Posted: 26 April,all,TheHintBox,One of the most addicting games I have played in a while. I havent run into any bugs which is pretty crazy for a game in early access. One thing people complain about is this game is hard but it should be thats part of the game it is sorta like darksouls it isnt meant to easy.
76561197961063074,Recommended,527230,31381072,Posted: 26 April,all,Seerosaur,"Very interesting game that molds lots of different elements together. If you like strategy and challenge, you'll enjoy this game. It's hard, but a blast to play. It has insane replayability with all the randomly generated aspects of the game. I look forward to more classes and/or class customization being added."
76561198092424463,Recommended,527230,31751677,Posted: 14 May,all,ahsoka_tano2408,"it's a really great game and it's really challenging, which also is a reason why it's great, but it laggs like♥♥♥♥♥♥all the time and it's certainly is not from my computer."
76561198079489693,Recommended,527230,31480190,Posted: 30 April,all,Lé NitroX,"So, right now i have 24 Hours in For the King. And with one Friend i finally managed to beat the game on ""Easy"" (Which was hard enough - Death Mark Bow OP) When i first got introduced to this game i didn't want to buy it, because it looked really boring. But i just thought:""F*** it, let's buy and play!"" and - oh boy - i was not disappointed.First off, the game looks very nice and even though it's an Early access game it also works (with some little trouble here and there, but nothing crucial) like a charme.The fights are really exciting and sometimes need tactical thinking. The random events that are going on are a feast for people who love challenges. Depending on your situation, they can either break your neck or help you out immensely.The random dice mechanism though. I have to say it seems kinda off sometimes. It could be my imagination.The Characters and classes are all very fun - IF (and that is a capitalised IF) some gear drops for you. Sometimes the same gear piece drops 3 times in a row even though it's uncommon or rare and can not be used by anyone in your party properly.In the Mid/Endgame the herbs and other crucial stuff are getting IMMENSELY expensive, which isn't neccessarily bad but i think this could be tuned down.Also the damage (and or the luck) of the enemys in the Endgame is for my taste also tuned too high. For example, you are there with a Hunter (He can dodge pretty well) a Blacksmith (Has a crazy amount of armor (If you have the right equip) and a Minstrel which mostly stacks resistance because of the gear.The Hunter and Blacksmith can sometimes barely withstand even 1 single attack so the Minstrel just gets oneshot - in the beginning of the round.So let's get out of the game and into the ""Lore Store"" - While you play and progress in the game you will get those ""Lore Books"" with which you can unlock additional stuff in the game like Classes, weapons, armor, events, travellers and much more to spice up the game everytime you play. The further you progress in the game the more items and stuff will be available in the Lore Store to buy.I don't know if this is only me, this is what i've got so far while playing the game.Nevertheless this game is an absolute Beast. It has Round Based Action, RPG Elements, nice Gear, nice Locations - I thoroughly enjoy everything in this game. I can't wait to see what the future will bring.So should you buy it even though you don't want to? YES - BUT get yourself some friends on your side (Max. 3) to explore and test out the game - seriously do it."
76561198302737181,Recommended,527230,31317163,Posted: 23 April,all,Jaren R.,"a very nice game!Insane Co-op multiplayer, had a lot of fun with 2 mates yesterday we played nearly 8 hours.Its an early Acces game with a stable version which is very playable.I just fish that they will add in the future more different Adventures.but great job anyways!"
,Recommended,527230,31425077,Posted: 28 April,all,Zdm7,please keep updating and allow more options when its not your turn. love the game keep it up.
,Recommended,527230,31457356,Posted: 30 April,all,Zealot Lord,"Only two hours into it, and already love this game! Very intense and super fun! Highly reccommend to anyone who loves rpg and turn based games!"
76561197963297235,Recommended,527230,33754050,Posted: 23 July,all,Graaspurv,Great game! With a lot of new ideas :)
,Recommended,527230,33657238,Posted: 19 July,all,Prince Zuko,"This is a really good game. I like the replay value, but wish there were maybe 1 or 2 other questlines instead of the same repeated ones. The lore is really cool as well, because you can unlock new encounters, heroes, and items. The main problem with this game is with the chaos system. The chaos increases way too fast, probably about once every 7-8 turns, and eventually makes it impossible to explore the world because you have to try and get the chaos down. In the end though I recommend this game."
76561198091223751,Recommended,527230,33116014,Posted: 1 July,all,Lord Skrampton,"Love the graphics, music, sound effects, concept, characters...pretty much everything....except its impossible to win. I understand its a roguelike but there has to be a posibility - no matter how small, to actually win the game.Fail a 96% chance to hit, yes sir! Not just once but twice, in one encounter. Nice. I think the devs should give you a new computer monitors with a purchase of the game because you WILL punch yours out while playing this.In the most recent patch they corrected a lot of issues with the gameplay which I can only applaud but the problem is they made the game even harder. It went from impossible to ridiculous.Still, its one of the only co-op, RPG, turn bases, semi open-world games in existance. Keep working on it please. I've followed this game for while and I want to see more."
,Recommended,527230,33872512,Posted: 28 July,all,Glaciess,"I feel I'm overdue reviewing this game.I bought this game for me and 2 friends on a whim, we had run out of games to play and I looked at this and said ""Hey this looks like some mindless fun, might as well try it."" Oh, how we were fooled by the aesthetics of this game. This game will drive you to the brink of insanity, and before, it was BASICALLY impossible to complete this game on anything but the lowest difficulty, and even that depended on RNG, however, after the recent updates, they have turned this game from a brutal, but fun game into a brutal, insanely fun game. This game will still mess you up sideways sometimes with how much it throws at you, in classic roguelike style, however, it feels alot more fair now, as the chaos system is just 20 million times better, before it was brutal and unfair. Also seperating into chaos and deaths for counters was one of the best decisions they ever made.The developers are very interactive and constantly attending to the needs of this community, we encountered a game breaking bug, posted a report, and the response we got was immense, they replied within a day, figured out the bug within 2, and hotfixed it within the week.If you're looking for a mindless game, this is not for you. This is a full on strategy rougelike game, and I would also say it's much more fun if you get a couple of friends together (Or just one other friend for when they implement the 2 player co-op to be more refined, or 3 for when 4 player comes!)Don't get me wrong, RNG will still play a big part, this game is about 80% strategy and managing your money, moves, time usage and use of the in game focus and level up giving you health back, and about 20% RNG.You will have ups, you will have downs, you will get crit and lose the game, you will dodge that one attack with your 5% dodge rate and win the game with a late game sweep and it will feel glorious.Overall the balance of RNG and strategy feels very well thought out for a rougelike in my honest opinion, although, if you hate RNG with a burning passion, I would give this one a miss.However, saying all this, I believe this game is everything a rougelike strategy should be, and if the Devs continue to improve the game dramatically like they have over the last 2 months, this game will only continue to get better. Fully recommended."
76561198010442430,Recommended,527230,33884753,Posted: 29 July,all,∂яιтιx ✞ 吸血鬼,"Really good game,  so much fun, so much content and so much to do! it's a must buy for all the Strategy lovers!"
76561198126013839,Recommended,527230,33915450,Posted: 30 July,all,cooldanny7788,highly recommended!I really like the art design and the game styleI have so much fun playing this game
,Recommended,527230,33892898,Posted: 29 July,all,N² inlined threads -O3,"Do not be fouled by the cute graphics, this is definitely not a cute game. Get ready to die and retry.Your betters have gone before you, and fallen to the last"
,Recommended,527230,30384042,Posted: 7 March,all,Casualty of Love,"I originally wrote a review for this game upon it's initial early access release. At that time the game was a buggy mess, where percentages didn't seem to be accurate, and the hard cap timer was so short that if you dilly dallied, the world would be consumed by chaos and you would be powerless to stop it, or if you head rushed the objectives, you wouldn't be powerful enough to complete them. Now, I can say that they have fixed all of these issues :D The games new system where the chaos builds steadily instead of a floodgate system works much better, and your ability to counter it by taking quests to reduce chaos makes the player feel like they have an impact on their impending doom. The percentages now seem to be accurate, whereas before you could have 100 in a stat and you could fail all five of your checks, a 100 in one stat will garuntee success except for the more complex abilities. I initially considered this game a write off, that it was a great concept but the Devs were going to run it into the ground with balanacing desisions that were going to require an extremely specific play style, and luck, in order to complete the game. Now I can say that you can use several strategies to achieve victory ( my favorite being stacking a woodcutter or blacksmiths defenses until they cannot be harmed, and having them taunt to absorb all of the damage.) Now my only complaint is the lack of content, and that is going to be remedied with future patches. I would say if you're looking for a new ""main"" game to play for weeks or months, this is not your game. A 4-6 hour play session is all it took to finish the game, and whereas it does have some replay potential, it's not going to absorb endless hours. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to have a  punishing, yet rich and rewarding experience."
,Recommended,527230,33959789,Posted: 1 August,all,rethdakair,A good game for up to 3 players. We have played one session on a couch and it was quite fun.
76561198081793428,Recommended,527230,34909557,Posted: 12 September,all,It's 12 o clock,"This game is VERY fun to play if you are into table top games. The gameplay is fanastic with several roles to choose from each with their own advantage. Each run is different as the maps are generated randomly when you start.There are some bugs, one which I have experienced in particular is getting late in the game and it crashing back to back to the point where we had to start a new game.You should set aside a good amount of time for starting a game because it's a long fun road ahead."
76561198031377132,Recommended,527230,34939318,Posted: 13 September,all,jfurst,"Really enjoyed playing the game.  Was delighted to be able to play as a party with my two sons, as well as play by myself. (I have not played with anyone else.)Enjoyed the graphics and the music.  The different character classes create some interesting parties, although it doesn't seem to affect too much the map dynamcs; mostly the way combat rolls out.  I truly enjoyed exploring the stat affecting items and making characters that worked a bit differently than they may have originally been intended.  Toy hammer and goblin knife are the best weapons ever.The lore store is a great addition, which makes subsequent games a bit different, as new things open up on the map and new characters get unlocked.Unfortunately, this was all on apprentice.  Actually fairly easy to finish, and, with plenty of time to explore, I was consistently overleveled by the time I reached the final battle.  When I moved to journeyman, it was like I was playing a different game.  No time to explore, as chaos will destroy you very quickly.  I pretty much had to take a chaos quest at every village I stopped at and not do anything but those quests and main quests.  Even then, it was hard to keep up with scourages and chaos.  Money was extermely hard to come by, combat was typically my party getting slaughtered and of the three games I've played so far, I've not made it out of the first zone.  Maybe I just haven't found the right party mix.Still, for $15, a very enjoyable game, with enough in it to keep me playing for a while.  Not sure how much longer I can handle getting destroyed on journeyman before I move on... ;-)"
,Recommended,527230,34946809,Posted: 14 September,all,[GORDON],"Really love what I am seeing so far. 5 hours in, just as many new games, but I am learning a lot and its fun"
,Recommended,527230,35001912,Posted: 16 September,all,ℬ𝓁𝑒𝒽,This is pretty nice
,Recommended,527230,31757675,Posted: 14 May,all,M0shPit_✅,In RNGesus We Trust
76561198171112074,Recommended,527230,35013068,Posted: 16 September,all,Ovarian Punch,Awesome game especially with friends. I wish you could have at least 4 player co-op but other than that Im digging it. I hope there's lots more to come!
,Recommended,527230,35042755,Posted: 18 September,all,jasonsteven,"The concept is amazing, I've been looking for games like this for awhile now. It's in early access so you can except that some parts needs working, I think the game should be rebalanced. It's a little hard at first, but once you get the hang of it, you'll probably love the game. I'm playing at the apprentice difficulty at the moment, and I'm chapter 3 and it's going great. It's the DnD style that makes me love this game even more."
76561198083372898,Recommended,527230,34762035,Posted: 5 September,all,Bread,"This game has promise.  I enjoy the art style, the quest and item systems and generally I want to play this game.  There are still mechanics that need to be fixed, though.Chaos is an interesting mechanic that drives the player forward on the quest line, but the Chaos bar goes up way too fast.  Basically it means that you can’t take any quests that aren’t about reducing Chaos.  As soon as Chaos is at full, the game does its best to just kill you off.The other problem is that healing items and healing in general is way too rare.  If my characters have to go back to a town after every encounter, that’s broken.  And yes, there is an item that lets you set up camp, but it just disappears from shops after the first area, leaving higher level characters no way to build camps. That’s pretty weird and seems like a bug.The last point that feels broken, is that there is no way to leave a dungeon after you start it.  That makes sense, but what happens when a too low level party accidentally tries a dungeon and realizes in the first room that they are all going to die?  You have 6 more rooms to go through and you’re already almost dead.  It seems there should be a better option than just letting all your characters die.Overall, this game is going places. It's got some great ideas behind it, but there's a lot of tuning that needs to happen."
,Recommended,527230,34783436,Posted: 6 September,all,Silicon_Dreams,One of the few early access games that actually feels like its on the brink of a full release. Highly highly recommend this~!!!
76561198247759050,Recommended,527230,34759610,Posted: 5 September,all,Control927,It is a fun game for those who love rpg although it gets a little bit difficult if you play single player mode. Best played with friends. Overall I think the game at its current state deserves a positive review from me.
76561198095839041,Recommended,527230,30725955,Posted: 25 March,all,Terrorblade,"pretty good game, looking forward more contents."
76561198122511723,Recommended,527230,34672241,Posted: 1 September,all,peteyb,"Highly recommend this game!  If you enjoy turned based combat and adventure games you'll enjoy this.  There's loot, equipment, leveling, and well... chaos.  I'm not much for words, I just really enjoy this game and wanted to support it with a positive review."
76561197970996522,Recommended,527230,34676462,Posted: 1 September,all,SithGecko,Fun game for a cheap price.
76561198013645162,Recommended,527230,34087503,Posted: 7 August,all,bob48,"Like a lot of other people have said; this is an excellent game. I love the gfx, the gameplay and the mechanics, but....even on the lowest level, its too damn difficult and need some balancing. getting you party wiped out even after seeming to do well soon gets very tiresome.It would be a great pity if this game gets thrown away after a few hours since it really is basically brilliant.Devs - please take note of what we saying :-)"
,Recommended,527230,34077011,Posted: 7 August,all,♡ Oil Pony ♡,"I am SO glad I bought this game! I have only played the tutorial solo mode on easy so far. I will report back once I play online.I love the animation. I love the style of play. No dice. You equip gear, have items items for healing etc. There are shops. A lot of creative events and happenings on the ""board"". Very unique style to me. So far the game has been very fair and fun. Playing on the easy mode is so far the perfect challenge for me. There is a lot to learn, but it isn't so complicated you need to know much to play right away. Easy to learn, hard to master.I look forward to seeing how the game is refined!!!!!"
,Recommended,527230,34086374,Posted: 7 August,all,Homunuculus,"HARD but great game also, very addictive"
,Recommended,527230,34378497,Posted: 20 August,all,MICHAEL PUGNETTI HELLO,fun casual adventure rpgs for friends
76561198254062668,Recommended,527230,34494894,Posted: 25 August,all,Resident Sleeper,cool beans
,Recommended,527230,34648277,Posted: 31 August,all,KelleX,"This game is a lot of fun. It's Early Access but there's plenty of content for the cost. You play as 3 ""regular"" people from a fantasy world, such as a Blacksmith, Scholar, Hunter, and more you can unlock over time. The combat is JRPG-esque, and the over all atmosphere is cool. Highly Recommend this title AS IS, and once it's finished it will be a MUST BUY."
76561198066669748,Recommended,527230,34689115,Posted: 2 September,all,Syncronin,"I don't usually play games like this, but this... this is a great game. I can't wait for more updates. Who would of known I'd like a tabletop RPG/adventure game like this."
,Recommended,527230,34700096,Posted: 2 September,all,BentoLegend,"This game is a lot of fun with 3 seperate people. It's like playing D&D but just not as extremely vast. I highly recommend this game to anyone that loves this style. I put a good 11 hours into 2 seperate games. It's a bit grindy but totally worth it in the end. It is rogue-like and a bit hard, Prepare yourself for battles and stick together when needed.The only thing that this game is lacking is multiple save data's for different friends. I hear they may be working on a solution for this though."
,Recommended,527230,34667467,Posted: 1 September,all,Woody,"One of the best co-op RPGs I've played, with a good amount of strategy and difficulty."
76561198008298415,Recommended,527230,34678630,Posted: 2 September,all,Odin,"Yeah this is in Early Access and needs some serious polish, but I was able to hop in and start having fun.Performer Hats OP, my squad looks like a troupe of jesters with stabby objects.Spoiler Alert: Don't go sailing without anti-Kraken stuff. That guy does NOT play around.Dev's should also do something about prices rising as story missions get accomplished. That's just annoying when you limp back into town after a dungeon and find the Inn charging the HEROS OF THE LAND one and a half times regular price."
76561198049912372,Recommended,527230,34688243,Posted: 2 September,all,h8tm3h4rd,"Easy to pick up but difficult to master. I absolutely love this game. My only gripe is that it’s still pretty hard even on the easiest setting. Your group dies and you start over. The only difference is, you have lore books which unlock certain permanent effects be it weapons, additional characters or events. This game has a lot of thought put into it and you can easily tell! My only gripe is I wish it wasn’t so difficult. If you’re new to rogue type games, you may want to give it a good long chance. You’ll end up liking it. I hope the devs add an ‘exploration mode’ at some point. Anyway, for it being in early access and the price this game is a great buy."
76561197999498341,Recommended,527230,34687182,Posted: 2 September,all,No.3 Mole,"EDIT: I complained about overtaxing computer's graphics in the review - I have been informed now that this is a Mac OS-specific issue, and that the Devs are hard at work trying to gather info about and resolve it. Please do not let that qualm dissuade you from getting this game for Windows if it sounds like something you would like to play.[This user is playing on a late 2015 27-inch iMac, with 32GB of RAM and 4GB of GPU. Experience on Windows OS may vary.]Basically, a traditional turn-based three-member-team RPG with roguelike and exploration elements. It feels straight-forward, but unique; what really sets it apart is that a different human player can take control of each party member for 3-player co-op that has a sort of table-top game vibe.The idea is clever and the gameplay has some very interesting depth and complexity. There are plenty of different items and gear to find, each with their own advantages and disadvantages, that can leave you hunting for the right gear. The board layout, teaming up mechanics, and time progression blend to give players an interesting blend of feeling pressured for time while also wanting to wait and prepare for their next encounter. All in all, the game is very fun and well-thought-out.That said, there are some negatives - some pretty big ones. The more minor and forgiveable end of the spectrum has things like a fairly clunky UI leading to some awkward menu-clicking, and voice-acting for combat grunts and shrieks that ranges from not-great to laughable. On the more major side, the game seems very poorly optimized - enough so that my fans have to crank at full-blast from the first look at the overworld; I can't play for more than about 90 minutes without starting to suffer GPU related crashes (Most likely GPU, at least, since I start getting some weird event-preview image flickering just before it kicks out each time). On a machine that can run most modern games at highest graphic settings at 5k resolution, it's almost impressive that a low-poly turn-based RPG can manage to overtax my hardware, haha!If you can get past the clunky UI and bigger negatives (or if they don't affect your machine), then it's a very neat game, and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys RPGs, Roguelikes, and maybe even 4X games."
76561198044839750,Recommended,527230,34703322,Posted: 2 September,all,N3XG3NH1N1,"Right, straight to what people want to see Pros and ConsPros-Unique and captavating garphics-Challenging but not punishing (sorry dark souls players)-Well Balanced (dungeons offer challenge equal to the rewards, different class contributes in an unique ways to the party, and offer variety)-Risk vs reward gameplay-Rewards playing with ""Lore"" which unlocks additional but not nessesary items and characters-Great fun game for $15.00Cons-Prices in Towns for necessary items like healing herbs can be a bit high-Item drops can be skewed leaving some in your party rocking the same weapon for 5-6 levels (but not game breaking)Other Notes-Music is nice, but after hearing the same background music hours on end can be boring-Short for an RPGOver all a fun game that is worth the small ticket price, that rewards players for actually playing the game and not demanding they pay for a DLC to get a new character.  There is a small learning curve, but has a nice mix challenges that are achievable while still making you say ""crap..."" every now and again.Overall Rating 9/10"
,Recommended,527230,34703638,Posted: 2 September,all,沢城,"Awesome game :) would recommend it 10/10, hours of fun if you do enjoy turn based games with some friends."
,Recommended,527230,34716033,Posted: 3 September,all,The Otter,"awesome game for early stages, needs more balancing, the ""chaos"" effect is cool, however if it gets to three stacks the game goes from fun to annoying as ♥♥♥♥. hopefully they fix this as its the worst part of the game. there needs to be a few changes in my oppinion,1) dont force a 3 player co-op, have it balance to 1, 2 or 3 players.2) have more chances to find healing items as most classes dont have a heal, or can only use a heal once the whole time you have the weapon3) i think the hit chance is bugged? my friend literally would always only get 1-2 out of 5 hits when his chances were 85+% chance to succeed. you just cant be THAT unlucky. (it took him 5 tries to get evade bonus with only 2 succeeding chances at 75% success rate a roll) - he was using an iron bow-4) the personal buffs only last one round of attacks, so its not even worth using, might as well pump out as much damage as possible5) either make more chances to lower the chaos(quests or event tiles)6) we were set on the easiest setting and monsters were constantly equal or higher level that we were, which isnt a bad thing, however it makes fighting monsters a bit scary when thats what this game wants you to do.7) make the quests repeatable or atleast do more than 1 quest in the town. (there are 4-6 options for quests but you can only do one quest in the town and then the rest go away)this game has a lot of potential and can be so much fun! however its difficulty is very hard. Still i think once the bugs are fixed and more balancing is done to the game it will be fantastic to play with friends!!!!"
,Recommended,527230,34723983,Posted: 3 September,all,Maquell Tortoise,"Dokapon Kingdom, but self-aware of it's genre and replayability. This game is amazing"
76561198122932492,Recommended,527230,35398162,Posted: 1 October,all,Mr2ndAmendment,"♥♥♥ this game so far, even solo. Definitely worth $15. Not being able to customize things like gender for classes is somewhat a bummer, but I forgot about it by an hour in."
,Recommended,527230,35391297,Posted: 1 October,all,Wachter,"I have a lot of fun in this game. The replay value is high. Especially high when you take into account that sometimes, you can get screwed at the start and need to begin all over again. You will never play the exact same campaign. Some things I hate are that you can only have one active game under each mode. If you want to do online co-op (as far as I can tell) you can only resume YOUR game which makes playing to finish with a specific group very difficult. I also want some more customization of the characters/classes. I don't mind the customization now but it doesn't make things too difficult if you can make each role be either genders and for role info, it doesn't take much just replacing the pronouns. (Now, it might be difficult to make the female Hobo). It's a rather simple character interface and it's for that very reason I don't think you should be limited to what we have. Just add in gender and head and tadah, you have built your character the way you wanted.I love the design of everything. I'm jealous that badguys get the cooler music to play when they attack with their lutes. Definitely worth the price. It's great value for the buck."
