user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198156762049,Recommended,527430,34776548,Posted: 6 September,all,Cereb,"Diablo warhammer40k style really sums up the game.Pros-random maps-random loot-large amount of differnt weapon types and skills-acount leveling system is more interseting and indepth then the paragon system of diablo 3-40k astetic-modest amount of unit and map types-Nice models and style that fits the 40k setting-Several meta mechanics-crafting, quest customization, account skill trees, faction reptuationsCons-not really cannon in mechanics, a inquistor by himself gunning down groups of chaos marines, a knight or a Russ tank-skills/abilities are based on gear with only passive stat bonuses and effects comming from ""skill trees""-some setting choices feel shoehorned in and out of place, female tech priests who seem more like vulcans then mechanis-it's a grinding game-would like to see more then chaos (i've only done the first 2 zones (each zone has 5+ area types)-leveling up is very slow due-difficulty of maps is based on gear/item level-Spent at least 6 hours doing missions before i realized you only level up your character level by specific types of missionsTLDRDiablo warhammer 40k in early access, better then what i expected and really looking forward to them completing it. A bit pricy at the moment."
76561198019107211,Recommended,527430,34740961,Posted: 4 September,all,visualbob,"I gotta say.. this is the first 40k game with the 'right' feeling....  from.. yet another long time (since rogue trader) tabletop player...The Early Access hands down beats Space Marine, Dawn of War 3, Dawn of War 2, (Dawn of war 1 was pretty damn good, but way different) and the rest....This is still early access..so Not optimized for fast framerates yet... a breakdown of what I heard on global chat...On board GPU - Laggy - Hardly playable with everything down to low (GTX 870)GTX 1060  gets about 30-45 fps...I have a GTX 1080 running on ultra settings and I am still pushing 60-75 fps... but there is some un-optomized frame stutter.The story isn't there yet... It is essentially [placeholder]... But damn, I look forward to it... and it's an ARPG Which are not known for their stories...The gameplay has brilliant and fresh mechanics like cover... It is coolThe Weapons feel like straight from the wh40k rulebook... along w/movement penalties and special rules...  It is done.. fantastically right...(Side Note:Only drawback, if you are duel wielding plasma pistols, and one overheats, you have to wait till it cooldowns before you can shoot the other one... either that or I am missing something..)Umm what else can I say... I love it... Hope they make a ton of money, and keep adding content forever... this is a 40k (early access) game that has the right feel.. Also comes from the creator of Victor Vran, so experienced game dev company, that runs the company in the right way (good communication w/playerbase, frequent updates, bla bla bla.. they do a good job)...In any case.. if you have a decent rig and love 40k.. buy it now.. it's fun... if you are not a huge 40k fan, it's a good rpg... not quite as fast as d3 or POE,  a little more strategy to it... but Damn Entertaining...If you don't have a distinct Graphics card, or a really old one, you may want to wait till it's optimized...  Then get it...If you hate ARPG's and WH40k, Im not sure why your reading this review lol....I am slightly in love w/ WH40k Inquisitor... Moppit."
76561198051556797,Not Recommended,527430,34873734,Posted: 10 September,all,chonir01,"To start with, I am playing and have no intention of stopping. The only reason for a downvote is b/c steam does not offer a neutral vote.My downvote is simply for people looking for an ARPG to *play* who may be looking at this game in its current state. Dont buy it if thats your position. This game is not a full product and you'll just be dissapointed, write unfair reviews and may never actually play and enjoy the game on release.With that said, if your happy with an ALPHA version which is still being worked on and want to be a part of the development, understand that things can and will change, your progress will be wiped and reset upon release and your still interested, jump on in. Just be aware this game wont be in a fully *playable* state for a few more months.With that disclaimer in place, my opinions on the game so far.I love the premise of the game, the atmosphere is spot on for a 40k game IMO, the visuals are pleasing and updates continue to refine the visuals. Sound is not so good, some of the sounds seem out of place (some weapon sounds are off, again IMO, and I'm hoping theres still work to do in this area. The constant clanking when walking on some maps drives me nuts and could do with toning down some :PThe different weapons are great so far (I'm only level 10 so dont have access to all of them) and each time I think I've found a favorite weapon set up something new comes along and I'm changing things up. Some reviews have lamented melee as being poor in the game, I started as a melee crusader and had no real issues. You have to retreat at times to regroup and regen but over all I've not found melee on a crusader too bad. Melee on an Assassin is, more difficult, but doable. The evade system on the assassin needs work, having seperate keybinds for dodges is cumbersome and unweildey. I tried to bind shift+WASD to dodge, did'ent work ... hoping that gets addressed as it would make the assassin much more intuitive. Apparently function + action keybinds are not recognized by the system as of yet.I noted an appearance tab so have high hopes for colour and armor options in the future, atm armors, although really well modeled and fitting of the setting, get dull pretty quick with no option to colour / modify them to user tastes.Looking foward to more updates to test out and play around on including new classes (Hopefully they will eventually manage 5 or 6 classes to add to replay value) and new weapons, new factions, maps, etc, etc.Gameplay looks slow on streams / youtube etc, in actual play though it does not *feel* as slow as it looks. Most abilitys have very low cooldowns and most cooldowns are skill based (Ie each skill has its own CD) allowing quick action. Your constantly making decisions on which enemys to deal with (AoE the weaker ones or big attakcs on the stonger ones) how to deal with them (Armor bypass weapons or attacks on armored foes, slows while you retreat, etc) while moving away from lobbed grenades and AoE attacks from them and ducking for cover when you can to regain some health/suppression to renew the attack. It makes for fairly dynamic gameplay and I'm really enjoying it.Overall I supported this game because of the developers previous title (Van Helsing) which I played and loved. This is NOT Van Helsing and does NOT play like it at all. Van Helsing is a more *traditional* ARPG which this steers away from. It was the Developers support of the previous title and the evolving story that hooked me, I'm hoping this game goes the same way with future content updates and DLC expansions which will keep me hooked for some time. The star map is expansive and assuming the Dev's can keep the ship on course and eventually fill that space with content and an evolving story I'll be happy for some time. The promise of lots of different mission types and expanding enemy factions to face should keep the game fresh.Overall I have high hopes and have put my money where my mouth is to support this game, /fingers crossed."
76561197980333161,Recommended,527430,34903268,Posted: 12 September,all,Brother PaciFist,"Hello here my review for Warhammer 40.000: Inquisitor MartyrFirst off the game is not released yet, it is in alpha state. For an alpha state it is quite playable. The developers said, that 60%-70% of all features are allready in the game. So now the problems begin. I played the game for like 15 hours, so i have seen enough to build a solid opinion about the game.On the developer's websiteneocore.comthe game is advertised as Open World and Sandbox.https://neocoregames.com/en/games/warhammer-40k-inquisitor-martyrfor the people interested. It is neither Open World or Sandbox.Definition of an Open world game:Open world games are free-roaming, encourage discovery, have hidden secrets in the landscape, as you progress you can access more and more areas, all players are in the same big open world level, there are no loading screens to divide the levels into several instances.Sandbox: You can do what you want to. You can craft things, play your style, the limitations and rules of the encourage player's to find their own playstyles and are not predefined by the game design. E.G for sandbox games Minecraft, Ultima Online, Star Wars Galaxies. You have player homes and can put furniture into them. You can modify the landscape, not a must.War40kIM is not a open world game. You access levels over a text space sector map. There you can access the sector, from there you choose a star system on your level and the you get a picture of the planet or space station you are. You choose a mission and start your game. The missions are all randomly generated simple level structures. Some are open fields with borders you can not leave. The ice desert e.g. Most are just some corridors attached to each other.The level variation is minimal. You have some tile sets now. Gothic space ship, Mushroom forrest, ice desert, Water planet with yellow water, Metal sky platform. That are all the levels i encountered in 15 hours playtime.The monster variation isnt that great too.They are divided in factions:Faction Imperial rebells: So there are imperial gardists soldier, Armored soldiers, Captains Champion, Ogryns Ch., Bullgryns Ch. . Sentinels, AT-ST like walkers, Leman Russ demolisher, eradicator ELITE.Faction Nurgle, Nurglings, Nurgle melee, Nurgle ranged soldier, Nurgle flamethrower, Nurgle grenadelauncher, Sorcerer, Nurge Marines with different weapons, Plaguebearer, Standartbearer, Nurge Ogryns, Nurgle Dreadnaughts, Nurgle.-Apostel.Faction Space Marine Traitor': Cultists, Melee cultists, Cultits with different ranged weapons. Wordbearer Space Marines with different Weapons, Wordbearer Sorcerer, Wordbearer Chaoscybot, Wordbearer Minititan Destroyer.Warning:Edit: Now they are pushing their ingame currency FATE very hard. They even state that you can buy content DLC in the future per ingame currency. That smells like F2P mechanics too me. A full price game with F2P mechanics.Offtopic: The DLC of Van Hellsing another project of the developer's had no free DLC. As owner of the basic version of van hellsing and all the dlcs you had to buy the hd remake version again.  The VanHellsing servers were allso not available all the time during the lifespan of the game. There was a gap of 6 month were the online server and your characters were not available. And after the servers went online, all your characters were deleted. Sorrry guys, we made a failure, but your characters are gone.Is War40kIM a Sandbox game:There is crafting of items for your character. That is not enough for a sandbox game sorry guys. The game is no sandbox.War40kIM is a pure dungeon runner with limited randomly generated levels at this time. If there will be handcrafted story levels with interesting things to do in the future i can not say. We will see.Mission design: Now there are 5 mission types in the game.Kill everythingKill marked targetsDownload DataPurify the shrines, side missionDestroy 3 Warpgates.All missions use these 5 mission types now. That is very limiting. Will hopefully improve in the future.Classes: You have now 2 classes, Assassin and Crusader.Gameplay:You point&click on the map to run somewhere. You point at an enemy to attack them. You have melee weapons and ranged weapons. All weapons have skills on them. A onehand weapon has 2 skills, 1 singletarget 1 area attack mostly, or autofire on ranged weapons. 2hand weapons have 4 skills. You get one utility slot for grenades or force fields that block damage for a short time period. You have an armor skill slot. Each character class has 3 armor types.Crusader: Sentinel with a turret, Assault with a jump pack to travel short distances, and an armor with a rocket launcher that fires a salvo of missiles at targets. The cyclone launcher is buggy now. If you use it with a single hand weapon and a shield it only fires one missile. If you use it with a 2hand weapon it fires the full salvo1Assassin: Stealth suits, Time stopper armor, Holofield generator.Stealth suit gives you invisibility. It does not work now. Monsters see you when you get in range. Even a ranged sniper assassin can not get into range under stealth without being detected. IF you attack the stealth breaks instantly.Time stopper is useful. You get a bubble around the location you fired the skill, in this bubble the enemies are slowed and your attacks do more damage, surprise attack mechanic.Holofields are somewhat usefull. You get 2 hologramms of yourselve that distract the enemy. But mostly the enemies keep shooting me, if i am in the area. The holo fields have no aggro mechanic. The enemy does only shoot them if you are not in the area in my experience.You have a medium large, compared to path of exile, passive skill tree. You have to unlock most skill tree branches by doing heroic deeds, like killing 5000 enemies with heat or taking 1 million damage. All your characters share an account level. By doing normal missions you get account points. These level your account. For each level you get one skill point. You can put your skill point in your skill tree. The skill tree has amazing skills like 1,5 % more melee damage or 1,5% more ranged damage, or 1% crit or 150 more hp of your 4500 starter hp as crusader.Account levels need a really long time to level. I played for 2 weeks and i am only account level 10 of 200. I hope you like grinding.Your character has a rank. You level rank through rank and tarot missions. Tarot missions cost Fate points. Fate points you get for doing heroc deeds, special world missions, like killing 20 elites. You get 5 to 10 fate points per mission. A tarot mission costs 90 to 100 fate points. So you have to do like 10 to 15 normal missions to do one tarot mission.  I hope yxou like grinding.Gameplay variation is low. It plays like your first Action rpg regarding the tactical and deep factors.Movement speed. Putting skill points into the movement skill tree is mandatory. Without putting points there your crusader character in power armor will move like a snail. But hey it is fun to crawl around at snails speed in an ACTION rpg or isnt it?Cover mechanic: You get improved armor and resilience in cover, You regenerate more hp in cover, enemies do far less damage to you in cover. Cover breaks instantly in harder missions.My personal opinion: Cover mechanics are bad. They destroyed the FP-Shooter genre. Who thought it would be creative or even remotely good to put cover mechanics into the action rpg genre. IT IS CALLED ACTION RPG not Cover Behind Wall RPG  (CBW-Rpg).Text got too long. i do not like scores. I would give the game a 6 /10 in its current state.Disclaimer:This review is based on the current alpha build of the game. I will change the review according to changes in the game. It is based on my experience of the game and my opinion.Thank you for reading, i hope you found my review helpful."
,Not Recommended,527430,34663273,Posted: 1 September,all,Krasshirsch,"Warhammer 40K: Inquisitor - Martyr is not a bad game and has a very high potential of becoming something amazing, it does however suffer from several poor design choices, which will hopefully be changed upon release. Since this is an alpha build there is obviously a fair amount of missing content, bugs and placeholders within the game, which I will not base my opinion on.The game has a great atmosphere, it captures the distopian 40K universe in a very authentic way. Unfortunately that is, for now, the only part of the game I have no gripe with.ControlsThe controls are very quirky. While the basic control scheme is very similar to Diablo, which is great, it misses capturing the fluidity and ease of use that Diablo has.CombatSome actions in this game feel very sluggish. When a melee attack is triggered it takes a couple of milliseconds for the attack animations to spool up before damage is dealt. The entire melee combat experience feels like playing For Honor with a 300ms - 500ms ping. It is not that bad for ranged attacks but playing a melee character feels not that great.Especially horrible is the dodge mechanic for the assassins. Instead of having a vault skill that triggers in the direction of the character, as one would expect, the QWES buttons are used to vault in the four cardinal directions, which means you can't vault in the diagonal. If your escape route is in the southeast, good luck ...CoverIn addition to theShiftkey used to keep the character in place in order to fire, the concept of cover has been introduced. WhenSpaceis pressed next to a designated cover point the character will automatically cover behind it. Often I try to hide behind cover only to notice that the obstacle I have chosen cannot be used as cover since it has not been designated a valid cover location. Other times I try to fire from behind my cover, only to notice that I cant, it is very confusing to me.Game DesignWhile changing control schemes is not that difficult problem, changes to the game design are usually more involved and harder to implement, especially this late in a dev cycle.Character DiversityI have started playing 4 of the 6 characters and they feel pretty much the same. While the subclasses start with different weapon and item sets I don't detect any differences between them whatsover. Apart from the terrible dodge mechanic for the assassins and the looks, there doesn't seem to be much difference at all. All classes have the same skill tree and can equip very similar weapons, thus they play almost identical.SkillsThe skill tree is by far the worst design decision made in this game. Attack skills and focus abilities are gained by equipping items, so what exactly is the skill tree for if you don't get any skills from it? Glad you asked ... it is an elaborate excel spreadsheet, every point spent equates to +1 focus, or +1% damage. In comparison, skills aquired in Diablo allowed you to modify your game style, sometimes slightly, sometimes radically, almost every new skill point was exciting for it allowed for experimentation and discovery of new play styles. This skill system here is the most lackluster system I've seen in ages, you know from the first point spent to the last that your character will essentially play the same, apart from dealing more damage or having more health.Cooldown AbilitiesUnlike many other ARPG's your cooldown abilities are not derived from your class but from your items. Every weapon has four abilties, there are two additional items which give you each a single ability to a grand total of six. That in itself is not a bad thing, however the way it was implemented is questionable. Since you have six slots, you might think you can equip six skills of your choice, can you? No, four of those come from the weapon and you have to take all or none, it doesn't matter if you don't like skill three and four, you'll get them.In essence you only have 3 options to plug in abilities, which is not that much and I fear the game will fall short when it comes to skill variety and possible combinations.ProgressionThis is vey subjective, but I feel for now there is none. Since skills are derived from weapons and the same weapon kind comes with the same skills, there will be no progression as long as you stick to the same weapon kind.Single skill points have little to no impact on the game and since the changes are miniscule you feel no progression here as well. Nobody can tell the difference between +3.5% damage and +4% damage.I will play a little more and amend this review if I stated something invalid or things change, but for now the game feels lackluster and misdesigned, which is sad and surprising, since the developers  have done a fantastic job with the Van Helsing series"
,Recommended,527430,34640823,Posted: 31 August,all,RelicLord,"Bottom Line Up Front: It's fun, it's got enough content to be interesting, and I do recommend it if you like ARPGs.There's a surprising amount of content and graphical polish for the game at this stage. Even with so much labeled ""Work In Progress,"" the game is fun, and deep, and just plain cool. It brings up all the nostalgia of Hellgate London with the ease of play of Diablo 3, without being braindead. Character development looks very, very in depth, though maybe not to a Path of Exile degree.A lot of systems, while obviously incomplete, are really promising here. I'm honestly blown away and expected much less out of the game so far. You can customize missions with Tarot cards for increased difficulty and guaranteed loot, character classes are very open to experimentation. Almost right off the bat I gave my close-combat templar style character a shield and auto-pistol combo, and found out it worked great. It's 'sandbox' classes and gameplay done exactly right and I cannot wait to play it with friends on harder settings.That said, the number one thing that seems to be missing is introductions/story, so be ready to figure out gameplay elements for yourself and have missions where ""Kill all enemies, take their sweet sweet loots"" is all you know.Edit for clarity: I meant the story is missing because the game is still in Alpha. Some of it appeared to be untranslated from another language, so I'm sure it's planned or even partially written already."
76561198013193657,Recommended,527430,34698903,Posted: 2 September,all,fight4anarchy,"So currently 17 hours in, and LOVING EVERY MINUTE OF IT!I got so tired of EA games. We all ready have to buy DLC's etc etc... I tend to just swing towards games that are now Fully launched. But this game... This GEM!!! IS well worth being a guinea pig for! Its amazing, It feels rewarding, they have a proper vision for the game, they have a fleet of succesful games behind them which makes me have confidence that this wont sit in EA or beta for the next however many years (cough cough 7 Days to die).If your an ARPG fan, or more importantly a WARHAMMER:40K Fan, Pick this gem of a game up! Worth every damned cent!FUN FOR THE FUN GOD!!!!"
76561197970687383,Recommended,527430,34759516,Posted: 5 September,all,A Nameless Ghoul,"i was pondering for a while if i could recommend this or not, but the longer i play it the more i enjoy it!chances are pretty big, that if you are looking into reviews for a 40K-game, that you like warhammer 40.000, so that as a given you will most likely enjoy this. the grimdark people want from the universe is there, the violence and unforgiving world are on point.the visuals are more than nice and the game still runs ok, if not brilliantly. i bought worse ""finished"" games ;)the color-palette is of course rather desaturated, but not just grey/brown. the demonic stuff sticks out quite a lot. it is not too varied, which lies in the way the universe is always described. but since you can be planetfall or inside of spacecrafts etc it is not always just the same. some of the environments are desctructable to a certain degree and if you look for it, there are quite a few chances to benefit from that.sound is good, but not amazing. very fitting overall even tho a few lines of voice over are still missing.the missions are fun but, and that is my main gripe with the game: rather repetetive. the whole game seems to be.i would normally say that is a bad thing, but if the gameplay is fun: more of the same good thing can't be bad. but be warned, things obviously won't change much.the biggest problem i have with inquisitor martyr is that they keep advertising it as ""open world sandbox"". huh what? i may have a different understanding of what ""open world"" and ""sandbox"" mean, but this is not it. they are clearly used as buzz words.this is how the main gameplay loop goes:· start in your ship where you can do crafting, shopping, inventory management and leveling etc.· then go to the starmap, look through the available sectors and missions, maybe pick some perks (when doing investigations) and then jump into said mission.· play the mission untill you reach the objectives (sometimes you may keep playing to make sure you pick up everything or kill every traitor etc if that should not be part of the victory conditions.) the maps are fairly big and it will take you a while. be warned most of the time you are not allowed to die more than a few times before the mission fails.while playing the pace is most of the time rather slow and there is not too much emphasize on the A in ARPG honestly.· recieve rewards and go back to your ship· start overthis is NEITHER OPEN WORLD NOR SANDBOX if you ask me. it is fun and there is a lot to do, but not what you are lead to believe.maybe i'm just being overly critical. or they will add more. we'll see.tl;dr:cons:- neither open world nor sandbox- rather slow paced for an ARPG- quite repetetive gameplay(- still some placeholders, 'cause early access)pros:+ beautiful grimdark as it should be+ a lot to do, even if it is the same thing over and over, because...+ ...it will never grow old to blast heretics into bits, chop off limbs or explode dreadnoughts+ nice progression (account progression, not just the individual chars)+ the game is oozing with atmosphere(+ stable for an early access game)in short the game is halfway between Diablo and Chaos gate. in every aspect: pacing, variety, loot amount, leveling system. i'd say people who enjoyed both of those and are fiending for a good 40K-game: this is it!if that is worth the price they ask for it, is up to you."
,Recommended,527430,34640771,Posted: 31 August,all,Dr Steinman,"Quick take after an hour:It's fun. It's way better than most EA games show up as and, the devs have experience in the genre. It's nowhere near perfect though. Optimization seems pretty rough, UI is obviously alpha quality, and it feels sluggish (to be fair, a lot of this may be the power fantasy that is Warhammer)That said, this is a solid start and I'm excited to see where the devs go from here. This may be the first Early Access game in a while that I don't refund for being absolute garbage nowhere near an acceptable to charge money for point.Good on ya' Neocore. This could be the best 40k game out since Relic and Sega murdered DoW."
,Not Recommended,527430,34674003,Posted: 1 September,all,Eilibex,"<<<<THIS IS NOT A FINAL REVIEW, ELEMENTS OF THIS REVIEW AND THE FINAL RATING WILL CHANGE AS THE GAME DEVELOPS AND EVOLVES (and i play more of it)>>>>(For the fanboys that are downvoting my review simply because its a 'not recommend' ill say it up here too. Its simply because of the price. If it was cheaper id recommend it currently)You ever play those types of games that make you go ""This could end up being something really really amazing, but...""?This is very much so one of those situations.Its so far a fairly standard sort of ARPG in the vein of Diablo-esque games, bringing some additional small elements along with, like using cover, different type of item slots (which all boil down to extra rings/gem slots basically), and crafting mechanics more pointlessly elongated than a f2p system...Seriously, theres no reason i should have to wait an hour to craft a level 4 item.Everything else however seems to span between decent and competent, with a few things being small negatives.+Graphics arent bad, arent amazing though either.+Cover is destructible in a dynamic fashion. Bullets tear small holes where they hit, while explosives do more over a larger area.+Solid concept and skill elements, plenty of stats to micromanage and min/max.+Decent variety of weapons, equipment and skills.+In the 1.4 hours ive played, i didnt encounter pretty much any bugs.-Combat feels clunky, and tedious at best. (when dropping in and out of cover there is a point where you cant do stuff you should be able to. Ive shot when leaving cover so many times despite being fully standing at the time)-Melee combat is a bit too slow and vulnerable.-Cover feels nearly pointless for the player at times. (so many times i get shot straight through cover while hitting the cover of enemies that are like twice the height of the cover theyre on)-Small balance issues.---Crafting is just pointlessly drawn out. It could be a base for a more complex crafting system later on, but right now it just feels like three steps back.TL:DR its a decent game, but its Early Access, and one of the games that is a true example of the risks of buying Early Access games. Under any other circumstance, id recommend the game, but 50 bucks is a LOT of money for how barebones the game is right now."
,Recommended,527430,35186998,Posted: 24 September,all,Dysprosius,"If you are a WH 40K fan, and enjoy games like Path of Exile and Diablo looters, this is the game you've been waiting for.Writing a review for a game that is in early access is strange, since you cannot really review it fully. But based on the quality of gameplay, thoroughness of the development team in thinking through play mechanics and adherence to the lore. This is finally the title (outside of Space Marine, Total Warhammer and Vermintide) that you've been waiting for.I can already tell this game will cost me countless hours online, future dates / events, and in general going outside.10/10 Just as planned."
76561197964063891,Recommended,527430,34654127,Posted: 1 September,all,Javas 40K,"The alpha is really stable and theres already enough content for 100+ hours of gameplay. Instead of rushing and spamming health potions you have to play tactical and only use your limited amount of potions when necessary which creates a unique feeling to A-RPG combat.The developers did a solid job capturing the feeling of the 40K universe! The price tag might seem high for an alpha but trust me, its worth every single penny"
76561198087500533,Recommended,527430,34766293,Posted: 5 September,all,The_Guy,"♥♥♥♥♥in Game-Constant updates from the dev team.-Very well optimized for an EA (playing on laptop).-Awsome 40k atmosphere.-""Diabloesque""--- Just really remineds me of Diablo 1, but more badass (and updated, obviously).Some issues (as expected with EA titles).-Multiplayer has some matchmaking problems.-Have had weekly reward disapear, then reapear, then disapear (not a huge deal).Overall One of the cleanest, most complete EA titles I've ever seen. A must have for any arpg/diablo(old-school)/40k fan! Can't wait to see what the team has in store."
,Recommended,527430,34693617,Posted: 2 September,all,Ma5kot,The best hack and slash game in 40k univers up to date.  Great visuals nice soud. So if you want to comit to the glorious work of our beloved God Emperor support this game. And let the heretics and filthy Xenos feel his jut wrath.This message was broth to you by imperial inquisition
76561197991865526,Recommended,527430,34704631,Posted: 3 September,all,SteelRain,"""Life is the Emperor's currency, spend it well."""
,Recommended,527430,34646952,Posted: 31 August,all,Kondor,"It's an early access game, there are still bugs and server lags.It's a lot of fun anyway.It feels like Diablo, but could be much better in the future than Diablo..."
,Recommended,527430,34721848,Posted: 3 September,all,Valnak,"Very alpha with all the problems that implies. It's 40k and has a wonderful 40k atmosphere.Recommendation: If you like 40k get it, if you want polish wait."
,Recommended,527430,34677431,Posted: 1 September,all,"Magic ""The Don"" donutman","Alot of good foundation work for a this early access game. While there are some portions of this game that are EXTREMELY rough I can say that me and a friend are having fun with it. While I can't necessary stand behind the price they are charging at the point in this games development, I can at least say that it has a strong futrue if they keep expanding on what is already here."
,Recommended,527430,34643029,Posted: 31 August,all,PermaVirgin,A slightly slower game in comparison with other ARPGS such as Diablo or Grim Dawn but often requires a more tactical approach. Movement still feels a bit clunky and the performance is obviously not optimized yet but it runs decently enough to have fun with.
76561197987759049,Recommended,527430,35099236,Posted: 21 September,all,Uriel Simmons,"Inquisitor Martyr still needs a good and fair amounth of work, but with every patch the optimization gets better.In my opinion, this is the first game after years, that takes the right path in 40k.Somewhere between Diablo and some top-down shooter the controls felt familiar pretty fast.Its still limited to basically 1-4 keys and 2 mouse buttons, so the game can be played with a total of 6 Buttons ... that also allow combo attacks (with no visible bonuses yet) and i would like to see some more possibilities in the futureThe huge love to certain details in this game really does enhance the atmosphere of 40k. Whoever did design those textures and details surely knows, what he/she is doing, especially for a 40k game.Its not just the details like runes on the armor or some gothic pillars. Its the demonic infestations, its the lightning, its the freaking bloodsplatter everywhere, the animations ... everything.If you shoot an enemy with a lasgun he burns, shoot him with plasma he melts, shoot him with a bolter ... you know. ;)Simple, but important stuff.Idk if there is coming more RPG stuff maybe, but the potential is not bad, and the path is rightous.So, you don't feel like Eisenhorn or Draco, if you did read the books. Its more the constant assault on heretic strongholds. Purist Inquisitor life ... you do not infiltrate, assassinate or investigate - you purge the heretics ..."
76561198024677183,Recommended,527430,34707856,Posted: 3 September,all,Orakel,"This pre pre Alpha is aready close to be worth 45 bucks so yeah the game is clearly taking the good path to  be a GOTY 2K18 probably the game all the W40 adicts are waiting for..The gameplay is already fine,  i tried out ( with my crusader heavy weapon ) the chainsaw 1h and gun, the 2h riffle, plasma, 2 plasma gun, 1 plasma 1 shotgun.. 1 chainsaw 1 shield..  all the different mechanics seems to be clean, the melee is still enjoyable when you are on a planet that you want to literraly purge... so yeah, but indeed you lost a bit the mechanic of "" hide and shot "" that's why they put the weapon swaping in game, you can just tab and take you gu, hide behind a baril ( wich is gona explode really soon  trust me my friends ) shot some of these trash zergs♥♥♥♥♥♥and get back at your chaisaw continue your killing streak.The crafting system is a bit confusing, because it's damn hudge ! But well when you focus on it 1h  you get it, it's ok, not totaly unlock at the moment, but still enough right now..There is a lot of other mechanics i can't talk here because i think this is turning into a written book. Fusions, Tarots cards, coop mission ( wich is very cool, was'nt working the 1st day, but fine the 2nd day ) PvP looks like a little complicated for me, because too many things to do during the 2v2 ( i just see 2v2 atm ) but i'd like to get more of this in order to understand what am i doing :)So yeah if you wan't it right now you can go for it, for sure the game takes the good way, i assume that we will suffer from some wipes.. so if you really wan't to invest yourself that much, wait for the last phase ( wich is probably gona be arround demceber )So put this game in your wishlist and take it when you feel the right moment, you won't regret i guess !"
76561197961419182,Recommended,527430,34734104,Posted: 4 September,all,Klokholm,"Fantastic Alpha, purging the unclean in the name of the emperor never felt better!  Easily worth 44 bucks bring a friend.  Needs a little more optimization in terms of performance but nothing game breaking.  Atmosphere is authentic, sound track is awesome.  Using a chain sword sawing through foes feels great!"
76561198106842656,Recommended,527430,35213019,Posted: 25 September,all,arkiehmaru,"pretty sick makes me feel like im playing a diablo/doom hyrbid, first time playing a warhammer 40k game, dident know how cool it was."
,Recommended,527430,34643791,Posted: 31 August,all,XM1014 GOD,"I saw this game on a livestream and as a 40k fan it looked damn awesome. bought the game instantly even tho it costs alot, but i was not disappointed. sure it lags a bit every once in a while but the game world is detailed very much and the weapons make you feel powerful af. For an Early Access game this is more than polished."
,Recommended,527430,34643151,Posted: 31 August,all,Slettal,"Kind of like Diablo II without the story (yet), but with a Warhammer 40k Setting. (and a central Hub)I can see this becoming a real good game."
76561198006573466,Recommended,527430,34822579,Posted: 8 September,all,Tuscarora,"NOTE:  I have only yet played solo play.This may be the Warhammer game I have been waiting for.  It is Diabloesque but in the Warhammer 40k Universe.  The game is a bit slower tha Diablo, but that allows/forces for more tactical play.  I have yet to play multiplayer, and I dont really understand the point of PVP in this game (unless the introduce other factions... which would be amazing!), but the Crusader class is awesome.  The immersive environment effectively pulls you in and makes you feel like you really are in Warhammer.  The play is fun, entertaining, and... I will mention it again, tactical.  If the developers continue down the path, I see a LOT of time being consumed by this game.Yes, it is alpha, but I havent seen this good of an Alpha since Warframe.  Like Warframe, I see a lot of potential.  I hope to see more classes, quest, itemization, and... factions someday."
,Recommended,527430,35000476,Posted: 16 September,all,LongShout,"Inquisitor Martyr is mature for Early Access but definitely oughta be for a AA-AAA price.   There are still substantial game elements unfinished,  but the more I play,  the more I see and the more I like it.     It is the most 40k fun I've had since the original RTS series.    It's very early to review this,  but even unfinished there is no end in sight  and it's great if you'd rather play 40k than fantasy.Pros:Diablo-like gameplay set in the 40k universe,  casual yet immersiveNice animations and graphics,  definitely catches the feel of 40kProgression and balance seem reasonableInteresting unitsOne shot grunts in hordes (nurgles, cultists, rebels, ...)Intermediate units (sergeants w/ grenade launchers or plasma rifles, ..)Shielded regenerating boss-light units (Chaos Marines, Ogres, guardians ...)Dreadnoughts, Giant chaos mech SOBs, Walkers, Lemon RussHeavy weapon emplacements (bolters, cannons, flamers)Great weapon, armor, and misc item variety with Diablo-like random properties and strengthsTwo nicely differentiated classes (assassin, space marine-like) with a 3rd coming (psyker)Rich character development system with 3 different attributes per class + rich skill treesCan create and advance multiple charactersProgression boost system where blueprints and aspects of advacement cross overOptions to buy weapons, crafting blueprints,  attributes,  item boostsRich crafting system,  in 30 hours I probably have 20-30 different blueprintsTiered crafting and/or loot: common, master crafted, rare, artificer, ...Cant wait to make something artificer...Level-unlocked blueprints and crafted items to dangle that carrot in front of your item greedStrategic layer of some kind,  potentially with multiple systems each with multiple planets each multiple missionsSome mission variety and difficulty variety:  filler,  priority (several chained together), and premiumRelative to the Diablos this feels fresh and interesting because it's 40kI'll take frag grenandes and a chain saw + plasma pistol over the next fireball or lightning bolt any dayI don't do figurines but feels authentic to me.Cons:AA - AAA price for an unfinished gameBack stories / cut scenes largely unfinishedOne of 3 planned character classes unfinishedStill light on mission variety,  particularly terrain variation,  more definitely neededEnemies seem mostly focused on chaos or rebelsSome camera / clipping issuesIt is not a second job and  I do not get paid.For $50 it aint done enough and that will♥♥♥♥♥♥some people off.But I really hope this one maintains momentum and funding,  it's looking great so far and I've barely hit level 4."
,Recommended,527430,34640355,Posted: 31 August,all,MarleVVLL,"A new take on the ARPG genre in a setting which hasn't been explored yet. It's EA, so you should expect the typical (less than idea framerates, distinct lack of polish, and the new player experience is close to non-existant) yet the foundation for their game is apparent. Fun, challenging, and hectic -- exactly what you'd expect from WH 40K."
,Recommended,527430,34731148,Posted: 4 September,all,Dway114,never played a warhammer game or a game like this and i love it.  I have no idea what im doing all i know is to kill everything that moves. i wish there was a discord server for players to group up!
,Recommended,527430,34640255,Posted: 31 August,all,█████████] 99%,"First up, this was the most fun I’ve had playing a game of 40K in a very long time. You can never relive that excitement of when you played your first game of 40K in RPG. All of the changes, that hard reset of 40K, has done a lot to change how the game plays and feels. This game is INCREDIBLE!!! Addictive in all the best ways.Please release any DLCs and I will buy them all."
,Recommended,527430,35391672,Posted: 1 October,all,NarrackUK,"NIce solid ARPG with a slower more methedical pace ( no 100 kill streaks here)GameplayIts no diablo 3, and by that I mean you wont be half asleep as you kill your 1000th mob in the last 5 mins this game can kill you and fast if you bite off more and you can shoot(or stab if your into that)Everything has a nice meaty feal to it from the lasguns to the power swords. Everything hits like you thoink it shouldstandard issue imperial flashlights have good range and acciracy but not much damage.shotguns make you get really close but people just explode when you use one (litrally)Swords have you doing massive damage at massive risk.Camera is a little clunky but nothing too bad.Graphics and art styleThis is 40k alright, the devs clearly know the game, the lore and the themes. Its very accurate to the tabletop game many of us love so much (even if GW is busy trying to murder it) Some area's look a little samey though.On the technical side the textures and effects work well but performance isn't there yet (so if you have a weaker machine near mins specs be aware) As i found my gpu not working all that hard but there still being frame drops so clearly still work to do there.Tested withi7 4790Vega 5616gb RAM1440prunning of an SSDVerdictIf your a 40k fan this is a good 40k game so buy it. If you have no Idea what 40k is there buy this if your into more methodical slow paced games otherwise if you like speed this may not be for you.7/10 Nice and solid (and probably higher closer to relase when its less buggy)"
76561197983476272,Recommended,527430,34643361,Posted: 31 August,all,LlamaOfDoom,"Very happy with this purchase. It's early in development but I can see how this would become a real mainstay in the Arpg (is this even considered action?) market.Extremely unique, cool setup, and great world. Only thing needed is improved multiplayer/lag in the early game. Looking forward to seeing higher levels and the game evolving."
76561198087781279,Recommended,527430,35154683,Posted: 23 September,all,pfcspaz,"My prayers to the God Emperor have been answered. It is better to die for the Emperor, then to live for yourself."
,Recommended,527430,34731279,Posted: 4 September,all,ColonelSiege,Very very good game for an Early Access Alpha. Absolutely stunning the amount of detail in the game. Fun action packed gameplay. Will definitly be playing this for a while! System reqs are a bit steep for me only being able to play on medium but my laptop is also 3 years old so time to upgrade lol!
76561197971407800,Recommended,527430,34724241,Posted: 3 September,all,Fillet,"Yeah, pretty fun. A bit slow paced compared to D3 or PoE, but still pretty juicy. The terrain destruction is very satisfying, and the shower of gibs mobs explode into is too. Looking forward to getting dyes, not super into the default beige yellow color scheme"
76561198005428101,Recommended,527430,35036143,Posted: 17 September,all,FatalEvents,"This game has a bit of a learning curve; however, I would recommend it.  I'm interested to see how the story actually plays out when it's realeased.Some tips:1. You can bind movement to WASD which makes this game play a little bit more like a twin-stick shooter.2. Some skills will cause your character to make some weird pathfinding choices.  If you find you're making weird moves check the skills, if it says disengage the skill makes you move and shoot.3. I know a lot of people say the game is graphically clunky.  I found that when I first booted it up it was really choppy, but it was defaulted to my integrated.  After I switched it to my dedicated graphics card I haven't had a problem running it on the highest graphic settings. (Only played single player, not sure if the online co-op creates its own issues)"
,Recommended,527430,34984322,Posted: 15 September,all,literally a dog,"Probably one of my favorite ARPGs ever. The combat is a lot more simple on the surface than most others, but it is actually quite deep. It's fast paced, but you need to think a bit about how you're going to handle each situation. Running in blindly is a good way to get yourself killed on higher difficulties, and there is no standing back and spamming fireballs (at least not yet, maybe once the Psyker gets added that'll be a thing), you actually have to FIGHT to survive.It's addicting as hell, it's easy to hop in and start killing, and it's got some nifty mechanics. Is it worth 49.99, though? Honestly, probably not, at this point. Maybe once it's worked on and polished it'll get there. There are more than a few bugs, but I have yet to encounter anything really game-breaking.Buy it, or at least keep an eye on it, especially if you're a big WH40K fan."
,Recommended,527430,34742499,Posted: 4 September,all,Flamigant,Diablo in Space!
76561198261364555,Recommended,527430,34962886,Posted: 14 September,all,clc,If you liked Diablo III or Hellgate London then you will like this game.If you also like the 40k universe then you will love this game.Only about 2/3 done as I'm writing this but already a very good game thatgets better with every patch/update.
,Recommended,527430,34749059,Posted: 4 September,all,Axeros Taros,"All power armor comes equipped with a built-in lumen torch so that you can shine light on heretics as you teach them the Imperial truth. The Calagari system is infested with rebel scum and denizens of the warp. Battle-brothers, grab your bolters so that we may bring this sector into compliance.In all seriousness, 40k fans will enjoy this title. I would not recommend it as an introduction for those new to 40k. I think you need to be familiar with the lore to truly appreciate the grim darkness found within and get your moneys worth."
,Recommended,527430,34667618,Posted: 1 September,all,TheLostBoys,I've always wanted a good science fiction Diablo clone. I was very optimistic when I saw that Van Helsing's devs was making this one.And...I...am...not...frustrated.FOR THE EMPEROR!
,Recommended,527430,34784423,Posted: 6 September,all,RagnarokGaming,"great game, and for an alpha nonetheless, i have high expectations! in this writing moment, i have 4.5 hours of gameplay, i enjoyed them so much that it only felt like 0.5 hours, i havn't gotten so far lvl wise, but great game"
,Recommended,527430,34645346,Posted: 31 August,all,Powered by Tears ®,"Honeymoon period of the game, I'm digging it!Persistent ARPG Warhammer game. What's not to like?"
76561198068289622,Recommended,527430,34807412,Posted: 7 September,all,§XilentRage§,"I liked the game and I hope they come out with more classes/sub classes but other than that pretty solid game for being alpha. If you like Diablo123 PoE Titian Quest you will like this game, but dont take my word for it try it out for an hour if you dont like it return it."
76561198014399108,Recommended,527430,34822062,Posted: 8 September,all,Φώφη Γεννηματά,"When this game gets completely fixed and patched up , it will be epic ! Looking foward to being able to customize my player and ,most importantly to me,  to having a more complete single player experience ! Sure, it still needs to cover some ground if it wants to be called a complete product , but for Alpha this is a really nice game ! Spec wise I use  an i7-6700 with 16gb of RAM and a GTX 970 and i am able to run the game at Medium settings with a Low of about 30-35 fps  when a whole swarm of enemies is surrounding me and anywhere from 50-80 fps when there are fewer enemies around ! Now bare in mind that since the game is still on alpha  Nvidia has not released any drivers yet, I am sure that a few driver updates will benefit the game a lot ! So far it has not crushed on me, and i have had an fun time altogether ! Happy I got in at early access, looking foward to more enemies to crush ! Good job Neocore Games , the Inquisition aproves ! Oh and one last thing.... don't let this game fall over and die!!! Please !!!! May the EMPEROR watch over us all!"
76561198012038484,Recommended,527430,35058065,Posted: 18 September,all,Gotoma,"The game is fun especially for Warhammer 40k fans. It is only Alpha and still needs work, but it has potential. I look forward to see what the finish product will be."
76561198047526603,Recommended,527430,34685644,Posted: 2 September,all,l0n3w01f3,"Although it's in Alpha testing for now i am surprised by the amount of content that is being offered.A very stylish Diablo clone set in the Warhammer 40K universe, what's not to love about that.. I would highly recommend buying this game now. :)"
76561198005655834,Recommended,527430,34688687,Posted: 2 September,all,zenmasterchrome,"Ok I am a huge Warhammer 40K fan so probably somewhat biased but from personal experience with EA this game shows a lot of potential.  Surprisingly a lot of content to play with, no major bugs so far, devs are very reposive and active on the forums.  Very excited to see the finished product.Would recommend."
,Recommended,527430,34760757,Posted: 5 September,all,Biden,"I want to start by saying this game visually has a very solid Warhammer feel and I give it a solid positive review (especially for an early access). I had 0 frame rate and/or graphic related issues. Everything in the game seems to be well thought and has a solid amount of depth. You get excited to see upgrade to your weapons and gear as they dont come often, which some may feel thats a positive or negitive. The missions do not provide loot pinatas basically, so minor upgrades feel meanful.The only negative I would give the game in its current state and the reason I ultimately refunded it was due to redundancy. I've purchased quite a few early access and kept about 50% of them. This is really the first one I actually had a hard time refunding.... due only to the fact that the missions and maps feel repetitive. Maps visually look the same and objectives to clear the entire zone are constant. These issues will ultimately but addressed as its an early access but for a 45 dollar price tag I just couldnt enjoy the repetitive grind (and thats saying something because I love POE) I hope this helps any future buyer.PS. In before anyone says ""its an early access bro, what did you expect"".... I know this is an early access and not all content is present in the game."
76561198014784239,Recommended,527430,34679846,Posted: 2 September,all,crim445,Really like the potential this game has. One of the better 40k games out there
76561198035790755,Recommended,527430,34684647,Posted: 2 September,all,[Grubs]Falwell,"Tons of depth, excellent replayability, grimdark as hell. One of the best 40k games to come out in the series."
,Recommended,527430,34655077,Posted: 1 September,all,[G.W.] Sir Hunter,"One of the best, if not THE best Warhammer 40,000 game released in recent years."
,Recommended,527430,34789091,Posted: 6 September,all,Halloween Jack,"I am biased as I have many hours of W40K experience in tabletop, pen and paper rpg and other PC games and this is a great addition to the family.Great graphics,and textures are true to the 'grim dark' future. The engaging game play is amazing even in the Alpha build.The character and account XP is a little strange and I don't have my head fully around it yet but overall I love this title a lot.I can't wait for further updates to missions and more content to come online and I find myself wanting to go back to this again and again."
76561198006962339,Recommended,527430,35236291,Posted: 26 September,all,Kara,"This game is progressing at a good rate, with a dev team that are willing to change things people don't like, and are using Early Access for what it should be used for. It's going to be -Exactly- what I want from a 40k game, with perhaps the exception of being able to play an Astartes or Guardsman.I can't wait till this launches! The Emperor Protects, but carrying a loaded bolter never hurts..."
76561198043341279,Recommended,527430,34676576,Posted: 1 September,all,GHOST MAKER,Being a GW Inquisitor player and still having the minis. I am bias I will state that first.This game is very fun even at its Alpha stage. Is it worth the money? I will leave that up to you.I personally feel that yes it is.Pros +Like Diablo which can be a con as well. Very GrindyGraphics are amazingCover system is a very cool ideaGore is sweet and awesomeFluff and theme overall immersion I feel like I am in the 40k universe.The enemies are very 40kWeapons feel like the way they would work in 40kThe engine they use is amazing localized damage to cover and eneimes is very coolA decent # of starting charactersStar map and systems are greatUnique bossestutorial thank GAWDAll Chat (pro and Con) ** can hideDevs seem to be on top of a lot as well the studio as some decent games out already so proven track record.Cons -$45.00 for Alpha ( I dont mind I will get money out of it)Alpha crashes bugs etcBeing like Diablo the same mission over and over grindyPretty intense on Graphics (which is good imo but canm be a con to others.)All Chat (pro and Con)The Gore is cool but a lil over the top imoMore custom character building etc would be nice (Alpha I know)No option via steam to buy other founder packs.have yet to excute anyone....Lack of current customazionWish there was  Radical or Purtain pathOverall hard 7ish out of 10It is already pretty amazing at this stage and very well laid out. I believe it to be worth the hefty asking price and believe you will enjoy it.
76561198014578748,Recommended,527430,34644312,Posted: 31 August,all,Frog,"Just fantastic, worth every penny. Gameplay is great once you get the hang of how to use the different weapons, Graphics are some of the best i've seen for a 40k title. Runs smoothly on the lower setting but still looks great, don't try to play this on high settings if you dont have the latest hardware. The music in the game really helps with the immersion."
,Recommended,527430,34675825,Posted: 1 September,all,§yc|-|0TiX,"For starters, I am fairly new to the Warhammer 40K universe, apart from the fact that the only game I can relate to in the series is the WH4K: Space Marines, which I of course thoroughly enjoyed.So for what its worth, forgive me if there may be some of you who disagree with my inputs here, or if I may have missed out on certain aspects of the game.Right off the bat, you can tell that this game is very 'Diablo-esqued', there are certainly elements that resemble other games which follow the same kind of flavor:- You are on a ship, somewhat similar to Helldivers, with the following available to you:1. Weapons Store2. Storage Box (Shared amongst other characters under 1 account.)3. Crafting Station4. Multiplayer station5. PVP station6. Star Map (Quests and Missions)- Account based level system.- Destructible environmentsYes, and when I say destructible, I mean nearly every bit of elements in the map is destructible, from the pillars and barrels, to boxes, barricades and explosive canisters.- Environmental Weapon Systems:Turrents appear randomly at enemy positions in the map, of which you can hijack and use to your advantage.- Point n Click movements/attacks (Arrow keys are usable for movement, can be remapped.)- CoverYou can hide before objects for cover? (Interesting concept but makes positioning yourself away from enemy fire less fluid, which often results in your toon standing in the line of fire instead of behind.)- Skill activations via Hotkeys.Note: Current Primary and Secondary attacks are referenced from the kind of weapon you wield. In addition, there are 4 abilities you can use, where the first 3 are based off your class and the 4th ability is based on the Armor you are wearing.- Diverse spec treeUI is abit buggy at the moment, the UI windows are off in positions, resulting in the Tree buttons overlapping each other.- CraftingYou can salvage old gear for materials, however, you would need blueprints which are obtainable from missions.- Currently 2 available classes with 3 sub-specs each (Psyker is not yet release.)- Instanced based missions, its not open world concept, these missions are located on different planets which are consolidated into their 'Star Map' interface.- Gear Drops are rewarded at the end of every mission.- Multiplayer Co-op (A little buggy at the moment for party matching, if you are playing with friends, add them to your friend list first to form a party before moving out.)- PVP ( I haven't had a chance to test this yet...)- Cabals, the equivalent of clans/guilds, which can be created for 100 FATE(a type of currency you earn in-game from objectives.)- Uthor Tarot SystemNo chance to try this yet, but requires currency to activate before going on a mission. From what I have seen, they work like cards with certain effects to enhance the difficulty and gameplay, while being rewarded for better loot.Possible BUGS:- Co-op missions get very laggy, both in FPS and latency, often, my toon rubber-bands back and forth.- Party gets disbanded randomly after missions.- The Co-op party matching gets stuck on  looking for players.- When creating a cabal, attempting to input a description crashes the game.- Hits takes awhile to register while in combat.Conclusion:For its current state for an early access game, I must say that this it has been very much enjoyable albeit the bugs. I haven't had to interact with the Devs so far, but from what I see from the other reviewers, the team is very much responsive to the community should you be in need of any help.As with other reviewers, I will not recommend this game if you are looking for something complete or bug-free, but do note that they are making very good progress with occasional updates being rolled out to address the current problems.If you think you can look pass all its problems and see the game for what it can potentially become, do purchase the game and support the Dev team.As for the price-tag, well... I leave that to you to decide if its well worth the investment.P.S: Feel free to add me in-game : SychotixMy current setup:MOBO: Asus Zenith Extreme x399CPU: AMD Ryzen Threadripper 1950xCooler: Corsair H115iMemory: 64GB (Running in Distributed Mode)GPU: MSI GTX 1080Ti Lightning ZHDD: Samsung EVO 500GB SSDPSU: Coolermaster Platinum 1200WDisplay: Acer Predator x34"
76561198302358665,Recommended,527430,34802898,Posted: 7 September,all,ShadowRage,Enjoying the game quite a lot. it's gory and the distruction looks great. the game needs a lot of balancing but i think we all know these issues will be corrected throughout the games development.
76561198005882997,Recommended,527430,34819076,Posted: 8 September,all,Mephiston. In wildlands beta :-),"Lets see, good game  the melee class is cool but all the kills are the same.. Nothing  looks orsound as sexy as a chainsword ripping someone in half .{ positive review for that alone} Gameplay is pretty standard. At present only 2 type of class Crusader {melee or heavy weapons, an the Sin {sniper is for you girls who dont like blood an guts all over you}. Graphics a bit dated but the gameplay is fun.. If you like warhammer 40k get this game.Pros Chainswords  an more upgraded chainswords to slay the  chaos scum.. 3rd class on the way the headcase {pysker} should be sic.Cons Graphics if you like nice looking games an prefer games to woman not for you.{if you compared this game to a woman might not be the best looking, same could be said for hot looking woman in nightclubs you get them home strip them down only to be disappointed} this game will not have the effect on you.Easy put if you like warhammer 40k it is pretty good there have been some crap ones put out.. So far this is looking good Devs seem on the ball, an the community is helpful an pleasent.. When did you last see that in a game review ???..  out of 10  7.5 for alpha not bad..."
76561198045554484,Recommended,527430,35218672,Posted: 26 September,all,Satai | Cpt. Faggot,"Right now, Feels like i paid for the good idea and in good will for the devs. The game itself is unfinished and you really see it ingame, but I think it turns out to be worth at release."
,Recommended,527430,34677961,Posted: 1 September,all,theNoize,"Ok die hard  40k fans... this is Diablo 1, 2, 3 alll put together with a tuch of P.O.E. , wraped in baccon, and  given the added twist of taking cover and  distructable enviroments,  I only have a little bit of time invested so far, but i must say its a pritty kewl game cant wait to test drive it some more, from what i can tell, this will be the loot and shoot  diablo like  RPG , you always wanted in the 40k world...    loot be with you all have fun!"
,Recommended,527430,34787209,Posted: 6 September,all,Emperor President,"There are many 40k games out there right now. Most of them are simply mediocre; this is not one of those games.This is already a master-crafted piece of grim-dark fantasy.Obviously, as with all alpha games I have many things I'd like to see. In content and in improvements, however this game could stop where it is right now, and still be worth the money they're asking for it.My the God-Emperor of Mankind guide you along your path to purchasing this game. Support good things, and more will come."
,Recommended,527430,34826421,Posted: 8 September,all,Aedilis,"I'm definitely a fan of this concept and look forward to seeing it develop more. The best way to picture the concept of this game is to imagine if Diablo had a continual storyline and was more tactical than wading into hordes of guys.As for buying it in alpha stage? I think if you're willing to jump in the deep end and learn on your own for the most part and are ok with the fact it's a work in progress, then this is for you. If you're on the fence, I'd say wait until beta comes out and then grab a copy.Now, it's time to go kill some Word Bearers."
76561198005928558,Recommended,527430,34962469,Posted: 14 September,all,slaydo,this game is awesome ... sure it has some problems but it's still in it's alpha phase but for the few bugs it/s experiancing atm it's still the absolute best alpha I have ever partisipated in if you love 40K go for it it's a blast
,Recommended,527430,34724223,Posted: 3 September,all,Tusck,"Just started playing but I really like this game.  It's not as fast paced as Diablo 2 or 3, but it feels much more weighty and brutal when you kill.  It's satifying to hear the chainsword cutting into bone and then exploding enemies.  Movement is slow, at least for the crusader, but the sound as you stomp forward into a group of enemies can give you chills.  It's a great experience so far, looking forward to playing more.Graphics are nice, very grim and more impossing then Diablo.  The levels are very linear right now and seem small, but that could be because I'm sill very low level.Very good start, would recommend if you like ARPGs or the Warhammer universe."
,Recommended,527430,34722197,Posted: 3 September,all,vectorbased,"*early access review*LOADS of potential for Warhammer 40k: Inquisitor - MartyrI was never very good at 40k tabletop but still became a huge fan of 40k.  That said, im mostly disappointed with the state of 40k video games with dawn of war 1 and 2 being among my favorites.  What I liked about DoW2 was the action RPG elements, player customization and loot and most of this is present in WH40K: Inquisitor MartyrThe game has a long way to go in terms of  gameplay, art, polish and optimization but what is in the game I already find very enjoyable and im happy to support the development of this Action RPG!!"
76561198018647710,Recommended,527430,34668973,Posted: 1 September,all,the 8 bit man,I have been very impressed so far and hope to see what becomes of this game in the future.A must have for warhammer 40k fans.
,Recommended,527430,35039741,Posted: 17 September,all,Breacher,Currently replacing Diablo 3 with this. Keep it up devs - this game has a lot of potential.
,Recommended,527430,34771343,Posted: 6 September,all,Tails,"Really liking it so far, i will warn anyone coming into this thinking it is like d3 of PoE yes its an arpg but much slower dont go into this thinking you can just button mash and kill everything like in d3 , a much more tactical game reminds me a bit of dawn of war 2."
,Recommended,527430,34685710,Posted: 2 September,all,Kyrook,"I purchased this, with the intentions of returning if I didn't like it. Safe to say that 3 and a half hours later. I love it. The setting is entirely what I imagined the grimdark future of 40k is like. It is very VERY satisfying taking a chainsword to the abdomen of a Traitor. Or just unleashing the Emperor's Holy Flame on the small encroaching Nurgling hoard that comes trotting your way.This is Early Access, so obviously bugs are bound to appear. But I have not seen any major ones. Just simple little ones such as misplaced weapons on the character ect. I feel the Turrets are a little terrible (from personal opinion) as their range is vastly reduced. You can fire at a small area in front of the turret. But if you try aiming, for instance, down a hall. The weapon will refuse to fire.I feel like there could be a better explanation of whether a mission is hard or not. From personal experience and seeing several complaints and/or mentionings of Diffuculty Spikes.All in all, I would recommend this game. If you're a fan of Diablo style games then try this. Even if you're not, and are just a fan of 40k. Still try it. As I have not tried Multiplayer or Co-Op, I can not comment on such things. But as a base, this game has gotten so much right, and will hopefully go on to become a great 40k game. Something we are all needing after the disasterous Dawn of War III failing."
,Recommended,527430,34696150,Posted: 2 September,all,Faxen,"Grandfather Nurgle is #1 and all imperial babies suck eggsThat being said, the game is pretty good for an EA game. The updates are going well, the game is very well ahead for an alpha, and has a lot of potential. Lots of fun, but lots of bugs.The price is also far far too high for what you get, I would say that it is worth $30 max for what it is now."
,Recommended,527430,34768615,Posted: 5 September,all,AoD Zimbabwe Pete,"*Disclaimer*I LOVE ANY AND ALL THINGS WARHAMMERTL;DR at the top so you don't have to deal with too much scrollingThis EA game feels/ plays like a game that is 1 step away from release, even though its still in Alpha state.I would recommend this to anyone who likes a dungeon crawling experience similar to the Diablo series or similar games.It's a damn good game, but if you dont like the idea of making hours of progress just to have it wiped multiple times during the EA phase, WAIT. This game is fantastic as it sits, but i would say wait till it at least goes on sale and/ or goes into beta phase. I bought this on its second day of Early Access, even though I swore to myself i would buy into yet ANOTHER early access game... Too many golden turds out there that are not even close to being finished after YEARS of EA *cough* Rust *cough*I would also like to point out that my blind love for anything Warhammer helped me swallow that bitter pill that was the price tag... $45 on sale for an EA game....--> Now that thats out of the way, lets read my snowflake feelings about this game:I haven't played another EA game that is this finished feeling, within the first 48 hours of its EA life; most EA games take years to get this ""finished"".I'm not saying its a complete game. I'm saying the control and game mechanics are, for what i feel, around the high 90% complete range.The graphics are absolutley stunning, though there is still some texturing work in progress; she looks fantastic on Ultra settings.The sound is top notch. Each gun sound feels like it belongs to the gun its coming from. Swords/ Axes sound awesome when clanging on armor. Explosions sound... explody...There is one galaxy out of ""Hundreds of star systems"" ( quoted from here:https://neocoregames.com/en/games/warhammer-40k-inquisitor-martyr) available to play in in its curent build. The different systems are available to play from the get go, but its best to start off on lower level missions so you can get better Gear Score.Gear Score is the ""level system"" the game has for basing the difficulty of a mission. Out the gate you start in the 80s. Each gun, medal, suit of armor, etc has a GS and the typical MMORPG gear rarity color ladder (white, green, blue, etc). The difference in your GS and the missons GS will give you either negative (lower player GS than the mission base GS) or positive ( higher GS than the mission base GS) bonuses to your damage dealt and damage taken from enemies on that mission [Higher GS than the mission? You do bonus damage and take less, and vice versa]. There is still a base experience level for your account, but your toons level is GS.There are 3 character classes, 2 being available to play in the current state of the game.There are 4 sub classes for each class, basically giving you your starting skills/ loadout. From what I've seen, you can make a toon and build it up to have almost all of the abilities, just there are class specific armors/ weapons so you cant make a stealth assassin who uses Rocket Launchers or a Crusader who dual wields chainswords/ power axes... unfortunatley xDAs of 9/2/17 co-op match-making was not functioning, but you can still play co-op with people; you'll just have to group up with them via spamming in game chat and friends lists.Other than a bit of optimization, the game runs fantastic (I play on ultra) on my semi old-aged AMD hardware (FX 8350), though when the entire room full of explosions start off, even on low settings, I was experiencing some frame rate drops; clearly fixable with optimization i just mentioned it needed.All in all, i have to give it up to the Dev team on this game. They have never made a warhammer game or an ARPG before this. Honestly, I think they nailed it. Can't wait to see what other awesome features they have in store for us.Here is the addy to thier page (again) so you can check out all the features they are promising for this fantastic game:https://neocoregames.com/en/games/warhammer-40k-inquisitor-martyr"
76561197996503804,Recommended,527430,35114976,Posted: 21 September,all,[KC]kcillim,"I did not have high hopes for this game when I purchased it. . . .but with just a few hours into the game, I can say I am fairly impressed and am looking forward to all the dlc and extras you will be putting into this game. By far very impressed with this. Excited for all the updates.Thank you, keep up the awesome work please!!!!"
76561197991821726,Recommended,527430,34686874,Posted: 2 September,all,Ryyse,"For an EA game, the game has more than an acceptable amount of polish.  The potential for depth is there, and, as time moves on, the balance and refinement should make this a really, really, fun game.  If you love the 40k universe, give it a try, as it is one of the stronger 40k efforts in the past few years."
,Not Recommended,527430,34803079,Posted: 7 September,all,Incubus,"I recognise that this is a ALPHA build and there will be lost of changes coming.  Therefore I am reviewing this game as it is right at this moment and will look forward to giving this game a thumbs up .At the moment this game  is a ""Slug or be Slugged"" game.  That is to say in the story (solo) missions you feel that the mobs far too powerful and the only way to succeed is to ""kite"" them around until you can wear them down.In co-op mission the mobs feel weak and insubstancial against 4 players.   This leaves the co-op mission as a race to kill everything and finish.  Risk and reward are important aspects of gaming and I feel this game needs to address the balancing issues.I do look forward to its realising its potential."
,Recommended,527430,34654021,Posted: 1 September,all,Xarades,"That Game is like a Dream...ARPG in Warhammer 40k Franchise? Check.Loot System like Diablo? Check.Craftsystem? Check.Level up and Skill trees? Check.Multiplayer/Coop or if you want you can play alone, yes you need all time Internet connection, because your Character Data , Stats and Archievements were Saved on a Server, menas when you have trouble with your Character or you Lost something, then the Devs can fast help you out with the Data that was Save.I think that Game can kick off Diablo 3 from the Throne. Give it a try guys the Price is worth it in my Eyes and for Early Access i have my fun with it."
76561197999155252,Recommended,527430,34663995,Posted: 1 September,all,JessMWKU,"Fantastic ARPG. Great selection of weapons and skills, varied and interesting mission types, and some unique character development options that fit the theme nicely. Really enjoying this so far."
76561198143489941,Recommended,527430,34665132,Posted: 1 September,all,Downwindstalker,"For those who think its Diablo with Warhammer slapped on - you're wrong. Think of it like DOW2, loot, cover systems, destroyable cover, and RPG elements. Only you control 1 character instead of several squads. It has a long way to go, but its exactly what the trailers show, and if watching them made you smile like they did me you'll surely enjoy yourself. Price may be a bit much though. Right now I would probably put it at a $20-$30 game, but it could be worse, they could have made it $60. In time Im confident it will be well worth the current price."
76561198075517004,Recommended,527430,34675741,Posted: 1 September,all,EngineGamer,Alphas are like marmite you like them or you don't.
76561197998941984,Recommended,527430,34792617,Posted: 7 September,all,Toby Lerone,"One of the best uses of Games Workshop IP I have seen in a long time. Really enjoy the flow of the game, and looks like it has huge potential. If you like Warhammer or you're into Diablo I highly recommend giving this a look."
76561198009003481,Recommended,527430,34796197,Posted: 7 September,all,rithgm,"So far so good. Base combat mechanics are satisfing to say the least. Game has potential to be something new. Should be intresting to everyone, not just Warhammer 40k fans. Keep up the good work."
,Recommended,527430,35316576,Posted: 29 September,all,The Insanity of Man,"The game has a really good base so far, with tons of room for expansion. There are still animation issues like secondary pistols clip sideways through my charachters hand, but I'm sure thatll be resolved soon. I can't wait to see customization, more enemies, and even more creative gameplay!"
,Recommended,527430,34654001,Posted: 1 September,all,Hicks,"TLDR: Warhammer 40k + Diablo = Awesomeness!If you are a W40K fan this game is gonna be an easy sell, all the pieces are here to make this an emersive 40K experience with the right graphics look and lore.But is it any good?Thankfully the answer is YES!I have been watching this game develop for a while now but like most 40k fans I know how hit or (more likely) miss 40k games can be. So a degree of scepticism is expected.But this seems so far to be a really good game. It is early access so there are features missing but so far I have not encountered any bugs.Pros:- Dark and beautiful W40k setting with all the background lore you'd expect- varied character classes in look/base skill sets- fluid controls allowing easy use of moves and switching of weapons on the fly- intense combat- dozens of lore accurate weapon combinations- dozens of armour and talisman upgrades- loot!!- achievements- skill progression- unlocks- co-op!Cons:- Early access 😢 - can't wait for it to be finished- Standard Diablocentric grind- Camera frustrates- Repetative levels/areas- Limited mob types- £30 for EA?Only played a couple of hours so far but have been suitably impressed. The combat is fun and getting new loot retains the same excitement as the Diablo days.W40k setting is epic.If you're a fan then you have probably already bought this game. If not then I still highly recommend it if you have any interest in this genre of game.See you in Game!FOR THE EMPORER!"
76561197972507226,Recommended,527430,34651091,Posted: 31 August,all,-Ghost-,"There's a lot of potential here, I'd say it plays most similarly to the Van Helsing games with a bit of Titan Quest and Diablo thrown in. It's a shame that there's no seamless worldmap, but warping between systems/plantets to change makes works okay.  Map and enemy variety seems fairly high, with a decent amount of weapons and gear, though customization is still limited at the moment. If you're a fan of those games I'd recommend this, but it still feels pretty rough, being an Alpha, so if you can't handle bugs, placeholder textures/models, etc, I'd say wait until the game devs for a bit longer. Also be warned there is no in-game tutorial at the moment, but you can read some basic tutorials in the menu to figure things out. You can also always ask the chat for help.There are some optimization problems, but with a mix of high/medium setting my 970 was able to run the game at a steady 40-70 FPS with fairly heavy action."
,Recommended,527430,34672846,Posted: 1 September,all,Dirty Dan,"Apart from being developed by the kind of team you can actually trust in Early Access, this game is really a blast!It definitely feels like it's not complete, but it's not only well on its way to being a finished product it's also quite stable and fun in the meantime. You can tell this was lovingly made by a 40k fan (Which it is). The aesthetic, sound design, weapon design, all the little details: This is the kind of game 40k fans have wanted but have only been given mobile app crapware games. This game is so far right up there with DoW (Not 3 obviously) and Space Marine for 40k faithfulness..The gameplay itself is very entertaining too: The weapon and destruction effects really spice up tanky shoot-outs. The cover system is excellently done and I found myself using it quite a bit: Though noble crusader that I am, I know that 1 lasgun is diddly but a whole bunch of lasguns is a whole bunch of diddly! So far I've found a pleasing variety of weapons, though I hope to see more (Such as specific patterns of lasguns if possible) once I get some more time in.The only qualms I have are the effective range of weapons is done weird (It's awkward to take alt+fire shots and watch them pang uselessly around heretics and them not react until you're in effective range) animations could be a bit better (Then again, 40k aesthetic lends itself to clunkiness), and it could really use some voice-over (There's some which is really good but it definitely needs that for every character!)But overall it's a blast and I know even in alpha I'll be putting in my money's worth of gameplay, which makes it all the more better that the finished product will undoubtedly be even better. Great game, trustworthy dev team (Look at their track record for yourself), absolutely worth backing and playing!"
,Recommended,527430,34738855,Posted: 4 September,all,Restobear,"6 hours in and so far so good.Highly recommended for fans of both 40k and Diablo/PoE esque ARPGs.Even if its early access stage it plays quite fluidly, although I feel the melee combat could be made a little meatier, that is a minor quibble though.Am excited to see where the games ends up!10/10 would purge the heretics again!"
76561198007067440,Recommended,527430,34804677,Posted: 7 September,all,DaddyBosh101,"6 hrs in I get to level 4. Had three ctd's. Cant use the ingame store, think it might be a bug. I can sell stuff ok just can't buy anything atm. I'm still learning the game though & theres a tutorial, but I just dived right in. I give it a thumbs up. The developer has been listening & theres lots of promised content coming. The artwork ia spot on 40k. Bit pricey. But then I do love warhammer 40k."
76561198038959863,Recommended,527430,35147997,Posted: 23 September,all,terminalwrath,"After only two missions in the game I say: Diablo meets W40K. Well done! The only game universe I really like is W40K. I have 18 W40K games installed and only 5 others. (Although I played about more than 200 different games of all genres but jump & run.Yes, the game is VERY CLUNKY. But: it is fun to play nevertheless. The lack of voice acting is a big plus. The music is good. By the way Diablo II kept the players playing because there was very ATHMOSPHERIC MUSIC (especially in the caverns) and almost NO VOICE ACTING. KEEP IT THAT WAY and players will play on even if it is as many say a lot of grinding, but that is the typical thing in this genre although there are some more and different mechanics to this one like TAROT-MISSIONS and Cover and Supression and Fate as an extra currency and Rank and Account Level.Can't wait for the ""storyline"". And we need Gray Knights AND Death Watch."
76561198006610546,Recommended,527430,34859220,Posted: 10 September,all,Cheekyfeeff,"Simply for me im a fan of 40k so i'd play this anyway, but after some unhappy warhammer outings im looking at you EC i find this early access game very satisfying. The pro's are its being worked on and very clearly not abbandoned and regular updates. They have a plan and the developers have stuck to it well, they also clearly listen to feedback and there are many examples of that.The game play is solid enough although a little rough around the edges, but bear (grrr) in mind that its early access, there isnt a campaign or much voice acting that is coming though plus there isnt a tutorial. But with the tutorial in mind the game is pretty easy to work out unless your more of the quiting type of person plus there is info on youtube that i found in one search. I do think the game needs more mob types, there are a few but more chaos gods please. some of the gun sound effects are not ideal im talking about plasma guns mainly, would like some more mobility here and there too.Overall great start for the game and i have aready seen progress in the short time i have been playing it so i think it's worth the buy. Caution to those like me who dont read stuff and hit the buy button like a wild puppy on dognip there is a charracter wipe coming before release so keep that in mind."
,Recommended,527430,34670836,Posted: 1 September,all,Fergas,Arpg set in the grimdark of 40k whats not to like.Kudos to the devs their very active on the forums unlike some i could mention.Great game looking forward to furture updates. :)
76561198072082032,Recommended,527430,34695146,Posted: 2 September,all,Fru-Fru,"The game is noticeably above average. I did not regret the time, spent in this arpg. Good luck to the devs."
76561197968116408,Recommended,527430,34661628,Posted: 1 September,all,Fishook,"After half an hour, I was ready to refund this game, as I used to more fast paced ARPG's, After the second mission I was conveinced the game has got alot of potential.  I am purely a single player gamer who genrally just plays these games once through the campaign.I got my arsed kicked in the third mission of the dummy campaign due to my power level being too low for the mission, so I have do a bit of grinding (which is unusal for me) I am ready to tackle it again. I will be continue having a blast every few weeks until the main campaign is released.It helps liking the Warhammer 40k setting. I am enjoying the mission structure for short blasts rather than the Diablo style formula."
76561198009896603,Recommended,527430,34746936,Posted: 4 September,all,cozzybear,I LIKE THIS GAME I WISH IT HAD CONTROLLER SUPORT BUT IF NOT ITS STILL GOOD KEEP IT UP FEW FIXES NEEDED LIKE ADDING CONTROLLER SUPORT  MAYBE SOME VOICES  BUT SO FAR SO GOOD KEEP IT UP
,Recommended,527430,34744939,Posted: 4 September,all,Tallowy,"This is it, folks. It's a good 40k game. This is a must-buy for any 40k fan whether you do so in early access or after release.For right now, it's worth bearing in mind that the current alpha state of the game is a bit buggy with some placeholders and incomplete content. However, I have not encountered any major issues as performance is relatively stable for me with only occasional fps drops and the co-op with friends was, surprisingly, not laggy at all. If you are not prepared to encounter issues then I would recommend waiting until the game is further along in development.I'm not really a fan of ARPG's but the gameplay just works. The gameplay is a bit slower and more methodical than one might usually expect from an ARPG but I enjoy the pacing. The sounds are amazing and really bring the weaponry of 40k to life. This might be the most faithful re-creation I've seen yet.This game is a love letter to the 40k universe and its fans. For once I am truly excited for a 40k game to be released."
76561197993666152,Recommended,527430,34924431,Posted: 13 September,all,Toad,Its could be really good dont %^& it up......
76561198018230466,Recommended,527430,34666460,Posted: 1 September,all,stigmatatron,Is already a fun game in early access and shows a lot of potential for the future. Joins the very small club of 40k games that are good.
76561197969339513,Recommended,527430,34733292,Posted: 4 September,all,SimplaSimpan,"Reviewed at Alpha 0.6.1.ARPG in Warhammer 40K setting is really enjoyable.Graphics are currently good, and will probably get better during the process.Only issues at the moment is the lack of structure in quests (mostly go here and kill/collect this, although I havn't tried the Co-op or PVP section yet) and the melee feels a bit slow, but not by any means bad.At the current state I would recommend it for anyone looking for a fresh ARPG or a hardcore Warhammer fan.8/10"
,Recommended,527430,34733375,Posted: 4 September,all,Brambelthorn,"The core game play is absolutley great.  that being said at the time of reviewing (9/4/17) it runs a little rough in single player, and really rough in multiplayer.  There are things that need polish but... this is going to be one hell of a game.  It has tons of gear, iconic bad guys, iconic good(ish) guys, cover system, adn enough ways to kills cultists and guardsmen to keep you busy.If you like ARPGs and don't mind a game thats in development with rough edges try it out, if you like ARPGs and want everything polished add it to your wish list so you don't forget about it."
,Recommended,527430,34729445,Posted: 4 September,all,HCH,"Here is a simple review. It's like you made some pasta, and the sauce you made is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, but the pasta is undercooked. The flavour is fantastic, but the meal's consistency and body is a bit chewy. It has promise, but maybe you should let the pasta cook a bit more before you have a bite."
,Recommended,527430,34668548,Posted: 1 September,all,Mr. Mane,"this game is riddled with alot of bugs and poor physics, however, it still makes me feel like i always want  to continue, the game is quite satisfying to complete missions, and advance onward. currently there isnt much to do from my understanding, however, i see bursts of potential. if i were to ask one thing, thats just fix the physics on corpses and quite making them so slow and ""low framy"". the only other gripe i have is the mapping on the character and pathfinding, it isnt the best, and is frusterating here and there, but its rather easy to work around. now i dont believe this should cost as much as it does, however, as the game grows im sure the price will be correct later on. my final comment is my hopes the game doesnt shut down, and the servers dont shut down, from my understanding you HAVE to be on a server to play, so i hope the team has a plan at least incase they run out of money and know what to do if the server HAS to shut down, which it shouldnt really, fans of a game normally would look for ways to keep it up if they love it enough, so dont forget about the feedback! other then that, no further comments. fun game, could last hours on end, and doesnt feel to repetetive all the time, only here and there. nothin else really. is pretty fun."
,Recommended,527430,34714044,Posted: 3 September,all,Mørgk,"The game is okay for alpha build. Someone says it's too slow, but only if u play as crusader. Assassin is really fast. And it's warhammer. It looks like warhammer and it sounds like it. But anyway it's not open world ARPG like PoE or Grim Dawn, it's more like Warframe. So if u like to grind, u're wellcome."
,Recommended,527430,34783650,Posted: 6 September,all,Ryan,"This game? Its really fun. But it does get rather repentative eventually.They may be random generated. - Though i haven't seen yet any differance so far.Judging by video's everyone has the same maps at start(?). But thats really it.I can imagen the game is more fun with friends, The mechanics are a bit left and right?But i can get past that. End conclusion, its fun c:"
,Recommended,527430,34685400,Posted: 2 September,all,The original slothy bastard,"Everything I'm seeing so far is good. Guns are fun, world designs are cool, enemies can be challenging and look well designed. Environments tear up as the bullets fly and gore spatters the floor when the chainsword starts swingin'! What a fantastic game to purge the heretics in!"
,Recommended,527430,34707859,Posted: 3 September,all,[TB] Byron,"Even in it's early stages of development, I find myself unable to put this game down. If Diablo 2 and Warhammer 40k had a child, this would be it! This is a solid ARPG game, dripping in authenticity and love for Warhammer 40k."
,Recommended,527430,34711607,Posted: 3 September,all,John Wick,"Normally I am skeptical when it comes to purchasing Warhammer titles now days. Not that all the games are that bad, but they usually feel under par. Warhammer 40K: Inquisitor - Martyr is not one of those games.For being in Alpha, the game is pretty solid. You choose the roll of Crusader, Assasin, or Psyker (not yet available). After chooseing your main class, you pick a sub class which will help you determine what kind of equipment you will be looking for on your endless quest for loot... I mean, for the Emperor!There are a couple different mechanics that you don't see in other ARPGs. One of them being the cover system. I think it is pretty neat, but some of the cover does not work as good as it should. When it does work, it is beautiful. When it does not, your character is shooting his/her own cover. Ouch. Assassins, unlike other classes, can also dodge to avoid attacks.I am not sure how much content is available right now. I probably won't spend too much time with this because your progress will end up being wiped at some point. It is not that the game is not fun or interesting, it is just hard to sink time into something that is not complete yet. When the full product is relased, that will be a different story. That being said, so long as updates and tweaking remain constant, I think we may have ourselves a solid ARPG when all is said and done."
,Not Recommended,527430,34749406,Posted: 4 September,all,Salty Marines,"TL;DR - Wait for this game. Only buy Early Access if you REALLY like unplayable barely-20 fps messes.First things first - Right now, as of Sept 4, 2017 - game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ No matter what your system is etc etc. It'll barely do 20 fps, 30 fps tops if you are playing solo.Secondly - the coop experience is garbage. It's laggy to a point of being unenjoyable and unplayable. It honestly feels like everyone is playing on Dial-up connection and the year is 1998.Oh and it is also always-online. Don't know why - their server hardware can barely let people queue up for coop anyway.There's not much to do either. Once you hit Character level 20, you already got all weapons unlocked. And have tried them all. And now suddenly you see that there is no end-game at this point. The relics drop ... almost never. The mission rewards are pathetic. The blue items are worthless because they only come with 2 attributes, and most green items are better than purple. So then all you have left is replaying same boring uninteresting missions for ""account XP"", the second XP bar... except mission rewards are tiny and it's just an endless grind to get a skill point... and all you can spend that skill point is a PASSIVE stat boost. Mininal stat boost mind you.There are a bunch of skill trees - but they are most of all locked away behind hours of grinding, and then some of them are very specific and you need tons upon tons of skill points.And unlike most RPG's with tons of passive skills... you only get 1 skill point per level... one measly ♥♥♥♥ing skill point where you have 100's of passive skills.I know these are growing pains, but I don't want to deceive people that they are getting a good game RIGHT NOW. They are not. It's barely playable.  It's a slow buggy, basically unplayable mess right now with a ton of good ideas mixed with poor execution or unfinished execution.To level your account is endless grind, and what do you get? a +1.5% skill. Passive skill, keep in mind. So this game has no build diversity, no various character traits etc etc. It's all tied to the very few weapons you get. 2 weapons, to be exact.I'd say to anyone who hasnt already bought this, to wait 4 - 5 months for them to maybe fix this heap.This game is basically what Diablo 3 vanilla was at launch. Bunch of broken mechanics, loot that is garbage 99% of the time, unrewarding quests and missions etc etc etcAnd to top it all off, the coop experience is the laggiest broken♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing mess. feels like I'm playing Diablo 1 on dialup again. Not enjoyable in any measure unless you REALLY like 5 fps slide shows where you maybe are kind of doing something.Hopefully it doesn't take these guys 4 years to fix it.Check back in a few months, monitor the patch notes and see what happens. i hope it gets better."
,Recommended,527430,34665977,Posted: 1 September,all,bearsdenred,"Enjoying it, first game in warhammer for arpg fans."
,Recommended,527430,34665579,Posted: 1 September,all,Mooo25,"It is quite good. Graphics are good. Gameplay is good, albeit slower paced than most ARPGs like POE or Diablo. You can move with WASD too. It's like a mix between a twin stick shooter and an ARPG. There is crafting, leveling, tons of loot, MP COOP, MP PVP. 3 Major classes with 3 sub classes per major class. One major class is not yet available, but it will be come November."
,Recommended,527430,34671648,Posted: 1 September,all,Evening Star ✶,"While it is in early access it's very good in my experiance. Personaly i've had no issues playing this game, no performace or server issues. I would recommend this if you know what you're getting into by buying an early access game. The combat is fun and suits 40k well."
,Recommended,527430,34846911,Posted: 9 September,all,SpiritxLife,Really loving this game so far. Definetly scratches that itch for a W40k game. Cant wait to see the finished polished product.
76561198066574214,Recommended,527430,34675613,Posted: 1 September,all,faustsyndrome,"so far with only 3 hours into this game, i really enjoy it, the skills are a little lacking in that they remind me of a blander path of exile, but the game plays well and is rather fun for 2 days in alpha."
,Recommended,527430,34839705,Posted: 9 September,all,Malix,"Not quite there in terms of performance, my i7-2600k is completely tapped out on core 1, which I guess it the crux of the performance.Gameplay is solid. Not the run of the mill ARPG, but a bit more tactical one.Do not expect to rush into a horde and annihilate everyone, no no no. You take enemies in small, manageable chunks and if the need be, pull enemies on front of a turret you just liberated from enemies.I must admit, after first 2 missions I was contemplating on refunding, but I kept on and found a gem in the rough. Yes, the Early Access warning is there for a reason."
,Recommended,527430,34671431,Posted: 1 September,all,Grump De Gromp,"Action Based RPG Done RightThis review is of Early acces state version 0.61 as of September 1st, 2017In my honest opinion this game is fantastic, even for most Early Acces games it's worth play and sure its a bit cluncky and unoptomized and has some frame drops especially with the super gore physics. I personally look past that because as an early access games it's allowed hiccups and small ones that are still playable are fine and understandable to not be optomized for hardware.ProsExcellent Gun play, sword play and the dual leveling system is wiseOnline only means less likley to have cheated items, characters etc. Not impossible but significanlty harderWarhammer 40K done right! The atsmosphere is grim, the gore is wonderful, lore friendly and absoluetely a master piece, and Im not even a fan of the 40K universe Im a fan of the Fantasy and I can see the value in this.Wonderful mission system, very unquie kind of strength of enemy system that is challenging and yet very rewarding if you do take the gamble on a higher combat strength mission than your own combat strengthAblility to just remove chat ;3 also co-op is untried no friends own this yet, but I can see it being a lot of fun.[*} Very Unique 1 of a Kind Mechanics for a Iso-meteric/Over the top Diablo-Like Action Rpg, such as Cover system, suppression etc.CONSKinda Slowmo feel when playing sometimes, bit lower on the frames especially when gore and other effects start filling the screen. Not optomized at all for hardware really, even on low still quite low frames and preformance. Heard a guy with a 1080TI even was having hiccups on it. Not a big deal though since it's EA. It can easily be overlooked since it's still very playable and not game breaking or even frustrating really.Very limited Starting Classes, 2 As of Now shows 3 but is unable to be picked as of yetTutorial is a mess of text lots of reading, not really great but not terrible.The class sub-types chosen at character creation seems well underwelming and kind of pointless since its all just starting gear that can easily be obtained in 1 mission.Kind of expensive for most EA games, understandable if you actually play it and realize it's quite actually fleshed out and I forsee it being Full Release soon unlike many who seem to just stay in EA for ever and doesn't get updated often AKA WOLCEN :LOverall Raiting 8.5/10The game is solid, fun and easy to play. Looks like something a few friends can have a few quick missions and be done. Could become something some people get bored of easily but that comes with the territory of being a Hack and Slash Diablo-Like Action RPG. If you like Warhammer Fantasy or 40K and like Diablo-like Action RPG's then its almost a must have due to the very unique mechanics in the game such as cover system, and the suppression system which foces the player to play more tactically and carefullly pulling small hordes versus huge ones that overhwelm his character which results in some noticable debufs."
76561198059879101,Recommended,527430,34669098,Posted: 1 September,all,TheWalkingTool,So far so good
,Recommended,527430,34644425,Posted: 31 August,all,█▃▃ █▃█ █▃▃,"Get to purge in the emperors name, 10/10 ign"
76561198392111455,Recommended,527430,34678326,Posted: 2 September,all,Danrmart,If your a fan of anything 40K like i am then this is the ultimate kick♥♥♥♥♥game for you. I wont be able to say enough good things so ill just say GET IT!
,Recommended,527430,34800484,Posted: 7 September,all,Catskinner,Still very early access but shows a lot of promise. The game captures the darkness of the 40K universe. My one genuine complaint (given that this is Alpha) is the horrific camera angle... needs fixing ASAP!
76561198006581444,Recommended,527430,34805824,Posted: 7 September,all,Gruper,So far so good.  If you dont like 40k then dont play.  If you have a crappy system dont play during Alpha.Other then that perfect feel so far and the game is exactly what I have been looking for in a long time.System runs smooth and figured out basically what to do pretty fast.  While others are ♥♥♥♥♥ing a moaning abouthow hard it is.  It actually is quite easy if you have a clue.  Anyways I love it.
76561198052742387,Recommended,527430,34716829,Posted: 3 September,all,noinrave,Well it certainly isnt the finished artivle with slightly sluggish response and an annoying world view but man is it fun and immersive glad I pulled the trigger on the purchase a massive thumbs up!!
76561197975751923,Recommended,527430,34735093,Posted: 4 September,all,Henry Swanson,"Highly detailed, highly immersive! A must own for any true fan."
76561198006521653,Recommended,527430,34759452,Posted: 5 September,all,BorderReaper,Has alot of potential! Can't wait to see what its going to be when its all done!  Just be aware that this game is still not finished and if you're expecting a finished game you should wait until next year to pick up the game.  Thumbs up though! The game is moving along splendid!
76561198004707051,Recommended,527430,34943797,Posted: 14 September,all,Cruise,"For a game currently in Alpha, Inquisitor - Martyr is incredibly polished.The game currently lacks some balancing between classes, and the Psyker background has not yet been implemented, but overall, if you enjoy the playstyle of Diablo, and the lore of 40K, then this is a quality game pick.Still a little pricey for an Alpha phase, and characters will be reset once the full release is implemented, but if the early access is anything to go by, this is a top notch game, with few bugs, and great gameplay.I thoroughly recommend."
,Recommended,527430,34945426,Posted: 14 September,all,Silent.Anguish,"Still a long ways to go but this is probably the few times the W40K IP feels treated right.This is also a very different type of ARPG due to the limitations of the W40K lore. If you're expecting Diablo 3, Path of Exile or Grim Dawn type of combat then you will need to reevaluate whether you want to try this or not.Skills are dependent on weapons equipped so in terms of attack variety, it will not be as extensive/flashy as other ARPGs, again due to the limitations of being compliant to W40K lore.Personally I know the combat style is not for everyone but personally I like it. I think the cover mechanics are an interesting spin and if the devs are able to iterate upon build variety a bit more and continue to add depth to its systems this can be the best 40K game made.Currently however, there's a very suprficial skeleton of the main gameplay loop which I find enjoyable for a pre-alpha and looking forward to more. The devs have a discord and are actively communicating with the players which is very encouraging.TLDR:- Long ways to go- Nailed the atmosphere and feel- Responsive devs and communicative on the game's discord server- Combat style may not be for everyone, YMMV- Underlying systems and foundation for the gameplay loop is already ready and relatively solid- 40K IP done right"
,Recommended,527430,34848795,Posted: 9 September,all,Xaian,"(Early Alpha review)I love it, one of my favorite WH40K games to date.Only played for 2 hours and already feel like I'm going to put in a lot of time to this game haha.Might update this review at a later time but atm, it's a 9/10 for me."
76561198023768508,Recommended,527430,34728695,Posted: 3 September,all,[TAW] Grimaldus,"It a real gem in the rough, but the key word here is rough. I think it takes some good steps away from games like Grim Dawn and Diablo so make it feel unique, but the combat right now is static and abit boring. I believe this is due to the game still being unfinished since the combat is actually lot better than say 8 months ago, and they also have made a statment claiming a combat overhaul/finish is due to be patched in by december. so if you want to take the risk with slightly tedious combat i say give it a try, I enjoy it. other wise check back in at the end of the year and see if its better."
,Not Recommended,527430,34910189,Posted: 12 September,all,Stalker The English Dragon,"Do I suggest you buy this game in its current state? No.It's buggy, has poor design choices and needs a lot of work done, pretty standard for early access.Do I suggest you buy this game if you want to support its development, and see it become the game it should be? Not right now.From the 6 hours I've played, there is clearly a vision the developers have that conflicts with what the general player wants - as an ""ARPG"" it's very slow paced and the cover system only adds to the feeling. This doesn't feel like the an ARPG, it's simply too sluggish.To list the problems this game has for me, personally, I'll put them below. Do keep in mind this is early access, so a lot of these can be somewhat blamed on the lack of development.- Meh optimisation- Low variety of loot and weapons/weapon models- Buggy beyond belief even for an EA title, CO-OP is a lag fest (This would be in the EU for me) even with two peers with excellent connections.I really hope the devs steer this game in the right direction because it does show potential, and I want nothing more than a new GOOD 40k game, right now however, I just can't see myself telling another person to buy into it, with more updates I'll likely change this review. For now - I'm sadly going to have to give it the thumbs down."
,Not Recommended,527430,34799278,Posted: 7 September,all,Dr.Larry,"tl;dr: This game shouldn't be in Early Access. It's still very early in it's development to the point it is considered an early pre-alpha build(As in this is the kind of content you show in it's earliest semi-playable form to showcase to a publisher to greenlight the project for funding and further development). Priced at €45-€50 for something so basic right now is not worth your money no matter what reason you have for purchasing it.------I'm sorry but this is nowhere near early access material. It's very early alpha as evident by everything you do when you start the game. Too much needs to be changed, too many place holders, too many performance issues and animation issues. There's simply way too much here that makes it more of a pre-alpha title than it is alpha. Even at that, something this early in development should not be in Early Access.The sound effects are all placeholders(I would hope at least).Animations are very poor and need a massive overhaul.Character animations are lacking and feel very pre-alpha.Command Bridge is just one big mess with blatant placeholders in place(Where there's a big fat ""Placeholder"" in the top left). Your camera clips through walls here especially.Gameplay is pre-alpha. There's nothing else to be said on that, it's pre-alpha gameplay.Everything about it is very early in development. I've read people say this will be releasing in six months. Trust me, this is nowhere near going to be ready in six months. There's not a hope this game will meet anything that resembles a finished product in six short months. You're looking at more than a year's worth of development, probably even two years at this point.On top of that... Releasing something in this state as ""Early Access"" actually slows down development significantly. You've got to push out regular updates, change too much based on user feedback when there's so much that's temporary to begin with, you've also got to worry about handling your community, getting builds ready for the public and address performance and crash issues on many different configurations when, at this early stage of development, you shouldn't be worrying about that.It does not bode well for a game to be in Early Access when there's so much work here to be done, work that covers even the barebones basics. Too much needs to be fleshed out before you introduce it to a paying audience who expect more and put you under obligation to fix things that naturally break in early development.The fact it's out in this very early stage is not a good sign for a game or it's developer. It says to me, as a customer, that there is very little money behind the project and they simply can not afford to wait; they need some cash injection to keep development going. Say what you will about supporting the game and it's developer but it's us who will likely end up with a half finished product being charged at €50.I can not recommend this game in Early Access, it's not fit for Early Access in its current pre-alpha state. Pre-Alpha or Alpha should not be opened to paying customers, least of all in such a mainstream way."
76561198039399209,Recommended,527430,34759511,Posted: 5 September,all,Raserei,"[Early Acces/Alpha Review]This game has MASSIVE potential. It's unlike any other ARPG. Tons of loot variety, tons of progression systems in place... For an early access, it's very playable and enjoyable. I bought into it to support the develoment and look forward to launch sometime in 2018!"
76561198058964904,Not Recommended,527430,34765080,Posted: 5 September,all,Piku,"Promising but wait for full release, runs really poorly, even on new and powerfull hardware, not recommeded at it's current state"
,Recommended,527430,34714926,Posted: 3 September,all,i ♥ kaceytron,"I'm not even a 40k fan or anything, I was just interested in playing an ARPG with big f'in guns and big f'in swords and tons of action, enemies and gore....This game does not dissapoint. It has all of the hallmarks that make for an awesome ARPG, especially considering it is in EA.The developers did not release this game to the public for help with funding the completion of it; they have plenty of funds to complete the game without people purchasing into EA. The reason they released the game was to get feedback from the massively obsessive 40k fanbase; they don't want to muff this up and I can repsect that.All in all well worth the purchase if you're a fan of the universe or a fan of ARPGs. There are lots of complex systems here at work and the devs will continue to take feedback and work out the best way to go about incorporating all of this into the final product."
76561198044591083,Recommended,527430,35324860,Posted: 29 September,all,Skiuros,Great !!
76561197989108866,Recommended,527430,35434377,Posted: 2 October,all,badman2,I have always been number one nerd of warhammer 40k how i wished good games i really loved some of the dwan of war1 but OMG this game has hit the nail right on the head i think it actually deserves respect this game is so much fun and it is so dope if u like the wh40k universe i just cant belive what they have to offer so many with this game so many good thing i got to say 100% badass i love u guys! u are on to somthing great
,Recommended,527430,34943458,Posted: 13 September,all,Cawpikolo,"The game shows a lot of promise from what I have seen. A lot of ARPG elements with a reputation system. You can travel to different parts of the galaxy then parts of a solar cluster, then a solar system, then onto actual planets or space hulks located in that area. The types of missions are currently limited and will hopefully be updated. The loot drop is a little low and I rarely get any good items. This game company has a reputation of creating Rpgs for nearly a decade so we know it will get finished. The only thing we can hope for is that it learned from community critiques of their previous popular ARPG the incredible adventures of van hellsing and create something even better within these next few months before release.This recommend is also for the developers after their recent update promising not to do any microtransactions and showing positive change through community feedback. From their most recent letter it is obvious that they are listening to the very anal PC player base and only aim to please their customers."
76561197974248323,Not Recommended,527430,35460382,Posted: 3 October,all,Pwnface Killington,"It will be a good game, but right now among the myriad of existing issues the Prgoression is just tedious and unjoyable.The cover system doesn't serve much of a purpose yet, and at times lines of sight and what you can shoot at from cover doesn't make much sense.While this game will always be more methodical then say other ARPG's at the moment its straight up clunky. It needs to be smoothed, particularly control responsiveness. The camera controls are particularly wonky at times.It shouldn't suprise you that game this early into devlopment still needs optimizing.I have to assume that the UI is a place holder...it just...it has to be.Some weapons feel really good, Lasguns in particular catch just the right feel. So thats a trend I hope they continue with.As this game is Early Access things can change. But at the moment only buy if you are the utmost dedicated Warhammer ARPG fan. Otherwise I would strongly recommend waiting. The dev's recently posted a big open letter about things their working on, so we'll see where this game stands once they throw a new build up.I would honestly be all in with this game except for how progression veer from super easy to frustratingly difficult. Very rarely does the challenge hit the sweet spot. Plus the only way it seems to get better gear is to takeo n missions you're under geared for...not fun."
76561198045551631,Recommended,527430,34910385,Posted: 12 September,all,Getsum,"I'd have to say, for an Early Access game, this has fnatastic detail for the enviorment, has fantastic potential for the future, although 50 dollars is a bit heafty for an EA game, i can honestly say it is 100% worth it, and i haven't even attempted the PvP aspect of the game.The only really big con i can think of, is the easyness of the mobs, you have to go into a map with +90+% dmg taken to you, and -101% dmg output to make it challenging.  and perhaps have an option to do Co-op missions that level the toon up, other than Tarot missions (missions that give better than average loot, and character xp). the rest of the Co-op missions give account xp, which is fine, because you get skill points with that, but if you want to level with a friend, you need 90 fate each time.All in all, this game is a 8/10 to me, already. and the fact that they have a timeline already set up to what they will be adding, i have high hopes for this game, SO DON'T BREAK MY HEART DEVS!!ps: the ability to trade with people would be fun also, but if not, i'll still love you."
76561198138726420,Not Recommended,527430,34671778,Posted: 1 September,all,LOLUMAD?,"The devs said the game would offer a a variety of game play so that players dont get bored or feel like theyre doing the same thing. Maybe its because this is the early access but so far its go here, kill all enemies, gather all holly relics or kill these bosses. Kinda redundant and has a diablo feel to it. That being said, the game is really beautiful and kinda fun with all the hack and slash. but for $50.00 Im not sure."
,Recommended,527430,34719728,Posted: 3 September,all,Noxion,is gud
76561197991844714,Not Recommended,527430,34675812,Posted: 1 September,all,Rex Smashington,"If you've played Space Hulk: Deathwing you know what to expect from this game.If you judge the book by the cover you'd assume Warhammer + ARPG = easy money.  Just put varied classes and make it an ARPG.  Don't try to reinvent the wheel.Of course.  They beat the horse to death trying to ""innovate"".  So what do we have?  Well frankly a mediocre ARP with a terrible cover system.  They take the cover system so seriously 1/3 of most of the talent trees are dedicated to suppression and suppression resistance.The thing is, cover is gone in the first 10 seconds of any fight.  Therefore your ability to reliably regenerate your suppression meter after being suppressed is gone.  So if you hit 0 prepare for some stimulating gameplay of being chain knocked down infinitely until you're entire health bar is gone.  Innovation!The camera system is sloppy.  Collides with everyting.  You can steer it by holding middle mouse but that is a full time job.  I spend more time moving my camera than my character.  The terrain also has collision issues.  I've fallen through the world reliably.  It doesn't kill you.  You just see your character go through the floor 100 feet down then walk back out of the floor right after.  (Quality!)All the fights feel the same.  Nothing unique in any boss fight.  Unless you consider the boss doing a straight line charge or an AOE volley (get out of the red circle!) unique.  Early 2000's called, they want their boss fight mechanics back.Fanboyism is going to kill the Warhammer series in gaming.  Look at the very positive reviews.  There is a tonnnnnnnn wrong with this game.  Based on past experiences seeing games in this state after having been in founders pack alpha for almost a year prior to coming on Steam EA, it's not ever going to get fixed.  If they can't even get the basics right in a year what are they going to fix now?  And LOL @ $45 price tag for this.Like I said.  Incoming Space Hulk: Deathwing flop.  Devs.  Please prove me wrong.  We need a quality Warhammer game.  Right now, this is far from it.  Save your money."
76561198306864003,Recommended,527430,34760577,Posted: 5 September,all,SicariusTheBastion,great game
,Recommended,527430,34757583,Posted: 5 September,all,Karuma,"Huge potential for a well-crafted wh40k masterpiece. Hopefully the game is not ruined with microtransactions. We could well see a long lifespan, if the developers continue with their current course for this platform.Serious challenger for the Diablo series and Path of Exile. Can't wait until the game is finished."
76561198272082092,Recommended,527430,34747970,Posted: 4 September,all,Bone Brigade,I've played a lot of 40k games and most turned out to be dissapointing. This however isn't and it's only in alpha.Keep up the good work guys!
76561198007225917,Recommended,527430,34802208,Posted: 7 September,all,Lucifer 666,Really nice game cant stop playing keep up the good work :)
,Recommended,527430,34740998,Posted: 4 September,all,The Punisher,"Great game, price is a teensy bit higher than it should be though."
76561198024494331,Recommended,527430,35188793,Posted: 24 September,all,Fluid Everywhere,its great
76561197987100765,Recommended,527430,34958339,Posted: 14 September,all,SHITBENDER,im afraid i have found something very addictive
76561198011470610,Recommended,527430,34849092,Posted: 9 September,all,S-t-ray-Rodrynn Kapten,"Can't wait to see this done! Total War: Warhammer was the Warhammer Fantasy we needed and by the Emperor, when this is done it might very well be the 40K game we have been deserving after all these horrible years."
,Recommended,527430,34880480,Posted: 11 September,all,Androidizen,"So far for E.A game is shaping up really well, it feels like 40k, it sounds like it as well. Missing campaign structure and theirs obviously bugs and placeholder content. But the bones feel solid, it's highly playable and great fun.I play a lot of E.A games you get a feel for when a game is going to work out ok or be a disaster at launch. This one is going to do well they are nailing it."
76561197996959077,Recommended,527430,34849831,Posted: 9 September,all,Gauntghost,"Has all the makings of a good ARPG with all of the lore and gore of WH40k.   Yes it still needs some work,  hopefully the Devs will  flush the game out and give us a glorius path to glory in the name of THE EMPEROR!"
76561198019634184,Recommended,527430,34855032,Posted: 10 September,all,Billy Mayes,Become InquisitorObtain Storm ShieldObtain Power AxePurge HereticsPurge Xeno;sStart a CabalFor The Emperor
,Recommended,527430,34862639,Posted: 10 September,all,Corvax,"Diablo with bolt weapons, let the purge begin."
76561197974822726,Recommended,527430,34698432,Posted: 2 September,all,Turbo -FK-,Pretty far along for an Alpha!
76561198006933124,Recommended,527430,34741088,Posted: 4 September,all,Darkwarsong,"Having played a lot of Action RPG and being a huge fan of Warhammer 40k I am slightly biased. But I must say it does feel like a fairly polished packaged for being in ""Alpha"". There are definitely things missing ie. Animations and the third class. I was crashing on first mission quite a bit. But after I did some video driver updates I have only experienced one crash and in my opinion it's a great experience. You get rewarded for every mission you do. A word of advice is to check the Challenge rating for the missions and try to go with lower numbers at first. Bottom line is if like you like Arpg and think that the Warhammer 40k universe looks cool then this game is for you. EXPECT GROWING PAINS THOUGH, Update your video driver. I'm already enjoying, loving and playing. High Price tag but worth it."
76561197970587838,Recommended,527430,34662522,Posted: 1 September,all,Ph3lan,"The game is still in Early Access and it shows, but so far I am not dissapointed. The 40K feel is there and the game shows a lot of promise. Let's hope that it can live up to the hype."
76561198000158597,Recommended,527430,34866044,Posted: 10 September,all,RandyTrevorBongwater,"Love it. Normally not my type of game. I love 40k to death however. I hope the devs add retinue options.PLAY THE MORDHIEM SOUNDTRACK WILL YOU PURGE HERETICS.Seriously, the soundtrack for that game matches this game perfectly."
,Recommended,527430,34871143,Posted: 10 September,all,Behemacoatyl,"TLDR Review- 8/10 for an Alpha. Very Promising.If you're looking to BUY this game, don't. It's an alpha through and through.As a game it's not worth 50 bucks and it doesn't deserve your narrow minded negative review about how unfinished or sloppy this game is. HOWEVERAs an investment it IS worth 50 bucks. Probably one of the most polished titles I've personally handled through Early Access.The Learning curve is a little steep but lets be honest.. After DoW3 and Eternal Crusade, this is a much needed breath of fresh air for the IP."
,Recommended,527430,34866701,Posted: 10 September,all,AmazingRedneck,"So this game does have some issues as it's in Early Access, but so far it's been really good. Optimisation is well for me, and I have a GTX GeForce 750 1gb. Pretty low end. The game is pretty confusing once you start out, and I still don't have a full grasp of the game (but I didn't play the tutorial so...) but what I know how to do and can do still gives me a fun time. I don't necissarily like the genre of the play style (it's kind of like and mmo such as Elder Scrolls Online and I was expecting something like Kill Team in terms of controls which I think is more fun.) but they pull it off pretty well and the controls don't feel clunky or anything, but a fair warning. For me playing by myself the game is pretty difficult. I guess it's pretty much made for coop but you can still get past the levels by yourself, it'll just be harder."
76561198007316284,Recommended,527430,34867202,Posted: 10 September,all,E-batya,"Still bit buggy / laggy and alphaish but got an odd addictiveness to it, one of best Warhammer Online games i played within last few years. Fingers crossed that EA wont ♥♥♥♥ it up like they did to other Warhammer games"
,Not Recommended,527430,34823398,Posted: 8 September,all,AverageToaster,"Right off the bat you'll find the controlls clunky nonsence, you will spend 90% of your time holding the left shift key to keep your character standing still. Otherwise you'd be constantly doing half turns with your hero letting off shots. It might be one of the few times I think a game would benefit from controller support. Changing up the click to move and click to attack setup and into a twinstick shooter control scheme could make it more approachable. Or else you have WSAD for dodge, with the arrows as move, but number keys as abilities? Without a third hand its hard to fully do all the moves your character is able to do without a whole new remap.Otherwise the lore is there, and the grimdark is there for the setting, the missions are pretty copy and paste with new skins laid over each other. I tried doing the match making co-op and after two times of 15 minute waits and ""co-op starting"" only to be bumped back to my ship I had to give it up. I enjoy looking at the renegade guardsmen, khrone and nurgle units despite the bland look of my own character.The level ups, techtree, and crafting are all pretty well fledged out and intresting enough to be excted about every one.If you're looking for 40k Space Marine this isnt it, but it could be. If you're looking for a point and click RPG, this isnt it either. Check back in a few months or a year and hopefully they have reworked the controlls to be playable but until then its a spammy click fest."
76561198005259209,Recommended,527430,34716981,Posted: 3 September,all,Mpcgamer,Fun game pretty well polished for beta.
76561197967824576,Recommended,527430,34712665,Posted: 3 September,all,niceguysfinishlast,"About time a decent game came out in 2017,.  great game and its only alpha.."
,Recommended,527430,34701552,Posted: 2 September,all,gamerlovo,Would recommend.
76561198141573568,Recommended,527430,34670652,Posted: 1 September,all,KojiOcelot,i love it.
76561198003679089,Recommended,527430,34740867,Posted: 4 September,all,TakeMyShit,I see a lot of potential in this one !
76561198011217617,Recommended,527430,34890556,Posted: 11 September,all,lightquick4u,"It's a great game. has a lots of BUGS, Sound is mess up, game lag a lot."
76561198004080636,Recommended,527430,34893631,Posted: 11 September,all,Allu,"I'm huge fan of isometric ARPG's and I'm huge fan of Warhammer universe. If you like Diablo, PoE, Titan quest type games you'll fall in love with this game straight away. As is it early access things might change but so far its solid piece of work. I like the gameplay a lot. Of course the only concern is the end game which I don't know much about yet (I'm level 7 so far so I have a long way to go)TO ARMS MY BROTHERS!!!PURGE THE HERETICS!!!THE EMPEROR PROTECTS!!!"
76561198036881631,Recommended,527430,34874043,Posted: 10 September,all,ssc Napoli,This game is amazing first time playing I thought not worth 60 Aussie dollars around 20-40 minutes in I was amazed and would pay up to $100 best game ive played in a long time.
,Recommended,527430,34747329,Posted: 4 September,all,Maugres,is fun.
,Not Recommended,527430,34676557,Posted: 1 September,all,Mr.Toad's Wild Ride,"Has potential but currently falls far short of a game worth 50 dollars, the progression system is currently slow and unrewarding, many interesting weapons are locked behind xp walls even if you buy blueprints and make versions of appropriate strength for your level. The ""Power Rating"" system is completely ♥♥♥♥ed and basically cripples you arbitrarily because a number that is NOT your damage,defense, etc is too low so you get -60% damage dealt and +60% damage taken (wish i was joking). The game IS Alpha so theres still time for these issues to be fixed but I certainly wouldn't recommend purchasing it just to see like I have, what content is here will last you long enough to run out your refund time only to soon after reveal that theres nothing else."
76561198024385816,Recommended,527430,34814342,Posted: 8 September,all,Nejdan,"it's ""diablo"" in 40K, what more is it to say."
76561198002793018,Not Recommended,527430,34850373,Posted: 9 September,all,Kodiak,3 OctAlpha Stage 5.0/10- No change to game play...- Game still require Optimization- Game still require fix to skill page transparency- Crafting not appealing- Limited in attack modes9 SeptAlpha Stage 5.8 / 10- Warhammer grinding game- Costy for game value
76561197995813318,Recommended,527430,34882013,Posted: 11 September,all,devin-boyko,"Warhammer 40,000: Inquisitor - Martyr-Now lets all take a look at this 40K game. Now lets remeber what 40k games have been in the last oh - uhhh umm what like ?- 6 years?- maybe? I fully understand that the development team is fighting a up hill battle with this one (No producers give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about gay fake fantasy b.s- they want to know how fast it can be completed and how fast they can make money). But overall this is a early access review and the main question is: Am I happy with my purchase of ""Warhammer 40,000: Inquisitor - Martyr""? The answer: Somewhat. I will tell you why; because I have seen this again and again you stupid ♥♥♥♥ing people think this game like all others is going to be ""really different"" after the ""alpha"" stage is done. Am here to tell the game will be unstable as ♥♥♥♥ and most likely the same thing (NO UPDATES) after alpha. Who cares; to be frank the only reason I bought this unfinshed product is because I love warhammer and it is a curse I am still battling against kinda like AIDS. Warhammer 40,000: Inquisitor - Martyr is ARPG - I think; but more over is a GOOD 40k game at its base -but I really feel is going to turn into a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥in the coming months. I dont think you should buy this game even though am giving it a thumbs up for the fan-boy club. In reality here is what Warhammer 40,000: Inquisitor - Martyr will be after its out:- repetitive Buggy game play- terrible customer support- No sli or any sort of driver support- Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself (If it dosent work)- Slow and♥♥♥♥♥♥waiting for updates (go ♥♥♥♥ yourself)- No one knows this game (OR warhammer/ 90% players are most likely dudes, that said I don't care ..but you know; You could say the 40K fan base is a ninjas club or sum♥♥♥♥♥♥and only really is in the west and the U.K- You guys in Syria talk about how awsome Warhammer 40,000: Inquisitor - Martyr is on early access? No.. did not think so.)SO!I give it a thumbs up because am a slave to 40K games, But my advice to someone just jumping into the lore and want to do it via a video game - BUY a BOOK. Also guys lets REALLy take a look at games nowadays? Pay to win - Pay to fail.Did I like it? - yeah i did! But this is far from a full product and the only reason this got a thumbs up."
76561197970429193,Not Recommended,527430,35306371,Posted: 29 September,all,Meneleas,"Well I was enjoying it, but I failed to load into a map and now whenever I load the character it's on the main deck with the mission overlay on the right hand side and won't exit.  The character is frozen in place and nothing will get me free.  Only option is Alt-F4, tried everything I can think of but nope - the character is unplayable.   Pretty serious bug.   While it played I can see potential but it needs a lot more polish.   I can see the potential and I hope it will come good but it's a long way from that right now."
76561198073519701,Not Recommended,527430,34839864,Posted: 9 September,all,DontBeEconomicGirlyMen,"Game could be really good. I played an hour but am refunding just for one reason and it being the TERRIBLE control system. Its all over the place.In the fluid gaming of things, right mouse AIM, keep holding to aim, move around with the keys holding aim and target and shoot at free will, moving back forwards or whatever way you choose ""strafing""....LOL WRONG not this baby its a train wreck, having to actually move the coursor over enemys to shoot while your charecter must remain static, then repeat, you cant strafe you must turn left and right every time and re-enage. Its the worst AIM/MOVE/FIRE mechanic if ever seen.Will change to positive IF they put in the system which will ironically make the game much better to play."
,Not Recommended,527430,34748007,Posted: 4 September,all,[ Tzugart ],To put it simple the game is like Diablo but set in the Warhammer 40k universe.The game is good and playable but it's poorly optimised. Even with my gtx1060 and my video settings set to very low I still experience frame drops and lags. The game right now is still in it's Alpha build.Because it's still a fresh game coming from early access the bugs and poor optimization are expected. I'll be taking a break in playing the game for now and will revisit it when it improves.
76561198033273066,Not Recommended,527430,34948990,Posted: 14 September,all,Shellshock,"I think when it is finished it will be a good game but at the moment it is garbage.after 2 hours it becomes boring, always the same, kill here or kill there.the worst are the fps problems. destroyed environment disintegrates with maybe 10 fps and its also laggy.i can play it on ultra but there a lot graphic bugs and controll bugs.rather wait until it is finished and then buy. if they do not kink it and get the bugs in the handle it becomes a good game."
,Recommended,527430,34739421,Posted: 4 September,all,punck,","
76561198054713169,Not Recommended,527430,35003000,Posted: 16 September,all,Serious Cyrax,"I've put about 13 hours into the game to this point. While it seemed to have a lot of promise, I don't see the game becoming truly enjoyable unless there is a major shift in gameplay. In spite of the devs stating ""you'll never have to play the same level twice"" based on the randomization of how they're constructed, it still feels like a rinse and repeat job. You're essentially playing the same levels over and over again for your missions - same graphics and elements simply redistributed randomly as the map for the level is generated. The enemies are the same way as well at this point. The combat is alright, but does get very boring very fast for me. I wouldn't really call this a true ARPG.The current price tag just isn't worth it at all."
76561198128696531,Not Recommended,527430,34767940,Posted: 5 September,all,Derek,Few odd bugs atm i do not recomend but i see that changing easily in the near future.
,Not Recommended,527430,34767753,Posted: 5 September,all,rinks361,I'll try it again further into development.
76561197974492474,Not Recommended,527430,34999201,Posted: 16 September,all,Junk,"pass on this game if you think you are actually going to be playing an enjoyable game. It in its current alpha state is more boring than you could imagine. The same levels over and over and over again ad nauseum. Not all games are destined to be classics, Thats ok. This game however without a major evolution before release will be destined to be a fanboy only game as it is so boring Ive been considering going to church instead of playing. I have done several early access some good some bad. Grim dawn comes to mind as an early access that still had an easily recognisable solid foundation. POE is another EA that to me had a good foundation from the start. This one not so much. Would not recomend at this time, especially NOT for $50. Buy at $20. Not AAA, not AAA expierience."
76561197999108025,Not Recommended,527430,35363336,Posted: 30 September,all,Endeavour,"Honestly, don't even bother with this game.Play one level, you've played em all. Boring after 10 minutes.Game menus are so counter intuitive, it's the the designer went out of his way to make it as awful as possible. Seriously how can it be this awful?Tried the juggernaught. Repettive left click/right click for an hour during a level, then ended up dying to some boss you cant walk near because he just destroys you, but you're melee.. so to your death you march, very slowly, because mechanics are clunky as hell.Plus the price tag on it?There is nothing unique about this game at all. Nothing.Do not buy this game, do not support alpha releases to milk people for money. This is one of the worst game's i've played this year."
76561197971002504,Not Recommended,527430,34676636,Posted: 1 September,all,stigmaxl,"Devs, please please please stop trying to reinvent everywheel. There are far to many complex, unintuitive and bespoke systems in a game that should just be reallllly simple. Just stop trying so hard on stuff like Tarot card system, faction systems, 7 flavors of quests etc etc... just keep it simple and fun.Combat is not so bad, but everything inbetween is just overly complex and jr. level designed."
76561198033693647,Not Recommended,527430,34682078,Posted: 2 September,all,Lunatic!,"Ryzen 1700 @ 3.95Ghz, 4x8Gb Samsung B die @ 3200mhz CL14, GTX 1080 Ti Strix OC.Unplayable frame rate at its current state. Low FPS, frames dropping, stuttering, etc... Just bad overall performance.I actually quite like the genre, the dark vibe/theme and the Warhammer world but, unfortunatly, I wasn't able to enjoy this game because of how choppy and unnatural the frame pace was.I can't even imagine how bad performance must be for the mid and lower end PCs if this is running as described on mine.Needless to say, this an (very) early access game that needs further optimization.Right now I can't recommend this. Even less, when considering its price...Refunded."
,Not Recommended,527430,34753349,Posted: 5 September,all,S4R1N,"Seems to have a very good baseline, definitely a hell of a lot of thought put into the game.But do not buy it, it runs so badly that even on a beast of a PC it runs like a steaming pile of excrement.I'm pretty keen to see how the game goes in a year or two, but as with other W40k games, it's likely going to be dead and forgotten within the year.Avoid."
,Not Recommended,527430,34870592,Posted: 10 September,all,SwoodMadden,"This game is NOTHING like videos and screenshot on it's page. This monstrocity looks like something from 00's, it's ugly and really poorly optimized. Sound design is just woah, lasgan sounds absolutely awful, loud and out of place. They do have a good idea for the game, but that doesn't save it. You know this game is never gonna leave early access, and its always gonna look that ugly, just like the million other warhammer games on steam, right? This game was already in development for so many years, and its just terrible. It actually was looking much better at gamescon 2015.And sheesh, guys, are you out of your mind with this price? Get off your high-horse."
76561198119074775,Not Recommended,527430,34864044,Posted: 10 September,all,[XIII]Barbossa,I thought this game was gonna be great but after seeing the classes i saw non that were truely inquisitorial most were sister of battle rips and others the sniper should have been a vindacare not a normal death cult sniper least they had the culexus in it for a melee class but really if your gonna go 40k add real inquisitorial troops for classes and my god the lag was unreal the conrols wonkey and so on its beasically a diablo rip but wait diablos still better then it bleh this game is just full on horse♥♥♥♥♥♥made to insult 40k
76561198026237061,Not Recommended,527430,34644623,Posted: 31 August,all,Rust in Peace,"Disclamer - yes i know that this is still an alpha/early access and all, but the footage and the actual game are nothing alike.Been waiting for this game since ive heard that it is in development... was very excited and kind of hyped that finally we can have a 40k ARPG, how ♥♥♥♥ing cool is that ?! BUT...Cons :1. the game itself has almost zero to none similarity in terms of graphics compared to the trailers. like come on, 2010 called and says that it had better than this... and HD-ish trailers are a bad way to preset.2. the sound is horrible, why cant you at least copy a little from DOW games ? this is not how lasguns and shotguns should sound, in any game.3. always online4. the chat box is annoying and cannot be moved (didnt try the options menu, but it should be movable from the game UI)5. the game pace is really slow, i do not expect it to be fast from the get go, but still... its ARPG, way back D2 had it better even.6. the tutorial is an in game menu with tips... the game is wide, various ways to play and so, there should be a proper introduction.Pros :1. W40k ! (good enough by itself)2. massive world, with a real scale and feel that the universe is  too damn big to handle in a few plays.3. veriety of builds, playstyles and in game options like the tarot.4. has potential, but needs lots of improvement.Verdict : myself would not recommend for now at least, untill the game is around beta and has gameplay crashing issues resolved and if you expect something D3 level (more or less)"
,Not Recommended,527430,34650272,Posted: 31 August,all,Jewishman,"Had to bail out of this one immediately after having Eternal Crusade flashbacks. Maps are sterile flat tiles with waist high barriers or walls around. Cover is only ""destructible"" objects which are usually blocked off by walls and explode when hit by a single bullet, including yours which collide. Graphics looks nothing like the gameplay trailers on the highest settings, controls are awkward, skills use is similar to dota but include your basic attacks, forcing you to press shift anytime you want to attacking continuously to activate your left click as another swing or shot instead of moving, even in melee which is somewhat baffling.While I understand this is early access Im not seeing anything worth the ridiculous price that's being asked for what is essentially free beta testing."
76561198012227880,Not Recommended,527430,34678591,Posted: 2 September,all,Carlito TheAlmightyRatCatcher,Just too much to talk about in detail but an overview of the problems would be;>graphics>performance>Gameplay>Audio>storyPretty much the whole game in general is broken (not in a sellable stat what so ever) and i got this from 16 minutes of gameplay and don't say that wasn't enough you don't need to play much to figure this out i got this from the first mission.
,Not Recommended,527430,34650408,Posted: 31 August,all,Najheran,"So, absolutely no tutorial or direction whatsoever upon entering the game. Which is not the worst, as there is a tutorial journal, which is about as easy to navigate as 5 o'clock traffic. And even better, after gettting into a match by simply clicking on planets and clicking travel over and over again, I was immediately greeted by a proper popup tutorial. Only problem is that it was in ♥♥♥♥ing hungarian.And the absolute best part, after I google translated my hungarian tutorial (which said: kell egy leiras arrol, hogy van egy tutorial szakasz a journalban, hasznos. Esc menuban meg tudod nyitni es most is.) I came to find out all it said was there was a tutorial in my journal, and how to get to it.The gameplay itself runs like hot♥♥♥♥♥garbage. I had some pretty severe frame issues running on a 1080Ti, and the textures and animations are pretty mediocre at best.Overall I think the game does have potential, I really do. But the only reason for someone to buy the game in this state is to get on the ground floor of a game in VERY early access. You can give some valuable feedback, but if youre looking for a solid experience right out of the gate I cant really say it offers that right now. I especially dont think they should be charging full price for the state the game is in right now, after putting it into early access.EDIT: Since the fanboys are downvoting literally every negative review into oblivion since they have to justify the money theyve spent, ill say 2 things. If a game decides to go into EA in this state and still charge full price, youre god damn right people have the right to take issue. You could play the game for 10mins and as long as youre not a slobbering fanboy you will see the issues. And the game being released in Alpha is all well and good, however once you decide to charge money for said alpha you open yourself to criticism. The fact that every player ive talked to has had a hungarian tutorial pop up, and horrible framerate issues on a range of machines, if you honestly think this game is worth the 60CAD price in this state you are legitimately delusional."
,Not Recommended,527430,34921494,Posted: 13 September,all,Cairne,"The only fact that you should know about this game: it was my first refund in six years.Yeah, THAT bad."
76561197970504586,Not Recommended,527430,34958347,Posted: 14 September,all,Lord Kreigan,"Another♥♥♥♥♥♥warhammer game for a great IP.1) Combat is clunky as♥♥♥♥♥♥2) See number 13) Who are they marketing this game to?  Warhammer fans who don't know what a good ARPG feels like?4) The atmosphere and art, along with the textures are well done.  Animations are not clean though.Back to PoE...."
76561198067745265,Not Recommended,527430,34728591,Posted: 3 September,all,Jaegersin,The price does not fit the game. Do not ♥♥♥♥ing tell me that it is u ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ no one should pay for an early access at this level of development and clunkiness.Gameplay is slow and tedious.Graphics are a meh and remind me of something from early 2000s.
76561198074650372,Not Recommended,527430,34659309,Posted: 1 September,all,[BBSH] shmoulki,"I can't remember when was the last time i've felt so bored about a game....no sensation at all during fights, game is pretty ugly, sounds are bad....can't recommend it, even for free"
,Not Recommended,527430,34749886,Posted: 4 September,all,K-Rei,"This game for now is totally unplayable.  A game full of good thoughts, but the optimizing is absolutely rubbish and horrible.My PC (Video Card GTX1050Ti 4G) could run For Honor or Witcher 3 with ultimate video setting, and for this game, i can't even play with VERY LOW video setting, it's much like a Powerpoint played by page after page rather than a real game.I might buy this game 1 year later if they did some optimizing.Not Recommanded, unless u have an GTX 1080 or better video card, then u might be able to play it with low video setting."
76561198028029056,Not Recommended,527430,34727075,Posted: 3 September,all,Ali,No amount of Warhammer action shlock can save this game.
,Not Recommended,527430,34641882,Posted: 31 August,all,Mutant1988,Always Online.You cannot play the game singleplayer offline.
76561198037835225,Not Recommended,527430,34714955,Posted: 3 September,all,Vladracus,the game is not in any way close t o what even a good early access game or even a early alpha plays and needs more work to even be considered playable
,Not Recommended,527430,34642585,Posted: 31 August,all,Mr. Dolphin,"The game has a steep price tag for being a steaming pile of bugs and unoptimization, refunded."
,Not Recommended,527430,34771579,Posted: 6 September,all,Arnkh Ghash,"As of the latest patch, the game took a step towards f2p territory. The amound of grind you are expected to do was increased by a factor of 10. You might find it fun if you have no job or other responsibilities, otherwise stay away."
,Recommended,527430,34749686,Posted: 4 September,all,xSilas43,"Game has already improved signifigantly over the course of a month or so, very happy with the changes the dev team has made. Overall experience in the game is a lot more polished now, major issues I had all fixed now. Those that aren't quite fixed yet have been adressed by the dev team that they will be shortly. Balance is a lot better now, many more viable weapons that can progress you through the whole game if upgraded appropriately. Great work dev team, this is shaping up to be a great game."
76561197979744342,Recommended,527430,34664237,Posted: 1 September,all,Namba wan!,"gnihiihi, so, 1 hour into the game, server maintenance ... nice startalso people might brag abou paying 50 for a alpha.. dont forget, thats not how games workshop franchises workto all other fanboys, buy buy buy"
76561198092743843,Not Recommended,527430,34648025,Posted: 31 August,all,jaylaw83,"Been waiting for this for a long time.When I finally gt to play i found the game slow and laggy.I turned the graphics down to lowest and while it did improve the game by at least 50% i still found the game VERY inacurate and slow to follow commands.I get that this is an Alpha and not the final product so that being said I'd advise anyone thinking about getting the alpha  to give it a swerve until its released as a finished product.other than those problems its a lot of fun and im looking forward to playing co op very soon.The enemy DPS needs adjusting.The enemies being able to shoot through cover needs sorting.Not being able to hit an enemy right infront of you NEEDS sorting.The FPS NEEDS sorting.Enemies having INCREDIBLE HEALTH REGENERATION needs sorting right out.Not being able to shoot down from an elevated postion needs adding and so too does being able to shoot up at someone.Theres a definate lag for me from telling my toon to do something and then him doing what ive told him.Audio needs sorting and voice needs sorting.I'm genuinley regretting buying this alpha boll***s.I know its only alpha but the  alpha has soured the game for me.Again, if you love 40k give this alpha a miss as its in no state to play.there really should be a ""leave it till the game has been released"" button as well as Yes and No"
,Recommended,527430,34703822,Posted: 2 September,all,randombattle,This game is a buggy incomplete alpha of a really good and cool diablo style action rpg where everyone and everything can be blown to pieces. They have a pretty good roadtrack for making improvements and seem to be hitting them so I think they'll get there.
76561198024976249,Recommended,527430,34706128,Posted: 3 September,all,Fnord,Not bad at all. Especially for an early access game. Captures the feel of the 40k universe well.
