user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198200205727,Recommended,528610,29604277,Posted: 31 January,all,6Child6Eater6,"This game is amazing. A lot of people are complaining about 2 things that CAN BE FIXED1. YOU DON'T HAVE TO START OVER! Just press pause/start on the menu and you can start up to the last level you beat.2. THERE IS FULLSCREEN! Just press Alt+Enter and it should fit perfectly on a laptop screen, monitor, and an HDTVPlease enjoy the game now"
,Recommended,528610,29596771,Posted: 30 January,all,Machete,"Great game!Total nostalgia, same feeling of playing in the phantom system! The sounds are perfect and you can change them to the original 90's sound.I recommend it to everyone who is over 30 years old."
,Recommended,528610,29596395,Posted: 30 January,all,Dr. Grinspoon,"Easier than it's predecessors. But still semi-hard at later missions.Was disappointed about the music but found the retro option in the audio settings. Still a little disappointed about the number of tracks the soundtrack has (i've counted 4-5).Also some soundeffects seem missing. (Really?? No sound when a chopper hovers above your character? No elevator sounds?)I recommend this game to hardcore DD fans but i dont see how you can get a younger gamer into this. Either way it's pretty cheap and you'll get a couple of hours of content.There are new combos and moves to try out.Also 2-player duel mode seems nice, hard to try by myself though."
,Not Recommended,528610,29654280,Posted: 2 February,all,Mortis,"Essentially a slapdash clone of NES Double Dragon 2. It's not very good. What follows will be a stream of consciousness airing of grievances:The default music is quite bad, but the Retro music is totally fine. Not sure why this is even an option given that the game is pretending to be 8-bit.The background visuals are almost entirely drawings or even photos clumsily reduced to lower color depth, rather than actual pixel art. With one or two exceptions they look very poor and clash with the sprites. The font used in the pointless cutscenes looks a lot like the default text tool font from Microsoft Paint.Mission design is extremely basic, lacking in verticality or any kind of interesting traversal. Move to the right a screen or two, maybe climb a ladder, then wait an uncomfortably long time for enemies to walk on screen once scrolling stops.No setpieces to speak of. There's a floating platform in stage 1 that just sticks you in place while it moves to the right for like 10 seconds. Were there supposed to be enemies here?? There's an elevator sequence where you just fight a single Abobo--compare that to the elevator in stage 1 of Super DD. There's nothing like the helicopter level. Nothing like the bulldozer fight. Trap/platforming sequences are arbitrarily placed and thoughtlessly put together.The first 2/3rds of story mode is a complete joke. You may die once or twice from a pit or spikes. It's difficult to even take damage from the basic enemies--until the final stages you're never in situations that are frantic or require thought. Ultimately all of my deaths came from either traps or fast single boss attacks that took 80% off my life bar.The combat is ""OK"" but for as padded out as the game is there's not a large enough variety of moves. Mostly you just spam special attacks or abuse z-movement to start combos. I found myself constantly wishing for a stomp or something to attack downed enemies. Weapons are very sparse and feel very bad--the knife bounces off people?? Enemies seem mostly unable to access the very bottom or very top of any given screen, strangely, so you almost always have a safe zone.Tower mode is just a slapped together survival mode added as another way to gate unlock characters. Ridiculously basic and a slog. All the normal game's problems except you're fighting two or three enemies at a time, 100 times.It's cheap, at least, but that is definitely a reflection of the effort and pride that went into development."
,Recommended,528610,29596462,Posted: 30 January,all,La Cucaracha La Cucaracha,If you love Double Dragon 2 this is a must buy.  It feels like a fan made game but its still fun.
76561198066368561,Recommended,528610,29713430,Posted: 5 February,all,onion.scroll,"I was skeptic that it was going to be just a quick cash grab, hollow, shallow, game.Glad to say after playing it to some lengths, there are tons of content for it's price. Using Double Dragon 2 as it's blueprint, this continuation of the series finally expands on the combat system that consists more than just a simple 1-2 attacks followed by a knockdown. Certain attacks have juggle properties that allow for some extended combos before your opponents even hit the floor-- a tradition ever present in modern fighting games.And finally Billy and Jimmy get a bit of martial arts variations while mostly retaining a similar moveset. Each having different throw properties, kick launch distance, combo enders, etc. reminiscent of Street Fighter's Ryu and Ken.The game is very tough the first time around; but hang around long enough, and you'll start to pick up patterns and learn to properly deal with groups.My only issues with the game are that the new music is mostly bland. Sorry guys, there aren't any new catchy, adrenaline-pumping songs this time around (think of the difference between the music from Contra and Hard Corps: Uprising. Another title based off a franchise with awesome music-turned-generic-rock also developed by Arc System Works). And last but not least, I just wished more characters had juggle launchers.tl;dr - Fortunately ASW is a fighting game powerhouse and you can clearly see that in the combat of Double Dragon IV. At the same time you have to deal with their generic as f*** music. There is an option to switch to an 8-bit bgm, but the composition is clearly weak and uninspired. Every single one of the new tracks are immediately forgettable. Even Double Dragon/Battletoads (SNES) and Super Double Dragon (Return of DD in PAL regions) had tunes with some staying power."
,Not Recommended,528610,29890920,Posted: 12 February,all,Parallax Abstraction,"I also covered this game on YouTube:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jywBD-07_TYWhile the price is certainly reasonable, this is neither a good retro inspired game, nor a good Double Dragon game in my opinion.Double Dragon IV takes the aesthetic of the NES Double Dragon games and also works within the altered canon of that version of the series. It's a new entry with new lore, done in the cringey way Double Dragon is known for. You'll go through a series of 12 levels, punching and kicking your way through everything that moves, to eventually take revenge on those who have done you wrong.I can appreciate a good retro inspired game more than most gamers but this one doesn't evolve from its roots at all. It uses the same dated graphics, animations and sound as the originals from 30 years ago, with the exception of the optional remixed soundtrack, which sounds like it was done by someone who just learned Fruity Loops. I love brawlers but aside from some hard to execute additional combo moves, this follows the exact same formula as old Double Dragon games. You punch enemies, you kick enemies and you kite them to the proper position slightly below you in order to get hits on them. You'll also occasionally have to do some infuriating platforming that doesn't fit this style of play at all and results in a lot of cheap deaths.Even if you can overcome the lack of game play innovations, this still feels like a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥effort. There are 12 levels and each of them is very short and several have large sections where you're just walking to the right with nothing happening. I beat the entire campaign by myself in less than an hour and only ran out of continues once. And even if you do, you can start at the last completed level from the main menu, with a full slate of continues available. If you play with a friend, the difficulty doesn't scale so it gets easier still. As you finish the campaign, you unlock more characters for the incredibly boring 2 player duel mode and once you beat the game, you unlock a wave-based challenge mode that's actually kind of fun but also gets old fast.Even if after all that, this still sounds appealing to you, the technical issues abound, despite the game's simplicity. The UI takes up almost 1/3 of the screen for no apparent reason. On the PC, you'll regularly restart the game to find your save deleted for no reason, meaning everything you've unlocked with be wiped. There is no online play, there are no Steam trading cards and no cloud saving. There are achievements but they all read like variables names. You can rebind controller buttons but not keys, and the default keys don't use a common layout. On top of that, there's significant controller response lag that will regularly cause you to repeat strikes or miss hits you know you made.I love retro inspired games and I love brawlers but even at $7, this game feels like a ripoff to me. Something being cheap doesn't excuse it from basic standards of quality and this just doesn't have them. I was excited to hear a new retro inspired Double Dragon game was coming but this feels like something a staff member at Arc System Works was messing around with in their free time that some manager saw and told them to quickly finish up and ship. It's a half-baked, cynical cash-in title that doesn't do justice to the franchise and insults people who enjoy retro inspired games. If you're jonesing for a game like this, wait until it's on sale for $2-$3. Even at the low price of $7, this isn't worth it."
,Recommended,528610,29598607,Posted: 30 January,all,BD_Fire,"I love Double Dragon / Kunio games and even though I recommend this game, I have problems with it.Pros:• Retro Stylization• Cool Techniques• Diff Music Choices• Play With Any Character• Level Select (start button in menu)Cons:• No Online•No Fullscreenalt+enter•Player Can't RunSome Characters Can• Some Missing Sound FXIf you're like me, these Cons can be overlooked because of warm fuzzy feelings of nostalgia. For everyone else, these could be real issues. Hopefully Arc System Works will patch and fix some of this stuff soon.7/10 - I feel like the devs rushed launching this game.TryAbobo's Big Adventure"
,Recommended,528610,33107833,Posted: 1 July,all,langdonx,"This is really hard to recommend. It comes down to this:You should absolutely buy this game if you enjoyed Double Dragon II: The Revenge, which this is a spiritual successor to.  If you don't want to play a NES game in 2017, dont buy it.Double Dragon II: The Revenge is easily in my top 10 NES games of all time.  It was perfection and is still fun to play.  Double Dragon IV is not total perfection, but still manages to be a lot of fun.  I played the two games back-to-back.  Here's the rundown:Double Dragon IV pros (Double Dragon II cons):- There are more special moves and they are easier to execute- There's a dedicated kick button- There aren't as many annoying platform sequences- There are more ""missions""- They added characters from Street Fighter (not really, but ~Ibuki and ~E. Honda are in there)- It's also a fighting game -- there's a versus mode where you can use the brothers or any enemy to fight your pals (local only)- More enemies (every enemy from the previous game, plus new ones)- You can unlock and play as any enemy in the game (!!!)Double Dragon II pros (Double Dragon IV cons):- Somehow runs smoother- The enemies wait their turn to fight you instead of all piling on at once- The music is better (even if you turn on Double Dragon IV retro music)- You can attack behind you with 1 button- The grapple moves are better (up kick!)"
,Recommended,528610,32749085,Posted: 24 June,all,Chowderchu,"At first I was a little skeptical because some of the music didn't really sound chip-tuney enough to match the classic aesthetic of the game (and there are also these weird crates in story mode that look like they don't match the rest of the game,) but as I continued to play I gained an increasing appreciation for Double Dragon IV. A lot of the classic moves and combos from the original Double Dragon's have found their way into this one, and they are more fun and elaborate than ever before! A lot of classic tunes are also a treat, although some of the remade versions of songs aren't half as good as their original 8-bit counterparts. There are segments of levels that are clearly made in the memory of segments from the original games, and most of them bring authentic value to the playthrough experience. Some of them, however, do not feel genuine either because of nuances in the graphics, music, or gameplay. Overall, I feel that the true spirit of Double Dragon was captured in this game, which is a huge success. An even bigger success is that they were able to build new, yet authentic feeling game modes.As a total package, one of the things that made this game shine the most for me was the surprise of Tower Mode. ***Spoiler Alert*** you earn this mode after beating the game, and it allows you to unlock A TON of playable character for all game modes. Each character has their own unique moves and combos, and there are some really surprising unlocks if you can get far enough."
,Recommended,528610,29602482,Posted: 31 January,all,NeoRizer,"When Two Dragons Soar Through The Sky, An Angel Will Fall To Earth...Well here it is, the re-return of the Double Dragons? So what is this you ask? It's a quick cash grab game from our beloved retro friends over at Arc System Works and completely messes up the Double Dragon timeline but hey, is it worth your 7 or 8 dollars? Read on.StorySo apparently Arc decided to change around the Double Dragon timeline a tad so this game falls somewhere after Double Dragon II - The Revenge and sometime before Double Dragon III - The Sacred / Rosetta Stones. According to Arc though, Double Dragon III came BEFORE Double Dragon II (who knew?) regardless of what numbered entry this is in the series, it comes directly after resurrecting Marian in Double Dragon II.It's your typical Double Dragon drivel, your girlfriend (Marian) gets kidnapped (for whatever reason) and it's time to head out and destroy some street thugs and save her one more time. The problem with this game is that the story doesn't get better as you play through it like almost every other Double Dragon game (especially Double Dragon II). Instead about half way through the entire thing falls apart and the final boss is a bit of a joke and more light hearted comparitively to the dark and gritty Double Dragon II's final encounter.Score: 4/10GraphicsWell it's a retro title using NES sprites so don't expect much. If you prefered the way Double Dragon II's sprites looked then you'll be pleased because they basically just ripped every enemy out of Double Dragon II and put them in this game. They added a few new characters as well and their sprites just seem completely out of place but what can you do really? The weapons and certain items also stand out a lot and the mixture of using Double Dragon 1 and 2's pixel art together don't really mix well so it loses points for consistency.Score: 7/10GameplayYou have more than 2 buttons to work with so the battle mechanics aren't nearly as basic or tedious as they were in past installments. In fact every special move can be mapped to a button and you can now combo and juggle enemies in mid air... finally a retro Double Dragon with better battle mechanics.If you want to know which signature moves returned in this installment, here's the list for the Lee Brothers:PunchFront Kick (No longer Back Kick)Jump (Now 1 button instead of 2)Jump KickCyclone Spin KickHyper KneeHyper UppercutHead ButtElbowHigh KickHair PullThrowIt's all there, and it's easier than ever to pull off, as long as you have a controller, you're basically golden. I wouldn't recommend playing this with a keyboard as that was never how Double Dragon was meant to be played. All buttons can be re-mapped however you prefer.The game isn't as tight as it was in Double Dragon II or III, those games felt a lot slower paced and the hit boxes on the enemies were really big and forgiving. Instead this game feels more like Double Dragon I on the NES, enemy hit boxes are kind of small and your characters feel a bit more floaty. It took me about 2 minutes to get adjusted to the feeling though, once you're used to it, it comes very naturally for any old school veteran.Score: 8/10MusicIt has that retro vibe to it and some old school favorite songs show up but over all it's very repetitive and there wasn't much passion put in to it. Honestly I'm kind of disappointed how generic the soundtrack is but the 3 new songs that are in the game aren't bad, they just re-use the hell out of them.... 3 new stage songs (5 total) and there's 12 Missions... so yeah... get's a bit stale too quickly.Score: 5/10Longevity & Replay ValueThere's plenty of content here. There's 12 missions to go through, all of which are roughly the length of an Average Double Dragon II level, the game does get a bit unforgiving in Mission 11 as it's basically an homage to Mission 7 from Double Dragon II (The Trap Room) so be warned you may end up frustrated if you're bad at timing jumps. I for one didn't have much trouble with it, I lost a credit trying to get through it just from cheap pit fall deaths but I had plenty of credits to spare. So long as you're good at the battle mechanics, this part of the game won't phase you if you lose a couple of lives.There's a new tower mode that allows you to play as every enemy character in the game and traverse a 100 floor tower. Unfortunately I was only able to make it to Floor 65 as of typing this and it's incredibly difficult. You have 1 life to live to make it to the top. On the plus side you unlock every character at around Floor 40 and can play the story mode using them.There are an enormous amount of achievements in this game and 80% of them require you to beat the entire story mode as every character in the game. There are over 20+ characters to choose from so grab a buddy for some couch co-op and start using some wild character combos!Score: 9/10 ~ If you're a completionistIf you're looking to only play this game once through and unlock all the characters, it has about 4 hours of gameplay total. I would recommend trying to do everything in the game or you're just not getting your money out of it.Overall VerdictIt's a great little homage to the series and a love letter to the fans. It feels a bit like an unprofessional fan game and not very well put together at some parts but all the classic stuff is there. You have some conveyor belts, spike traps, pit falls, moving platforms and of course your favorite cast of Double Dragon characters and villains. If it had a tad more polish it could of been considered a mainstream title in the series but ever since Super Double Dragon, the quality just hasn't been the same. It's still worth the 8 dollars though.Fan favorites like the Mysterious Warrior, Chin Seimei and Ranzou are here as little secret easter eggs as well as a retro version of Jimmy Lee from the orginal Double Dragon NES game. If you're an old school gamer and enjoyed Double Dragon in its early years and know how to handle it's quirks, this game is definitely for you. I was able to crush it on my first playthrough as it just felt like an alternate version of Double Dragon II and I've mastered that game completely.The only mode that really makes me frustrated is the tower mode but eventually I'll muster the patience to push through it.Overall Score: 7/10Final ThoughtsIt's a great fan game, I wouldn't take it too seriously though, I don't consider this game canon at all but it's fun to relive those old school childhood moments again. If you're someone who wasn't born in the 1980's or early 1990's, you should probably steer clear of this game or you're going to have a bad time."
76561198162935134,Recommended,528610,29635649,Posted: 1 February,all,D3ATHCHASE,"You like the old DD's? Well for 7 dollars a continuation no matter how little it offers in content is still WORTH IT.The tower mode is fun, the duels are fun, the story is fun, even though it was quick, but for 7 bucks you really cant go wrong. Controllers work, it goes full screen, plays well on 1 PC.Being a 90s gamer, i love this and it does bring back nostalgia. If you like that feeling too, GET IT."
76561198031898108,Recommended,528610,29597121,Posted: 30 January,all,jujohnso,"This game is fun!  Double Dragon II on NES was my favorite DD experience, and this game plays very much like that one.  The animation is smooth, the retro music option is fun.  If you enjoyed the old Double Dragon games, give this one a try!"
,Recommended,528610,29597002,Posted: 30 January,all,William Shakesman,"ArcSys vacuuming up the Kunio and Double Dragon licenses is a blessing. We got the excellent River City Tokyo Rumble on 3DS, a love letter to the whole Kunio franchise from Renegade on, and now Double Dragon 4, a love letter to Double Dragon 2 brings a lot of unique ArcSys flavor to the package.The game is pure, old school NES brawler goodness, borrowing most heavily from DD2. And DD2 was where Double Dragon really nailed the satisfying slam of the knee strike or the hurricane kick, so that's a perfectly fine nostalgia launch point. ArcSys added enough of their own content and expanded the movesets of the stock enemies that most encounters are surprises. Sadly, some of the weak points of DD2 are kept, like an obligatory trap room to make you regret DD2 ever pretending it could do platforming any justice.I feel a little bit upset that everything from Double Dragon Advance (the, to this point, undisputed love letter to Double Dragon, as good to DD as SoRR was to Streets of Rage...)  and the Zeebo and Iphone games were ignored, but I am fine with what we got.*Either way, this is a strong showing and I hope ArcSys continues to support these franchises (especially with more PC ports).Note: Read the manual. It explains some of the new special moves added to the game.*Fortunately, the mistakes, Double Dragon Neon and DD Wander of the Dragon were discarded just as ruthlessly."
76561198089787824,Recommended,528610,30655954,Posted: 21 March,all,Timminsone VideoGames,"Love the game. Best game made this year in my opinion. I love the retro throwback and i would recommend to any gaming company to not under estimate the popularity of 8-16bit games people will still buy them. I would love to see more NES sequals done in 8-16bit style.Hell id buy an original NES and the games if they were still in stores as new, no amount of rainbow graphics from modern games can hide they all lack playability and fun factor and also carry high cost due to high production expense when its completely unneccessary, NES's and SNES's past success proves that you dont need more than 8bits to make a good game.I just wish the window it runs in could be maximized, that is the only thing they need to add because the game is awesome.If there is 1 game that needs a sequal done in 8bit its Legend of Zelda 2 for NES they seemed to give up on that style of side scrolling Zelda games only 1 was ever made and in my opinion an 8bit sequal in that style would sell like crazy everyone that liked Zelda 2 on NES would want to try it. Another 2 player beet em up 8bit sequal i would love is River City Ransom on NES, not alot of people tried it back in the day but everyone that did loved it."
,Recommended,528610,32671358,Posted: 23 June,all,Hank Hell,"*-Rating: 7.5/10  Good game for the price.  It only takes just over an hour to beat but it's fairly challenging at first and pretty enjoyable overall.  Very good music and similar gameplay to Double Dragon 2-*First of all, I loved the old Double Dragons and have been keeping my eye on this game until it went on sale (even though it was already cheap).  Playing through Double Dragon 2 like crazy, I consider myself a pro as I could beat the game solo pretty quickly.Let's start with the worst parts or what people seem to be moaning about.  Double Dragon 4 only took me just under an hour to 'almost' beat the first try.  I was in the final level so my assumption is it may have been 5-10 minutes longer than that (correction it was 15ish).  I guess you could say it's a short story; but I could beat Double Dragon 2 in an hour flat easily and that was $80 when it first came out.  A lot of the enemies are repetitive, but so were they in the second game.  I didn't have any freezes or any issues with my wireless Logitech controller.  You can full screen with Alt + Enter; apparently some people still don't know about this feature that's been around for decades.Now with the good parts.  Double Dragon 4 offers co-op play and 5 extra credits (continues) which entail 3 lives each (for a total of 18 lives).  There is a duel game mode (which I haven't tried) and something in ??? I assume is unlocked when you beat the game.  The music is 8/10 good in which one of the levels I found myself bopping my head to as I played.  Sadly, this was only in one level and it was one of the shorter ones.  This game is pretty challenging in Single Player.  They throw tons of enemies at you that seem to be on a timer, so if you kill enemies slow you're going to have a lot of trouble.The game itself looks like Double Dragon 2.  We have the same super moves + several others.  You can find out how to do the new ones in the menu.  The controls feel a little off at first (it's no NES controller) and they don't feel precisely the same as the NES Double Dragons as some things are slightly off.  It's not a problem, though, as you can easily get the hang of them within a minute or two if you've ever played the original games (at least I didn't have a major issue with this).In conclusion, if you really liked the Double Dragon games especially the second, i'd say go for it and buy it.  It's 9 bucks and if you hate it you will have beaten the game before the 2 hour refund limit anyways.  If you have any questions feel free to ask.  Good luck and happy purchasing!*Edit/Semi-Spolier*: I beat the game on my third try.  The '???' marks unlock to a 'Tower mode' in which enemies are a lot weaker than in the 'Story mode'.  I made it to floor 25 and died.  This unlocked most of the characters/enemies you can play as in any mode including Story; which is a neat feature.Also, there are a couple levels where you have to pick the right paths to go.  If you go the wrong way it loops back to the previous part you just did.  In one instance, you have to pick the right 'one of three' doorways or you end up fighting the same floors of enemies endlessly.  This was probably the biggest nuisance and in-game life killer of them all, but I figured out all the proper doorways by the third time through.  Just a heads up as the previous Double Dragons had nothing like this :)."
76561198262763235,Recommended,528610,29599140,Posted: 30 January,all,seawolf86,"Double Dragon IV is interesting. It's good, but it's not perfect and not for everyone. Basically, if you like the old NES versions of Double Dragon, you should like this. It feels like a cross between II and III. There is the platforming of I and II, but a few of the levels have the flat feel and the ""why did they not break up the enemies if they gave me this much space?"" feel of III. Graphics are good, well drawn and clear, sprites are of the 8 bit variety, but if you're looking into this game, that shouldn't bother you. The variety of enemies was a nice touch as well.The battles were fun and challenging for certain areas, others, not as much. Controls were mostly responsive, but pushing a button along with the direction sometimes had a supermove perform instead of an uppercut or a knee, or trying for a headlock, I would push over too soon and do a flying kick that would miss them. The supermoves were fun, and some were decent crowd control, but not necessary. I found myself relying on the old spin kick and uppercut combo with a few knees thrown in. Hey, at least the punches and kicks weren't worthless. Giving the enemies special moves was smart and made the game much more interesting.My biggest gripe was the level design. Some felt really well polished and others were over almost as soon as you started them. I was scratching my head at that. Second gripe was the sound. The sound wasn't quite up to par, it didn't have the satisfying thud and connect of the first two DD games. I felt like my kick went through the enemy as I launched him into the air from a headlock instead of connecting perfectly like it did in II. Also, certain sound effects, like the finger pointing, elevators, and helicopters were missing.The use of enemies on the screen was overall well done, but sometimes hit and miss. One or two guys on the screen, beat them down and then move on. Or a wave of enemies that threatens to overwhelm you. It could get a little frustrating that a happy medium wasn't reached, but not a game killer.Having a tower mode and a vs mode is all well and good for prolonging the life of the game, at least when you're not trying for a 1CC.All in all, for a $6.99 game, it is worth a buy. It was put together like a Double Dragon game should have been. Similar enough and true enough to its roots while changing certain aspects to show that it can evolve and still be a fun game. While it might not be as record breaking as when it came out 30 years ago, it is still a worthy addition to the Double Dragon name."
76561198034242123,Recommended,528610,34053034,Posted: 5 August,all,Mister Tea,"You can't throw enemies into one another.That's the only thing keeping this game from being as good as Streets of Rage 2.It's one of the best beatemups ever made.And it's probably not for you.If you've ever whined that a game is repetitive, it's not for you.If you've never been in a fist fight in real life, it's not for you.If you spent a hundred bucks on a classic NES and a few games and you never even completed Super Mario Bros., it's not for you.This game is probably not for you.This game is for people who knew God Hand was good before Tim Rogers told them so.It's repetitive for the same reason a batting cage is repetitive: Because it's about your abilities, and developing your abilities means overcoming your ADD and doing the same thing over and over, long after most people would get bored and give up.It's repetitive for the same reason a hip hop beat is repetitive: Because that's the best part of the song and the rest of it is the wack part.The story is nonsense because stories are for books and books are for nerds.The game was developed by Yoshihisa Kishimoto with help from the staff of the original Double Dragon. Yoshihisa invented the beatemup and he has returned to create the best of the series and one of the three best of the genre.If that means something to you, the game is worth several times its price.Otherwise, don't bother, and stop pretending that watching the Angry Video Game Nerd makes you a retro gamer.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWHdy6-_Ev8"
,Recommended,528610,29767861,Posted: 7 February,all,Seraph,"Don't like reading? You can catch the video review here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUMHvMgbmjoReleased on the Playstation 4 on January 30th 2017 in the west with a PC release following on the 31st of January, we have Double Dragon IV. Developed and published by Arc System Works, Double Dragon IV departs from the graphical update seen in Double Dragon Neon and returns to the NES console style in the vein of the first three Double Dragon games on the NES. While the Original Double Dragon games were made by the now defunct Technos Japan, some of the staff members from Technos got together to help make Double Dragon IV. The Double Dragon series have traditionally been side-scrolling, beat em’ up games and was one of the series that defined the genre.Taking place after the events of Double Dragon II: The Revenge on the NES which had a more positive ending than its Arcade release and most subsequent ports, the Double Dragon brothers Billy and Jimmy Lee have set up martial arts dojos around America teaching their Sosetsuken techniques. On their way to one of those dojos they get attacked by a mysterious group known as the Renegades who have teamed up with the remnants of the Black Shadow Warriors to finish off the brothers once and for all. Now there has been a little bit of confusion in regards to the release of this game and the Double Dragon timeline, so to clear this up. The series began with Double Dragon, next up the events of Double Dragon III: The Sacred Stones play out, then after that, the events of Double Dragon II: The Revenge take place. Double Dragon IV is a sequel to Double Dragon II as Super Double Dragon was known as Return of Double Dragon in Japan and was its own game, Double Dragon V: The Shadow Falls was based off the animated show in the 90s and Double Dragon Advance served as a reboot.[THE GOOD]+Nostalgia factor achieved through sprites as well as chiptune music+Bonus features such as Tower Mode and replaying the game as enemy characters[THE BAD]- Lack of Online multiplayer- Game is far too easy- AI could use some work.[THE OPINION]Despite how short the game was, I had a reasonable amount of fun playing through Double Dragon IV. The additional modes and being able to replay the story as different characters certainly kept the replayability factor, and because I grew up playing the series on a console, when I first heard about Double Dragon IV, I was pretty much on board. While the game is a little on the too easy side and lacks online multiplayer, it was fairly enjoyable overall and definitely worth it if you’re a Double Dragon fan, however opinions may be divided depending on whether you liked Double Dragon Neon or not. I wouldn’t say the game was better than Double Dragon II on the NES, but it’s certainly a contender and I can see myself coming back to play this game on a more regular basis."
,Recommended,528610,29660991,Posted: 2 February,all,QuinnCo,"This is what Double Dragon 3 should have been. If you played and loved Double Dragon 2 for the NES, you will love this game.  The fighting genre has certainly evolved since the late 80s and newer fans may be put off by the simplicity of this game.  There are cheap shots and hard jumps. The first few levels are a cake-walk, while it picks up difficulty pretty quickly in the mid-levels. But if you are fan of the NES Double Dragons, you already know this.I love the game so far and think others who cut their teeth in the late 80s/early 90s will too. If not, it may not be for you, which is fine. There is always Double Dragon Neon, which is another enjoyable romp."
76561198015399489,Recommended,528610,29710323,Posted: 4 February,all,vortex,"This game is pretty good! It feels a lot like a NES Double Dragon (like II in particular).  It does have few problems (sticking enemies at the top of ladders where they ambush you immediately is not cool, Arc System Works), but still, I had a lot of fun with it.It borrows heavily from previous games, while still having some fresh new elements. Billy and Jimmy have most of their old moves, and a few new ones.  A lot of enemies are taken right from Double Dragon II, but there's also some new ones.  Many old weapons make a return, along with some new ones.  Some of the music is old, some is new.... That kind of thing.While I would say Double Dragon Neon is still the better game, this one's worth getting if you've already played the other."
76561198017902285,Recommended,528610,32693474,Posted: 23 June,all,vinnysmashesbabies,"Many people are harsh on this game yet they praise Neon. Frankly, I'm the other way around. While it's true this game does look fan-made, I boil it down to whether or not it's actually fun to play. And that's where DD4 delivers and Neon fails. The controls are actually RESPONSIVE and can be remapped (Neon's controls were unbelievably stiff and confusing). Remapping controls is a must however, as the defaults are weird (Arc System Works has a poor track record with this; River City Super Sports Challenge is another example). Still, a solid beat-em-up that captures the NES spirit!"
76561198306886040,Recommended,528610,29598849,Posted: 30 January,all,VinDiddyTheAberrant,"I find the title of the game a bit odd since we had a Double Dragon V, but nonetheless it certainly is faithful to it's NES counterparts. The mechanics are primarily based off of Double Dragon II with numerous added moves. The difficulty is easy early on, but gives you the chance to learn the moves. The Duel mode from the first Double Dragon returns, and you'll actually be able to select different charaters. Each character will have a unique moveset which is pretty cool, but I have yet to try it out with another player. Unfortunately you can't face the CPU in this mode, which is kind of too bad.I'm unsure if this will appeal to younger gamers. Those that grew up with the NES will enjoy the nostalga and retro feel of it, and how it stays true to the source material."
76561197999276476,Recommended,528610,29729391,Posted: 5 February,all,Immymatic,"Welcome to a return to the halcyon days of Nintendo, where it was you, a gradeschool chum (or sibling) plugging away the controller and beating the living excrement out of thugs in your quest to rescue Marion. The nostalgia factor is strong with this one, and if you enjoyed the original Double Dragon II: The Revenge, then I can't imagine passing this game up.Newschoolers be warned; this game is not pretty, nor is it intended to be. The graphics and assets are all sprite edits and new backgrounds whipped up in the style of DD II. The upgrades from the original include newer and more responsive moves, and a rudimentary juggle system that takes a little getting used to. However, the new upward cyclone headbutt, jumping reverse roundhouse and axe kick are all welcome additions to the tornado roundhouse and spike knee -- everything is the same as it was except more responsive and a lot less strict than the NES controls.The gripes I have with the game, however, are length and challenge. The game consists of 12 missions, many of which are pretty short -- just a handful of foes and either a recycled boss or a new one. The platforming is clunky and made challenge just from that fact, however it's at its worst maybe 3/4 as hard as platforming in Double Dragon II.Also, if you're looking for plot, don't. This game is not Shakespeare, and even the rudimentary story that is there is brainmeltingly dull. Double Dragon II had fantastic cutscenes and drawings, beautiful sunsets and drama rendered in pixel art (even if it was just a bad 80's action plot.) The cutscenes here are very dull, and 80% of them consist of just shots of dialogue and the character's faces. Pretty lame if you ask me.In a nutshell -- the mechanics are solid, its combat is everything DD II was but better. The story is sparse and the main story is short -- very short. Tower is fun, and has a few surprise unlocks but overall the game is a bit on the shallow end, even for someone who loves trips down memory lane, having finished this in little under an hour.If you loved Double Dragon this is a must. If you merely liked Double Dragon you might want to pass this. If you're a newcomer you might be underwhelmed. Either way, I think it's fun, and I'd definitely pick it up on a steam sale, but don't go expecting a revolution."
76561198074466609,Recommended,528610,30047618,Posted: 19 February,all,pinut,"I couldn't believe it when I saw that Double Dragon IV would be released. I was so hyped that I thought I would not like the game since my expectations were too high. But, even with my expectations, I love this game!!! They really did a great job bringing back the retro feel and the story is like the classic games. I love the fact that there are more moves than before. The new characters are really good and also, the difficulty is really linear as you change missions. A good point too : the punch are faster. That was an annonying point in the older NES games. The punch were slow and you had to be extremely precise with timing, just remember Chin from Double Dragon III. The graphics are really good, the cutscenes have the same style than Double Dragon II which I love! The music is not as good as the other games, but it is still quite good. The control are more responsive than the NES games. Also, the moves are far more easier to do! Like the knee jump. They also dimished its power, probably because it is easy to do now.The only thing I have to say is that the programming could be a little bit more polished. You can go through some objects and sometimes the characters are showing in front of a foreground element. This doesn't make the game bad, but it gives a little bit of an amateur look when it happens.I don't understand why the ratings aren't better. A lot of people wanted an arcade type game and some wanted a 3d version. But I think that these people are not doing a good review since they are not looking at the game for what it is."
76561198145298170,Recommended,528610,29825966,Posted: 10 February,all,Games4Eternity,"Bimmy and Jimmy are back baby!Super High Resolution, 3D, Virtual Reality, 4k, Unreal Engine 10 are nowhere to be found thankfully.Old-school 2D beat 'em up!Variety of levels/enemies/song tracks/moves and modes.Controls better than the originals IMO.The difficulty is more fair than the originals.The character models are upgraded, but not too much.The only cons I can see would be NO Online Co-op, that personally I wouldn't even use.Love it and well worth it.Stays true to the classics with a few upgrades in overall look/feel."
76561197995467824,Recommended,528610,29618572,Posted: 31 January,all,Freaksheet,Double Dragon II for the NES was one of my absolute favorite games when I was growing up so naturally this was an instant-buy for me. The developer took an old favorite and improved on it with more abilities and challenging enemies.But I've got some major nostalgia goggles on this. New players to the series probably won't find much of interest here after taking roughly an hour to cruise through the story mode.Pros:-New moves and combos building on the old Double Dragon games-Lots of playable characters to unlock-Easy to pick up and play (If you have a controller)-Cheap price tagCons:-Short story mode-Few soundtracks-Enemy AI is really basic and easily exploited-Screen resolution is tough to work with-Keyboard controls are oddly mapped
76561198165480221,Recommended,528610,30071775,Posted: 20 February,all,pinkfloydinspace,"Coming from a real fan who really embraces the NES version of Double Dragon. Always concidered the original Double Dragon one of my top 3 favorite NES games and just one of my favorite video games of all time period. Also enjoyed Double Dragon II NES version. Double Dragon 3 should have never existed and that is why we have this game lo and behold...A bit on the easy side. Really wish it could had been as difficult as the first couple Double Dragon games. But the fact is this is difficult if not more difficult than previous games if you try to beat the game without restarting a level after losing all your lives and continues once.At least there were plenty of levels and I did like the level designs, enemies, moves, and combat. Also liked the unlockables and bonus tournament level. At $6.99 this is a steal. I usually pay more than that for 8 bit retro games when they are on a steam sale. So nothing to complain here."
,Recommended,528610,29655298,Posted: 2 February,all,FreezingInferno,"Double Dragon's a series that's been around for 30 years, and I guess this is some sort of tribute to the 30th anniversary. What we've got is a ""retro revival"" sort of deal that's continuing on from a specific branch of the games; that being the NES trilogy. That particular set of console ports is beloved by many who grew up in the NES era, and it's that exact aesthetic that Double Dragon 4 evokes. More specifically, it's the aesthetic of Double Dragon 2. The look and feel of this game is not unlike that one, with many of the sprites looking like they were taken straight from it. With the benefit of hindsight, the NES trilogy was not without its flaws. Double Dragon 4 patches over some of these; the limitation of needing to hit both face buttons on an NES controller to jump is replaced with a dedicated jump, which is helpful. Additional buttons can be mapped for extra attacks like a roundhouse kick or elbow, and they'll help.The game's not all that hard, and gives you three lives and five credits to beat the whole thing. This can't be changed in any way, nor is there much of a difficulty selection. I made it to the last boss on one 50-minute playthrough, found a new move in the help menu, and all but steamrolled through again on that second playthrough to clear it in just under two hours. Replay value is limited, but there in a fashion; you have 2-player co-op and duel modes, as well as a Tower mode that's just a survival gauntlet against 100 waves of enemies. Progress in the latter unlocks new characters for the story mode, so if you wanted to go through the game as one of the enemies, you can. In the end, it's okay. $7 USD is not that bad of an asking price for it if you're super nostalgic for Double Dragon 2 on NES and want something that evokes that. If you have the extra money, Double Dragon Neon would also scratch that itch and give you a bit more bang for your buck, but this is just fine. It's okay, which is perfectly fitting considering that the NES trilogy was pretty okay for the most part as well."
76561197997914776,Recommended,528610,31428183,Posted: 28 April,all,Submerged,"frickin awesome ! I loved DD2 growing up and this game incorporates all of them!From the music, to the levels, to the bosses.Great game, fun replayability - A++"
76561198027172351,Not Recommended,528610,30838675,Posted: 30 March,all,dox1842,"I reall wanted to like this game and it could have been great if it wasnt for some minor design issues. First off you have to press F1 to see the strange keyboard layout. You would think that they would utilize the arrow keys to move around the menus but unfortunately the default keys to move up,down, right and left are e,s,d,x respectivey. There is no fullscreen option or way to change the resolution. You can press F2 and make it somewhat fullscrreen but this does not fill the screen it just makes the window larger. The language select is at the main menu when it should be under the ooptions menu. Overall the game is just *alright* . Try it out to see if you like it. I got my money back."
76561198307612641,Recommended,528610,29723874,Posted: 5 February,all,daveoneal,"I've been playing Double Dragon since the first port came onto the NES - played the arcade, the sequels, etc. etc.  Just saying, I was there, so maybe my history of the series can help with perspective on this new entry.First of all, a lot of fans are thrown off by the title.  Super Double Dragon, originally released on the SNES, was already acknowledged as the fourth official game in the series, followed by Double Dragon V.  The series basically dropped off the map for many years after V, bar a few oddball releases here and there on consoles like the Neo Geo and Game Boy throughout those last years.  It was later revived on the excellent GBA reboot, and then with Double Dragon Neon on Xbox 360 and the PS3.I guess Arc System Works thought it would be a good idea to give the game a reboot of some kind, so here we are with Double Dragon IV on Steam and the PS4 console.  Mega Man 9 did the retro-reboot hat trick quite well, as did Bionic Commando ReArmed.  I think the well for reboots is starting to run a little dry though, and after reading some reviews, I had to see for myself if Double Dragon 4 was as mediocre as some are claiming it to be.First of all, if you're not a Double Dragon fan, or not a huge fan of beat-em-up games, I would skip this one.  There are already superior beat-em-ups like Dragon's Crown and Scott Pilgrim VS The World.  This one doesn't really hold much of a candle to those entries.  I absolutely LOVE the Double Dragon series, but this could've been so much more.There are a lot of pros to this game.  There is a wide variety of moves for Billy and Jimmy, and there is also a pretty nifty combo system.  Most of the moves from the second game, as well as many from the first, make it into this entry.  There are also a really powerful spinning headbutt move that is almost just like Dhalsim's from Street Fighter.  There are definitely plenty of moves to choose from, and additional characters for those who just can't get enough.  The classic gameplay is intact, but just beefed up with more variety.The graphics and sound are nothing special - If you like Double Dragon 2, you will feel right at home here.  The game borrows most of its style, thematically and play-wise, from that entry.  There are also hordes of enemies and weapons as well.  And although the game has twelve missions, it still feels surprisingly short, and wickedly easy for a Double Dragon game.  Even the platforming sections are much easier to master than those in the first three games.Fortunately, there are additional modes, such as the duel mode and tower mode.  Duel mode is self-explanatory, and tower mode is about surviving as long as possible while navigating from floor to floor.  Tower mode unlocks more characters for the duel mode as well as the story mode.  After beating the game in my first sitting, I was able to play through with characters like Linda and Abobo.  I think there are around 20 to 30 characters to unlock, and they all play differently.Sadly, what the game seems to lack the most is polish.  This game is no Mega Man 9.  Whereas that title went way back, and seemed to refine the series down to archaic perfection, this game could've simply been so much more.  The cutscenes and story are laughable, even for a Double Dragon game.  The original series had a bit of passion to it, despite its simple story, but you'll probably find yourself skipping over the cutscenes just to crack some more skulls open.I think a lot of folks may simply write this one off just for being Double Dragon.  The recent IGN review of this game did so, and personally I thought they put down a horse for being horse, if you catch my drift. I've heard others mention the simple A.I., the somewhat-tricky hit-detection, and the overall cheesiness of the game.  I'm not going to critique those things, because for me that's what sets Double Dragon apart.  It's fun to bash the heck out of numb-skull enemies, as dumb as they are.  The music is tacky, and the game has that sort of 80's kung-fu / Mad Max feel to it.  I'm okay with that.  That's what Double Dragon is.  It's an acquired taste, and most NES-era gaming fans I talk to either seem to love it or hate it.I like the game.  It could've been better, but it could've been far worse.  It won't go down as a classic, but it's certainly worth $6.99, IF you're a Double Dragon fanatic.  Like I said earlier, there are better, and more accessible, beat-em-ups out there.  I recommend trying those first.  But if you've seen videos and feel gravitated towards it, then it might be worht your time.  It's a fun hour or two-hour romp, and pulling off those big-finisher moves still feels great, especially with so many to choose from.Finally, I highly recommend trying Double Dragon Neon if you want to support this series - That game is much longer, has more replayability, as well as an RPG-like system for upgrading your character - plus excellent co-op, and a hilarious, self-aware story as well.  I'll still give Arc System Works kudos for trying though, and this oddball entry deserves a few rounds from dedicated fans of the series."
,Recommended,528610,29763605,Posted: 7 February,all,The Trippy Pyro (MPH! MPH! MPH!),"while i reccommend this game, do note it is only for double dragon fans. it is VERY clunky though oddly really fun. if i had to choose between this or neon for a newcomer, get neon, then play advance, then try the original trilogy, then come back to this one.the music isn't great, but there is an option to use the superior 8-bit tracks... which i reccommend."
,Recommended,528610,29726071,Posted: 5 February,all,MindfulOcean,"Double Dragon IV is missing only one thing:  online multiplayer.  If you are fan of the classic Double Dragon games and that doesn't bother you, snap this game up immediately.  It improves on the classic formula in every possible way.  Two minor things to note is that the mouse cursor remains on the screen even in full screen (move it to the corner) and there is no explicitly given option for fullscreen (pressing Alt + Enter works just fine)."
76561198255408008,Recommended,528610,30012623,Posted: 18 February,all,robofishguts,"If you know what you're getting - an NES game based on DD2 with a dedicated jump button - you already know if you'll like this. Great music, perfect nostalgia trip. Thumbs up!Let's hope that now they have the rights, Arcsys are going to do more with the franchise; Rage of Dragons 2, please!"
,Recommended,528610,30047761,Posted: 19 February,all,INTERDIMENSIONAL PSYCHIC VAMPIRE,"This is a throwback to the NES beat-em-up days.  I am personally a huge fan of the genre, so I loved this game.  The game feels quite a bit like DD2.  The game isn't very long or difficult, but if you're a fan of other DD games, you'll find that this is a good value."
,Recommended,528610,29599098,Posted: 30 January,all,Epic Squid,"This game plays up to the homage of the NES ports of Double Dragon. Glad to see some old characters and see some new enemies pop up as well. To change window size press F2 (one is full screen) played and finished story with Retro BGM, will try story again with modern BGM. Don't like the controls? You can configure to your liking and advantage. There are bugs like sticky movement (happened twice) and hope any other bugs get ironed out in an update. Story felt mediocre at best, I felt they could do a better job at the story and cut scenes. A few things were missing like the hand chime, but it doesn't take away from the game much. Level layout was nicely done, as they brought back some platform ideas from the first 2 games. ABOBO! I miss the original Abobo very much lol. They snuck in a level select in the game (press start if you are using an Xbox One Controller) which was nice addition if you die and want to continue the story. The real treat was unlocking tower mode, where you defeat enemies and advance in the tower in an endurance round. I got up to level 44 once. You also get to unlock a HUGE cast of fully playable characters with unique movesets for use in the tower. Crossing fingers they put Abore in the tower somewhere (ya know, the Schwarzenegger lookalike they put in DD2 ) There's a versus mode in case you want to duke it out with a friend as well. While I can't give a 100% to the game, Its still highly reccomended to play, and hopefully they will do updates and bug fixes to correct some of the issues in the game."
76561197970591881,Recommended,528610,29675310,Posted: 3 February,all,Spiele mit Lenkrad,Perfect double dragon sequel.If you need flashy ironic 80s callbacks go for double dragon neon.If you love the originals and played them as a kid and enjoy them to this day go for this one.
,Recommended,528610,29625185,Posted: 1 February,all,airmaverick,"Up, jump, cyclone spin kick, down, jump, cyclone spin kick. Repeat. Occasional Hyper Knee for good measure!Finally we have a sequel to the most rad NES co-op beat 'em up game of the 80s/90s! Now includes awesome modern day features like:A dedicated jump buttonMultiple Abobo's at onceAbilty to kick in front of the bodyGreen Abobo'sPixels that don't flash or tearGrey Abobo's..And many more Abobo related features to numerous to mention here! ;)"
76561198110471727,Not Recommended,528610,31074380,Posted: 11 April,all,Tony_030,"DISAPPOINTING :I don't think I have ever been more disappointed about a Double Dragon game , and I bought Neon ! This is not a ""love-letter to the Double Dragon fans"" , this is a crock-pot of pure awful . This was more of a spit in the face than a decent sequel to... any game . It controls like a bad fangame made on GameMaker , the music is possibly the worst ( what sounds like ) Midi I've heard yet , and the over all use of random videogame sprites just ties it all together as absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥. I'm sorry , I love the original 3 games on Nes , except a little less love for Rosetta Stone , but this is saddening . You know your game is going to be a flop when Double Dragon NEON controls better !I saw a trailer for this and got so hyped to buy it . I went to GameStop to buy a Steam Card with my birthday money (as of writing this , today was my birthday) and came home as quickly as I could to purchase this and Darkest Dungeon . As soon as I got to the 3rd level in this game , I lost all hope . I couldn't believe they tried to actually pawn this off on the few remaining fans of the series . I can't express how disgusted I felt when playing through this , nothing was the same . The sounds were off , controls were wonky , enemies could put you in stun-lock harder than they could in DD2 and the cutscenes- jesus , those cutscenes . There is almost no emotion or passoin in the game . Everything sounds dull and forced . IF this was a fangame that somehow got placed on Steam , I can only congradulate you on actually making it here . Now , I'm probably not going to refund it just so I can have this abomination under my belt to prove to others that this is NOT worth 6 dollars . Go buy yourself a 7-11 pizza , it's worth $5-Tony_030/404 whatever you want to call me"
76561197995508246,Not Recommended,528610,30887749,Posted: 1 April,all,Ratastok,"Extremely dissapointingThe game would probably be a great game if there was actually some care put into it but as it is, I really not recommened it.The dev did a good job as far as the look, the music and the overall gameplay goes.... However, there is way too many problems for the game to be enjoyable:* The controls are very stiff & clunky. Character feel hard to move around especially when compared to Double Dragon 1 & 2 on NES.* Controllers stop working in the middle of a play very often.* Numerous soft locl or freezes* Poor care of modern options such as resolution or volume controls or a terribly cheap and badly explained system of level selection.Frankly, it is very sad to realize the production value of the NES game were way better... 30 years ago...If the devs revisit the game and add a bit more polish, I'm sure the game would be really good. The potential is clearly present."
,Not Recommended,528610,30932300,Posted: 3 April,all,WizWar100,"Short story: Don't waste your money on this.Long Story:Could have been a great return to playing the double dragon classics like Double Dragon 2 on NES. But this game is just really repetitive and bland. It plays like DD2 but without the fun design and balance with the game. How bad is it? Well...I'd rather play Double Dragon 3 on NES. Yes I'm dead serious, I would rather play DD3 than DD4. It's at least shorter and is more memoriable.DD4 just has you fighting a load of enemies or bosses on screen at times and it just gets really dull because you're almost always fighting on some flat surface. Yes there are some hazards in the game you can throw your enemies into but there's very little. Also the game is disappointing because it's so tied to the past that it did nothing to improve or reinvent the gameplay to where it's fresh but familiar. You're just playing DD2 if they just added more padding. Also the platforming or hazards you encounter are just not enjoyable to go through, and unmemoriable. Also an uncool part of the game is that there is a level select that you the player will have no way of knowing. I only knew about it when a buddy told me about it because we kept losing lives from the nonsense in this game.The only good parts are the game looking nostalgic, the music sounding nostalgic it has a pretty neat alternate music type to listen to. Yes there's also a lot of 'content' but it's not that good...I feel bad for my friend who bought this for us to play, because he was excited to see what the original creators brought for the fans to play. Turns out it's just a cheap cash in."
,Not Recommended,528610,29596034,Posted: 30 January,all,Pagan,I would love to recommend this game except I've yet to manage to play it properly.Menu controls are counter intuitive to the point of being annoying using ESDX and H instead of the simple arrow keys and enter. Controller support is lackluster. Attempting to config your controller options causes it to auto assign half the keys to the wrong buttons and has no option to go back and change them. You can only attempt to redo the config to only have it auto map half of them again.Wait a few weeks before considering this a purchase for anything other than the incredible music.
76561198073975602,Recommended,528610,29609322,Posted: 31 January,all,Murilo,"DDII from NES is better in almost every way, except it has less moves and characters, and less stages than this new one.But the level design alone destroyed this game for me.It has both fighting and platforming. But rarely together or balanced, something that we had and was fun in DDII. But considering the price, it was worth it for a little fun, but somewhat disappointing.Good- more moves- more characters- You can play  as the unlocked characters in the story mode- Good music and ok sound- Good graphics in its style- Control is ok if you were good in DDII, otherwise you might hate it.Bad- Most parts are boring, small 1 or 2 screen levels with no relevant platforming or pits- Bosses don't feel like bosses, just another guy to beat up.- Final battle is boring at best.- Default controls suck but can be redefined, but it hurts even to do that. It's a mess."
76561198057646052,Recommended,528610,29601343,Posted: 31 January,all,bomberpunk,"I lucked out and accidentally found out about this game today, on release day! I've always loved the Double Dragon series (minus the TV cartoon) and always thought that the NES ""Double Dragon II: The Revenge"" is a masterpiece. To see character sprites lifted from a game that I still play from start to finish (quite a few times every year, I might add) excited me to no end.The game starts off easy but by Mission 5 you get swarmed on nearly every screen. I've made it to Mission 9 on my very first playthrough before running out of lives/continues. Since you can start a new game on the last mission you've completed, I was able to make it to the final battle in Mission 12. Thank God, because I never want to play Mission 10 ever again in life. Ridiculously long.One thing I do miss is the back kick from DD2, but there's a reverse punch in addition to the headbutt and a short/quick jumpkick. That could have been my back kick button.Most of your favorite characters, from both versions of Linda to the green Abobo, are there. I didn't see Abore or the ninja though, but there are several characters from all three NES DD games.I'll amend this review with further playing.."
76561198068392282,Recommended,528610,29775866,Posted: 7 February,all,CUTTA,This game is great i love it its everything i expected there was a long wait for this one but we got a true double drogon sequel...YEEEEEAAAAAA!!!!!!  bring on RIVER CITY RANSOM UNDGROUND NOW !!
76561198042128540,Recommended,528610,30094984,Posted: 22 February,all,Jason Dean,"If you like old school beat em ups then get it. Best 7 bucks ever, it's cheaper than a meal. Great time to spend a Friday night."
,Recommended,528610,30046678,Posted: 19 February,all,Autumchild,"If you played the Double Dragon games on the arcade or NES, then you'll pick up this game very quickly.  It's a lot of fun, and the controls are very smooth.  I'll admit, the floatiness of the jump threw me off for a bit, but it works very well with the mechanics of the game, and you get used to it very quickly.The story is much more simpler that even Double dragon II, but I think that works very much to the games advantage as the themes of each stage work with the story.There are a few hit detection and balance issues with some of the enemies, but I feel it gives some of the NES difficulties.  Not a bad thing, but not a good thing either.  I would still reccomend this game to anyone who likes Double Dragon."
76561198105543715,Recommended,528610,29685456,Posted: 3 February,all,AndrewJ,It's good and stuff but a few problems can't get my classic controller to work correctly and no options to use fullscreen
76561198001559697,Recommended,528610,29596397,Posted: 30 January,all,ChaosOMEGA,"well after playing it for 30 mins i noticed the game is glitched  if you go all the way to the bottom of the screen enemies cant get you oh if you  WANT FULLSCREEN HIT,  ALT ENTER...yeah for 6.99 its not a bad buy but i feel they could have done more with this game like online coop less bugs..I only recommend this game for nostalgia factor that is about it.. By the time you get to the last level you're fingers will hiurt for kicking so much♥♥♥♥♥and abobo will♥♥♥♥♥♥you in the last stage."
,Recommended,528610,29703667,Posted: 4 February,all,Sanada,This game was a lot of fun although much easier than Double Dragon 2 on which it is based.
76561198116537808,Recommended,528610,31028292,Posted: 8 April,all,geeserugal99,"Fantastic game if you were a fan of the Double Dragon games back in the 80's and early 90's. I actually find this game a fair bit easier than some of the old double dragon games and the addition of a jump button makes the platforming sections a hell of a lot easier than on the old nes versions. Also works perfectly with my dual shock plugged in via a usb adaptor. As another reviewer mentioned, alt+enter gives you full screen.The game gives you a choice of music, either old 8-bit style or a more modern version that reminds me of the old 'arranged' versions of soundtracks you would get on the early cd rom based consoles like the turbo grafix cd or neo geo cd. A range of playable enemy charaters once you beat levels rounds out this package nicely.I definitely feel that some of the bad reviews on here are judging this game from the viewpoint of expecting it to be more 'modern' rather than a continuation of where double dragon 3 left off, but I think they are missing the point. After all it is called double dragon IV. I wonder how many of these people leaving bad reviews actually grew up in the 80's and played the double dragon games when they were first being released? If you want a more modern updated double dragon game then try double dragon neon, also available cheaply on steam.Hopefully this game will be a great success and encourage other publishers to put out more polished retro titles like this."
,Recommended,528610,29611148,Posted: 31 January,all,RetroJoe,"This a great throwback to the old Double dragon games. Controls feel perfect, combat and music is great. I love this game already."
76561198002450835,Recommended,528610,29659339,Posted: 2 February,all,Nutlaw,"This game is very old school, as promised. Most like Double Dragon 2 without even some of the more advanced combat from the third game. It's fairly easy, given the number of lives and continues, plus the restart on any level you've beaten before (press the pause/enter button on the main menu). It remains a terrible platformer, but those types of puzzles are fortunately limited and not terribly difficult. It has an absurd number of playable characters, which is fantastic, and a few decent game modes. Unfortunately, the release version screws up attempts to use a PS4 controller by automapping the up and down buttons to something you can't press, so that was a little disappointing.Fun as nostalgia for anyone who liked the original NES or arcade games. Not engaging enough for anyone else. Double Dragon Neon was a much better game and the parody was a slicker choice than the straight imitation of this option, but I enjoyed both."
,Recommended,528610,29601505,Posted: 31 January,all,Star Stealing Girl,"If you enjoy retro style looks and enjoy the Double Dragon series, then I highly recommend getting this game. The game is fairly priced and has alot of fun replay options when you beat certain challenges. The choice of listening to music in retro is there or to an arranged sound. Both seem to sound great. It would hae been nice to offer a choice to slightly enhanced the looks to go along with the arranged music but it doesn't deterioate from the game at all. One thing to notice is that there is no option to play full screen but it can still be done by pressing alt+enter.The challenge is there as you progress. The characters have no arrsenals they use. It seems easy at first but it picks up at the later levels. Nonetheless, get to brawling the bad guys. It's super fun. Especially with friends."
,Recommended,528610,29616983,Posted: 31 January,all,✩☠✩BLOOD DRAGON✩☠✩,"Ignore the negative reviews, most have about 0.3 hours average on the game meaning they most likely gave up because TEH GAME IS MUCH TOO HARDS! WAAAAH! but for me? this is an awesome Double Dragon game! it's hard yes! but it is so much fun!The controls can be a bit stiff yes, but so were the original games, and yes enemies can gang up on you and it can be unfair, but you know what? that happens in the original Arcade games too, don't believe me? Go buy Double Dragon Trilogy, I guarantee you will ragequit within an hour!I enjoyed this game lots, sure the platforming parts made me rage at times with the awkward controls, but I still enjoyed it! definitely worth a visit and very satisfying when you get further each time you play!Protip: Play with a controller, F2 changes window size and alt+enter makes it fullscreen (I mean come on...if you don't know the alt+enter trick by now you shouldn't be gaming on a PC!)"
76561198044196973,Recommended,528610,29616476,Posted: 31 January,all,Marauderz,"So.. its a faithful reproduction of an NES game. So you have the cheesy over damage characthers, the cheap platforming deaths, and the fact that you still don't have any way to block or avoid attacks. If you loved the old game, yup, this is the one for you without a doubt."
76561198029356387,Recommended,528610,29617357,Posted: 31 January,all,BlueIce76,"Great Game, has some problems but nothing a patch or two can't fix. I wish it had ONLINE play and a QUIT option.I give this game a 10/10   A+"
76561198307436532,Recommended,528610,29618694,Posted: 31 January,all,mrtonystanley,"MUSIC: Ok, some decent original music as well as some Double Dragon 'classics'. Can switch between retro & modern style. The sound effects aren't perfect sometimes, seem to be pretty much the same as DD2.GRAPHICS: Alright, like Double Dragon 2. (Maybe with some more colours here & there). Retro 8 bit style, nothing amazing.PRESENTATION: Alright. There's a story with an intro, cutscenes & ending (though the story's not had much effort put into it), with 'nods' to past Double Dragon titles, which is nice to see. This game is obviously tailored to retro DD nostalgia fans, after all. The ending seems to end a little 'abruptly', though.GAMEPLAY: Fine. The controls & hit detection seem fine. Some of the levels are kinda short, but there's a decent amount of levels. The levels seem to start easier & progressively get harder, as they should. There's no online play, which seems a shame. There is local 2 player. After you've beaten a level, you can then start the game from the last level you beat, with all your lives & continues replenished, which is a thoughtful touch. The moves at your disposal are the same as DD2, plus a couple more, which is good. It's good that air juggle combos are in this game, as that is something you can't do in any of the N.E.S. Double Dragons. Jumping is made easier as it's assigned to just 1 button, another plus. Special attacks from a crouched position are now easier to do-some may see that as a bad thing but I don't. (Especially when a lot of enemies are attacking you at the same time) The relative ease of which some enemies can knock you down combined with when you are being attacked by many enemies at once may seem 'cheap' to some, but the game isn't unbeatable.The game varies from being like a traditional scrolling beat 'em up where you can move up, down, left & right, to being 2D on a horizontally flat ground where you can walk just left & right, and there's also platforming sections dotted here & there to make fighting bad guys over & over less monotonous. A lot of people don't like the platforming sections in Double Dragon games & say they're very difficult, but in this game I think their difficulty is well balanced. When you beat story mode, it unlocks 'Tower Mode', a high score, level ascending challenge with wave after wave of bad guys. As you progress through the game, you can unlock a wide variety of characters to play as too, with varying move sets (some can run, some have a fast retreating dash, some have projectiles), which gives the game some replay value.OVERALL: Although it seems that maybe this isn't a deadly serious legit chapter in the Double Dragon story, and it doesn't exactly push the envelope & revolutonise scrolling beat 'em ups (4 player, 2.5D, interspersing the play with mascot fighting or tournament fighting style gameplay are some possibilities), I can recommend this game to retro style beat 'em up fans, especially for the price I got it for (about £5.50), & I reckon it's better than Double Dragon 3."
76561198363132885,Recommended,528610,29619025,Posted: 31 January,all,astroheiheihei,"A nice game and nostalgia.At first, the enemies could be easy to handle. But later...they're a bit crazy. Honestly, with only 5 credits it could be somewhat difficult to complete the story from mission 1 to mission 12. However, it is good that I can jump to arbitray mission using CTRL+Enter :)"
76561197972025376,Recommended,528610,29654783,Posted: 2 February,all,justintd,"Anyone giving this a thumbs down because it's windowed doesn't know PCs. Simply press Alt-Enter to switch to full screen in any game that doesn't have a full screen option in its menus. This game is worth the full price. It's only $6.99. You unlock more playable characters (for vs. mode) after each level you beat. There are short still-image cut scenes between levels. The controls are a little confusing, but I've only played for 30 min so far. Moves seem to happen randomly sometimes, but, then again, this is Double Dragon."
,Recommended,528610,32834775,Posted: 26 June,all,PasterOfMuppets,"I honstly was expecting a little bit more from a continuation of Double Dragon.  To me anyway, it felt more like a rom hack then a stand alone game, although some of the features were cool.  Controls are really wonky and feel stiff and unresponsive at times, which isn't good considering some of the platforming sections.  Those details I can look over, but the ending to IV.... let's just say I would rank it up there with Halo 2 for worse ending to a video game ever.  I do recommend IV soley for the nostalgic NES look, but if you're looking for the next great chapter in the Double Dragon saga, you're gonna be disappointed"
,Recommended,528610,30090879,Posted: 21 February,all,Son of Little Riki Jr. the 2nd,Thank you for making this.
,Recommended,528610,29597623,Posted: 30 January,all,cheese,"I got 50,000 on Double Dragon!?10/10 would save Marion again."
,Not Recommended,528610,29638430,Posted: 1 February,all,Yozora_Ai,"Only buy this when you are distinctively like the original Double Dragon and have it almost EXACTLY like how it was. This game barely makes any improvement over original Double Dragon for NES. It plays, controls, balances and feels like original game with same pros and cons. This is intentional, but that doesn't change the fact that it's 2017 and this kind of gameplay is only good for oldschool nostalgia, never for someone who actually want some cool gameplay changes.. who actually want classic game with modern twist. This isn't exactly a bad thing for someone who want this, so if you ARE Double Dragon fan, this will satisfy you... but this is pertty niche for what Arc System Works did, so for general audience, I do not recommend this."
76561198104476994,Not Recommended,528610,33302127,Posted: 5 July,all,Mysterious Bull,"Feels AmateurishPros:+ NES DD2 nostalgia+ Same DD2 moves with some new ones+ Good controlsCons:- Poor level designs- Poor enemy AI- Platform parts are meanigless- Hit box is a bit unforgiving- Story is uninteresting with lame dialog- Doesn't feel innovativeDD4 will take you a bit down memory lane with the graphics and music of the NES DD2. But, I can't help but to feel like it was a lazy cash grab. While there are some new moves added to the old ones in DD2, there just aren't moments were you will use them. You can go through the game with the DD2 moves just fine and won't miss the new moves. The levels are boring with dumb AI jumping into pits. Some of the enemies die too quickly(I didn't know throwing a bat could be so deadly). The story introduces female twins, the equivalent of DD, but their purpose in the story is really lame with terrible, corny dialog. I wouldn't be surprised if the game was created by some interns. I feel like the developers were too scared to take a risk and make something unique. If you want to play DD, I recommend that you play the GameBoy Advance version, the best in the series in my opinion, And, a version that should receive a proper remake."
,Recommended,528610,29640201,Posted: 1 February,all,The Shamemaker,Cheesy and nostalgic.  Worth the few bucks they're charging.
76561198146424718,Not Recommended,528610,30439406,Posted: 10 March,all,Kingsman Candarian,Having customizable controls and functioning well doesn't stop the fact that Double dragon 2 absolutely destroys this easy waste of time. 4/10
,Recommended,528610,29597014,Posted: 30 January,all,USSR-Ruby,"Double Dragon - No need of extra explains,classic is back!Knee crush is back from DD2,We can crush enemies with knee again!But difficulty is increased - yea,let's spell... I.N.C.R.E.A.S.E.D. New enemies,new bosses,and...traps.(Hmm...some of same bosses are duplicated in different scene no?5 Abobos?!)Maybe default key is sucks,but you can change the key no?Spend time,enter the think time.And pd:You can find the shadows of TJC games - DD1,2,3 and Nekketsu series(especially Nekketsu Kouha series)."
,Recommended,528610,29616946,Posted: 31 January,all,Chaotix,"Superb! Excellently designed and developed in the original NES style. Looks, plays and sounds like the trilogy you remember. Difficulty is nicely paced, it starts off fairly painless and eventually becomes pretty tough. A great release which more than makes up for the lacklustre 'Neon' and truely terrible and half-baked 'Trilogy'. The only thing it's lacking really is online co-op."
76561198093115361,Recommended,528610,29600186,Posted: 30 January,all,ahardy126,"Buy it! More enemies, more levels, more moves what more could you want?"
,Recommended,528610,29596717,Posted: 30 January,all,MentalAsPants,"For $7 you're getting a game twice as long as Double Dragon II on the NES.It doesn't have Online Co-Op, but for $7 it has;- Duel Mode (1v1)- Story/Arcade Mode (You can unlock the normal enemies in the game, as playable characters in Duel Mode)- Endless Tower Mode (You can unlock the normal enemies in the game, as playable characters in Story Mode) for Points/Levels/Enemies killed.Story mode is decently long, but some parts can be a little cheap (Damn you returning jumping parts!) and like the previous games in the series you start seeing the same enemies again and again but thankfully the enemy roster has been bumped up quite a bit from DD1/2.If you like Retro stuff and enjoy Double Dragon 1 and/or 2 on the NES, and realise you're getting basically another one of those then you'll be happy.  If you are expecting to invest 10 hour long sessions then buy Pillars of Eternity."
76561198005851011,Recommended,528610,29878946,Posted: 12 February,all,temp,"A pretty solid beat'em up in the Double Dragon franchise. It was clearly designed to be base of Double Dragon II, from the special techniques to the reuse of many of its assets.That being said, the controls for the game don't feel quite as stiff as DD II, and it doesn't use its ""punch in one direction, kick in the other"" control set up. Special moves can be done like in II, with the Lee brothers Flying Knee, Hyper Uppercut, and Cyclone Kick coming back, but they also added moves that can be done from at standing posion as well, so you don't have to constantly jump or rely on the knee or uppercut as wakeup counters. I do recommend using a controller to play, the keyboard controls are strange.If you're playing for story...well I got through the story within an hour or two of installing, so it's extremely short with short dialogue custcenes between missions.The levels in story mode are a mix of standard pseudo 3D beat'em up action, interspersed with 2D combat and platforming. The platforming is likely the reason why you're going to get killed since they tend to either a) hurt like nothing else or b) flat out kill you with knockback. Not something I missed from the older games.While the game is lenient with lives (3 lives per continue with 5 credits for continues), they make up for the difficulty by not only having the killer platforming, but alot of the new enemies introduced also have special techniques that can wreck you if you are careless or unlucky. Despite that this game still MUCH less frustrating to get through compared to the first one, which I only ever completed once due to some rather unfair RNG regarding that...murder wall in the last mission.Yeah that thing makes a unwlecome comback too..There is also a 2 player mode accessible from the get-go, and a Tower Mode, where you try to survive as many rounds of the tower as possible. Both story mode and survial mode unlocks new fighters for use in story, tower and 2P mode. While unlockable characters have roughly the same controls, their special moves and damage output appears to vary between them.If you make it far enough in the tower, you get to fight some other familar faces from the older games, and you unlock them if you win.As far as looks, it's 8 bit but too colorful to be on the NES.Summary: This game is exactly what it wants to be; a sequel to the NES Double Dragon games, with a ll of the same  length, tropes and frustrations, but the relatively lower difficulty and extra content will give you some repaly value once you unlock everything. For $7.00 game it's a pretty good deal, just remember this is an ""NES"" game, so it will be somewhat short and difficult."
76561198352176691,Recommended,528610,29813980,Posted: 9 February,all,Jerther,"About what I've been waiting for all those years. It's just hard enough, and fun to play. Lots of new artwork and music. On the minus side, there are also lots of reused sprites and music and the game feels a bit cheap. Also, even though there are lots of moves that are easily done, it feels out of control at times. Like when chaining knee jumps: once started, you can't turn around like in DDII. Lots of enemies that gang up on you, great challenge, and no sprite limit ;)With all that said, for under ten bucks, it is WELL worth the money!"
,Recommended,528610,29901198,Posted: 13 February,all,Suds1979,"I'm enjoying this game. If you played & liked the prior Double Dragons as a kid, you're probably get a kick out of this game. I like this particular version because there are a few new moves added and most of all you can unlock characters to play as... I've always wanted to play as Abobo.I think price has to be taken into account. This game is ridiculously cheap at 6.99. That puts it right in line for the type of games where I have about 10 minutes to play or so and cannot dedicate too much time or attention to. You just want to get in, beat some guys up & be on your way. I love these type of casual games."
76561198201458591,Recommended,528610,29634560,Posted: 1 February,all,mrbungl2003,awesome this should have been on the nes !!!!!!!!!!buy this and kick♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,528610,29669840,Posted: 3 February,all,HulkosaurusMex,"up,up,down,down,left,right,left,right,A,B,B,A,Start for your levels you beat saves haha i remember writing down codes for my saves love this game thank you for making it. my bro and I just beat story and now on to tower"
,Recommended,528610,29674789,Posted: 3 February,all,ragegauge21,"Not too bad, but needs work.AI difficulty is too high. The fact that they can gang up on you makes it even worse.The control tends to stick in different directions. Not very helpful when your at the platforming sections."
,Recommended,528610,29665950,Posted: 3 February,all,knightimex,"Very solid title.Think of this game as if the NES had a baby with a Sega Genesis.It's more like a 12-bit? game.Not as good as an actual 16-bit console but looks better than an 8-bit.(Don't over think the ""bits"" part, just go with it!)It's the most engaging Double Dragon out of the 8-bit counterparts.Moves are VERY easy to execute and you can have an actual JUMP button! WOOO!I know, right? A jump button!?!?? Thats some new age tech right there! *ahem* Sorry.Not only that but you can map 3 special moves along with punch, kick, and the Jump to any button you like.Quite fun and definitely has that 8-bit Double Dragon feel going for it. Soo Good!But there are some slight negatives to the game.* The game feels like a B-tier fan made title. Not a bad thing by any means but it doesn't feel as fleshed out as it could be.* As of this review there really isn't any proper way to exit out of the game back into windows.*  Some functions like how to select missions after a gameover is not clear at all as nothing tells or shows you how to do it.* Sounds effects are not up to par with music but this is a very minor complaint and not much of a issue or problem really.* Some levels end suddendly after defeating all enemies and it really makes you say ""Ok.....so that was the end of the stage??""Despite these flaws I did enjoy this game FAR MORE than double dragon 2 and I consider 2 the absolute best in the series.If you enjoyed DD2 then there is very high chance you'll like this title; probably even more so!Worth it!"
76561197987691793,Recommended,528610,29661702,Posted: 2 February,all,Jabby Vicinity,"Don't let bad reviews from people who only like new games or 3d graphics fool you, this game has great controls, great graphics, and plays fantastic with a dynamic a.i. that is no pushover. This is not just walk left and press attack. Players will actually have learn all the techniques and use them carefully to beat the game.  The price is right, and it runs great at least I havent had any issues."
76561197990855491,Recommended,528610,29675623,Posted: 3 February,all,Kurraak,"As a long time fan of the double dragon series, overall, I think its a great game.  I don't feel ripped off or anything by paying 9 bucks for it.  Unlocking stuff in the game like tower mode among other things offers a great amount of replay value if you like the double dragon series."
,Recommended,528610,29615773,Posted: 31 January,all,1ch4b0d,A true sequel to the NES Double Dragon games.Everything about this game is great. It has a story mode that can be played 1 player who is able to choose either Billy or Jimmy or 2 player cooperative or cooperative where you can have friendly fire. You're also able to choose which player 1 or player 2 is Billy or Jimmy which I believe is a series first.The two player duel mode is great to settle scores with your homie. The further you get in the story the more characters you unlock with the duel.Inevtiably when you beat the game you unlock a tower/survival mode that allows you to unlock all the enemies for the story mode.This is incredibly well thought out beat em up that is an homage and direct sequel to the NES Double Dragon.At a price of $6.99 I bought three copies and gave them out to friends as gifts.Pick this game up.
,Recommended,528610,30326374,Posted: 4 March,all,Ice Cream Jonsey,"Great game, exactly what it claims to be. It really is the fourth Double Dragon game and if you spent any time with the others you'll be right at home. Please ignore the gaggle of bleating manchildren crying about the one game on Steam not pretending to be more than it is, this is great."
,Recommended,528610,29596709,Posted: 30 January,all,rabish12,"This game is very much Double Dragon, down to the ridiculous platforming deathtraps and the constant stunlocking.  If you didn't like those, don't get this game.This game also currently has a bug that causes directional inputs to ""stick"" occasionally.  This causes your character to move in that direction automatically and can also cause some moves to fail to come out.  You can fix that by using the keyboard controls or mapping a controller with Joy2Key.Other than that, this is just a better Double Dragon 2 and I mean that in the best possible way.  Truly the best game in the ""violent"" genre."
76561198272980979,Recommended,528610,29619701,Posted: 31 January,all,exsnuggly,"Man i wish action fighters could come back on the main stream. The game is great with enough moves to keep you happy. All the characters had different moves to give the game personalty. But it does have its problems like they put platforming in some areas that hogged up continues and lives. I don't know why they had to go Super Mario Bros on us maybe they forgot this are the Dragon Bros not the Super Mario Bros. Also they had 5 continues (ment for the arcade era but thats over Know) that will hurt the replay value of the game. The mass majorty of the madern day gamers aren't going to start over just because they lost. Gamers today just are not going to bother with it (work, school, socializing, etc) they should patch and remove the continues and just let gamers enjoy themselves, also wish they had the money to make the game beautful and animate it better to attrack more people. Other than that i would say pick it up you will enjoy yourself and have a great gaming experiance."
76561198124975181,Recommended,528610,29597079,Posted: 30 January,all,Drivetodie,gameplay is good but how do i full screen the video?
,Recommended,528610,29597984,Posted: 30 January,all,NachoManDandySavage,"Pay's tribute to the old DD2, buttons are a bit janky to work out but are configurable, I couldn't get my ps4 control to work though for some strange reason, also theres a bug to just stand at the bottom and the enemies cannot get you, which is a bit of a copout.nevertheless still worth the price tag and loads of fun.PS doesn't have Arnie or the guy I used to think looked like Danny Trejo."
,Recommended,528610,29597448,Posted: 30 January,all,blazor56,"I grew up playing double dragon 2 and 3 alot back on the NES. This game definately brings nostalgia for me and is a faithful 8 bit sequel that controls well with all the old DD2 combos that I remember still working the same way. It does have technical problems like the not being able to play full screen and the bad menu navigation for controller mapping being almost non responsive.Other things I was dissapointed by were the soundtrack which is not as memorable except for maybe a couple of tracks and is recycled in a few stages. DD2 and 3 never had recycled music and that made it refreshing. Also no online play is a massive let down come on guys.On the plus side the gameplay is tight , combos work well  and certain enemies get challenging at later levels. The difficulty feels just right , I don't remember facing this many Abobos before!! . The story is passable but nothing noteworthy , Its better than nothing.I have been clamoring for a game like this for years and its finally arrived. I'm pretty sure the bugs will be ironed out eventually and this will end up being an awesome game. It might not appeal to the younger folks but the gameplay has stood the test of time. Thanks Arc system works and technos I hope we get another sequel soon."
,Recommended,528610,29609629,Posted: 31 January,all,sw1ff3,"was very disturbed..  i first launched the game and the controls were so absurd i had a hard time figuring my way around.  I finally got the control redefine thing, and it didnt make sense.  there were like 10 buttons to define, but seemingly only 7 inputs.  I struggled through this, guessing which button did what.  FINALLY i started the game with my buttons out of wack and realized the resolution was the problem!  i made the game windowed instead of full screen, and realized the redefine keys were the arrows, some diagonal (which is totally unneeded but hey).  Finally, i started the game.  I love it.  This game was nearly ruined by the poor design, bad resolution, and totally absurd controls...  If you get frustrated defining keys etc, put it in windowed mode and then jam out."
76561197994608805,Not Recommended,528610,34842400,Posted: 9 September,all,Jazman2k,"I grew up playing NES and i remember renting DD2 from the local kiosk. Back in the early 90's,Just avoid this game. Trust me.The combat feeling is ""off"". The lack of ""oomph"".Sound effects are worse than on NESLevel design is way worse than in DD2 or DD3Enemies...Double Dragon was never about having 10 enemies on screen at once.Hit detection is god awful. Sometimes your tornado kick hits enemies even if they are far away.Super moves are too easy to pull off. Yes, this is a negative. You end up accidentaly using tornado kick or super knee even if you don't want to.Just avoid. Get DD Neon instead or stick to DD2 or DD3. This game just made me sad."
,Not Recommended,528610,34586386,Posted: 29 August,all,hdofu,"Finally a Double Dragon 4. Double Dragon 4 has been a mystery of gaming as it used to be mentioned in a few episodes of sitcoms back in the 90s through 00s,  The thing was unless you counted a bootleg version of Target Renegade or Super Double Dragon/Return of Double Dragon for the Super Nintendo/Super Famicom, it didn't actually exist.  There was a Double Dragon 5 however (which was a surprisingly gory followup mortal kombat clone based on the cartoon series).  This game is ok if you are looking for a followup to the NES titles particularly 2, it however it feels less agressive then the games its trying to followup.  Its hard to say buy it or don't as it might fill an itch you have or it might not.  Its more playable then the NES but it just seems easier."
76561198274044021,Not Recommended,528610,34847312,Posted: 9 September,all,FireGuy808,"Imagine, waiting from February 22, 1991 for Double Dragon IV, and NOW it is FINALLY HERE!!!!!. I have a Double Dragon II NES cartridge. I get what the people creating this game were going for. The old retro style gaming type. You know, the one with palette limitations and no battery pak to save games. One thing I found is that they ACTUALLY HAD BILLY KICK FORWARD (With the Double Dragon II sprites), I was not playing as Bimmy in this game :P, AND you actually cannot accidentally fall off of cliffs downard. There are new enemies and attacks in the game. They removed Arnold Shwarzenegger... This game gives you 5 credits/continues. I am not the best Double Dragon player out there, but I actually finally made it past Mission 7. When you are around bottomless pits you HAVE to be careful when getting up and attacking. I wasted a whole credit trying to kill 2 people around a bottemless pit. I died at around the last part of Mission 8. This game is at least not as tough as Double Dragon 1-3, but this would still need a save feature. To be honest I think this should be $4.99 as a fair price. And I also get that this is for the people that always play the original Double Dragon series and beat at least Double Dragon 1-2, but then that leaves out the people that are new to it in 2017, trying to crave their way to the final boss. Through all of this text, I can see this game was possibly rushed. As of this, I recommend this to people that have played the older games and NOT to people that are completely new to this game"
,Not Recommended,528610,35093410,Posted: 20 September,all,MLBlue,"Very disappointing sequel, doesnt really live up to the series.  Was able to get through an exploit where if you walk at the very top or at the very bottom, enemies dont touch you.  You cant touch them either untill you move on the plane where they are.  Just do some power moves, then walk back all the way up or down so they cant retaliate.  Rinse and repeat.  A dull effort that adds another nail in the coffin to this series."
76561198142235746,Recommended,528610,29659732,Posted: 2 February,all,Hit,"this game is amazing , good old beat em up with a lot of repay value , the tower mode is challenging and fun and a lot of unlockable characters."
,Recommended,528610,29596829,Posted: 30 January,all,Zazzaro,"It's about what you would expect from a double dragon game. It plays pretty much exactly like the NES games, namely DD2. The huge difference here is jumping is acutally responsive and not something that fails to work like you want it do at random times. The platforming is much easier because of it. If you like double dragon and have $6.99 to spare, go ahead and pick it up. I had to hit F-2 a few times to maximize the window and that alt-enter full screen and using an X-box 360 controller i had zero issues and no lag (just to respond to a few things i saw on the forums). Story mode had 12 missions, a lot longer than i was expecting.*Edit* Now that I've unlocked all achievements other than the floor 100 one, I can say that I enjoyed the game very much. It does have some issues but overall it's exactly what you would expect from an NES era Double Dragon game. Being able to play as all the characters and use their move sets was fun. Now that they have everything done and have a template, I hope they release a Double Dragon 5 or some DLC that adds another Campaign that improves upon what they already have created here."
76561198114264485,Not Recommended,528610,29599228,Posted: 30 January,all,nickkuh,"Not a good game, even if it released in the 8-bit era.The controller supporting is terrible too, I use the xboxone controller and the LT RT buttons are not functioning at all.The BGM is just average but you can change it to the retro style instead.There's also some tiny bugs in it, e.g. you can simply walk though the big box in the middle of the playfield like they're not exist.For a Chinese video game player my generation (1980s) is grown up with the classic NES titles like contra and double dragon (I also watched the originl double dragon in the arcade center when I was a little child) so we are happy to see those titles released to the next gen consoles or even enhanced to HD graphics.Wayforward technologies made double dragon neon and contra 4, these two games successfully shows that the retro titles will never fade away and they could be very fun among today's AAA games! I really hope the Japanese studios like ARC system works could wake up and learn something to made some good games in Japanese ways too, I know the good old days may never come back but this game (like contra hard corps 2010) bring me nothing...just an annoying feeling.So if you like the classic double dragon and even a neon player, don't waste you money on this."
76561197969842964,Not Recommended,528610,29780540,Posted: 8 February,all,Darkcola says TY! Artur!!!,"Well, its an ok game- but the levels are terrible. The fighting is a mod version of DD2 NES. If you have not religiously played this game when it came out or on an emulation of some kind and loved it, this game has no value for you.But, being forgiving as a fan is not what we are about here- the game definitely is poorly constructed for the following:- enemies are boring and ineffective.- levels are very very stale and uninspired- poor guidance on how to play the game- music is ok- first stage music is painful though.- combos are stale- you cannot make fun combos on your own- there is a very strict limit to how that works.- sounds: u would think they would put more punch into the sounds- and they lost the solid knock that happens when you kick upwards an enemy that you are holding by the hair/head.All in all, I did buy it, I'll play it a little while, then trash it- this will not make me remember the old days fondly. However- I just replayed NES DD2- and it is dated- it isnt a game that survives the test of time as well as what we made of it when we did play it."
76561198076097845,Recommended,528610,29922186,Posted: 14 February,all,ExplodiChris,"When a band gets older they release a few rubbish albums, get their haircut, open a Salmon farm. Then one day they remember why they got into making music in the first place, skip a few barber appointments, and release an album just like they did in their youth, expecting no one to buy it.This is the price of two beers (one in London), buy it.As a long term fan I wasn't happy with the last couple of re-boots. Neon wasn't a bad game but just didn't feel like Double Dragon, more like Bill & Teds Bogus Beat Em Up. There hasn't been a decent Double Dragon game since Advance on the GBA, which desperatly needs a re-release as its still the best game of the series. The second best game for me was DD2 on NES so this is totally welcome massively and I love it.If you're not a fan of old fashioned (see classic) gaming then you won't like this. There's no online multiplayer (which wouldn't have hurt) and the versus mode has no single player (which wouldn't have hurt) but the Tower/Survival mode is pretty addictive and gets really tough (which does hurt).This is a great follow up to Double Dragon 2, which I hope many people have been reintroduced to thanks to the popularity of the NES mini. Of course it is just more of the same but who doesn't like all the cool traps (were do street gangs get those wonderful toys?) or punching Abobo in his adorable grumpy face?"
76561198043020226,Recommended,528610,29930391,Posted: 14 February,all,retrotilt,"Great game and a solid purchase for any scrolling fighting game fan.  I love the 8bit visuals that really make this game feel like it could be played on a NES.  The music is also very catchy and reminds of playing Double Dragon back in the 80's.  The gameplay is simple and all the moves are easy to execute.  All the great enemies from the previous games in the series are present.  I just wish more thought was put into introducing the enemies, instead of just throwing handfuls of them onto the screen. One of my favorite video game moments from my childhood was first meeting Abobo on the original arcade Double Dragon, but this game sadly doesn't have the cool enemy intro sequences.  The enemy AI is also a bit too simple, but it's still fun to destroy large groups of bad guys.Overall, this is a fun game that won't disappoint fans of the series or genre.  It's probably not going to win the crown as the best Double Dragon game.  However, it's a fun game and worth playing thru a few times."
,Recommended,528610,32874000,Posted: 27 June,all,Gobaku,"Pretty good sequel, juste a bit awkward that it starts in windows mode"
76561198025386032,Recommended,528610,29636085,Posted: 1 February,all,Xane,Fun throwback to the NES Double Dragon games.
,Recommended,528610,29614535,Posted: 31 January,all,Smoke Fumus,"This is a decent enough game for what it's worth. You can definitely see that i's been made on a tight budget, but mechanics are solid, fighting is good and feels just as crisp as in double dragon 2 (although it's a bit rubbery in places), still worth buying. I mean for #### sake it's 9$ only."
,Recommended,528610,29596620,Posted: 30 January,all,ZombiePlasticClock,"Great nostalgia game for a great price, for those who miss old beat-em-up games. While the story is largely disposable, the gameplay is good old Double Dragon.The Good:+Visuals, aside from reused sprites from Double Dragon 2, look good. Billy and Jimmy have new attacks, new enemy types, and enviroments that look authentic to NES hardware.+Great Soundtrack, with alternate retro 8-bit versions available in the options menu.+Gameplay is similar to other Double Dragon games. While your milage may vary, fans of the series will like it.The Bad:-Feels too ""safe"". As in, this is certainly no Double Dragon Neon. It's a by-the-books Double Dragon game, with visuals and gameplay series veterans are used to.-""NES Hard"". The difficulty ramps up to absurd difficulties as you progress in the game. And without having to worry about sprite limit, the screen quickly fills with enemies surrounding you at all sides.-NO ONLINE MULTIPLAYER. This is a big one, as Double Dragon has always been a cooperative game. Unless you have friends willing to play couch co-op, the game is gonna be Solo Dragon IV for you.Tl:drAs a fan of the series, I can easily recommend this game to fans of beat-em-up style games. Anyone looking for a game with hours and hours of replay value, or something as funny as Double Dragon Neon may want to look elsewhere."
76561198042022232,Not Recommended,528610,29611518,Posted: 31 January,all,Retrofire,Wow....Just wow.... What have you done! This game is a stomach punch to my nostalgia. At first I was enjoying it for the first mission. Then I started seeing the crap it has become. Has this company even played the game? I loved the classic double dragon series on the nes. Especially Double Dragon II. Where r the sound effects? The helicopter has not sounds. The progression hand has no sounds. When your character gets knocked down. It takes way too long for him to get up. 1 to 2 seconds not 3. Then when you are doing the special 'knee kick' when you get up from a knock down. It lasts way too long. leaving you open to an attack. Also the flipping animation is floppy. And I am suprised that there isn't a save option so you can come back and play from where you left off. No u have to start from the begining again! What about a full screen option?  There are lots of other issues that I just don't have time to get into.One positive. The controls are pretty good. Much better than the original verion.Play the original game and fix the misstakes! A simple patch can make a world of differences!So until these issues are addressed I can not recommend this game. Sorry.
,Recommended,528610,29620713,Posted: 31 January,all,MayLava,Great music! Great action game!Exactly what I played 20 years ago! It reminds me of my childhood.Hope to see it on Mac soon.
,Not Recommended,528610,32775076,Posted: 25 June,all,TechnoWolf,"I usually finish my games before reviewing them.- I finished Mighty N°9 for example -This I won't :1) You need to import a configuration for your controller in order to be able to properly remap your buttons.2) enemies are recycled and thrown in bunch, even the big ones like Abobo, Burnov & Cody...3) musics are beyond forgettable4) Where are the bosses ?5) Levels are short as hell6) a Minor detail, but after Double Dragon III on NES there was :- Super Double Dragon aka Double Dragon IV on SNES- Double Dragon V on SNES (granted it was a bad clone of Street Fighter, instead of a beat em up)- Double Dragon Neon on Xbox 360, PS3 & PC- Double Dragon II something on Xbox Liveand just like the latter one, this game is pretty much forgettable in every department. I got this game on sale, I still feel robbed....What the hell happened, Arc ?CONCLUSION :Double Dragon Neon, it is not. Forget about ""nostalgia"" and go play Neon instead."
76561198298541554,Recommended,528610,32507969,Posted: 17 June,all,Mrbeefcurta1ns,"I kinda hate this game, but its fun to play and see how crappy it is, plus its cheap."
,Recommended,528610,29606211,Posted: 31 January,all,Pim #Baby Mario,one of my first video games ever played on Famicom/Nes my first video game console double dragon series TY for coming to pc 80's and 90's babies know all about this#Nostalgic moment
,Recommended,528610,29618259,Posted: 31 January,all,Laus da Space Chicken,ABOBO IN GAME! ABOBO SMASH PUNY HUMAN
,Not Recommended,528610,29690427,Posted: 4 February,all,eimaXe,"This game feels rushed, the NES Double Dragon 2 controls are better. I am so used to the turn around kick punch swap, it is not even selectable to set it that way within the options...There are no enemy wall bounce when you throw them to the way... There are no juggling system... No teamwork assist...There are no new sprites in the Vs. Like the NES Double Dragon 1...You can still accidently do the spinning cyclone on your way down into a fall, the new sprite animation is still appriciative, but the holding ""UP"" or ""DOWN"" grab attack is gone that the Double Dragon 2 has, it is just not here... You can no longer direction your manual controled timed knee attack when the NES Double Dragon 2 can.The HD is too big, zoom it in... Too much long walks in the beach.. I mean wow...No online 2 player net play.The game isn't inspired, it is just rushed rushed rushed... Usually a fan made game is 3x better.The animation is floaty... I wish they had went with the arcade Double Dragon 1 sprites? Or make it optional as an achievable unlock.Time for me to ask for my money back, I've only spent 24 minutes in it... When I first booted the game into the title screen, I screamed in excitement for a 2 whole minute, into being depressed as that I was progressing into the story line."
,Recommended,528610,29618726,Posted: 31 January,all,Victor Ziblis,Top notch.  excellent.  Between this and Neon I have both kinds of sequels I could want.
,Not Recommended,528610,29747206,Posted: 6 February,all,JohnXuandou,"The game is trash. It's a bad Double Dragon game, which, hey if you're trying to make a game in the style of classic Double Dragon games that's sure one way to do it since there are more bad Double Dragon games than good ones. And yes I grew up with Double Dragon so get that nonsense out of here right now.The visuals are terrible. All of the character sprites are ripped straight from the NES, which isn't really a big deal even if the NES Double Dragon art style was never known to be all that appealing. The issue is that the stage backgrounds are a completely different art style. It's like NES sprites on top of GBA DD stages. If you're going to make an NES game, make an NES game, this clash is terrible. Also all of the stages are horribly bland looking and seem blurry. The MIDI music is also garbage, there was no effort put into these arrangements, they just dropped the chiptunes in a MIDI sequencer and let it pump out the default instrumentation. It also makes no sense to use this cheap MIDI OST when the entire point of this game is how retro it is, it should have just been the original chiptunes by default. Luckily the original music is included so you can ignore it entirely.The story mode is terrible, the story of Double Dragon was never all that great to begin with but this is just by the numbers and poorly made. You don't ever exit a level, you just beat a boss and a 4 second fanfare plays and it hard cuts to black to the next scene, it's ♥♥♥♥ing jarring. At the very least they could have done what Double Dragon Neon did which was have a little celebration animation then have Billy and Jimmy walk off screen. The ending is the worst about this. Beat the bosses, watch a shot, VERY short dialogue sequence, then hard cut to the main menu. They don't even have a credits sequence. It looks and feels cheap.And that's all just the presentation, which could be ignored if the gameplay was really good, but it's not. This is also some of the worst AI and level design in Double Dragon history with some of the most stiff combat to boot. The AI is incredibly poorly done, they cannot navigate areas to any sort of competency, they are purely programmed to track the player's movement. Even the NES games did better than this. The AI in Double Dragon 4 isn't even capable of walking to the bottom of the screen. It's an insult. On top of that their AI patterns are designed to work in groups so when you fight someone one on one they're idiots, because they're constantly waiting for their partners to get behind you so they can sandwich you, which is a big part of how the AI is designed to be cheap. They take advantage of the BAD controls in this game that prevent you from simply turning around while fighting by constantly attacking you from both sides, and the back attack elbow has been severely nerfed in this game compared to previous entries. You have a hard time turning because the attacks cancel out directional input, by the way, which is just trash design. So because the AI is only programmed to sandwich you, they will also camp at the top of ladders waiting to jump you. Also, if you're knocked down they will stand on top of you and attack before you can even stand up, which is something Double Dragon NEVER did before. The AI was intentionally programmed to NOT do that. But whatever because you can do that to them too! Which makes the game way too easy because none of the enemies will ever be able to stand up. All of this quickly slapped together AI to make the AI unfair and the game is still way too easy.The level design is also incredibly poor. It's so boring, nothing is going on in any of the stages and they're all incredibly short. There's also a ton of elements that don't get used much or don't make any sense. Why does that raft in the first stage stop you and make you ride it for 30 seconds with no enemies at all instead of just letting you walk to the right? No reason? Okay. There's a bunch of conveyor belts just carelessly thrown around that don't serve much purpose except for the nonsense platforming sections, and boy someone must have been playing a lot of Mario Maker because this is the last place I would have expected to see a pick a door trap. Pick one of three doors randomly and fight enemies until you accidentally guess the right path or exhaust your options through brute force. Absolutely awful level design. And then there's the platform sections, notorious in Double Dragon for being terrible and boy this game sure nailed that as well. Tons of traps you could never see coming on your first playthrough like conveyor belts off screen that you have to land on that are trying to throw you into a pit (that will steal a life from you), spinning platforms with nonsensical patterns that send you flying backwards onto disappearing platforms (that will steal a life from you), and the typical crushers that move so fast you need frame perfect timing to not get the bottom pixel of your shoe caught (that will steal a life from you). Everything about the level design is a huge step down from basically the entire rest of the series.This is the first game I ever refunded on Steam. I beat the story in like an hour on my first attempt, played a bit of tower mode, quit, uninstalled, refunded. This game is just insulting, and no, the low price does not justify that. There are much better games you could buy for the same price or cheaper. It's a bad beat em up, it's a bad Double Dragon, it's a bad game. This is not worth your time, that's the real price you pay for playing the game."
76561198058251957,Not Recommended,528610,29685434,Posted: 3 February,all,Michael,"It's like ""Abobo's Big Adventure"" but without the polish, humor, or copyright infringement."
76561198364886006,Not Recommended,528610,29597054,Posted: 30 January,all,apostolosfilippos,"Controls configuration is terrible, cannot properly use function with a controller and the keys I bind tend to get unconfigured for no reason!!!One button elbow abuse is the move you need, no strategy, no clear way of executing  the rest of the moves, I was super excited for this game I love the series I got it as soon as It was available I was waiting for it so bad....I wish we could just have another Neon..."
,Not Recommended,528610,29596320,Posted: 30 January,all,FirehaK,"I would love to try this game but as soon as I get to the menu it kills my display driver. I'm currently running the latest NVidia driver (378.49) and Windows 10 build 15014. Not sure how Steam is reporting 0.3 hours on record when the game has been open for < 5 minutes. If a future update lets (game or graphics or Windows) lets me play this without killing my display driver (causing all 3 of my screens to flash until my computer locks for some reason) I will change my review. I'd really love to be able to recommend this game, but for now I can't. I guess I'll go play Double Dragon II on my NES.  and keep hoping. :(Editing my review as the game no longer crashes for me. Like a lot of the reviews say, the game is too easy compared to the older entries.. Spin kicks, knees and uppercuts no longer to take and good timing to perform and the game just doesn't play like the NES games do. Sadly, I still like the classics better. This just doesn't come close to my favorite Double Dragon II."
,Not Recommended,528610,29598800,Posted: 30 January,all,MaosDong69,"this is too far below my expectations, but for $7 I guess I asked too much? I wouldn't mind to spend $60 on a proper sequel just so you know. basically I think it's worth the money, but not worthy as a double dragon.The music is so bad, a little better when switching to the retro style, but still not as good as what they got 30 or 20 years ago. The initial control is so weird, make sure you press F1 to learn the buttons before you navigate through the menu. later in the game you often are ganged by several zangief-like abobo and other underlings, it happened to me that while at full health, I got hit once and everybody did his/her combo on me until I was dead. From full health to death, one puch that's it, can you believe that? I know old double dragon put players in a similar situation but it was never this ridiculous!To bad this is actually my second negative review on Steam, my first was to Gaben Simulator, another ♥♥♥♥ed game costs $3. if I feel bad about a game I usually just ignore it, but for this one, I am mad because this title, Double DragonI, holds weight, it should not be abused.  But for $7, it's worth it, definitely not a steal tbh."
,Not Recommended,528610,29596840,Posted: 30 January,all,ouij,"Well, points for authenticity, I guess.  Some of the design decisions are so ridiculously stupid that I can actually believe this game is from 1989.  From the unavoidable enemy attacks at the top of every ladder to unavoidable spinning death traps (because the screen won't scroll far enough to trigger them until you leap onto them), they really did their research on annoying crap from the NES era.  The sad part is the cheap hits / deaths are the only source of difficulty in the game.  Thanks for the disappointment, guys."
76561197971000440,Not Recommended,528610,29596459,Posted: 30 January,all,Tom Cruise in Ass Violence 4,"I was pretty excited for this game, I just stopped playing Double Dragon 2 a few years ago.  I am completely disappointed.  This game is 100% not fun.Controls - I believe they were not customizable, and I don't like the default layout of A, B, Y.  Unlike DD2, you punch and kick in the direction you are facing, instead of the direction of the button you press.  This ruins the game entirely because after level 5 the game likes to surround you and it is difficult to herd enemies as you do in this type of game because they will double or triple movement speed to get behind you again, and turning around requires you to stop attackign for like a quarter of a second.  It feels more stiff than an NES game that came out in like 1992, not even joking.  Only plus in controls is we have a jump button now... yay..Level Design - The first 4 levels could have been combined into one level.  There are moments that seem like they aren't finished, like in level 2 when you get on a raft and just stand on it for 20 seconds and then get off of it, but no enemeies attack while on the raft.  There are far too many flat sections where you can't dodge up or down, yet enemies throw projectiles, so you have to perfectly time a jump over the projectile or go down a ladder.  Some enemies even throw boomerangs on these areas so you have to dodge twice with no good way to dodge.  There is a decent bit of variety for screen layout with things like conveyor belts and pits to knock people into.  There is also one extremely annoying platforming segment.  It just feels very uneven and felt like it wasn't very well thought out.  Also the colors are a little too bright and it doesn't feel like Double Dragon 2 or 3 soo much except for the sprites.  The backgrounds aren't really retro, but they don't really do anything impressive, making them feel like there wasn't really much thought put into the games aesthetics.Sound - The SFX are ok but the music sounds like it's coming from a fishtank and it is pretty disappointing considering the classicaly badass music from DD games on NES, again, a confusing step backwards for the series and another sign that this was a careless cash in.Gameplay - This is where things get really pukey.  This game is zero fun.  It vascillates between being extremely boring and extremely frustrating with no real middle ground.  Hit detection seemed inconsistent, I would miss an attack on an enemy and then get hit back without either of us moving.  If you get knocked down you will be surrounded on both sides, and if you don't use a get up attack then you will be knocked down again for sure, if you do use a get up attack then it is likely you will be hit in the back and knocked down again.  Sometimes the game lets you up, sometimes it doesn't, but it doesn't feel like you have many options to avoid punishment.  The abobos and other big guys seem to walk right through jump kicks on occasion, and one of them has a super fast dropkick that does 4 dmg and just comes out of nowhere.  There isn't much consistency about what will work or what will not work vs certain enemies.  And again, the level design seems to make some very unfair/unfun choices rather than having a good fighting system for difficulty.  Like a ladder in the corner of the screen that you try to go down, but you can't, so you try to go right instead, and then someone jump kicks you from off the screen.I have played probably around 100 beat em up games like this over the last 25 years and this is one of the worst.  Bad controls, bad fighting system, bad AI, cheap enemy movements, bad level design, inconsistent art style, awful sounding music, and extremely inconsistent difficulty.I would say this game is worth a dollar or two."
76561197990268339,Not Recommended,528610,29600298,Posted: 30 January,all,leonyounggod,"Not recommended! Because -1) A tiny & micro window for the game as the resulution is extremely low and can't be adjusted in the game setting. Yes, I am not talking about 8-bit graphic. I am talking about the resolution which can be adjusted by pressing F2, but who knows if you do not tell us about it(？).2) Save game is not possible. The game seems to be too long, but I have to complete it all the way through at once. If I have to leave, I can do nothing but only pause the game.3) AI is not so good than old Double Dragon 2. Sometimes, the enemies are so dumb as hell that you could kill them easily. But sometimes each of them is advanced Bruce Lee!  For instance, the enemies try to stay on different rows out of yours. Once you come to their row, they release a instant assault. You could die instantly once or twice for just killing only 2 basic enemies.4) Some lethal booby-trap/mechanism is too difficult for us, which costs me a lot lives. Such as the wheel with the roof which sometimes suddenly disappears.We are expecting a new serious as Arcade of Double Dragon/Double Dragon 2 game. These two games are the best the Double Dragon games. NES Double Dragon is not good.Anyway, this game is way better than these junks such as Double Dragon Neon, and remake of DD2. These two junks smear the title. So, I am looking forward to seeing a real Double Dragon soon.八位机就是垃圾，真正要怀旧应该做街机版本。这个不过这个好歹比那个连垃圾都不如的彩虹，和二代复刻版好。总之还是不推荐。"
,Not Recommended,528610,29784404,Posted: 8 February,all,Grimalkin,"if i want a Nintendo NES game, i'll buy a Nes mini...i know i'm a sucker for beat'em all, but this game was a copy/paste of double dragon 2 the revenge on NES and...just no.Maybe it's just me, but in 2017, even the nostalgia can't bait me to that point...So, Arksys, if you wish to do the same game, with the same graphic used in Hard Corps: Uprising, be my guest, and i will buy it!but please forget the nes stuff!"
,Not Recommended,528610,29596616,Posted: 30 January,all,kirkyeehee,"Double Dragon in name only...I think that sums it all up. This game, while looking like Double Dragon, doesn't really FEEL like Double Dragon. From missing sounds to lacking difficulty, this game is not up to snuff. To knock it all off, it only runs at a low 30 FPS. For some people this may be fine, but for me, where I get migraines easily, this is a deal breaker.I tossed $9 at this game, and I think it will be the first I request a refund for. I simply can't play it in the state it's in."
76561198156057874,Not Recommended,528610,29610498,Posted: 31 January,all,jiang0083,joystick setting IS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T!Left&Right button is gone!
,Not Recommended,528610,29706170,Posted: 4 February,all,Faust,"I wanted to like this, I really wanted to like this, but gotdamn is this a letdown.Where to begin; let's just start with the fact that I made it to Mission 8 before I couldn't take anymore. How many times do I have to kill Burnov, how many different flavors of Abobo do we need? Lime Green Abobo was the best so far, but I'm sure Lemon and Brazil Nut flavored Abobos are just fine as well. If the AI isn't dumb as a rock that failed to get its G.E.D., then the game just swamps you in punching bags that spaz out until you kick them in the bimmies.My favorite part so far was watching not one, not two, but 4 out of 5 enemies use the airport people mover to hustle to their death in a pit. Afterwards, after killing the last two enemies, I could not progress... why? Who the Hell knows, but I had to kill myself and waste a life in order for the game to uncrap itself, like I was being punished for letting their clownshoes AI enemies die like the goofs they are.All in all, I wasted my money in a gamble that maybe, JUST MAYBE, they wouldn't crap this up, I mean with the neevr-ending fad that is 8-bit games and remakes, how could they screw up Double Dragon? Well they did. Go play Abobo's Big Adventure if you want something Double Dragon related to play that's worth every penny."
76561198054437677,Not Recommended,528610,29663061,Posted: 2 February,all,DemoniusX,"Infuriating Rom hack!What I just said sums it up in lots of ways. I have 3 problems with this sequel to one of the most legendary beat 'em ups ever concieved. Most won't agree but I am not looking for others agreement I am just stating my opinion and if you can't respect that at the least then go FLI CK yourself. I'll make this as short as possible.Problem number 3. Cheaply made complete with cheap deaths.I am no expert in programming nor do I understand too much in the ways of it but you can tell this game has the originality of a rom hack. There is very little here that is original even for a double dragon game.Most baddies here are clearly just sprite hacks with 4 which appear original but they aren't special You have more platforming in this game than in previous entries.  That within it's self is infiriating and it's worse when there is a enemy as they will hit you and there is nothing you can do. Some times you can land a hit on these goons but most of the time you'll take a hit and fall to your death. If you are lucky you can land a hit before hand but it's a 50/50 chance.  This does not feel like a sequel to me at all as it's just re-used stuff from double dragon 1 and 2. I bet this was made within a month with the unity engine or something along the lines of a web based flash game. Don't believe me? Play ""Kung Fu 2"" flash game... it's just as simple as this! With little of anything original or note worthy. This game was simply going for people who thrive on nostalgia. While that CAN be a great thing,but you can ruin it if you don't add anything new to something that has been done to death before with recycled everything. There are new moves which are nice but we'll touch on that in a bit. Now on to the next problem.Problem 2: Sound and MusicThis is a huge problem for me as I enjoy nearly all the soundtracks from the Double Dragon saga.There is the Retro mode and remastered mode. The remastered sounds like cheap microsoft wavetable synth while retro is NES sound (I prefer the retro) but *Sigh* This game... as I stated above recycles most of the tunes from previous games, There are ""Some"" new material here but just like with any game of this era it's uninspired crap! no song that won't get stuck in your head like the previous entries had! (Excluding Neo geo DD and DD  V as I try to pretend those don't exist).You'll hear Stage 1 music from the first game,Theme song of Double Dragon but that's it. What about songs from Super Double Dragon which has a far superior soundtrack? How about some of the memorable tunes from Double Dragon II like the final boss theme or level 1? If you are going to recycle aspects of previous games at least put NOTE WORTHY tunes.might as well recycle ALL the songs (unless under copyright...maybe that's why ) Sound effects....Recycled. Nothing new, heard it before. As I said ROM HACK or Flash based cash grab. Thanks alot,guys! Now the final problem *crack knuckles*.Problem number one - Overall gameplay,Combat and Collision detection.Oh boy. Where does one start? Double Dragon isn't what I would call brilliant but it's legendary as it was one of the first beat 'em ups that was fun,was co-op and had awesome martial art type moves that was amazing to see at the time. Fun music to tap your toe too and of course game play that was unmatched by any standard. This is where Double Dragon IV biggest problem lies. The combat is horribly flawed in ways I can't even explain. Double Dragon is beat dudes up and move on. This one you have to be careful on how you attack enemies or they will jump kick you to the point where you can't get up to fight back unless you die! Sure, ""SOMETIMES"" you can do the upper cut and rising kick to recover like you could in Double Dragon II: The Revenge but the other issue arises is the bloody collision detection! I am a veteren of this series and know how the hurricane kick works and I can tell you that it will barely make any contact with enemies unless they are pixel perfect toe to toe with you. Same with the upper cut and rising knee. There are some new moves that look awesome.One is like a vertical barrel roll and a similar side kick like in the original game and they do great damage IF YOU CAN CONNECT THEM! This ""KILLS"" the game as if the other issues weren't bad enough. Did I mention the enemies have specials too? Yep. Abobo is horribly unbalanced when you fight the green and black one. He'll do a ""Jumping vertical arm bar"" and all your health goes bye-bye. You can,like in previous entries,spam the elbow attack which is no fun. why go through the entire game by doing one move to make it playable enough to be able to continue? It's rubbish!Conclusion - I am sadly disappointed with Double Dragon 4, it looks the part but lots of aspects hold it back from being a perfect fit in the saga some of us know and love. I am 34 years old and grew up with double dragon. I played the first one in the arcades at age 6 and was happy I could beat up people whilst not getting in trouble for it! Just slamming them buttons,having a ball! Arc systems disappointed me here, they make great fighters! Guilty Gear anyone! Blazblue! Great stuff! But what I have a difficult time understanding is Arc Systems give Contra hardcorps uprising amazing love and made it an amazing experience that pretty much is a pefect fit in the failing Contra Series. Why not Double Dragon be given that sort of attention and love? Arc Systems bought technos and all it's properties. You made a mistake guys, don't do it again with other Technos games. Is it worth $7?.... That's up to you, it's your money but This shouldn't be considered the ""next"" chapter in my beloved beat 'em up saga. Buy it if you love DD like me but just don't expect anything special."
,Not Recommended,528610,29646212,Posted: 2 February,all,SiliconN00B,Launches in a tiny window with no ingame graphics options.
,Not Recommended,528610,31708418,Posted: 12 May,all,wakinafuf,pile of fuming♥♥♥♥♥♥ i'll just return playing on my old nes
76561198073088368,Not Recommended,528610,29618891,Posted: 31 January,all,The Silent One,"Even though I did enjoy playing through this game. I have to say that there are several WRONG things with this game. One main thing about this game is for a game called ""Double Dragon"" the storyline of this game doesn't make any sense what so ever. Also you start asking questions like ""How did they did to their destination?"" or ""How do you do pull off the new moves like the cyclone without mashing buttons.""The most fun you'll have with this game is 1 playthrough and after 1 playthrough you'll either not play this game for a while or you'll show off to your friends how far you can get in the Tower (Survival) mode. All an all...if you want to play a good Double Dragon..just stick with the Trilogy."
,Not Recommended,528610,29595999,Posted: 30 January,all,eddycee2009,"part of what made old school nes games great was the difficulty levels. games were hard and it felt great to beat them because they were that hard. Now, with this game am sad to say that they have made it ridiculously easy. no point to ""beating"" a game you can beat blind folded."
76561197991246792,Not Recommended,528610,29607431,Posted: 31 January,all,Polecat,"Do not get this! It's the bad kind of nostalgia. I played it for a little while and demanded a Steam Refund. I wouldn't pay a dime for this, much less the asking price. Do not get suckered into the nostalgia on this, it's a bad trip."
76561198073445827,Not Recommended,528610,29596264,Posted: 30 January,all,rhianjamestaylor,Rubbish.
,Not Recommended,528610,29708137,Posted: 4 February,all,UraniumOverdose,No excuse at all for no online play.Refunded.
76561197996251703,Recommended,528610,30385959,Posted: 7 March,all,Tarkatta,Was great fun. A little too easy IMO.Reminded me of Double Dragon II on the NES.
76561198068294123,Recommended,528610,30623864,Posted: 19 March,all,GeoNeo_-,i normaly do my reviews in a list pro and countra way but this time its just going to be a simple textdouble dragon 4 is the 4th double dragon game well that continuess the original gameplay and chrachters  because basicly there was a dd4 and basicly its a 4 of the nes games if that makes senseits has nes grahpics  the best of dd1-3 from the nes some new things from its own some old things like the versus mode improved  or the tower mode a few new attacks and ye basicly back then if after dd3 on the nes dd4 came out on the nes this would how it would have been probably i like it alot only flaw a big flaw actually is that there is no online multiplayer should be added also you can choose between the new/remix versions of soundtracks or the classic nes onespeople always say  the old games are the best and alot say the nes versions  of dd were different from the arcade but still very good one of the best and even special because the way they played yet this game is close to that with improvements that i just  named but then people complain about it i dont get itand its cheap to give it a shot--------------------ADD ONLINE-MULTIPLAYER!!! :D
76561198082875338,Recommended,528610,30786130,Posted: 27 March,all,SkullyTMcGra,Its not a bad game and a bad price for this game but they dont have online co-op or arena. I love that they did this game as a NES slash Famicom sequal. Im happy they did something with the Double Dragon series because its been years since they did something with this series and im glad. I just hope that this and River City Ransom does well because i want to see Arc System Works do Double Dragon & Battle Toads Remake or sequal. I recommened this game because its Cheap and you will have fun being a non online game. I give it a 4 out 5 on this game because the story and the old skool retro style game play. Its not going to be like River City Ransom Underground but hey its worth buying the game.
76561198287052852,Recommended,528610,30182749,Posted: 25 February,all,hollow_earth,♥  A love letter from the past
76561198021580156,Recommended,528610,30141304,Posted: 24 February,all,aolobe,"Fans of Double Dragon 1,2 and Super Double Dragon rejoice, the proper sequel has been made.  Yes there was Double Dragon 3 but I won't go into that.  It brings the 8-bit era with music that sounds like Super Double Dragon from the SNES to the PC in a great way.  Controls are responsive and the graphics are a great throwback.  If you loved the originals then you are in for a treat, everything from the platforming stages to the enemies have been loveling brought here along with great graphics, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,528610,30211902,Posted: 26 February,all,Dragun,Anyone who loved Double Dragon II on the NES will love this game!I'm so happy they had the guts to take a chance and release this game the way they did - possibly knowing it could be misunderstood by newer gamers.
,Recommended,528610,30306226,Posted: 3 March,all,Sterling,"It's not a large cake, but it's still a treat, and it has LOTS of frosting on it!"
,Recommended,528610,29723360,Posted: 5 February,all,Gamma Ray,"I like Double Dragon 4. It feels like a classic entry to the series. Totally NES era. There's not a lot to say about its graphics and gameplay. If you liked DD1 and DD2 on the NES, you're in for a treat. DD4 is essentially what DD3 should have been. The addition of moves and a dedicated third button are the most noteworthy changes.There are some modern technical issues which make for some inconveniences, but the game's still enjoyable.For everyone having issues mapping controls, it may come down to you using nonstandard Xinput controllers. I have a wired Xbox 360 controller, and I had no problems mapping controls. I know, you can't use your preferred controller, but, for better or worse (I say worse), DirectInput is dead.Make sure you exit the game by using the X in the window. You may need to hit Alt+Enter first if you're already in fullscreen. I don't think the game saves properly if you use big picture mode's exit game option in the overlay. You can probably use it without issue once you unlock everything, though.DD4 impresses me by how faithful it is to the old games. Try playing DD1 or DD2 and then play Streets of Rage 2. You'll find awkward transitions and other technical weirdness. The weird raft bit in the first level feels oddly authentic to me. The fact that they brought back the odd platforming was more of a nod to the past than anything else in my view. Thank goodness there's a dedicated jump button for it in this game. That makes it tolerable.The improvements brought to DD4 are really subtle. No sprite flicker or slowdown, combat changes that would fit in on an NES, and true widescreen. (I'm actually a little surprised they didn't pull a 2010s Beavis and Butthead and make it 4:3 with how faithful they were being with everything else.) The amount of restraint they showed is noteworthy. It would have been cool to see a fully high resolution next generation Double Dragon game, but they decided to make DD4 in this manner, and they did it very well."
,Recommended,528610,29708467,Posted: 4 February,all,Sppaeh.?,"The backgrounds and sprites are very well done except for Billy and his brother which look like copy pastes from DD2. Other problems are the god awful platforming sections (full life gone if you fall btw though the moving wall is more fair than before) and the level select makes you start on the last level you completed instead of the last level you were on. So if you are stuck on a boss you have to beat the whole last level again then the current level again to try again at the boss. It would be nice if they added running, blocking, or a better combo system but I can see why they didn't. It's worth the asking price imo."
76561197968833544,Recommended,528610,29710364,Posted: 4 February,all,Lord BEERus,"After beating story mode , Ill have to say its pretty good !! fans of the Original series will love it and get you right in the nostalgia. The things i love about it , the replay factor at first it seems pretty easy but the difficulty ramps up but not to the point where you rage quit but to the point where you still want to get back into the game . It also has unlockables which is nice such as new characters to play as in dual mode and story mode which is a cool feature , and of course tower mode and 2 player vs .  i only really have a few minor complaints which are some of the backgrounds are a little bland and some of the music is also a little meh and would have loved to hear some more of the classic double dragon soundtrack , but we cant have a new game for it to only be a full on nostalgia kick now can we ...Bimmy and Jimmy Lives On!!! hahaha"
,Recommended,528610,29706698,Posted: 4 February,all,ImmortalKC,So awesome!!! Glad the story continued!
,Recommended,528610,29706705,Posted: 4 February,all,Bimmy Lee,This game is so good! If you grew up loving the NES Double Dragon games then this is for you. The extra playable characters are a nice bonus that add replayablity.
76561198097559536,Recommended,528610,29709017,Posted: 4 February,all,MOEDOETACK,"Thanks for bringing this game to steam i love iy so much, i played double dragon 1,2,3, when i was a kid on nintendo and loved this game so much i still have them and now 4. when i was a kid i wondered what it would be like to play as the bad♥♥♥♥♥bosses in the game. bringing back chin sei mei and so many others. dunno about anyone else but this game made my day so much.retro music =  awesomefor this to be extra special you would have had to grow up in my day playing nintendo.if your a old head and remeber this game buy it.if your new understand that this is a retro game. im saying this cause some of you turds seam to not realize that lol."
76561198028443923,Recommended,528610,29656931,Posted: 2 February,all,Jordanv78,"I recommend this game, with a few caveatsIf you are a fan of the first Two Double Dragons on NES,  you will enjoy the gameplay but will be disappointed it wasn't better.As a fairly big Double Dragon fan, I like the game, but am Midly disappointed that the promise that this game had was not fully realized AT ALL.I enjoy the gameplay for the most part, but I think most fans would have preferred to leave out a lot of the frustrating platforming that was in Double Dragon 2 for NES and that is also present in this game. If including it for nostalgias sake, did you really have to include SO MUCH of it?The default music is HORRID. Can't believe they didn't put more thought into this. There is some music that is DECENT at best, but most of it is pretty horrible. The developers must not have played the first couple of these games and realized how cool music was and that it really helped make the experience in a lot of aspects. Even the opening theme seems out of place as its a more techno/modern sounding intro. Why not do a great chiptune type song for the 30th annerversary. YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE PAYING HOMAGE by revising your roots from 30 years ago GO ALL IN!!I should point out that there is the option to go ""retro"" with the soundtrack, but it seemingly is just the Double Dragon 2 music ripped directly from the NES game and crammed into this game. Which seems cheap.The single player isn't really that hard, aside from the frustrating platform parts but there is a continue function if you leave the game, you can start back where you left off... So that takes away from the difficulty BIGTIME. At least there is a decent amount of unlockables and things to keep you playing the game for a little bit. Certainly worth 7$ for Double Dragon fans, but it really could have been SO MUCH BETTER!"
76561198015618338,Recommended,528610,34260415,Posted: 15 August,all,Soul Bandit,I had a lot of fun with this game.  totaly brought me back to my childhood.  I like that there was an option for 8-bit music.My only issue was that the d-pad didn't work very well with moving around.  I had to use the left stick.
