user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197995411371,Recommended,529160,28897297,Posted: 1 January,all,a2sauce2,"Well...I'm not sure what to do with my man card now, because I sure as hell don't need it after this.This is a surprisingly in-depth Tactical RPG. If you're the kind of person that likes to make insane combat builds, or min max, this is a game for you. You start with picking one of 12 character classes, and this is actually really important. You're going to want to build your team around your class. However, no matter what class you pick, you ARE a summoner first. Most of your damage is usually going to come from your summons. You get summons by capturing them in combat ala pokemon (Beat them up and then use a limited ability to trap them) or by progressing the story. They also have a gatcha feature to get a random monster if you do any grinding on the free levels, which is nice.For reference on min-maxing, here is what I did. I picked necromancer because I thought it would be funny. When I got over my shock at how the skeletons look, (Spoiler - EVERYTHING is a female anime character in this game) I tried summoning them in combat. They sucked. Then a few battles later I captured a demon that gave all summoned undead +25% to their stats. Then I got a spell that gives undead +25 to their stats. Everything is stackable in this game, and most buffs don't run out. Then I found a demon that summons more skeletons. Then I found another. Soon I had a team of nothing but demons that either buffed or summoned skeletons. And surprise! When you have more than three demons summoned, they do cumulative damage to living creatures every turn. That wasn't explained anywhere, it just sort of happened. At this point my main necromancer was the only living or non-demon thing, so I picked up an ability that changed her type to undead. I found myself steam rolling things and was super happy with my army of skeletons.Until I found my first enemy that summoned angels. Just one angel would wreck my skeletal/demon army. Then the game became hard again, fast. I came up with a build to handle angels, and then ran into an enemy who had a system to make their main mage permanently ghost formed by abusing the power from a sprite. My skeletons couldn't touch it, and it spammed a magic nova over my army as I cried helplessly because I didn't bring any real magic to do damage, just more skeletons.Then I got high enough level where I could summon ghosts and weights, which could cast their own magic. The ghost mage wasn't as scary anymore as my minions could plink away at it with telekinesis. Everything was going well, until I ran into the dragon summoner, and went back to crying as everything I loved burned in the fires of a thousand suns.The game has so many creatures with unique abilities and stats, that there are probably hundreds of viable builds and strategies—all of which play heavily on your choice of starting class. Had I gone warrior, I might have went with a team of giants. Illusionist, maybe fearies. But you're not stuck either. I'm leveling up a backup team of gremlins right now to give me more magic options when I need it. My necromancer can do her thing just fine on her own now, and the gremlins can create their own havoc. Anything will work, but some things will clearly work better than others. I would replay it over and over except...The story is really, really bad.In true B-rated anime fashion, random characters are popping up all over and I don't know why. The fun part of the game is literally just combat and party building. There is nothing outside of one battle after another, with a short break at the party screen and maybe a few rolls with my magic gems to see if I got something cool.Also, did I mention that every single character is an anime girl? Most of them are kids too, which is somewhere between disturbing and funny. Every skeleton summoned is a little girl who is sent off to her second death at the hands of a giant girl, who was summoned by an angry lady. I can't tell 80% of my friends about this game because of how weaboo Japanese the art is. There is one monster that I was reluctant to summon with my wife in the room because I didn' want her to get the wrong idea about this game, even though it provided serious healing for my necromancer (before I turned her into a zombie too). Some of the pictures are a little too suggestive, even bordeline creepy. Which is a shame, because the combat mechanics are awesome.Honestly, I'd say the monster system,  and combat system could work in a triple A title just fine. They'd need to improve the interface, trash the story, and re-skin the characters, but I'd love to play a game like this with a real story and some other gameplay elements besides combat. It's very reminiscent of disgea, with a heavier emphasis on team synergy, and much less on power leveling. No single character (That I've found!) will get you through this. You need a team.If you've played disgea and liked it for either the art or the game-play, check this out. Just don't let anyone see you playing it.If you're looking for a story... I'd pass on this, at least so far. Honestly I wish I could just skip the story parts at this point. Oh well. I'm gonna see if I can go catch Artemis. Yes, the god with the bow. I need her for one of the teams I was thinking of building. She can hang with my captured valkyries and tiamat."
,Recommended,529160,32231671,Posted: 6 June,all,Mr.E,"Definitely true to its namesake, Moekuri is perhaps even more tactical than it is adorable. It's plenty adorable, there's just a hella large variety of characters and strategies to implement in battle. The protagonist has a choice of ten classes, from the typical Warrior-Ranger-Mage trio to all sorts of game mechanic specialists, everyone you meet in Story Mode can be unlocked some of whom have their own unique classes, and there's 150+ creatures to capture and summon as little combat soldiers.Incidentally, the art is the only place where the game really falters: 90% of the characters are strictly cute, gods are badass, demons are appropriately provocative (or creepy), etc. Then I spy a little girl with a cameltoe and I wonder what they were thinking. Every battlefield is nothing more than the same large, tiled square, though at least you can often envision the picture they tried to paint with the terrain. (e.g. Castle hallway is all grey and impassable terrain creates a narrow passage. Sacred temple is an open map with a lot of Holy Ground terrain.) Combat animations are strictly functional.Still, every character does have their own Pokédex-like entry with numerous unique voice lines, both full and chibi art, and a brief biography of sorts. Every creature entry includes their maximum stats and full list of skills and abilities. The music is consistently decent, never bad nor amazing.Story Mode doesn't take more than a few hours but it's a cute, lighthearted story. The objective is occasionally more than ""eliminate the opponent"" and if you don't grind Free Battles between levels, it's occasionally challenging. The localization is fantastically whimsical. After your first trip through, you unlock an arcade-style mode, multiple challenger trials, and are given the criteria for unlocking the other Masters. Free Battles are an opportunity to capture creatures and earn in-game currency you can use to purchase ones you miss.The massive variety of characters makes for an equally massive number of strategies possible, and the creators played with every possible lever to ensure the viability of as many as they could muster. Pretty much the only thing you can't do is bring multiple of the same creature to battle, so there's little point to capturing more than one creature per species since you can rearrange stats semi-freely (grind-gated) and change movesets at will. It's quite the hardcore strategist's dream.But legit my biggest complaint: It's ridiculous that a game released in 2016 only runs at 800 x 600 resolution! Seriously. Like, seriously that is ridiculous and seriously that is the actual worst thing I can say about this game. Almost as ridiculous as this game only being $12 full price, because who knew a game with a self-describing title could go so far above and beyond to live up to its name?"
,Recommended,529160,30143810,Posted: 24 February,all,Ranylyn,"Let me start by getting my biases in the open: I am not into Moe, but I've been an SRPG player for about 20 years. I picked the game up since the SRPG elements looked solid, and I decided to give it a chance based on that.And I'm glad I did. (Although I wholly admit I joke to my friends about ""Why am I playing this?"")It's hard not to make a Pokemon comparison, since players get access to 151 (not even joking) different summons, and the main protagonist can recruit wild creatures, but not the ones summoned by other Masters. You form teams of six from your collection of creatures, with a limit of 5 summoned at once (with some creatures counting as 2, 3, or even 0 at once.) Each summon takes a different number of turns to summon, so everything is viable in it's own way; do you summon something that can act immediately, or bunker down and try to wait out something that takes much longer? Or, do you take a more balanced approach, and go for what falls in-between?The human masters do fight, themselves, and there's a total of 14 classes - 4 of which are restricted to specific characters you can unlock to play as in the postgame. There's a good variety, ranging from straightforward classes like Warriors, Magicians, and Healers, to more complex and nuanced classes like Evokers and Illusionists. Basically, there's playstyles for everyone, such as if you want to focus on terrain bonuses, or status ailments. And this is a must, as you need synergy between your Master and Creatures to make an effective team. An assassin, for example, may work best by rushing the enemy master down and summoning creatures instantly, while a Knight can keep enemies at a distance more efficiently and can take their time to summon stronger creatures.Terrain is a big aspect of the game, and one worth explaining. When I saw screenshots, I was confused as to why terrain seemed to be tile-based, unlike in many other SRPGs that have actual hills and rivers. The answer is simple: Terrain can be manipulated and changed. A mountain will slow any non-earth creature and give stat bonuses to earth creatures, sure, but it can just as easily be turned into an ocean, forest, or gem deposit instantly, with the right skills. Every element has two tiers of terrain attributed to it, for lesser and greater effects., and it's up to you whether you want to use a playstyle capitalizing on it, or largely acting independantly of it so you don't get messed up by an enemy team that can change terrain.As for the creatures themselves? They seem to priomarily be based on various mythology, legends, and folklore, much like the roster of summons you'd see in a Persona game. As for the designs... as someone who doesn't care for moe, I personally find that the designs are roughly 1/3 Hilarious, Cringe, and Decent. I'm not the target demographic, though, so let's move on to the variety and strategy. There's a lot of nuance to the strategy available from these creatures, such as creatures that are independantly weak but get stronger based on allies, to creatures that have silly gimmicks like injuring anyone they run past. Some are just plain powerhouses, while others can poison everything on the map, friend and foe alike, in a single action. There's something here for every playstyle, and half the fun is coming up with new strategies. It's also worth noting that levels are gained quickly, unless you're grinding against level 10s when you're level 49 (the cap is 50) so it's not hard to get a new creature ready for combat.As for the story and characters? Well... they're admittedly nothing special. The story may have a smile-worthy moment here or there, but it largely exists to bring you from fight to fight. But at least there's plenty of content; there's several postgame campaigns to play through, all of which will actually make you strategize, since everything is at the level cap.To briefly summarize it, Moekuri has very solid strategy elements and is quite deep. Even if you're not into Moe, you'll probably appreciate it if you have any love for tactical depth. If you love Moe but not strategy, I have no idea how you'll take to it."
,Recommended,529160,28439491,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Meepturtle💌,"Some surpiringly deep tactical stuff lies beneath (within?) the very cutesy shell of this game. Between the over a dozen player classes and the rediculous amount of monster units each with their own unique set of passive and active skills, there's a lot to do here. Despite some of the more... questionable units here and there, the art is pretty nice too. Additionally, the difficulty feels pretty good, allowing enough freedom that you can make do with a more ragtag party, but pitting you up against some very synergetic enemy teams every so often to keep you on your toes. Your poisoned, cursed, paralyzed, and blinded toes."
,Recommended,529160,28731043,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,chaostails7,"The game engine is very minimal, the interface is poor at best, and there are random glitches like the inability to alt tab without freezing. But look past all of that - this is an excellent tactical game. I don't see myself getting tired of it any time soon."
76561198025779455,Recommended,529160,28439585,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,寂しい狼,"A fun moe strategy game from what I've seen so far.When you start the game, you'll be allowed to pick which class to start as. You won't be able to name your character.The game also keeps track of all your records, from how many deaths your party has, your max damage, to which class you've cleared the game with.The encyclopedia in game allows you to view the summoned unit's artwork, along with sampling their voices.Battles are sorted by Story Mode and Free Battle.When you start the battle, you'll only have your main character on the field, you have to summon your units to get them into the fight (similar to confine in Phantom Brave, but doesn't disappear after set turns).There's friendly fire in this game, you can even have your character get killed by their own AOE.Free mode allows you to grind and level up your main character, summons, and allows you to capture ""wild creatures"".From what I've seen so far, you can only capture one ""wild creature"" per battle.Completing free battles will also grant you contract gems to summon units. You can set the conditions of the unit, such as their element, level, etc, provided you have the gems to pay for it.However... there are a few issues I have with the camera...Camera angles can be rotated, at fixed 45* angles (similar to Disgaea). The true problem I have with the game is the targetting issue. When there are many units close together, AOE targetting becomes quite a chore.All in all, it's a fun title, and definitely worth the price."
76561198011103097,Recommended,529160,28875998,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,alex.elsen,"A great game, with lots of diversity and lots of abilities and skills to explore.Reminds me a little of phantom brave in the aspect you have to summon your creatures to the field.The biggest thing I love about this game is the sheer amount of diversity in tactics, strategy and choice.That's what I love, that's why I'm here. I like how you can choose your class and I like how you can choose between different types of summoning techniques. Very nice touches which add a lot to the game experience."
,Recommended,529160,29595632,Posted: 30 January,all,Scopedog,"You have to wonder why tactical battle games and monster collecting is such an uncommon combination, as it seems like a match made in heaven. Add in monster musume moe appeal, and you have a compelling concept for what I will charitably describe as “a particular demographic”.Unfortunately Moekuri’s presentation is frankly pretty awful, with low res assets and art alongside a clunky interface. The game doesn’t even have a quit button, surely a canary in the mine for any PC game (if running full screen you have to alt tab out and kill it manually – note that alt tabbing crashes the game anyway). The battlefield is a flat grey board with occasionally different coloured tiles, and animation is all but non-existent. The cutesy art is a mixed bag, varying from “really rather nice” to “scrawled in blood by a dying man”. It’s uninspiring stuff, low rent even for a doujin game.So first impressions aren’t great then. But I’m a mechanics man, and the system here is deep, intuitive and satisfying. You play a summoner, who themselves have a class (with a helpful and largely accurate indication of how difficult they are to play). As well as using your own class abilities, every round you can begin the process of summoning a creature - at it’s core, meaner creatures take longer to summon, and cost more mana. So a relatively unthreatening creature might take one, or even zero rounds to summon – some of the more ludicrous creatures might take ten.However, this only the very basics – there are dozens of different creatures with a bewildering variety of capabilities and traits, and it’s honestly amazing how well they’ve balanced the attributes of all the monsters to make them appealing. One feature I particularly liked was “zone of control” – this is a no go area for enemy creatures which allows them to effectively limit the movement of opponents – something which tactical battle games often fail to employ effectively (it’s all very well being a sturdy tank, but if you can’t hamper the movement of enemies they’ll just go and kill your fragile strikers instead).For me, there was very much that moment where everything clicks, where every creature has a distinct purpose in your team. There’s a lot of interconnection and synergy that can be tapped into by a canny player, and unlike pokemon there aren’t creatures that are just categorically better than others.Sadly the game is quite short, with only 25 story missions, though you can free battle at any time (which is where you can capture monsters and earn a type of currency that can be used to generate new monsters of your choosing). The story itself is utter fluff – cute girls doing cute things while battling with cute monsters who are also cute girls. The power of friendship features prominently. I skipped most of it, and I can’t say it hurt my appreciation of the game. If you can look beyond the rough edges Moekuri is absolutely worth your time."
,Recommended,529160,30497295,Posted: 13 March,all,fishfacethedestroyer,"This game is brutal.No, really. It's absolutely merciless. As heretical as it is to say, Moékuri is honestly shounen-like in its ability to top its own power ceiling over. And over. And over. And OVER. AND. OVER.Whether you're fighting a creature with the ability to consume its allies and gain their powers, consume YOUR allies and gain their powers, teleport anywhere on the board and control the flow of time, turn potentially the entire battlefield into an ocean, or just be flat-out immune to damage, they will always, consistently, without fail, be an adorable little girl.The order is a rabbit, and it's from Caerbannog."
76561198160868511,Recommended,529160,32720895,Posted: 24 June,all,Strayed Lynx,"A solid turn based strategy game with the cutest waifus you'll ever see,if you enjoy turn based strategy games or would like to familiarize yourself with the genre this is the game for you."
,Recommended,529160,28459268,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Werzell,"If you're looking for a great Tactical RPG (with lots of moé), look no further.I cleared the story mode after playing for pretty much 27 hours straight, that's how good it was. The story mode is quite challenging, if you avoid playing too many free battles, hence staying at the recommended level. (Btw, I played as a Necromancer, difficulty and playtime will most likely vary depending on class and playstyle).Choose between 10 starting classes with inherently different playstyles. After clearing the story mode you gain access to a couple of new modes and you can start unlocking more masters and classes. Add 150+ varying creatures (summonings) to the mix and you have a game with a lot of replay value.The game has a strategic aspect to it as well; as you level up you gain acces to more skills and abilities for your master and creatures, and your army of creatures just keeps growing, you'll have to choose wisely with your limited resources before you proceed to battle. At the beginning of a battle you'll only have your master at the battlefield, and will have to summon the creatures. Hence, you will have to choose between weaker but cheaper creatures with short summoning times suited for blitzkrieg, or strong creatures with high cost and/or long summoning times. Depending on choices your entire playstyle may have to change."
,Recommended,529160,28434886,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Beatrix Brehme,"It's pretty simple. Personally I liked how there are multiple voice actors and artists to draw for each character. Game kind of reminds me of pokemon in a sense that you 'catch' beings/gods/monsters and raise them up in level. So I guess if someone wants a simpler Final Fantasy Tactics with extremely bright colors could try this. It's also not that overly expensive so yeah, I'd say go for it. Though I wouldn't recomend it if someone hates turn-based grid strategy and the such."
,Recommended,529160,28439609,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Natulyre,Must catch all the Moe waifus. Can't stop playing.This game is actually very fun and polished. A great Tactial RPG with easy-to-understand mechanics but deep strategy.
,Recommended,529160,28458866,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Hikari,"It's a very cute game. Turn-based combat is pretty fun. Story is enjoyable in a lighthearted way. The art....who can resists Koi-sensei's art style? The game is well made even though it's a doujin game.I bought a japanese version of this game before and I gladly bought it again here for International version. Now I can finally understand the story.If you are here, chances are you are already interested in the game. Buy it and enjoy!"
76561197975845420,Not Recommended,529160,32329274,Posted: 10 June,all,Not John Malkovich,"Its fine but dont expect more than what you're paying for here.  If steam had a ""neutral"" or ""wait for high % sale"" review option this would get it.UI is clunky as all hell and not all the abilities are well explained.  Gameplay is fine for a few hours, after that it's a bit of a grindy snooze.  Post storyline content exists, but it has even more weaknesses.Ran into a few bugs, nothing game breaking, but things like achievement unlocks can sometimes be stubborn.In-game UI is plain to the point of being ugly.  The critters have a ""sprite"" and a couple of card-size pics, and that's it.  No battle animations, etc."
,Recommended,529160,28517268,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dolce,"Moe Pokemon Tactics. If you understood those three words then this game is probably for you.Very lightweight so it is perfect to play while multi-tasking on your potato.It's not really something you can get immersed into, like Pokemon or another RPG.There are lots of unique cute girls to collect inbetween story missions. They also make really cute noises so you feel bad for attacking them.The artwork for the units and portraits are very cute but the battlefields are rather plain.If you've played any other VN's or indie Japanese games you'll probably recognize some of the songs.The game is quite simple, but there are some interesting mechanics and ideas*.Overall I think it's worth the full price (12 USD) maybe even 20, just don't expect $40/50 price tier like FFT/Fire Emblem._________________*For example, Kelpie is a Scottish myth/legend that drags people into water and drowns them.In this game, Kelpie is a cute horse girl that can drag adjacent units along with her while moving, spawn water element tiles with her ""fountain"" ability and inflict immobilize on surrounding units. Pretty neat unit design!"
,Recommended,529160,29204101,Posted: 12 January,all,paralistalon,"This game gets a recommendation purely on the basis of just how deep the team building and tactical combat is.First, I had to do a Google search on the term ""moe.""  That helped the game make a lot more sense.  Basically, there's an all-female cast- not a single male character in the 170+ roster.  This should already tip you off that the story itself makes little to no sense and is just an excuse to chain together the 25 main story chapters.  This is hardly a visual novel; it takes about a minute to get through each scene.  I found the writing and chracter development to be awful at times, and it was actually hard to follow who was talking due to the UI.  The story follows the naive adolescent main character as she goes on a quest to save the world and all the people in it, even the villains, because of her utter conviction that friendship conquers all... and something confusing about curses that even after finishing the game makes no sense.  It's barfworthy, but it's also the essence of ""moe,"" so the writers deliver on their promise.While I'm on my complaints, I have to also point out my heavy sense of disappointment when I discovered that the battle maps have absolutely no graphics at all.  When I was browsing the screenshots, what looks like a complex skill web is actually the map itself.  The battlefield is oftentimes an empty 14x18 grid of grey squares.  Sometimes the battlefield is covered in an array of element tiles (e.g., leafs or water drops) that tell you when you hover over them that they represent grassland or a mountain... why they couldn't just use tiles that made the battlefield look like an actual map, I have no idea.  Terrain doesn't do much but provide a bonus to monsters of one element and a weakness to others.  Furthermore, on the graphics front, there are no character animations.  Each character gets a static sprite and a portrait ""card.""  Oh, and about a half dozen voiceover sayings.Now to the positives- the character sprites are cute and endearing, and some of the portraits are actually breathtaking.  The portrait art can be inconsistent, however, as there are a bunch of different artists, with some clearly being more talented than others.  The characters range from cute and childlike to highly erotic and suggestive.  You've got innocent ice spirit children mixed in with busty succubi and dominatrixes giving upskirt fanservice shots.  Most of the characters lean toward the latter, so if you've ""got a thing"" for sexy anime monster chicks, you're going to love it.The part that forces me to give it a thumbs up is that there is a great sense of balance in the game and a ton of different team strategies you can try out.  You can capture creatures you encounter in the game using your ""Pokeball skill"" and add them to your roster, and you can bring your main character (which has a wide range of classes and skills for herself) and up to 6 monsters with you into combat.  All your monsters start in standby, and you can summon them using your skill points- with stronger monsters taking more SP and more turns before they actually enter the battlefield.  This gives battles some tension, because even if you have collected the game's strongest monsters, an opponent who has a bunch of cheap monsters can get them all out quickly and rush you to death before your first creature is even summoned!  I can't help but feel this would be an amazing game to play multiplayer versus against other humans, but that's sadly not planned to ever be included in this game.The challenge in the main game is decent.  It's kind of too easy for an experienced RPG aficianado, and I wish there was a higher difficulty for the main story, but there were still a couple of stages that made me sweat.  The game really shines in the ""post game.""  After beating the main story, you can continue into a series of insanely difficult challenge scenarios and continue to build and level your roster.  The post game is highly confusing because of the nature of the save files- basically, save files only save your progress in a given campaign, but they all share a common pool of data, so if you capture a monster in one of your save files, it ends up appearing in an entirely separate game file!  I don't really like it, but at least it gives you an excuse to keep playing for another 50 hours if you choose."
,Recommended,529160,33772600,Posted: 24 July,all,素晴らしいポッサム,"The first thing I want to say is that I really wish there was a full artbook thing, with all the portrait and chibi/sprite art able to be viewed and enjoyed full-screen. That's something I'd pay extra for, especially if it was like Rabi-Ribi's, with the ability to choose the expressions, background, etc. for the characters where that was possible (i.e. Masters). Anyways, now that I've said that, the review for those interested. (TL;DR at the bottom, though it isn't reallythatlong...)I guess I'll start with the cons first:Only runs in 800x600 (Which I only really have a problem with because I play on my TV screen and it's really hard to see the skill explanations and stuff from the couch). There is a fullscreen option, but all it does for me is center the 800x600 screen in the center of the screen and make the background black?Controls are a little... odd. They're pretty simple, and you only need the mouse for pretty much everything, so it's not really bad, imo, just could probably be better.There are not very many options for sorting girls, and the ones there are aren't very accessible...And now for the pros:So flipping cute. The chibi versions are pretty much always too dang cute, and almost all of the portrait art is simply adorable (I don't say all because with lots of different artists and styles, there are bound to be some that don't appeal as much to you). And their voices... There are tons of different voices, and they're all so cute.Tons of girls to collect, so it can feel like a chore at times, but overall, I really enjoy it. Each girl has a page in the encyclopedia that has their portrait and chibi art, a button to hear them say random quotes from battles, and another page with the monster's ""backstory"" (Don't know if that's the best word), max stats, and skills she can learn.Tons of different abilities and skills that can be utilized for awesome strategies and powerful moves.A way to train up stats of your choosing for each monster the more you use them in battle, though the system is pretty confusing and could be alotbetter...Many different classes for the Master (player's character) that can greatly change the way you play and add replay value.TL;DR There's a lot of fun to be had and cuteness to be overwhelmed by, but it's hidden under some pretty big flaws that hopefully will be fixed eventually."
,Recommended,529160,29172175,Posted: 10 January,all,watabou,"This game is very fun. Those who've played Wakfu will have a better grasp at this game and the various mechanics.Definitely for those who enjoy tactics-type strategy games. TONS of different units, each very unique from one-another that enables for interesting team builds like deck building games such as 'Magic: The Gathering' or 'Yu-Gi-Oh'. To get new units for your collection, you enter random battles with wild creatures and weaken them to better your odds of capturing them, very much like Pokémon.A lot of my time was spent drafting different teams and reading the various flavor-texts related to their respective mythology / epic / religion they belong to. All the units are related to many different historical myths and folklore that range from minor to major deities, animals, monsters, etc. (Shinto, Hinduism, Norse, Greco-Roman and many others!)The localization team did aphenomenaljob with translations and phrasing.The bottom-line, if you enjoy cutesy-anime drawings and tactics RPGs, it would definitely be in your best interest to help support these small doujin circles and pick up this game today or wishlist for a later sale date!"
,Recommended,529160,28426831,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Sena,"A pretty solid, fun and cute game. It'll awake the weeb inside you. But the thing that made me buy this game above all, it's the fact that Koi-sensei, my favorite mangaka of all time did the art of the main girls. Man, I can't describe how much I love his art style. You may argue, but for me he is the best moe mangaka out there, followed by Namori (Yuru Yuri) and Hara Yui (Kinmoza!). Nonetheless, the game is not bad at all, and if you're wondering why I love Koi so much, just for the fact that he's the creator of ""Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu Ka?"", the most godamm cute manga/anime of all time. Go read/watch it if you never did, and if you don't like moeblob and whatnot, why are you even reading reviews for this game?PS: Yeah, my review was a little biased, but when you're such a huge fan of someone or somethig you just don't care. The game's not bad though, really."
76561198353560029,Recommended,529160,29024363,Posted: 4 January,all,GM Shiro,This is a fun game for those who like turn based games and like a wide variety of characters and classes the initial story is easy to beat as a healer with the right team and after beating the game u can unlock other characters in and play harder modes overall great game.
76561198346505361,Recommended,529160,34831262,Posted: 9 September,all,SuitingGhost,"The name speaks for it.The bonus mode(post game) is the real fun part, where the game becomes challenging, so just don't miss it."
,Recommended,529160,28717693,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dubturt,"Feels very Disgaea, which is goodMoe afSimple gameplay"
,Recommended,529160,29815845,Posted: 9 February,all,Dawn Sky,"A fantastic game with strong RPG elements that are rooted in a well-refined and trusty system.I came here for the eyecandy, especially considering how Koi-sensei did the art for the main characters, but really, what keeps me here is the battle system. Interestingly enough, it's actually quite fun to experiment with team builds and synergy. Although I've played only so few grid and turn based RPGs, I think this is recommendable for how much fun I have with it. I really wish I got the artbook with the kickstarter, but the game is so solid that I can't complain much.There's some minor problems with the UI, especially when you set it to fullscreen, so that was kinda inconvenient, but playing windowed wasn't really a problem for me.The game gets a solid 8/10 from me, especially for that cheap price tag."
,Recommended,529160,28918699,Posted: 1 January,all,Pyro Sasebo,"Very cute game, the gameplay has a few rough edges but its certainly there and fun. Changing the camera angle is kind of a pain and the movement from place to place isnt as cute as it could be, all girls are voiced and very cute, you cant fullscreen and alt tab without the game freezing so be warned. I recommend getting this if youd like to support the developers, id love to see them make more games, especially like this."
76561198330905503,Recommended,529160,29997377,Posted: 17 February,all,dwilshaw,"Good fun game, not the best of graphics but good fun and great gameplay.  lots of cool characters to collect, like a cross between Pokemon and Disgaea"
76561198039983341,Recommended,529160,29212157,Posted: 12 January,all,King Berzer,"The tactical part of the name is not just for show. Gameplay wise it's somewhere just between final fantasy tactics and pokemon in all the best ways. The wealth of diverse and interesting units (in the form of moe girls) coupled with deep terrain, weather and summoning systems make for an incredibly fun and interesting experience. Well designed AI means that matches aren't too easy and in some cases really incredibly tense even when flexing all of your strategic brain bits. definitely worth a try whether you're just in it for moe or if you're a fan of srpg's in general. 9/10"
76561198041179086,Recommended,529160,32460942,Posted: 15 June,all,Akikojam,"This might seem boring at first and the story is not very interesting, with everyone picking a fight with protagonist for no apparent reason. But when you get to higher level, things get really tactical and interesting. Especially for more complicated classes, like Evoker or Necromancer."
76561197971052666,Recommended,529160,34725093,Posted: 3 September,all,alexmepr,A great tactical RPG. Lots of diferent things to try.
,Recommended,529160,33950969,Posted: 1 August,all,KuroNeko the Loli Ruler,"Cute and simple, what i was expecting from this game.i've seen better but would still recommend this to pass time."
76561198071088778,Recommended,529160,28812666,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,IMDATLEGIT,"I've just played for only 30min, will update after a nap.The game is okay up untill now only, it run smooth and does feel disgea-ish (abit)but only one tiny problem, probably not tho.It is the game is controlled via mouse, here the story, before i start the main game ( on title screen)i go to setting/config to fiddle around, and there i was, stuck for a few minute left-clicking everywhere to get out of the setting menu. if you want to get out, simply and gently right-click......i feel ashamed.Dont get me wrong here, there is no problem with the game and it does prvide with ingame tutorial.it is that im just a lowly bird brain hoping that my fellow birdbrain wont get stuck like i do.P.s- Its morning now, hence the bird joke.......sorry"
76561198012155354,Recommended,529160,29857519,Posted: 11 February,all,puni puni [DEUS VULT],A very good tactical RPG for the price. There are so many cute creatures to collect. Great art and voice acting.
,Recommended,529160,30062026,Posted: 20 February,all,SuperFluffyCouchSnake,"Fun and good RPG + army builder, personally I built a party full of loli's and got insanely bored of the game, I feel like I stopped having fun once the concept got old....and nothing new got my attention. After pampering my now lvl 50 loli party I took on the story and just felt utterly bored of it all, combat was as it always has been but I can't feel like I need to waste my time when the combat music is replaced with loli tea time music, not evena  slightly exciting music track asides one I heard ONCE. But if you like the games cute characters then go for it! there are a lot of them....soo have fun with that and play in doses. It'd be nice if they could add something a bit more challenging or maybe make the music less sleep inducing. 7 loli's out of 10 because someone stole the three others."
76561198038546388,Recommended,529160,28576435,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Jseah,"I played this in japanese!A wonderfully tactically diverse tRPG, play as Iruse wielding her all purpose cute girl- ahem spirit summoning, blasting and capturing Nursery Rhyme!  Gotta collect 'em- ahem.  What's there not to like?The only drawbacks are the 2D sprites not playing well with changing the camera angles and the way that all terrain is flat with some bonuses.  Still a very strong offering and a definite plus."
76561198047600013,Recommended,529160,29804584,Posted: 9 February,all,"FR- ""Froggy""- X","~10 hours in so far, ignore gametime, most of it's offline mode+Lots of characters, great majority of them interesting.+Tonnes of grinding,  leveling, that sort of thing.+Endless quantities of cute squeaks and other sound effects.+Much of the art is great, made by professionals.+All the chibi artwork is really, really nice.+In depth combat system, choosing the right team and swapping girls in and out is engaging and meaningful.+Pricing is reasonable.AI is capable, but it's not good. If you charge in with a dangerous character it won't try to prioritise its destruction for example. It tends to spread damage out among your characters,-Skills are pretty similar and predictable, i.e. skill ""A"" has 70 power, 1 AOE, 3 range, then substitute 5 of that power to improve one of the other two and call it skill ""B"". RInse and repeat for all elements.-Although much of the art is very good, much of it is also autistic deviant-art tier cringe. It's annoying having to look at it when I want to use the character in my team. Fortunately, the autistic stuff is mostly for the weaker characters that aren't used very often.-Game freezes on use of several skills, tab in/out solves it.-No multiplayer-No quit button (yes, really)-Game mat is pretty boring. Not asking for studio quality 3D graphics, but something a little more than a grey square, or a coloured square with a symbol on it, would be nice.-Still not sure what a couple of the abbreviations on the stat card mean or do.-low resolution. Looks bad on some screens.-no difficulty levels, at present it's far too easy.-""Story"" is just a series of very short (30 second-1 minute) scenes designed to give context to the 24 main battles.Would recommend despite negatives: 6.5/10. It's mostly a matter of attention to detail.With multiplayer as it is: 7.5/10With most of the negatives smoothed out: 9/10With all the art drawn by capable artists? 9.5/10"
76561197984734846,Recommended,529160,30354042,Posted: 6 March,all,Karel,"This game is cute and fun, one thing that would make it better would be 'maximise' without having to go full screen (which when you have 4 monitors is a bit of an issue)Overall I am enjoying the game and look forward to playing more of it!"
76561197962640534,Recommended,529160,31696541,Posted: 11 May,all,[Shinta]Enishi,"Decent turn-based tactical game. Card art is a mixed bag, some look great, others look like a child scribbled on it. Once you collect all masters/monsters you plateau on options. Story is trite, I skipped the majority of it. Somewhat unbalanced. Taunting decoys are OP, beat every mission as hunter with them.ProsCard artVoice actingfast battles ( no animations to slow it down)Consmaps are hideousCan't truly customize statsMany useless skills"
76561198146522541,Recommended,529160,29326193,Posted: 17 January,all,khermerker,well its a cute game srpg.. if you like it well and like cute chars its for you... maps are not so good detailed ost its well cute... basicly if ou come here cause follow cute+strategy.. then buy this game really
,Recommended,529160,31559792,Posted: 5 May,all,べんごしにろり,SO ♥♥♥♥ING MOE I CANT HANDLE IT
,Recommended,529160,31718764,Posted: 13 May,all,TomokaM,Moe rules the world~~!
,Not Recommended,529160,32632189,Posted: 21 June,all,jlneo,"The art is amazing and cute, and I loved the character designs. However, late-game story mode became a huge grindfest of epic proportions that completely turned me off of the game. Sad to say I couldn't get a refund, either, due to playtime. Really wanted one."
,Recommended,529160,33207030,Posted: 3 July,all,PurpleHeart,this game is sooooo effing cute its unreal
,Not Recommended,529160,29545100,Posted: 28 January,all,Jambatti,"Good idea, but awful realisation.TBS combat here really looks like as it is in deep, but clumsy controls kills all joy here.The art is really good, but with only resolution of 600x800 and no option to change, it looks awful on modern monitors.The menu bars and HUD navigation overall is wicked, e.g. there is no ♥♥♥♥ing ""quit"" button. For real?Looks like they haven't do any testing before launching this game. And altrough i do like this game's concept, in fact i don't enjoy playing it."
76561198201823919,Recommended,529160,32681683,Posted: 23 June,all,Kaiser,Ravioli Ravioli please don't sexualize the monster Lolis!
76561198119528087,Recommended,529160,29250425,Posted: 14 January,all,WeWłasnejOsobie,Buy it. For the plot.
76561198156663862,Recommended,529160,33151933,Posted: 2 July,all,Woodyconquers,Lots of tactical fun and tons of cool girls to capture nice game.
,Recommended,529160,33287773,Posted: 5 July,all,Kaen,good game. gets weirdly hard at one point tho. but the idea of the game is pretty good.
76561198149300532,Recommended,529160,33830227,Posted: 27 July,all,teeheehee,"locked into 800x600 resolution, which wasn't a problem for me but could be for others.other than that;Don't be fooled, this game is much more than just cute. It's also an incredibly competent and in-depth SRPG with a lot of content. I've played about 60 hours and i've barely started the postgame.the game isn't easy, either. as for the grind other people complain of...well if you've ever played pokemon (pre exp-share changes), this is a lot less grindy than that.*That said, the last two missions of the main game will probably take a few tries.it's also controlled with only the mouse, which takes a bit of getting used to.so... yeah. The title of the game is right; although I'd probably say it's even more tactical than adorable.I really enjoyed it, and will continue to do so.if you like SRPGs you'll probably maybe like it. I wouldn't get itjustfor the girls but hey, it's up to you.*normally just finishing one story mission will put your whole team at the right level for the next one, and because of the way exp works lower level creatures level up faster and catch up to the level of your master before too long"
