user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,529180,34197787,Posted: 12 August,all,Cinnax,"I don't give reviews as often as I like, but sometimes a game simply requires one. I work professionally in the game industry, so, this review will be from the perspective of my experience in both game develpment and playing Dark and Light. I am NOT a developer from Snail Games, nor have I ever contributed to this project.First thing I must point out is that this game is ""Early Access."" Generally, this means that the game is not ready for release and you can expect performance issues, lack of ""optimizations"", many bugs, and incomplete systems. However, you are given the opportunity to purchase the game at a lower cost than an actual release, able to help guide the direction of the game and its systems, and are helping the developers find game-breaking issues so they can be fixed.Now to review the game itself!The game is very much similar to Ark in the following regards:1)  The overall art style, including shaders, and visual effects (outside of the introduction of magical elements) is nearly identical. I would not be surprised if many of the assets (technical and physical) are ported directly from the Ark project. This is not a negative. The ability to reuse assets within a company is a logical and necessary component for decreasing development costs. Not every game has millions of dollars available to support long development cycles with large teams.2)  The game is survival-based, again nearly identical to ark. The resorce collection system mirrors Ark nearly to a fault. I ask, why create a new system when the one you have experience with works well?3)  The srever issues experienced in Ark is mirrored in Dark and Light.  The main issue with this is not the game engine (i.e. UE4). These issues are due to the resource collection choice for this game and the actual networking code/system that both Ark and Dark and Light use. UE4's network architecture was designed for lobby-based networking with less than 50 simultaneous players. Additionally, UE was originally designed for FPS games - whose systems are much lighter and less resource intensive than MMO, RPG, or Survival games.If the server is authoritative, the server must process all collisions. Ark and Dark and light have an enormous amount of collision detections happening. Nearly every object is interactable with collisions; rocks, trees, plants, animals, people, etc. That is VERY demanding for a server. When you add latency, the server can easily lag behind player movement and force tranform updates resulting in ""rubber banding"" effects and stuttering.One other point here - with the sheer amount of objects being tracked by the server, frequent server saves and ""cleanup"" is required. This means that you will regularly experience sudden drops in frame rates and increased stuttering. Additionaly, as you enter areas with higher a higher density of players and objects (including player build-structures, developer created structures, NPCs, etc.) you will definitely experience lag. THe server is processing a LOT of movements, rotations, collisions, and item/inventory updates.Ark comparison conclusion.The game is similar to Ark. This cannot be denied. However, the game hass refined  and transformed that experience into something that, in my opinion, stands apart. Here are the things that are much different:1)  The skill system is no longer entirely point based. Gaining experience is divided between two synergetic systems; character and skills. As you gain character experience you gain character levels. Upon reaching a new level you get to spend points in character (physical) abilities (i.e. Attack, Stamina, Focus, Constitution, Weight, etc.).  However, character level translates to skills in one simple aspect; They open up higher skill ranks that you can train. To understand this, let's look at the skill system.The skill system is a return to the ""learn by doing"" systems introduced by games such as Ultima Online. As you perform actions, such as combat, taming, harvesting, and crafting, tou earn experience in specific skills. Some action may provide experience in multiple skills. Each skill can be ""leveled up"" independent of character leveling. Each skill level, or ""rank"" gives you a new ability or item that becomes craftable.Each skill has a max level of Rank 8 - if I recall correctly. However, skill ranks are unlocked by character level, so, in effect, character level limits how far you can train a skill. Personally, I do not agree with this approach, but it is not a bad system.2)  Dark and light has introduced factions/races. Instead of individual ""clan/guild"" wars, there are also faction wars as well. The game encourages cooperation within factions, though not requiring it, with the looming threat of opposing factions. This also gives rise to territorial disputes, etc.3)  Fantasy setting with mystical creatures (rather than dinosaurs),  spell, melee, and ranged combat styles. The introduction of magical abilities gives rise to a whole new dimension in the Ark-like survival game.4)  RPG elements such as NPC merchants, factional cities and town, and limited questing. The game is creating a world for you to be engaged with while maintaing much of the sandbox feel that Ark gave.5)  Factional based crafting. This is not a huge aspect, but when a developer takes the time to provide aesthetics  to help you feel more engaged in your faction choice, I consider it a very huge bonus. Each faction has specific structural building components that reflect the ideals of their race. For instance, elves are more attuned to nature and unlock structural components that are more ....earthy and natural. Dwarves are more rugged and attuned to stome and metal, and their structures reflect this. Humans tend to be more industrial and build mainly for structural fortification rather than any attunement to the natural world.Gameplay-Finally, I must say that the style of gameplay that build/craft style survival games introduces is the same throughout the genre and not slpecific to Ark or Dark and Light. Games like H1Z1 Survive, Minecraft (in some ways), 7-Days To Die, and Rust also suffer from player ""trolls"", griefers, and the influx of ""international"" raiders. The game is not responsible for this,the people are. I don't believe that it is fair to criticize the integrity of the game, its development, or the gameplay due to the social/gameplay actions of the people playing it. Obviously, the game would be more enjoyable without these people, but playing public servers comes with these ""side effects.""In conclusion, the game is very good for what it is. I cannot negatively criticize a game because it is not the type or ""style"" of game I enjoy. The game is well done for its development stage, and if the frequency of updates and fixes continue the way they are now, I am sure that Dark and Light will mature into a great game...for those masochistic gamers like me."
,Recommended,529180,33685756,Posted: 20 July,all,Bowser,"I usually don't like to rate games until I feel like I've played them a sufficient amount, but seeing as how the reviews are mostly negative despite the game being out less than 24 hours and that it is in EARLY ACCESS, I felt the need to try and help even out the reviews.The game is in day 1 of Early Access, if you don't expect bugs, glitches, or even crashes, you really shouldn't touch anything in Early Access because you obviously don't know what that means. The game is out to the public in it's early stages so the devs can get the public to help them test, find bugs, get suggestions, as well as get funding to do those things (game development takes time and money people, sorry you can't just get whatever you want for free.)From what I've played so far, I can say I really like what I've seen so far and it seems this game has good potential. I played a lot of ARK and some Conan, but ARK got too techy for me, I hate guns and tech, and their Primitive mods are buggy and make the game load so much slower so it's hardly even an option. And Conan was meh. The magic is really neat in this game and I can't wait to level up and get to play with it more. I've encountered a few bugs and crashes so far, but again, that's to be expected in Early Access.(will edit and add more to the review once I spend more time on it tonight)edit: So after playing for several more hours, building a few small shabby (thatch for ARK players) houses and having them stay up for about a day it was pretty nice and chill. I love how leveling up the skills work. It's not just you level your character up and get skills points to dump into whatever you choose, you have to perform certain tasks to earn exp for each skill tree to unlock more schematics. I do kind of think some things are spread out too far, like the bedroll at level 10 when you kind of need it to replenish focus (I know the inns/rentable houses were supposed to do that, but as of now they do not). I tamed a sheep and a boar and bought a horse from the town's stable, unfortunately all of them are currently deseased thanks to two r00d PvPers (eh oh well). All around pretty enjoyable so far, with about what, 12 hours in? Graphics are nice, and the view distance is really nice too. I can see player houses farther off than you ever could in ARK (at least I think so, it's been a while since I played ARK, but I do remember having to get fairly close to see buildings). Only particularly annoying bugs I've come across so far are : Rented rooms aren't working atm, if anyone in the vacinity melees or uses a spell/weapon it seems like that sound effect plays for you at the same volume as if you were doing it, sometimes the melee sound keeps going, and the occassional crash. (Sometimes it would happen twice in a row, sometimes it would be hours apart, to be expected of a game in EA.)"
76561198011872421,Not Recommended,529180,34073450,Posted: 6 August,all,Rajuta,"wow here we go again, chinese players fill up the american servers and take full advantgae of every glitch/exploit in the game. Glitching thru walls and turning the house shields off. then  leveling your base, over and over. makes the game near unplayable. DEVS if your watching your game will end up just like conan, Hacked so hard everyone stoped playing. well i doubt they care. you need to put a ping limiter, send the cheaters to play with other cheaters. anyways im probably just some dumb american...."
,Recommended,529180,33682712,Posted: 20 July,all,doobit,"They're alot of negative reviews for this, almost stopped me from purchasing. GLAD I DIDN""T LISTEN. The initial loading screen does take FOREVER, but it's the only one. once I was in, everything seemed pretty smooth to me. Seemed a bit confusing at first, but I followed the tutorial and things started to make sense.Great PvP system by the way. I was interested in this because of the open world PvP and I was not Dissapointed. First minute in game I charged a level 5, I was promptly and justly killed by him. he then looted my itemless body.People are saying it's an Ark clone. I couldn't careless if they copied anything, I'm just going off what I was playing. I'm enjoying myself, and I really didn't want to stop playing to rite this, but I couldn't just let the negative reviews discourage other from trying.I like RPG's, MMO's, PVP, and this ticks all the boxes, saw another post saying this is like ESO/WOW/Ark combined, eh I suppose that's close enough.I like it, so far so good, if you're reading this you will too.-and hey  if not you can always refund, what you got to lose?"
,Not Recommended,529180,34098400,Posted: 8 August,all,Sinistrad,"EDIT: For those asking, QA = Quality Assurance, which is the official title of most Game Testers and other people who find and track bugs in games. They're paid professionsals--game developers--who help to ensure that released (live) games are as free of major issues as possible,andhelp ensure betas/alphas are at least resonably playable so that players can provide useful feedback.DISCLAIMER:If you don't understand the situation between Snail and Wildcard regarding DnL and ARK, go educate yourself. There's good reason this is an ""ARK clone"" and it has nothing to do with Snail stealing anything. I mention ARK in my review but Snail's relationship with Wildcard played no part in my decision to not recommend Dark and Light. Below I judge DnL/Snail on their own merits with references to ARK for context only.REVIEW:The status of ""Early Access"" does not absolve developers from all responsibility for game-breaking bugs. Early Access does not give developers license to treat their players like QA.Snail is currently sitting on the wrong side of the above two statements.This game is in early alpha and is not nearly up to the quality oneshouldexpect of an early access game. Do not buy this game unless you want all the pain points of being QA withnoneof the tools and advantages available to actual, professional QA.This game is gorgeous. This game is huge. Exploring the map is breathtaking... and infuriating. The current state of the engine means it cannot load the game assets fast enough, and the game will stutter to the point you'll be unable to play for anywhere from several seconds to manyminuteswhile it catches up. In the meantime, you can only hope a creature does not come by and pick a fight while you're essentially helpless. And when you die, you lose everything including (probably) your mount, just like in ARK. Expect to start over from next to nothing repeatedly, possibly daily. It doesn't matter if you're an experienced player, the bugswillkill you.Like ARK, creature models' collision is not a box or cylinder, but the actual model itself (or a low-poly version). Swishing tails and flapping wings will cause your character to rubber band, get stuck, and otherwise provide constant obstruction that would be comical if it weren't so damn infuriating. Same goes for dead creatures, which have both ragdoll physics and collision, leading to runaway physics simulations that can bring entire servers to their knees when a corpse goes ballistic and ""explodes"" into a mess of flashing triangles. Even if that doesn't happen, you'll often be prevented from getting close enough to harvest a corpse by all manner of spines, horns, and hilariously contorted limbs.In short, this is a big beautiful game with so much potential. I actually like it better than ARK. Or, more precisely, I like what it could be. And if Dark and Light's only major issue was lack of content I could get behind it. Unfortunately, the developers want to treat their players like QA, instead of like players. Bugs which are causing players to quit are not handled with the urgency that they would be in a live, released game. Live game or not, they still have real-live (and paying) players who aren't going to wait around a couple of weeks for critical issues to get fixed.Since I already bought the game and sunk in 160 hours, I'll keep an eye on it and update my review if the situation changes."
76561198031358843,Recommended,529180,33792052,Posted: 25 July,all,High Skilled Neckbeard,"Dark and Light is the experience that I wanted from ARK but never got, finally being the game that properly merges survival and fantasy genres. The game is tough and forces you to work hard to fight the environment, unlike a lot of survival games that have a negligible PvE experience resulting in rampant KoSing just to have fun. The skill system is much improved over ARK's, with no skill points to spend you can truly master everything if you put the time into it. The map is huge and beautiful, teeming with diverse fantasy wildlife. Personally, the game runs great for me. Everything set to high/ultra and staying above 60fpsThere are issues with the game. Namely, many people seem to be having serious performance issues. There is also some lag when harvesting resources which makes the game frustrating at times, like when you just want 1 wood but have to spend minutes waiting for the server to catch up. The game also suffers from the experience gap that ARK had where if you're a high level, you can just easily stomp over everyone lower than you due to having flying mounts, way better armor, and top-tier spells. Luckily, it seems like because of the difficulty of the game compared to other survivals, high level players are more willing to help you than hurt you. Overall, I highly recommend Dark and Light if you enjoy survival or fantasy games; it had a solid launch and is full of content, but still suffers from many of the problems that Early Access games tend to have (server lag, optimization)."
,Recommended,529180,33736819,Posted: 22 July,all,TheLostBoys,"Pros:- If you like sandbox games, you can do way worse than this one.- Some mechanics are better thought than Ark's.- Nice character designs and art in gereral.- This game will be great.Cons:- No campaign.- Bugs (early access).- Lag (early access).- Bad optimization (early access).Wait for a more stable release if you like. I'm having fun right now. :)"
76561197989664109,Not Recommended,529180,33966337,Posted: 2 August,all,NuclearSqworms,"I've played the game to level 27 thus far on official servers (no exp bonuses or easy settings, et cetera).I joined an official US server, US Knight 2. I was surprised to see many Chinese playing on the server (maybe half of the people online).The newbie area has no NPCs, because the Chinese guild, BDLX (search for them on the discussion forums - apparantly they are on many of the US servers), wipes out all NPCs. They do not respawn. I've only seen one NPC in the game, at some kind of travel tower that doesnt work.The mobs have no rhyme or reason to where they are found in the game. This means mobs spawn in the newbie dwarf city and high level creatures roam right near where you first spawn into the game. There are no NPCs for you to train the mobs to, since they are destroyed by players (in our server's case, the Chinese guild). You will notice some bunny looking mobs with levels ranging from 1 to 120 randomly in all areas, along with sheep frolicking with dragons, unicorns and ice wolves, anything you can think of just randomly thrown around on the map. You cannot tell what level a creature is until you are already right up on it (probably agro) and the fight with the mob is very different if it is lower level than if it's higher level... extremely different - even for the same creature. There is no ""higher level"" area where you know to find higher level mobs - again, they can spawn right in front of your very first login point.The terrain is prone to bad geometry that you can get stuck in. There is no way to get unstuck except to kill yourself. This is worse for any creature you have tamed (which takes 20m to an hour from my experience). If a creature you have tamed gets stuck, it has to be left. If you are high level, you can create an item that will allow you to summon it (but this take a lot of materials that aren't just easy to obtain). In the time I played, 3 creature tames were lost this way.The collision between you, one of your tames, and an agressive mob can leave all parties involved STUCK inside of each other. This happens very frequently. If you are stuck in a mob, you cannot move and will likely die. The same for your tames.The melee within the game is wonky. If you use a sword, you have two attacks - one with left click and one with right click. The left click is a weak single swipe, while the right click is a dragon ball Z roundhouse swipe (I guess). When you press right click, your toon actually starts the animation about 5 feet behind your starting position. It is almost impossible to do any type of melee efficiently this way. It also will aim you in any direction but the one you want to swipe at. Many times, once you have pressed right click, when you go back to left clicking, the right click action will continue to be used. This must be a bug, but it isnt fixed. The other weapons in the game involved in melee are similar. The bow is the only weapon that did not have issues.Magic in this game is crafted, meaning you craft what they call a schema. WIth a staff equipped, you equip a schema, such as fireball. As you use your staff to cast your fireball, the schema loses charges. It will break in the middle of a fight, and you will have to craft another one if you want to cast fireball again. These break very fast, so don't think you will be just using a lot of magic. Also, you have a magic bar that goes down when casting magic. However, this almost never runs out because your schema will break beforehand, or you will die. I havent been in any long fights where mana was an issue, even though I crafted potions with a 3 hour rot time in case I did run out of magic. Using magic also makes your focus go down, meaning you need to eat flowers <boggle>. So, when you use magic - your schema loses charges, your magic goes down and your focus goes down. Magic does do good damage to other players, in general though. Many of those Chinese greifers would one shot me at low level with a lightning bolt. Oh, and there are only a few spells.. maybe less than 10, and many of those are upgrades of lower level spells (fireball 1, 2.. etc).Back to the BDLX guild, I'm not sure if they are from other games, but they have made a few servers that I know of unplayable. There is no region lock, so the US servers appear to be preferred to asian players. There is significant langauge barrier, and so far, I just see that they are hostile.Video lag is something that is horrible. I have over the minimum requirements to run the game, and even on medium settings you will have screen freezes for more than 10 seconds when travelling into new areas. Sometimes swinging around too fast to fight a mob will cause you to freeze mid battle. When you are unfrozen, the mob has already had a few swings - which makes fair PVE difficult. On medium settings, the textures look bad (you can see some of my screenshots - I tried taking most at high levels, but many are medium settings).Verdict: I could not recommend this game in its current form, and I am not sure about the company and how willing they are to fix some of the things that make the game unenjoyable and unplayable."
76561198021576506,Recommended,529180,33725166,Posted: 22 July,all,xBCrafted,"Not sure what game the bad reviewers played, but im pretty sure it wasnt this one. I have nearly 11 hours in Dark and Light already, and look forward to many more hours in game. I love the leveling based skill system. Taming is fairly straight forward early game. Bugs/glitches/optimizations will be fixed/worked on over time.I run the game on all epic settings (gtx1080/i7 7700/SSD), and have not seen any major FPS drops. (Except on loading screens, cause thats what loading screens do, in nearly all games.)Do i think this is an ""ARK clone""? No. Sure, it has some of the same mechanics, but thats due to the game engine, not them trying to copy Ark. DnL has a completely different play style.TLDR: If you are looking for a promising EA title, get this game. I bought it for the $25 asking price, and have zero regrets doing so. All EA titles have some bugs. Just the way it is."
,Recommended,529180,33799193,Posted: 25 July,all,Silan,"I really enjoy playing this game!Made a little clan with my boyfriend and a friend, and it's been really fun to play this game together.It's similar to ark in many ways, an improvement in many things.The structures are way better looking (the wood windows/doors is just amazing!)There are towns, and a currency.I like the taming system, but I wish you wouldn't need a feeding trough to tame. Gonna be alot of those around.The crafting/skill system is really nice, much better than ARK's engrams.I really enjoy getting new spells to my staff, not always relying on my pet for combat.Probably a lot more I didn't discover yet!There are some annoying bugs, and it lags at times, but it's an early access game after all.One thing I don't like is that the spells can break. Doesn't it make more sense if the staff breaks?In conclusion, so far so good!I can't wait to see what this game evolves into!"
,Not Recommended,529180,33904238,Posted: 30 July,all,Drop Bear,"This game has huge potential - I don't recommend never buying it, but I wish I had waited to buy it, and I recommend you hold off on buying until the game-breaking issues are fixed (assuming they will be).Most of the users recommending this game excused its flaws by pointing out the fact that it's in early access. While this is true, there is a difference between ""buggy and needs work"" and ""unplayable"". This game unfortunately falls under the latter category.Single Player mode works beautifully with very few issues, but the moment you go into PvE or PvP:There are devestating issues with de-syncing of both players and creatures. This renders combat nearly impossible, especially in PvP - it's pretty difficult to hit a target that's teleporting around while you're teleporting as well. The combat in this game is simply not viable. Creatures that are meant to aggro you don't necessarily. They will sometimes stand there, not realizing they're being stabbed to death. When they do aggro, they will teleport around (sometimes into the air if they are a creature that has jumping capabilities), and your hits will miss the majority of the time unless you use ranged weapons. Harvesting their corpses is even worse. They will appear to be in one location on your screen but due to the de-syncing could be anywhere, which means when you're trying to harvest you have to swing blindly hoping you'll hit the creature, wherever it may be. Because of this, the bigger creatures are much easier to harvest (you're more likely to hit them) while the small creatures like rabbits and sheep are usually impossible.Combat against players is worse. You can stand point blank in front of someone and both swing punches or swords repeatedly (on a pvp/Knight server) and take/deal zero damage.Creatures and other players are no threat currently.I haven't even attempted taming yet, so I don't have any input on that.Gathering from resources (trees, rocks, plants) can be problematic as well. You gather very slowly, perhaps obtaining 1 item every 5 to 10 hits, whereas in single player, each hit gives resources.All of these problems do improve when you move away from the spawn points and towns, but they're still very much there.I would call the game nearly unplayable in its current state, unfortunately. I had high hopes for this, as someone who thoroughly enjoyed Ark Survival. These issues need to be fixed.Other cons:- forced 3rd person mode - this is a matter of personal preference. I greatly prefer first person view in games like this. The scenery is so beautiful, but it is cheapened by the awkward, somewhat jerky, odd animations. I feel that the character models don't fit in completely with the style and look of the terrain so it looks a bit strange and displaced. The characters move somewhat stiffly and I'd very much enjoy a good view of everything in front of me instead of always seeing my character off to the side. Camera angles also seem a bit weird.- Some of the sound effects (I played as a human female) are just atrocious. The 'dehydrated' sound effect is a constant spamming of a horrendous groan. When hungry, your stomach rumbles continuously. I think the sound effects need to be less spammy and some of them just need to be completely redone.- You can drink water from anywhere, including the sea, with no repurcussions. This was the case in Ark as well. This isn't a huge deal, but it really cheapens the ""survival"" aspect when you can drink salt water for hydration or get your hydration instantly filled from rainfall...why not introduce some sort of water filtering system & rain barrels?- I had heard that the map for this game is huge - bigger than Ark's. I don't know whether that was an official statement or not, but regardless, it's not true. I was greatly disappointed when I realized that. The map is around the same size as the maps in Ark, if not smaller. It's still an okay size, but when you have a lot of people playing, land-grabbing with pillars/foundations, and building huge houses and castles, you run out of room quick (and the game lags much much more). On PvE, there's no room to build. Already. I had to go far from town to even find a place to set down my campfire.On a more positive note:- The game is beautiful; exploration is marvelous!- Building is quite good. It works similarly to Ark and has similar issues with placement - sometimes it's a struggle to put a ceiling in, for example, and you have to keep moving around to get it to snap. But overall, the buildings look nice, and it's very enjoyableI haven't given up on this game. Almost all of the issues with it can be fixed. I hope that they are fixed sooner than later. I would hate to see this game turn out to be like Conan Exiles.If you want to play this game single player only, I'd say go ahead and get it now!**EDIT/UPDATE:According to several comments (I have not tried myself), servers with very small player bases also work fine. It seems that official or private servers with moderate to large player bases cannot handle the load. This needs to be addressed and hopefully remedied!End of Update**If you want to do PvE or PvP, just hold off for now. Wait and see what the Devs do about all of these problems. I can't recommend the game to anyone hoping to PvE or PvP right now. I truly hope that changes soon."
76561198045111055,Recommended,529180,33769046,Posted: 24 July,all,Cjshake,"I feel like a lot of people don't fully understand ""early access"".  The game still has room to improve and optimization but the world is beatuiful.  The magic system is fun and beatuiful, the combat is entertaining, the crafting leveling system is a good change from Ark.  If you go into this game thinking it is finished you will be disappointed.  The developers have stated they are 30% finished, so be aware of this.  If you want a Fantasy version of Ark and, in my opinion a better version, this is a great game for you."
76561198093829295,Not Recommended,529180,34674702,Posted: 1 September,all,Chal'Mek the Grey,"I had high hopes for this game, even in early access. I really want to love this game and play it... It has a considerable amount of potential, but at this point in its development, I can only recommend that it be avoided. The Devs are allocating more time and effort to content than they are to fixing bugs and glitches, some of which are game killers.Some of those bugs are:1) Sometimes, when you die, you fall through the world and your things are unrecoverable. Worst felt when you have spent 10 hours making items (like the extremely high time cost iron hook arrows) only to lose them irecoverably. Has occurred for me about 50% of the time when dying.2) There are many locations where you get stuck and cannot exit, and have to trigger your own death to escape. Some of these locations cannot be accessed to get your things, without getting stuck again. The locations are out in the open, like on the side of a mountain pass, for example.3) Desyncing with the environment - This can happen at anytime, anywhere. Sometimes with up to a 10 second delay before the action catches up to you. Especially bad when in combat with anything. The issue is worse still when you are on a mount. I have seen delays as long as 20 seconds, had the ""rubberband"" effect occur for 8-10 seconds and sometimes never even had the resync occur at all.3) The Devs change the terrain without warning. Example - Individual on my server lost most of his stone base (that he spent a large number of hours building) because the devs changed the shape of a mountain and where its caves were located.Some things that are not glitches, but are seriously unbalanced game mechanics:1) Minimal to no difference in upgraded equipment - Stone axe to Iron Axe, for example. Cost is significantly more, but not commensurate with value. Barely gives more than the stone axe. The Staves has no effect when upgraded - they draw just as many shards whether it is the base staff or the battlestaff, and they do not affect spell damage, duration or any other spell effect.2) Exhorbinant cost for some character made items - Iron hook arrows, for example - These are a 1 shot item and require a rare ""drop"" from your own farming, or in highly limited quantity from vendors, when the vendors actually work.3) A pet becomes weaker than its wild counterpart after being tamed. I had a level 112 Bargesh and was unable to kill a level 40 bargesh without my 112 bargesh dying as a result.Until the developers put more effort into fixing these things, it will only serve to frustrate you to the point of quiting. Avoid this game until its had these bugs fixed and that it can be shown that the devs are more concerned with fixing problems than they are with always adding new things.**Yes, new content is important, but not as important as fixing game breaking bugs.**New Update 9/15/17 - Snail Games just lost my business. I lost everything, my things, my base, tames, on my official server because I was not able to log into the game for 5 days due to HURRICANE IRMA and power loss... 5 days. WTF?!?!"
,Recommended,529180,33685361,Posted: 20 July,all,alphakater,"Please just ignore the ppl that played 20 minutes after release. They did not see s**t of this game and it is really not that bad. All the great ones had their starting issues. This game is What ark should have been for MMO fans. It has everything a MMO player ever wanted. Please keep in mind that this is a very Early Access game. Its ""bigger brother"" (ARK) had a terrible issue with the performance in the beginning too.My Opinion is, give this game a chance and don't judge the book by its cover.The skillsystem is amazing. You actually have to do something to learn stuff and not only spend some skill points and you can not only Tame a Dragon! You can BE one!Just see where it gets and don't let it die because it does not diserve to die!"
,Recommended,529180,33781074,Posted: 25 July,all,A Pen Salesman,"It's only been out for like 4 or 5 days as I write this.  Now the negative reviews call it an ARK clone, loading screen simulator, too buggy to function, not optimized, etc.  Now If you think ARK ran perfectly when it first came out then you're living under a rock.  That game is now 60 bucks and there's still things broken about it they haven't fixed.I don't have much time in it yet, but it's been fairly enjoyable so far even with the bugs.  I think the whole design is a cooler concept than ARK because I'm more interested in fantasy with magic over guns and rockets and explosives.  I'll just kind of point out some things I think are good an bad so far and maybe they'll positively or negatively influence depending on how you view your games.PROS:- Starting towns.  You don't have to just spawn somewhere in the wild without protection.  There's 3 starting towns so far at least.- Skills system.  I think its pretty cool that you can master everything over time, but should probably focus in several aspects first and team up with people to divide and conquer.- Magic.  Nuff said.  Really though the magic is pretty cool for quite a few of the spells.  Someday I'll get telekinesis and be a human catapult launching rocks.- Taming.  It's an ""ARK clone"" afterall.  Taming is done a bit different though- No engrams.  As you master skills you learn the crafting items that way.  It might seem odd at first to try and earn a campfire, but you can get apples til then to stave off hunger.BUGS:WARNING: A lot of these will probably be fixed at a later as they figure everything out.- Going uphill.  So there's times where you can't walk up a simple hill.  It's apparently slightly too steep so you gotta try jumping (about a 50/50 chance) or find a way around even if it looks like you could easily walk up it.- Wraiths.  Not sure if its a bug, but legit they just spawn at night to specifically screw me over lol.  I spent a few in game days making my first epic straw house only to get it instantly destroyed by a wraith that spawned on me while I was getting the wall torches.  RIP goals for the day, but it was ok.  They also keep spawning outside the spawn town and without NPCs to help it can be off putting at times.  I gotta lead them into other people to be free.- Destroyed house items.  Demolishing home items can spawn in boulder-like untextured blocks that are rather big, but they fade away shortly after so don't worry.- Melee hit boxes.  I can swing a sheep forever and only land a few swings.  I guess that's what fireball is for, but sometimes you just wanna smack things up.CONS:  (Wanted to point out some bugs first before this)- Choosing a town isn't really like choosing a faction.  Now this might be nice for others but I thought at selection when seeing those options that I'd have 1 group of people on my side that I didn't have to worry about.  Nope.  First thing that happens is that I gotta gather some stuff for the tutorial and someone from my town keeps trying to fireball and kill me when I try.- Uhh idk.  I don't have enough time have really experienced any other cons.  There's the generic rude players killing newbies, but that happens in a lot of survival games.  Eh.Overall I say it's definitely worth a shot.  If you can't handle playing through the bugs, then you might wanna wait.  Otherwise it's a really cool game to give a shot.EDIT:  fixed some things since I wrote this late at night.  There's probably more mistakes I missed, but oh well.EDIT 2:Some of the bugs posted have been getting patches (npc spawns, harvesting, dodge rolling) and so I'll remove them as they're being fixed.  Not sure about some of the other ones just yet because I've been busy but I saw some quick notes about those ones specifically.  So I'll leave up the ones that I'm not sure whether of not they have gotten patches and just take down the others."
,Recommended,529180,34139075,Posted: 9 August,all,Sullos,"I am really enjoying this game so far....I play on a private dedicated server with friends currently and we are enjoying the PVE aspect of the game. The game itself is hard enough to warrant simply playing together as a team to survive what the game will throw at you.I am more or less writing a recommended review because so many people are saying this game is bad, and poorly constructed or a clone of ARK. But the fact is, you do need to play the game for more than an hour. I would recommend 10 hours is a minimum to give a solid and reliable recommendation for a game.The game was developed by a company that is partenered with the company that developed ARK. So you will notice similarities in the GUI, text boxes, and some of the bugs.The taming system is similar to ARK as well, but remains different enough to be its own system and much more interesting to achieve.When the game was first released there were a few hiccups, and so many people gave bad reviews for the game. Since that time the game has had several updates fixing problems and there does seem to be a steady flow of bug fixes coming in every patch. Many of the reviews given here are no longer relevant. As well as many people having computers that simply aren't capable of running this game.The game is very nice graphically. Much more different to ARK's graphics. Things look realistic and the extent of animations makes the game much better than other games.The magic system is deep and requires a lot of work in order to accomplish higher tiered spells and rune casting.Similarily the skill and levelling system is different to many other games and requires people to gather lots of resources in order to 'remember/learn' how to do something.The map is a little buggy, the dwarven city I spawned in first has many graphical glitches and makes things look like they are falling into the floor or are floating above it. It seems fairly rushed in some regards. The rest of the map is very large and very interesting. The only other map problem I have is the inability to climb some fairly shallow surfaces. Sticking to the pathways helps though.Whilst not for everyone, this game does not truly support a minimap system. You have to know and learn the lay of the land. If you go on an adventure away from home, it's best you remember how to get home. Whilst there is a minimap rune you can craft, it can be difficult to see out in the open, at day time, and on a surface that isnt flat. But otherwise it is very cool looking and fits perfectly with the magic theme.I would suggest the developers add in a map system that allows players to chart the land themselves. Then perhaps be able to buy sections of the map from the major cities in the world. (the dwarves, humans and elves.)I am quite a fan of learning where things are, and not having the minimap permantly showing or available. It makes things real and enjoyable. As you level up in game, your knowledge of the land increases and so you learn where things are and what the world really looks like. I like it, but it isn't for everyone.In terms of lag. The game is running a rendering system for entities which is too difficult for itself to handle. Whenever you go into a populated area, things do need a moment to load, and there can be a steady pause of lag. Most people complain about the game freezing for minutes at a time, this is simply the servers inability to work with a limited rendering system. Once the rendering system is fixed, things will be much smoother. For now, a simple fix is dont sprint into a city, just walk at normal pace and most the time, things will load at just the right speed.The loading screens of the game have an animated screen and so whilst the game is loading, the loading screen lags due to lack of resources. Most people will have an issue with loading screen, but its simply a bad idea on the devlopment part.I have also seen some people have an issue with the 'Epic' level of settings. For some reason, this game will have stutters and lag on high end computers if the settings are set to their highest. Simply turn the settings to high, and it will be cured.I should also mention that being an early access game, optimization will not be at its best. Most games will not fix optimization issues until they are at the point in which they plan to release the game. Optimization is best done after the majority of content has been added to the game. This being said the game runs near perfect for me (occasional issues when walking into highly populated areas.).So far.. I like this game, and I hope my long review of how things currently stand will help some people.I'd rate this Early Access game 7.5/10. It is early access. So you should expect it to be a work in progress. Early access can take a while, but the developers want constructive criticism and support to improve the game. Thats the purpose of it.Get the game, give it a chance, and you might just enjoy it.10th August 2017*Update*13th AugustThe developers have relased a patch which is saying to have fixed many of the loading issues people were having early on in the games release. Full patch notes can be found here on the fix.http://steamcommunity.com/games/529180/announcements/detail/1447198334081513139"
76561198044361756,Recommended,529180,33727128,Posted: 22 July,all,darkreaper_44,"10 hours on record, about 8 minimum are active 2 are afk / loading.Pros: Addictive; Fun; Lots to do and seeCons: Slight lag, obviously needs some work cause its EA; Long load time.Note: The loading screen takes a while, leave your computer alone, done alt+tab, or click out of the screen as its just going to take longer. Havent seen a load screen past joining server load screen. Also its EA so you can and probably will at times have problems loading in or joining a server, give it a couple mins and try again. Now onto full review for now, ill edit or add more when I progress further in game.Me and my buddy picked this game up yesterday and popped in on a PvE server unofficial. Both picked elven, grinded out some quests, broke some barrels, sold some stuff. Wandered out, died. Wandered out again, built a house. 3 Friends join in, We have a house going on now. Tamed a sheep, sheep dies to panther. Tamed stag, dies to treeant. Tamed a boar, ran away from panther. Tamed 2 more stags, and shoved them in our house. Said hello to our neighbors. Killed a few reapers. Got a scythe. dropped and picked up scythe until we got too house because it was 200 pounds. Wield it. Dreamed. Began grind to be able to use it!All in all tons of farming building and grinding like all others except you have to use the skill you want to level and learn things for. Teamwork is advised on servers for bigger tames, but it just makes it fun. I dont really see much bad with it and the direction but like all EA needs some work. Servers stress some and yada yada, its all you read from people they dont speak of the good lol. Anyways none the less me and my buddy think its a great game, and will be an amazing game in the future.Best thing to compare it too is ark due to sister companys and same engine, but in my opinion its kind of better then ark. Runs smoother on launch for one, tames are more interactive (could use a different way then feeding trough or a different way around others bases like the troft being able to place closer). The map is pretty cool, its a spell and projects a large map with an arrow to show where you are. 3 races. 3 citys. Dragons, goblins, treeants, and golems + lots more. whats not to love?"
76561198072687805,Recommended,529180,33895685,Posted: 29 July,all,Snacktooth,"First off, I have over 1,2k hours in Ark. This game was developed by Snail Games, which purchased Studio WildCard, and licensed the Ark framework.Ark reskin? To be honest it is a little bit... But there is a big difference, in Ark your pets are the most powerful. In DnL YOU have all the power. I tamed a 102 Wyvern and it did 54 damage per hit. I found a tier 3 lightning spell and did over 3 times that damage. Pets really only aid in navigation of the map, while slaying high tier PvE enemies is up to you. In PvP there is a spell to protect your base, and enemies must declare war on you to attack.In Ark your pets are the most important things to protect, but in this game the highest value comes from your character level and skill level. This, once achieved, can never be lost.In Ark you have engram points to spend, in DnL you can unlock every recipe by performing actions related to that skill.Performance - Dont expect better than current Ark, and the latest patch actually made it worst. But I know the performance can be better, since it was much better in prior patch.So you're asking why the hell you rated this game as recommended. Well, I have a few reasons:1 - It has an addicting gameplay loop, and it differentiates itself quite a bit from the base engine game Ark.2 - Stunning graphics for very high end PCs3 - Press Q when staff is equipped4 - I felt obligated, as having over 60 hrs and seeing the other reviews.5 - Before taming, which takes a while to get into, the game has a very different feeling from Ark.6 - And TBH I love Ark and the similarities led me to this game.This game got the NMS treatment, with bandwagoners posting negative reviews just because they hated Ark. I recommend doing your own research and making your own choices.Also the devs have put in a great deal of mystery, which makes it great fun to figure out how all of it works.Edited: Since the symantics of ark engine/framework was triggering ppl. I was in Bikeman's stream when an Ark dev told him they licensed the framework/engine to snail games."
76561197980366356,Recommended,529180,33818885,Posted: 26 July,all,The Wumpus,"Night time can be terrifying.  My thatch hut shakes as some unknown monster brushes up against the side.  It is raining and dangerously cold, even inside. Outside the hut's protection would be much worse.  I need to make a decision.  I can light a fire to keep warm or just tough it out.  If I don't light the fire I may very well freeze to death before the night is over, but if I do light it then my hut would show up like a beacon in the blackness, potentially attracting hostile players.I light the fire.  A raider would have to deal with the monster in the dark before they could even start on my walls.  My ice bolt spell can inflict massive damage if i get the drop on the enemy. My terror shifts to confidence.I'm thirsty.  Should have gotten water before nightfall.  My house is hidden on a cliff that overlooks a river.  I can make it to water in about a minute.  I wait until i hear the monster move behind my house and run out the front door.  I can only see about 20 feet in front of me with the light spell.  The foilage below the cliff is so thick the decent can be dangerous even in daylight.I make it to the river and retrieve water.  Upon my return i am startled by fast footsteps in the dark.  Panther, of the 12 foot long variety.  I panic.  I know that such a beast is deadly in daylight, but in the dark...  I run inside and lock the door.The hut shakes as the beast tears into the wall.  It won't last long.  I sneak outside as it is distracted and  unleash my magic on it from a distance.  It turns and charges.  I can't out run it, even at full sprint.  It won't give up unless i can find a place to hide and I do not have the separation or speed to make that happen.  I die.  Thanks for a great evening of terror.EDIT:  A recent patch greatly increased the brightness at night to the point where you can see just fine without using a light source.  This review might not make as much sense given the current state of things.  I would encourage people to let the developers know if you prefer the original night time settings."
76561198030000570,Recommended,529180,33685303,Posted: 20 July,all,liambrett,"I bought this game as I'd been loosely following it since an article I read a while back.Firstly, I was disappointed, it seemed to lag, graphics seemed terrible and I kept dying of starvation. It also felt like an ark survival clone, only not in a good way.However, I rebooted the game after a server disconnection and my game came back with improved graphics, and I started a different server to last time and I got hooked.I personally can't stand Ark Online, but I love this. The addition of magic seems to have really helped this game, and there feels like a lot of depth to this if you really give it time."
,Recommended,529180,33997111,Posted: 3 August,all,•¥DuO¥•,"Probably most of the bad reviews oh this game are from people who bought it in the first days and said this:ARK Reskin.Well duh, This game was developed by Snail Games, which purchased Studio WildCard, and licensed the ARK engine.First off, I played ARK since first hours of release in early acess. And honestly, DNL release felt way better than ARK did.Besides the same engine, this game is different in a cool way. Combat for example, In ARK your pets are important things to go to a fight, here otherwise make you feel like you don't need to be riding something to face a scary creature, you can just ''yolo'' it.In this game your character, spells can do the same/even more damage than riding a dragon. it's not like in MMORPG's that you choose only one class and you have to be meele or ranged. I'm focusing in warrior attributes & armor, and my girlfriend is focusing in hunter/mage skills and gear, But even being a ''knight'' i still can shoot arrows and cast spells in everyone.Another amazing thing i noticed. When we spawned in the main city, we followed the path and everyone was making their houses by the road, and it felt like we were walking in a village, because the textures of the buildings on this game, even the first ones like tatch and wood, They look really great, plus the map has a lot of details and points of interest to explore. So you finally can build a giant castle that used to be just a mod in ARK.ARK still better than this game in many aspects, i have 800 on it and it was awesome, but ARK has 2 years and is coming out of EA this month, DNL is gonna be another whole road untill it's polished. Maybe another long one.So i think, people should stop saying this is just another ARK and give it a chance, there are a lot of bugs/glitches that im sure the devs are aware of, but people can't understand what early acess means. If you're not willing to go trough all this stuff.. don't even buy a EA game just to write negative reviews and cry in comment section of announcements."
,Recommended,529180,33687609,Posted: 20 July,all,Tyrant,"There seems to be a lot of bad blood aimed at this game due to its association with Wildcard and Ark. It certainly doesn't deserve a mostly negative rating though.It is still pretty early build, but it's a solid start. Yes, there are bugs. No, it's not polished hence it is an early access game.I've seen some pretty grievous abuses of the rating system, but this time it's blatantly obvious. The game needs work, the developers know that, it's an early access title for a reason.That said, the game itself is exactly what it markets as being. A survival RPG with optional online play. Setting up a single player game or server resembles Ark closely, and some of the UI, gathering, and taming elements resemble Ark, but that is where the similarities end.This game is a high fantasy survival game, with gathering, resource management, NPC towns, and a massive world. There is a lot of potential here, and while there are definitely some bugs to be ironed out, if any of those things sound like stuff you enjoy this game shows a lot of promise.If you're not up for a bumpy start with bugs and potential performance issues then wait and let the game get a few patches in. However, if that doesn't bother you and you want to support the developers and dive in to a very cool idea then I definitely can recommend this game."
76561198160039240,Recommended,529180,34066365,Posted: 6 August,all,Ko_Kat_Gaming,"So there are a lot of bugs. I honestly don't mind them though. When I first started the game I aimed for singleplayer because I liked how the leveling aspect made this game possible to be entertaining as singleplayer, however there was so much lag even at low settings. No big for me, so I shrugged it off and tried an unofficial.Now here's what's going on. My laptop is an alienware 17"" from 2014 with an i7 core, geforce gtx 780m graphics card, 8 gb ram. Planning to buy a new one, but I'm playing on this one thinking, okay I run Ark on epic all the time, why can't I run dark and light. So I decide lets have a stupid test and try the game on high while on this unoffical server. I'm running it like butter! No lag, no hiccups, and no problems with player trolls. (I've learned from ark Official servers are always poison don't do official if you value your gaming experience.)Sure there are a bunch of bugs and issues. If you are expecting to play a game complete, I wouldn't recommend getting this just yet. As someone who's put up with several early access the bugs hardly affect me, but if you're okay with dealing with the bugs and just want something cool and unique to experience. I would recommend this game, and you can play as a solo player pretty easy, it's just a matter of how badly you want to attempt it. Honestly this game is like a massive leap from the Ark community and bugs or not I'm having a blast!!"
76561197984386738,Recommended,529180,33759490,Posted: 23 July,all,SunriseSurprize,>Start up game>Make character>Run into the woods in hopes of adventure>Get knocked out by goblins>They steal the clothes off my back and leave me for dead10/10
76561198008484276,Recommended,529180,33740822,Posted: 23 July,all,Kerpsteen,"Without a doubt a work in progress. While harvesting feels not rewarding yet, the game itself is already quite enjoyable.Positive:+ Athmosphere+ Landscape+ Creatures+Skill system+SoundtrackNegative:-Harvesting feels inconsistent.- loooooonnnggggg loading timesOverall a nice Ark with magic and MMO feeling."
,Recommended,529180,33694910,Posted: 21 July,all,Ｙｇｇｄｒａｓｉｌ ⌟,"I usually don't take my time to write a review of games, but felt like this one needed the support it can get. I have to say, all these negative reviews are beyond stupid, most of them haven't even played it for more than 2 hours or gotten out of the spawn area, yet feel like they can judge the entire game..The thing about this game is, so far from my experience, the further you get, the more fun it gets, you'll be able to do more, craft more, shoot a bunch of cool magic, explore more, there's a ton to explore, trust me, and the scenery is actually quite nice with Epic settings (You may require a bit of a heavy PC in order to play with Epic for now, game needs a bit of tweaking here.).What these negative reviews seem to forget, is that this is an Early Access game.. You know what that means? It's not done yet.. They put it out earlier so that people can play it, help test it and leave feedback on what needs changing.. Some of them are complaining that it's similar to ARK, in ways, yeah it can seem similar, but I played ARK a bit myself but couldn't get myself to enjoy it, where this, I actually enjoy. (Few tiny details, this game, Dark and Light, was in development already back in 2005, but production ceased after the development team had some legal issues. The game was recently picked up by Snail Games, and development has resumed. They bought license to use ARK assets.)Some of the complains are that the game gets stuck on the loading screen, yes, happened to me too on the first run, took forever to load in, waited like 5 minutes, so I just closed the game, opened it up again, and the issue never occured again.. Easy fix.Also if PvP games aren't your thing, you may not like this yet, as all servers are full hardcore PvP, I'm sure that some no-PvP servers will come in later, but for now, if you don't like PvP, don't buy it yet.I do need to give a small warning to people looking to buy this though:The beginner quests are horrible, I can admit that, they don't offer any tips on how to complete them, just tells you to ""Gather this and that"", where you'll end up having to ask the chat for advice on how to complete the different quests, as there is no advice or any quidance from these quests, so the beginning of the game will feel a bit ugh, but once you get out of the city, that's where the game gets really fun.I thought the biggest threat of this game was the players looking to kill you and take your loot.. But man was I wrong, I was fighting a unicorn, no issue, it was a bit dark so couldn't see very far, suddenly I had some goblins come and attack me, I found out that their attacks actually will knock you unconcious after a few hits.. I got away for a bit, but ended up having 10 of them surround me, they knocked me fully unconcious and one of them decided to steal all my items, all my tools, food, gold, materials for crafting, etc. Once they had taken all my items, they decided to leave me and just walk away, I honestly couldn't stop laughing, was so surprised, never expected to be robbed of all my items by a couple of tiny goblins. (You can kill them and get your items back, so fear not.)Either way, the game is actually a lot more fun than what these reviews are showing, the issue is just that they never got outside the city I assume, given that most of them only have like an hour in-game or so, Trust me, when you get outside the city and start to explore, you'll be amazed, the game does need some heavy tweaking, absolutely, I will not deny that, but I'm 100 % convinced that they'll fix the bugs and errors there are, as that's what Early Access is here for.If you want a fully complete and polished game, this isn't for you yet.But if you want to get knocked unconcious by tiny goblins and have your items stolen and left to starve and die in the middle of nowhere, or chased by Grim Reaper in the middle of the night, with a few bugs here and there, this game is for you.Game got my recommendation."
76561198054266623,Recommended,529180,34066636,Posted: 6 August,all,Othrys,"I just bought this game recently, and I was a bit skeptical because of the reviews on here. But I went with my gut and got it anyway, and I do not regret it what so ever. The gameplay is functional. There is a complexity to the whole crafting system that is not too hard to learn, but feels like there is plenty to do. A good leveling system that feels like it gives actual rewards unlocking new items to craft, and a good grind. I never write reviews, but because this game is so mixed, I had to give it a recomendation. It is pretty damn good for an early access game, and I can't wait to see more."
,Recommended,529180,33769326,Posted: 24 July,all,Twilight and Panther,"When reading reviews, please take a look at the amount of time played. There are many players with less than 1 hr game time, complaining about the game and saying its not worth purchasing.Take what they say with a few grains of salt.Now, If you like ARK, and like Magic. This game may be for you.Please remember this game is basically somewhere in early beta. There are alot of bugs. It uses the same basic engine as ark, so many similar bugs and issues are here.Please! please! get away from the starting town! they are crouded, and buggy, and ugly because of all the thath dwellings of the people who built there. Not to mention they are the areas that get hit by meteors and ocasional spawns of death wraiths.once you get away from the towns the landscape becomes much more beautiful, pick a nice spot out there and start building!I have enjoyed the game so far, I feel it was worth the purchase, I cant wait to see how the game feels in a year or two when they have had time to add all the content, and fix the bugs.Please, if you cant handle bugs, or a game in beta stage, wait to purchase the game till its a finished product.If your like me and can handle the bugs, and love being one of the first wave of players to explore a new game, then jump on in, the water is nice!"
,Recommended,529180,33709471,Posted: 21 July,all,Farsmile,"Okay, i read all the review, mostly hater's review. But i'm still brought this game. After 4 hours played it, everything just right for me. My fps is 50-70 all setting on high, no Crash, no bug for my first experience in this game, all players seem protect each other, no high level attacking low level on sight. I'm even made my Straw(leaves) house near the town, but i'm suprise about how A.I work in DnL. I just can't attack them and run into my house and close the door, they're still smash my door and walls and get in to kill me. The game is so good, i know it's EA, still have bugs, but come on... Give the dev the time to improve the game. I think my review will support you guys, keep the good work!"
,Recommended,529180,33701433,Posted: 21 July,all,Zytalus,"Most of the reviewers have not played this game. What they have played is overloaded official servers... what I can promise you is not this game.Yes, the official servers were unplayable due to too many players connecting to only 10 official servers upon release. The developers clearly were not prepared for the open early access on the official server front but what they did allow was for users to play singleplayer and allowed players to host there own servers.What this means is there are better experiences to be had in this game and the people reviewing it negatively after loggining to an official then quiting is just sad.Don't spam review a game because at launch the servers were not ready... Hell this exact same thing happened to Grand Theft Auto 5 at release. Companies make mistakes, Give them time to fix this."
,Recommended,529180,33721586,Posted: 22 July,all,MissZapi hellcase.com,"I wanted to wait to review this game until I had more hours on it, but there are so many negative reviews already that I feel like I need to do it now. First of all, this is an Early Access game, which people seem to forget. The first day of the release there were only negative comments about this game (bugs, lag, ""ARK-wannabe"". First of all, Please look this game and ARK up before you call this game a rip-off, just a small tip.I played ARK 2k+ hrs and it is still my favorite game of all time. I get the exarctly same feeling, if not even better when playing D&L, as when I first started to play ARK. This game has a HUGE potential. I am seriously impressed by how smooth the game runs for being only 3days into EA.  The only thing i've had a problem with so far is the loading screen when you first join a server. Just let it sit for a bit and you'll be fine. The game itself has a great introduction to how to play when you start your character, so you will learn and get into the gameplay fast.I TOTALLY without any doubt recommend this game to anyone out there that likes survival games with awesome creatures including. This has everything you'll ever want in one of those games. I am freaking over-hyped to see what is yet to come."
76561198067406825,Recommended,529180,33680621,Posted: 20 July,all,Legendair,"Played an hour so far with my gf on a hosted LAN serverGood Game. I tried ARK before but i never liked it. This however, is something more down my alley.Good atmospherenice graphicsgreat crafting systemnice character creation systemA bunch of skills and stat customization.NPC's , towns, stores, ......NOTE though that you might require a more high end PC to run this properly.My Specs while running the game on EPIC and a LAN server without lag or issues:CPU: i7 - 6700KGFX: Asus TURBO Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 - 6GBRAM: 16 GBOS: WIN 10 Pro - 64 BitRES: 2560 x 1080For more info on how to setup a LAN/CO-OP Server check out my guide:http://steamcommunity.com/app/529180/discussions/0/1458455461479119788/"
76561198132655645,Recommended,529180,33685533,Posted: 20 July,all,AfroThunda,"This game has been given a really unfair start when it comes to reviews. A LOT of the reviews share the unfortunate opinion that this was ripped from ARK but in fact SNAIL acquired Wilcard back in 2015 so ofcourse it was going to have its fair share of similarities.the game so far has been pretty fantastic although i was lucky enough to join with a friend, there is some gathering lag which is to be expected first day of release, and graphics running at  EPIC on my 1070 make the game look pretty nice, gameplay though is very fun and has A LOT of depth and the community i have seen so far have been really helpful.My ONLY gripe with the game as of yet is the the fact i feel like they could in fact optimise the graphics better(the trailer is a far fetched clip with very good lighting and timing if it was indeed gameplay) but that is something they can work on,im giving this 4/5 because my experience so far has me hooked."
76561198159776274,Recommended,529180,33729366,Posted: 22 July,all,Treylo20,"Ark+Skyrim = Dark & LightMost of the negative reviews are from butt hurt ark players who expect this game to be what ark never became. I would play this game 1000hrs before I would ever turn ark on again because the graphics, gameplay, taming, gathering, and pvp are all to me on par if not exceeding what ark currently is now. The reason I make a skyrim reference is not for the endless lore or quest lines but simply your character progression follows a skyrim feel (I.e. The more magic you use the more your magic levels and the more wood you harvest your woodworking levels etc.) and also the fact you can cast bolts of lightning, fire, or ice across the map and destroy anything or one that stands in your way. I've had a blast with magic casting pvp the swords and bows are not really that glamorous because it tends to get laggy and bogged down.Overall this game has had more content for an early acces than most EA survival titles (most recently Conan)You can transform into a sabertooth or dragon for crying out loud! Nuff said."
,Recommended,529180,33682420,Posted: 20 July,all,Barrakudah,"It shares resources with ARK, but definatly not an ARK clone. Single player runs GREAT, multiplayer servers are a bit lagging because there aren't too many up. So all the ones that are will be full.  Private hosting is not easy to set up just yet.This game has great potential. So far  I'm having fun with it =)"
,Recommended,529180,33694499,Posted: 21 July,all,theWeregopher,"It really says something that most of the negative reviews have less than an hour played. I guess they didnt enjoy the title screen before running off to make an uninformed review.The game is EARLY ACCESS. Take that at face value. If you're looking for a fully optimized and ready for release product, its not here yet. Check back later.For those able to enjoy a game during its testing phase, this is genuinely fun. To put it simply, this is Ark plus magic. Its a standard survival game, set in a very attractive world, with the inclusion of fantasy races and beasts. Running about gathering for the next layer of your home defences, then showering giant skeletons and griffons with fireballs is a good time, and fairly addictive.There are bugs and frame rate issues, which should be expected in early access. If thats a turn off to you, then hold off till the game gets further on in development. If you can get past that, this is a good one."
76561197966183722,Recommended,529180,33685079,Posted: 20 July,all,RagingRavage,"Don't listen to the detractors if you have played and enjoyed other Early Access features.This game is miles ahead of where Ark was on day one (Coming from someone with 3500 hours + in this game). The game play feels nice and it doesn't run sluggish on epic settings (30-45 FPS, comparable to Ark) on my 980TI. The PvP is very fun and exhilirating - a lot of people have figured out how to get dedicated servers rolling now and that will make a big difference on peoples complaints regarding the ""PVPing"" on official servers - welcome to Survival Games Official servers! NEVER PLAY RUST if it bothers you that much.All in all this is a very intuitive game with a lot of neat features and fairly smooth gameplay for an early access title."
,Not Recommended,529180,34448800,Posted: 23 August,all,Drunk,"The game had such promise, but the developers are DETERMINED to screw it up. They had beautiful building textures that were finally a joy to look at. Then today they downgraded their textures, which is the first time I've ever heard of that in gaming history. The wood tier looks like absolute♥♥♥♥♥ and the good looking stone tier they once had fell victim to the same fate. On top of the graphical downgrade they made it so if you don't log into the game for 72 hours all your structures and stuff disappears. I have NO idea what they were thinking, but talk about the biggest 2 GB update FAIL ever.  For now STEER CLEAR!"
,Recommended,529180,33702743,Posted: 21 July,all,hypothermia,"I don't really understand the negative reviews by people who haven't spent any time in the game.  Similarities to Ark are there in the basic mechanics, but again, the same could be said about every survival game. The game is different. The leveling is different. The world is mystical and primitive compared to Ark's tech+dino setting.It has promise. I enjoy the magical elements, as well as being able to choose different classes to play, as well as the character customization (absolutely NOTHING like Ark). I spent 7 hours last evening in it, and once I joined a server with gather rates boosted by a bit, it was what I expected in most survival genre games.However, where it falls short is its use for VOIP. There was a distinct lack of directional sound, or indication to know who was speaking. In a crowded town setting, all I heard was ten voices all around me, having no idea if one of them was speaking to me or not. For use in roleplay settings, that is a definite requirement.Overall, I'm enjoying it on first day and encourage others to make up their minds themselves. If you like survival and magic, encourage you to dig deeper by watching gameplay videos or giving it a try, rather than the review bombing going on here."
76561198005217794,Recommended,529180,33920014,Posted: 30 July,all,Axiom Prime,"So after around 25 hours of playtime I feel I've got a decent grasp of the current EA status of the game. I'm no where near a god at this game so I wont pretend to be, however, I can give a few potential investors a heads up on what to expect..You will die, it happens, and you're probably going to do it alot but it gets better, the more time you spend harvesting, crafting, building, and all the other little things the game lets you do the easier it gets. I'm currently sitting at level 18 playing with 2 friends. We rolled on a low population US Official Server to avoid griefers and so far we've done well. We set our house up, have tons of chests, weapons, materials, and all kinds of other things set up already. It is fun, but it's also frustrating at times.It's a Survival Sandbox, one thing I will say is from looking around the web the developers are more vocal than I expected, even though they're slightly cryptic they do see to communicate at least moderately well with the community and they are definitely taking public opinion into consideration when it comes to certain mechanics.If you're in the US and you're reading this, don't be afraid to buy the game. Don't let the negative reviews get to you, it's definitely worth the price tag and when the product is finished I'd say it will be every bit as popular as Ark as far as Survival Games go. There are bugs, and glitches, just little problems. But nothing I would truly call game breaking.  The majority of the negative reviews (and you can google this) came from Chinese Players that flooded the servers as soon as they opened and then cried when it wasn't the perfect polished game they wanted. It's hard, it's rough, and it takes planning and precision. If thats the kind of game that turns you on this buy it, work at it, and enjoy the hell out of it. Every action you do in game helps with leveling up and as soon as you can craft a Bow and Arrows get out there and start killing anything you think you can take on. You'll get lots of experience far faster than just crafting and harvesting. Which will unlock the ability to unlock the ability to craft more things. Yes there are Level and Skill Requirements, you need to be level 20 to unlock learning the ability, and then you need to perform the corresponding actions to unlock the ability. I enjoy that, because each action feels like progress.Anyways, disregard the majority of the negative reviews, this game would have gotten a much better start if it weren't for Chinese Flooding, find a low pop server or a private server and come enjoy the ground floor. Beautiful graphics if you've got the machine to run it, a great challenge, and decent customisation. Plus a big bug fix patch coming in the next week or so we'll make it even more attractive."
76561197998340004,Not Recommended,529180,34645897,Posted: 31 August,all,COLDF13ND,"This game well and truly earns the label ""Early Access"". In fact, that's the abbreviated version. The full label is ""Much Too Early Access"". If you ever played ARK: Survival Evolved, then Dark and Light will be very familiar to you. VERY familiar. Like, 'someone bought a really old and buggy version of ARK, swapped out a few character and NPC models, and tried to present it as a new game' familiar.According to the main menu, this game is precisely 30.02% complete.....and oh man does it show. The lag is real. Everything from little framerate stutters to 45+ second freezes in which the world goes on without you. Harvesting materials and melee combat are hit or miss, no pun intended. There are long periods of time where desynchronization causes hits to simply not register. These things are especially problematic in a game like this, where you can literally lose your weapon, your armor, your mount, everything you've worked for, for good.The game world is beautiful. It looks fantastic. It's also deadly. Not because of monsters or hostile players, but because of holes in said world, where you can fall through invisible cracks in the ground. If you don't have friends and/or a flying mount, good luck getting yourself out of that little pickle.The client is unstable. HIGHLY unstable. That was the final nail in the coffin for me. I crashed to desktop something like 9 times over the course of an evening. I called it a night, and tried again the next morning. The crashes began immediately. The second one cost me a griffon, which is a pretty decent flying mount. Dead. Not coming back. The third one left a second flying mount, a wyvern, stuck at about 3,000 feet in the air and me without any way to retrieve it. No new software or hardware on my PC. Drivers updated. Purely a server side issue.Finally, the developers of Dark and Light seem content to make posts, public statements, in-game notations, etc with a command of English that seems rudimentary at best. What does that say about the depth of your commitment to developing a game, if you won't even spend the money to have someone proofread your material?Good luck, Snail Games. At this rate, you're going to need it."
,Recommended,529180,34311139,Posted: 17 August,all,HeadWound,"So I don't know why there are so many reviews from people who have played this game for less than an hour and given it a negative review.  Yea, there are some things that are a little clunky here or need fine tuning there, but this game is insanely fun and has a lot of potential (especially considering that it's only about 30% complete).  Since I'm not playing this game on a potato like so many other reviewers, I will attempt to fill in the gaps beyond ""I couldn't run it"" or ""I don't like EA games"" which, while valid, don't actually do anything to REVIEW the game.Graphics:  Good, but need optimization.  I have a pretty beefy computer and had to turn a few settings down to keep it above 30 fps.  Outside of that, these are on par with Ark - if you've ever played it.Gameplay: A few minor issues here, likely from features that aren't fully developed, but I have yet to run into anything game-breaking.  Some of the creatures get stuck, and occasionally you get jumped by a panther or something which can kill you pretty quick (though I think this is intended and you can snare them with an item craftable pretty early on, effectively neutering them unless they ambush you).The game system overall is designed very nicely, there are some minor resemblances to Ark (since they use the same engine). The leveling and crafting system is quite intuitive (unlike Ark) and you dont have to spend time trying to plan what skills you're going to not invest points into.  You learn new skills and recipes by doing things related to the task, rather than by leveling and spending accumulated points, though you do still get stat points to raise your health, stamina, mana etc. on level up.Each starting area has a town with it's own unique look (buildings, flora/fauna, etc.) and has npcs you can buy and sell items to and invest money should you choose to do so.  There are guards which will kill you if you attack a citizen, but they will also kill any monsters that chase you back to the gates.There also appears to be plans for player housing, a market system, and even the ability to become the freaking KING of the starting town for your race (which seems interesting for MP).  You start the game off with a bunch of quests to help you get oriented, and there are more when the starter quest line is done to help you level up a bit.  There are a plethora of monsters (the bestiary has over 50, and I think there are way more than what you'll see in the bestiary actually in the game), biomes, POIs, and more to explore as well (most of which I've still yet to uncover even after 60+ hours of gameplay at the time of writing this review).So...tl;dr - this game is a lot of fun and has a lot of potential.  Ignore the reviews from idiots who didn't even get past the loading screen and actually try it yourself or watch some gameplay videos before forming an opinion."
,Recommended,529180,33681043,Posted: 20 July,all,Kira,"I'd like to remind everyone that this game is in fact Early Access. It's not supposed to be polished or optimized. Its a version of the game that we can play now, while it's still in development. A game we can pay for $30 when the full release will be $60. A game we can contibue to and tell the Devs what we do and do not like.When I first heard about this game. I expeced it to be like ARK: Survival Evolved. And I was right! It is like ARK! But it's supposed to be.The beginning is a bit slow and you have to wander your way through the game, but what survival game isn't? In this game there are even starting quests that do give you a sense of purpose. Not just to survive!The skill system is very fun. Instead of ARK, where you have to learn engrams from a limited pool of points, here you gain them as you do things! If I gather wood, hay or craft certain items, I'll gain Survial Skill and when I level up Survial Skill, I'll get new recipies. Its the same for the others. You get things by doing things and that's great!I'm not saying that this game is amazing and nothing needs to change, because there are a lot of things that need to be fixed. From random light flickering, to the missing part on this NPC to why can't I get up this little hill?! But I expected that of an Early Access game.I'm having a lot of fun playing it and I recommend it to people who played and enjoyed ARK. You'll probably like this game too. If you expect a totally finished polished and optomized game, I'd wait till the full release. If you're somewhere in between, I'd wait for at least a few updates before buying this game.^_^"
76561198004462141,Recommended,529180,33721513,Posted: 22 July,all,Praise Kek,"Most negative reviews are from people that didnt even play 2 hours so please watch some streams to judge the game for yourself.The servers are mostly stable and there is no rubberbanding of any sort.The game however doesnt look as good as in the screenshots for me for whatever reason. The performance is okayish.Many of the tutorial quests are rather poor or unfinished, so expect to figure out a lot of stuff yourself."
,Recommended,529180,34054662,Posted: 6 August,all,Viking,"This game has given me endless amounts of fun in the huge binge that I've played. True, there are some bugs out there that hinder some parts of the game but the developers are very active and hardworking. After the recent patch a lot of the bugs I had issues with are completely gone and it's been an amazing experience. For a game that was rushed into early access I am extremely impressed with how little bugs there are compared to other early access survival games on the market."
76561198204049363,Recommended,529180,34167319,Posted: 11 August,all,JackAsh,GAME IS GREAT! So many people have not give the game the chance it need to grab them. Lots of bad feedback from people that complain about dieing before they get to play and game not complete. There are so many servers and so much to do give it a few hrs of game play and you wont want to stop till u have your castle!!!
76561198042577286,Recommended,529180,34102100,Posted: 8 August,all,Ody,"DnL is a mix between Skyrim and ARK.  More of the ARK gameplay with the lore type of Skyrim.  I am enjoying the hell out of it.  It to me seems more dangerous out there than ARK.  I can't keep any tamed animals for more than a day because they get ripped apart by Panthers.A mix of magic along with melee encounters, makes this game one of the top of my lists to play."
,Recommended,529180,34155306,Posted: 10 August,all,Marky Polo,"Dark and Light is my favourite survival game out there! Do be warned it is very difficult at the beginning but as you get used to how the world works you progress quicker! So far in the game I have not found a time where I am not faced by a challenge, be it as small as building a house to as big as fighting a gryffin. Bloody griffins... XDSeriously though this game has beautiful graphics and my favourite thing about it is how amazing and fantastical the world the game is set in is. There are rolling hills and perilous mountains, deep caves and vast valleys, beautiful rivers and streams contrasted by dark, merky swamps.Dark and Light's world is clearly inspired by the best fantasy worlds from many stories, in my opinion, the most obvious inspiration that i can see is Lord of the Rings but it gives me small hints of World of Warcraft too.Another superb feature is that Dark and Light integrates an RPG formula into the game that I love, as it immerses me more!To conclude, if you are like me - a lover of fantasy like Lord of the Rings and similar styles (Game of Thrones etc.) and a player of survival and RPG games then Dark and Light is PERFECT for you!If you don't beleive me, buy it yourself and if you dont like it just refund it (but 2 hours isn't really enough time to properly get into a survival game, or atleast that's what I think)"
,Recommended,529180,33801140,Posted: 25 July,all,Vadim,I love this game so much. Please don't kill it. The last patch you released ruined gathering and creature attack animations. You need to fix this as soon as possible or risk losing your playerbase.
76561198077569631,Recommended,529180,34584506,Posted: 29 August,all,Sona,"Dark and Light has HUGE potential as a sandbox mmo with pretty significant rpg elements, if the devs keep on it. It has a stunningly beautiful world, fierce mythical creatures, and mechanics that have been improved, and are improving, over the devs' predeccesor, Ark.While the current playable map is Ark sized, you'll see in the lobby screen that the game map will be expanded by at least 8x what Ark has provided, and for me, that means a lot. Ark was much too small for all they wanted to put into it, and the amount of players that could be on it.I'm absolutely loving my experience so far with what the game has to offer.That being said; it is most definitely an Early Access title. It's buggy, it's glitchy. You will lose things/progress due to these bugs and glitches. If you're interested in this game, but not okay with bugs, put this game on your follow/wishlist and watch it for a while. Don't dive in to an EA game if you're not ready to battered with bugs/glitches. Especially when it could ruin what would have been a great game for you; just be patient.However, if you're okay with bugs and glitches, and potentially losing progress to them, I definitely recommend giving this game a try. Generally, of the few different servers I have tried, the community seems pretty fair, and quite helpful. I personally have not experienced consistent crashing, as others have claimed to have. I am, however, purchasing a better video card for it. ;)An ssd is also reccommended, as the game will have quite long load times without one."
76561197960465381,Recommended,529180,33720522,Posted: 22 July,all,mtkafka,I reccommend this if you ever wanted a fantasy Ark.  plus with less poo around.
76561198015170436,Recommended,529180,34194973,Posted: 12 August,all,Brandizzle,"I played this game the day it launched and had an overall ""meh"" reaction. The other night, I loaded up my own server and played just me and my wife for a while... ended up playing for 6 hours. Game's a ton of fun... there's obviously still some polish needed, but for an EA title this is a ton of fun. Obviously it gets alot of slack for being like Ark... but in my opinion, that's a good thing! And there's plenty to set it apart, it plays alot differently.I hope this one will go further towards the mmo/rpg playstyle... dungeons, progressions, etc. If it does, this could be a favorite."
,Recommended,529180,33787825,Posted: 25 July,all,BualDoot,"Note: Never played Ark, and never had an interest.Great EA game. Many hours of enjoyment and I'm sure many many more. Yes it has its bugs and issues and quirks, but nothing which makes the game unplayable. Also to note. I own over 200 games and this is the only one I have reviewed due enjoying it and wanting to give it a fair shot.EDIT:--Funs---Challenging - Might be due to bugs in combat or mob levels. But I like the challenge!-Taming - Fun to tame creatures to do your bidding! Farm sheep!-Farming - I've only done wheat so far, so I'm not sure of the full extent-Beautiful - It just has beautiful scenery. (80% usage of a MSI 1070 Gaming X on Epic)--No Funs---Dedicated server performance - This could be due to my aging server hardware. or Comcast not letting me sell my soul for better upload speeds.-Give me more magic!-Leveling system - I wish I could use skill points to specialize in things. As of now when you level you just increase stats. The only thing which makes you feel like a mage is the clothes you wear and upping your mana stats. Other than that, no difference between meat-heads and you."
76561198045377236,Recommended,529180,33710651,Posted: 21 July,all,Raz,"I think this is a mint game for something that just came out, yeah sure its in beta and the other♥♥♥♥♥♥♥are going to complain about bugs and stuff but what do you expect from a beta game, but I can play it just fine havent crashed once in my 5-6 hours of playing. Feels like Elderscrolls x Ark love it."
76561198004665516,Not Recommended,529180,33692633,Posted: 21 July,all,Andrillo2k,"I wish there was a middle ground button as i dont dislike this game, it has massive potential but its just not optimized for even early access. Its a shame really as it stutters just walking about on low settings.I will check this game out again for sure but for now its a wavey middle hand from me...not good but not bad...update:I went back after this review and tried again. It was actually worse for me, it took 10 minutes on the loading screen and then 10 minutes of game freezing for the world to catch up. If i wanted a quick game of something for an hour i couldnt do that with this game as i would need to load the pc, then the game, go get some food and come back and play for 20 minutes.I may be over exaggerating but thats the way i felt. I hope it will get better optimized. When you look at the Ark comments after all this time they have which makes me fear a little for this game.Im sure they are part of the same company too?Im not a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ but i do want them to look half decent and not like a game from over 10 years ago. Ive got Ark running quite nice with only a few dips every now and then. (the loading is still awful on that game)I would love steam to give 2 hour demos of every early access game.I understand early access but dropping £19 can be quite a lot of money for a game you dont feel comfortable while playing, especially when the videos show it running smooth as butter, but then also feel guilty to the devs for refunding (because i do).I love the survival/crafting/rpg games and want to support them all but on this i cant YET. I think i will in the future for sure. Please just get it running better.I have an i5 6600k, gtx 1060 and 8 gig ddr4, not the best but should be able to run most.Its a shame they went with the same engine as Ark as it seems to be a resource hog even on a 1080 from some of the comments ive read on here.Im not trying to troll the game or put people off, i dont really write reviews at all because in the end of the day we are all different and can put up with different things. Hopefully you will get better luck than me.All the best"
,Not Recommended,529180,33687006,Posted: 20 July,all,Mac,"This is a negative review, but it comes with a DISCLAIMER: this game could be worthwhile at a later date. It could mature into an exciting and unique title. That said, on to the review.A lot of the people complaining about it being an ARK reskin are talking about the gameplay and UI, but it's deeper than that. The server configs are identical, down to the variable names. It was funny in a sad way when I was setting up a server config and noticed all of the variables with ""Dino"" in their name. Because there's a lack of documentation for setting up servers, I just copy-pasted my ARK dedicated server config into DnL and it worked.The way it stands now, I think ARK was a starting point for the reinvention of this title. Given time, they may diverge from ARK in meaningful ways and become a game totally distinct from ARK beyond a superficial resemblance. Right now, I don't see myself wanting to play what is little more than an ARK clone when private-server ARK is still appealing and more complete."
,Recommended,529180,33777181,Posted: 24 July,all,ChRoNic EniGmA,"Definitely EA, but pretty good foundation. Wish this was an MMO not a 70 person survival game. I like the setting, combat, and pretty much all, just wish it was an MMO. Definitely recommend, I played Ark and Conan, enjoyed both. I will enjoy this as well. I feel like this is a true fantasy world worth exploring. When playing ark, i just felt kinda meh about the world, dino's in a world yayyy, and conan. well the setting was actually great, i loved the setting. but this is in my home turf.."
76561197993554220,Recommended,529180,33748189,Posted: 23 July,all,Dissophent,"I was NOT a fan of Ark.  It had run fine for me but the way raiding worked, the simple 'hold left click until whatever is in front of you dies' combat and the lack of challenging PVE to compliment the PVP were all things that kind of killed it for me.Pros:-Combat is still simple but it's a bit more than just smashing buttons until♥♥♥♥♥♥dies.  I've noticed different creatures take different amounts of damage depending on if it's fire, ice, lightning, etc and different amounts from arrows vs sword vs magic.  I'm not sure if this is a built in resistance system or not but it made choosing arrow types, magic, etc a lot more interesting.-The creatures are interesting, seem to have a food chain and aren't locked into leveled areas.  Meaning you can run into dangerous creatures right out the gate.  I think it needs to be tuned up a bit because running into a level 100 griphon three steps off the spawn area is kind of silly, but I like that there's a challenge.  Maybe add some 'safer' zones for us to get started in where high level enemies can't spawn?-Really promotes group play.  There's a lot of skills to level and unlock starting out so having friends to specialize right off the bat is a good idea most likely.  The Clan/House stuff works right now.  You can make your stuff and share it between clanmates.  Not a huge deal but I've known a lot of these games to release without this feature.-The world is fairly large and it's quite pretty to look at.  There's ruins, a massive volcanoes, verdent forests, etc and it's all pretty nice looking(depending on your rig)  I'm running a little above medium settings atm and I have no complaints so far.-Individual creatures and especially large monsters have special attacks.  Boars charge, Dark Wraiths spin into haymakers with their scythes and griphons dive bomb.  Wolves roam in packs, panthers in pairs.  You get the idea.Cons:-Crafting lacks variety atm.  Specifically regarding weapons.  There's one bow.  There's one crossbow.  Three Staves.  The differences in stats are nil too.  I crafted my rank 2 stave and it made literally no difference to my damage, cast speed or anything else.  I assume this will change in the future but it's there currently and should be addressed.  Armors on the other hand, there's a fair few of them and they for the most part function as solid upgrades.  I'd really love to see some side grades featuring elemental resistances or damage type(piercing, blunt, slash) though.-Some pop-in at long distances.  Nothing other engines don't struggle with but it's still pretty ugly when it comes around.-Really promotes group play.  To the detriment of the solo players.  I really can't imagine playing this game solo.  There's so many encounters just in dealing with the PVE elements that can wipe your progress seemingly randomly that I don't think it would be fun.  Our group had a pack of wolves roam up to our base and kill all our livestock.  Panthers, wolves, griphons coming at you on a frequent basis that required our group to fight them off.  As a solo player you will get downright F'd in the A by these pack animals early-mid game.  Throw in PvP too?  You're going to have a hard time.-There's a severe lack of tool-tips and in game documentation for a lot of the game's systems.  This will come about eventually either by the game devs adding the tooltips or wikis popping up.  It does make trying to figure out building or ranking requirements a bit of a pain though when the game tells you to do one thing but means another.-10 minute loading screens.All in all I do enjoy the game.  It runs smoothly when in game and is fun to play with my group.  You can definitely see the spirit of Ark here but it's a different enough experience for me to enjoy it.  I think if they keep what they have and expand+bugfix the game will be even greater.  As a solo player you'd best wait for now unless you plan on finding a clan though."
76561198008466385,Recommended,529180,34769794,Posted: 5 September,all,TV's Russ,"Amazing, no.  Captivating, yes.  For me, it's a fun experience.  It's not the end-all-be-all of games, but the atmosphere captures me.  I like how magic isn't necessarily a staple, but more of a convenience to playstyle.  I enjoy it a lot.  It's almost like a comfortable sweatshirt.  May not be the best, but it fits right, and feels good.  I have found it to be a solid experience, and am honestly am looking forward to see where it goes."
76561198007482361,Recommended,529180,33846728,Posted: 27 July,all,Vonholtz,As early access games go this game is not bad. It has some thing that need a lot of work still. Like long loading screen. This maybe do to my PC more then the game as well. But a game should be more set up to deal with old as well as new PC. The game dose play a lot like ARK but with more RPG feel to it. So any ARK players will find the game get easy as it goes along.I found this game was already on sale. So a price of $25 bucks is really good for a game that will likely only get better as it goes along. And will likely get a full releases price 2 to 3 times that (cough) ARK.All and all a gem in the rough that will likely improve over time. So do not forget early access mean just that. So give this game some time to improve. And get it when it cheap.  I Payed $15 bucks for ARK back when and glad I did now.
76561198271212824,Recommended,529180,33754354,Posted: 23 July,all,gymrat3232,I was talked into getting this game from someone who compared it to ark.... i do enjoy the concept better than ark especially the magic and the mythic creature. This game is solid for early access. My biggest complaint at the moment is the broken questline at the begginning trying to sell resources for gold... you can physically do that but it doesnt not fulfill your quest for doing so. Now i still have a long way to go in this game but i think its got potential its pricey for this early but i believe this game could go fo 50ish completed soooo... id do it all over again. Hope the game doesnt get abandoned because the potential is exciting!
,Recommended,529180,33768952,Posted: 24 July,all,ASHarwood,"It is rough around the edges.  There are lots of bugs and the servers are still laggy.  The game is still fun.  If you like ARK, then you will like this game."
76561198013813248,Recommended,529180,33737013,Posted: 22 July,all,Spev,"7 hours into this game and I have had very little problems.I am starting to think all the Negative reviews are from ppl who do not have a clue about EA, seem too expect a nearly complete game.I am having fun and enjoy the game."
76561198006534422,Not Recommended,529180,34265915,Posted: 15 August,all,lordnivek1,"This review is bases on my solo play on my own dedicated server. Max level I got to was 25 on two characters. 1 elf and 1 hnuman. System stats: 16gb ddr3 platinum dominator, AMD FX 9590, 1080TI. 4k 40' Philips monitorThe game at this point is horribly optimized, I get around 25-35 fps with constant drops into the single digits. I know this is early access so not knocking to much for that. Never played ark but from what I have read it never got much better in this regard so not holding my breathMelee combat is one of the worst I have seen in any game alpha, beta or early access. There is no way to lock a target to strafe around it or back pedal. It ends up just being a cluster ♥♥♥♥ of awkwardly positioned swings as the mob(s) run through you make extremely quick charges that seem to have a large aoe damage as they clip through you. The shields I tied you could not use while moving. This compounded with the fact it is nearly impossible to keep an enemy in front of it makes them useless. Range combat is ok as it it will let you back pedal while holding an arrow. Magic combat suffers much of the same problems as melee as there is no real way to position yourself effectively and the spells seem boringly mundane. I only got up to rank 3 spells but the ones I read about and watched videos of didn't impress me enough to grind out the levels it would take to use them.There is no way to be able to tell how strong an opponent mob is just by looking at it. The only way to tell how strong something is, is to attack it and find out. usually ending up in you being pummeled into the ground. Because again there is no skilled combat its just I can wack away and kill you before you can kill me or I can kite you will arrows/magic. You can slaughter a 120 level board with easy and then face a level 12 earth elemental and get one hit killed. Would be nice if mobs were broken up in level range or given some rating as to there actual strength.I dislike how you are bound to what you can make by your character level and skill level.  Would like to see character level be changed to govern combat skills (which hopefully the add someday) and then remove any character level on what you can crafting.  I would like to see some combat trees added you can put points in each level for melee, range and magic combat. That way you can costimize your chacters play style and combat skillsI never felt any reason to explore. Everything is within a stones  throw of my starting capital. From starting stuff like stone  and wood to end game stuff like mithril to darkstone. The world feels souless and artificial. Everything is just a random spawn with a random level and next to no loot ever on anything. There are no dungeons or orc camps. It doesnt feel like an inhabited world.  Instead you get lots of empty ruins and random spawns in between. Moving around the world feels clunky. You cant climb tiny hills. Often times your character will hit a small rut and be unable to even move forward out of hit. Would like to see a climbing skill added.The game is certainly not what I hoped and without some major game changing overalls probably never will."
,Recommended,529180,33700350,Posted: 21 July,all,Cerberus,"I do not recommend this game to anyone whom is looking for a finished product, its far from it, hence early access. This game is stated to be roughly 30% completed.However if your willing to support (invest) in Dark & Light please be prepared to see a large amount of bugs/glitches and lack of content and you can help by providing that information. The community whom is backing up D&L constantly provides Snail Games USA as shown in the link below:http://steamcommunity.com/app/529180/discussions/0/1458455461478743693/I am giving this game a Thumbs UP for recommendation as I personally enjoy the game despite disruptive bugs from time to time.The idea of factions, better custom character creations (in comparison to Ark), currency w/ NPC trading, unique talent trees, taming, and the ability to use magic is what lured me in and I'm impressed even this early in the games development.Graphics are just about the same (in comparison to Ark) however the end result will be based on your GPU.In game music I'll leave to you for preference as I turn mines to 0 and listen to youtube music in the background.Please keep in mind this is Early Access and the game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development.Lastly BEFORE purchasing the game please see if you meet the system requirements to run it as this game is seems demanding.*Updated thanks to feedback from MisinformedOwl"
76561198009218405,Recommended,529180,33703712,Posted: 21 July,all,Laserguide,This game is early access. It's alot like Ark in many ways. It's a little rough around the edges. With that being said I love this game. It has a lot of promise and it's fun to play. If you are looking for a new game and like survival type games this one is for you.
,Recommended,529180,33700532,Posted: 21 July,all,The Dark King,"As said many times the reviews put me off this momentarily, but i messaged another reviewer and asked what they thought more indepth, they helped me understand the game was something i was looking for, and did a bit of teaming up etc. The initial loading screen does take a while , i think it took me 5 minutes? but it's the only one that happend. The Tutorial is a bit better than what they were saying earlier, its easy enough, some ui improvements but thats it really."
76561198097562627,Recommended,529180,34759120,Posted: 5 September,all,optiric,"For where this game is it's loads of fun, sure there are bugs and lag issues but it's early access it's pretty much in Alpha if not pre-alpha so go in expecting things like getting stuck, falling though the world etc... the people posting negative reviews complaining about the game right now don't seem to grasp the concept of a game in Alpha and early access, don't go in expecting a complete game and you'll have fun, the potential for this game is amazing but you need go in with the expectation thst the game isn't even half finished and there will be problems and there will even be server wipes"
,Recommended,529180,33689119,Posted: 20 July,all,(AaO) Nightmare,"alright, so for all of those that are saying this is ARK but with a different skin, you are basically correct, i havent played much of this game, about 45 minutes but it is 80% identical to ark, you have to eat food, drink water, stay warm/cool, etc.. IF YOU DO NOT LIKE ARK DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.with that being said, to those of you saying nothing works bla bla bla, upgrade your PC and stop complaining. this game is graphically amazing, the customization of your character and abilities is pretty cool, the questline they give you at the begginning of the game really helps you to get into gear and get things moving, its an early access game, so for all of you fools complaining about bugs and how stuff doesnt work, go google ""what is an early access game"" and stop your complaining. me personally, i do not like this game because of the intense survival aspect (eating food and drinking water and staying warm, or death) of it. but i will reccommend this game if you like ARK, i dont like ARK either but this game is much better than ARK, the main differences between this game and ARK is magic and NPC's, the magic system they use is pretty cool, how you can choose what types of magic you want to specialize in and how you want to use them, the NPC's are a nice feature compared to ARK, you can buy and sell stuff for gold, important stuff like food and water, because no one wants to spend 30 mins farming food and water so you can continue to play the game without dieing and having to start over. the game was a little overhyped, its not as action intense as it was put out to be, probably a marketing scheme, but eitherway it is a good game and has alot of potential, if you like ARK, you will like this much more, but if you do not like ARK, dont waste your money because it is almost exactly the same with a few minor tweaks, you dont start out with cool magic and stuff, you start out just like you do in ARK, you have to build your way up to be able to cast spells and do stuff regarding action and magic, which im guessing would take about 2-3 hours of constant farming and lvling up your skills. so for those who are unsure about this game and wondering if its like ARK and if you will like it or not, heres your answer."
76561198167366984,Recommended,529180,33769833,Posted: 24 July,all,Starlite Walker,Our culture wants everything instant and fast and doesn't want to read more than 140 characters.don't buy into the reviews of people who barely delved into the game.This game has a ton of potential and is very fun in it's current state.Just make sure you have a ton of freed up space on your computer.
,Recommended,529180,33869755,Posted: 28 July,all,RΔVENRØXIE,"This game is GREAT!!I will go ahead and say, ALOT of the bad reviews on this game are from people who...• Barely even gave it a chance.• Are trying to play the game on their ""N64 Super Potatoe Delux"" PC.• Don't understand what Early Access means• Don't enjoy gathering, crafting, building. (Why did they purchase the game? The world may never know)Yes, there are many aspects of the game that need some work. I have no doubt those things will be dealt with in the near future.No, this is not Rust. Most players seem very friendly. I have only been KOS'd once the entire time of playing and have yet to see toxic people prowling the in game chat and/or voice chat.So, if you like gathering, crafting, building, magic, mythilogic animals, dinos, that you can tame. You will enjoy this game alot."
,Recommended,529180,34112402,Posted: 8 August,all,Dubb,Game looks amazing on a decent rig. This game is not very well optimized yet for smaller-end PC's so be aware that the required specs listed are realistic. As far as gameplay goes this game is fantastic. As a fan of Ark you will feel at home with similar mechanics. The fantasy characteristics of the wild tames among the open world in this game serves that crave for becoming a powerful player amongst a server. This game will be truly something special when its finished. As of now it has a long way to go.
97648513484534872,Recommended,529180,33776569,Posted: 24 July,all,KillerCandy,"I see alot of potential in this game. If you get past the ""loading time""its a really fun game.Does it need work?  YES, it is to be expected from a game that is in the ""Early Access"" phase.I run the game on 65fps with most settings on high.I honestly think this is a great start. the patches have been making it better each time."
,Recommended,529180,33769469,Posted: 24 July,all,-=AlfaDave=-,"Give it a chance is well worth it.First of all lest start by saying that the team that did ark are the ones who are behind this game. All sounds are the same, doors, chest etec but by no means the game is a copy and paste is a whole different experience and I promise you that.Just like Ark, devs are fixing problems pretty quick, updates are been shoot constantly. I played Ark the first day it came out and I have over 3k hours in it and I could tell you for sure this game release was 100 times better than ark, more stable and no fps drops for me. My server has only crash 1 time in 15 hours of gameplay I have so far.Is not the most polish game atm but is well worth your money. I'm not a 2 hour gamer....Check my main games are all over 20 hours at least, take my advice and if you like survival games mix with some Skyrim then this is your game.What ever your decision is just don't let negative reviews make up your mind try it yourself.I will be really honest, this is like ark Solo players will have a hard time surviving, unless you play single player. Have a great day everyone and enjoy your gaming experience:) Peace to all my game family out there.Performance for me is fine:I have a GTX 1060 4gb12 Gb of rami5 ProcessorEverything on High with shadows on normal."
76561198010158847,Not Recommended,529180,34623077,Posted: 30 August,all,Thorn CZ,"1) Pay $30 for an F-ing early access game2) Log in, reduce the graphics settings, then go through forums only to realize that it is just the way things are and accept the fact that server lag and choppy FPS while loading new areas will be your buddies on this journey.3) It doesn't matter that the tutorial is absent and beginners quests do not explain much, because they are bugged anyway and you will not be able to finish them.4) Die a lot in the beginnings. That is cool in a survival game. What is not cool is that the nr.1 killer in this game are bugs. And not the cute tameable ones.5) Spend 10-600 minutes to tame an animal6) Get it stuck in a glitchy area, have it killed eventually7) Spend 10-600 minutes to tame an animal8) Get it stuck inside a predator(s), watch them die again9) Watch the devs address issues from the bottom of the priority list, while game-screwing bugs and mechanics have been known for months.10) Uninstall, come back in a few months"
76561198052259018,Not Recommended,529180,33679807,Posted: 20 July,all,Sinner,"Once game loaded, announcement from Dev's in game stated game is currently only 30% finished, and read like it was google translated from another language other than English. (Not a complaint, just passing along info to those who haven't bought the game, as thats the first time I've heard that figure).Loading screens took a solid minute to load with FPS dropping to 1 fps.No PVE servers at the time of this post, as was advertised, just PVP servers.  Was spawn killed 5 seconds after character creation by a group of screaming mouth breathers. No way to disable voice chat (only a volume slider), and had to listen to a bunch of screaming idiots.  Vital keybindings such as zoom in/out, toggle run, map, etc all didn't work.  Tutorial appeared and dissapeared within 10 seconds.  Character movement feels clunky and not fluid at all.Requested a refund.Graphics were quite sub-par using a GTX 1080, but it's Early release and I'm sure (hoping) they are still being optimized. May check back in several months to see if anything has improved, but it feels more like a demo at this point.Oviously I don't expect games to be polished in the EA stage, but this feels like it shouldn't even have reached the EA stage yet."
76561198160251769,Recommended,529180,33700667,Posted: 21 July,all,copco1,"So far so good runs well and have had no problems, I have only played a short while though in single player"
76561197988395250,Recommended,529180,34818575,Posted: 8 September,all,Fisty,"This is an early 6 hour review. I don't have the greatest specs for a machine, pretty middle of the road and I am not having nearly the amount of technical issues others are having. I had the weird 1080p bug, but a simple restart made the game look beautiful. If you're worried about being able to play, I suggest giving it a shot if you're interested in a huge sandbox fantasy world and refund if you have problems. If you have game breaking technical issues, you probably shouldn't even be writing a negative review for a recently released Early Access gameIntel Core i5-6500Radeon R9 38016GB of RAM"
,Recommended,529180,33824730,Posted: 26 July,all,Nima,"Game have many good things but writing the problems of this game is beyond my ability & as the developer has officially announced, only 30% of the game has been completed it is unfair if anyone wants to give a negative vote at this timethen if u would like support the developer buy this game i think It takes time to complete more than 1 year"
76561197993444834,Not Recommended,529180,34563561,Posted: 28 August,all,Monk3y,"- walking in this world thru Zonechanges freezes the Game for 5-15 sec which makes the Game less Fun and is frustrating.- Building needs some Love, the UI is not exact enough, many Times you just missplace a Piece or it doesnt find the Anchor- Reparing Spells ist just to complicated, you need to open the Inventory ind click around like crazy, when you in a Fight it is bad- the Game needs a much better Craft indicator outside if the Inventory, so you can see anytime what is going on- walking on slopes ist just ridiculous, you get stuck or just are nor able to move at allright now it is more frustrating then enjoyable."
76561198070137692,Not Recommended,529180,33698234,Posted: 21 July,all,[ROB]Ey bOss,"DnL portrays itself in its trailer as an ambitious project, trying to make itself the ESO we always wanted with epic quests, crafting, different styles of combat that are all viable, epci enemies, beautiful worlds, and to top it all off you can even make your own houses.This games trailer does not come even close to portraying what this game really is, which is exactly the reason this game is going to get a negative review. This is not some amazing RPG survival game with crafting. It is ARK: Survival Evolved reskinned and with a more restrictive crafting system. Allow me to explain; in this game you have skill trees. To be able to make certain objects, you need a certain skill level in a particular skill. This may not seem to be too bad of a system, except it harshly restricts what you can create. It isn't like only some specialized objects need a certain level to be crafted. EVERYTHING NEEDS A CERTAIN LEVEL TO BE CRAFTED. Even a basic bedroll needs a certain level in a specialized skill that you will not get even after completing the tutorial which can take up to an hour to complete. You will not be able to start making a house either.I understand this game is still only 30% done, but if this insanely restrictive crafting system is going to exist in the main game, I cannot in good conscience say you should play it. Don't get me wrong, some restrictions in a crafting system are fine. But its not OK when every ♥♥♥♥ing object in the game requires a skill level that can sometimes take a very long time to level up just once.Now onto the combat where this game dissappointed me the most. There is a reason why you don't see melee combat in the trailer- it's because it is terrible. Only about two animations for swinging a sword which is your only viable melee weapon currently, and even then its not like you can specially control it. You can't block or use light or heavy attacks. All you get to do is just hold down the button. There are, as far as I can see so far, no real weapon sets either. You can't even just have a classic sword and shield, or two handed greatsword or axe. Just a basic sword and thats it. Even then, melee is unviable in every way. Magic and long range weapons like spears or bows are a far better choice than melee weapons, making melee completely useless except in last resort. And probably the worst offense of this game is that every creautre, and I do mean every, is a ♥♥♥♥ing damage sponge. You can hack away at a sheep for a good 5 minutes with your sword and nothing happens. None of your weapons feel like they have any weight to them.In conclusion, and TL;DR- this game is not an RPG. It is ARK reskinned and with a more restrictive crafting system.I would play this game if these issues are addressed and the combat is made far better than it is now."
,Recommended,529180,33802894,Posted: 26 July,all,R4ND3MGAMER,Great game nice grind so game doesn't get boring has bugs as expected and mini bosses are not easy to kill at starting lvls but can be done with ranged weapons for some of them worth the money if tou dont mind early access games and bugs
,Recommended,529180,33704275,Posted: 21 July,all,[.TGM.] DAMAG3,"August 23, 2017 -- So the game has been out a litte more than a whole month. Let's take a moment to reflect upon the game's lifespan until now. I'll start with the cons, because everyone likes to know beforehand if they are going to step into a pile of dogs**t. Mostly because they don't want to step in said pile of dogs**t.CONS:- Regardless of the frequent patches that are being rolled out, none of them seem to really be for fixing relevant issues. Most of them were to cater to PVP servers and then it flipflopped to cater to PVE players crying about getting rekt in PVP on PVP servers.- Actual gamebreaking bugs fixed by patching e.g. falling through mountainous terrain: Minimal.- Actual helpful implementations to the game in any way e.g. UI/HUD updates, better Tools: Minimal.- Server Administration is something for people who either professionally do it IRL or have spent a lot of time doing it trial & error until it just ""worked."" Launching your own server is a hassle, the ingame launcher tool is a waste of time as it occupies your Steam account and prevents you from playing from the same machine. You need to write a .BAT yourself to avoid the account occupation and even then the functionality is questionable. Changing the settings of running servers in realtime? Nope. Easy to use intuitive interface for Admins that have less experience with commandline i.e. writing commands on the fly in text to control game elements? Nope. The server admin GUI is currently in a very poor state, clunky to use, and not very effective so you might as well get used to writing everything out. Also, server restarts with their lack of announcement often come with massive rollbacks in one neat little aggrivating package because force saving the game world to disk and THEN restarting is something mythical that no productive server environment should ever do. /endsarcasm. Be warned if you intend on running your own server for yourself and your friends, it will be a pain in your hind end.- Optimization: Minimal. You still need a pretty powerful computer and even then the game will probably run bad.- PVP doesn't currently have much of a ""point."" The only reward one has to gain from PVP is perhaps territorial claim and what little one can scavenge from the ruins of a defeated enemy's base, which tends to just be garbage you can easily farm yourself within less time it took to kill the enemy. While barbarically butchering both foreign factions and players belonging to your own faction can be fun and this may suffice for most players, I personally feel it is lacking substance and a solid point.PROS:- The amount of pure potential for this game is still really nuts. The randomness of the animal AI at times, combined by crap-your-pants scare moments in the dark of night, the beautifully designed biomes and landscapes, and even the human element itself in the world, all of it ultimately leads to a good gaming experience even with all the cons I mentioned before.- Given the PC can handle it, this game still can have compelling visuals for those of us who are graphics junkies.- With a little revision and replanning, the game's crafting system could become quite entertaining, even allowing for players to develop characters into artisans and master craftsmen focused on special areas of knowledge, giving players a reason to fulfil a certain role and benefit from fulfilling said role. At the moment its sort of a ""grind to level everything"" situation where players hardly have to interact in trade, but some people like isolationism. It just doesn't make the starting towns with assorted vendors very relevant.- Animals and creatures being tameable was cool enough as is, but many of them can even play specific roles or have special features the player can use to his benefit. Capturing a Water Elemental and having her water your crops in a location where you normally have to rely on rain is pretty spiffy thinking.There's really a lot more to discuss but these are the things I find important. I am not quite ready to revoke my Recommendation for D&L just yet, but Devs if you are reading this, you might want to get to work fixing the problems that matter or you're going to kill this game.July 21, 2017 -- TL;DR: If you can't cope with bugs and issues this is not for you because you'll rage, fast. If you don't have an above average PC (at least a SATA III SSD for the installation and good GPU like GTX700 card or better with 3GB RAM) then you'll have terrible performance issues. If you don't care about many things being broken and want to help fund the game then do get it, it looks like they're taking it in the right direction.This game is basically what you get when you mix Ark with Conan. Some say there are elements of Elder Scrolls there too but I don't count a little magic as being overly Elder Scrolls. The UI is essentially exactly like Ark and Conan, even down to the wording. Most of the gameplay is exactly like those games too.The good: It's familiar. It's definitely a good start in the right direction. There's quite a bit of potential. A platform for building something magnificent. If the developers really stay focused on the things that really count then it's going to do just as well if not even better than the titles before it. It could end up being the best blend of action MMO with survival and base building available. If they don't screw it up. Just don't expect too much from this handful of primal goo and you're golden. Enjoy it slowly.The bad: You have to expect these things when dealing with Early Access. Bad performance. Bugs. Incomplete content. Progress wipes. Cheaters/Exploiters/Hackers. Griefers/Trolls. This game is according to the devs in Early Access but some parts feel like it's still Pre-Alpha. Either way, it's currently VERY unpolished. Many people have complained about very long loading times (my initial load with a SSD is 22 seconds which I have to say does feel like kind of a lot) Some of the starting quests flat out don't even work. So yeah, expect broken stuff.Essentially, you're going to gamble your money. Let's get that into the open. If the devs make too many mistakes this title is going to be absolute garbage. If they don't then its going to be very much worth the current price tag. It's up to you to decide if you want to risk the investment -- but if you do and you end up disappointed, then don't say you weren't warned if you read this message beforehand. But we're talking about what 30 bucks, hell you can't even really fill up your car's gas tank with that much money. The loss is minimal."
76561197975032010,Recommended,529180,33703978,Posted: 21 July,all,Oxcyde,"Do you like ARK?Do you like fireballs?This is Ark with fireballs and so far it's been very fun. Worth playing with a group of friends if only just for the progression adn exploration. It seems like a lot of the negative reviews are from people upset at the lack of PvE servers, but that doesnt really effect me. Runs great and very few glitches other that the usual ark glitches lol. Best survival game of the year imo, lets see if citadel can top it."
,Recommended,529180,33701921,Posted: 21 July,all,Xethreal,"This game has great potential, you can really tell that it's going to be amazing later just by playing right now in its current state -- looking past the >>EARLY ACCESS<< flaws."
,Recommended,529180,35333877,Posted: 30 September,all,Assthetic Doujins,"I don't usually make a review unless I feel like I absolutley need to. Within my first hour in Dark and Light, I encountered almost every bug/glitch that I read about in the comments. By then, I was heated and was ready to refund this game... but something about the game had me interested. It gave me this Dark Souls vibe and I couldn't resist. I had 200 hours in 2 weeks. I am not proud of it, but that's how addicted I got.The real reason I am giving this a positive review is because the devs are constantly working hard on this game with 3 patches in one week, they show that they are listening and want to fix the issues of the game. I appreciate how they listen to the community and although it has it's current issues. It is Early Access."
,Recommended,529180,33699584,Posted: 21 July,all,niccoli00,"Has a lot of similarities to ARK, which if you are following both games, you may or may not realize that Snail USA is a parent company for Wildcard. So it makes sense that they are using assets in DnL. So the ""ARK clone"" / ""ARK ripoff"" negative reviews can be ignored in my opinion.So far I've played to level 13, and it's what I expected. A magic / fantasy sandbox. Having played ARK has helped with some basic things that neither game really ever tell you. Like using a pick axe vs. axe on rocks or trees, and the different resources you get when you swap out. Using a key to access things vs. having to hold E, etc.Overall the game looks good, but I think they held back some settings because it seems like it's not quite what it could be. I suspect that it would not be horrible frame rates with full Epic settings. Likely we'll see this improve as development continues.The level system / skill level system I'm not particularly excited about, feels like a double grind in some cases. Not horribly so, but enough that I'm testing a tweak of XP gain on my server. The problem is, you have levels which give you stat points. And skills have requirements before they can be unlocked. One of those requirements is certain level caps. It's not terrible, but I think it feels a bit too grindy.Overall, if you liked ARK and you are looking for a fantasy/magic game, I think this will be it, though like ARK when it first released in EA, this has a way to go. I'd say it's a bit ahead of the ARK curve, but it's got a lot of room to grow.If you're on the fence, my recommendation, with any EA game, is to watch the store page for update news. If a dev is continuously pumping out updates, improving the game, then it's likely a safe bet.Also, I figure all my games values at time played vs purchase price. 8 hours for 25 bucks means about $4 an hour cost to play, so far. And I'll be putting in another 10+ hours over the weekend most likely."
76561198029592782,Recommended,529180,33704605,Posted: 21 July,all,PrutoPlox,If u have a good setup and your choose the right settings the game runs good and looks nice for this early days.I enjoy it. Hoping for more updates.
,Not Recommended,529180,33732371,Posted: 22 July,all,Thinker,"As you may see, I have not played this game for a long length of time. I'm aware there are people saying that negative reviews are  fabrications brought on by the game using Arks engine or the game's poor server structure.But when I'm asked whether I can recommend this, the answer is absolutley not. Regardless of the games 'concept' of reskinning Ark in to a midevil theme with magic (which it is),**The game is in a near unplayable state in both single player and online.Singleplayer suffers from: Incredibly poor optimization, memory leaks, 15 minute initial loading screens, and random crashes. (I haven't been FORCED to play a game on 'Low' settings since Windows '98)Online gameplay suffers from: Lag, vanilla Ark progression and gathering rates, the player cap makes the world feel near empty, and all the issues of single player.Will the game eventually be stable enough to play? Maybe.For now though.Wait."
76561197995276375,Recommended,529180,33737042,Posted: 22 July,all,I'mHungry,"I'm playing on a pve official server.  So far I'm absolutely in love with the game.  For those that like Ark the game will feel familiar in places, but the game is very different.  Whereas Ark has a focus that's heavily aimed at taming, it feels like this games focus is spread over more bases.  I feel like I have a lot more freedom.I personally think this game is a gem so far.  It does have problems, as you should expect from an early access game.  Loading into the game takes 5+ minutes for the first load in each time(returning to title screen and returning takes much less time). Sometimes there's trouble loading in, there are glitches, etc.  That said, it also runs very smoothly for me.I've had more fun in the 6 hours I've played this game, than I have in any game for awhile.  I recommend for people to stop thinking 'clone' as such thoughts serve no purpose, and aren't even accurate. This game has a completely different feel.  If you like ark, or like fantasy, or especially if you like both... and you understand what early access means... then try this.  You may love it."
76561198196781331,Recommended,529180,33703919,Posted: 21 July,all,SEc,I hope we have PVE sever !!!
76561197970331132,Not Recommended,529180,33744428,Posted: 23 July,all,koen101,"Not as bad as some people make it out to be, but I wouldn't recommend buying it just yet.Too many bugs and not optimised enough yet.Give it some time though, because it does have alot of potential.Might change to recommended in a few months if they polish it up a bit more."
76561198049014689,Recommended,529180,33685347,Posted: 20 July,all,Shorty,"Edited ReviewJuly 20, 2017It is a rushed early access.Has a lot of potential, it is fun to play and in all honesty (since everyone likes to compare to ARK) for day 1 of release its in a better standing than ARK was on day 1 of release.July 21, 2017Just wanted to point out that within 24 hours they've already started updating and working on improving and optimising the game. Any bug reports that I've posted have been worked on/fixed in their first update."
,Not Recommended,529180,33683155,Posted: 20 July,all,Eleven06,"I've got to say, playing online is horrible. I switched to single player and miraculously everything worked. It was literally a night and day difference. Of course I came here for online play so I'm not happy. That said, the game really feels like an ARK mod. Which makes me like it. I DO NOT LIKE ARK. The game doesn't grab me but I enjoy this better. I know the things are pretty much the same, even down to the circular menus. The look and feel just seems better (when in single player mode) than it does in ARK.Some day 1 problems I had in onlilne mode was harvesting is broken. The indicators of what is what were lagged so you didn't know what you were actually doing most of the time. I get that it's a day 1 and lots of people wanted to play but it was just brutal. After 1.5 hours in online play I was barely up to a stone pickaxe because of the difficulty of harvesting. Then I walked out of the starting area and got stomped by what looked like a herd of spiders. I feel there should be a little better buffer as to where the high level mobs get to roam.I'm not going to refund the game. I'm going to wait and play more when the dedicated server options are available. I think most of the problems people are experiencing are launch pains. I agree, online play is bad at this moment. Even WoW was a wreck day 1 (I know because I was there).Why do I think it'll get better? Because it already is better when played as single player. Things work better there and that's what it'll hopefully be after they iron it out.That said, until the online mode gets ironed out I can't recommend the game. Once things get ironed out I'll update the review."
,Recommended,529180,33833096,Posted: 27 July,all,Davoodinator,"shortformseems legit.  will change to ""not recommended"" if they decide to never add workshop support or if they do and ""phone it in"" like the conan team didlongformgame is funis a rote grinder and basic crafter type gamethe fantasy aspect is coolthe leveling up is coolthe fantasy creatures are coolbut wiat. where is the workshop?we need auto downloads and downloaded-mod agnosticism so that people can have tons of mods but not have to manually configure them to play on server x y z.if they screw up the workshop aspect this game will be ""not recommended"" right quick."
76561198088531213,Not Recommended,529180,34227704,Posted: 13 August,all,SUBJ3KT17,"This game is essentially Ark re-invented or re-imagined. It has a lot of potential, but it needs a -lot- of polish. Yes, I know, it's still in early access. But that's my point. Wait for it get some mileage, then check it out. Until then, I can't really recommend it."
,Not Recommended,529180,35161070,Posted: 23 September,all,EvatG,"My initial reaction to the game was of pure astonishment. The game looked and played beautifully at first, with the promise of quests and a huge skill tree for my friends and I to enjoy. Little did we know that no matter where we decided to settle down, a level 80+ monster will come down to obliterate us.The first area we chose was literally right outside the main dwarf city. Every single night and day, a dark wraith would spawn and cause any progress we had would be made completely irrelevant. We eventually moved further down, to where we saw an endless valley of panthers and predatory birds ranging from level 50+. We decided against this, and farmed our way to our first armor set and level 15ish. We tamed our first boar and road off towards the mountains to explore.That may of been the most enjoyable moment, but it also lasted the shortest. When we rerturned from our trek, we noticed there was a panther lying sidewise sleeping, but it was following us sanic fast. We got off our mounts, and noticed the little z's above his head. His AI had forced him to follow us home (mind you, we had travled across the world). My friend couldn't move his boar, as the sleeping monster had merged into the model. We shot at it, which caused the level 130 panther to destroy my friend and I and wreck our houses.To combat this, I sacrificed myself and led him down towards the dwarf town. To my surprise, the beautiful AI had caused the panther to bug into the mountain. If we got near, he would attack from a distance and instant kill us. Amazing.After this horrible moment, we wanted to just quit. Why would we play a game where outside the starting area, high level dark wraiths would kill us at every single moment? I convinced him to carry on, and we found a new base where only longhorns and bunnies spawned. This seemed like the perfect place for maybe a day or so (realtime).Suddenly, the spawns drastically changed to high level wolves and panthers. The boar I had tamed so many in game days ago *roughly 17* had become stuck in the model of another panther, killing him instantly. This almost got the best of me, but once again I convinced my friend to carry on.I created 2 more troughs and 2 more boar saddles, and we made a rune to teleport back to the main city. As we spawned, a level 90 wolf appeared and mutilated us both instantly.tl;dr, drastic balance changes need to be made. I don't need to hear that ""we don't want to learn the game"" or that we need to ""get good"", as we both spent hours researching what to do in this very early game. I understand the game is still fairly new, but to my understanding it was made by the same developer who created ARK, a fur superior (yet surprinsgly much more boring) game.I haven't even mentioned the bugged quests that refuse to turn in, items that are literally placeholders on patch release, hit detection (the dreaded arrow bug from ARK is in this one as well folks!). I really wish I could like this game. I really do. The short time I had was fun. But for $30? I wish I could get my money back.Hopefully in the future the game becomes something worth investing time into. For now, into the depth of my steam collection it goes."
76561198052243162,Not Recommended,529180,33683650,Posted: 20 July,all,Soviet,"On Launch all official game servers, 27+, are pro PVP. Can’t say that’s a good call, ever. That’s effectively the devs saying all beta players go ahead and camp the town exit zones vs people that are just trying out the game, as is exactly what happened based on the chat logs.The game seems fun but with the night and dark cycle being so frequent and the darkness being just a gimmick that you ward off with the nuisance of a recast able spell. This with the point above is just hard to get into for me as I’ve not played much of this genre."
76561198007191235,Recommended,529180,33703771,Posted: 21 July,all,Daeryk,"Agter around 9 hours of gameplay, I say this game worth all the money.High immersion and lots of content.Needs only bug fixing and optimization.Suggested!"
,Recommended,529180,33815261,Posted: 26 July,all,TheMexiMan,"This is the new review after the fix update. I have deleted all comments from before the update. I have reused some points from my negative review because it didn't change that aspect.This game used to be sort of fun. Now, I find it quite enjoyable. Get ready for a long one.The large amount of bugs this game was riddled with made it unplayable. A lot of the defense said that it was the person's in question PC or connection to server. Therefore, trying to negate anything negative said about the game, whether it was decent advice or not. Turns out the defense was wrong. They were bugs caused by the overwhelming number of players that joined the game. The devs aimed to fix it. Proving they are here to show themselves as good devs, the creators released a huge patch fixing a lot of bugs that had made me give it a negative review.~Optimization (Updated)While it could be better, the update definetly fixed most of my issues with keeping a decent amount of frames. Now that the game looks good and smooth, it adds points to the enjoyment of the game.~Progression (Same)I love the progression in this game. When my bud and I first hopped in, we got excited over the skills to learn and grind up to. The system makes you, not only level up your character, but level up the specific skill in question. The game tells you how to level up the skill so that is not a mystery. You then go through doing what you need to do to progress. Some skills depend upon you leveling others up with them. The grind doesn't feel slow because your character should level up everything at a steady rate. If not, that means you aren't playing right. While I was hoping for a class based skill tree kind of system, the way they did it felt very solid to me.~Building (The following only applies to PvP)This part of the game is great and bad. The building aspect is fun. Comparable to ARK accept for learning the schemas which feel like they have more progression (definetly a positive). Only problem is, in PvP, it almost does not make a difference. The door is a weak point. Raids are easy and getting raided is even easier. Excluding the house seal (Now that they fixed it) there is no way to protect your base offline. Note, have not tried goblin contracts (too busy getting stunted of growth by other players). Raiding is a fun aspect of the game, but if any tier of player can attack a higher tier with no problem, then the system is obviously flawed. You can also own a house in towns which is protected by guards.~Bugs (Updated)Most of the game destroying bugs have been squished out but a few remain. Hit detection is still not great but definetly improved upon. This is mainly caused by desync in largely populated servers. Items in inventory still randomly pop out and tend to get lost (RIP Druidic Hat). Not too much noticed apart from that. Except flying boars (charge up a hill).~Combat (Updated)Melee combat is still not reliable. Unless you are playing on a very low populated server (which I am not) then you should rely on magic and ranged.~Other Players (Same)Starting in this game is an errand. I say that because it isn't enjoyable, like running errands. Chances are, a level 35 is outside the starting town with a dragon and they are waiting for you to go collect your stuff for your first rune of light. The unforgiving nature of the game does get to certain people, making them much nicer to other players. I was fighting a trent (Don't know if they are called that) when a random player came by and started helping me. That is great. But that is the 3 out of 10 times.~Starting Towns (Updated)A vendor crashed my game. The popup that said my game crashed also crashed. Then everything other than my steam launcher crashed (chrome, discord). This has happened twice. Also, why can I not donate to them? My bud could easily. Me? No. Guess not. But you know what? The aestetic of the starting town is great. Instead of being thrust out into the wild, you are getting a safe haven. Now that the guards have been fixed and actually are great, then the towns are a nice place to flee to,~Harvesting (Updated)Not going to lie, still not good. Let me clarify, when you first log in to a server, it works as expected. When you get to playing for more than an hour, you will find that stuff is coming less as you harvest. That instant harvest turns into 3 minute harvesting. A relog fixes it, but if he do not have anywhere to safely do it, then this is a burden.~Taming (Same)Way better than ARK. More intense and works as expected. Nuff said.~Other Reviews (Same - to show the feeling before and after the update)I have been reading other players' reviews for the past hour and a half. A lot of the positive ones give the same defense. ""It is an EARLY ACCESS game. Give it some time."" or ""The negative reviews only played for an hour, they did not even get into the game."" The issue here is that first impressions serve people a lot. If your first impression of Skyrim was not being able to attack something, then you would probably not like it either. One could argue that Skyrim wasn't an EARLY ACCESS game, but at the same time, they both cost money for an immediate product. One could also argue that a half finished game was to be expected here since of the EA stamp on it. A half finished game? Yes. An unplayble, unenjoyable half finished game? No. That is why negative reviews exist. To tell curious players that the game is broken and somewhat unplayable in its current state. If people who don't enjoy the game give it ""more time"" then players who don't know about the bad part of the game and purchase the game will be disappointed. And some of the negative reviews are blatant hatred over petty things, but some (like this one I hope) cast some light on the dark issue of whether or not you should buy the game.When it comes down to it, the devs chose to release the game in its' current state, therefore, it deserves the rating it gets. The customer should not ""wait"" for the food to get better once paid for. The food should be good when it comes out of the kitchen.~Conclusion (Updated)They fixed so much in the update. Definetly leaves the doubters in EA devs with a hint of a good future game. I still believe they should of held off on the game for a week or two so that negative reviews like I used to have would not have occured.Now that the game is fixed, buy it. It is fun. Now that you can play it. Even by yourself, it can be enjoyable. Now that the devs have showed that they will fix as soon as possible, I definetly have faith in this game.I will admit, I was wrong about the game not getting better at a faster rate. Within a week of my purchase, my opinion on this game has 180ed due to the devs actions.6/10... Until the next update."
,Recommended,529180,33866916,Posted: 28 July,all,Brother|Joe,"Yes it's true the game is similar to ark for now.. the same debs who worked on ark is helping DNL they are both owned by the same company. DNL is only 30% complete as of this review it is now going down  it's own  path to make the game unquie and make a name for it self,  there are 3 factions and questing and other features that set this game apart  right now at its current state it runs well on a PC build with i7 6700k and 1070 and 16gb ddr 4 ram that being said people need to remember early access games in alpha state ain't optimized yet and won't be until later down the track features and gameplay assets are done first then they optimize all in one hit there is how ever minor optimization done but don't expect a huge difference and older machine to run 60fps anytime soon.. this game has serious potential to be a seriously good game it needs dedication from fans to make great suggestions to shape it's future and if you won't to help make a great game it's a good time to get on it while it's early in development this game deserves a chance instead of just being called an ark clone it deserves to prove it self we must remember all games copy from each other they all use similar ideas and features since its only the beginning of the development of alpha  you can notice them more clearly but as more gameplay assets and features are completed the similarities will become minor.."
76561198038900107,Recommended,529180,33837286,Posted: 27 July,all,☣.SPASEKADET.☣,If you havent Bought this game already...you should...just sayingDont listen to the ARK people..they are just soar they are still playing a Poorly optimized game after 4 years lol
76561198392171145,Recommended,529180,34342723,Posted: 18 August,all,Dravynn2525,"D""ark"" and light.  Honestly its the same game as Ark with a different ""theme"" and im fine with that.  I like both of them.  Even the Ark admin commands work in D""ark"" and light.  Even the ""destroywilddinos"" works... for a game that has no dinos.If you like fantasy themes get D""ark"" and light... if you like more scifi with dinosaurs.. get Ark.Of course right now Ark has more content having been in EA for over a quater of a decade now but the concepts and potential that D""ark"" and light have is definitely there.  Also i like more fantasy themed games than scifi, usually.Good game but still very EA with bugs and very bad optimization.  But no different than any other EA game, also no worse than Ark was when it was only a month old."
76561198026216742,Recommended,529180,33941707,Posted: 31 July,all,Grievous,Amazing Game even for early access. Yes there are bugs and limited content but give this game the attention it deserves and the devs the time they need and it will be easily a top game for it's genre.
76561198009100408,Recommended,529180,34466888,Posted: 24 August,all,Cavewomanosaurus,What a fun great escape from Ark. The progression in developement can be seen every few days; can also be debated every few days as well.
76561198174720814,Recommended,529180,33731752,Posted: 22 July,all,bellum.universalis,"After two days and some 20 hours play i still have no idea why ppl gave so many bad reviews. I've been having a blast even with the bugs and lags and whatnot. It's early access so yes that means bugs and lags and whatnot. You want a perfect game? Then gtfo and play tetris and stop downrating good games for no good reason.Can hardly wait to build a castle on top of the mountain. Yep that's right, you can build your own CASTLE ... with defenses, and decorations and defensive pets. Hell you could freakin' have dragons defending it. But enuf said, time to get back to my CASTLE. MUHAHAHAHAHA with dragons. (If you see a meteor, and are low lvl or not in the mood of dying run, like forest gump, seriously run. Wraiths are bad mkay, although the scythe ain't bad...nope run, just run)"
,Not Recommended,529180,34555494,Posted: 28 August,all,Snow Enigma,"Mmm... game is pretty poorly optimized, chops and lags constantly everywhere, they tried to fix the whole melee harvesting and it's only slightly better. Players and creatures falling through the world and getting stuck in big empty holes in terrain with no way out and instantly losing their creatures. Taming creatures takes WAY too long. I still do have high hopes for this game... but right now it's just unplayable when the entire middle of the map lags you to hell. Will try again in about a year."
76561198059742327,Recommended,529180,34530105,Posted: 27 August,all,Cougar One,"Great Graphics  Cool animals and demons ,Dark and Light,  is tough,  prepare to die alot.     The devs have done a lot of work making this game playable.   When i first got D n L    i just about through the towel in because of the bugs,    now it is playable,  not finished by no means but its worth it.Definatly worth getting,  I even got my own server I enjoy it so Much     Come Join me  server name is Ixion"
,Recommended,529180,33698732,Posted: 21 July,all,Loruud,"Runs better and has more features than ark when it released. Early access so dont buy it if you dont want to go on the journey again. Pretty good for early access. Its negative because steam allow people to buy downvote and refund games.Edit: Holy crap, use SSD if you haven't(and also obviously have one), went from 5mins loading into the game servers to about a min"
,Recommended,529180,33701774,Posted: 21 July,all,XSVIN,"Not great, but EA and not as bad as it's being made out to be by some. Kind of unfair for it to be ""mostly negative"" after a single day of being in EA. Considering you can get a refund, you are not ""obligated"" to give a bad review if you don't like it.I think when it comes to EA games, you typically can't review it until after the devs have been given a chance. If they make improvements, good on them, but if something continues to get worse or they don't listen to the community, THEN leave a bad review.I wouldn't even give a review at all right now, but I feel that there needs to be some counter-action against people hating on this so early. I expect this will eventually end up being ""mixed"" like 99% of the other EA games, which I think is probably more relative to where it should be overall."
,Recommended,529180,33702268,Posted: 21 July,all,Flapjack,"It still has latency issues that need to be fixed, however, it is a solid game. It borrows assets from Ark so it will be very similar in appearance but gameplay wise it feels great. If you disliked how Ark has gone full-on ham sci-fi with human battering rams and you hated their gravity defying alien armor then this might be up your alley.High-fantasy setting with sandbox elements, 70 players per server, magic, lengthy crafting system, and big world to explore and own for you or your clan 'House'. I don't recommend this game for a comfortable experience because it is in early access and the problems are there.That said, if you care about testing and the occassional rubberbanding doesn't demotivate you. Hop in and see for yourself how this game differs from Ark. You can always refund it if you don't see the potential."
,Recommended,529180,33703674,Posted: 21 July,all,FuzzieChikun,"First line TL;DR: If your machine has the recommended system requirements and you enjoy games like ARK and RUST but have wanted more flexibility and magic in what you're doing, this is a no-brainer and a ton of fun. If you're on the fence, go watch someone play the game on Twitch and keep an open mind, i.e. don't be swayed by mob think in chat. Look at what the game actually is, not what people are complaining or praising, and decide if it's something you want to try. There are some minor issues but I'm not worried that they're going to get fixed, they already updated the servers yesterday.I'm shocked at the number of negative reviews. I played 14.5 hours on official server yesterday with my tribe and 1.5 hours on host/local just to see how the game performed without network lag.Trolls in chat all day complained about the game being an ARK ripoff. They're absolutely not wrong - Snail Studios USA purchased Wildcard Studios, the company that made ARK, in 2015 - the same year ARK was released. They literally own the assets to ARK and have re-used a few here. To say this is just another ARK is short-sighted and unimaginative trolling.First, the cities add an entirely different dimension. I've played a lot of ARK on Host/local because I get tired of the trolls and try-hards. There are ARK mods out there that try to add in NPCs and currency systems, Dark and Light has them built in. The cities are well-done and perform much better than any of the custom RP ARK maps I've played (pro studio vs hobby modders, no surprise there). The currency system can be a little frustrating up front but people who enjoy exploring these games and figuring things out will pick it up pretty quickly. The other side of that is that playing on host/local is a LOT easier than in ARK. The cities make you feel like you're playing online while in host/local mode, and you don't have to fiddle with your Game.ini settings to adjust engram points just so you can afford to build housing and have saddles and weapons.Second, the skill progression system is amazing and closer to Black Desert Online or Skyrim than ARK. You level up what you want, there are no engrams. The ""you must be x level to advance to tier y in skill z"" is a little annoying, but it does help the balance of the game a lot. There are no level 10 characters making top building tier. Leveling things up does require a little bit of brain work but not much. Do you want to level up light magic? Craft light magic runes or defeat light magic creatures to understand them better. Do you want to level up ranged weapons? Start by gathering crafting materials and then craft the basics once you get them until you hit the top tier you can do for your level. You're going to throw out a lot of produced goods in this game, which feels wasteful, but remember that when your character dies - and you will die - even if you lose your gear, you keep your experience and the ability to make the higher-tier items. Your experience and the abilities to produce goods is way more valuable than the goods themselves.The melee system feels pretty good. Ranged system for bows is a little different from ARK or Conan, it's a lot more arcade-like but also feels pretty decent. Magic is a lot of fun and doesn't feel OP, at least to me. If anything, ranged weapons are currently the OP tier. I can kill a level 25 goblin with three arrows to the head, where it takes me multiple shots with Fireball I or Frostbolt I to take one down.Dark and Light does take a while to load. Most sandbox survival games do. Please check the system requirements before purchase. I have a decent gaming rig that I built in 2015 - 8 core AMD CPU, GTX 970, 32 GB RAM, and installed game to the SSD - and had zero issues with performance other than network lag. Again, running on host/local was flawless and a lot of fun, but I have a group of friends I play with and we all went in on this game and have had a ton of fun on official servers despite the lag.There are bugs. It's early access. Early access allows studios that don't have AAA money up front to produce AAA games. There are pros and cons to early access, yes. Protip: sleeping bags can be picked up and put back down if you can't sleep in yours more than once. The tutorials are also pretty clear on what is needed for sleep, but all day yesterday I saw people who didn't pay attention and had to turn to global chat on the server for help.If the price is too high for you to take a risk, I understand. Don't purchase the game. If you're at all interested in survival games with a lot of freedom and depth in character builds, please join those of us who stuck with Dark & Light longer than an hour to see how good this gem really is."
,Recommended,529180,33705786,Posted: 21 July,all,armymdic,"Not sure why all the hate, but this is a really fun EA survival game. Runs on epic settings at 1440p w/ GTX 1080 SC and i74790K at 45 FPS. Not bad for a new release that has not been optimized. If you life survival gaming, this is worth grabbing."
,Not Recommended,529180,34627200,Posted: 30 August,all,desta,"this game has a unique featuremystery patches, whether its replacing textures  with graphics from eye of the beholder to increasing hitpoints on anything till we are in the googleplex's you can expreience the thrill of procedual game development!!!!  log in today to see if you are a sheep dead or stuck in a new mountain"
,Not Recommended,529180,34622291,Posted: 30 August,all,arnold.erasmus,"I love this game. SO why can I not recommend it? It is just to buggy. In many ways. Yes it is an early access game. BUT an important part of any game is that you should be able to play it. I either cannot get onto it because it black screens or it just  does not log onto the servers. There is an 72 hour period before your Buildings degrade and you lose them, well I cannot get onto the server to prevent this.......so I will lose everything.Hope the developers sort out these problems fast and actually resolve issues. They say they want to help so let us see if they do. The blackscreen issue has been around for a while.I really hope they fix it as this game has a lot of potential and is really fun to play. Hopefully they also resolve the taming issues and the randowm loss of gear and objects.  ( I know it is early access. SO I am hopeful)"
76561198043376902,Not Recommended,529180,34015559,Posted: 4 August,all,SoDoG,"the game keep crashing after i logout and try to login the game againi reinstall the game, verify the cache, and i didnt install any other sofrtware or program, but its just suddenly make the game cant play!!!FIX IT and i will give back the good review!"
,Recommended,529180,35380890,Posted: 1 October,all,Aarkan the Wolf,"Dark and Light is very similar to Ark, but set in a fantasy environment. It is still very early in development and so far I have enjoyed playing what is available. I hope the devs bring out the full potential of this title. There are a few bugs but nothing game breaking for me, mostly some minor lag. I have read lots of negative reviews about this game and it seems like people were either expecting a nearly finished title, or their underpowered PCs to play this game at max settings. This game just launched in early access 2 months ago, Ark was not doing well at that point either. As with other early access or beta stages with games, this provides opportunities to improve the game with active feedback from the player base. If you are a fan of Ark or survival sandbox games, then I suggest giving Dark and Light a chance."
76561198088909711,Not Recommended,529180,34440840,Posted: 23 August,all,123,My whole metal base has been removed thanks to new update because devs decided to auto remove buildings if the owner don't play this game for 72 hours without any warning or giving more time for pepole who don't know anything about this new change and because of this i won't recommend this game to anyone because maybe tomorrow they decide to do something more destructive to destroy all of your efforts without thinking or caring about your time.
,Not Recommended,529180,34624913,Posted: 30 August,all,Wolf Angelus,"Warning: Game is falsely advertised. See end of post for actual images of building pieces & graphics on high settings.The pictures are not what you get. Any player made housing you see, such as the imagine with the wooden shack and barrier pen, the textures do not look like this. The company has recently decided to re-do their building textures and make it the mostUGLY building textures you have seen in any game(speaking from having played ARK/Subnautica/Conan). The thatch tier in this game looks like 95% wood, and stone looks like an eyesore. All building textures outline every square you place up with a border around it (as shown in the images below), making it impossible to make a singular, unified looking house.A large portion of players have spoken up about how ugly the textures are, and the company refuses to revert the change, claiming it increases performance a lot (this is a lie, loading times and FPS are EXACTLY the same before & after the texture change). As a result, the playerbase has dropped massively (frpm 20 on our server on average down to 4)Images of the game do not accurately reflect it either. Playing on HIGH settings, my game looks about 1/10th as good as the images above. Those images were done with Nvidia Ansel, or heavily edited, and should be labeled as such.The combat and rolling you see in the video, no, your character rubber bands around when rolling, and melee simply doesn't work properly to be viable. Either use magic, or get stuck inside enemy hitboxes and have your melee hits not register 50% or more of the time.If you think you are getting a beautiful game, with beautiful building pieces, you will be disappointed. The company has falsely advertised its initial building textures (they even held a building content to further promote their building stuff), then right after it they downgraded the textures about 100x.Stone tier looks like this:https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/866235281707730134/F91E0BDCC94E34CA16528AE16DCA7A782BE010E4/Wood tier looks like this:https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/866235281707801739/F25ADB151D0DE3B06F47E56FA1E16F1AC0D9DA69/I will edit in more info on the rest of the game down the road, but until this primary issue is addressed, the game gets a hard no. Everything else is irrelevant, as building is 90% of your long-term gameplay in sandbox games, and it is impossible to enjoy when it looks THIS BAD."
76561198178829133,Recommended,529180,33882411,Posted: 29 July,all,Flying Turtle,150 hours... worth it ? YES
76561197990864228,Recommended,529180,33803990,Posted: 26 July,all,Salvion,ITs a good game in the making . it  like ark but diffrent  if you wanna pick this up let me know i wanna play in a group
,Recommended,529180,33711871,Posted: 21 July,all,SquidNeko,Awesome game and dev that seem to listen.This game is very promising.Its early access development though. So people need to expect bugs and gamebreaking stuff.
76561198051439445,Recommended,529180,33699963,Posted: 21 July,all,[BOO]Wolk007,"I only have 4 hours at the moment but I love the game! There are two things that really bother me is the father rate on official servers is so slow that it's tedious and irritating cause you don't when something is broken or if you just need to keep whacking at it. The other issue is it takes 10mins to load onto a server but it's EA all multiplayer survival games had to go through this phase and I know the devs will fix this in time! Yes there's not a ton of content but in 4 hours I've only touched the start zone level in up and getting my skills. Currently level 7 and have so much to explore still. I've joined with other players in a ""House"" and it's really fun to go around killing mythical creatures and working toward building a fortress of our own somewhere. I really love how the devs implemented npcs to buy and sell goods to, I look forward to how they improve upon what they've started! My favorite thing to do right now is just shooting fireballs out of my hand and watching creatures burn! All in all I give 9/10 for EA and having a lot more content than a lot of games had at release and I havent had any crash issues! I'll update this review when I've explored the entire game!"
,Recommended,529180,33698435,Posted: 21 July,all,Dave,"Talking about lack of content after playing this game for 30 minutes is strange. I didnt finish the tutorial in this time....Played a few hours now. Looks like ark, mechanics from life is feudal and reign of kings. NPC cities, gold to work and gather for, stuff to buy from it. Graphics are fine, like ark. Also it runs like the current ark built FPS-wise. This means i have no clue why people do have so many problems with gamecrashes. Works perfectly fine for me and my PC is not highend at all.Can't realy complain about bugs. One missions stuck in the beginning but in the end i was able to finish it anyway by killing a griffin (always kill griffins). Except that no major glitches or bugs i have faced now. Didnt fell through the ground, no teleports, no serverlaggs and no fps drops. Only thing that bothers me a little is the loading screen when you load the game for the first time. That takes some optimization. Afterwards it's fine."
76561198001239341,Recommended,529180,33700405,Posted: 21 July,all,Fitz,"So here's my review. People should rember this is a EA game so keep that in mind before you buy. The game is kind of like ARK but not that same, I think its going to be way better then ARK but it's EA so has some work to be done before all the bugs are fixed. So far I've hadnt had too many bugs to deal with theres a bit of a learning curve since there not much help but posting on the steam forms to get some help. I'm not playing on any severs yet wanted to wait till they get some of the bugs out of the way before I really get going. I'm playing single player, Just FYI to people when you 1st start the game the load time is very long. For me its anywhere from 2 to 5 mins. I'm sure this will be fixed sometime. The game looks awesome. I really only wanted to put this review down since some many people give it a Neg but it shoudlnt have one."
,Not Recommended,529180,34312201,Posted: 17 August,all,123,"Loaded for the entire playtime I have with not being able to enter the multiplayer servers.Played singleplayer for 5 minutes, worked good.Didn't buy it for singleplayer however, asked steam for a refund but their 2 hour max playtime policy didn't allow me to get a refund, which is absolute trash considering I have only just loaded for the entire 4 hours playtime I have.It's not exactly steams refund policy that's the problem here, but with a game that takes 20-30 mins to load and then you get disconnected each and every time entering the server?I'm hardly going to try at the most 3 - 4 times.. Of course I will try more..At it's current state, I can NOT recommend buying this game.The Dark and Light support team also gave me a hastey reply onto the fact they are not in the business of refunding, please contact steam. Bad support, bad servers, bad optimization.Will update if I ever manage to get into the servers.-EDITManaged to get into the servers.Absolute trash optimization for a Titan X 12GB GPUUninstalled. will reinstall in the future and update."
76561198061886738,Recommended,529180,33693295,Posted: 21 July,all,GreyDawn,"Yes, alot of this game is very spot on to ark but the deeper you get into it, the more interesting it gets. It goes beyond simply ARK"
,Recommended,529180,33690212,Posted: 21 July,all,123,"I understand the negative reviews and the reasons behind them, but from what ive experienced so far, it was horrible at launch, a low amount of official servers and very laggy and chuncky, but when I moved to an unofficial server with about 50 players on it, I became in love with the game, I could run it at epic with 65 fps and not have any lag spikes. So I recommend this game to who ever wants to have fun in a fantasy based world revolved around magic and creatures. And I understand that everyone is saying that this game is a copy of ark, but no one would be mad if this was a dlc for ark, scorched earth is $20 and this game only being $5 more seems to be worth it in my opinion, it brings more varioty than scorched earth and for everyone who is saying that it is a clone of ark, just think of it as a DLC of ark changing many aspects of the game"
,Not Recommended,529180,34336239,Posted: 18 August,all,Murica,"This went from being the most fun I'd had since Ultima Online to the most depressing trash I've ever played in the course of a week. It's current state is what you would get if you smashed pre alpha World of Warcraft(but with only one island and also very bad) and a launch day copy of ARK together. This however isn't why I'm giving it a bad review.A ""touchy"" game state is honestly expected with Dark and Light being only 3 weeks into green light. I'm giving it a bad review because every single patch they've produced not only ignored the bugs but made any activity that was working and enjoyable no longer possible. All spells now have a max range of 20 feet because people were having trouble griefing mages with flying mounts and dropping them into the ocean. God forbid anyone be able to fight back or a mage standing on top of his tower be able to hit the ground from 20 feet up. You can glitch through walls and smash people's bases from outside, the response to this was to make anything made of stone or higher nearly impossible to damage.Ruining what little actually works in this game instead of dealing with the problems causing them is not going to fly.2/10 unless they turn a corner in their approach, in 20 years of gaming this is the fastest I've ever seen a dev team trash their game into the ground. 3 weeks is the new high score. GG snail.:Update: They fixed the next patch and now have it out. They took a break from destroying players abilities in combat to make the textures worse and give buildings (literally) millions of damage proof hp instead....sooo took a break from destroying players to destroy everything else. good job snail? Maybe now the naked miner meta will replace the glory of clan on clan comba and the era of node griefing will suffice as end game content? I for one can't wait to spend hours every day trying to blow up a 2x2 platform that's blocking my iron deposites instead of spending 2 hours a week powering my base shield.... What better way to spend a lazy afternoon than tearing through literally ten thousand fireball II spells?:Update: hate away at my review for being right but it's already started pouring in on the forums. Any single player that wants to grief an entire server full of people has only to build a 2x2 foundation to block resource spawns. They are also ""boxing in"" dragon spawns and anything else of value as boredom allows. Enjoy pve griefing online kids o/This is exactly the point I was trying to make about what the devs keep doing with this game and why it has a negative review from me. I love what this game could be but it's not looking like it's going to make it very far with stupid patches like this. Even if they do get around to putting in/back in ""siege"" equipment/tames and buff the spells that no longer do any notable damage no one is going to spend their entire day crafting just to go blow up stone foundations some jack off spent a whopping 5 mins to make and drop on top of spawns. All of this is happening now because 5% or so of the players didn't bother playing long enough to put up a base shield, and got their worthless thatch door kicked in by another player, instead of the face eating/thatch melting mobs that would eventually wander by instead. It's madness and it's not going to stop any time soon. Every patch has been like this. 100% of the time isn't a fluke.All of this coming from me is just out of honesty and not because I just so loved to go kick in thatch noob huts. My pos hut from 2 weeks ago when I first started was still sitting there before the 72 hour patch. No One Wants Your Grass Clippings!I don't even pvp ffs I just happen to of played games before and can see cause and effect of game wrecking dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥and how it will play out. This is exactly why I was playing on a pvp server in the first place! To avoid this very thing!"
76561197968997668,Recommended,529180,34111457,Posted: 8 August,all,Solid Blue,"My brief review concerning performance on my rig (Single Player)I have been lucky i guess as performance has improved very well for me after the recent updates , i am currently averaging 35-45 Fps on all Epic max settings on single player , i have not yet given online a go as it seams it still needs some work.i will update my review later onmy specs of intrestWindows 10 (64 bit)Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4770K CPU @ 4.20GHzNVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080Primary Display Resolution:  2560 x 1440RAM:  16327 Mb"
,Recommended,529180,33694128,Posted: 21 July,all,Blank Treviz,"I'm very happy with the game, I think people shouldnt listen to the negative reviews (they are probably the same people that were complaining about the game even before it was out), u can buy it and try it for 1hour if u dont like it you can always ask for a full refund (under 2hours of gameplay).Lets talk about the Ark SE comparison, they are made by the same company ofc they are similar, now if u are like me and loved ark but felt like somehting is missing (safe zones, npc, magic  and other MMORPG  elements]) u will absolutly adore this game.Theres not much to be said :), try it out u can always refund it if u dont like it.The leveling is a bit slow, but the tutorial is great.Graphics are excelent, 8GB GDDRM (60+ FPS at all times on Epic).Music is from the original Black and Light, is accetable to me."
,Recommended,529180,33685995,Posted: 20 July,all,MIKE,"Honestly, most of these negative reviews are rage-typed on hour 2-3 of the release day. I would encourage that you read this review, that was well thought out, and had some good reason behind it. Here are my current thoughts / hopes about the game. (Oh, and yes, before buying this game know that it is early access, and may not run on your average PC, even if you rage about it in a review. I for one doubted the fact this game would even run on my PC, but it did and I am glad it did. Now, onto the game.)There are a lot of things taken from ark, it was made by a company that owns Wildcard, to my understanding. I'm perfectly fine with it, but I hope it branches out a little from it's ""parent game"". I want optimization to be taken seriously in this game, and I hope the dev's are willing to take feedback from the community, but actually listen to it unlike many other games.There are 3 factions, as I call them, the humans, the dwarves, and the elves. In those factions you can have houses (AKA guilds or groups for you and your friends). The towns for each faction are very well designed.The game does have taming, it also has exploration, crafting, leveling, skills, magic, and of course, PvP. Though, many people are complaining about the fact there are no PvE servers, and I do not know what happened behind the scenes to stop it from releasing day one, but I am enjoying the game on my own in singleplayerI truely believe the dev's will willingly take feedback from their players, ignore the day one, week one, or even month one hate and press on into developement. I've waited a long time for this early access, and I can't wait to find out more as I play it. I hope the developers do not prove me wrong. Thank you."
,Recommended,529180,33777695,Posted: 24 July,all,Kraft Lawrence,8hours in and i must say ive only seen like 3 bugs or so. Mostly with looting but it has a big beautiful world to explore and it plays alot like Rust and Ark more so like Ark from what others have said but unlike Ark i actually stuck around past the 2hr mark. I look forward to playing this game lots. It's still a little early to say if its the next big thing but i'd recommend this to anyone who likes ark or anything like that and doesnt mind a few bug and lag.
,Not Recommended,529180,34690582,Posted: 2 September,all,LurchUSA,"While looking good, this game has ALL the bugs of ARK plus a whole host of new ones. Tame creaturs disappearing, inventory being wiped, crashing to desktop and disconnections from the server. Not to mention the Chinese hackers reeking having on the official servers.This is just an overpriced total conversion of ARK, with a whole range of new bugs/frustrations for you to enjoy!Snail games ARE SCAMMERS! NEVER buy games from them!"
,Recommended,529180,33700946,Posted: 21 July,all,Sauce,"IGNORE THE BAD REVIEWS! Well, most of them. People don't understand launch days or games are challenging sometimes. Seems like a lot of people couldn't cut the early levels and died a lot and gave up. But the challenge makes completing tasks worth the reward. It's a beautiful game, unlike ark you enjoy exploring and finding things. The world feels so very alive. It's a game that solo would probably be boring, but working with a guild is awesome! There was some bad lag day one, which is to be expected. It's since been fixed for the most part, I rarely see lag."
76561198090738648,Not Recommended,529180,34181620,Posted: 11 August,all,immaBAMF272,"If you like ark, then youll like this game. VERY early access. If youre on the fence about this game, give it a few months....like wait till the new year to buy it. A lot of bugs, fatal crashes, rediculous issues that shouldve been fixed by now. They shouldve polished this quite a bit more before releasing it. Its not ready.TLDR: Wait till Jan2018, to buy too many bugs."
,Not Recommended,529180,33843571,Posted: 27 July,all,thief | DS3: Fencer,"I'll most likely play this game again when it's finished, but right now (at least to me) it's unplayable. Loading into a single player world took 13 minutes, and after about an hour of play, the game was taking up a whopping 8 gigs of RAM.It does have a lot of pretty stuff going for it, even though the combat's really basic and horrid. It would be fun to play with a friend for sure! But until it's fixed/optimized, it's not worth trying. I'd wait a few months at the very least. Maybe a year."
76561198089556786,Recommended,529180,33777493,Posted: 24 July,all,Luke,"First day was rough for this game. Love it though... It is not an mmo, it is ark but with a fantasy skin. It has more though and I actually like it better than Ark. It has NPC's and towns that I think make the game really cool to explore and play. I am still learning the mechanics but am excited for where I think this game could go!"
76561198057869849,Not Recommended,529180,34735672,Posted: 4 September,all,Bee,"I Can't say this is a game you should invest your time in right now this cluster ♥♥♥♥ is a complete waste of time at the moment it's layout is messed up, it has more bugs than a bethesda game, the loading time take a billion years so if you happen to randomly log out like the game loves to do there's no hope of saving yourself, just take this game with a pinch of salt or you'll be up to your eye balls with your own salt."
76561198021381296,Not Recommended,529180,34745929,Posted: 4 September,all,rscurzio,"I know that this is an early game... but everytime It takes soo long to login, and when I was finally playing, the game crashed after 10 minutes.Considering that I can't play the game, I won't be able to help you with the development, and thus I am asking for reimbursment."
76561198004894439,Not Recommended,529180,34758370,Posted: 5 September,all,Eldar,"Dark and light....To like or not to like. Well it is very mixed.When it is playable which sadly seems to be less and less it is the most enjoyable thingThe graphics is fantastic, the animations allright, the nature is sort of epic and I find myself enjoying being in the world just looking around the terrain. Always finding new places that I want to move my house. So many choices so little time.But I still find myself not recommending the game. Throughout the production of Dark and Light Snail games have been less than forthcomming with information. Guarding their game a little better than the Pentagon in US.And even if they now have a reasonably large community to deal with in their EA. They have not changed their policy of crowd management.Patches are here and now, same goes for bug fixes and new content. In a game where you often have to undertake tasks that take several hours, you are most often only given 20 minutes notice to logout when they want to patchAnd curiously weekends seem to be when they want to update. Which is also when most of us have time to dedicate to gaming and maybe looking forward to a nice fun long game session. Bang your gaming session turns into a nightmare of updates that don't work, rolling the server back to some point that you will be forced to sit and instant login once your server comes up to avoid dying and loosing mount and gear that propably took you days if not weeks to acquire and train.So far content has been added twice, or large amounts. And both times they have failed horribly and the community has suffered for it.I find myself writing this review today. I sat down this morning to play and was going to have a nice long gaming day. Suddenly pop up, 2 hours maintenance and it has been like 10 hours since that happened and the server has been online for the last 7 of those. but noone can join it due to whatever they did to it during maintenance.And yes we tried other servers no problem.And absolutely no communication from Snail games. And that is despite since sunday a very large patch was rolled out with new content. That failed horribly, they rolled back and no communication about it so as it stands they are still advertising the game as having the added content and seem to be bug fixing but they are not talking to the community at all. So when/if our server will be playable is unknown to us.Anyways it turned into a rant. But maybe that is for the better because it illustrates why I cannot recommend a game that when it works is kind of fantastic. The company behind it just manage it and us, the consumers horribly. Even if we all are prepared for the EA bugs and changes. But noone is telling us anything so we have to find out the hard way each time."
,Recommended,529180,33828853,Posted: 27 July,all,shinigami8671,"Most of the negative reviews here have two recurring themes:1: Unoptimized2: Copy of arkTo answer them:Its a ♥♥♥♥ing alpha you dumb mfers. Wtf do you expect? EARLY ACCESS! Not the final release. Absolute morons.Yes it is unoptimized. Im getting anywhere between 50 to 70fps on 1080p at high settings with a 1080ti. And I'm okay with that. Because it will get better.The studio behind this OWNS the studio thats making ARK. And even if it does take some elements from it, so what? why is that a bad thing? Its a great game.Now,Whats new, and most importantly,Different in this game?Imagine if skyrim, ark, and world of warcraft had a baby. This would be it.You spawn in a town of your choosing (3 playable factions as of now), and have a tutorial in the shape of a quest line like most MMO's.That gets you ready for the game and you should do it.After that you can go out, start farming, building your own base.And this game has done something thats not easy to do, which is that it made farming FUN!Its not a total chore and you can do it a few different ways.The GoodMelee weapons have 2 different attacks and higher lvl weapons are epic.Structures look amazing once you reach woodwork (2nd tier) and higher.Taming is fun and not easy, cant just kite or get animals stuck (easily) like in ARK.Unforgiving. Most of the♥♥♥♥♥♥will rip you a new♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I like it. They didnt hold back on it. So unlike in ARK, you wont get bored of doing the same old things. LOTs ofreplaybality.HUGE world. And this is only about 15-20% of it I think.The BadBugs, Bugs and more Bugs. You will die because of some really stupid things but they should be fixed in the next few patches.Doesnt look as good as Ark (since most compare it to it)EDIT: I was playing on high settings and turning it up to Ultra (or whatever the highest settings are cslled) after the optimization patch, and I was blown away. It looks amazing. You can look at the recent screenshots in my profile to get a better idea. Looks worlds apart from before.A few ingame mechanics that I dont like. Especially that PvP is turned on in the towns. Got killed by a little lvl 11 ♥♥♥♥♥ when i went to take a♥♥♥♥♥♥ I was lvl 22 Btw.To summarize:Its a great game which is really fun to play alone or with friends, lots of content and things that will keep you busy. Nice big world, good mechanics overall and just a solid platform.But it does needs improvement. Dont go in expecting to get no bugs and other issues. But like I said, its an Early Access title. if you cant handle it, wait.Worth every penny.10/10 would get run over by treeant's again."
76561198097873141,Not Recommended,529180,34728395,Posted: 3 September,all,millerrobby,Garbage Garbage Garbage... I really enjoyed this game untill I realized that the bugs and crashes are so bad that it will feel as if the developers are trying to troll you.  You will get stuck inside Mobs and they will kill you and your high level pets while you are unable to attack.  And that will happen if you are lucky enough to even be able to log in without your character file getting corrupted.  I understand it's early access but it should be labeled no access because they need to work on every possible stability issue before trying to upgrade content.  The last 4 patches have been rolled back as soon as they were released because it broke the game completly.  For those that logged in before the rollback well good luck start over your files are jacked up forever.  okay now for the bad news... they updated the weather system which mean in the same spot you will freeze to death and 10 min later burn to death.  They also tried to tweak half the mobs in the game and broke them to where they just kill you outright unless you manage to get them stuck inside a rock so you can shoot arrows at them untill they die.  The tamed mobs will glitch out and be tired all the time with only a forced way to recover by feeding them 2000 flowers... you won't be able to jump off half of them because you get stuck in them as well... if you like falling through the world well this games perfect for you.  Last but not least  the building system blows goats and you can't build a structure if any part of it touches the regular landscape.  Do yourself a favor and try other game for at least 3 years because it will take them that long to fix all these issues I'm sure of it.
,Not Recommended,529180,33683457,Posted: 20 July,all,Combine,"Even for a Early Access game this is not ready to be released to the general public, I believe the trigger was pulled because they have direct competition coming out soon. Unforunatetly the game runs about as bad as ARK did when it launched but doesnt have the benefit of 2 years of optimization and I honestly expected more.If you have an amazing computer it will look nice and run okayOtherwise poorly optimized and you have to make the game look awful to get it to run well for the everyday gamer. creatures don't die consistantly or as quick as you'd expect, Some quests are unable to be completed or started that are vital to starting out in the game. 70 servers players is hardly Massively Multiplayer in my book."
76561198024309350,Not Recommended,529180,34740443,Posted: 4 September,all,Smokahontas,Stop counting money and patch your game!
76561198253465892,Recommended,529180,34369004,Posted: 20 August,all,mpunt69,"Have to do lots of farming nearly all the time to get anywhere, but saying that it's a good game, but hard."
,Recommended,529180,34329081,Posted: 18 August,all,Genky,"The game is currently a broken mess.Why am I giving it a Recommend?Because the game is actually incredibly fun at its core and with a lot work could be an incredibly fun game.It currently has massive hit detection desync that pretty much contributes to almost every major issue in the game, because that 1 problem alone causes: melee combat, mount combat, gathering, mount riding, building, crafting and more to be very dysfunctional, most of these things would mostly be fixed by just fixing that 1 problem (including rubberbanding).And even with those game breaking issues it's surprisingly fun, hence my statement saying that the game could be super fun if they fixed the biggest bugs riddling the game at the moment.So my call to the devs:I love the game, you did a great job with the graphical art and ideas/concepts.Now please focus on fixing the hit detection issue before anything (I don't even care for any more content or whatever at this point with the hit detection issue).Now I'm just gonna patiently keep my eye on this for the next 6 months to see where things go."
,Recommended,529180,34131549,Posted: 9 August,all,Anev,"Loving the game.  Like ARK, it has started off rough with bugs and issues.  But you get so sucked into the world that many of these issues, frustrating yes, simply get ignored as you venture forth.  I started on a public server but moved to a private server with friends.  The ""English"" language bashing crowd was simply intolerable and I couldn't even begin to play on public servers.  Apparently our problems in America have spilled forth into our fun gaming lives.  Personally, ignore the bashing and venture forth in other servers either public or private.  Play single player if you must.The game is stunning, it leaves you engaged and craving to make it over the next rise....  Some of the mechanics are fun and a large step up from ARK.  Just having a starting zone for safety and some quests to get you moving along made a huge difference.  Be prepared for bugs, that you'll loose items, pets and more at times.  Enjoy yourself and just like seeing a new movie ... ignore the reviews and just go enjoy."
76561198025633477,Recommended,529180,34226104,Posted: 13 August,all,Sinnaps,"Well worth the price, though I got it on sale. Hitting 50 hours and I am literally barely scratching the surface of the game. While many people in Citadel are complaining about the lack of content fairly early on (20-40 hours in), DNL has so much to offer for many hours beyond and then some. Take this from the perspective that I am playing PVE coop on a private server. I gather things are rough on the Officials. That being said the devs are patching several times a week and are clearly making improvments. I can easily find my server every time as apposed to Citadel where we found our server twice in four days out of many attempts. Optimization needs some love as does the initial loading times. The fact that that there is no first person is just stupid imho especially considering pretty much every game in this genre either offer both 1st and 3rd or at least just 1st. I really hope this is addressed and changed, as much of the community is highly disheartened by its absence.From the vantage point of a player who has played pretty much every survival game, this one brings many new concepts to the table such as NPCs, towns, markets, and some preliminary quests, as well as mimicking some of the more favored elements of existing games like ARK, Conan Exiles and Empyrion. If games like that are not your flavor, than this one probably won't be either, but again I find even more to enjoy here especially from a coop, PVE perspective. Looking forward to doing the PVP thing down the road.PS. Unless someone has at least a few hours into the game I would seriously suggest taking their review with a grain of salt: Like most survival games the fun and payoffs do not start adding up until the very basics are out of the way, though imho it is one of the more challenging times of the game, but many just buckle and quit, then downplay the game without ever experiencing much or most of what it has to offer. All too common with new survival games."
,Recommended,529180,34191819,Posted: 12 August,all,EternalGamer786,"This is a cool game, I am enjoying it so far."
76561198345394900,Recommended,529180,33882056,Posted: 29 July,all,Samus,"Its a great game, very fun. I have yet to find a dungeon/cave but there is a great deal of gameplay that is fun and fullfilling. Even in its current state. The bugs and things that accompany early access titles can be annoying but also humorous. It also does a good job of making you want to progress and giving you goals late game. Also is difficult and you will die, a lot.The magic/mage element of the game is broken. My friends and I have quit playing until they change the durability of spells or scale magic damage with better items/higher level."
76561198023439890,Recommended,529180,34257901,Posted: 15 August,all,FreeKekistan,"Dark & Light is worth the buy. Using the same game engine as Ark-survival, L&D is it's own game. Give it a go with an open mind, you'll love it."
,Recommended,529180,34256014,Posted: 15 August,all,ignissus,"This is the very best fantasy survival game I have ever played. Granted, there are some bugs in it, as I am playing it early access at about 3 weeks into launch. I was very discouraged at first for the first week and a half because of very low framerate on even my i7 6700k processor with 3.4 Ghz and 16 GB of RAM. I also am using a GTX 1080, so when I saw the low framerates, I saw that this was a real problem. My internet speed is 140 mbps so I was frustrated. The first patch cam at around 3 weeks in and it was great, There are still some bugs in official servers, so I decided to start my own dedicated server. When I did this, my game was like a perfect game pretty much. 60 fps almost all of the time on epic everything, 1440p display. IT IS AMAZING. This beats ARK by far (although it is a completely different genre).My only critique at this point would be that the steam achievement system is fouled up and doesnt register for me in official or private. The crafting, however, is delightful and I love the UI and wouldnt mod it at all for anything. The mechanics of the game are perfect and I could not ask for anything better. Here is a video I made of a basic review and initial instruction.https://youtu.be/cls1agFWc9Y"
76561198083042699,Recommended,529180,34335088,Posted: 18 August,all,Ascari,"Fun, different and only going to get better!"
,Recommended,529180,33844207,Posted: 27 July,all,ElliotNoir,"One of the better EA games that gets better w every patch. If you squint , it almost feels whole at times. This is a nice ""30%"" completion if that's true."
,Recommended,529180,34296561,Posted: 16 August,all,NinjaPirate,Picture ARK in a fantasy setting instead of a cave man setting. Awesome game!
,Recommended,529180,33825377,Posted: 26 July,all,Kyero,"I have played the game for just about 8 hours, give or take, at the time of this review.I love the game as well as its potential, and I don't understand all the hate it's getting from others who have barely even played for 10 minutes. If your computer runs it with serious lag and bad fps, it's not the game, it's your system. Either upgrade, or settle for playing the game with minimal settings and enjoy the experience for what it is while it's in Early Acess. I run the game on a GTX 1080 at a solid 65 fps with zero lag issues whatsoever, so there's no excuse for anyone with a comparable graphics card to be having those issues unless some other part of their system doesn't measure up to the game's recommended specs.That out of the way, I love the game. Period.It has a wonderful atmosphere, solid graphics for an Early Access game, good movement scheme, solid level up and branched skill tree paths you can take and focus on at any time based on how you want to play, and more.There are some definite issues, I won't lie. Chief among them for me personally at the moment is the lack of creature balancing in terms of stats and levels. My level 109 wolf basically had the same stats as a level 5 wild wolf, and was killed by one in less than 30 seconds because I left it in ""docile"" mode. Those levels need to mean something, or else there's no point taming anything because any random Panther, Skeleton, or Reaper spawn will insta-kill them even if those enemies are at level 1.Other than that and the occasional moment where I felt the beginning/tutorial quests could have been a bit more interesting, the game is very solid for me and I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys casual adventure RPG's. I haven't done the multiplayer yet since I don't like multiplayer, and have stuck to single player mode. But I will give the multiplayer a shot and see how things go. I've heard some horror stories already, so I'm wary about it. But that's the online world for you. Griefers, spawn killers, and overall mouth breathers galore are all over the net. We just have to deal with it."
76561198211953496,Recommended,529180,34457563,Posted: 24 August,all,Molan,Im just going straight to the point.  Im around 220+ hours in to Dark and Light.. Let me just say this game WILL surpass ARK eventually.  This game has me hooked and completely in a trance.  Not only does it have the awesome features ARK offers but once they DEVS offer a Dev Kit for mods its going to TAKE OFF!   Is there lag?  Yes.  Is there FPS drops?  Yes.  Is this common with most ALPHA games?  Yes!  Has it had a better launch than ARK did?  YES!   This game is amazing and needs more amazing players to full its future.  Come jump in!  Tame a DRAGON!  HAVE SOME FUN!
76561197968760750,Recommended,529180,33819591,Posted: 26 July,all,Gorak,"Going to start with a preface. This game is NOT Ark, but slightly comparable. It also can't be compared to Citadel: Forged with Fire that well. It DOES have some Ark elements, but with my experience with Ark isn't a great one. However I really love this game. It felt very new player friendly. It teaches you how to survive, and the progression is very rewarding. There are some hiccups but the game is still new and in Early Access. The thing I love most about the game is that it amazing to explore. There are new ""biomes"" frequently, and there are epic thing to see in the game. It doesn't just feel like resource nodes and crafting are what makes up this world. There are cities, and ruins, and all sorts of life to the world beyond where I currently am in the game. It's good. If you like survival games and fantasy, it's worth a shot."
76561198288813606,Recommended,529180,33822259,Posted: 26 July,all,cbeach1148,"Great game, I like the quests with the building of your own homes. Some of the quests need fixing and I'd love to be able to go first person. For a early access game it is loads of fun."
,Recommended,529180,33825175,Posted: 26 July,all,Astro,I love this game <3
76561198317788954,Recommended,529180,34466812,Posted: 24 August,all,Mind Of Madness,"I very much like the direction the game is going and my only real hope\request is they continue with the whole questing thing.I would really like old vanilla and BC style quests. Give me a reason to farm 5000 wood for more than a few walls that are gonna get wrecked anyways if there's a faction war... It will also give factions a reason to work together instead of raiding each other.Still newish to the game but as of now it feels like and Ark Skyrim love child, just needs more questing and I'll be hooked.  i.e...  Long drawn out quests that have me going all over the map figuring out where the next breadcrumb leads."
76561198059479711,Recommended,529180,34482734,Posted: 25 August,all,Almerel,It has it's issues but I am loving this game. I had more issues when Ark came out than I do now. I managed 1400 hours in Ark and a good portion of that early on when it was tough to get 20fps without all the launch codes. DnL exceeds what I experienced in Ark.
76561198025792900,Recommended,529180,34113808,Posted: 8 August,all,zombiekllr,"Bought it on a whim and what a surprise. The price is a bit steep for an incomplete game, however I've had fun so I can't complain too much.First things first, my first impression is this game has the ""potential"" to be a great game. I have put in about 10 hours or so into this game and am waiting for my friends to get out of work so they can join me. A few complaints about the game, since the company says the game is in alpha and will be reading the reviews and taking them into consideration.As the company states, the overall feel of the game will remain the same and I agree that it should. I have had hours of fun and plan to have more. That being said, playing alone can be a bit difficult. I am currently a mage and am working up my mana and focus. My friend is working on a melee combatant and has invested in a tank class. It is therefore surprising that he can craft better spells than me (I accidentally recreated my character and had to start over). I am focusing solely on magic and am a bit peeved, just like a review previous to mine, that the spells break, I run out of focus and mana as well. I have opted to create multiple spells at a time, however an auto spell reload would be helpful. I currently have to go to inventory and load the next spell. This is hopefully an easy fix.Now as a mage, my method of attack should be medium to long range. It is a bit difficult to peg an enemy from some distance when my spell goes flying past a moving target. when my friends agro a beast and I try to support them, I have to work an insane calculation and lead quite a bit. This doesn't work most of the time. Arrows are a bit faster than spells so they don't suffer too much. The spells move a bit slower and I stop moving when casting. So I have to kill an enemy while it beelines to me. If it reaches me first I do a mixture of run away and shoot or I die. A self defense spell or decoy could help here.As I mentioned before, I am working towards a mage class. There are multiple trees to unlock and that is impressive and entertaining, but I wish my friend couldn't unlock my perks unless he was planning to instead of unlocking them just by harvesting. A bit of separation could add a bit of uniqueness to the characters, other than the look of the actual character. I want my character to be completely mine, not interchangeable with any other level 15 player. I like I have to work towards specific perks, but at one point by sapping a tree, I was unlocking 6 perks. I would definitely grind and struggle any way I could to get to cast higher level spells in a certain tree. Right now I have to wait to level up to a certain level before I can even begin to work on other spells. Even if I have to pay a higher resource tax to unlock it, I would be willing to play for hours to achieve it, even a level earlier.Now the reason I would love to cast higher level spells is to defend myself from reapers who keep spawning on my base. I get that I should probably move, however I am a dwarf and I am at the bottom of the town. Reapers, skeletons and goddamn griffons keep running my place down. Skeletons are one thing, they are slow and easily defeated over time. The reapers and griffons however are faster than I am, so I cannot simply run and shoot. I have to run. If I turn, a level 8 reaper will shread me to pieces before I can cast and a griffon will already be circling around for its second attack at me. There isn't much defence against these and a stealth spell would work wonders here.A quick select or hot key for switching spells would be nice.I can only give my point of view for the mage class as I am not a melee fighter. The class system itself could use some work and I would probably pay an extra 20 bucks to have real classes to choose from like rogue, warrior, mage, thief and so on, or something like skyrim with multiple trees. Unlocking the skills with what you collect is worthwhile and I enjoy it quite a bit, if only it were a bit less overlapped. I enjoy the map overall; it is huge. the terrain is sometimes difficult to traverse but I enjoy the biomes.Last two things. I don't get the staffs. Both the first and second staff seem to have the same damage according to the stats on the staffs. What is the differense? Also thank you for including the goblins. I hate them to death and kill them on sight. They are terrific at making me hate them and are a wonderful, putrid addition to the game.I hope you keep making this an enjoyable game and look forward to seeing the finished product."
76561198080838869,Recommended,529180,33814918,Posted: 26 July,all,Perfectflaw,"So far, considering its early access the game is astounding and is actually quite fun."
76561197999016114,Recommended,529180,33813859,Posted: 26 July,all,Thub42,"This game is EARLY ACCESS, so expect things not to be perfect, but the Dev team appear to be on the ball with their updates, as they fix things quickly.Now that that's out of the way.While this game may at first glance look like an Ark clone it really isn't. The fact that I have spent far longer playing so than I expected to has made me a fan. That's not bad considering they have stated that the game is only currently 30% completed. This game has so much potential and I feel that the Fantasy genre has been waiting for a game like this (I know I have).There are similarities to Ark but I'm putting that down to a being good place to kick start a new game. If I had an existing sound library to use instead of having to make new sounds for doors etc I definitely would use them, for me it means the Devs can spent their time on things that matter such as new skill paths & gameplay.I like their informal tutorial in the way of having tasks set for you (again it's early access and some things aren't 100% just yet). and I really like the skill progression, instead of spending points on things you can make, it's all about what you do in game to progress specific knowledge paths. (Making wooden structures to progress with wooden structures - pretty simple but its a different approach to Ark's ingram points)The scenery is wonderful. It takes me fully into a Fantasy setting. There are some amazing views and the Capital Cities are great to wander around. The addition of the City population, complete with vendors, is a nice touch.I like the new creatures, and really hope that they don't feel the need to add many more to the game.I'm hoping that a type of character class will emerge by following specific skill paths and that the characters may turn out to have specialisations instead of being able to do everything.I like the game as it stands, and I hope that with additional content it becomes even better. I don't believe that it deserves the initial negative reviews from people that either don't understand what Early access means or can't see beyond a similarlarity to another game."
76561198012306419,Recommended,529180,33814999,Posted: 26 July,all,Applerust,"As an Ark player with over 1200 hours played. I can say that this already plays a bit better than Ark did when it first came out. With the same devs as Ark heading it up, we can bet on this being a very high quality product. For now, it's a bit buggy but that was to be expected for an early release game.I like the level progression and the magic is really neat so far too."
76561198005292807,Recommended,529180,33821855,Posted: 26 July,all,Rashada,Definitely a work in progress but thematically something I've been looking for in a game for a long time.  I love the artistic style and the direction of the game.  Thanks and I look forward to watching the game progress from here.
76561198125951397,Recommended,529180,33817781,Posted: 26 July,all,TightRedSpandeX,"So far I am  9 hrs into the game and I must say for an early access game it is very addictive, it adds alot of new elements  basically from the trailer what you see is what you get and more, being an early access game It does have few bugs and not as optimised but I am sure it will be when its done so from what I have experienced I think its great and  highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,529180,34363368,Posted: 19 August,all,Maximilian,"This game needs a lotttt more work before it even hits early access.I think the games a great concept and I like the features the developers want to put inI think they've aimed too high so most of the stuff they have in or want to put in is poorly done.The AI is abysmal, the optimization horrible, UI is clunky, terrain meshes are garbage. It's a great concept with poor execution."
,Recommended,529180,34469039,Posted: 24 August,all,Galgdocka,This is for sure a Early Access game with lots of annoying bugs and lack of optimizations. Still im hooked and each patch makes this game more and more enjoyable.
76561198067770280,Recommended,529180,34668900,Posted: 1 September,all,Plinghob,"So I've got a few hours in to DnL now and hit level 51. The games pretty choppy and the hit boxes and clipping are pretty weird. Lots of lag spikes, rendering issues and pop ins. Tonnes of bugs still and a lot of griefers but the game is pretty fun still. Snail seems to be pushing pretty good to fix everything and listen to the community so thats promising. Anyways the game is in no way perfect right now but I'd still recommend giving it a go especially if you have a group of friends to play with."
,Recommended,529180,34006135,Posted: 3 August,all,Zoint,System requirements are way too high. I attribute this to poor programming. No reason to load 10gigs into memory on startup... Otherwise game looks pretty awesome but make sure you have a beefy enough machine to run it...
,Not Recommended,529180,34609506,Posted: 30 August,all,Ava,"This started as a great game, I had really good hopes for.. It had really nice textures, nice pvp and not so long taming times compared to other survival games.For some reason, during the last updates, the devs downgraded the textures into something really awful, stone, thatch and wood buildings look just horribile.On top of that, because of people (probably kids) whining that they were getting raided (when you have all the possibility of putting up defenses) the devs increased the structures' HP to millions (literally), making it totally impossible to raid and killing the PVP.They made taming harder, despite the community asking for faster and easier taming.And the last patch just broke all the resurrection stones you could store your animals on, killing hours of work for a lot of people..It might be a good game, in the future.. I would say it's not really worth your time now."
76561197992320157,Not Recommended,529180,34611079,Posted: 30 August,all,Lord Quas,"This game was fun until the devs ruined it with there ♥♥♥♥♥♥ patches..... put 300 hours in and quit because its just not fun and a complete grindfest that you get nowhere because of the bugs that kill you randomly causing you to lose everything and basically be in a never ending quest to get your♥♥♥♥♥♥back only to get bugged out again and do it all over.might be worth playing in 5 years when they stop fixing the wrong things and changing the gameplay randomly and removing good things to make them terrible.. example being the lightning spell, or changing the way taming works without a proper explanatiom.,.."
76561197987254561,Recommended,529180,33704996,Posted: 21 July,all,ScorchedSkyes,"This game will be amazing. In time. It still needs some work. They need to make the dedicated private servers work so people can play with friends, and they need to fix the crashing issue. I forsee amazing things from this game and would recommend it. Dont judge the game too harsh."
76561198050661159,Recommended,529180,33701187,Posted: 21 July,all,Vita Korp3n,"I am really enjoying this game so far. Is it like ARK? Yes, they use many of the same assets and tools. It is honestly nearly identical in many ways. Does this make me want to play it less? Nope, while it plays similar and that could detract from the overall gameplay, it doesn't bother me since I also enjoy ARK. Sure it is buggy, and the PVE servers aren't live yet, but it is early access. Either way, 7.4 hours in and I haven't stopped playing, the RPG aspect is interesting, although the progress comes to an abrupt halt because of a quest to sell items gathered doesn't record your progress, but hopefully it gets patched soon. Overall, if you enjoy ARK, you may enjoy this. Take my recommendation as opinion based and with a grain of salt. Cheers"
,Recommended,529180,33704821,Posted: 21 July,all,swtor1091,Look. People are saying this game is just a copy and paste job of Ark. This is a lie. Looking at the UI and gameplay you would think that and at a glance you would be right but when you start playing you realize this is far from the truth. Personally I think it is better than Ark which i could never really get into myself. I played for two hours while my wife went to the gym and when she got back I thought it had only been a few minutes.I was only killed once by someone and the rest of the time the community was super nice and I was never attacked again. Now that PVE servers are a thing I will be playing more on those because I hate the idea of being killed by another player and having all my stuff taken.Optimaztion isn't as bad as I thought it was. It hiccups when I am looting something but when I was just walking around and harvesting it was at a steady 35-40fps when there was a few players around it went to about 30. The graphics are nice and the character creator is fantastic. All in all a good start. It has only been out for 24 hours and on the main menu it says they are only %30 done. I expect the game to be more like a mix of WoW and Ark when it is done. You can get quests from NPCs which at the moment are simple and easy but this opens the door for actual story driven content and considering they keep mentioning a great darkness I assume that is what they are planning.Don't know how well that will work on a PVP server when you can get ganked and all your stuff stolen but we shall see. At the momen the future of this game looks bright not shrouded in darkness. I would give the game a try for yourself or wait until it is a little more done. I expect in a few months less and less people will compare this game to Ark and Dark and light will be a game that stands on its own. Even if the UI looks a little simiular.
,Recommended,529180,33704923,Posted: 21 July,all,Phuzzylogic,"IT'S EARLY ACCESS Same equivalent to BETA.Stay AWAY from Official servers.  They lag, probably on VM's terrible experience.Go play on an Unofficial server. Everything seems to work 100% better.These guys SNail games pretty much own stake in Wildcard Studios. They are not english speaking so expect some translation issues.  Wildcard has done right by their game. You can assume the same. Ark's Launch was 100 times worst than this when it came out in Early Access. This game's launch was so much better.Ignore like 90% of the negative feedback."
76561198057590259,Recommended,529180,33704820,Posted: 21 July,all,PRONGT,"At the time of writing this review I have about 30 mins in the game so I cant say much about gameplay but performance wise DNL is pretty decent. It runs at a playable 30 fps on medium/low settings on my nearly 4 year old pc, this will improve with more patches. I am very impressed with the games performance so far considering it is day one of early access."
76561198046590995,Recommended,529180,33704934,Posted: 21 July,all,Gankbunny,"first review i've ever done.The game is great, im having tons of fun.there are obviously still a few bugs to work out, but all in all i am completely satisfied with the game."
,Recommended,529180,33705255,Posted: 21 July,all,SergeantGrizzly,i see some guys complaining about the game!!! what do you expect its early acsess!!! its not perfect but i think its going to be awsome!!!
76561197985097677,Recommended,529180,33748993,Posted: 23 July,all,Morlock,"Yes there are similarities to Ark, but the game will stand on its own.  Things like taming, and the survival aspects of the game are similar to Ark, but there are NPC’s, and cities in DAL.  Also not having to listed to bodily functions every 20 seconds is a plus in my book.It is a bit of a resource hog in its current state, I expect that will change some as development progresses.  Load times are slow, but I am running it fine on high settings once it is loaded.The Developers have said only 30% of the content is currently in, and there is still plenty to do.  I can’t wait to see how the rest of development from them fleshes out.  Not to mention mods from the community."
76561198012028097,Recommended,529180,33749748,Posted: 23 July,all,No.,"It's like Skyrim and Ark had a baby, but the baby was hotter than the parents."
76561198086343237,Recommended,529180,33897651,Posted: 29 July,all,Driven.by.demons666,"Very pretty game. Needs plenty of work though.  We can't really venture out because all the creature we encounter are double digit levels, and way to powerful.Everytime I get near water in certain areas my FPS drop to single digits.  Creatures glitch a lot. I feel that an optimization undate will fix all those problems.Overall really enjoying the game other wise."
,Recommended,529180,33914377,Posted: 30 July,all,CaptainLoozer,"So far, the game has great potential.  I definitely fall in the boat of those people who love the ark gameplay but are looking for something other than primative dino survival.  This fantasy world has great potential and the game in its current state, although very early, is much better than ark was it its infancy.  I hope rapid development continues because this game has GREAT potential.So far, I've only played for about 4 hours.  Half of that was spent loading into the game.  As of right now, load times are really bad.  I don't have the game installed on my SSD, but I have it installed on a 7200 RPM drive and the rest of my hardware is great.  I'm not complaining, just pointing it out.The game has crashed on me a few times, different things each time so I don't think it's anything I was doing in particular that caused it.Setting up your own private server is a little tricky at the moment.  In order for your game to show up in the list of servers, you have to have steam client running and logged in on your server.Will follow up in the coming months and update this review.  For now, with the cheap price, I'd say it's worth the buy."
76561198123024379,Recommended,529180,33915731,Posted: 30 July,all,Pumble,"Although this game is currently in Early Access, I am having quite a lot of fun with it. At the time of this review writing, there are a lot of bugs and lag, but all these things are only temporary problems, all of which will in time be eradicated.This game has very pretty graphics, and lots of cool monsters you can tame and ride. The character creation is vastly better than Ark and almost all other survival games I have played. I for sure recommend this game, but if you want the best experience possible, my advice would be to wait for 3-6 months then get into it. By then I think a lot of the issues will be resolved."
,Not Recommended,529180,35124989,Posted: 22 September,all,RE,black screen simulator.....
76561198365449864,Recommended,529180,33833167,Posted: 27 July,all,rogaldorn72,Great game! I put over 200 hours in ark... and this is way better.
76561198052344921,Recommended,529180,33833226,Posted: 27 July,all,slchilds,Nice game more fun than ark in my opinion. Still new but lots of promise.
,Recommended,529180,33833051,Posted: 27 July,all,✪Your Waifu is Shit,Great game and has potential to surpass ark
,Recommended,529180,34116691,Posted: 8 August,all,grace,"TL;DR: This game is in early access and as such has a lot of bugs, exploits and lag on official servers. The game was significantly more enjoyable on a private server to experience the game for the first time. Devs have already released consistent updates since the game came out and will continue to work towards fixing the issues. If you like crafters - this game will make you spend even more countless hours at your PC.This game has a lot of room to grow, but it is certainly a great experience from the get go. Anyone who has stuck with a game community through early access knows you're facing a lot of frustrating bugs, exploits - etc. What matters is the ability to look past it and see the game's potential.If you take the game for face value right now, the best experience you'll get is playing on a private server, for the sake of exploits and server lag. However, the devs have actively stated they are working hard to prevent this from happening in the official servers.I use separate launch options and my game runs smoothly at about 100fps with epic graphics. On a private server, the melee lag is less noticeable and it's been a more enjoyable experience. Vanilla or not, I'm sure that you can experience some good things in the game at it's current state, and it will only continue to improve.If you have patience, and you like open world crafters - this is definitely an exciting prospect and feels refreshing.Overall, it's a great game and I'm looking forward to the journey this game will take us all on. It's already been really fun and memorable."
,Recommended,529180,33774349,Posted: 24 July,all,Brantanamo,"Really enjoying this game,I was sceptical at first but the more you play the more you realise it really does have its own feel.I feel for £20 I've already got my money's worth."
,Recommended,529180,34370608,Posted: 20 August,all,Cptn.Smoothie,"The idea of the game is really nice, they just need to put a lot of work in it before its finished.Lets hope its not gonna be like ARK forever in EA.Would recommend this game if u like ARK ^^"
,Not Recommended,529180,33958993,Posted: 1 August,all,[SMC] Raptor,"In its current state, I do not recommend this game.That said, it has potential. Assuming all of the present issues are addressed, I might even be willing to call this game what we should expect of an Ultima Online reboot. Player housing, nearly unrestricted PvP, taming, magic... Ultima Online had it all. This game might in the future.Only time will tell whether it lives up to its potential and becomes something truly great, or drowns in it like so many other early access titles."
,Recommended,529180,33971355,Posted: 2 August,all,aLi112,Really fun game I really enjoy playing this game even in this current state where it needs alot of optimization and bug fix. it is playable but if you want the full and perfect experience give it sometime before you buy it!
,Recommended,529180,33984701,Posted: 2 August,all,Virus-,"First off, the game is amazing, set aside of the bugs... but that's the thing, it's Early Access for a reason.It's insanely immersive, beautiful, and overall breathtaking.There's tons of kinks, and bugs that need to be sorted, and worked out.. but nothing that they already know, and are currently working on.  The thing that gets me, is that it's getting hammered with negative reviews without even being given a chance. Sure, people are going to hate on anything/everything that they possibly can, but through the eyes of an honest/legit gaming enthusiast, Dark and Light deserves more credit and an honest shot at it's full potential.I'm going to personally continue to play, and help as much as I possibly can.If you don't like grinding, this game isn't for you, at all.If you don't like bugs, and participating in player development, it's not for you.BUT!If you enjoy losing yourself in hours upon hours of griding, combat, building, taming etc, you'll love it.If you enjoy helping test and forming a game, the developers actually listen and do their best to help, you'll enjoy it.There's always going to be positive, and negative things about everything, this is just my honest review."
76561198122193752,Recommended,529180,34119397,Posted: 9 August,all,Bwicked,"Dark and Light launched with some issues. The game has a really unique feel and I see a lot of potential once the game is more complete. I've only been playing a few days and I'm having just as much fun, if not more, as Ark when it first came out. While some things are like Ark and some of the console commands are similar. The game isn't Ark, it just uses the same game engine so It's going to have similar issues while it's in Early Access."
,Recommended,529180,34106167,Posted: 8 August,all,Katmai7,"Yes this game has some bugs but it has been  out for less than a month in alpha.  In fact, this game offers more in early release than  its competitors have after a month to years of release.  Having played many other games similar to Dark and Light, I have found this game quite enjoyable.  The complexity of the crafting, the snap togethre building, and the character development make it stand out.  This alpha does suffer from unexplained drops of FPS(no matter what video card), has had a memory leak, and is still full of glitches such as getting stuck in the world, despawning mounts and npc's, and way too many animal spawns concentrated in certain areas.  I'm sure that these issues will be fixed as time passes as it appears the delevopment team is quite active with patches.  Also, this game uses more resources than any other that I have played so if you don't have a fairly up to date gaming computer, I'd say this game will not be playable for you.I would recommend this game for people who understand what early release alpha means."
76561198069178696,Recommended,529180,33823366,Posted: 26 July,all,RUSTbomb,"First thing ... ignore the claims of this being an ARK clone maybe 20% of the game is re used since created from the same engine and creators, however being a EA game this might just be place holders we really do not know. the main menu says the game is only 30% done... That being said the 30% that is here is good and not bad.Second do not compare Dark & Light to Citadel! While they seem alike on the surface deep down they are two very different games.Standard EA bugs and glitches are here. nothing makes the game un playable like some reviews claim."
76561198066500741,Recommended,529180,33825810,Posted: 27 July,all,Pikel,"Hello out thereI have seen a lot of people down this game for this or that. This game is early acess and 30% done, Now we all know that the offic sever have a lot of issue  ( we all sat there and hit a tree for 15 mins to get 1 or 5 wood or maybe nothing ) I have heard people say they can not keep up on food. Berry seemed pretty easy to get ( use sword hit the bush along the river/Lakes ) . I have 70h in this game most on a offic sever and maybe 15 on a sever I run open 15 slot. I will say the priv sever will improve your game play by 110% just being able to hit a tree or a bush and to see stuff go into your backpack will make you smile.  To me it seems like they are not doing to bad of a job So far with fixing some major issue that have come up. But before you pass a  bad review of the game you should really have more then 1h in the game. Are there things that need to be fixed sure ( panthers are nasty lol)  I'm sure they are working on  stuff to blance everything  out.  Now as you can see I am not very good at doing reviews lol. But if you are haveing a hard time  on offic then look for a open privt sever so that you get a better grasp of the game find one that is blanced  or if you dont like a challange find one with over the top rates.  I like the game it fun and a bit grindy but  so are most other games. So I hope every one gives the game a far shake and let it grow a bit and maybe give the dev  feed back instead of just saying the game is unplayable or sucks... or this is a clone of another game."
,Recommended,529180,33718628,Posted: 22 July,all,DLC Prophet,"Hello guys, How far i know this game is still on development stage so i wont put anything negative cause alot of stuff may change soon.But i really like to play this game i enjoj all my time to explore this nice world, fight against those creatures which bring alot of challenge to kill. Graphic are really nice and seems a little bit optimized cause i dont see the FPS drop's as far.Lvling system also bringing alot of fun because u cant get anything without doing nothin which bring for player alot to work to do if people want to fully skill hes character.I really recommend u guys this game and i hope all of us wanna help to make improvements in that game to make it more awesome"
76561198194140981,Recommended,529180,34115184,Posted: 8 August,all,GenjiMain(im sorry),So i ador this game as a ark fan and i love the concept if only i could log in and i know the devs are busy but alot of people cant even ♥♥♥♥ing play the game please devs i have been trying to log in for 2 days.
76561198363516544,Not Recommended,529180,34668703,Posted: 1 September,all,twitch.tv/Kdubasaurus,This game still needs SOOOO much work. Losing mounts to glitches to DAYS of work building to have the structures drestoyed way too easily. removed a wall and lost literally a whole roof. it had many supports... this game needs help. waste of time to play right now
76561198003610911,Recommended,529180,33874289,Posted: 28 July,all,BigNurse,"Pro: The game delivers a unique experience that I have been seeking for some time from sandbox survival games. I believe the feeling associated with this experience can be described as a sense of wonder.Con: The developers have a lot of work to do and this game can really only be enjoyed if you are willing to look past the long load times, poor system performance, and a large quantity of missing gameplay elements.Come with realistic expectations and you will be able to appreciate what this game is."
76561198141505877,Recommended,529180,33881784,Posted: 29 July,all,AnubianPrime,I found the game to be very enjoyable so far and see a lot of potential. A rocky start but good takes time and great takes polish.
76561198061821992,Not Recommended,529180,34652985,Posted: 31 August,all,Kraft,"If hitting a tree million time is challenge , go ahead and embrace it . A game where you can loose a 17 hour long tame to 2 mobs in 10 seconds .All the patches till now have either ignored suggestion by community or have rather done opposite of what they asked .Taming times are longer than in ARK ."
76561198028429888,Recommended,529180,34184321,Posted: 11 August,all,pressurepoint14,"This is extream early access. Like not even alpha, it just barely qualifies as a first playable version of the game. That said it shows a lot of potential. I would not recomend the game in it's present state it is increadibly aggrivating in multy player, and outright unplayable in single player. Clipping issues, pathfinding problems, textures not rendering, progression  needs rebalencing, and the combat is either impossibly hard or laughably easy (although i did have one bloody good fight with a gryphen.)  Nothing you wouldn't expect, except for the profound freequency of these problems.  I will definately be coming back to this when it is a bit further along."
,Recommended,529180,34184342,Posted: 11 August,all,The Core Gameplay,After spending 200 hours in this game I can say it is worth the money. It has more than a few bugs but since the first day I bought it till now the game has made quite a few improvements with weekly updates.  It's not perfect but it keeps me coming back for more.
,Not Recommended,529180,34530244,Posted: 27 August,all,Blind IO,"It's a real shame. I quite like titles like ""7 Days to Die"" and expected great things of this title, being in the same genre. Graphically it's not bad, though it's far from optimised.The UI and mechanics are definately not intuitive. Why you gain skills in magic by whacking bushes is a little bit of a mystery. The tutorial quests are you first handholding introduction to the world. However, once you've done a few and hopefully figured out what's going wrong you'll wind up stumped by bugs. For example eat 3 flowers will only allow you to eat 2, making you think something is amiss until you relog and realise it completed, but now your followup quest won't display. Though the principles of the game are good, I feel far too much time was spent trying to make sprawling cities and not enough polish went into the gameplay and UI itself. The reality is that as player, we don't need big cities and places of interest if the gameplay is top notch. However, when the gameplay is below par, cities don't alleviate the issues.Perhaps in time, the UI and gameplay will be adjusted and the game will be a better experience, but for now it's off the mark. That said, I'm looking forward to other sandbox survival games such as Chronicles of Elyria. Hopefully one will put the focus where it's most needed, both in depth and intuitive gameplay."
,Recommended,529180,33808812,Posted: 26 July,all,Adakos,"Despite the mixed reviews I decided to go ahead and make this purchase. I'm a huge fan of ARK Survival Evolved and figured this would at least be worth the initial price of $25. I played about 4 hours in single player and found the game to be a lot of fun. As with any survival based game, the first few hours are the most difficult and frustrating as you learn your way around the game and how to work with the mechanics and interface. However, despite the challenges starting out I think it is definitely worth playing.The graphics are amazing and apart from a few instances where loading was occurring in the background I had no problems with stuttering or hitching. I think most of the ""lag"" problems people are complaining about are due to playing on one of the overly crowded official servers, or overestimating their gaming machine's ability to handle newer technology. Overall the gameplay itself has been smooth and seamless, and I have no complaints there.Being early access there are obviously going to be bugs, and I found several already. But purchasing an early access game means you accept the fact that you are paying to alpha/beta test a game, and you WILL experience bugs and gameplay issues. You knew that going in, and to complain about bugs in an early access game is honestly a bit childish. Expect bugs, expect wipes, expect savegame corruption. These items all go hand in hand with testing an early access title.In summary, I think Dark and Light has some amazing potential, and I look forward to seeing what the developers end up doing in the long run. I'm eager to keep playing and discovering what the game has to offer, and I think it was definitely $25 well spent!"
76561198060119793,Recommended,529180,33801056,Posted: 25 July,all,wolfenaround2002,"For the most part, it is a decent game. The game is no where near optimized for average systems, so you had best be running a monster of a system. This game REQUIRES a lot of RAM and CPU. On a quad 3.0 CPU, it uses 65%-87% with 8Gbs of RAM it used 71%-89%. And the sad part is, I'm running a R9 290x 8Gb Vapor X. With that, I have EVERYTHING either turned to low or completely off...... and I still wind up with FATAL Crashes! Otherwise, I did enjoy the few hours I did get to play and I hope others will too!"
,Recommended,529180,33731983,Posted: 22 July,all,ToMo,"A very enjoyable and promising early access game.A refined, High-Fantasy styled ARK, this game expands on the concept with it's unique magic, town and quest systems making it feel like a mix between a survival game and a more traditional rpg.Played 13 hours straight with two friends and enjoyed setting out into the wild, building a home and overcoming the initial challenges of survival that we were consistently bombarded with, now that we've overcome the local surroundings we can finally think about exploring further across the map.Running on a GTX 1070, I5 4690k and 8GB of DDRM3 RAM (Yes, I know, I should consider upgrading.) with the game installed on a HDD, initial loading is slow (Around 10 - 15 minutes to get into a server with no further loading required after) but outside of small performance hic-ups here and there the game performs smoothly on a 10 series card but I have heard otherwise for low spec cards and computers.Bugs are an issue at points in game but I've had nothing that has stopped me from enjoying content as is expected, the largest issue I've suffered so far has been a tamed creature getting stuck on terrain and being unable to move.After much coaxing and around thirty minutes of manipulation, bringing another creature forced our tamed friend to a different position allowing him to move freely.Overall in it's current state I'd recommend the game with friends as it provides an enjoyable experience that's all about adventure and discovery.If you are planning on playing the game Solo then I'd suggest perhaps waiting for some further content updates, the game itself is focused heavily on group play with the house system which you should be familiar with as  the tribes system in ARK and other similar games.If you only wish to play polished, bug free experiences, then I'd suggest waiting until the game releases from it's Early Access state, bugs are common in these titles and as always, you're buying into a W.I.P product.Personally, I believe I've found a game that's clicked with me more then many in recent years.I'll be updating my review once I've spent more time in game and as Major content updates release."
,Recommended,529180,33723691,Posted: 22 July,all,123,"To all the people comparing this game to ark: Yes, it is similar, its built off the same framework. BUT... It has a new take on a lot of mechanics, and even this early it's improved upon some of the gripes I've had with ark. Already it's doing much better than ark and conan did in their initial weeks.As far as the bad reviews, ark was in a way worse position when it launched. Give it a chance, it's already a great game. The reviews the first day were only 10% positive, today they're already 63% positive. Don't listen to the people who didn't even bother to play the game.Once you get past the few minute initial loading screen, the game runs well. The skill learning system is a vast improvement, taming is much quicker and less of a time sink. Building is the same as ark/conan they all use the same system it seems. Chinars are and will be an issue, we'll see see how the devs handle them."
,Recommended,529180,33725113,Posted: 22 July,all,ComradeGeneral,"After 16 hours of giving this game a shot, I can say that I'm glad that I made the purchase. I see great potential for this game, because it brings out a lot of cool features that are not in other survival based games (A working market, towns with npcs, having an election system for someone to be king, etc.) This is just what I've seen so far, and I can imagine that there is going to be a lot more to the game once it gets closer to completion.Some of the things that I like about the game are the different roles that you can go for and master. So far, I’ve noticed a ‘hunter’ spec, a ‘magician’ spec, and a ‘warrior’ spec. What I mean by that is, you have multiple avenues you can build into, and each of them have their own perks. On top of that there are multiple workbenches you can have for each spec (workbench for magic for example).  Another thing I like about the game is the taming mechanic. Shooting the potential tame with a hook arrow, and planting the other end of the arrow into the ground, to try and tire out the animal. One final thing is the beginning stages of an economy. Already there are markets that you can buy and sell items to npcs. This can definitely be built up on and there can be an actual working economy on servers, which I find amazing.There are still a lot of things that need work. The loading screen for example. You can see when it reaches the end of the clip, because it momentarily shows a black screen before it starts to play the clip again. Another thing that needs work is the invisible walls on hills, where you stop dead in your tracks on a hill that looks like you will be able to go over it, but instead you get stopped by the invisible wall. One final example of what needs to be worked on is the npc’s in the towns. One of them in the elven kingdom has no clothes on, and his waist area is completely see through. But all of these problems that I mentioned are patchable, and I bet they will be patched fairly quickly.All in all, I think that this is a very promising game with great potential. If you think of $1 an hour of gameplay for your purchase, then I’ll definitely be getting my money's worth out of it. If you do not want to play an early access game however, then I’d wait for it to come out of early access."
76561198090353982,Recommended,529180,33725110,Posted: 22 July,all,tomgefen,"After almost 10 hours of playing, i REALLY enjoyed the game, there is all the time something to do, something to build and unlock. i found some minor bugs, but its still in early access. The game is awsome!"
76561198130724168,Recommended,529180,34129505,Posted: 9 August,all,jdub,"I'm thoroughly enjoying this game!  I have 2500 hours into Ark and yes, while this has similar guts, it is it's own unique game and a good, promising one.  Ive only played single player with no desire to hop online yet.  This is an EA title people.  I do get a kick out of all the complaints about online griefers, lag, etc.  Unless your only desire is to play online PVP, I dont understand why anyone would play an EA release like this online and make ALL judgements about the CORE GAME from that experience.  Even a polished, finished product has plenty of griefers and trolls on their servers to ruin the experience.  If you want to gauge the game itself, give single player a try.  I can see this game being great for PVP but I cant comment on that experience yet.  Ive had near zero issues and it's performing very well for an EA game.  Im running a 1060 with 3gb of ram with settings on high/ultra, and while I do run into laggy portions of the map when first encountering them, it smoothes fairly quickly.  I do agree with some that say its a combo of Ark and Skyrim.  The grind feels a bit more enjoyable and rewarding as you level up your various skills vs Ark.  If you enjoy beautiful scenery and graphics, like casting Fireballs and Lightning Bolts, enjoy games like Ark and Skyrim, then give this a try.  I'll probably have many hundreds of hours into it before they polish it up and sell it for $60.  Get it now and enjoy the EA bumps along the road."
,Recommended,529180,34114763,Posted: 8 August,all,SL.,"Amazing graphics, good magic system. It's basically ARK, Skyrim and Witcher in the one game, which is a very nice concept. Devs just need to make more optimization and fix some bugs.Early access score: 9/10"
,Recommended,529180,34170492,Posted: 11 August,all,Crom,"After playing about 65 hours early access, feeling is that if developers will finish this and does not fail a lot while doing that, it will be really awesome game. There is a huge potential and it's already very entertaining, so I have to recommend this game, but note warning below.As warning : It is early access and there is updates all the time, currently there is a lot of bugs and it's not really smooth experience. If you don't want to play unfinished game, don't try to play it yet (08/2017)."
76561197982947801,Recommended,529180,33752938,Posted: 23 July,all,JayFiveAlive,"First impressions after about 4 hours:Really good - smooth, looks pretty good on epic. Very immersive and great music. They released a few patches over the weekend and I played Sunday, so I think that's why my experience has been better than some of the inital reviews. My favorite part is the skill system - no points to put into building, crafting, etc. Everything can be learned by doing things/using skills that give exp in that skill area. This is much better than many other survival games that force you to think about what path you want to go down and learn only certain skills, etc.I'd recommend checking it out - I am very pleased with what I saw so far and am looking forward to playing more!"
,Recommended,529180,33756757,Posted: 23 July,all,Skipling,"So I've played Ark.. like a lot.The games both look similar, but they really aren't.Dark and Light has quite a few key differences, including the taming, leveling, skills ect.Oh, and ever get frustrated with Engrams on Ark? Yeah that isn't a thing in Dark and Light. As long as you put the time in to level up the skill you can get all the engrams for it.Player level and Skill levels are separate.So far the game isn't polished, and while I can run it there are some minor hiccups.. but it literally just came out on Early Access.Legit, if you want to look for the bad in this game you'll find it.. but if you give it a chance you might find yourself having fun."
76561198015521058,Recommended,529180,33705625,Posted: 21 July,all,Juan Spooter,"It's disappointing to see people writing such negative reviews even just hours after release. As someone who loves (and hates) playing early access games, this was the best launch I'v ever seen.There are some issues to be dealt with but 1 day after and a lot of them have already been addressed.This game is similar to ARK: Survival Evolved but with a fantasy + MMO feel. This is perfect for someone like me who has 5K hours in ARK and needs something new. This is it.If you have an understanding of what an ""early access"" game is and you enjoy open world survival games, I strongly suggest you pick this one up."
76561197991666138,Recommended,529180,33752182,Posted: 23 July,all,Mikakitty-Chan,"I'm excited about this game. Yes there are issues, but it's Early Access. it's 30% or so complete, it's expected. Ignore the negative feedback, this game has lots of potential as long as they keep the patches rolling. I haven't played much of it yet and wish there was a better tutorial in the beginning. But this is one that I pray the games the Dev's don't abandon."
,Recommended,529180,33750340,Posted: 23 July,all,frankyes,"I had a tribe of 20 people in a caravan that traveled center of the map.  It was almost exactly like oregon trail but fighting, taming, and surviving.  I have never had a more epic experience than in this game.  We lost people, we killed and provided food, and we rested.  We have established a base and are building.Pros-- This game feels balanced so far-- Immersion is amazing-- Graphics are pretty amazing (requires high system spec to run)Cons-- A little buggy right now but that's expected in early alphaOverallThis is ark but the way its meant to be.  It feels like the witcher 3 met ark and I love it."
76561197975505083,Recommended,529180,33698765,Posted: 21 July,all,Cornmuffin,"whoa chill everyone.it's wayyyy less laggy than ark was when that released.everyone is forgetting, when you booted up ark, there were no instructions or guidance... we figured it out...i'm having fun.  It's definitely EA.  As someone who played ark all the way through, I'm happy.  It meets my expecations, and im sure there will be a million patches as we go."
76561198080523403,Recommended,529180,33756807,Posted: 23 July,all,Sevenseas_X12,"Dark and Light is a fun game.I'm now 248 hrs in and it's still very playable with game completion at only 30% but there is ofcourse some bugs it's Early Access duh and I never noticed anything too serious.I can see the future for Dark and Light looking very bright for this EA game.With the vastness of open world MMORPG PvPvE type of game like ARK, DnL has lots of things to do and offers a whole new play style so it's actually very different than ARK in general and uses same unreal engine.Take a journey in a magical and mythical creature based world with abundant crafting/building/harvest/taming/surviving etc.There is tons of farming/grinding to do to and to level up is fairly slow then overtime unlocks many crafting items depending on what you do most and has many options/paths to choose from too.I will update this review more after 500+ hrs."
76561198054379006,Recommended,529180,33698772,Posted: 21 July,all,Makoki,"My first impressions!Hy people, i just played a bit over an hour, so till now i can just writr about a few of my first impressions of this Dark & LIght.After i solved the strting problems i had, Resolution/Screensettings and loading, ect., now it runs pretty smooth with 3840 x 2160 res., in fullscreen-windowed mode and epic grphics setting, on a i7 5930k, 32gb ram, geforce 1080ti.Game allready looks nice to me, shure, there are things to improve  ( waterfalls, some textures, swimmig, ect.) what i saw till no, but hey its an EA game on it´s second day, so it´s normal.Char movements are good for the begining and most of aspects i saw till now are more or less like i ecspected they would be.Menu and inventure handling is a bit similar to ark, but thats not a bad thing, and the game is no ark clon, it´s a pretty different game on it´s own.I think if it´s devs will keeping on working on it, it can be a pretty fun and nice game.I recommend it for everybody who like fantasy survival games and are used to, understand and likes, how the thing with EA games works.Little update: iv´e played now for six hours and i have still fun with it, it looks realy great and has an realy nice gameplay!Update 2: i´ve played now for more than 50 h. and i´m totaly adicted, haven´t had so much fun in a game a long time ago. There is so much to do and to discover, and the game surprises me more and more wirh new aspects, ways to play and new things i didn´t saw before. And it´s such a beauty, it´s just amazing. i just can recomend that everybody who wants to have some fun, nice views to look at and have a good time playing, give it a try !Have fun and rock on!"
,Recommended,529180,33740746,Posted: 23 July,all,Dogehn,"This is an Early Access game. Don't go by all the crybaby reviews saying the game is buggy or other crap. Of course it's going to be buggy! It's Early Access!The game has a solid foundation. The team is my big concern. While Snail Games let Wild Card develop ARK without any interference Snail isn't the most responsive company around (yes, Snail purchased WC in late 2015). The biggest issue with the game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor translations. This is the same studio that developed and published Age of Wushu (Wulin) and would use 4-5 different words for the same stat, and they made no attempt to make uniform or accurate translations.TLDR: Good game, potential, it's EA. If you want a complete and bug free game dont' buy Early Access."
,Recommended,529180,33750652,Posted: 23 July,all,DeadLiftGamer,"ARK has been the game of choice for the girlfriend and I for quite awhile. With that being said, we really don't understand the hostility from the ARK fanboys. We have thoroughly enjoyed the game for the few hours that we have played. You have to remember that this is an early access game so of course it's not polished. Lag spikes, glitches and server issues are normal for an early access game STILL IN ITS FIRST WEEK RELEASED.We give it a 9/10"
76561198020618256,Recommended,529180,33752908,Posted: 23 July,all,Brighteyes72,"I love this Game!!! I like the building so far and I like the taming system. Fighting is still a bit broken, but if u use ranged u can get it done fast and u will hit everytime. The map is huge or so it fells so fare making it very nice to explore new areas. You get to be 1 of 3 Races and thats Great and there are so nice looking. Armor also changes the way you look and it is really nice looking, I dont mind only being in 3th person for now since i can stand looking at myself and the movement is nice and make them look like real. This game dose have a OP Airdrop that sets loss a Dark Reaper and he pretty well broke and leveld my base in one hit like 3 times now and making it hard to do anything to it at lower levels even if your higher it still be a pain. Over all this is a very nice looking game that wile yes there are some problems but it is in early access and looks way better then some other games i have played on first lunch! It is totaly worth what i paid for it and i would recoment you get into it wile it's still on sale!"
76561197975327788,Recommended,529180,33753533,Posted: 23 July,all,Lucktose Intoleranz,Enough said about this game in positive reviews.Just another score pusher.
,Recommended,529180,33754955,Posted: 23 July,all,Zauberer,DnL best game
76561198022699628,Recommended,529180,33749824,Posted: 23 July,all,Valkyrie,"Yes, this game is similar to Ark, in fact I like to tell people that Ark is literally in the name of the game: D[ARK] and Light! But it's not Ark. There's more pve content in the NPC cities, there are factions, races and obviously there's magic.Pros:-Max server size is 127. Higher than most other survival games.-There are ways to protect your base from offline raiding after you hit level 20 with a House Seal. I hate offline raiding, so this is a BIG plus for me. Players need to delcare war on you and you must accept beforee any kind of raiding can happen. Before level 20 though, you and your shabby♥♥♥♥♥hut are going to get repeatedly looted.- Looks great. Some players seem to have difficulty getting it to look nice though, not sure why.- Feels RELATIVELY polished for an early access. I think it's def in a much better state than Ark was at release, or for months afterward. I was expecting much worse, honestly.-Lag on the unofficial server I'm on is almost non-existent. Not sure about officials.- The magic is really fun to use.- The monsters are awesome and terrifying.-  Players can take over NPC towns and be mayor! Definitely a lot of political stuff to do.- The map is REALLY fun to explore and really dangerous.- Ark players will feel very much at home.- Base building is snappy like legos but is not entirely without its frustrations.Maybe Pros, maybe cons depending on your perspective:- Very grindy. Pretty slow to skill up.- If you're not playing PVP, you are mssing out on a core element of gameplay, imo.- There is no map til you craft one, then it's a consumable resource.- Wiki is pretty minimal at the moment. Don't expect too much help for mid/end game things.- Much of the map is locked due to being incomplete.Cons-Melee hit boxes are broken. this is a HUGE problem that nees to be fixed asap. Like. Today.- Early game can be REALLY hard depending on your luck and how fast you figure out the game.-Updates and server down time are not announced in advance (if you're in the middle of a long tame, this can be a big issue)There is a very unprofessional message on the loading screen that says ""game is 30% complete. Believe us, we are going to make it great."" Not really the most inspiring message I've ever read...-There were no PVE servers at first. (I think there are some now?)- You will probably die a lot in early levels and lose all your stuff repeatedly to players, goblins, reavers and panthers. Travel light and don't get attached.- Jumping on rocks is buggy. I'm often afraid I will get stuck (haven't yet!)-People running unofficial servers don't have all admin tools they need to customize the play. I assume this is coming.- There is A VERY annoying hit box bug that basically makes melee useless- Walking up hills is unncessarily hard. falling down hills is like sliding down on ice skates.- Hunger and thirst and rest are ridiculously difficult to manage in early game while you are trying to learn.- Unlocks don't work logically (level ranged crafting by mining stone!) Very unintuitive.- No IP locks mean that you get all kinds of unsavory sorts on the offical servers (Chinese mega guilds etc)- The UI needs work. Everything is too big and texts end up on top of each other.- Solo play is really hard. You want to group up.- Players new to survival games are going to have a rough and possibly rage inducing time.- Building Collision limits your ability to get your base EXACTLY how you want it.Tips for beginners:- Craft a bow. Kill all the things. Melee is gimped at the moment.- Night time is not a joke. You are not safe.-Eat flowers to regain focus. Gather flowers by swinging sword with rmb on bushes (esp red bushes).-Play on an unoffical server with some kind of multiplier. 3x seems good imo. Unless you have something to prove by playing on the grind and grief-fest that is official servers...- Get away from the starter town asap. You don't need♥♥♥♥♥♥there and all the resourcs are depleted and no-lifers like to hang out there and grief (yes you can be killed in NPC towns)- Make berry jam. Never need water again.- Hold down LMB when you are walking and just collect EVERYTHING.- to get around the gathering bug, press ctrl (crouch), left click, repeat. don't spam them too fast.- learn which tools get you which type of mats.- Craft fairy lights to level light magic easily.- use knives to get fur.If you are choosing between several games, I would say DnL beats out Ark, Rust, Miscreated, and DayZ and definitely beats out Citadel (played beta yesterday)."
76561198049809905,Recommended,529180,33758284,Posted: 23 July,all,Rocksalt,"From a single player perspective. It's not much different from Ark Survival but different enough that people who like Ark should like this game. Having played Ark from the beginning, they're both about equal from the start.  I'm finding the performance better but that's probably because I upgraded my video card from a geforce 650 Ti to a geforce 960 a while ago.Edit: Just to add, FWIW  I'm watching Sl1pg8tr right now and he just said, ""I can't stop playing this game!""."
,Recommended,529180,33894682,Posted: 29 July,all,Cheddar,Games good even for being in the very early stages of early access. Any bugs or glitches have been getting fixed or dealt with quickly and frequent patches are always nice. Feels good
,Recommended,529180,35068559,Posted: 19 September,all,HussamOfAtmora,Amazing ! JUST FIX THE BUGS.
76561198065054201,Recommended,529180,34950690,Posted: 14 September,all,nobody willsee this video right?,"it's like ARK with magic. it's great.it's very VERY early access and is buggy as hell, however i DO recomend getting in early and often.it's playable right now if you have a forgiving nature towards a program that is in early development.if you're going to get into the game and then post a lot of complaints about the bugs, please wait till later.but you're going to miss out on a lot of fun."
76561198250073110,Not Recommended,529180,35168185,Posted: 23 September,all,Elaine,"Money wasted. Haven't played the game yet. My 1.3 hours spent on it was mostly in loading screens. I really wanted to play this game with my brother, and I've tried patiently to wait for updates that can finally save me from the hellish loading screens, but nope. Maybe I'll come back to this game after a year or so... maybe 3. oh well..."
76561198411477867,Not Recommended,529180,35173073,Posted: 24 September,all,MrSmiles,"Getting pretty fed up and confused as to why these devs are making potentially amazing games... and then letting them rot? I think the whole Early Access craze is ruining gaming. Just go back to finishing a game. You can get it crowdfunded etc. if you need a cash injection to get it done. I have a few Early Access games and it is the same on everyone with the same reviews to show its not just me. Starts off well, people expecting bugs etc. but patient, then things just stop, servers start to empty... it's a mess. The Steam store is full of Early Access now and the only good games are all the oldies making a comeback."
76561198006605505,Not Recommended,529180,35181049,Posted: 24 September,all,DanteYoda,"Very poor game, Devs continually make mistakes and ruin their game, the populations have abandoned ship and new customers should be warned away as the game is unplayable..Very unstable, needs a powerful computer and crashes drivers.. what Servers are left are infested with hackers and exploiters.Singleplayer is missing features and Devs has said singleplayer is not a focus.I do not suggest buying this game, wait at least a year.."
76561197974282707,Not Recommended,529180,35482201,Posted: 4 October,all,Duskruler,Eleven years in development and this is what they release.  My opinion this game is just a money grab and was never intended to be a full MMORPG.  Scam!!
76561197970761860,Recommended,529180,33945989,Posted: 1 August,all,BKGolden,"Dark and Light is an addicting, beautiful game.   There's a lot of work for the devs to fix bugs and add content, but for an EA game, I'm glad I bought it.  Can't wait for future updates!  So much potential."
,Recommended,529180,33732484,Posted: 22 July,all,FrankyH88,"Awesome game, it's like Skyrim and Ark had a baby. Enough said."
,Recommended,529180,33693137,Posted: 21 July,all,Viverz,"Don't understand what everyone is complaining about, the gameplay, combat, skill trees, are absolutely nothing like ark.. after putting 9 hours non-stop into this game today i'm ♥♥♥♥ing loving it, the taming system is awesome aswell, you need a group of people to pin the animals down with ropes..But anyway, i read the reviews and almost didnt buy the game, i'm glad i did"
,Recommended,529180,34195108,Posted: 12 August,all,lilmisschloe,"Now first and foremost players will most likely compare this game to Ark:Survival Evolved and I can see why,  and all you need to know is that it boils down to this...if you like Ark, you SHOULD LOVE this...this is Ark 2 in my opinion and its only 30% complete,  the patches are coming out with haste and major issues are already being addressed.  The main reason you should get hyped about this game though is for two reasons, number one is Snail Games who made Dark and Light brough Wildcard Studios (the devs of Ark) so that should be enough to tell you to move onto this gamer if you have Ark, and even if you dont, you can skip Ark and buy the better game...this one.The second reason is,  a lot more polish is clearly going into this game than Ark,  its nice to see little touches and quirks that Ark used mods to impliment, but in DnL they come as standard!  Im sorry to keep comparing but you and I both know, most people will do this...and of course this is just MY opinion.So whats this game about then? Re-created from the original 2004 MMO of the same name, the Snail development team is now focused on gaining feedback from players in the upcoming weeks in order to hone game mechanics such as questing, leveling, dungeon design, and PvP mechanics.Dark and Light's massive sandbox world takes the storyline beyond the traditional MMO, delivering a unique blend of MMO and survival mechanics. Players have the freedom to develop settlements, unlock magical abilities, fight for their tribes, or just enjoy exploring the world’s many distinct environments. Dark and Light's use of Unreal Engine 4 guarantees superb visual fidelity and advanced physics, providing players with a rich and stimulating gaming experience in an ever-changing virtual world.Dark and Light is a persistent, living world, with a heavy focus on combat where movement and battle have shifted from third-person tab-targeting to an action-based FPS-style system. The game features active participation through dodging, where precise aiming along with managing skills and magical abilities are the keys to victory. Players need not enter the fray alone, as many of the world’s creatures can be tamed and used as mounts to gain a tactical advantage in battle.Dark and Light features environments inspired by real-world locations, including volcanoes, snow-capped mountains, swamps, plains, forests, jungles and more. Additionally, Dark and Light showcases beautiful fantasy biomes, such as a series of floating islands where players will encounter more than 50 unique species of creatures as they traverse the landscape. These aren’t just mindless, cut-and-paste mobs either – each has been meticulously designed to fit seamlessly into their respective habitats and will behave as though they had naturally evolved in the world.Graphics: 8.5/10Sound: 6/10 (Early access state, they will improve)Gameplay: 9/10Performance: 7.8/10 (Even in its EA state.)Overall: 88%"
76561198006649098,Recommended,529180,33720934,Posted: 22 July,all,LordofSalt,"So despite the ratings its an excellent game, sure its like ark with its inventory system, but i wouldnt call that a bad thing. The game has tons of possibilities between do you want to be someone specializing in ranged combat with bows or do you want to sling fire with fire magic. Theres tons you can do. My one only issues are the hunger rate is quite extreme, always stock up before night falls , also while the majority of the game is beautiful, character and creature modelswill leave you wanting a bit. With that said easy 9/10."
76561198042337035,Not Recommended,529180,34283436,Posted: 16 August,all,Mitchell,"I have alot of respect for the concept of the game. I enjoy the building system and also the taming system, it is unique and fun taming a dragon or a Kodo. Now for the dirty part of the game. The game was poorly optimized, yes the game is in early access but that doesn't excuse the game dev's in a poor job of execution and testing for alot of the game. I feel like the game might have been tested once from a dev and the dev felt like clocking out and going home at the end of the day feeling like these issues weren't too big of a deal. Now my rig is well over the system requirements and over the recommended hardware, and the game still has issues with just loading, even doing simple functions like gathering or building there is hiccups and game catch up lag behind it which is kind of embarassing on the dev's behalf. Ontop of the performance issues that are obviously a thing (looking at peers comments and also speaking with fellow players) But also the gathering is just tedious, there is just too much going on when hitting a damn bushle of grass, and lets not get started on the server lag which is awful and the game is only playable on a unofficial server with the populus of 10-15 people, my example is when gathering or doing anything really it takes the server 10 to 15 seconds just to catch up, and most of the time it doesn't catch up and you miss out on the resources you were trying to harvest. Next time you release an early access game, release a early access game and not a game that still needs SO much work before it could really be deemed as a game in the first place. I will have the game in my library waiting for these dev's to take it upon themselves to work out these kinks but all in all the game has recieved a 2 out of 10 from me."
,Recommended,529180,33799760,Posted: 25 July,all,Hudson,"A very solid start.  I absolutely love the game.  There are bugs and issues, but what we have this early leaves me very hopeful that the bugs and issues will be worked out and we'll have what I think will be a game I'll enjoy for years.  I've already enjoyed it immensely and found it worth every cent I've spent.  They did a great job on this and released it into alpha when we could actually do something with it.  While it is an unfinished project, the foundation and what they've done so far is quite amazing.  Really enjoying the currently playing experience and looking forward to it for years to come already."
,Recommended,529180,33803788,Posted: 26 July,all,Kliff,I love dragons and game about dragons.
76561197961214525,Recommended,529180,33808333,Posted: 26 July,all,explodingmonkey,"36 hours in. sure it has its bugs, sure its using ARKs version of Unreal Engine as a basis. So what. Its early access. The game is fun. If people think this is a ARK reskin then they have not played it. Almost everything is different. The way you unlock skills/spells, the taming system, warfare, etc. Its definitely its own thing, and its tons of fun. Give it a try."
,Recommended,529180,33721891,Posted: 22 July,all,DrAnal,"Love the concept of the game. Dont listen to the people who say "" its an ARK clone bla bla bla"" No its not all i can say how its compares to ARK is the UI then the gameplay nope not at all. Its an alpha and sure its needs polishing and optimization but its been out for like 2 days i dont know why people start complaining about everything directly. The devs seem to respond VERY fast to fix the broken things people send in. Just send in the bugs in a report and it probably will be fixed very soon.Gameplay 9/10Concept 10/10Optimization (of right now) 5/10 remember im writing this 2 days after releaseGraphics 7/10I would recommend this! As the devs seem communicate and listen to the community and hanve a really fast response to fix stuff. And the gampleay and feel of the game is awesome.Computer specs:CPU i7-6700GPU GTX 1070RAM 16GB"
76561198098012616,Recommended,529180,33711965,Posted: 21 July,all,TattooedAussie84,"Better than what I expected!I am not really a fan of magical wizard type games but this one is pretty decent.Yes there is some bugs, doesn't run too great for me and the movement seems a little clunky to me. I know it is Early Access and it will all get better as time goes on so the future of this game looks pretty darn good.To me it is a mix of ARK and Black Desert Online, which is a pretty good mix in my opinion."
76561198073853939,Recommended,529180,33720863,Posted: 22 July,all,SamAzing0,"Ignore the negative reviews who are whining that this game is a copy of ark, despite being made by the same company.Dark and Light shows a lot of promise, and with 2 updates in the space of 48 hours, you can see that the devs are focused on getting this game out and functional.Though loading times are long and framerates will not be anything exceptional, I've yet to encounter many bugs in my short playtime (something that really cannot be said for the near-to-release ark).The fantasy element in the game is definitely here. You certainly feel that you are an adventurer in a huge new open world where anything is possible, despite that only part of the map is open. Coupled with the advanced skill trees and crafting interface, you've got a lot to occupy yourself with.Based on initial impressions, I'm having a lot of fun as a massive fantasy fan, and this game shows a great deal of promise."
76561198022266257,Not Recommended,529180,34141327,Posted: 10 August,all,mylin1,"It has some fun elements, really needs more time - its raw even for early access (currently I cant play it because of graphics bugs post latest patch)The devs seem to be trying to fix things in reasonable pace but on the whole the problems are fairly massive.Dont pickup for 6mnths or so, worth keeping an eye on tho"
,Recommended,529180,33701809,Posted: 21 July,all,Byde,LOTS of potential. Still needs polishment though =/
76561198009771905,Recommended,529180,33700275,Posted: 21 July,all,GoldenSavior,I really enjoyed my first couple hours into this game and i look forward to continue supporting this game.~
76561198032309483,Recommended,529180,33760517,Posted: 24 July,all,Ride The Spiral,"First off the game runs like crap, and the client should be more stable even for early access. I'm running the game on low settings and the frame rates are still miserable. It's also limited to third person which is also annoying.I actually really like the gameplay though, the skilltree directs you and helps you plan rather than trying to restricted you as in ARK.For the price I didn't expect anything but an ARK reskin with a different progression system and it delivers on that.. or rather would if it would run a decent framerate/resolution."
,Not Recommended,529180,34576205,Posted: 29 August,all,123,"Crashes too much to even be in beta.- If your game crashes, you loose everything, you fall to your death and your mount will probably die too.- Unable to raid others bases due to insane health on structures.- Many of the ingame items does not work, including gates that you can't place... (cheers!)- You can run inside other bases if you load slowly, raid people from the inside without attacking the base, yay!- Super laggy, game freezes every time you move. Can't even load from point A to point B so you wouldn't freeze all the time... thanks for not keepign the world in memory.- Memory leaks, many leaks that makes the game crash.Update:- Hackers and exploiters has ruined the rest of the game, welcome to exploit city.- Some updates not as bad as it was with lag, however, still worst game released, not worth it."
,Recommended,529180,34772100,Posted: 6 September,all,Medrall,Love the game. YES there are many many bugs as it is an early access and some of them are quite frustrating but the game is really fun and will be a top game when it will be finished.
,Not Recommended,529180,35169122,Posted: 23 September,all,Tolviper@Twitch.tv,THIS is all i can say......... here....take a good look......and this will show you what i and others think of this game.https://gyazo.com/dd55dfcea80e356a20e9c8f393e9776b
76561197993816055,Not Recommended,529180,35160182,Posted: 23 September,all,diegoo.bh,"This game has everything to be perfect but let's talk the truth: Don't buy it yet. Wait at least 5 (maybe 7, 10) years to buy this game.And I've only one reason: Incompetent developers.In all the updates they crashs things that are working. So, all time if you see an update, starts cry, because you will not be able to play for at least 3 days (if we have luck), the time to devs fix what they have bugged.Multiplayer is unplayable. You can't complete ONE TASK. It lags, it crashs, it don't works.Singleplayer crahs the game all time. The game just close for no reason and all the time.I've an i7 3.5Ghz, 16GB RAM, Gtx 980 Ti 6GB and the optimized config suggest is low. I tryied it and, you can't see nothing in the game, too poor to my eye. So i configured it to epic, thats beautiful. Anyway it lags too much. And don't matter which config i use, it always crashs the game.And the reason is the devs that have no knowledge. It will take too many years to this game be playable, so, just DON'T BUY IT NOW."
,Recommended,529180,33897554,Posted: 29 July,all,Broq,"Love the quests, the skill leveling, the constant feeling of fearing for your life, the building, the way it looks, the size, and the feel of the island. Too many stuff on this game is right. And for those saying this game is an Ark reskin, you should learn how to google."
76561197981867184,Recommended,529180,34761817,Posted: 5 September,all,Alt255,"As of this review, the game is only 30% complete.  So far though, the game seems to be lots of fun.  It has many of the elements of Ark Survival with some great new additions.  Base shields seem to be the best protection for offline raiding.  You end up losing lots of tames but the tame rate is high enough with the right feed that it isn't a problem.  Specialized taming feed is easy to purchase in town.  There are issues with server lag and some random glitches, it's not perfect, well worth playing though."
76561198007366676,Not Recommended,529180,34851493,Posted: 9 September,all,exodisious,"pathetic. this game has great potential but is no where near ready for early release its a joke how many game breaking glitches are still throughout this game! ive had to start from scratch three times due to a bug that allows you to load into game in a black screen for aproximatly one min where you can hear ingame but do nothing; no way to kill oneself, no way to unstuck, no way to even creat a new character rendering that server pointless!This game is not only desturbingly full of bugs, glitches and errors but the devs consider it low priority to fix any of them!refund!"
,Recommended,529180,33806193,Posted: 26 July,all,DeathMethanol,"Do not be fooled by the negative reviews, most of them are from ARK players, who came looking for something that was never promised here (or stated).Game itself is in a good Early Access state, taking into consideration that it was released as such only couple days ago. Definitely in a better state at this point then most EA games on Steam.But it is still Early Access, so do not expect a smooth, bug-free game. It is playable and enjoyable at the moment, but some graphic optimization issues, lags, weird behaviours and such may occur, so be prepared and do not complain to much. Game has great potential, with an advance crafting and leveling system, enjoyable combat/magic mechanics and diversity of biomes and monsters. Additionally, the map is huge and awaits to be explored!"
,Recommended,529180,33690176,Posted: 20 July,all,[x],"A solid game with multiple woes. This is just a Early Access review, I've read the majority of negative reviews and remain baffled and don't quite understand what these people don't get about EA.One talked about how you can't disable voice to mute the annoying negative people - I am pretty sure that will come EA is going to adjust all the wrongs you're currently writing about.GANKING at a all time high - this will be gone as well and if you go into a private server and have a solid ADMIN, ganking will be non existant.FPS/LOADING/ODD graphic glitches are all going to be fixed and then fixed again - so if you're looking to buy this game, I say wait, but if you're reading the negative reviews and people crying about wanting a refund, ignore it. I've always said you should do immense research before buying ANYTHING when it comes to EA, it's like watching the construction workers building a house and you telling him you want a REFUND while they are in the process of building the home.lol."
76561198144000938,Recommended,529180,33691027,Posted: 21 July,all,Lucaception,"I truelly dont understand the negative responses on here.- Yes, everything was slow at start, most likely cuz everyone was hopping on the game as soon as it was released.- Yes public servers are dominated by punks that kill you upon loading in- Yes some quests are bugged, but hey, its EARLY ACCESS, do i really have to remind how much crap ARK was when it just came out as an early release????BUT- play solo, or local hosting or even when the private servers go up (as soon as they do), this game is awesome!- lots of ingame options, where it comes to pvp, pve, building, survival, so much to discover!- if you like ARK, you will love this game aswellAny veteran on early release survival games will see the beauty of this game, its potential and will enjoy playing it.And as we've seen on ARK, ill doubt this will be an early access which will be left as it is, they are still working on it, shaping it and improving it.If you cant appriciate early access, dont buy these type of games, period."
76561197998849939,Recommended,529180,33744494,Posted: 23 July,all,major pain,"Worth a Try!!!!Ok long story short, this is Ark at the core with heavy RPG aspects and honestly this game is alot harder than Ark. Being early access still i'm looking forward to what's to come, what is already in this game feels solid.Graphic:9/10, looks great and has some nice landscapes and Towns/Villages. Could use some foilage removal when placing objects.Performance:8/10, this game runs great. Other than the stutter on landing and long load times this game is way beyond most Early Access games.Gameplay:9/10,PVP: Love the idea for pvp here. Should be fun and less of a gorilla warfare, teamwork and strategies will matter.PVE: Again love this aswell, altho some of the enemies lack the AI to navigate some objects and terrain, this will be very interesting to see the setup and group dynamics for the harder mobs.Progression: So there seems to be a lot of progression even in Early Access which is great, and the leveling system is absolutely beautiful. No more grind one thing to lvl to max and unlock everything.Conclusion: DnL is absolutely beautiful and even in the EA stage of this game is amazing to play and although it does look like Ark it should not be compared to it.P.S. As long as the devs keep up on regular updates and bug fixes this game will be in most people's libraries and wishlists. so i'm looking at your devs, please don't lower your expectations and settle. also listen to your community."
76561198058598103,Recommended,529180,33733386,Posted: 22 July,all,Zero,"The negative reviews are rather funny, its like no one knows what Early Access really means. Two days into Early Access and the game has already seen two patches worth of bug fixes and optimizations. The game runs smoothly for me but i can see it giving older computers a bit of a hard time. The loading screen wait times have been improved but they could be improved a bit more however with that being something already worked on I'm rather optimistic that they can improve it more.EDITOk so it has had roughly one patch a day since it came out, which is pretty incredible. Alot of the major bugs are gone or being worked on.I actually think this game is far better than Citadel at the moment aside from a few points. One of which is the spell decay in this game, spells having durability is a rather interesting concept that I'm not sure I quite like yet. However they so far have seemed easy to repair. Citadel may look nice but its got far less actual content at least right now."
,Recommended,529180,33980360,Posted: 2 August,all,k. rogue,"I'm going to start this off by noting that several other reviews seem to feel an early access game should be complete. They shouldn't, and this game is not. This review is of the game in its current state and takes into account that this game is currently being built. Simply giving a game a negative review because it isn't as playable as you want does not help people who want to know more about a game. So on to the review and off my soapbox.DnL is a rework of a vaporware MMO and is being built on top of a familiar ARK groundwork. This is because DnL is owned by the ARK developers parent company. There are pros and cons to this. DnL is much further along than ARK was when it was released, but, there are some confusing settings (i.e. mention of dinos and tribes). The pros outweigh the cons in this situation since the developer can work on expanding the world and less time on recreating the wheel.It should be noted that within 20 minutes of buying the game I did refund it. Why? Well I wasn't too crazy about the graphics at first and wasn't immediately willing to give it a try. Well, I am glad I didn't let my impulses get the best of me. I watched a few videos and ended up buying a copy for myself and my survival game bro. We now have our own server and have nearly 200 hrs combined in the game (he plays much more than I can).In the games current state it does have some issues. There are tweaks that need to be made and there are flat out bugs that break some of the games features. However, no issue or bug makes the game unplayable to me. Some of these issues actually make the gameplay hilarious (with a few drinks) and help aide in our adventures. For example, the other day we decided to move our base and found a nice plot of land. We began work on our spikey walls and needed a massive amount of wood. Running through the forests chopping down every tree I could I came upon a goblin. Now, prior to the latest patch I could breath on these things and they would turn to mush. Apparently I missed the goblin buff and this guy knocked me the hell out, killed me, and took all my stuff. In what was meant to be a quick late night temporary fortress it turned into a chase across a river and into a gang of goblin buddies. My bro tried to come to my rescue, but, we were quickly overwhelmed. The tides have turned and goblins are running things now. 1-2 hits from their club lead to your doom. After changing our tactics (range spells) we were able to kill them off, but, not without losing our pride. Apparently pride isn't an item you can get back from a goblin treasure chest. This is just one story of the games current imbalances, but, if you keep your cool you can make the best of it. Oh, watch out for the reapers, skeles, griphons, and more than roam the noob area. Actually, theres not much of a noob area so grow some cojones before you play this game.Now, beyond the bugs there is an absolutely gorgeous game with a variety of environments and gorgeous cities. The world itself is not even finished but what is available today is huge. There are plenty of details in the map and I can't wait for the caves and dungeons they are adding. I am a huge fan of the skill system because it actually makes sense. Gaining knowledge of particular abilities or recipes comes by actually doing related tasks. If you want to make a wooden house you gather wood. Why would killing creatures and gaining levels give you the knowledge to build a house? It wouldn't and this game implements a system that makes sense.Over time I will add to this review but for now I am going to lay out the pros and cons of the game in its current state. Again, keep in mind the game just hit early access.Pros:- Beautiful environment- Fairly developed game code (Based off Ark)- Great skill system- Awesome combat attacks/animations unique to each weapon- Huge world (with more to come)Cons:- Bugs leaving some features (Crops for example) unusable- Issues with server code causing rubberbanding and unhittable creatures/resources- Wild/Tamed creature imbalances- Weak melee combat damage- Lack of ""noob"" areasSo, if you don't mind some feature breaking bugs, but, an otherwise fun and playable then DnL is for you. If you wanted a survival game with magic, dragons, factions, and more then DnL is for you. If you didn't, then just don't buy it."
,Recommended,529180,33699748,Posted: 21 July,all,therealshakur,"If you are one to base an opinion off the negative reviews you will be missing out on a good game. while there are some issues, it's to be expected in early access.loading: I somewhat agree it takes a little time, but nowhere near the constant loading of games like fallout and skyrim. this game takes 3-4 minutes to load up then there are no more loading screens and game runs great. so is that really bad? I think not.I played single player and while it was a little confusing at first, you get the hang of it pretty fast once you learn what materials come from what item/creature. I only ran into one issue and that was the quest to collect gold from a vendor, this is currently bugged and you can't finish it at this time.I have noticed a lot of negative comments towards graphics and FPS and crashing when changing settings. I didn't experience any of this. I played on epic @ 1080p and game seemed pretty smooth overall. I don't remember what my FPS was but it felt very smooth.a few things i didnt like in my short time of play:no hot keys for things like drop items, transfer items. just a lot of clicking.crafting requirements for items are very hard to see (this might have just been my TV but they could make this better)quests seem really random and even though you do something it doesn't count unless it's in this specific random order. hard to explain but would be nice to be able to manually select quests from the various groups.number of items on stacks is very hard to see on certain items due to colorI would like to see information when you hover over things like stats and various other things.Things I did like:smooth gameplayArk feel but very differentNPC'sQuestsRPG elementnot having to spend engram points, things auto unlocks as you level up.I will update as I play more, but so far I am very happy with Dark & Light."
76561198328698996,Recommended,529180,33702983,Posted: 21 July,all,Ember,"As with any early access game you kind of have to expect bugs. I myself was pretty excited to play this game and glad I got it. Its like ark in some ways and also like some other games but it has been rather fun so far and I look forward to them fixing the issues that pop up. Its also kinda nice to have some the little side quests to help you go about learning what to do rather than running around like a chicken with its head cut off like you do at the start of ark XD. Its also pretty cool to get to pick and customize your character more than what you do in ark, so all around id say the game is well on its way to being a good one. So all in all if you keep an open mind that its an early access game and can live with that I believe most will enjoy the game."
76561197968651710,Recommended,529180,33919683,Posted: 30 July,all,-M-PIMP,"Dark and Light is the experience that I wanted from ARK but never got, finally being the game that properly merges survival and fantasy genres. The game is tough and forces you to work hard to fight the environment, unlike a lot of survival games that have a negligible PvE experience resulting in rampant KoSing just to have fun. The skill system is much improved over ARK's, with no skill points to spend you can truly master everything if you put the time into it. The map is huge and beautiful, teeming with diverse fantasy wildlife.There are issues with the game. Namely, many people seem to be having serious performance issues. There is also some lag when harvesting resources which makes the game frustrating at times, like when you just want 1 wood but have to spend minutes waiting for the server to catch up. The game also suffers from the experience gap that ARK had where if you're a high level, you can just easily stomp over everyone lower than you due to having flying mounts, way better armor, and top-tier spells. Luckily, it seems like because of the difficulty of the game compared to other survivals, high level players are more willing to help you than hurt you. Overall, I highly recommend Dark and Light if you enjoy survival or fantasy games; it had a solid launch and is full of content, but still suffers from many of the problems that Early Access games tend to have (server lag, optimization)."
76561197975369919,Recommended,529180,33699595,Posted: 21 July,all,Rothsper,"Updated review after 300+ hrs playing.Server type:  Unoffical PvEARK in a high fantasy setting!Quite simply, this is ARK with some new mechanics (more is new that first meets the eye), improved graphics and character models, in a high fantasy setting.  I love it.If they develop this half as much as the orginal ARK it will be fantastic.  If they leave it in it's current state it will be a shame.  So far dev effort on update rollout has been excellent and reminicent of early Wildcard effort with ARK.The server / client communication lags sometimes, we see it most often when someone is logging in - of all the things that need work this is the big one.  Having said that, we find it quite playable on our private server - public offical servers may be different.Frame rate dips as you travel to a new region with assets loading in is bad, but once loaded in all areas seem to run ok.  But the drop when first arriving in a region is horrible and needs to be improved / eliminated.Other bugs, liked tamed animals disappearing randomly, seem to have been fixed.  Private PvE is very playable.  Down the road with further stability and game balance adjustments I am looking forward to open PvP servers - but at present it seems this is just asking for trouble."
,Recommended,529180,33757771,Posted: 23 July,all,SnowFyre,"Honestly the game is amazing, but the only thing that is keeping me from playing it more is that its not very well optimized. Once it becomes better optimized to the point where I can get above 25fps. Until then I shall sit and wait."
76561198058255675,Recommended,529180,33761074,Posted: 24 July,all,Iron Chef,"Buy only if you have EXTREME patience for long loading times and the occasional Early Access bugs.Devs are working on this, no doubt about that.Game feels like a more fantasy take on Ark but taming creatures is not the main aim.+Great Soundtrack+ Really nice landscapes,cities etc+Similar to Ark but with magic!-Looooong loading times.Very long-Lack of ingame map.Should be a priority"
76561198121362357,Not Recommended,529180,33683156,Posted: 20 July,all,Atrious,"Pros:-The idea behind this game was amazing, and this game may be able to reach it's full potential inthe future, but that day is FAR away.-The game's overall performance isn't great, but it's also not bad.-The animations and models are actually pretty good.There aren't many more good things that I can say about this game right now however.Cons:-The graphics are awful, nothing like the screenshots.-The gameplay is bland and feels virtually identical to ARK: Survival Evolved, and the fewnew mechanics that this game has (Magic, Factions, an actual Perk Tree, etc.) are just boringand don't feel like they've been fully fleshed out yet.-The menus, specifically the inventory and options menus, are practically just copy and pastedfrom ARK.-The controls are terrible, half of the actions weren't even bound to a key by default and thosethat were either didn't work at all or were impractical.-The character customization is really awkward due to the use WAY to many sliders.-There are three playable races in this game, humans, elves, and dwarves, these races areliterally nothing more than a saved preset however and they don't have anything other thanslight differences in appearance differentiating them.-Some of the models are just slight edits of creatures from ARK, including the dragon on themain ♥♥♥♥ing menu.Conclusion:This game is terrible at present which is suprising due to the fact that it's been in developmentfor several years.I was really hyped for this game, but I have been severely let down.Note:I am completely aware that Snail Games owns Studio Wildcard, butin my personal opinion, that does not justify practically remaking ARK."
,Recommended,529180,33795635,Posted: 25 July,all,drynn,"Lots of potential here.  It's fun even in the current unfinished state.The only issue I face is that I find myself playing other games because it takes more than 10 minutes for me to ""maybe"" get connected to a server.  I have a solid system and load this from a RAID 0 array, but it still takes far too long.*EDIT* 02-August-17:  The first few updates have done a TON for stability in this game.  It's coming along very nicely.  It should be noted that the ""Recommended"" spec for this game is 16GB of RAM, however Windows 10 will begin paging far before you reach this point.  If you want to run everything flat out, I'd recommend at least 24GB."
76561198000812335,Recommended,529180,33720826,Posted: 22 July,all,Acid Cat,"Early Access games are a gamble and if you're looking for something to sink hours into this isn't it. Your character will not be saved and random crashes will make even the most patient person question their decision on buying this game. I have pretty OK hardware and can run most games fairly well (World of Warcraft on max settings) but even running D&L was a challenge, even after fiddling with the settings for an hour. I suspest poor optimization, which should have been one of the first things an Early Access game should have down before even allowing people to play. Entering a server is a flip of the coin, sometimes you will get in, sometimes you won't. Either way you will waiting a good 10 minutes each time. Did I mention your character won't be saved? If you die that's it. Start again. When you log out your character is still in the game so unless you are somewhere safe or are well-hidden you will come back to the character creation screen and not even know what happened. Think long and hard before purchasing this game.Despite everything I've experienced it was an interesting game and I am glad I got to see what it was all about, even if I didn't stick around for very long. I will definitely check this title out in the future."
76561198109565005,Recommended,529180,33808197,Posted: 26 July,all,simshady,V good. Runs well. Crafting and survival easy to work out. enjoyed playing.GTX97016GB Rami5-2500k
76561198019251475,Not Recommended,529180,34148755,Posted: 10 August,all,GunsmithQ,"Sure this game is very similar to Ark Survival Evolved. For me, that is one of it's strengths. I also like that your character matters more than your mounts do, in most cases. I think Dark and Lights system of having do craft/harvest in order to unlock new skills is more rewarding than Ark's simply learning a new engram. I hope that future patch releases continue to build on this game's strenghts.With all that said, I still cannot recommend this game. I understand it is early access, but the game still has too many flaws. The biggest one for me is the exploiting/hacking done by the chinese and the lack of the developers ability/desire to do anything about it. The official server I was playing on went from a healty 25 or 30 people of various tribes and races on at any given time to 7 or 8 people. 6 of those people are the chinese who use exploits/hacks to destroy everyones base and kill all the vendors/guards in the player run towns so no new players want to play on the server.Then there is the map. It is a nice looking map, but full of holes in rocks that you and creatures fall through and get stuck in. There are the pockets everywhere that creatures get stuck in. In some areas you can see 8 to 10 creatures suck in the same pocket. Also, most of the late game resources are all clustered in just a few areas, which makes it very easy for an Alpha tribe to patrol those areas and deny a smaller tribe the ability to try a level playing field.The developers have said that they are trying to address some of these issues, but with no admins on the official servers to monitor things, I don't see it getting fixed anytime soon.I think this game has at least as much potential as Ark Survival Evolved, but my recomendation is that you wait a few more months before spending an money on this game.If you have your heart set on purchasing this game, then do yourself a favor. Find an unoffical server with admins who play regularly to monitor cheating. Don't waste your time on the offical servers."
76561198021993545,Not Recommended,529180,35219178,Posted: 26 September,all,Chatman`,"Huge potential in this one, sadly wasted - with this dev team.I know what state/current version the game is in, still a TON of things can go wrong in a split second and you are dead.I am not talking about normal deats, events whatever - but buggy game mechanics, getting stuck, clipping through and so on.FFS getting off a Griffin is hard nowadays, you might spend twice your stamina bar jumping just to get off of it.Or it gets stuck in a bush and a Panther lvl 0 can kill it because you can't do sh!t.Yeah, fun game - NOT!"
,Not Recommended,529180,35185465,Posted: 24 September,all,✪ Alshame97,you guys are making stupid updates that destroy this game
,Not Recommended,529180,34735765,Posted: 4 September,all,Kelanor,"Poor optimization, tiny servers with very few players. Would be better if they had just a couple of servers with much higher capacity."
76561198020280432,Not Recommended,529180,35112907,Posted: 21 September,all,Satin,"Where to even start with this game.It is a very fun game. But that is only until you (very quickly) run out of things to do. Obvioulsy it is early acess, so there is not much content yet, which is fine. However, they are very much living up to their name of Snail Games, with how slowly they do anything. There has been no fix to the fact that if you log off while your character is alive, you will most likely not be able to get back on. Or the fact that 2 people can glitch their way into your base by knocking the other out and standing on top of them. Or that they had an update that turned my entire metal base into thatch so that other players easily broke into it, killed and took everything, then left since I didn't have time to get on due to work. They still have not fixed the fact that NIdhogs, Centuars, Deer, and probably more (?) creatures don't eat kibble. And that the nidhogs instantly lose all 'wildness' when they touch a drop of food.This game also runs as well as a paralized slug. 5 fps is a joke. My pc gets 70 easily on most other games. They are the worst with keeping everyone aware of what tiny ammount of content they do plan on adding at any given point.They VERY clearly do not play their own game. There is no way they would think it is balanced or fun if they did. It takes 10+ real life hours for an elite beast to tranform to one of the sacred beasts, then you have to sit with it for another 5+ hours to tame. If you want it to go quicker, you could use 100 or more mystic kibble (1 kibble takes 10 minutes to make, and you can't que them, so every 10 minutes, for several hours, you need to que one. And lets not even talk about how big of pain in the♥♥♥♥♥it is to get all of the materials together) otherwise, you can use ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lower tier foods which make it go so much longer. But don't worry, rather than fixing any of this, they decided to release a cave 3 times. That would be fun and exciting to do if it were possible. You need at least legendary brimstone armor to not instantly freeze to death in there, but each creature can 2-shot you and then your armor will break. But don't worry, you can do about 5 dammage to them with each attack. Which is awesome since they have several hundred health.With how much they have clearly copied and pasted from ark, you would think that a lot of these issues would be obvious to fix. But no, they have chosen to only take the buggy and terrible parts of it, and not any of their fixes. I'm sick of hearing everyone excuse this skidmark of a game as early acess. It IS early acess, but it is also bad. I'm certain that the developers are a bunch of prepubescent monkeys that don't do anything to actually make this into a playable game. It was super fun, and an amazing idea, but the execution is a joke. Had so much potential wasted on devs that don't actually listen to their customers"
76561197976162117,Not Recommended,529180,33847598,Posted: 27 July,all,SaltyBurst,"Dark And Light is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ version of Conan Exiles and I HATE Conan Exiles.Buy this game if you ....1. Like getting picked from a bird and dropped knowing there is no parachutes in the game2. Want to see the SMALLEST city with NO vendors in a ""Capital"" survival game.3. Seeing your HIGH level tames (100+) animals die to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ level beasts (level 4 panthers)4. Like seeing yourself get confused and frustrated by the items that you craft because they mean one thing or another and whoever program this didn't understand how to convert to english.5. Knowing that you will live in a wood house for at least the first 40 hours of your game.6. Logging in everyday to realize you have been raided by a guy with an iron tool7. Grinding EVERY mat in the game seperately and requiring a lot to make just one item.8. Experiencing people...wait.....nope8. Understanding that everything is hostile. There are only 4 animals that wont immediatly attack you.9. Understand that you are only a wizard. Not a warrior or archer, but a LIGHTING wizard.10. Find the hidden swamp which is in directly the center of the map and can turn on your left click in order to collect thousands of random garbage you will throw out only to power level yourself.11. Plenty moreThis game in the start reminded me of Ark. New beasts, New Map, Ect. As time went on more and more the game feels like Conan Exiles except for the desert and the abiity to craft iron armour.This game needs so much work I will not be returning to it for another 5-6 months and then see where progress takes it."
,Not Recommended,529180,34513840,Posted: 26 August,all,Toki,by the time the loading time is over the refund time is already taken up
76561197965152925,Recommended,529180,33693653,Posted: 21 July,all,Aphrodites,"Has great potential and has a lot of fun game mechanics like house building, spell crafting, and beast taming. However you have to come into the game with an open mind because it's an early access game not a polished beta ready for public release. That should of been a given but a lot of people are complaining about glitches and optimization problems. Isn't that to be expected in an early access game? Regardless, Games pretty fun and addicting and magic looks cool  but the animations really really need some work. I hope the dev team has plans for changing  the mele and gathering  animations completely, I really think they can do better considering everything else thats great in the game."
76561198406215694,Recommended,529180,33693678,Posted: 21 July,all,Abysswalkers,"It is very much like Ark game, and i love it! i'am Ark big fans.this game still need more works to do with the bug etc, but have a great future!for EA, this game is a okaay for me."
,Not Recommended,529180,33910037,Posted: 30 July,all,FirstGenGamer,"At its current state I absolutely cannot recommend this game. Not only does this feel like a low-effort reskin of ark with a small fraction of the content but at present its just sloppy. Broken quests, a more excruciating grind fest, OP creatures that will wreck you and your base constantly but worst of all: the terrain. Omg what a mess. You sink into the ground and often cant even scale a 45 degree incline. Its terribly frustrating.  There is an underwhelming amount of magic (some of which doesnt even seem to work), AI is pretty ridiculous...the list goes on. I personally found the game more frustrating and underwhelming than anything that even resembles ""fun"".If you're considering this game, I would advise waiting for some substantial updates. Im personally going the route of requesting a refund. I dont need a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ark reskin in my library."
76561198031722101,Not Recommended,529180,34654478,Posted: 1 September,all,charliestubbs,"It is early access, I understand that.I have lost creatures, resources, bases, and all that, and I get it, it's early access, these things happen.But the developers put patches in that don't address the community concerns, don't fix the things they claim they fix, in fact drop large patches that just break everything, even things they don't mention. It's early access, I get it.But, when the developers break the game in a way that only costs their alpha testers (aka, early access purchasers) time, they don't provide a recourse, no way to continue being testers, no way to find bugs and provide feedback, aka, I'm just going to delete everything you've done b/c it's not a priority to keep you engaged.For example, summoning stones to bring back a tame that took 30h+ to grind, nope, it's bugged, we break it every patch. Client forces a reconnect on update, and forces steam to update you, nope, say goodbye to your tame, your gear, and anything you were doing, private, public, I don't care, I'm the developer, you paid me to test my stupidity.Straight up, this game is not 30% complete like they claim, it's about 10% complete, with textures and models, and nothing else. In 8 months with maybe some developers moving on from ARK it might be a real game, but for now, it's nothing more than amatures pretending to make a game, and breaking everything, even things they don't understand they're breaking.But here's the bonus, they have balanced the game 3 times now in 1.5 months, to ensure.....something.....you can't pvp, you can't tame, you will never interact with another player unless they're a griefer, you can't farm (literally growing weed) due to no documentation on wtf happens with fertalizer b/c the rules change every patch and fertilizer still disappears despite being expensive time-wise, you can't stay warm, you can't stay cold, you can't really find any top tier creature b/c the spawns are completely hosed, you get spawns underwater b/c apparently birds live underwater, you can pickup a yeti but can't pickup a goblin 1/10th its size b/c reasons,Like really, if you buy this now, your are going to spend 100h every month regrinding the stupid decisions they've made.They don't understand priorities, they don't understand community feedback, they are basically buidling something to rake as much money in from early access as possible, and then in a year will actually put real developers on the project.Congratulations, you've bought a lemon, this is the acidic burn that you feel in your gooch when you forget you slathered your underwear in hot sauce.Maybe in 1 year they'll have something I'll actually think is worth my time, but until then enjoy the horror of the afflicted.Wait, please dear god don't give them your money until they make something resembling a game."
,Not Recommended,529180,33829096,Posted: 27 July,all,binidj,"The game looks lovely, the concept is fascinating, and the gameplay/skill acquisition is something I haven't come across before in a game; it's very obviously early access but as long as you take that on board then it's great. What isn't great is the lack of true PvE servers and constant crashing on single player. So for PvE players like me literally the only option at the moment is to try to find or host a private server. Once they add PvE servers and fix the single player issues then I'd recommend it as an interesting experiment with a lot of potential for long-term play, until then unless you're into PvP I wouldn't recommend it."
,Recommended,529180,33686000,Posted: 20 July,all,KSA Relic,"Overall this game has great potential! The only complaint was the servers remain a little unstable for official, but running single player for now is acceptable given Conan Exiles had the same issues.Points people should remember:- It is EARLY ACCESS! This game is not complete, not even 50% complete. Give it time before you blast it's rating to the ground.- ARK, yes they are similar. Wild Card is owned by Snail Games! (since 2015)- Those complaining about lack of map should really take time to explore the spells fully, because that is where you find it.-Lots of typos in UI, yes, but again, a fixable mistake."
,Not Recommended,529180,34416986,Posted: 22 August,all,Doghead,"This game is literally a port of Ark before it was ""fixed"" and the devs have no clue what they're doing in the way of bug fixes. Fanboys will disagree but this game is pure scam it literally takes 10-15 minutes to load, looks average at best, is riddled with bugs, has no server administration and the community is already dying out. Go through the updates for this game for far and you'll plainly see the devs aren't up to it and many people realise this. These types of games play into the hands of gamers with addicitive/competitive personalities, and it's basically nothing more than an extremely shallow mmo rpg with far, far less player count, clunky tame/player movement and grindfest survival elements, taming often taking hours of waiting to complete.All the money that was made from ARK and the things that could have been learned this game had massive potential only to be wasted away because of another greedy money grab. Fanboys will claim otherwise but the developers own wildcard and clearly have massive elements copied and pasted over into DnL, code even still says ""dino"" in some places. In all honesty the game was probably made in a couple of months."
,Not Recommended,529180,34206985,Posted: 12 August,all,Onyx,Has potential but it's a pile of buggy crap atm.  Early alpha ok....but it's too early and I've spent too much time simply grinding only to lose everything every time for stupid reasons. I'll come back in a few patches time and see if it's worthwhile changing my review
76561198081724554,Not Recommended,529180,33692521,Posted: 21 July,all,Definitely not Hugo,"I truly enjoyed my time when I was actually playing the game. My account says 4 hours but 1 hour was in the loading screen waiting after one of the countless random crashes. The worst is when the game is finally done loading only to then crash for no reason whatsover. I would have recommended it if it wernt for the the terrible optimization... I think they should have released the game in a month or so after fixing the basic issues that stop players from actually being able to play. Kinda felt the same as with No mans sky, where the hype was too real in the forums only to then be crushed by loading screens and crashes. Sorry Snail games"
,Not Recommended,529180,33802274,Posted: 25 July,all,Cpt.Meho,"I really cannot recommend this game curently. Early Access gives a game some leeway in quality control and optimization but not to this extent.Cons:- The servers are unstable, difficult to get into, Early Access maintainence everyday to clear server caches or deploy a patch, sure. But being in game, and just flat out not being able to connect to servers or servers generally being different versions than clients for days at a time is a bit silly.- The performance is not good, and by not good I mean I have 2 RX480s and in crossfire with a Ryzen 1700 and the performance is not great on medium settings. Performance wouldn't be as much an issue if the control response and connection response wasn't directly affected by it. Whatever is resolving client-server missmatches needs some love badly. As it stands even with a decent computer the controls and animations are going to feel really floaty.- There are no guides or help for anything, once you are in the game. Again not a huge problem when you are in EA, I don't expect lengthy tutorials or fleshed out VO. But I couldn't even find a list of common commands or how tos on simple core mechanics like sleep, or making a jug for water. Giving players a quick guide on how to handle their basic living in game shouldn't be a lot to ask for and should have been a staple before going into Early Access for a company like Snail.- There doesn't seem to be much of a faction system, or any NPC factions/features to speak of. The game seems to be another ""MMO"" type game sandbox with no actual toys to play with, in it, just sand. I think that's really what seals the ""No"" from me. Sandbox does not have to mean a desert with resources and some blocks to build, if I wanted that I would just save the money and play minecraft with pretty mods on or play Wurm: Online.- Currently you can exchange resources for coin, but there is no limit or market value adjustment of any items or resources, this has mudflation written all over it, and goes to show that in the years this game has been in development there hasn't been strong thought into the economic model.Pros:- The game has lots of potential assuming someone wants to spend the time reworking some of the systems currently in the game and add some features.- The graphics are relatively pretty.- There are a lot of recipies to exeperiment with in the game.- The wilds and city dwelling are treated as equal aspects of the game with similar opportunities (early on at least).- Lots of varrying vistas and town appearances.- Good starting objectives/goals (perhaps a bit brief)A reccomend from me would require the game to be fun to play right now, and that someone could jump in and not get quickly frustrated, and it just isn't. That may change in the future, but that lack of a text commands or a quick how to for basic survival like sleeping or drinking, in the game without needing to delve into the dark recesses of the internet is a bit of a let down, compiling that with the prohibitive requirements and I just cannot recommend investing in this Early Access right now."
76561198074999233,Not Recommended,529180,33964373,Posted: 1 August,all,yimmytadesky,Great game with promise however offline raiding which plagues the genre destroys this game as well..  The house seals and other mechanics that are for defense..  either do not work or are a joke..  you will literarlly do nothing with your time but chop down trees to burn charcol and build a house for hours and and hours and hours for it to be for nothing..  If you like punching yourself in the groin..  Purchase today
,Recommended,529180,33866785,Posted: 28 July,all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"It's Ark, but fantasy instead of scifi. Like Skyrim compared to Fallout."
,Not Recommended,529180,33960826,Posted: 1 August,all,StShigame,"This will be a short Review since I just want to get a quick point across.This game has promise, I have been waiting for a true fantasy/magic RPG Survival Sanbox game for quite a while and I can see this do alright. Aside from the excessive grasping at Ark's mediocre GUI there is much to love in this game.However, I cannot get over the insane lack of optimization, this game clunks harder than Ark, suprisingly I haven't had many bugs, maybe a collision issue here and there, but this game is such a CPU hog it is practically unplayable for me. Granted, I still have an i5 and plan on upgrading soon, but still. 20 fps period when my GPU is not even hitting 60% is just bad.That said, I like this game and I want to play it. I will wait until they improve the optimization or getting a top of the line CPU makes it (barely) worth it.Note to Devs: Please work on making your games more accessible to a larger diversity of players. That is how games that have simple art styles thrive.Try this game at your own risk or if you have a much better CPU than I. It may be great one day, but it has a long way to go."
,Not Recommended,529180,33925602,Posted: 31 July,all,Nikout,"This game provides you many ways to develop yourself into anything you want in a harsh, fantasy world of 3 factions fighting each other, while also trying to survive the wilderness in a hardcore way like in any survival sandbox game, but with an MMORPG mix? This is something new and way more stressful if you are playing on official servers.There is so much freedom in this game that you can be anyone you want, if you want to be a cold-heart killer, go and kill vendors in your city andthey will never respawn(as of current state). This cripples the need of gold spending, but does not make the game any different because you will eventually get enough experience points in few knowledge trees to get the tools made quickly.The more I play this game, the more I realize that Sandbox Survival MMO games are essentially a game that let you play in a giant painted picture. I've got to give a lot of credit to art directors, the world is absolutely beautiful. I have been amazed by the looks of certain locations such as the giant trees with wooden hanging bridges above the mushroom swamps, misty swamps with an abandoned graveyard and cathedral in the middle of it that you can barely notice until you come closer through the thickest mist you will ever see. A giant island with a dead dragon skeleton is astonishing especially with a land formed around it, not to mention snowy mountains, small place to explore but the storms and freezing mountains make it feel real.What we lack the most in such games are proper engineering work, so you could maintain such a vast, huge world smoothly, but that I mean that the performance does not seem good. UE4 is known to have memory leaks in games that have giant worlds at once, one screw up of a software engineer can make a game unplayable for you when you leave one section of a map and enter another. If you fly on a vulture, expect to have a massive FPS drop to a singular digit when you fly long term, period.Speaking of vultures, there are many creatures you can encounter to kill them for resources (you monster), look at their cute faces and get gnashed by a panther from nearby. Just imagine a world full of beasties, now accept the fact that you can tame them. It is a purpose of utility, what are you going to do with them, and how you are going to use them. Sheep can be a great farming hoard that can help you get wool (actually called Fur in the game) if you give them grass and leave them to ""craft"" it. You can tame giant scaley lizards that have a strength of a Godzilla to smash stones with just their jaws, horns and a tippy-toe that give you a lot of resources, a moving combine, it feels great to smash everything until you realize you have deforestated the whole continent and you start feeling very exposed and lonely. But not to worry, yourt buddy got you a lifetime of supplies! Also don't forget you can travel further to tame more creatures, even bigger, like frost dragons! Also you will see elementals of each element in nature, and you can summon them to build your army too.I did not expect to hear a big playlist of originally composed soundtracks for this game, it feels special. Tracks on certain parts of Sacred Path give you feel that you entered a giant world of tranquility, danger and... You be the judge.I do not recommend this game as a full-time purpose entertainment. This is far from finished, we are talking about 30% finished, so it means expect a lot of frustrations in a technical field of your character/mount getting stuck among the rocks. Economy system is very pointless since anyone can come over and kill a vendor to not let you buy anything at start that would make the game way more enjoyable. Dungeons and caves are locked in the meantime without an actual ETA when they start, and that is where you should think about whether you would like to try out the gamne, or watch somebody else play it to keep on track of things. Please do me a favor, and do not play it on a public server way too much, you will lose stuff, and its a part of the game, it is a frustrating part of the game, very risky moments will be there."
76561198160442761,Not Recommended,529180,33959725,Posted: 1 August,all,Khaibh,"Game mechanics themselves are great. I dont think anyone should have any major gripes about those. I do have one concern however....Its pretty much unplayable.Getting 2 FPS on a private game and cant even open the interface to a public one, not that the public servers crash any less that twice a day from what I hear anyways.....I love the game and its concept so much but it is the laggiest game I have ever played. I say this because I play Witcher 3 and Overwatch on max graphics with 70+ fps all the time.... Though considering it basically is an ARK reskin i shouldnt be suprised. Wait until this game has seen some changes. I can only forsee it's current state improving."
,Recommended,529180,33679295,Posted: 20 July,all,Alpha,Game is great one of the first RPG Survival games between this and Citidal I would choose this. There are going to be a lot negative reviews for this one since a lot of people see it as an Ark rip off. Try it for yourself its great!
,Recommended,529180,34024791,Posted: 4 August,all,CodyN11,I believe this game has great potential but currently it has many issues especially the 10 or so min loading time which is outrageous and bugs obviously and the min req are pretty ridicoulous aswell
76561197985336264,Recommended,529180,33926499,Posted: 31 July,all,Thedarkelf,The game is great lots of fun and this is a nice fantasy survival game and better then ark in my opinion
76561197993210359,Recommended,529180,33952128,Posted: 1 August,all,Bobert,"In a world where people continually invest $60 to purchase the latest reskinned edition of Call of Duty where you still are incapable of opening a door comes Dark and Light.A fun, yet at some times frustrating (due to the typical EA qwerks) game with an abundance of survival elements and interesting PVP encounters to be had.It really irks me that people are as devoted to this titles downfall as they are. Honestly the game can be rough, it has long load screens and the occasional FPS drop but overall the game is filled with potential and even in its current state can be filled with fun open.  Do yourself a favor and give it a try.Disclaimer: in my experience the game picks up a lot after about two hours invested. This is somewhat problematic as most members of the steam community only spend 10-30 minutes on the game before usually taking to the review section. I don't necessarily blame them as the refund policy is no longer available after that timeframe but as a result you will see a lot of one-sided opinions."
76561198404334704,Recommended,529180,33926373,Posted: 31 July,all,edgarallenp00,fun
,Recommended,529180,34078617,Posted: 7 August,all,vXCorleoneXv,Dark and light my 1st review.Other than PUBG I haven’t played any other type of survival game. PUBG isn’t necessarily a survival game either. I played the forest for under an hour so I can’t base my experience off that game.  I understand that this is utilizing the ARK engine so I can imagine they are similar games and from what I was told by friends who played ARK is that the game was “buggy” and needed a lot of work. That being said I bought Dark and Light in early access to show my support to the developers UNDERSTANDING key word that the game may have issues. I haven’t come across any game breaking bugs or bugs that I can’t tolerate thus far. I’ve been raided lost my prized mounts before I owned a soul stone and died more times than ide like to admit. You know what… I wouldn’t have it any other way!This game is in EA and from what I’ve played thus far I can’t stop playing. I have the patients to tolerate a few frame drops and poor hit detection so those issues don’t bother me. I would recommend this game as a newbie to survival genre I’m glad this is my 1st survival game.
76561198161737141,Recommended,529180,34110271,Posted: 8 August,all,Captain_omg,It's a good game but it crashes often and has big lag spikes often.
,Recommended,529180,34761287,Posted: 5 September,all,thisisdaphne,"It's nice but so far it lags a lot and loads really long. Sometimes, the road disappears too. I'm assuming that we're allowed to enter any region server regardless of our region(?) but i tried entering the europe one and it kicked me out multiple times so I gave up. Some of the monsters were kinda overpowered, or it means that i'm too underleveled. I find it a little difficult to level up quick to be able to venture out of town to start defeating monsters. But we need to get out of town to level up. It's a loop :/ Although there're all these problems, I still like the game and I hope to see it much better when early access ends. I'm still a beginner to games and their mechanics or stuff so I'm hoping what I said is of any help to the developing team :)"
76561198160939155,Recommended,529180,33825224,Posted: 26 July,all,damian.,having fun playing it
76561197991407635,Recommended,529180,34462352,Posted: 24 August,all,ECTOPLASIM,"Ok 260 hours in and I'm addicted, I play on server EuKnight-32 and although for a PvP server it has a low population I have found the players to be helpful and informative.This game is often compared to Ark and yes, I would agree there are many similarities with Ark but the style of this game is much more in line with my tastes. The variety of spells to cast and different melee combat weapons to use will satisfy most PvP players, this coupled with a vast array of animals/creatures which once tamed can also be used for PvP/raiding.I was impressed with the interactions between animals as they fight to survive and the ecosystems created from these interactions, the creatures will try to defend their kin if attacked and this action of working together allows them to defeat stronger creatures. Every creature in the game in tameable with the exception being rabbits and all creatures are ridable except for sheep (Some may find this upsetting as the riding of sheep has been a time-honoured practice for some dysfunctional individuals for years) :)You start the game at level 1 and through hard work eventually progressing to level 60, with each level you gain points to allocate to your character as you see fit. Attributes include Health, Stamina, Attack dmg, Mana, Weight, Focus, Constitution, Hunger and Thirst. This customisation means you can build your character how you want to and if you’re not happy with the results you can craft a potion to reset them.This game is can be hard work . . .  If you want the best creatures in the game you will need to get into farming which includes laying irrigation systems to water your crops and the production of fertiliser but by putting in this effort epic creatures such as dragons and crystalline beast are at your fingertips and you will be the envy of other players.Being an early access game there are some bugs but none of them are game breaking and with a bit of brain power these can all be overcome, although I haven’t dealt with support team directly I have been told they are excellent and deal with any issues extremely fast.They patch the game every few days and with each update things just keep getting better, the amount of content already available is huge and I expect the already large variety of creature types to increase soon.The building part of the game is also good with a large amount of building parts (with multiply tiers) which will allow for unique base designs that either look amazing or all super strong (raid defence) or both.If you like survival games that keep it real and raw within the theme then this game is for you, there are no guns, no c4 and no tanks (The rust devs could learn a thing or two here).A meal out could cost £20 and I wouldn’t get a 260-hour + experience out of it unless I got food poisoning so in my opinion it’s worth it."
76561198043053426,Recommended,529180,33813098,Posted: 26 July,all,Dastrum,"What I always wanted from Ark. As much as I tried I could never really get into the dino themed Ark it just wasn't a theme I enjoyed. Dark and Light is exactly what I always wanted in a survival game. It's more solo friendly, swords and sorcery, varied fantasy enemies and locations. Don't get me wrong it has a long way to go but I do find it fun and am excited for the future of the game."
76561198280419577,Recommended,529180,33813131,Posted: 26 July,all,Siobhalla,"This game is addictive! Although the harvesting mechanics mimic Ark SE, the look of the game is completely different.  For EA this game plays great. Slightly laggy harvesting and on killing mobs with the sword, I have not gotten D/C'd and ave 50-60 fps with the 1080ti. Very enjoyable so far, I look forward to seeing the games progression."
76561197972974270,Recommended,529180,33813649,Posted: 26 July,all,Styxx42,"I highly recomment this game for anyone that played Ark  and found enjoyment in it and wants fantasty gaming with skill and stat progression.Building and survival.Already alot of content and creatures.NPCs are in the game  MOre as place holders but they are there..Three races to startGreat character creator.Create your own server or join the online community.Home server is the way to go IMO.Hoping tha the modding support is as good or better then Ark.It is early access.But it is with the 27 dollars I paid for it already.If you want what I feel can be the next Never Winter Nights game.This is could very well be it.It needs alot more work.It needs a good NPC scripting and mission system.Like Never winter Nights or Arma.All the community to build the missions.Modding support is a wait and see.I did see a reference to paid skins DLC so that IMIO is not the way to go.We can colour our own shirts red blue green and what have you.Be warned.Just like Ark.If you mom or dad use the computer during the day and you play on it at night this game is not for you.You need a REAL gaming system.My system is 7 years old. I7 OC to 4 Ghz, 16 gigs Ram, GTX 770 running on ssds.It runs great.But this is using my home Server as the host.  SO the work load is shared.I have high hopes for the game.One last thing is the forums being so new are pretty thin.Not enough in them right now."
76561198053715878,Recommended,529180,33816689,Posted: 26 July,all,pignest15,"I like the whole concept the game and that every thing I like is possible sofar I played in the game, they have a easy system and im happy with the game, but just recently something went wrong, I have a problem with a quest. It says to gain 100 coins from the market, and i sold about stuff for 250 coins to different people but none it takes for the quest. fix please"
,Recommended,529180,33837648,Posted: 27 July,all,KurT!sY oF Sh!Fu,"As an rpg survival game it's pretty cool. considering the fact of the good animation of sheathing your weapon is well, really excellent. funny part is picking up stone. now when i harvest from bushes, i recieve stone as well. shouldn't stone be recieved on the ground like any normal survival game?( A.R.K survival doesn't pick up stone from bushes)the game graphics and detail is not that bad. If i had to judge the game i would have given it a 10, if only it runs properly. As soon as i ran the game for the first time, it took a while to load. understandable cause it's the first time I ran the game, however when i exited the game from the main menu. it suddenly froze my system to the point where i had to force shut down my laptop(msi ge62vr 7rf apache pro i7 processor). now it couldn't be because of my specs because i seem to be having good specs on this newly bought laptop. but that's not the only problem, the game crashed again in between while i was playing. luckily i was able to ctrl,alt,del this time only to find that the unreal engine crashed with a fatal error. i would gladly send you the picture and urge you to solve these problems as i know that you've only mentioned that it's on early access and I as a gamer only wish to help you achieve the games potential that i am seeing. I would recommend this game to my friend and family member who play survival games. Best only if the problems are solved"
76561198060129353,Recommended,529180,33849759,Posted: 27 July,all,Cloud21ish,I've saw people play this game tried to play it for myself and couldnt play it very well but what i did play of it was amazing
,Recommended,529180,33828301,Posted: 27 July,all,Alastor,The Game Is Beautiful!i would Recommend to Try it!
76561198307579447,Recommended,529180,33882132,Posted: 29 July,all,thebeast1387,other than melee it runs better than ark and its just 30% of the game 3 updates the frist 3 days to boot the devs keep this up game will be amazing when it launches
76561198106513317,Recommended,529180,33890082,Posted: 29 July,all,summerkaymike,Ignore comparisons to Ark this game has promise and negative comments from Ark are just stupid and unhelpfull this game is only like are in looks if anything.Also if you have issues with graphics glitches try running in windowed borderless.
76561198042273742,Recommended,529180,33864431,Posted: 28 July,all,Shaex,"This game is definitely in EA, and there are clear things that need to be changed, but the game iteslf is solid, and even in its current state, is enjoyable. Very reminiscent of early-days ARK. Official servers are pretty laggy, I would reccomend playing in single player, or on a private server until they get some more work done. Good graphics, fun mechanics, it's worth the money if you like open-world sandbox type games."
76561198203496392,Recommended,529180,33869465,Posted: 28 July,all,AssassinKea,Great game 10/10
76561198081471811,Recommended,529180,33869026,Posted: 28 July,all,123,"This game is pretty fun, i understand that it's a bit buggy right now but, it's in Early Access and as it stands, i have high hopes for this game come full release!"
76561197997318842,Recommended,529180,33870439,Posted: 28 July,all,2Morrow,"Started new game, enjoyed the likeness of Ark but not Ark. Grinding sucks, spent hours collecting and building and getting skills high enough to build a small house. Tamed a sheep and stag, My teammate was gone, i come into the server to Lvl. 52 Dark Wraith destroying house and all things in it about 800 feet from main city. RIP, 10/10 Monster Spawns are OP, would grind for a one level house again."
76561197970619404,Recommended,529180,33892234,Posted: 29 July,all,Tozen,"Yes, this game has Ark-like building but I would not call it a clone. It is a solid building mechanic and I won't knock that. The combat in this is nothing amazing, but well-paced and effective. The magic system is decent, allowing an equipped offensive spell as well as stacks of 1-shot rune castings for support spells. The beasts are typical fantasy monsters, well modelled and identifiable.This game, current (as it is in alpha), has some shortcomings at the moment. The quest system (aka tutorial system) freezes, ceasing all ""progress"" after the 10th quest or so. NPCs are quite ""hollow"" at the moment as well. Signs and helpful information is pretty much non-existent so the tutorial quests are your only real guide. Finally, there are very few ""driving goals"" to make a character do anything more than just survive at the moment (which can be pretty easy if you stay near town). I played this solo so I did not have to deal with unexpected player behavior... I hate people anyway.... so I have no comment on servers or that aspect.Despite those failings, I can see HUGE potential in this game for fantasy-game lovers. Having only scratched the surface, I am quite pleased with getting this game. I would caution people from getting it early and expecting perfection, but I would say keep an eye on it and snag it when it looks like the polish is starting to shine."
76561198067953237,Recommended,529180,33797189,Posted: 25 July,all,Shadowfang512,Reminds me alot of ark and i played 2k hours of it so im going to have fun
,Recommended,529180,33811874,Posted: 26 July,all,Smoteh,"Look Let me get this straight, Im an Ark player but ive got to admit, this game is much better than ark, i only played ark because i love grinding and survival games. I used to be a big Grinder on my old steam account.The game does use the same engine as ark and true it does use some of the same assets i have notice it but to call it an Ark 2.0 is not right. Firstly the game concept and idea was before ark, the game actually released in 2006. I have played the game for around 20 hours, all 20 ive have explored, built, tamed and killed. the map is much different to the ark in many ways, up north have more cliffs and mountains ok that is alot like ark. Alot of Creatures spawn far away from the cities.The game has similar ideas , such as the drops in ark, this game has meteors which gives the players equipment. another is the equipment you get ever level, in ark they are called engrams but in DnL you achive this equpment my harvesting , making or killing or taming. Such as to get the lightning spell you must kill air creatures or craft magic runes from air magic. Anothe example is through taming, u can tame any time but u must either harvest dead corpses to get hide or tame creatures to get the saddles.I have watched youtubers like nooblets, he did do a review on the game but the problem was that he did rush the review, he wanted to get the money back from the game and didnt look into the key aspects of the game. im not hating believe me i do watch nooblets videos.Probably the best youtuber to watch for this is H.O.D Gaming and do watch his twitch because he is playing this game quite a bit.My point of view is that if u like survival games you will like this game and if you like ark you will like this game and skyrim. Yes it does run on the same engine as ark but alot of games do like PES and metal Gear solid has run on the same engine.-SmotehSorry for my spelling mistakes"
76561198359995730,Recommended,529180,33743833,Posted: 23 July,all,ichi.the.one,AMAZING!!!Pros-Fun Survival Sand-Box GameTHERE IS EVEN MORE TO COME (only 30% complete)Potential to become an RPG with progression similar to Dark Souls / Skyrim (please make this happen Snail Games)Most people in the community are funCons-Some bugs (its early access)Some annoying players (don't worry there are only a few)Snail Games is not clear about their intentions
76561198000616003,Recommended,529180,33865104,Posted: 28 July,all,nate.logee,"I like what I've seen so far.  It's similar to other sandbox games like Ark or Conan Exiles, but with a fantasy theme.  Music is greatCurrently, however, the game takes for eeeeeever to load and it crashes frequently.  Might need to wait for a later build or have better luck than me."
76561198126304444,Recommended,529180,33883665,Posted: 29 July,all,capt caveman,So where to beginyes this game is early access. But so was ark and look at it now. This game is very much a solid foundation to start with and yes there are bugs but again EA. I have 10 hours in the game so far and in happy with how it plays. and i belive it will only get better. there are alot worse games out there you could buy.
76561198244862930,Recommended,529180,33891684,Posted: 29 July,all,FenixOrion,"Game is in early acces so expect lots of bugs and bad optimization, I am running it with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ processor a10 7870k not the best for games but for starters like me its ok. Its not a typicall survival game if you attack a creature and u are in your base or on the top the creature will try to open a nice hole in your base so its not like h1z1 where you can open fire in ur safety place, lots of chinese be aware I hope they set a lock IP for servers or something to prevent those hoarders to get into ur base with no problems, people is very nice even in PVP they respect ur base if you are nice and not a troll, people asking questions in global chat, so you can help them, Ive used it plenty of times, the mechanics of the game are good so you will have lots of stuff to do, I just worry about the ""Survival factor"" is kind of way too fast to eat every 10 minutes or less definetly if you can drag some folks with you the game become awesome due that u can build bigger and better and for taming and farming is way better, dammage and spells looks nice I am running it at 40-50 fps."
,Recommended,529180,33885417,Posted: 29 July,all,iPheed,"Fun game, lots of bugs (Early Access).+musicgfxbuilding stuff is fun-BuggyAnimationsCombat needs to be worked onAll in all - a lot of potential here but needs work"
76561197999529133,Recommended,529180,33879776,Posted: 29 July,all,bwf1975,"What a wonderful game, so much potential for such a new release.Before you say it yes performance, despite trolls is very poor even on well specced systems, but with tinkering is livable and will undoubtedly improve as patches happen.Everything from the leveling system to the crafting mechanics are well thought out, and a big improvment on ark and feels more natural also.The world itself is a marvel of landscape design, it just begs to be explored, and is full of dangers at every corner.This is an early access so bugs, performance issues are expected but have not found any that are gamebreaking, or so annoying that i'd ragequit.If you like sandbox survival games, and don't mind bugs, and performance issues till they are fixed, then is a gem in the making and can see this being more popular than ark, due to the fanasty theme that gives this game so much more scope than ark can offer."
76561198079991214,Recommended,529180,33863158,Posted: 28 July,all,Duffyy___,Pretty good even though it just came out recently. The game is fun but the skill system needs some sort of way to be multiplied
76561198047555649,Recommended,529180,33863678,Posted: 28 July,all,[BDF] TheWarden,It has an immense amount of potential. Fantasy ark which is good news for fantasy fans who have yet to have a decent survival game in the genre.
76561198020203530,Recommended,529180,33772708,Posted: 24 July,all,Proffessor,"I feel like if Ark and conan had a baby, this would be it. still alot to get done and early in its process. i think this game will be great."
,Recommended,529180,33774323,Posted: 24 July,all,BITbOY,"When browsing steam for a newgame to play i stumbled upon a game called Dark And Light, i took a look at the store page and saw the screenshots. My immediate thought was, oh an ARK rip off, but i looked deeper into it, realised that its not at all a rip off of ARK, sure it has the same core mechanics and uses some ARK assets, but thats all in good reason.Ignore all the hate comments, this game is fun, beautiful and easy to get lost in."
,Recommended,529180,33768101,Posted: 24 July,all,Mr C,My Day 1 (2hrs game play) initial take on the game. You'll find a lot of Ark references and the reason behind that is the game plays a lot like ark in many aspects but thought out and executed.Beautiful GameCharacter Creation is a step above Ark (lots of adjustments)Similar to Ark Survival Evolved (better thought out in my opinion)Menus flow (can't wait till they add more shortcut keys to replace manual clicking)If you like participating in early access then this game is a fun one if your an Ark fan.Early Access so if you have bug/glitches/etc. issues with playing early access games then don't download this game as of today. Not really fair to give any cons as it's early access and so many things will change I'm sure.
,Recommended,529180,33767927,Posted: 24 July,all,Darius Ren,"This is a pretty good game, although it has some bugs and lag issues, it's early access. It was like Ark Survival Evolved was released for early access. Just have to be patient as they optimize, patching, and fixing bugs. They seem to update things pretty regularly.Seen a lot of people saying it's a rip of Ark Survival Evolved and complaining that stole assets/etc from Ark. Snailgames OWN wildcard, bought them around december 2015. So Snailgames have access and control of any engines/etc.Despite that, the two games are ENTIRELY different, there's a unique leveling system and how to get engrams to make stuff.Pros:-Unique leveling system-Questing-RPG like atmosphere-Lots of AdventuresCons:-Bugs [Early Access]-Lag [Early Access]-Reapers, they be OP."
76561198069300644,Recommended,529180,34573152,Posted: 29 August,all,SneakHayabusa,"Gotta say this at the beginning but I love this game. I do not regret any time I've put into it except of course to griefers but that's kinda what you get when you buy into the online survival game genre.Dark and Light from the beginning is a fun game. it runs fairly smoothly(better as the optimization patches come out) and is in a much better state at launch than ARK was. It does take quite a long time to load into the game, though, so find some YouTube videos while you wait. Try avoiding Official servers is my suggestion because it seems a good amount are ""infested with Chinese"" that just grief, glitch, and troll everyone which ruins the experience.I almost steered away from this game on the first server I joined because 3 high-levels decided to camp the starter town and kill players as they would respawn, but I found a better server where there were less griefers and I sunk a ton of time into there. Eventually got tired of some of the ""problem-child"" users in that server and quit that one too for now, finally setting up my own server and it is so much better being on a small server with friends than 90+ players that like to make you waste days of your life for nothing.Pros:- Dark and Light is pretty easy to get into. There isn't any steep learning curve and generally asking in chat will net you the answers you're looking for.- The game runs ""fairly"" smoothly atm. Definitely a better launch than ARK and Conan is you ask me.- Graphics are amazing. The game looks very good and the fantasy setting really makes this game more enjoyable.- Tames are all cool and well made but are not the source of your combat strength. The main power is you, the player, who has access to a wide range of combat methods from melee, ranged, and spells.- Building, while I would love if there was no-clip like in Conan, is still pretty solid, just like early-ARK. The manor pieces look great, though and being able to build a real castle without mods is niceCons:- Desync. Lots and lots of desync. If you are on a populated server, you will have a hard time with anything in regards to melee. Harvesting trees, getting hide off corpses, killing players and creatures. It's not the hitboxes which a lot of people complain about and don't know what they're talking about. Hitboxes are fine, but the servers can't keep up the more players you add.- The load times. It takes about 10-20min just to loadup for the first time you launch the game(each session). Once you're in the game, the world-tiles also take a long time to load, especially in the plains.- Memory leaks. I've had my memory usage go from around 4-5GB and aftera few hours, it's at around 9-10GB.- Bad gathering/taming times on Official rates. It just takes way too long to get anywhere on official unless you have at least 3 people online at any time in your house.- Poor translations/naming errors, and minor bugs in general. The most annoying being that you can't hide the currently buggy quest tracker.Currently, there are some rough issues, but they aren't gamebreaking(unless you want to be a melee fighter on a populated PvP server). The game is still very fun and I just enjoy every bit of time I put into it. I can easily recommend this game if you love to build/tame. If you enjoy PvP, your best bet is to use magic atm until the desync issues are smoothed out."
,Recommended,529180,34280739,Posted: 16 August,all,Lobo,"As far as early access survival games go, I do enjoy this game quite a bit, it had a very rocky launch but so did games like ark: survival evolved. It has a fun combination of base building, resource gathering and pve elements that I personally enjoy. PVP is avaliable but I do not find myslef to enjoy that aspect in most survival games anyway.If you are looking for something to sink some time into and enjoy a bit of a challange and have the pantients to learn the game mechanics, then this game is probably worth checking out.7/10 would recommend to fans of early access titles."
76561198345989770,Recommended,529180,33900890,Posted: 30 July,all,Stellablu,"Massive world. MASSIVE!!! For early acces theres some things to do (was expecting less). When you die you/r stuff may be gone but you charater stays; whatever level you were,  and you keep the crafting instructions you earned. Needs some missions and a story.Pretty cool though. Would give it five stars for the world alone."
76561198239608158,Recommended,529180,33728620,Posted: 22 July,all,LadyTigerEye,"I recommend this game.Technically it is based on Ark, the game experience is something between fantasy RPG an Ark. The official servers are PvP, but not really frustrating because you keep your level and skill progress when dying and just may lose some items/pets.Personally I do not find this game as immersive as Ark, but that can be a good thing. (Too immersive can mean too stark an experience on the long run... xD )It is an early access so one cannot expect a perfectly running game without any bugs. But I think it is playable, there are no bugs that totally crash the game experience and I think the devs do address issues as soon as possible.I really cannot understand all the negative reviews. I mean, you know that there will be bugs when playing an early access game on the 1st/2nd day....^^ One can hardly complain about that. This game will improve a lot over the next months I think. For me it's already a lot of fun! :)"
,Recommended,529180,34054552,Posted: 6 August,all,Gonk,"Do you love all things Fantasy?Did you play Ark and like it?If yes to both then you'll hella love this game like I do  :)I'm very happy whoever decided to create this game cause it's the kind of Fantasy game I've always wanted and dreamed of and now it's here, support this game for it will be huge when it finishes.For a game in Early Access and is only 30% complete I'm amazed cuz it doesn't feel that way since there's so much to do and see and learn.Also Tamings more fun and exciting then Arks.Don't buy this game if you're expecting bug free lag free perfect complete game experience becuase it's not, they're still adding and fixing the game, buy it if you want to support the game.If you have any questions please reply to me and I'll answer asap."
76561198044410553,Recommended,529180,34067624,Posted: 6 August,all,IntruderXero,"Dark and Light is a fairly new survival game that many compare to ARK in the sense that the game mechanics are fairly similar. Gathering, and crafting is  difficult in online servers solely because of the ""lag"" due to the strain on the servers. We must remember that Dark and Light is anEarly Access Gameso it is normal to encounter a bug here and there, but I have yet to encounter any game breaking bugs. My only complaint is the time that it takes to connect to online servers. The game doesn't punish or make it harder for new players to jump into the game and start playing."
76561198136671120,Recommended,529180,33984936,Posted: 2 August,all,D.S.Atoday,"-Logged on had fun, found a few things that needed work--Mentioned it in chat- (saying some resources was buggy and the fast travel  option could be better)-Got attacked by a server full of butt hurt fan boys- (like, really butt hurt.)-Got banned by admin for having an opinion- (literally only meantioned the resource bug and hopes for a better fast travel)-Rinse repeat through serveral servers--Stopped mentioning bugs and other thoughts--Stopped trying to have a civil conversation with cancerious community--2017 opinions are bad--Best purchase ever- (good game, some bugs but it's EA so)"
76561198072022352,Recommended,529180,33876643,Posted: 29 July,all,The First Fallen,"what's not to like, Ark mixed with lord of the rings 2 of my favourite things, a pure joy to play full of bugs but a developer that seems to be focusing on them rather than adding new content, my new favourite game 10-10."
76561198131166204,Recommended,529180,33856935,Posted: 28 July,all,Storm,Outstanding game!  A few bugs but it is early access. It will get a lot better with patches. Highly recommend!!
76561198022709896,Recommended,529180,33859656,Posted: 28 July,all,Caz,"Loving this game.  Yes, it is Early Access, yes, it is buggy and yes, it is laggy but it looks great and has an easy learning curve. I love the way you unlock new skills on a steady curve and have the option to learn some skills faster than others if you choose to.I have found myself losing hours of the day playing this and it is rare i find a game that does that.Do not buy it if you are not keen on waiting for updates to fix bugs, it is an Early Access game and as such is not finished.If you are looking for a a game with fantasy, crafting, building, taming and fighting, you wont go far wrong with this. Have patience, this has a lot of potential."
76561198084027874,Recommended,529180,33711134,Posted: 21 July,all,Sage,yes i understand the bad reviews. when people talk about it coppiing ark yes i can see it and feel what they meanhowever it feels like a heaverly mopdded ark with texture changes gameplay differnces and magic.however its not just that this game has lots of bugs but thats a given just look at the relece dateITS NEW ofcourse there will be bugs and problems and yeah its a coppie of some of arks assets but i beleve it will have the potential to become a massive game farr apart from ark. i had great fun playing it for a few hours and i beleve that if you remember that its a new game and still in dev then i beleve you too can have many hours of fun  just keep an open mind
,Not Recommended,529180,33809274,Posted: 26 July,all,Captain Morgan Spiced Cunt,"The game itself has changed since it was first being developed, I heard the developers (previous developers) had worked on a weather system so dynamic and wonderful that it beat everything in the competition and even to this day is the best weather system to exist. Well, I'm not entirely sure If they are still using that system since last I heard someone told me the developers were doing some work for the military or something. Thus, new developers moved in on the project and it's now using the same template as ARK and it's quite different from what it used to be. That being said, the game doesn't necessarily need to turn into a piece of garbage, it can still be redeemed and become something rather enjoyable but some major changes need to be made. For starters, why am I barely hitting 30-40 fps on a GTX 1070? That's the recommended card so I'd expect to at least be above that, the reason I'm bringing this up is precisely because it's the using the same engine as ARK (we all know how that turned out).The movement of the animals seems to be clunky, they'll walk into walls and even somehow get stuck inside of them which I can't even fathom. You'll spend most of your time waiting on the loading screen contemplating why you even bought this game in the first place, and when you finally get in you'll probably just get slapped by a character creation bug which prevents you from even making a character. But, I don't want to dog the game too much simply because it's literally ARK with a makeover, the game can be enjoyable and the vast amount of magic you can learn certainly could bring joy into the game. You can shapeshift, shoot fireballs and even tame some unimaginable creatures (some ripped straight from ARK iirc but not a lot) but the combat in general does need work, especially combat with melee weapons since that is just straight up crap.If the server is PVP then players will just kill NPC's so you can't progress with that tutorial lady at the start, and you can't buy or sell stuff which is just annoying. Another thing you'll find on PVP servers is people just being slayed around the starting area, you'll honestly be hit by a fireball to the chin before you can even take your first step into the world.I'm insanely skeptical about the game simply because of ARK, I bought that on day one and remember keeping it because I believed in the game getting future optimisations which never actually happened. I couldn't play it, and was unable to get a refund because I had waited too long. I was stuck with a game I couldn't play properly, and with developers who spent more time on DLC that wasn't needed than fixing the game they made. Such a shame really, because ARK was also a game I really wanted to enjoy.Do I want to play this game? Yes, I really want to enjoy it but for now it's going to be refunded until further optimisations and updates come but I'm doubtful they will considering ARK's current state.Do I recommend this game? No, I can't recommend the game in it's current state, all I can say is keep your eye on it and see what happens in the future.My review may turn into a positive in the future, I'll probably buy it when I hear about an optimisation patch and update the review with the current state of the game during that time."
76561198190530510,Recommended,529180,33712496,Posted: 21 July,all,Chronos,"Early access game. Ark meets Skyrim meets Game of Thrones. Very good. Needs polish, but much better and far ahead of where ark was at this time in EA. Hooked!"
76561198279925252,Recommended,529180,34089765,Posted: 7 August,all,907Vibe,"Some Pros:- Gorgeous graphics- Expedient updates- Devs focused on fixing important exploits and balance vs content- Large map that is fun to explore- Large variety of creatures to play- Only crashed once in 67 hours- Large variety of wearable gear- Decent variety of structures- Building is fairly painless- Non creature NPCs to trade with and killSome Cons:- Immense lag when loading new areas- Periodically randomly snags causing a delay (non issue on single player as everything comes to a halt vs on a server where the server is still active and the mobs can get hits in on you)- Small variety of weapons/staffs- Incredibly grindy in order to craft certain things (they already increased the length of time fertilizer lasts as crops would die over night on official servers though, more balancing could result in this not being an issue later) Oh and craft chaos essence? Hahahaha - 100 bottles made needing 300 charcoal among other resources to craft the 100 essence needed to make 10 chaos essence for one end game saddle like the Nidhog's or the Griffin's and you don't get your bottles back. :)- The spawning seems a bit random, there are certain things that do spawn in certain areas, but you can unfortunately end up with panthers prowling the spawn areas or literally just outside of them, making getting started difficult. Hopefully they'll clean that up and give things more specific spawn areas. You could see a dozen or so Kodo/Kebos in an area, come back and not see a single one, having to search all over in order to find even just one, let alone a decent one, to tame. This is the same for most creatures save winter biome specific and like, Nidhogs only spawn in the middle of the map.Why I decided to recommend this title:Snail Games U.S.A. purchased Studio Wildcard in 2015 and using the ""ARK Platform"", they took a game (Dark and Light) which they bought and have been working on since 2008 and combined the two. The result is what we are now playing. It appears that Snail Games U.S.A. is all about giving developers creative freedom, so whoever is working on this game is able to focus on it's development with them as their backers and I expect (and hope for) nothing, but great things and quick progress. For an early access game, it is performaing quite well, fun to play, good content and unlikely to flop."
76561198028043978,Recommended,529180,34094238,Posted: 7 August,all,Dayhawk,"Same engine as Ark. Snail games is owned by Studio Wildcard the makers of Ark.So is it like Ark? The building system is Ark like. The combat is more traditional spell spamming. But the game is MUCH harder than Ark. Currently it appears that mobs actively destroy your base. And since there is no beginner area as far as levels are concerned, it is easy to get wrecked. But that said, the game is fun if you like crafting and base building. The mobs are interesting and the graphics are decent. As this is very early access it is worth a buy. Especially as I like to support early access games and want to see it have the best chance at becoming something really great."
,Recommended,529180,33943574,Posted: 1 August,all,Disabl3d,Magic themed Ark.
76561197999412590,Recommended,529180,33973850,Posted: 2 August,all,Striker,Great Game!!  needs work but has amazing potential..Remember its an Early access but if you give it time its well worth it!!Similar to ARK but very unique in its own game!!
76561198230388524,Recommended,529180,33981336,Posted: 2 August,all,FatCasper,I am rather enjoying the game. those who say it is like ARK sadly mistaken yes it is ark like but the leveling system taming system and all around gamplay are way different to me this coming from someone who has played ARK religiously since it came out. i find it refreashing and engaging so much to explore. even if it is early access i see alot of potential in this game and i hope they live up to their promise of making it even better........haters gonna hate let them be if you enjoy it then play it
76561198097563487,Recommended,529180,33988112,Posted: 3 August,all,flyby714,Great game. Has some bugs Its Early access and is a little Grindy. Very dynamic PVP faction based. Theres so much to do I have 60 hours in and I still havent seen everything in the game. if you can handle Early access this is the RPG for you.
76561198203315994,Recommended,529180,34000139,Posted: 3 August,all,Mr.Mythic | hellcase.com,"I have only had this game for about 4 days now and i have 24 hours into it, I will be recomending this game to my friends. the only complaints I have are FPS and when running up a hill there points when you just get stuck."
76561198109059093,Recommended,529180,33984506,Posted: 2 August,all,MAN B3AR PIGGIE,"Great game, and will be even better with development!"
76561197970478521,Recommended,529180,33970872,Posted: 2 August,all,rdr99,"The game plays well and I have had no crashes or major problems.  I play single player though so your experience may be different than mine if you PVE or PVP.  I like the game, and they seem to be making improvements daily.  Like in Ark, you can adjust many things in the setup menus of Dark and Light so you can make your player tougher by lowering the ""player resistance"" setting (I know, it is the opposite of what you would think it should be).  You can adjust the harvest amounts, the stamina of the player character or animals, and just about everything else you can do in Ark.  There is even a console so you can cheat in some rare resources or summon an animal to tame or just see.  It has a game.ini and a gameusersettings.ini too so you can make a lot of fine adjustments to the game if you want.  Things for modding will get better as various other players find or write the code or you can do it yourself should you have the talent.  All in all I think the game has a great future and is certainly worth playing."
,Recommended,529180,33981312,Posted: 2 August,all,cpt38,"Very nice game although it still needs a lot of fixes. It is the first game of this genre that i play and i find it enjoiable. I guess it still has a lot of things to fix to be even better. The lag is bad some times and thats bad because if you die because of lag far away from respawn you loose all your item.(Sorry if it is not a good review, it is the first one i try to write)"
,Recommended,529180,33988225,Posted: 3 August,all,s4ndm4n2006,It's rough around the edges and needs a lot of tweaking  but in spite of this there's a lot of fun to be had in this game.  I'll post more in depth at some point later but for now I'm too busy playing it
,Recommended,529180,33988801,Posted: 3 August,all,FiDZ,is it an ark copy? i dont think so. sure you will be familiar with everthing if you are an ark player. but the experience that i got playing dnl is the same when i played  ark for the first time. It realls is disturbing since i cant stop playing it -_-
76561198145452488,Recommended,529180,33996207,Posted: 3 August,all,hls520,"I will start off by saying this game is in early access and it does have a variety of issues from collision problems, to battle, questing, and everything in between. However, the game is alot of fun and Ive been able to work around most bugs and get to the essence of the game. I loved Ark, have over 2k hours in it, and I can see the potential of this game to be just as good. The devs seem to be working on fixes for many of the issues so far, and Im sure just like Ark, bug fixes and optimizations will be a part of weekly, if not almost daily life for awhile. If you are someone with patience and can understand what early access means, then give it a try! If you are the other sort of person who buys an early access title and complains about problems, I'd suggest waiting for awhile until the game is further along. Overall though, if you enjoyed Ark, you will probably enjoy this."
76561198174337599,Recommended,529180,33999802,Posted: 3 August,all,Talos,I have never playerd Ark or Citadel.  So this for me this type of game.  Do i like it yet?  Are there issues with game off course there is.  Does this game have potential very much so.
,Recommended,529180,33959511,Posted: 1 August,all,Kendree,9/10 -- This game is consuming my life. I love it.
,Recommended,529180,33960364,Posted: 1 August,all,Trimwand26,"I really enjoy this game. I know it is EA and has some bugs, but it is still not complete and i can not wait to see how it turns out."
76561198402842923,Recommended,529180,33984518,Posted: 2 August,all,dakotarily2,"This is a really good game period. *Yes it lags from time to time* and flying can be the laggiest thing you do in the game but  overall highly recomend. I Have over a 120 days played on ark (XBOX) and this game is making me think this could easily be better than it by far when they fix issues but thats just my opinion.Its expected in EA to have isssues and for me at least for only 2 weeks out it is EXTREMELY playable for this style of chance. Pay the $20 or $25 dollars for this game and play the game for longer than 4 hours and you might actually find out you really likeds the game.(Bring frinds with you, its slow alone)"
76561198367351154,Recommended,529180,33989667,Posted: 3 August,all,goose32373,"It's a great game. Better than most EA games, and will get better."
,Recommended,529180,33997813,Posted: 3 August,all,PP_Break,"So far I am having a blast with this game, playing with friends definitly makes this overall glichy game a blast to play. character creating is very in depth and fun, there are 3 races human, dwarf and elf. The world is freaking gigantic and the survival aspect along with rpg elements make this a new experience I have not had ever. If your familiar with ark then this will make jumping in to this game alot smoother, there are quests to do wich work more lke a tutorial of how to get going in the game. Give this a try although its unfinished its a blast to play, this game i gonna be Great in the coming time!"
,Recommended,529180,33709994,Posted: 21 July,all,[ZN] Zorlofe,"Love this game! Forget all the negative reviews from the first day of release. People need to learn to chill with an Early Release game on day one, lol. If you had problems try again and give it another chance. This game is everything so far that I hoped it would be this early on. Yes, it needs work but that is a give me this early on. If you're looking for a good PVE server join ""[PVE]-ZorNet/AIB""."
76561198051434622,Recommended,529180,33710103,Posted: 21 July,all,Morlock,"Really enjoy this game very fun. lots to do. The concept is amazing however there is a bit of lag that needs fixing. Other then the lag this game is really good considering its early access. Highly recomend this game to anyone who loves survival type games, advenure and fantasy and magic. It is similiar to ARK but in my opinion alot better and there is much more to do."
76561198144770267,Recommended,529180,33709908,Posted: 21 July,all,Mr.Sora,"Think there were a lot of negitive reviews for an early access game that had been out only 1 day. I think the game is yes very similar to ark, but has a different feel as an rpg type game. Maybe? Anyways i feel like this game has great potential if the studio cranks out constant updates and optimizes it further, despite the negitive reviews. I have a good feeling about Dark and Light.Going to give it a positive review to help the creators, but do NOT buy this game if you dislike unfinished products, and low optimization. (I have a 1060 and can only run 35-45fps on high settings).Otherwise give it a try."
76561198037113300,Recommended,529180,34117626,Posted: 8 August,all,Tyrnas Rathi,"I like the idea they have for this game and like what iv seen so far. I feel this game has promise and is worth a real try. Not a less then 2 hours so I can get a refound try. A real Im a gamer an this is a game im going to beat kind of try. Does it have bugs yes its in alpha bugs are a thing. Is it a lil laggy yes again its in Alpha thats a thing they will fix in time. Is if fun yes to me it is very fun it makes me think of Minecraft a lil just if minecraft made more since and had more stuff to fight. I like the starter citys they make you feel like you dont have to rush into the wild with just your fist an hope dragons dont happen.FUN - Yes game fun to meBUGS - Yes game in AlphaLAG- Yes game in AplhaTRY? - Only if like idea of game and are real gamer not fake gamer... #notfakegamerEarly Access Game = Pre-Alpha, Alpha, and/or Beta verson of a game. Meaning this game is not complete not even close. Only give them your money if you like the Idea they have pitched for this game and want to be apart of gameplay testing."
,Recommended,529180,34092824,Posted: 7 August,all,Tortuga Atomico,"First off I like the game overall. But Stay Away from the Public servers, The Chiniese guilds ruin the game for you. I play on a private server now and fully enjoy the game but the dev's need to put way more restrictions, fix the bugs and npc spawns.So if you plan on playing on a publich server I would wait. If you are going solo or a private server you are fine."
76561198067992401,Recommended,529180,34092184,Posted: 7 August,all,LuckyPants,"This game is loads of fun. Its diverse because of the big world and plenty of creatures, there is so much you can do. It has very much in common with ARK.However. I do think it was released a bit to early. I have experienced crashes and the tutorial doesnt seem to complete properly. And i do think im keeping in mind that this is an early access game when writing this. There are also a few things like incorrectly named things that give a sloppy feeling.This game does however have great potential. But i do hope it will be more optimised then ARK."
76561198168802888,Recommended,529180,33731915,Posted: 22 July,all,Hillie Billie,good game
76561198046446220,Recommended,529180,34126669,Posted: 9 August,all,Young Beazy,"Early Access game, keep that in mind.  I haven't experienced the extreme issues with the melee desyncing, but melee combat for the most part is busted in this game currently.  Once it does get fix, this game would be awesome.  I never review anything, but I had to review this since people are bashing on a game that isn't fully released yet."
,Recommended,529180,34128091,Posted: 9 August,all,X.,This game has a lot of potential and can wait for more content to be adding. Its like ark but with magic and cooler wild life.
,Recommended,529180,34046763,Posted: 5 August,all,Ruffle607-BestRhymes2017,"After updating the drivers and coming to terms with the fact  that this game just isn't gunna go above 40 FPS, I had fun with it. The basic gameplay and exploration is fun. I will update the review as I play the game."
76561198010933023,Recommended,529180,33727598,Posted: 22 July,all,ciceqi,"Some of the game mechanics and level requirements are admittedly confusing, and I feel that the tutorial quest lines are weirdlly out of order in places, but that should improve with constructive feedback.  (Which, yes, I'm sending.  Because that's how Early Access works.)  Other than that, it's actually a pretty sweet game already.  Visually it's quite lovely--I'm looking forward to the point where I'm leveled up enough to just go sightseeing, to be honest--and I'm able to play it with all the settings turned up to a fairly high level on a 3-year old computer.  I've only had one crash, and other than a vendor selling bug that's not hampering me from doing anything, I haven't run into any real isses, much less major, game-breaking problems.  (Note:  I'm playing singleplayer.  Your multiplayer experience may be different.)  Yes, I'm aware that my experience may not reflect everyone's, but I'm also aware that it's an Early Access game in its first week of launch, and I play a LOT of Early Access games.  Nothing I'm seeing right now is discouraging, other than the usual round of complainers who either don't understand what EA is or simply don't care to.Tl;dr - good game so far that will certainly get better."
76561198024129947,Recommended,529180,33727271,Posted: 22 July,all,trox2010,"While the game is still buggy; being in early access and all, it is still a lot of fun. It has the potential to being a great game as the developers polish it up. The devs have already shown they are listening to the player base with some recent changes. If you enjoy survival rpg I would recommend getting the game (especially while it is on sale), and if the bugs are a bit much at this time just check back every so often to see how it is coming along."
76561198130289068,Recommended,529180,34166358,Posted: 11 August,all,DevilSprite,"The game is good BUT it is in EARLY ACCESS which alot of the players either don't know what that is or they're ignorant.Being in early access it has its fair share of bugs and exploits but the devs so far have been making good steps to counter this.Pros:-The content is already good and they're adding more all the time.-The devs (despite the comments you may see) are actively working on banning exploiters and cheaters (seen a few -banned already)-It's not as tame heavy as ARK.-The game receives an optimization update or 2 nearly every week.-They've got a good starting position already to prevent people being OFFLINE RAIDED but also fair enough that if you don't put in the effort it will still happen.-Though MANY of the features are yet to be implimented I already have the vibe that there's more to just raiding in the game unlike ARK.- Magic effects look good.Con's: (most of this is due to it being an EARLY ACCESS TITLE)-The terrain in the game needs smoothing out, lots of map have small inclines that you just fall off of.-Certain NPC stuctures don't spawn in-Can be very draining on your PC/Laptop (even high tier PC's can still struggle)-Fatal Crash Errors (though recently these have become less common)-Initially SNAIL said the game would be region locked - This isn't the case, many US servers have been zerged.-Bugs that randomly make you or the tame you're on at the time die.-Melee combat is seriously bugged on official servers the hit registration... what hit registration?-Magic needs balancing.Overall I recommend this game because im willing to play it with the bugs while it grows, if you want a smooth playing experience i'd recommend you leave it a few months to see where it goes."
76561197985854665,Recommended,529180,34166081,Posted: 11 August,all,Kel,"Despite the Early Access Bugs, the game is very enjoyable, and they have some nice ideas implemented. I am looking forward to any added content while I play this. So far there was at least one patch per week coming too, which I take as a good sign."
,Recommended,529180,34170807,Posted: 11 August,all,salin_soulok,loving the game and all that it will become has me in high hopes for this games future. I have been playing for 3 days not sure the game time I have and have not played on any servers YET. All in all game is a little easyer then expected to gane skills and not a lot of magic in the game as I would like but it has a long way to go before full release and can not wait for all the new magic and everything else to come including the larger map. Mosty play console and I need a better graphics card but even then the graphics are goob in my opinion. Can't wait for it on the Xbox one then i can play with all my friends there.
76561198072387465,Recommended,529180,34173607,Posted: 11 August,all,Velpos,"So, I have never writtin a review on steam or anything else before but I saw that this game had mixed reviews so I felt the need to give my opinion on the game.First, I should say that I bought this game a while back and refunded it because it was near unplayable for me with fps and bugs. I kept up with the updates and patches and saw they made some optimizations and bug fixes so I figured I would give it another try. I can now play the game on High with 60-70 fps with little to no issues. The big bugs that it had before seem to be gone. There is a few bugs here or there but nothing major.Now to the gameplay, first of all I love the feeling this game gives me. The feeling of adventure and freedom. I love the leveling system and the spell casting. You can choose to use a sword and shield or a bow and arrows. There are plenty of creatures for you to come across and tame. You can make a base somewhere is the woods or fields with animals you have tamed and a farm of some sort. You can trade with vendors in the cities or other players along with pvping.Plenty of things to do with updates and patches coming out all the time.I also recommend playing on a server called Hawk PvP the people on there and friendly and cool to talk to and I have had little to no lag.I hope you decide to pick up the game and enjoy it :)"
76561198067336536,Not Recommended,529180,34182727,Posted: 11 August,all,tomiwrite,I gave this game a chance and am tremendously disappointed.  Tonight I finally gave up on your flying dragon load-screen.
76561198090544014,Not Recommended,529180,34181241,Posted: 11 August,all,Chiro,"This game is fun , got lot of thing to play with, lot of thing to explore. But I'm not reccommend to buy this game NOW.Well all of those cheater out their will destroy all your good moment. If you guy really want to play ,I  recommend you guy play PVE. Or you will see your base got emty with your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shield ON."
76561198069396092,Recommended,529180,34187629,Posted: 12 August,all,Matthew Burchfield,Has some glitches but they are working on them. Great game with friends!
76561198030699497,Recommended,529180,34157874,Posted: 10 August,all,Leptospirosis,"If you can handle early access bugs, and you like both ARK and dungeons and dragons, this is the game for you.Less dinosaur-focused in not only theme but playstyle, you're good with one mount throughout the entire experience if you want. All the mounts are incredibly well-balanced, and you don't even need to use one if you don't want to.Lots of events keep the gameplay engaging, and the promise of dungeons whets your appetite for more.The level-up and experience systems are very rewarding and allow players to focus on getting better in their fields of preference. We have a guild where there are clear dillenieations between our berserker, sorcerer, ranger and druid(Yes, shape-shifting is a thing!!)Fantastic game, but still needs a lot of bugs worked out. Official servers are close to unplayable.Bearing these things in mind, if you don't like survival games with crafting elements, or you don't like buggy early access games, give this one a pass. But come back to it when it launches officially."
76561198308404652,Not Recommended,529180,34180262,Posted: 11 August,all,Brando,"It's early access...very fun, but constant crashing and overall poorly optimized.I'll come back in a while when things are much better...hopefully.Thumbs down for now"
76561198026000101,Recommended,529180,34260274,Posted: 15 August,all,taxidriver,"Fantastic Game, just gorgeous. You need a decent PC. I couldn`t really get into ARK, but this game got me hooked relatively fast. The beginning is kinda slow. A few quests here and there u dont have to do them tho. I play SIngleplayer atm. (no melee/hitbox problems there) and me and my tamed creatures die over and over again. So it`s hard. And that is a good thing.There is still much to do for the devs. Crashes, insane loading times, bugs (for example a creature that u tamed for seven hours gets stucked on the river shoreline - this is frustrating af), clipping problems but it still runs better than ARK when it came out.So i really hope that the devs are behind it and like i know them - they are. If you plan on buying it, waiting a few months is a valid option for sure. I´m really looking forward on what is still to come."
,Recommended,529180,34259812,Posted: 15 August,all,Mephisto,10/10 and its only 38% done.  People that complain do just that complain and usually dont have anything constructive to offer.  Play this game its beyond Amazing.
76561198329641675,Recommended,529180,33791345,Posted: 25 July,all,Trigga,This game is amazing. Most fun I've had in a while. Very well put together for a EA game. The small bugs I have experienced do not change my rating on the game. With games in EA you have to expect bugs. If you don't expect to see or experience them you should not buy into an EA game. I just hope Snail stays on task and does not take the road Wild Card did and ruin the game with silly things. The mistake they made in Ark was introducing the Tek gear. Please Snail stay in the medieval realm and do not start from the fabric of the period.
76561198081764638,Recommended,529180,34428849,Posted: 22 August,all,Orion,If you Like ARK and MMO RPGs then you will love this game!.There are a few bugs but that is expected from a game that is Early Access (That also just came out within a month)The Devs Listen to the complaints and work their Hardest to fix everything.I am playing/going to be playing the heck out of this game I would recommend it to the people with actual patience for the minor things to be fixed and major things to be added.
76561198025298312,Recommended,529180,33762188,Posted: 24 July,all,AbyssalSmoke,"Just want to start by saying please disregard any reviews with less than 20 hours gameplay logged.I have played and do not enjoy ARK.And finally, stick with it.Since launch, there have been two updates which have massively improved optimisation and many of the bugs that were an issue for me. Including gathering and combat hit boxes.I am playing on a non-official server and have 0 lag and 0 frame rate issues.I highly recommend finding a decent server before investing too much time into your character.This game is not finished and it shows in some areas, however, I have not had this much fun for a long time.Why?For the first time in a while, I want to explore the world.I want to learn how things work and how I can use this strange resource I have found.The monsters genuinely scare and intrigue me.Night time is night time.every time I level something new is unlocked for me to learn and understand.There is so much to work towards I can understand if people are overwhelmed but set your sights on something and work towards it. Ask the community on your server for help.Try not to die.Please message me if you have any questions I will be happy to help if I can."
76561198066823179,Recommended,529180,33773408,Posted: 24 July,all,Rogenshen,over all review is a good EARLY ACSSES game most problems out of the game is due to my pc being on the low endgame play is fun do wish the tutorial cat boxes would say up longer or had a buttton to move to the next/close the windowthe lvling in the game was very fun and diffrent from any thing i have ever done b4 with a player lvl and a skill line lvling for each skill you can useif you have never played a early acsses game dont go looking for a full game and know there will be problems with the game
76561197966687187,Recommended,529180,33768460,Posted: 24 July,all,Probiotic,"3 days old game, has its own flair and lore, Ark similarities for basic building and it has taming but different! For an alpha version it is quite fun and once you get past initial few levels the content keeps growing. High pop servers can be a down side due to vendor selling mechanics and possible gathering/harvesting lag. All in all i recommend if you like fantasy levelling up your character and build a house/ farm with magic, sword, bow and arrow. cant wait for few updates to smoothen out glitches etc."
,Recommended,529180,33830257,Posted: 27 July,all,Nepos,With limiterd time in game I can say I had fun. I am a avid Ark player so I knew the very basics like how not to starve earl;y on. I have had the char ceation bug as well as long loading time and server lag. All that aside once I did get in a good server my friends and I had a blast  I can see how frustrating it could be to a solo newbie the normal how do I do X was not there as much. Since I played with 3 other friends when I had questions.The biggest thing you need to know as a newbie is alway be hitting bushes until you have a secure source of food. Berries do not give you much but the give you enough. Also run away is a valid tactic last night when the sh-- hit the fan that is what we did was run away and we ran in different direction to limit the number of death in the party.Finally I know how much fun it is to build you first structure but explore for a bit and build it out in the wilderness. Ark PV (which I am mediocre  at) P taught me thach is not the way to go try to get bast that as fast as possible and get to stone.Part of my fun last light was brealing into poeples houses and looting them. Sure there was nothing but straw and wood but it was fun none the less.There are bug and it can be annoying so if you are not use to early access this may not be the game to get. If you know what early access means that some patches will be great while other will suck the big one I think you to can enjoy this game.
76561198139373699,Recommended,529180,33829768,Posted: 27 July,all,Taris,"Review is written in English and German. For English scroll down:Also nachdem ich so schlechte Reviews lesen musste von leuten mit 3h dachte ich mir ich muss auch mal meinen Senf dazu geben. DAS SPIEL IST EA!!!! Da gibt es nunmal Vor-und Nachteile! Ja klar es ist noch buggy und es muss noch viel getan werden ABER das Spiel macht auch Spaß.Im Grunde hat das Spiel potential. Es hat viele coole Sachen wie die Magie oder dass es drei verschiedene Rassen gibt die dann irgendwann gegeneinander koordinert kämpfen werden. Vegleicht man es mit Ark, das ich seit Beginn an spiele, muss ich sagen es läuft viel flüssiger als Ark zu beginn und teils sogar flüssiger als Ark jetzt läuft. Allerdings hat es auch Bugs die auch Ark am Anfang hatte jedoch viele rausgepatched wurden, daher besteht die Hoffnung dass es auch hier so sein wird. Man kann Basen/Burgen bauen, Tiere zähmen und reiten, raiden UND die Map ist verdammt groß! Das leveling system ist auch eine Sache an sich, da es sehr speziell ist, und man nicht pro lvl Sachen freischaltet sondern nach Skill.Ob ich es nochmal kaufen würde? JA! Es macht Spaß mit Freunden und man kann sich auf so einiges freuen, allerdings sollte man die Bugs und das early access Schild im Hinterkopf behalten!Falls wer fragen hat schreibt ruhig drunter oder fragt mich an :)After reading that many bad reviews from guys who only have 3h, i thought i have to write an own one. THE GAME IS EA!! Of course tehre will be advantages and disadvantages. And of course it is buggy  and they have to fix some stuff BUT the game is fun. All in all the game has potential. There are so many cool things like magic or that there are three different races which will fight against eachother in some point. Compared to Ark, which i play since it came in EA, i have to say in DaL i have more and constant FPS than in Ark when it came in EA. But there are also some same bugs Ark had in the beginning, which were fixed later on so there is hope they will also be fixed. You can build bases/castles, tame creatures, raid AND the map is huge. The lvling system is a thing for itself cause its very special. You won't unlock the engrams each lvl u will unlock it by leveling the skill.If i would bought it again? YES! It's fun with friends there will be some cool things, but also remember there are bugs and there is a early access sign!Any quastions ask in comment."
,Recommended,529180,34367930,Posted: 20 August,all,Michael,"Just have to say, this game is so much fun.  It is in Early Access, and understandably buggy, but I would definitely recommend it to my friends, and in fact, I did.  You have to be a little patient with the glitches and how long it takes the game to load, but those are expected when a game is Early Access.  Good job dev team!  I only have 14 hours in the game so far and will update my review as I go along."
76561198210976520,Recommended,529180,34369251,Posted: 20 August,all,Choomah,"Fun to play, better with friends. Has a lot of potential"
76561198159675630,Recommended,529180,34152392,Posted: 10 August,all,bandus,very funn
76561198035767900,Recommended,529180,33788668,Posted: 25 July,all,Sandwich hugger,"I just want to say this game is so much fun. I love it, forget what people say. But if you do get this game understand that it is very early access. The title screen even says that the game is only 30% done. If your a fan of ark you'll like this game."
,Recommended,529180,33924434,Posted: 31 July,all,FatherOsborn,"I never enjoyed ARK, I own two copies of it with a total of 110 minutes of gameplay. However, Dark and Light gives me a whole different survival experience -- it might be similar to ARK, but it feels like it's in its own genre. The map is huge and is expected to be made even bigger, players are extremely friendly towards each other (at least on my server) and it feels like people treat it more like an MMO than a survival game.Now, if you're not patient, then perhaps you should wait a couple more weeks/months for some of the gamebreaking issues to be solved. Some of the issues that are gamebreaking right now:- Extreme rubberbanding, especially on mounts. You will get teleported back 4-5 times to your original position.- Huge FPS drop in random areas, almost deadly if you're being chased by something.- Very high chance of yourself and/or your mounts getting stuck in areas. We've lost a couple high level tames due to them getting stuck in the map.- The PVP is extremely dull, everyone's using the same spell due to it being extremely overpowered - If you go into a PVP server, craft a lightning bolt (2 or 3), it has no travel time and it deals an insane amount of damage.- Melee Combat is impossible, hits are only registered 2/5 times and if you use the stronger attack (RMB) you will rubberband back a couple feet.- Raiding is extremely easy, all you need is a Iron Hammer which never seems to run out of durability. It deals insane damage. So if someone wants to get into your house, they will get into your house, regardless of how many pockets or wall levels you make.- Harvesting materials is out of sync. It can sometime take up to a minute of hitting i.e. a tree until you get something from it.However, if you are person of patience, then give the game a try. You will have loads of fun and (hopefully) meet new friends. I don't know how it looks like on other servers, but EU Knight 4 consists of friendly folks that will only attack if threatened.If you want to experience the game without desync/lag issues, give singleplayer a try. You can also spawn items through the console (ARK commands) and test them out before you charge into a multiplayer server."
,Recommended,529180,33818440,Posted: 26 July,all,Dragonlord3344,Just like ark or 7 days to die the experience shines depending on how you like the game pve or pvp on private servers  or offical servers respectivly to pve and pvp.  I personally love the fact they have magic in the game which makes so much more of the experience enjoyable and new to a open world survival multiplayer/sp game.
76561198193051993,Recommended,529180,34302297,Posted: 17 August,all,Anteaque,"As you can see I have a few hours in the game and that's because I thoroughly enjoy it. Graphically it's beautiful as it is musically. There's a story behind what's going on, there's quests, there's building, taming, there's a massive expansive landscape to explore (hopefully in time) It's already big and so much more.Does it have a few problems? Yes, it's only 30.02% done at the time of writing. If you're not prepared to put up with a few glitches, knowing that they will be fixed, knowing that they are being worked on, then don't buy this game. Don't buy it with the expectation of tearing it down and asking for a refund after 45 minutes game play.As I said I thoroughly enjoy playing this game, despite it's early access frustrations, I'm very keen to see where they're going to take it. I would whole heartedly recommend to anyone to give this a decent try. Thanks for reading."
76561198058869303,Recommended,529180,33817807,Posted: 26 July,all,chasegormley,Great game! If you enjoy the fantasy genre you'll love this. Still has stuff it can improve on but EA is always going to be like that. For 25 bucks it's worth the investment.
,Recommended,529180,34298803,Posted: 16 August,all,Jon1812,"Dark and Light is great! If you have played ARK, then you will enjoy this game. It is very much an Alpha - NOT an early access. It is currently in the same stages that ARK was, early on in its development. So there are glitches that will get you killed and cause you to lose progress. That said, I think there are significantly fewer glitches than during ARK's development.The game itself is great. Magic is fantastic and the taming is very satisfying. Skills are leveled through use and it still tickles me that you can be lower level than someone else, but have access to items that they don't, because of specialization. Everything is useful - you won't really run into a resource that doesn't get used in some way.  The map is stunningly beautiful. Everyone should see the map in epic settings at least once - even if it is only through singleplayer.TLDR; If you enjoyed ARK, buy this game. Be prepared to report a good few glitches and bugs. If you can get this for $20 or less, you got a good deal. $30 is pushing it for current level of content."
76561198041537903,Recommended,529180,33820279,Posted: 26 July,all,Zipcord,"It is a great game with typical early release 'bugs'.  If you like open world games, leveling a character, building, hunting and taming creatures you will like this game.If you do not like PVP their are PVP servers.  There are no mods right now and from what I can see in the notes they are not going to allow for them.There are however, non standard servers that have increased XP and leveling to make the grind easier.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,529180,33846784,Posted: 27 July,all,Eclipse,"The game, Has some work to be doneIm using a budget PC and the game on medium/high runs a smooth 50 fps while not in the city.the game has a memory leak on occassion.for the past 3-4 days, a new hotfix is out. and the patchnotes are not BS(oh we fixed X Y Z but issue still occurs for example)"
,Recommended,529180,34079080,Posted: 7 August,all,Mikey,Awesome game and looking forward to see what they come up with throughout this early access 😁
76561198023355860,Recommended,529180,33819964,Posted: 26 July,all,Royal-Dragon,So far i'm haveing a blast. there is no real learning curve to this game but i greatest feature i love is that if i don't like the ppl online i can play solo. did i memtion how awsome and simple the gathering and crafting systems are
76561198027465816,Recommended,529180,33813774,Posted: 26 July,all,HEATHDEE,"Yeah game has the makings of being a top contender for what seems to be the Hype in what we want to play these days.Been out 5 days, has its bugs, has its issues, wouldnt expect anything less, have i have fun, Yeah i am having fun playing this game, even in its state.Yeah you will lag up, rubber band (but nothing drastic), fighting PvP is fun, once you figure it out, there is a nack to it :)Farming can be a bit borring , but thats the joy of playing sandbox MMO.You can tame about 80% of the games creatures, some of which will drive you nuts, protect those tames lolBuilding is fun, crafting gets you thinking.If they keep up with what they say they are going to actually do, then this will be a very well worth 20quid""Fingers Crossed"""
76561198012907542,Recommended,529180,33821923,Posted: 26 July,all,Souma,I really love the concept and the idea is great and yes it is EA so there is potential for a lot of improvement but right now the technical issues tormented me to such an extent that it tainted my playing experience when I finally did get to play.From what I experienced the monsters spawn are quite good but they seem rather high for example I spawned in the city and when I left a level 46 wraith/grim reaper sort of monster started attacking me at level 1 but luckily the guards saved me and I managed to nab some quite high level weapons which doesnt require any sort of prequisite to wield/wear.The building is good but when your building in a non box like shape it can get a bit annoying because the camera gets covered quite easily so knowing how to abuse camera control is a must in that sense if you want to save your self some hair.Combat system is nice but good be quite easily improved because Magic is so much more powerful than melee to the point where making weapons at low level is literally pointless also using a shield could be improved animation wise because when fighting in the dark it is quite hard to see if your shield is actually up or not.The donation system to the ingame shops is an idea I like but already looks like the Chinese hackers are abusing it as within days of the game being opened to EA there are 4 hackers who have managed to donate over 1 million gold coins on official servers which is just impossible as gold is quite hard to come by.The map is only a small part right now but when you load in its quite clear that the other areas that are going to become available look massive so thats definately  a plus to keeping an eye on the games progress.from startup to actually being in game is like playing a loading simulator and I dont think it has anything to do with my computer as I have never had this sort of issue before trying this game so I hope gets looked into.All in all I have to sum it up as a game I honestly and truthfully hope does well but right now there is so much balancing and technical issues that need fixing for me its too much to bear when Im still recovering/going through ARK.Id say if you really want to play it then go ahead but Id say wait a long time until alot of fixes have been done.
76561198207793309,Recommended,529180,34080278,Posted: 7 August,all,lCEGUY,"The game is great, need a story line and dialogue.Create a aventure boss raid for gold and weapons and make more use for gold"
,Recommended,529180,34110780,Posted: 8 August,all,PappaStid,"I don't write many reviews but seeing the negative comments I had to throw in a review.  The game has many Ark like features, which I like.  I really like the leveling system and how you progress with your character build.  I enjoy the scenery and the combat.  I like the different armor types they have so far.  I enjoy the crafting system and structure builds.There are still bugs which I expect at this stage but not enough to take away from the enjoyment of the game itself.  There is extremely long load time that I have learned to start the game, log on to the server and walk away.  I would like to see them fix the game pad controls so you can select items on the pop up wheels in lieu of having to move the mouse but there are workaround for now for that.At the very begining I thought the starting process was kind of slow and wasn't sure about the game.  I watched some youtube videos of others and what they had done in the game and it appealed to me so I continued playing and now I am having alot of fun with it.I would very much reccomend trying this game, it is fun now and I believe they will continue addressing the bugs and adding to the game."
76561198078095569,Recommended,529180,34284243,Posted: 16 August,all,Guym,"(I've played 100 hours)The overall feel of the game is really nice, I love the skyrim/wow magical feel that gives you a warm fuzzy fantasy feeling. And yet there is the struggle and survival progressive farming aspect like ARK. It's a really nice fantasy/survival/farming combo.This game is going to be great, but wait a bit, don't buy it now. I think the game is even too early for ""early access"". Official servers are so insanely laggy. Unofficial ones with less players are much more playable.One major bug that stopped me from playing is my dinos, (ahem, I mean creatures) kept disappearing. I was losing atleast one a day....to thin air. Consider yourself warned. This is highly frustrating as some dinos (ahem, i mean creatures) take a long time to tame.I recommend this game, in a year. If you are going to play it, expect creature loss and some other frustrating bugs."
76561198016121344,Recommended,529180,34283213,Posted: 16 August,all,A Big Hairy Monster,"Its been pretty decent fun. If you played ARK during its initial release, really enjoyed it in spite of its bugginess, and want what amounts to a fantasy version of ARK - this game's for you.PRO's:Basically Fantasy Themed ARK - plays and feels pretty much the same with slight mechanics changes in taming and schematics.Excelent creature models, textures, and expanded building options over what ARK had, including the ability to retexture buildings with illusion spells.CON's:Still very early alpha, basically. Its very buggy and server performance, at least on unofficial is very poor. Expect lag and rubberbanding.There's a lot of features which simply don't work right now, but show what the dev team is looking to do. Examples include broken elemental creature abilities (treant greenhouse effect, water elemental irrigation aura), unfinished structure types (dwarven manor type is listed but currently unavailable), and items currently without obvious use (clover, golden fleece, goblin contract).Overall Impression:I played ARK starting about a week or two after it came out. This game is essentially using the old ARK engine - many of the old bugs ARK had are present here. If that annoys the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you, skip this. If on the other hand you don't care about lag or rubberbanding and just want to have a fun, casual time building a base and taming gryphons and dragons and goblins, have at it. I feel I got my money's worth already after about a week on unofficial."
,Recommended,529180,33811909,Posted: 26 July,all,Baud,"Does the game take forever to load in? Yes.Is performance terrible on a GTX1070 Max Settings: It's not that bad, but it's not good.Is the gameplay fun: Hell yes.The game is early access, and I hate early access, but for $25 (and even $30) this title is worth it even in the early access stage if you can get past the long loading screen. The game is built on the same engine as ARK, which is why a lot of comparisons are made for it, and it has kind of similar taming mechanics. ARK, for me though, always seemed out of place mixing dinosaurs with guns and never really finding a good balance for them, whereas this game is set and a fantasy world and truly feels like a fantasy world. The AI right now in incredible dumb, however, and there's definitely some improvements to be made for those who want to PVP, but this game is fun right now as it is, and I can only see it getting better as it gets more polished closer to release."
76561198038171078,Recommended,529180,34547460,Posted: 28 August,all,Jonny Filth,Love this game. i can't wait to see the finale pruduct!
76561198050719425,Recommended,529180,34547025,Posted: 28 August,all,TheWizard,"This is going to be Epic if the Devs stick with it. There has been considerable improvements since I bought it and it is mostly enjoyable now. There are bugs though so don't expect a finished game. Expect to lose your stuff a lot so don't take all your gear on exploration ventures. I have played on both official and unofficial servers and FULLY 100% recommend unofficial as there are real server owners there who care and will help if you get stuck or bug smacked. Official servers are full of people who put columns down everywhere making building your own place impossible.Graphics are amazing, world is huge and more coming. Price is perfect for what you get now even."
,Recommended,529180,33799645,Posted: 25 July,all,Vergaerd,"Very simply put, this is ARK:SE in fantasy theme.But, it really is much more than that! The magic aspect of the game adds a lot of depth and atmosphere.If you can handle the expected bugs, desync, general alpha game-state, etc and you aren't too much into dinosaurs, but do enjoy the fantasy/rpg-survival theme, chances are you will like this game.A lot of potential."
,Recommended,529180,33806792,Posted: 26 July,all,Dustpup,"Shaping up to be a great game, all I can do is see where this goes and hope its not the latest cash grab, we shall see! If you want to play on a chill PvE server send me a PM and I will give you the password to my server, its hosted so it will be up 24/7. If we get enough people playing on it I will organize some events and other things, but for now I am using it as a way to showcase the game."
76561198000349665,Recommended,529180,33807780,Posted: 26 July,all,DjinniGenie,"37 hours into the game and... I love it! It has so much potential that I cannot wait to see what else the devs are going to add to the game. I've died a dozen times to the environment, but I keep getting up and soldiering on. Built myself a house. Got myself a mount. Really looking forward to more improvements!"
,Recommended,529180,34239324,Posted: 14 August,all,Czelious Mionix.net,"I really enjoyed this game for as long as i had stuff to do, 1-2 weeks and i was max level on an official server with fire dragons etc, solo until about lvl 45, then i merged house with another solo dude on my server.End game at this moment is boring though, looking forward to more updates!"
76561198127437041,Not Recommended,529180,33786740,Posted: 25 July,all,BlueBaron2,"Even for an early access game it is just too buggy alot of the game is unplayable, asian tribes wipeing out the npcs (they dont respawn and are importaint) servere dsync whenever you attack or cast a spell or get hit. the creatures actually seem to have a greifing ai if they hit your building as they run by they will come back and wipe it to the very last foundation.pvp is fun even if only for magic, however if your fighting multiple people in separate tribes you have no hope as for some reason the war declaration only works for 1 tribe at a time for a very long time. and either the havesting hit boxes or the servers are just a damn joke it takes nearly 20 hits on a corpse to get anything or to gather anything. tames get stuck in random objects and pretty much can be counted as dead, wild creatures are pretty much the same or stronger than your tames and will offline your entire base and creatures.your tames will get stuck in something like a goblin  and will not be able to attack it and die or as your fighting the goblin and somhow kill it and after the animation you turn around you will hit your creature and it will die or get knocked out.this game does have alot of promise and was enjoyable up untill most of the bugs kept showing up however to release the game in such a sorry state was just stupid and i feel like its not going to be fixed anytime soon untill it is i would not reccomend this game at all."
,Recommended,529180,33996018,Posted: 3 August,all,Slipy_Falltea,At this point it needs alot of performance optimizations to even play. But I'm sure this will be a good game when that gets fixed.
,Recommended,529180,33888163,Posted: 29 July,all,Chromatic Death,"I heavily recommend this game to those who are looking for a survival game with RPG elements. I absolutely love the mechanics and tutorials that is provided.I am aware of mechanics, sounds, assets being used from Ark, but keep in mind that Snail games did not copy Ark. Snail Games bought wilcard and re-used the assets from ark, but also made them much better. I am getting very great graphics and this is coming from an AMD FX 8370 and 980 Ti classified.I recommend this game to those right now if you're okay with some bugs and work in progress elements, the devs have really put a lot of attention and have been rolling out bug fixes that are actually promised.I love it!"
76561198261309095,Recommended,529180,34065469,Posted: 6 August,all,WesWilk,"Love the game so far.  Of course there are bugs and awkard situations, but the game is 3 weeks old.  The amount of content, and awesome gameplay will ony get better.  Must buy survival game."
76561197999849775,Recommended,529180,34055425,Posted: 6 August,all,nordic22222,"I like it, alot.Played Ark and Citadel, this is more fun. There is just more to do which makes it feel less grindy, even though it is all the same.Love the feeling of never being safe, lvl 30 and we keep dying/getting wiped. Love it.Runs well, I host and play on the same computer (1700X) with no issues."
76561198091208351,Recommended,529180,34055708,Posted: 6 August,all,Samdoggy,"This game is absolutley fantastic!While I understand other players upset with the bugs, glitches and random fps drops because I cannot deny that there is problems I haven't had many glitches. However, I completley agree with the FPS problems, it's not a constant FPS problem around 85% of the time I get anywhere from 45-60 FPS on a GTX 1080 on Max settings but.....when loading in say a town or something else nearby it drops me from anywhere to 10-15 FPS sometimes only for a split seconds, other times only for 2 minutes.Now let me state the awesome things I have experienced in this game.The taming I think is awesome! I have played a lot of Ark: Survival Evoloved and I love the game but I think the taming on Dark and Light is so much more creative and makes a little more sense.The Giant Dragons With Gondalas!? Now, I don't know how many people have seen these but there are dragons that can transport you and I think it is one of the coolest features of the game. I did however manage to fall out of the dragon's gondala somehow one time into water and had to swim my way back to shore which you'd think I'd be mad but it was actually entertaining and a good adventure.The random events.  The first time I saw it say, ""The Darkness is invading"" I was a little scared as I have seen the wraiths and skeletons before and they were trouble enough for me. So, I banded together with two friends and we fought probably hundreds of skeletons, elementals, wraiths and whatever other scary things were all over.My final thoughts on the game: First I'd like to say all of this was on a private hosted server so I did not deal with other people very often. Secondly, I'd like to say this game has huge potential and when I say huge I mean HUGE! This game is so entertaining for me as is, and I can't wait to see how it progresses. Finally, would I recommend this game? YES! Definately! However, if you're someone who is easily frustrated and loses patience easily with some irritating bugs, spelling errors in games (Yes, there is a few) or ammusing bugs, or lag spikes every once in while (depending on your PC) then wait, wait until the game progresses and gets better because these are good devs and it will get better. Otherwise, if you're not someone like that then I'd say go for it, try it out and see for yourself!"
76561198011420112,Not Recommended,529180,33706031,Posted: 21 July,all,Sadface,"You need to have zero life to play this game, its not casual you have to spend every hour ingame to actually progress, you cannot log out for even a few days before your whole progress is cleared and you have to restart."
76561198064636674,Recommended,529180,33703505,Posted: 21 July,all,vaygirl,"My husband and I set up a LAN game as per instructions we found on the discussion board and we got going on the first try (Thank you Legendair!). We had a lot of fun and we played until bed time. Are there bugs? Sure. It's early access. Is it similar to Ark? If you've played Ark, it will be familiar to you but different too. It's kinda like Survival Plus Ark. Our game never crashed and we had no issues with frame rate. We're both using GTX Titan X cards. All in all, I would recommend if you like fantasy mixed with survival elements and animal taming. Just know that it's early access and not a polished/finished experience."
76561198180480118,Recommended,529180,33704759,Posted: 21 July,all,No One,Love this game..
76561198105174806,Recommended,529180,33703643,Posted: 21 July,all,Sfin,"Giving this a thumbs up to help its rating on steam, yes it is very early access, and yes it does have glitches, lag and supposedly crashes... although I havent seen one yet in my 8 hours of play. So far its very fun, does sort of feel like Ark as the building mechanics are very similar, combat is fun but AI for creatures definately needs some work. There are villages with NPCs that you can barter with and do quests for so I like that idea added into a crafting/survival game. So far for day 2 of early access this game is very playable and fun in my opinion. Don't let the ratings steer you away, give it a try!Edit: For all those hating on it, its day 2 of early access and they've already done 3 updates for stability and bugs/glitches"
,Recommended,529180,33704752,Posted: 21 July,all,Busta Chimez,Dont listen to the people that are complaining about bugs and optimization! Game is in early access and has all the time it needs to improve. Buy the game to support the development. If you want a more completed game go to Ark/Rust or any other survival. The game is fun and the people I've met are very nice. Game runs alright with a 1050ti fx-8350 and 16Gb of ram.
76561198263337478,Recommended,529180,33705263,Posted: 21 July,all,carter,great
,Recommended,529180,33705449,Posted: 21 July,all,xsenorxsandmanx,So there are alot of negative comments and gripes about an Early Access game not working properly. I for 1 expected this and went into it with an open mind. I thought the game was amazing and had a blast almost 20 Hours already. Sure there were alot of glitches and fighting seemed impossible and gathering made next to no sense if it even worked However was not unplayable for me. I woke up today with 2 updates already and the game litterally feels completely different from yesterday. Combat and gathering is leaps and bounds better not so much lag or hitting a tree for 40 mins without getting anything. The Devs are listening and doing what they can to get the game where it needs to be. I was already impressed with the game for early access and even more so with how fast they fixed some of the game breaking glitches.TL:DR - Awesome game 10/10 - with the 2 updates game feels brand new from yesterday can only get better!
,Recommended,529180,33735603,Posted: 22 July,all,Freesoul,"If you liked Ark you will like this.It's obviously based on the same engine (same company, other team) but the setting is different and while sharing a common root (survival game) it is different enough to enjoy discovering the new game.As for performance, with a GTX1080 all setting cranked to epic I enjoy a solid 45-50FPS which is good enough for me."
76561198163996172,Recommended,529180,33898393,Posted: 29 July,all,YY,"(+)Nice scenery , remind me of the witcher  (-)unoptimized, buggy, lack of combat"
76561198298190497,Recommended,529180,33920377,Posted: 30 July,all,xeno52003,"The house seal does not work still.  There are people House called D.E.A  glitching in-game, attacked my house whil house seal was active and foundation wipped us. also they are randomly placing stone pilars to stop spawns of items"
76561198040305354,Recommended,529180,33920872,Posted: 30 July,all,Grimwar,"This game is kind of like methadone for Ark addicts.  After almost 2.5k hours in Ark I was definatly needing something fresh.I am about 100 hours into D&L and I am really enjoying it so far. The bugs I have encountered have been mere incoveniences rather than game beaking. Although I am not on those aweful public servers so that helps a lot. If you like building mega bases the building here is decent with very nicely detailed parts that mostly mesh together quite well. Although as usual some no collision is sorely needed. However building will bring you up against the worst feature of the game thus far. The grind. The grind in building a large stone base is proving pretty harsh and that is at 3x gathering. And stone is cheap compared to some of the higher tear builing sets like the race specific manors.The taming is quite fun, it is both similar and different to Ark. Instead of trying to knock out the beasts with tranqs. Here you try to run them to exhaustion by achoring bungy lines to them and kiting. The end result is the same however with a subdued beat you must feed till it likes you.Also I am quite enjoying the exploration. It is a large well crafted map with many features and details worth seeing and  exploring. Heading out into the wilderness on a panther is always fun after a grind session for more building parts.So Despite the bugs and the fact the game is only 30% complete and Despite this grind, I will soon mount my best kodo, line up the longhorn baggage train, and panther escorts . Then head out to grind some more while I watch some shows on the other moniter. It will all be worth it when that base is build I am sure ;)"
76561198033213133,Recommended,529180,33922967,Posted: 31 July,all,woosh,"This is literally Ark: Survival Evolved's sister game. Just about every feature found in Ark can be found in Dark and Light. I think that all of us who might be considered Ark enthusiasts are honestly weirded out that this game even exists. It's like if Ark were developed in an alternate universe where everything is similar but not quite the same. Some people are calling this a reskin of Ark and I can see what they mean but I don't think it's a fair comparison. I say that because to me, the game doesn't just look different but it also feels and plays different as well while also totally offering the Ark experience. Because I believe this game offers a unique experience in its own right I think every Ark player should give this a try. For everyone else, you need to seriously look yourself in the mirror and wonder why the hell you aren't an Ark player."
76561198066779307,Recommended,529180,33703506,Posted: 21 July,all,Gurglesnurt The Mole,"It was literally just released. chill out boys. I picked up this game and played it, and I enjoyed it. Obviously there's bugs. It's early access. If you don't like it you can refund it and pick it up again if it gets better.edit:I've played this game for a long while now, and I REALLY enjoy it.If you like ark, you'll LOVE this game. It's got some unique concepts such as the cities and factions (which isnt that common for survival games) and they count as safe zones.It's a GREAT game for roleplayers, and alright for just casually hanging out.Some of the stuff in this game is kind of hard to understand, but once you understand it, it's really easy and awesome!100% recommend this game. really fun. needs SOME optimization, but it runs easily.Pretty good graphics, fun spells, awesome creatures and amazing everything.edit 2. what was i thinking it is super friggin' buggy and it seems like the team cant ♥♥♥♥ing decide on a name for the creatures they make. still ok game tho"
76561198074545146,Recommended,529180,33703579,Posted: 21 July,all,xdlolzzzz,It's a very fun game i can play with constant 30-40fps sometimes i'll get a drop but not that often and it's early access so give the devs time to fix bugs
,Recommended,529180,33704848,Posted: 21 July,all,Logic,yes
,Recommended,529180,33735970,Posted: 22 July,all,PsychoTheRabbit,At the moment is unplayable most of the time.Spent 56min to barely see what was around me constantly getting frames drops.Although the game is a EA it seems its not fully prepared for MP atm. Hopefully ill get a refund to try it later on when its more developed in that regard. But for what ive seen and heard is a great game that has potential so ill still recomend the game. Maybe not rn?
,Recommended,529180,33739171,Posted: 23 July,all,ReVeNaNt_BaLoR,"I have spent most of the evening/night/and some of this morning on LnD. It's pretty good, Im looking forward to future updates. Honestly at this point I would have to rate this game 7/10 but i do expect that rating to go up as the game gains stability, updates, andfeatures. I do consider this game a must own already and if you but it I would rather pay the price its at right now because I do expect this game to make it to a full $59.99 release as long as it gets the support that is needed."
,Recommended,529180,33756737,Posted: 23 July,all,Toxic,"Putting this postivite review out to help this game out. This game is fun and I can see me and my friends logging atleast a couple hundred hours into it. Of course it's laggy, it was literally just released. Also the lag is mainly due to the hugely populated servers. Anyways, this game literally just game out a couple days ago and I can already run it better than I could ever run ARK. If they keep updating it and fixing bugs and lag issues, this game will be a masterpiece."
76561198345597476,Recommended,529180,33896149,Posted: 29 July,all,reaperdude231,ok so there are definitely a few kinks that need working out. its early access though so bugs are expected. definitely enjoyed the game so far the premise of it is great. it will be quite a good game on down the road i belive!!
76561198016019426,Recommended,529180,33911306,Posted: 30 July,all,RocknRolla,Its decent..
76561198055127118,Recommended,529180,33912571,Posted: 30 July,all,Narafian,Very cool Fantasy RPG i found it very funny when my friend and i got knocked out by goblins and then they stole all of are stuff. He got killled i was able to get up and run away.
76561198070842582,Recommended,529180,33913602,Posted: 30 July,all,Roboduck,So everyone is crying about it's broken it's a copy cat of Ark. As a game thats still in Alpha it's in a better state then what Ark was when it first came out. The Skill and the Tasks add a nice tauch to the game. Graphics are lovely. It's an alpha guys it's going to be buggy. 100% would recommend.
,Recommended,529180,33916808,Posted: 30 July,all,Cypher,"This games GREAT! it does need alot of optimization tho. Ive played on both PVE and PVP and iI feels alot better on PVP. All the animals take quite awile to tame, other then the small sheep like boars and sheep, but if you have time to play with the times and try and make the best of it, youll be delighted. All the bad reviews on this game but has less then 10 hours played? thats barely enough time to get your feet wet. You dont get alot of the good stuff till later in the game, so give it a go, and dont judge a book by its cover!"
76561198063388018,Recommended,529180,33922806,Posted: 31 July,all,Salty Sis' 4U,"Great game, though it's whopping size and higher-end requirements may scare off newbies.The craft-heavy system is also a bit intimidating when fresh, the materials not clearly listed in methods to acquire them aside from those known by more active players and groups.Even so, this allows the community to grow much like any other, people relying on one another... Though sadly a few newbies choose to grief and die endlessly in pursuit of 'war'. Such acts are fairly pointless given the materials one could've gained through normal means. Heck, there's even a group of ""corpse collectors"" that's dedicated to farming only DEAD players... Though I suspect they may occasionally target unconscious ones.All in all, the game is developing nicely, though my only personal complaints would be the difficulty in leveling up Enchantment skills and gaining the materials for them in comparison to more basic destructive magic... And that the durability of spells you can work so hard to create feels crazy low.IMO, I think spells ought to last a lot longer, tools as well, due to the high costs of crafting structures in the later game.One will usually spend all they have on equipment and sorcery only to find they've nothing left over to build a small hut with, let alone a moderate house."
,Recommended,529180,33922892,Posted: 31 July,all,Vhaeyne,"Its early access.Game has about as much optimization as ark did at its launch.Just a reskined ark with magic.Still I like it and recommended it.The theme of ark was always lame IMO.I played prim+ to get a shadow of how sweet this is.The progression is fun, and the setting is my jam."
76561198217696349,Recommended,529180,33703642,Posted: 21 July,all,Eustace_LTU,"To much hate on this game... game is fun, playable, has bugs,serv lags, look like ark but i like it better, runs same as ark (50 fps\gtx 1060 6gb\ 8gb ram). Could i recommend it to by at this stage ?? Well it depends.. if u bought ark, connan exiles or other EA s**t on game launch then go for it. Im enjoying this game so far, no regrets getting it."
,Recommended,529180,33704782,Posted: 21 July,all,SopuliSoturi,Good game but takes a long time to do things and a long loading screen 9/10
,Recommended,529180,33739134,Posted: 23 July,all,TheWindRider,"I don't know what people problem is with the game, so far the game is great. The optimization really sucks, that true and I believe it will get fixed, with time, after couple of months. But the game as itself, is great. The progression system is straightforward, easy going, and definitely worth playing. The skills are amazing the taming is amazing, and I am saying this after nearly 30 hours of play! I haven't played Ark, cause never got my interest... but this one did... and I think its great. However I do expect more character creation options. The game is full with bugs, but its definitely worth playing, if you are patient! I definitely recommend it to people who want interesting game."
76561197993129755,Recommended,529180,33925437,Posted: 31 July,all,NeroHiro,"A breath of fresh air from a former ark player. I was highly anticipating this title since I first heard about it. I actually quit ark once they added tek tier as I felt it was overpowered and just made it extremely unbalanced for others in PvP. With no ridiculous ways to demolish people's bases we are back to the barebones typical survival style we've all grown to love from ark.YES, it's buggy, YES it's unoptimized, but the game is still fun and you never really run out of things to do.I love the system for gaining skills that you have to actually work for it, not just gain a level.I love the taming system where you actually have to tire the animal out until it's too exhausted to fight back.Don't even get me started with how fun it is to cast massive spells that tbh need to be nerfed.Pros:Fantasy rpg survival type gameSpells!Mythical CreaturesFamiliar playstyle to ArkRefreshing skill system that requires you to work for it not have it handed to you.Game developers push out patches fastCons:UnoptimizedLots of Bugs/ExploitsOP spellsLow server fps on heavily populated serversIt's Early access people, still 9/10"
76561198018812704,Recommended,529180,33684633,Posted: 20 July,all,rayx0r,"revising my review. still id say be aware the game isnt optimized but lets hope that comes later.i think my biggest complaint right now are the uncanny valley animations. and lets hope that gets addressed also.im just going to throw the warning out there that ya, the game will run a lot worse than you might expect and ya, the animations are really poor. but theres a LOT of promise to this game. I think Snail will do it justice in time"
76561198069342853,Not Recommended,529180,33731690,Posted: 22 July,all,Zaemi,"I would NOT get the game unless they end up region locking the servers because, just like Ark, the chinese come in and cheat and spawn kill and greif all day long."
76561198125404052,Recommended,529180,33796373,Posted: 25 July,all,EscapingSierra,"First off, this game is early access and is a bit like Ark. Why? Because Snail games also played a roll in the Ark creation too. With that being said, yeah there are a decent amount of similarities but with a great deal of differences as well.DnL has a magic side to it which Ark did not have. Of course you still have your swords, axe, and bow etc. But there is also earth magic, fire magic, dark magic, and ice magic. So far I am in love with this game even in its current state. There may be a few little things here and there that obviously are bugs or could be worked on, but you have to expect this out of a EA game.On another hand, DnL has NPCs in it! I played almost 300 hours of ark and love it still and NPCs are something truly unique about this game. My boyfriend and I play on our own private server, just like we did in Ark, and I enjoy it so much so far. I've read a lot of harsh reviews putting the game down, but if you are a true survival crafting player, this is another great game for you to pour hundreds of hours into. I do not know the state of the servers. I would assume it is like most games with PVP where people just love to wreck others trying to have fun, or a bit laggy, but playing on a PvE or your own server, I recommend DnL. With many more updates to come it can only get better. Keep it up Devs!"
76561198079509604,Recommended,529180,33745728,Posted: 23 July,all,Platinum Excalibur,hey i like games i like this game u might like this game it has stuff to kill and building and has xp and has water and has dirt.
,Recommended,529180,33809993,Posted: 26 July,all,Pernando Alomso,"Game Core Idea is just perfect: Ultima + Rust, PVE PVP mixed, solo play difficulty is fair, big things come grouped. World events ( NPCS horde attack)EUR US ASIA Servers, 70 players max.All Skills are obtained even by leveling up or using abilites, passive can be build. Various grade loot from enemies NPCS.Base building. Taming.Medieval world ambience with magic.No jobs, no classes. Its your choice.However, its EARLY ALPHA. Very early. If you really understand what that means.23€ right now... I didnt hesitate when it came out."
76561198061805787,Recommended,529180,34131222,Posted: 9 August,all,Young Grasshopper,good game just need a pet recall button for stuck and lost tames
,Recommended,529180,33763685,Posted: 24 July,all,Scryptar Plays Games,"For those who have a couple thousand hours in Ark (like me) you'll see a lot of things that feel familiar.For those who play Skyrim or similar games you'll also see a lot of familiar things.The great part is that these combine really well into a new game.so what is good and what is bad? keep in mind it's early access!good:the levelling system is intuitive and the tutorial-like quests guide you through the mechanicsthe UI is quite clear and ark player will remember the option to press 'Q' in yout inventory to hide the big text labelsthe graphics are nice, the game runs well - had not had a single crash yetyou get back your arrows or throwing knives once you run over them (on the ground or on a corpse)bad:some stuff is just broken (selling to vendor quest, focus potion engram not visible, ...) which is ok though... early access and fixes are being worked onno first person cam (although that is a planned feature)cannot bypass a quest (like if you have already crafted a sword and don't want to do it again)you cannot pick up your taming arrows :(some random things (like text not fitting a box)so if you like ark, if you like rpgs - i highly recommend this.if you're no fan of 30% finished games... put it on your wishlist for when it releases.I will be running a series and some streams on this game, so check it out:http://Twitch.tv/Scryptar|http://Mixer.com/Scryptar|http://YouTube.com/ScryptarPlaysGames"
76561198127700005,Recommended,529180,33766682,Posted: 24 July,all,RIPPER999,"Yes this game is like Ark but at the same time its not. It has a few issues such as the loading screen taking long. Played 18 hours straight and love it so far. No server drop, only a few lag spikes and thats about it. If you liked ark then youll love this game and I hope they continue making it better."
,Not Recommended,529180,34332939,Posted: 18 August,all,Highspy,"As of right now I can not recommend this game due to optimization issues, no 1st person, and the lack of response from developers on said issues. This game is an exact replica of Ark with magic (basically a really nice Ark mod or Total conversion) but way more limitations (collision, etc..). 2 days of hard core playing and we pretty much are left bored. I will check back in a year to see if there is anything that makes this game separate from Ark ..."
,Recommended,529180,33764898,Posted: 24 July,all,Jay,"Coming from ARK, I see the similaries, but is Dark and Light a copy? Heck no. It can stand on its own for sure. I think the game has alot of potential, things just need to be fleshed out, which is to be expected of Early Access titles. I'm going to be playing more in the future for sure. Im just waiting a bit, mainly for people to play with, but also for some updates to pass to improve the game a little. At the moment my biggest issue with the game is the lack of clarity on how to do things. You get tasks, but they dont really give any detail, and there seems to be some issue with harvesting resources, all of which im sure will be addressed. Dark and Light is definitly worth a look though guys. If you love ARK im pretty sure you'll enjoy this, just try not to compare the two and take each game for what they are."
,Recommended,529180,33767899,Posted: 24 July,all,Wraith,"To much hate towards this game. Yes, there are many similar assets and mechanics from Ark (same company owns both), however, the gameplay, skills system, and pre-existing towns and vendors make this game feel extremely different from Ark. The early game on official servers is too grindy, but the balance will work itself out soon.I have played on an official and unofficial server and no experience any of the lag mentioned in other reviews. Keep in mind I have a GTX 1070 and played on the 22nd and 23rd after a few patches were implemented to fix day 1 issues. As of now, there are a few small glitches with quest progression and other small issues. However, is it smoother and more complete than most early access games on the first weekend, Ark included."
76561198027941066,Recommended,529180,33769191,Posted: 24 July,all,(PFH) coltenasd,great game its early acsess so super buggy
76561198047189154,Recommended,529180,33765719,Posted: 24 July,all,Redrum,Very interesting and fun game it is early access but everything i have done in the game so far has worked pretty well granted the servers could use some love and optimization bit overall i feel the game will be a good game after a few tweeks
,Not Recommended,529180,34572289,Posted: 29 August,all,Sarah,"I like the idea but the game has too many bugs still. Couldn't progress with the tasks system because it wouldn't recognise that I ate the flowers (It told me to eat 3 of them). A friend with the game also gave me about 50 more to see if it'd work but still didn't. Played less than 2 hours and owned the game less than a day so requested a refund from steam 8 days ago and still not had any response to my ticket. Wouldn't recommend buying the game in its current state, maybe when its closer to completion, but as with most Early Access games that'll likely never happen. It seems to many developers it's just a way to make money on an unfinished and buggy product which never gets completed."
76561198064429865,Not Recommended,529180,34565296,Posted: 28 August,all,Zen Gilgamesh,"I'll update this to be more thorough as the game develops, but as it stands now I'm going to leave it at Not Recommended for the one simple fact that every time you try logging into the game, and I mean almost every time, you have to suffer through a ridiculous ""UE4 DNL"" crash that takes ten to fifteen minutes to relog back into the server. Come on, for real? Every time I try logging into the game! Over 200+ hours logged into this game already as you can see, and maybe a third of that has been spent dealing with this nonsense. Fix it.As it stands now, this game will definitely serve to suck you in, but that's all it does. Amidst other bugs and the biggest one that I just mentioned above, all of these hours I've sank into DnL have felt hollow."
76561198067075817,Not Recommended,529180,34364176,Posted: 19 August,all,Chazia,The game is fun to play with buddies but the drop in frames at random times makes it litterally unplayable.
76561198002733141,Recommended,529180,33976623,Posted: 2 August,all,IDENWIHAM,"All of the negative comments are going along the lines of <""This game is unfinished and probably will never be finished."">You know people said the same thing about ARK, but the developmental team held through and created a polished and very fun project. <Now they're ♥♥♥♥♥ing about the price-tag even though it's already out of Early Access, but I digress.>Don't let the Mixed Reviews rating disuade you. This game has great amounts of potential and although there are a mix-and-match tinge of feeling with Early Access titles <""Especially after so many other titles had the devs either up and ruin the game by patching it to death or by just abandoning it all together."">, I feel like this one should be given a chance.Now that is entirely up to you to decide whether or not you should take the plunge. The game at it's state isn't necessairly broken you can still play the game and see it's content and there's certainly room for polish and bug removal. I suggest that you watch videos about it online and make an educated decision before purchasing.That being said the game certainly feels ARK inspired, but adds a whole other new level of mysticism and uniqueness which is what I've been looking for. I hope that the game continues development and surprises me just as ARK did.I'll be watching this and a few other titles closesly. It's up to those of us that purchase these types of games to give honest reviews and to tell the future consumers of the health and overall condition of the game, I will certainly be checking the pulse on the game and I hope everyone else does the same.So, let us dive into the game itself.Dark and Light is a very easy game to jump into. If you know survival games you should have no problem when exploring and getting a feel for the world. What this game does right is create atmosphere and I found myself saying ""Wow"" a lot more times than I have in the past with these types of games and even with ARK overlays and feelings the title still feels like it's one of it's own. Certainly it could be a runner up next to ARK with more updates to the game itself. The spells, creatures and schematic system is also unique as is a lot of other aspects to the game. Take for example skills as a whole, in other survival games you spend points or find schematics and have to sacrifice the access of one item for another most of the time, however in Dark and Light you do not have to choose to be limited to that. Everything is on a leveling basis, if you want to have a schematic in a certain area all you have to do is level that area up and you automatically acquire the building right. This means that you could go out, explore and get resources and level up things without you even noticing. And it's not at all slow, the EXP to level ratio is quite balanced which surprised me for an early access game. It feels more fluid and more fun this way, to turn off your head and see wherever or whatever you can find before starting up your little home.All in all, Dark and Light feels like home. It feels right and it's refreshing to see that the survival genre isn't locked in cash-grabbing purgatory.I hope to see this game thrive and do well. I have a feeling that if more work is done, more spells are added and more areas and maps to explore were to appear that this game could be the next big thing.I give it 8.5/10 vodka shotsI will certainly be playing it more and tweaking my review as things come along."
76561197996838618,Recommended,529180,33996840,Posted: 3 August,all,Xercil,"Great game that has alot of merit.  Needs bug work and optimization, which hopefully they'll do early this time around."
76561198155897104,Recommended,529180,33961383,Posted: 1 August,all,JakesL,"This game is the new ARK, Yes there is bugs here and there but the Dev is busy fixing it so that we can all have a good game together. the game play is much better then ark, there is more off a story line to this game you have to work your self up to get Wat you wanto get. i will defnatly recommend this game over ARK any time because of the game play"
76561198006169257,Recommended,529180,34040704,Posted: 5 August,all,E4GLEyE,"I will thumb it up, as for me it was well worth the price tag... BUT Know that this game is Really a Badly Optimised and Bug Ridden piece as of now... I play SinglePlayer only in it and its good fun, roaming around, exploring and leveling all those traits :) so much to do, not a short game (and you can set the game to be as grindy or as fast as you want it to be)"
76561197985845016,Recommended,529180,34204929,Posted: 12 August,all,derge,Dark and Light has many similarities to ark not surprising since Snail games owns Studio Wild Card and is using ark assets  to make Dark and Light.. However the fantasy setting and  rpg feel is already showing glimpses  of how different game can be.. taming mechanic is different enough to be fun and yet similar enough to get into...  I am particularly fond of the skill progression.. want to be a better caster work on magic stuff.. better crafter make better gear... Master of building go to it young architect.. Do not get me wrong game has a long way to go to be a great game.. But IMHO its a good and promising start.. If you don't like unfinished features or waiting for the next level of content wait a while.. else dive on in my fellow adventurers..
,Not Recommended,529180,34548168,Posted: 28 August,all,harvestingmoon1991,"Honestly I would have given this game a 4/10 before as it is in very early stages, but at this point I'd say it's worth more a 2/10.It has quite a few bugs to be expected which are for the most part managable. The main issue now after the last update is a new ""feature"" they added. If you don't log in for 3 days you lose your structures, and that is including your storage chests and items in it (you do keep your inventory).So the problem I'm having is this. I play on a 7 person server of friends who don't care about if we log in every single day. I work a varying hour job. I hadn't been able to log in for the last few days due to that and needing to catch up on sleep. Just like that, 15 hours of the 17 I put into the game is absolutely gone.The choice is yours. If you can manage to log in within that three days until you grow bored of the game great. If you can't, don't get too attached to your home or things."
,Recommended,529180,33724811,Posted: 22 July,all,Wabbit Season,"The game itself is unique, and fills a nich in the sandbox genre that badly needed filling. Even in early access it is extraordinarily deep with crafting, spells, etc. The landscapes and mobs are awe-inspiring, the in-game music adds to the scenery and gives an overall feeling of epicness. The only real complaint that people seem to have is that the game was hastily released, and thus has some optimization issues. I don't notice them as much on my beast rig, but I know this is intermittently a problem for others. There are some things that need polishing, as this is an early access game, and I have high hopes that the devs will address these issues rapidly.tl;dr  amazing game, needs optimization"
,Recommended,529180,33722917,Posted: 22 July,all,kastnerfam,"Such whiny babies on these reviews.  This game rocks.  Seriously.. it's $25 right now. That's like buying a new map on ARK, except you get a whole different world of creatues and powers to discover. My kids and I are about 10 hours into it and is it a little buggy here and there? Yeah.. but, it's early access. That's the deal you make when you purchase it for this low price. I've yet to see anything that's so buggy we can't workaround.Some of the fantasy creatures in this game look absolutely amazing.  Really great stuff. The magic spells are pure fun. I have a feeling we'll put a lot of hours into this game, and at $25, it's a SUPERB value.Enjoy!"
,Recommended,529180,33724855,Posted: 22 July,all,Frontschwein,Great potential...
,Recommended,529180,33845068,Posted: 27 July,all,Kalypsia,"Dark and Light is one of the games I have been anticipating on playing since one of their first trailers. I got it day one and have played any time I could. With that in mind, this review will have nothing to do with it's relativity to ARK or other sandbox games, and will purely be insightful based off of my opinion having played for the amount of time I have thus far, and will possibly change as new updates roll out. And with that, here we go.Dark and Light is a mythical Sandbox-Survival game in a land of spells, wyverns, and undead.Pros:•Not a very stressful beginning.•Progression isn't a hair-puller.•Most communities are (so far) very nice.•Dieing isn't super tragic until around level 27.•For an Early Access game, it's very well polished.•Lag isn't that big of an issue, and if you do lag, it doesn't make the game unplayable.Now, the cons are all going to come from the perspective of someone around the level of 27.Cons:•The Goblins hit your home for about 4. With houses having ~5000-20000 health, that's not so bad. However, REAPERS AND SKELETONS hit your house (multiple walls) for 2000+ each, leaving no sence of protection.•Starting over at this point feels more like a bad repeat movie.•Armor doesn't have enough durability.•Because of these two factors, finding a spot where you and your home will be safe requires far too much time and effort.•There is very spotty lag, however it is manageable and doesn't effect the game too much.I don't think that any review comparing this to ARK is sound in the slightest. It's very fun in its own way and it hasn't been uniniteresting in the entire time that I've played. Not to mention it being the one game that could pull me away from my main game."
76561198005307285,Recommended,529180,33844761,Posted: 27 July,all,Joake,"Bad Reviews almost made me skip out on this game, glad i didnt. its cheap, and like other people have already said, the game gets better with each patch and this is EA done right in my eyes atleast, but do keep in mind it's really early EA and performance is probably the biggest con right now. I was one of the few who played ark when the Early acces came out, and the game turned out better then most people thought it would."
76561198131227808,Recommended,529180,33722763,Posted: 22 July,all,Chrisell918,"Okay, So let me start this review by saying that giving a game negative reviews on its day1 launch into Early Access due to bugs and graphical glitches is insane. Dark and Light is a great concept that draws inspiration from games such as Rust and ARK. DNL expands on survival games such as these by adding WoW style NPCs and quests to the game along with faction separated economies. DNL has ALOT of potential and I would recommend it to anyone who understands that Early Access games go must through their fair share of growing pains before they become classics (WoW, Runescape, ARK, RUST etc..). Furthermore, I would also like to point out that this game is only 30% complete according to the developers so much more content is expected to come moving forward."
76561197971338589,Recommended,529180,33722735,Posted: 22 July,all,FuNkY MaNgO,"Well this isnt a full review but after 10 hours playing I feel I can comment somewhat.I am really liking the game so far, having a fair mix of survival and rpg elements. Initially I am going to give the game a 5star as currently I am having a blast. Getting robbed by an NPC goblin on my first trip out was something new and gave me my own quest to go and find the little bugga to get my stuff back. The skills are well thought out and interesting to use although you just kind of aquire them rather than make a 'tree' branch choice/selection. At this point there still seems like loads to learn and lots to explore but time will tell.Graphically the game looks great on 'my' system which is Nvidia 980 and with everything on max I still seem to have a good frame rate.For under £20 and clocking in just over ten hours so far, even if I only get another 10hours i would feel like I had paid a good price for it but I see many more hours than that ahead yet.I will try and update this review in another 30 or so with my thoughts.See you in game ;)"
76561198106192198,Recommended,529180,33723188,Posted: 22 July,all,SoulfulFoil,"I will say that the game is still easily in development and it does show, but it still is a great start to the game and has a lot of potential once they get everything polished out. (But I will admit that killing a longhorn and watching its head spin around on its neck was actually really funny to watch.) While I have been mostly playing singleplayer and adjusted some of the stats, its still not bad by any means and the graphics are quite good so far with very nice monsters and animals around to look at, though I really need to go out and see what else is out there. But it has many elements of Ark in it besides the fact that when I finally built my house near a little river, that very night a bunch of skeletons rose up and attacked me. I literally just hide inside my house and waited for them to leave when I realized I couldn't take them, but it was satisfying when I finally got one since I managed to lure him away. So it is a nice development so far...as long as you don't go in the water in some areas. Literally was trying to tame myself a lil' sheepy and he ran off into the water and I tried to follow and a swarm of fish came at me. Gave me slaughterfish nightmares...But yea, I think the game is worth the money the are asking for and certainly has a few problems, but it is EA and if they go in the same line as Ark, it will be great in the long run. Hope this helps."
76561198029605442,Recommended,529180,33723532,Posted: 22 July,all,brettthomson_68,"At the time of writing this i have 7 hours of game time...I will start off by addressing the elephant in the room, the people comparing this to ""Ark: Survival Evolved"" are just wrong. I currently have 900+ hours in Ark and I can honestly say, no this is not Ark. When you first jump into the game you are met by some very familiar Ark-like qualities, but passed the 1 hour game time mark you soon realize this is a different ball game. After putting some time into Official servers I decided that I would like to just run my own server to get away from all the baby cries coming out of the Officials.After my server was live, a few of the hiccups I noticed on the Official server I noticed were no longer present. Which means if you want to play on Official it is most likely just a latency issue and those can be ironed out fairly quick....No need for crying ""children."" I was going to try and avoid having to state the fact that this is an Early Access game, but it has to be stated.This game simply put, is not here for your enjoyment (the devs want your help, find a bug and report it...QUIT CRYING). Yes you can fully enjoy it and if I come across a ""bug"" nothing has stopped me from being able to move on and do something else. With only 7 hours of game time at this point, I am fully satisfied at the $25 this game costs. I will be able to get more than my moneys worth out of this games developement and also be able to help with it along the way.To sum it up, I would highly recommend this game. Give it a few hours of game time free from criticism and you will see the huge potential it has and won't be able to put it down. Early Access or not, this game is great.10 out of 10 devs ;)"
76561198150673229,Recommended,529180,33844789,Posted: 27 July,all,FauxKing,"If you're familiar with any survival game's you'll be able to get the hang of this game fairly easily. The magic and skills system is already better than any survival game I'v played yet and the building, while basic, is pretty good. You 100% do not want to play on the official servers, progression is way too slow. Dark and Light is already deeper than ARK or Conan Exiles and it's only just hit early access.That's not to say this game is without problems, there are lots of performance issues, using a GTX 1070 I was unable to reach anything higher than 40fps accross all settings which was weird, I found a work around on google which pushed my FPS upto the 80's with frequent drops still but far more acceptable.TL;DR Good survival game, poor optimization (to be expected). Potential for greatness."
76561197987677697,Recommended,529180,34015927,Posted: 4 August,all,Crydie,"Overall very positive experience, by far my favourite survival game. Only problem is the frequent framerate drops that really gets on my nerves since it can lead to not hitting stuff or dying.Pros:-hunger and thirst don't go down that easily, unless its hot or cold/you take damage-you won't die in quick succession if you go to zero with hunger and thirst so you have some time to react-you don't need to sleep as often as I thought you would have to-casting is nice-taming beasts feels rewarding-every beast and flying creature feels abit different to ride, especially flying mounts, and they have different purposes-the world is interesting and not too hard to navigate without a map once you get used to it-the questlines are a nice tutorial-shared xp with guild nearbyCons:-Loading in still takes at least 5 minutes with SSD, more without-Still poor optimization resulting in poor framerate even with decent hardware(GTX 960) on lowest settings, frequent freezes-Tamed beasts are easy to lose if you aren't careful"
76561198017854615,Recommended,529180,34016673,Posted: 4 August,all,strange99z,"It is actually fun, playing coop with a friend. Tried offical pve server was getting some desync, bought another copy ran dedicated server on another pc, it showed up on lan. No problems, great concepts, great graphics. Beware starting out the things that look like panthers an the grim reaper looking things are freaking brutal. Goblins stealing your junk after they kill you kinda awesome, finding the the chest they stashed your stuff in even better. Would reccomend, if you have a good comp and can find a server without the lag or desync.Oh it would be helpful if there was a way to turn on nameplates for stuff lol, its very hard sometimes to know the level of what is around you cause it doesnt go in any sort of progression it is totally random. Safe spots with bunnies can switch to wolves and panthers etc."
,Not Recommended,529180,34621521,Posted: 30 August,all,Mutterbilk,"i have a GTX 1080 and i7 and am running on Low settings with maybe 40 fps? Couldnt seem to find a map, and idk where i'm going. refunded, gonna wait for release when its cheaper. not worth $30 rn"
,Recommended,529180,34313609,Posted: 17 August,all,Bananatee,Interesting game concept. This game is worth playing. It contains fantasy and survival elements that blend well. Some new concepts are mixed with older ones from the survival series.  Don't let your bias of having played similar games get in the way of enjoying this one. Overall wanderful fantasy experience with minor early access bugs. I would like to ask the devs to further develop the npcs in towns giving them more purpose. If players had  more of a stake in the npcs well being they would be better defended and more valued within the world.
76561198045022464,Recommended,529180,34323001,Posted: 18 August,all,Ramierd1,I just have to say. This game has definitly exceeded my expectations. I would have to say this game is pretty much like Skyrim and Ark had a baby. But the baby had better genes and DNA. With that being said. I see great potential in the game as for it's growth and content in the future. It has come such a far way in such a short amount of time. I know i do not have many hours logged. But the reason behind that is when i first bought the game there were several bug's i was waiting to get fixed. Which having said that those bugs have been fixed and i love playing the game. I honestly cannot find a con to give this game as i enjoy every aspect i have encountered. I do hope to see so much more growth and improvement. Thank you for a great game and keep doing what you're doing.
76561198253012879,Recommended,529180,33727001,Posted: 22 July,all,lmayorga,"Good game with lots of potential. This gem simply needs to be polished,"
,Recommended,529180,33944928,Posted: 1 August,all,TM Blood,"Right out the gate this runs better then ARK. I have 1.6k hours into ark and ill let you in on the good and the bad.I was extremely skeptical to buy a game running the same engine and basically re skinning things as it seemed from videos and screenshots i saw.This review is on a PVP official server.So first off..The talent/skill and crafting sytem..- This really makes this game shine and makes you feel like you have a purpose and a reason to play and keep gathering things and crafting things. (new spells)(new structures)-The skill tracking system is really a nice touch and great in this game, making you gather one more piece of wood to unlock a new skill or structure.-The quest tracker is really nice to be able to get an idea of what you are doing and possibly to scout out some things to look forward too, when it works. (it bugged for me a few times)The overall feel and combat sytem- This really is the main difference between ark and this game. The way it feels in 3rd person and being able to dash side to side and cast spells feels really smooth. where in ark moving or accessing things was always slow clunky feeling.- The hit boxes sometimes feel off and it prob has to do with optimization and servers atm.- The way you fight has many options and you dont feel locked to a super powerful animal/dino that you and your mates spent 3 months breeding for 400 hours just to get top tier stats. right out the gate you feel like you are doing damage with spells and not struggling as hard against AI.The leveling system- does a feel bit grindy lv 1-10 but it doesnt feel like RNG just made all your things dissapear because you lag teleported to death.(ark)- It feels very rewarding and immersive everytime you level and see new things you can cook,craft, enchant, and use for weapons.PvP-So far i havnt been KOS yet, i havnt seen much drama. chinese apparently are force feeding 1 character to max on our server. other than that friendly and chill community.- another cool thing you get a shield around your base and the opposing house has to declare war against you. I am not 100 percewnt sure how it all works yet or if anyone is exploiting it yet but we havn't been offlined yet.Some negatives as it has just been realeased and if you are not a patient gamer please wait to purchase or get some hair on that sack and be involved in something.- Fps drop has happened 2 times in the first 3 hours ive played. one being a structure built between to caverns was lagging me out for whatever reason and the other was when i was in the starting city. Other than that i play medium, nothing on low. as ark i would do all low setings and still get terrible fps and major lag spikes to this day.- Trying to traverse up cliffs or semi steep terrain can be really annoying.-Having to lay foundations on almost perfectly flat terrain is pretty annoying.- Quest tracker has bugged on me.-Loading screen to get into the game feels like it takes 10 years.(will update as i go on) Thanks for reading!"
76561197967402125,Recommended,529180,34309925,Posted: 17 August,all,de Lyons,"I've so far logged 125 hours into this game. First survival type game.And I'm having tons of fun. So much that I convinced one friend to buy and I gifted it to another, and they love it too.There are lots of annoying bugs and imbalances as expected from an early access, but I love the core idea of the game. The devs seem to be on the ball with continuing work and I very much look forward to seeing the finished product in the future.I don't understand why it gets so much negative views - the expected bugs and imbalances aside, I'm having a blast. I like that the devs are first focusing on fixing bugs rather than chucking out half-arsed content - updates seem to be weekly, sometimes twice a week.I really hope more people get this to support the development of the game. I will recommend to more friends and perhaps even gift more if I have the cash available.Recommended if you want a BEATIFUL fantasy universe (magic/dragons/swords) and would like to try an Ark-type survival game (which I've never played but have been told it is the most popular in the genre. F*** lasers on dinasors though, that is just dumb.)"
,Recommended,529180,34113875,Posted: 8 August,all,HotSteelSandwich,"This game is a blast, its easy to get lost in and play for hours. The concept is very close to Ark Survival evolved, but it brings a new feel with the quest line. It has various bugs which get annoying, but its a blast to play and I look forword to its completion someday."
76561198046332496,Not Recommended,529180,34311916,Posted: 17 August,all,Track,"I tried multiple times to play this game, but after the menu, I just get stuck or it does not load.  I left it over night one time to see if the game would actually load but it just stayed at the loading screen without any success. I really, really wanted to play this game, but I can't. Now trying to get a refund for a fraction of the price sucks since I couldn't even play this game to begin with.  I never had this problem before with a game and have always been able to play any games on this computer."
76561198099681584,Not Recommended,529180,33956302,Posted: 1 August,all,tribalcurrent,unplayable. Loading screen takes 20 minutes and once in game i get 2fps at lowest settings. This is with a laptop that can play the Witcher 3. Hopefully they optimize it in the future.
76561197995193913,Not Recommended,529180,33956568,Posted: 1 August,all,ManOfTheEmpire,"Its alright big issues being desnyc and load timesLoad times means you can boil kettle, make coffee, have breakfast in the time it takes to load the game alonedesnyc is so infuriating. you want to gather some meat from the beasty you just shot? well 2 and half minutes later you will still be hacking away.want to be a melee mage using runes? nope because you'll never hit the mob thats in front of your nose as you rubberband backwards and side and sideNeeds patching BIG TIME on connectivity official servers before i could recommend this"
76561198186683555,Not Recommended,529180,34251025,Posted: 15 August,all,Stuxnet,This Game feels more like an Alpha.The game mechanics are totally messed up in the sense that when you hit stones/trees/metal nodes or anything that can be farmed then it wont register over half the hits.So what you would spend 10 mins to farm will take maybe 20 or 30 mins.Also when you engage in combat it is the same problem you can click 100 times on the mouse and the game wont register you are trying to hit the target and then other times you only have to click 20 times to hit the target once.The game will be good if it gets finished but for now i wouldnt waste my moneys on this game unless the at least halfn the price.
,Recommended,529180,33716882,Posted: 22 July,all,Vic,"The game is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!First I want to say that I play it on -lowmemory -d3d10 launch options and I run it perfectly on:geforce gtx 750 TiCoire i3 3,70 Ghz8GB RAMthe ""big loading screens"" are something like 5-10 minutesthe only a bit frostrating bug is that the sky is a bit buggy (idk if it is only me but it has so much reandom bright colors)the game has very high potentialThe game doesn't really feel that much like ARK (i have 2500 hours in ARK)My graphics are pretty bad but I still enjoy it :)You can watch some gameplay of the game and if you like just buy it :)I run it on 60+ FPS on my garbage PC with the steam launch optionsPeople who hate the game probably don't know what Early Access means!The servers are not so perfect right now but this will probably be fixed very soon.Also you can steal gold from other players :D10/10"
,Recommended,529180,33717803,Posted: 22 July,all,RobertWasHere,"I keep noticing all the negative reviews from this gameare coming from people who have barely played an hour and most of them are just complaining about the performance on official servers ( which I will admit is pretty♥♥♥♥♥but they're already working on it)  which is obviously going to be♥♥♥♥♥at launch. I've been playing on a dedicated server for the last 2 days and have managed to wrack up 12 hours in game and I have to say it's a lot of fun if you take the time to get used to everything and understand what you're doing. Sure this game has issues but it's Early Access, what do you expect? The biggest issues of the game that I have noticed so far are: It takes quite a lot of XP to level up,  combat can be a bit clunky when it comes to AI, and it's easy to die to enemy mobs, and some of the ingame quests you can do bug out. Obviously there's a few bugs here and there but other than that the game is quite solid. There's a decent amount of conent ( a lot more content compared to when ARK first released) and the game has plenty of things to do that will keep you busy. My advice to anyone thinking about buying this game is to stay away from Official servers.I'm posting this review to help even out current score on steam. People keep giving this game♥♥♥♥♥♥reviews because they hardly give it the time of day and judge it based off of Official servers. This game has a lot of potential and I'm sure with enough time and support I can easily see it surpasing ARK one day."
76561198058835787,Recommended,529180,33718674,Posted: 22 July,all,RINJA™,"Overall I am most pleased with this game, a few bugs here and there but after all early access is part of the tags.There have been far too many negative reviews from people with lesson than 1 hour of gameplay and all I can say is that they have not given it the chance, after the main tutorial things start to fall in place and the game becomes a lot simpler.Pros- I run graphics on low specifically cause my GTX 760 can't handle much but even then the game still looks visually pleasing and I am quite impressed how it runs on a comparrison to Ark.- I do enjoy the combat system although it needs work.- The addition of magic changes perspective on survival games in a overwhelmingly positive way.- Although I have well over 1000 hours in Ark, I am already prefering Dark and Light to it.Cons- Some minor frame drops entering and exiting cities.- Some quests are bugged as well as csome buggy combat.- AI of the NPC's need work.- Overall the cities could use work but again early access.Nothing anyone couldn't expect from an early access game but this game has major potential and I have faith that the developers know what they are doing and I approve where their mindset is but please for everything that is only steer away fromTech Tier, actually anything related to that just forget it because in my opinion that is exactly what killed Ark.Continue the way it is now and the game will have big things instore for the near future."
,Recommended,529180,34045688,Posted: 5 August,all,btrthnu,"I don't understand why people are complaining about the lag.... Unless you play on a potato, you will only have a little bit of delay lag/back jumps every now and then but that's the worst of it, and that's present in most online games. I get around 40FPS average too which is pretty good for an alpha stage game, considering I only get an average of 30FPS on Ark. (I play on MAX settings)Ark is WAYYY more laggy. I have a GTX 980ti, and the minimum is 970 so I think if you're lagging badly it's your fault for not checking the specs.Awesome game, definitely see myself getting addicted to it. (As I spent 7 hours on it the day I got it, lol)It's gorgeous, there's tons of content and more to come. If you liked ark and you don't game on a potato, you'll love this game."
76561197971407800,Recommended,529180,34071271,Posted: 6 August,all,Fillet,"Tentative recommendation. World is huge and beautiful, UI is a cluster♥♥♥♥, loading times are potentially a hazard if you don't have a very modern setup. You really want to meet the recommended specs not the minimum or you're gonna have a Bad Time.This review is from someone who has never touched Ark so consider it naive in that regard.I'm playing single player generally running around living out my LoTR fantasies. Would love to be able to hire NPCs to follow me around. Would be a good gold-sink.  Get a little fellowship going.Combat is alright. a lot of the time it devolves to running in circles trying to out lock a larger creature. Which I guess is reasonable fair to the reality of the situation.This game is going after the co-op survival market but at present the server code means that harvesting and combat is foobar on official servers, with maybe 1 out of 5 hits actually registering. Apparently servers with lower populations are more playable but for the time being I'm just learning and having fun in single player. The default XP rates are a tedious grind too.If you're willing to put up with some hassle for the potential of an epic freeform adventure and have the hardware to make it work then I'd say go for it. Otherwise maybe check back in 6 months."
,Recommended,529180,33893668,Posted: 29 July,all,BigCountry,If you loved ARK you will love this game. It's ARK without all the stupid tech. Throw in 3 factions and magic casting and it actually feels pretty original. I will be putting a lot of hours into this one. 25 dolllars well spent.
,Recommended,529180,34141276,Posted: 10 August,all,EXalteD_ChaoS,"I'm enjoying myself tremendously. There are a few things that are still an issue, but they're pumping out updates like no other. I feel it's unfair that most of the negative reviews are ""this is an ark ripoff"" spewage, let's get legitimate reasons to downrate please. I'm currently writing this as a patch is being put into place right now, and all of my experience has been on an official server(s). A lot of people say there is a huge load in time, I don't experience a load longer than 2 or 3 minutes at most, the melee is garbo right now, super hard to hit things with the desyncing, but oddly the ranged works perfectly (spells and ranged weapons.) There are many servers with dead npcs, though they're putting in respawn timers right now, and even without the npcs, it didn't seem to effect my development as a character much anyway. I did find a server with all their npcs in place, and I really only spent 10 minutes or so dealing with thier money, then I was off to level up and establish a little outpost of my own. At the early levels the skills you can choose to start advancing is pretty limited, which is sort of a let down, but once you start hitting higher levels then you can start focusing on what you want to level. This is a great game, and despite the poor reviews early,  the company seems to want to put the effort into making this game amazing, and I have no doubt that they'll achieve it sooner rather than later. I hope to see you guys join up."
,Recommended,529180,33816018,Posted: 26 July,all,Zi,Definitely not an ARK clone. Obviously EA but has a stunning framework!
,Recommended,529180,34298200,Posted: 16 August,all,Ronin-Cross,"Grom, leader of Clan Battlebeard; a warrior of unrivaled skill and valor. I set out on my journey from the dwarven homeland killing foul spiders and untrustworthy sheep.Upon reaching the edge of some dark and undoubtedly UNHOLY wood(s?) I decided to make a hunting lodge for my clan. While doing so I saw a battleboar snorting a patch of swamp land, the sign of a true warrior pig; so I decided he must be mine. It was a fight for the ages, I punched my faithful hog into submission and then saddled him up. It was glorious.We were only together for a short time, my battlehog and I; it started when the other boars saw my new friend ""Grunt"" and decided to attack him. Three on one, it was an uneven and dirty fight; those boars never stood a chance.As I was congratulating Grunt a pair of Treants came near, now let me explain something about battlepigs and Treants; they don't like em. Grunt charged the massive elf-lovers while I ran in after trying to mount him to ride him to safety; but then it happened, I started to believe in Grunt. I watched as he battled the treemen, tearing into them as they knocked over the nearby trees, but finally with a crash one stomped Grunt into the ground as I cried out in anguish... mah pig was gone.I barely escaped with my life after that; I let my rage guide me and now I am leader of my people. Our forges never sleep, and all the mountains bow down to us; Grunt, my battleboar will be avenged.The real review now:I was worried because of all the negative reviews about the lag and loading issues; the game loaded in less than 2 minutes and there's essentially no lag on the server I play on.This is by far my favorite game now; its the right combo and D&D type fantasy world with open world survival. I could never get into Ark because I usually play solo but this game has towns with upgradable NPC's to buy and sell too, three major cities for Dwarf, Elf, and Human, ruins to explore, and monsters that are actually fun to fight straight from any fantasy setting."
76561198219977793,Recommended,529180,33823668,Posted: 26 July,all,Classact,"Well all I can say is Incredible game!I am only a few hours in and absolutely loving the survival, magic, building, creatures...everything :)I have 2500 hours combined between my 2 Ark accounts and although this game is of course different, it is already very addictive!The potential for this game is amazing.  Modders do your thing.Now let's hope the devs don't start patching things and slowly screwing the game up like WC did :("
76561197999613236,Recommended,529180,34074655,Posted: 6 August,all,Bob Bash'em,"This is an interesting take on a medieval fantasy setting. I personly like the mix of magic, swords and bows. The creatures are very unique with wolfs and sheep to fullon grim reaper.I have played for 26 hours post review. And i have enjoyed most of those hours building, taming and dying. Of course theres a few bugs i have ran into but it's early access an only realesed like 2 weeks ago. They have allready done a major update recently and it's help improve the experience for me.This is a good game with friends but alone would be tedest and boring.I would give it a try if you like these style of games. And if you like Ark survivle evolved you would most definetly like dark and light. Taming is most satisfing with bows and magic at your disposal to destroy your enemys with a sharpend stone tip arrow head heading straight at you enemys head piercing thier skull or a fireball ready to burn its victims.I'll be playing this game for a while i think."
76561198066677167,Recommended,529180,34074546,Posted: 6 August,all,usabigcountry,"Tons of potential and tons of bugs, I mean tons! However I still enjoy the game and it seems the devs are on top of it. If you can handle bugs the game is fun. It's EA so what do you expect."
,Recommended,529180,33788541,Posted: 25 July,all,bOqs_✪,Worth it and people who are saying it isn't haven't played enough to see how the game really plays.Give it a go ;D
,Recommended,529180,33992665,Posted: 3 August,all,Ron_Solo_,"I first heard about DNL on Twitch, watching some streamers play it.  At first, I thought ""This is just another survival game.""  However my opinion quickly changed when they started using magic, crafting summoning pools, and just how large the map is.I had purchased the game, and played single player for a while just to learn the mechanics before actually creating a dedicated server.  I ran into a huge problem however when I tried to create the server.  I was unable to run the server in admin mode and kept getting ""Windows cannot find DNLServer.exe...""  I initially thought it was the game, and possibly still could be, but I find a workaround eventually.  I ran the server on another computer, in safe mode, and it worked!  Possibly a win 10 problem, and nothing to do with DNL so it does not affect my opinion.I played Citadel:Forge with fire while I could not get a server up for DNL.   Coming from that game, I felt much more at home with DNL.The game is very hard for anyone not used to survival games.  So for myself, I had gotten killed very early on multiple times.  However I learned, survived, and made it around ok.  I found that enemies do way more damage than they need to on low level instances, so I changed that game settings in the ini file to half the damage.  This made the game much more enjoyable for a casual player like me, but still giving me that dark souls vibe difficulty.I am 55 hours into this game.  And I can honestly say I have so much more to do.  So much to discover.  One time I was exploring woods, stumbled upon a frigen unicorn.  That same time I immediately was attacked by 4 bears.  Kiting them and running I barely survived but killed them all.  Another time I journeyed to ruins, and was rewarded with darkstone a rare material.  Flying around I found a tree in the world that is massive, with bridges going to other trees.Pros-A huge world to explore-Awesome skill level up system keeps things interesting even 55 hours in.-Enemies are terrifying, but when defeated you feel amazing.-The world has many secrets, including an iron greatsword only crafted at a cyclops camp.  Or a club that knocks beasts out for you to tame them.-Graphics are beautiful when frames are there.-I spent 25 bucks, and I easilly got my moneys worth.-Getting an iron greatsword was an amazing adventure.Cons-Early access, so things are not polished.-Frames with drop to 5fps in some areas, especially around massive trees-Enemies DESTROY armor durabillity WAY too quick.-Taming time for some creatures could be over an hour...  Only to die on the way home.  I turned this multiplier up by 5x, making a panther tamable in about 30 min.-High demand on GPU-repetitive attackingI watched many streamers play this game.  One rage quite because the hammer he kept using would not hit the panther killing him.  I understand the frustration, I too had many attacks not hit.  However the game is EA and has been out only a week.  There are a lot of things that need fixing, but I have confidence the team got this.  To avoid frustration, I would work on getting the iron spear as early as possible, it hits almost every time and the DMG output is great.There are a lot of things in this game.  A ton of mechanics, and I do hope they add some sort of combo system or mechanic.  It does not have to be crazy complex, just something like Dark souls.  Be able to hold a spear with two hands for stronger attacks would be awesome, as well as an attack that hits enemies around you versus just in front.I am very excited to jump back in and explore.  55 hours in, and I have just gotten started I feel like.  But I loved every moment."
76561198149983544,Recommended,529180,34119298,Posted: 8 August,all,twitch.tv/whytie14,What everyone needs to realise is that this is still early access so of course there will be lagging and bugs (they even say this on the main menu) i have only played this game for a short time but am enjoying it alot. The only downside on some servers are the chinese spawn killing and killing the NPC's so not alot to be done.
,Recommended,529180,33991201,Posted: 3 August,all,NaZ,"this game is getting alot fo heat because its early access or its similar to citadel.in my opinion... if you like mmo rpg, and ark this is your game.stunning world, amazing content.citadel and dark and light are two different games, both are good. both have future.PRo: graphics, monsters look bad♥♥♥♥♥ character races (elf,dwarf,human) role playing on this game could be bad♥♥♥♥♥you can build a villageMy rating 10/10Cons: minimal bugs, wish the spells could look cooler, wish the house rental system could be working better. wish the devil cat isnt too op Fast"
,Recommended,529180,33770400,Posted: 24 July,all,Kit Sokudo,Being early access there's bugs as to be expected but largely the game is already a lot of fun and runs better than ark which is nice considering it's built on the same back end. If you've played ARK the UI is pretty easy to use. Private servers allow customization and with mods later I'm sure there will be all kinds of fantasy worlds set up with the magic system already in place.
,Recommended,529180,33934618,Posted: 31 July,all,Wombat,I have 11 hours on the game and thought I would write a review. I have over 1000 hours on ark. This game is extremely similar to ark. A couple things I like about DNL is that it takes a fraction of the time compared to ark and the knowledge system is fun. A couple cons that I see in this game that I can see why people hate it is starting out is very hard. The harvesting is broken I have chopped at a dead animal for 10 minutes trying to get it's resources this might be a simple fix but it is terrible. The game is choppy at times near water. But i recommend the game and this it's a blast the magic feels very impactful. However the melee is kind of broken
,Recommended,529180,33971405,Posted: 2 August,all,ZiMPaN,"Its rough at the start but gets ALOT more fun when you get your mount and explore the beautiful world the devs have created. Alot of content will keep you busy for HOURS upon HOURS.The desync in the game is still pretty darn bad but I hope they will fix it in a future patch, so until then you shouldnt try killing mobs with melee weapons but magic and bow+arrow is the way to go!Get the ♥♥♥♥ away from the panthers."
76561198153249519,Recommended,529180,33805780,Posted: 26 July,all,ZombieHellDog,9/10 for the singleplayer(i haven't played multiplayer yet). Absolutely brilliant! It has similarities to ARK which makes it easy to pick up if youve played ARK. There are a few glitches ive found but considering that its been less than a week since release is pretty damn good.There are only a few bad things in the game that ive seen so far. The friendly fire on your animals is trash ive spent over 2k gold coins on horses because ive accidentally shot them whilst trying to hit a griffin or harvest a tree. There are a few glitchy places where when you die you can't access your item cache and if you log out it dissapears. It is also extremely annoying when the horse(i dont know if it happens with any other creatures)run into the bodies of whatever has been killed.The taming is also quite difficult but rewarding and it makes sense how the animal gets tired trying to pull away from the ropes.Overall its a great game with a lot of potential and it is definitely worth a buy.
,Recommended,529180,33803892,Posted: 26 July,all,Cipher,"Dont often recommend games, but its worth to try out for 25$ essepcially if your into survival, taming creatures, fantasy. obviously early access. so if you arent in it for the long haul of updates, content drops and bug fixes."
,Recommended,529180,33859073,Posted: 28 July,all,Nōćturnal_Legend,"Hello this is my first review but I have been gaming for over 20yrs though i am not an expert I also am not a noob. This game does not get the justice it deserves all thses bad reviews are not needed. I played over 100 hrs of Ark on PS4 before switching platforms, this game is not ark though it is made with same engine and similar platform that is where the similarites end. Also my grammer sucks thanks to those who point it out your awesome. This game has many influnces and does not play or feel like ark they have little in common this game is way better than Ark and is only 30% complete. If you have not put more than 5hrs into this game do not review and review knowing it is not done and has bugs. This is a survival sandbox that has a witcher/dragon age theme pretty much and plays like ark/dragon age combined with some hints of minecraft I think such as the factions and crafting of potions and spells. This game is good and I plan to put hundreds of hrs into it."
,Recommended,529180,33729894,Posted: 22 July,all,Mala Vražica,"It's a really fun game, that got bunch of negative reviews for no good reason. If you go read the negative reviews they all say it has ark assets. That personally doesn't bothering me and if you're not bothered by few ark assets go and try the game."
76561198021841131,Recommended,529180,33729497,Posted: 22 July,all,DeMo0223,I only have 6 hours in and I am enjoying it every minute. I have Ark as well and sure there are bunch of similarities being on the same engine but they are two different games.As many people have said don't knock it before you try it. Looking forward to see what new things await.
76561198028395434,Recommended,529180,34864535,Posted: 10 September,all,Boatabike,"Enjoying the game very much. Unofficial server lightly boosted,  and no log no dysnc and a great community. Highly recommend this game as of now. Devs are doing stuff, and the whiners on steam are doing there best to cry the game down.  Personal experience to date 200+ hours is good."
76561198017338981,Not Recommended,529180,35232484,Posted: 26 September,all,GrayBanana,I'll get straight to the point: when the game works it can be fun.  The problem is that there are game breaking bugs that the devs can't/won't fix.  Loading into a black screen and getting dumped to the main menu has been an issue for over a month.  Don't waste your time on this game until it's released.
,Not Recommended,529180,34251509,Posted: 15 August,all,Roguesniper csgobig.com,Honestly quite a fun game i played this nonstop for 2 weeks but saying this i know ive played quite alot but this game is lacking alot of what it shows in the video and there are so many issues i cant even begin to explain them i highly recommend waiting a few months on this game after they throw out some major patches and possibly wipe servers alot of servers are dominated by chinese or some other huge group that have so much power u cant do anything but thats the smallest of problems compared to lag animal bugs hit reg issues hope to see this game shine later on
76561198210582183,Recommended,529180,33759896,Posted: 23 July,all,Crimn,"While this game deffiently shares some concepts with ark, it is in no way shape or form a ark copy, to begin witht the mmo aspect is very prevalent from having the starting cities to the differnt areas you can explore. Like in most mmo you have th beginning area where you don really need to leave, and you progressively move on to harder area when you are allowed, now while you can tecnically go anywhere from the start, the way the area are set up show the aspect of where you can go and at what level. So like even being a lvl 30 i dare not go to far because the farther i leave the spawn area the scarier the creatures are, unlike in ark where you can pretty much spawn anywherer and have to deal with creatures like rexes.So all in should you get this game?? Yes if you want a good mix between mmo and ark and no if you just hate the fact that its imliar to ark in any way shape or form that the guys who have played like 3 hours seem to enjoy saying."
76561198138421835,Recommended,529180,33736983,Posted: 22 July,all,Banoogie,"Love how fast they made the ""carebear"" severs for us that just want to play in peace and explore the world without getting killed every 2 min. :) The game is only 30% done, can't wait to see what happens next.."
76561198065824160,Recommended,529180,33737933,Posted: 23 July,all,♓ AFK ♓,"Game's 30% done so do not expect too much. Played on my own server with +exp for everything just so I can get to the end game and see everything it has to offer, which is quite a lot. Would reccomend buying it later or on sale though. The game also doesnt look as good as the one in the trailer (Epic settings with AA off)...I hope it will when it comes out. Map is also broken, if you try to access it, you can not do anything else. Also, there doesnt seem to be any real dragon yet, just wyverns and smaller dragonkind ones.I went to the lava island and spent more than an hour roaming around just to be disappointed (big♥♥♥♥♥dragon on that island on the picture) So i don't think they put that in there yet...Theres a lot of areas where it looks amazing and mystical, but it's empty and devoid of life (top of elven mountain, tree houses in central map, stone shrine on lava island, twin peaks on south map, etc etc), would be great if they add some stuff into those areas.Also you can walk on lava, hope they update that sooner or later...and wheres them unicorns???"
76561198015631438,Recommended,529180,33759080,Posted: 23 July,all,Jimbo,Very fun game. The game has a lot of bugs and poor performance at the moment but it is early access. Remeber when Ark first came out? The concept is amazing and this game will become huge as long as development is strong. If you like Ark and fantasy RPG games then you should love this.
,Recommended,529180,33705659,Posted: 21 July,all,Majestic-X,"This game is awesome.I was up to 2AM playing it and did not want to go to bed, I woke at 7:30AM to continue playing.Needs a good graphics card if you want to play it on highest settings.Has single load (yes it is long even on SSD) but you get no other load screens.I encountered no bugs or glitches in my first 6 hours of play.I am playing offline to learn the mechanics in PVE. I will go to PVP servers Once learned)It has dedicated server option.I named my Pet Warthog ""BattleBacon!"", he died to a reaper moments later, now onto BattleBacon2.0This game is is great and now my wallet is going to hurt because my 3 sons are going to want it also."
76561198149931642,Recommended,529180,33758976,Posted: 23 July,all,Qpwn,amazing game cant wait for the future
,Recommended,529180,33760377,Posted: 24 July,all,Panther,"First Impression:I will update this review as time goes on but so far so good! The usual bugs and game play issues but i never buy a EA without expecting these things, i see a great potencial as it is a mix of Ark+Skyrim which is perfect for me! So if you willing to put up with Lag and bugs and things not working 100% of the time then buy it, but if your gonna moan about bugs etc then hold back and wait a while :)"
,Recommended,529180,33705617,Posted: 21 July,all,THANOSEPH,"This game takes a good while to load into initially, but once you are in the game runs fine. There are some bugs here and there but so far what i have seen is a game with massive potential. Its almost like Ark Survival had a baby with ESO. Liking it a lot so far."
,Recommended,529180,33735680,Posted: 22 July,all,XNotANinjaX21,It didn't load fast but when I got in the game it was fun and was really a good game but I had to refund it because my sucky laptop couldn't run it.
76561198013302098,Recommended,529180,33740967,Posted: 23 July,all,Manwell,"Apart from the whole fact that i died at level 9 and now it's bugged where i can't see any of my rune's in my inventory but can make them and see them on my dead bodys inventory, it's a good game, give it a try!"
76561198042188531,Recommended,529180,33741247,Posted: 23 July,all,GingerDeadMan,Seems like a good game but it needs some serious optimizing in my opinion.
,Recommended,529180,33757430,Posted: 23 July,all,123,Game is good they are fixing buges everyday dont listen to people with less then 1 hr on the game it is a good game if you give it time
76561198312265698,Recommended,529180,33738334,Posted: 23 July,all,tjscar,"This is NOT a bad game at all. yeah the loading time sucks but once you're in, you're in, and once every several mins it lags but ark does the same. so if you can handle ark then you can handle this also. There are familiar sounds that both DNL and ark share like when it rains or when you harvest dead creatures. which i like because i actually enjoyed listening to everything and picking out the sounds from ark but however ark and DNL are 2 very different games made by the same company. so if you like the idea of having magic mixed in with a servival game then this is it. I bought this game Friday and as you can all see i already have 26 hours into this game. so do i recommend this game? Hell yes."
,Recommended,529180,33751351,Posted: 23 July,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"This is Ark with a Skyrim setting. For a game that was released as early access 3 days ago, this is pretty damn decent.The only major negative is that loading times are atrociously long, like go make yourself some coffee long."
,Recommended,529180,33759253,Posted: 23 July,all,ZIFTY,Good Start to a very Promising early access game!!
,Recommended,529180,33713967,Posted: 21 July,all,Crazzzymofo,if you like ark you WILL like this game. it has its moments frames hold up quite well almost all the time .. yes it has ALOT similair to ark but it also has ALOT very different things ... REMEMBER THIS GAME IS IN DEVELOPMENT... its worth the money  in my opinion if it was any more theres no way id buy it . the devs are claiming this game is only 30% complete and if thats true its going to be a unbelievable game
,Recommended,529180,33915897,Posted: 30 July,all,Fat Lazy And Fuck Yuel,its ok besides the fact its always night for me even if the sun is up and for my friend there is a bright red or blue light in his face making it hard to see.  Also all the servers are mostly laggy plus griffens are over powered.  Besides that have funa nd enjoy offline raiding ♥♥♥♥
76561198042918560,Recommended,529180,34114805,Posted: 8 August,all,Nargacuga,"This game was just what I was looking for, so happy I bought this game.I played ARK for many hours (3000+) played single player, un-official, and official servers and learned about dealing with survival elements like hunger, thrist, extreme weather, oxygen management while diving and so on.Also learned about taming, food efficiency, how to keep a taming creature down and all that good stuff, but I was looking for a role playing approach and that make me look for mods that added RP elements to ARK.This game have new models, textures, creatures, music, icons, animated armors, sounds, and game mechanics stitched together with the UE4 code used for ARK, it is not an ARK ""clone"" is based on ARK, I'm familiar with the core mechanics; eat or die, drink water or die, stay warm or die, stay cool or die by over heating, build a base to protect you, your things, and your tames, in DNL you have to do all that and also you can use magic. DNL is like a dream come true for me, love the RPG style in this game, the cities, the fact that we have NPCs that we can interact with (in single player only until the devs fix the NPC exploits) and I can choose to be a human, an elf, or a dwarf (I think the devs will add more races later on) and the game also have a factions system.But even knowing how to play in survival games was not enough, in DNL you have to learn to use the resources you have from food to spells, taming mechanics are different and they can add difficulty to the gameplay, as expected from a different game you have to learn to play it is not like you will do the same you did in other games.The game is about 30% done and as expected from an EA game there are bugs, glitches, and exploits but the devs are working on fixes and balance changes before dumping a ton of new content which is very good, the main problem people talks about are render issues, I have a GTX 1080, 16GB RAM, and an i7 3.5 processor and I can run the game on epic settings for hours (which I'm not able to do while playing ARK)Loving this game even with all the bugs so far, there are always workarounds for those bugs and glitches."
,Not Recommended,529180,35243528,Posted: 27 September,all,February,So Devs Need Take LONGGGGGG TIME to FIX it dont pay this game enough...but if u want to try just try it then refund thx...
,Not Recommended,529180,35189380,Posted: 24 September,all,Spronkets,"I bought the game under the pretense that it is like ARK and that it would be a similar experience with magic and whatnot. The game has some interesting features, but it is not enjoyable for me to play. The beginning of Dark and Light less sense than ARK. Dark and Light is basically an MMORPG filled with bugs. The crafting experience and combat system are both awful. Most of the vendors in the city are under the floor and you can't buy/sell with them."
76561198096658023,Not Recommended,529180,34943567,Posted: 13 September,all,ja3far,"This game should not be on steam yet! game is not ready at all, almost unplayable!! i would suggest if you give this game atleast a year to be playable other than that its boring and too much time consuming and filled with HOW? WHY? WHAT!NEEDS more time."
76561198047488485,Not Recommended,529180,34875672,Posted: 10 September,all,skipperwilliam,Think Conan Exiles when it was first released but with way worse building.The Devs seemed determined to kill the game with crazy nerfs and downgrading the graphics. They add content you have to use cheats to even see but do not fix any of the bugs.Bad decisions by the Devs have tanked the population so bad that there is talk by the players about closing servers.Right now I'd have to say to spend your money elsewhere and maybe check back in a year or two to see if this game is even around.
,Recommended,529180,35276891,Posted: 28 September,all,Kroy,"Dark and Light. Not DnL MMORPG, but DnL clone-of-ARK.This game is not perfect. It's not amazingly brilliant either. What I think it is does the original DnL some ironic justice - it's got huge ""potential"".__PC SPEC__I have a 1080ti, i7 6700, SSD and run this game on epic with only minimal load times, freezing and graphic glitches. The graphics are lush, the draw distances awesome, and the level of detail on many items and mobs makes for extremely pleasant viewing.__SERVER____ I'm lucky enough to have played on three servers with keen and enthusiastic members who have burned through the content. I played on official PvP and hooked up with a guild who eventually got wiped from the server. I then went to an active streamers server which was PvE, but that got closed when the streamer moved on to Ark.  I'm now in a group of builders and we are already building some epic bases, on a PvPvE server (event-based rp-pvp). We regularly have 15-20 players during peak times.___SANDBOX___ The world of arcos is as Early Access a sandbox as you're likely to find. There are bugs which will infuriate you. There are glitches in the places where none should really be. It's more polished now than it was at launch, but there's still a long way to go.__PLAYSTYLE___  If you like sandboxes, and you like making your own fun (builders and RPers) you will get the most out of this game in its current form. If you're a single player and you like to chill down and play some and enjoy taming and PvE/Building, then you'll get plenty out of DnL.If you like to follow the route of Tame, Unlock all the skills, Build, Tame, Evolve, Tame.... then you will get bored within a couple of hundred hours or less, I'm sure.___Teh Devs___Snail are not the most responsive, communicative developers. They are dysfunctional in some aspects, particularly regarding their approach to their community, customers and fans. But the game is playable thanks to their efforts.___The Future____DnL has already absorbed a reasonable amount of my time. I don't see it going anywhere soon either. Taming mechanic is reasonable; the use of mounts as tools to help gather materials for building works well. The use of mounts as weapons works very too.  As they add on to this with a new dungeon, new map, new mounts, new beasts, the game will become more fleshed out, and will appease many of the more rational critics.You have to like sandboxes, preferably with a group of people to want to check out DnL. Look for active servers but don't expect huge player counts unless you gravitate to the more popular streamers' servers. Don't expect amazing patches, new content, balance in all things straight away. Patchday blues are all-too evident. This is still an Early Access game, and you are paying to beta. But if you are happy with a game that could keep you for a few hundred hours, and will draw you back to it in the future, then DnL is  well worth the time and money."
,Recommended,529180,33710223,Posted: 21 July,all,Woody,Only About 2 hours in And loving it All ready hooked ! Its everything that i wonted Ark to be  . If u like Ark and RPG Games this one is for u . I have a i7 6700k  not overclocked 16gb ram and a gtx 1080 overclock  And im staying around 45 to 70 fps all the time on max settings at 1080p !!! Just wish i had more time to play tonight :( !!!
76561198080279580,Recommended,529180,33710283,Posted: 21 July,all,Viper,"This game isnt bad for being an early access game. Im not sure why people are going crazy and hitting the review button without actually PLAYING the game that much.Yes, the game does take forever to load in. (I gotta admit I almost gave up and refunded because I didnt think I would ever get in the game) Yes, the game is pretty much a different version of Ark, Fantasy-themed tho. Yes, it has a few bugs and glitches. Namely getting stuck in rocks, or stuck in between rocks (which sucks btw :((()However, the game is good once you get past the intial load in. And who cares if it is so similar to Ark. That is one of the reasons I bought this game. :P Ark + Fantasy = <3 (aka Dark and Light). And bugs and glitches are in every game. Even the so called polished games... Its early access. They warned you it was gonna happen. Dont believe me? BAM-> ""this Early Access game is not complete and may or may not change further. If you are not excited to play this game in its current state, then you should wait to see if the game progresses further in development.""I dont usually write reviews, but I felt after the unfair amount of negative reviews, this game need some more good ones. Haha.Anywho, Give it a shot. :)"
76561197969593956,Not Recommended,529180,34757876,Posted: 5 September,all,BULLSNUTZ87,I have 350hrs into this game... Sadly i cant give it a good review it has promise but even after sevreal patches the melee combat is completetly broken.  Want to be an archer dont cause damage for some reason dosnt scale and u stay cap at a very low amount. Game ending bugs.. The world isnt even solid you will fall throught the earth and u will lose everything on you because of this at least once this may or maynot cause a rage quit.  Spells are the only resonable for of combat.The game is eye candy if you have a beast of a computer.  Regaurdless of the computer u will still have huge drops in FPS do to sever lag there is no way around it. I cannot Recommend this game till futher fixes have come out.. the developers focus on the wrong♥♥♥♥♥♥  They took Drag body out of the game... Anyone new to this game when you log ur body lays down where you logged off and people can pic everything off of you.  Also you use to be able to drag their bodies off... people got upset about this... so they worked on removing it.. why even bother you will either be looted or killed where u lay.  So stupid.
,Not Recommended,529180,34202657,Posted: 12 August,all,Ms Thrax ✅,"The game is very misleading and poor quality. I have all the textures etc on ultra but they are subpar at best. Not in league with games even from a few years back. The houses are barren and make no sense. In the main square of the elven area you go into a house and they have a stables in there... in a house. Go upstairs and you have a gangway along the roof, enclosed in glass but it doesn't go anywhere.This feels like a poorly done total conversion mod for Ark. Huge let down. Maybe it will be better in a few years."
76561198058623978,Recommended,529180,34200834,Posted: 12 August,all,Evader,"Excellent sandbox game still in developement, and at only 30% complete I am amazed. Looking forward to the full release, but even in early access this is loads of fun. I see a lot of potential for private servers with map alterations as well as a lot of Role Playing elements. Similar to Ark, but there are plenty of subtle differences to distinguish it as a great game, not to mention the lack of dinosaurs."
,Not Recommended,529180,34203194,Posted: 12 August,all,TheImmortalRod,*Comic Guy Voice*Worst. Hitboxes. Ever.
,Recommended,529180,33794563,Posted: 25 July,all,adacusg2,This is a great game there is no lag what so ever and loading is 10-15 minutes.  When you join the game you have many types of choices for your character.  IMPORTANT*** Servers are very hard to start on with many trolls.9.5/10
76561198064935381,Recommended,529180,33721920,Posted: 22 July,all,Jude,"This is my FIRST review for any game.  If you look through my profile, you'll notice instead of writing reviews I spend my time actually playing quite a few EARLY ACCESS games like 7Days to Die, Conan Exiles, Ark, etc.  In fact, I have a lot of hours in these types of games.This game is quite good.  Sure, there are issues.  Sure the release didn't go too well (what release does in this genre).  Sticking it out past the hour or two will make you appreciate the 25bucks you spent.  It did for me.Prosgraphicscool armor types (ive only gotten to leather and druid stuff bought on the vendors)the taming is a neat and more ""realistic"" concept vs just knocking things out, the arrows used create a ""tether"" and keeps the animals in place.leveling doesnt seem too much of a chore (although it is a bit on the grindy side, but what survival game isn't?)Conslong load times (i run a server and even that takes forever to boot)graphic glitches(im sure i'll find more, but as it stands, I've been impressed and enjoying my time in DnL)TLDRbuy the game, put some effort into playing it more than a couple hours and I'm certain you too will appreciate the game."
76561198317009686,Recommended,529180,33724124,Posted: 22 July,all,Grant Tale,"Why are so many people who give this game negative review? THIS GAME IS GREAT!D&L already several years in development, despite couple of times moved the release later in time. it's worth it!Snailgames says "" this game is 30% clear"" and wants to listen to the community.let me tell you what my expierence is with this game already :)1: CHARACTER CREATION- you can make your own unique character, making your hands big you can! making your head bigger then your boddy it can! the only problem for me is there isn't many options for the hairstyles, hope there will be more in the future. the character doesn't sit still, always moving with the head. it's difficult to see what you are doing.2: QUESTS-the quests is a great way to begin with, it let you understand what the basics are and let you find out what to do next. one quest is bugged "" earn 100 gold""3: MAP- the world is so BIG! began in the city of the elves and explored a lot. everywhere you go there is always something to do and that makes it more great. the only thing what i miss is a MAP, i know there is a magic map! the magic map looks beautiful but it is useless. the world is so big and you will get lost easily. hope there will be a map in the future.4: the combi between magic and melee, it's genius!5: GLIMBING- in this world you have many hills and mountains, you will think where is grass you can walk but no. really hope you can walk over hills and not getting a invinsable wall and be pushed back to the ground.6: HARVESTING- slain a sheep or stag,rabbit. now you want some meat/hide/fur, even if you hit right it doesn't get you loot after many swings and differnt angles you get some. same with trying to get wood from trees.7: update this review in the futureYou have to understand this is a early acces game, not a finnished game. if you don't mind the lags and bugs and wants to help this game grow? HELP TO SUPPORT THE GAME :D"
,Not Recommended,529180,33959486,Posted: 1 August,all,Rarp,"If you want to play online, definitely hold off for now the server desync issues are really bad"
76561198029576525,Not Recommended,529180,34397426,Posted: 21 August,all,AyeMagpie,"Grind for the sake of grind.I was hoping DnL had skilltrees and real character choice.Instead exactly as in Ark, you grind to unlock things.I played both games a short time. It felt like when I was doing something it was fairly pointless:- get resources to level up- kill things- loot things- get more stuff- unlock more stuffDnL just really wasn't for me. If you enjoyed Ark you will probably like it.But I would rather:- compete for land- define my character: decide which cool spell to unlock instead of just grinding to unlock the same as everyone else- player interaction- skill based combat (there's just clunky spells and ranged weapons)Meh"
,Recommended,529180,33745047,Posted: 23 July,all,Zentaki,"Much better than ARK.ARK will always be at my heart, but the Dark and Light was exactly what i was looking for.The game has a very long way to get as optmized as what ARK is nowadays.If you like medieval + magic(like morph, fireball, ice,lightning, telekinesis,illusion) + epic creatures(dark creature, like skeletons, death himself, dragons) + survivel + build village + build castleTHAN THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!An explanation on the building is much like ark or conan, but there is another feature which is separated: the castle buildings. This is lets say for a Tribe(or clan,faction, whatever you wanna call it) to build it as it needs a lot resources like thousands of them to build structures parts for castles, which i belive it has much much more durability and looks epic, very distinctive from your housing.The game XP for crafting needs the character level which will unlock the learning of an especific crafting tier. Each skill needs an especific action to get the desired skill tier to lvl up.Each crafting tier needs to be learned befor the next tier.Lets say you have 10 types of crafting skills, each of them has its own set of tiers. So essentially you will have 10 tiers , one from each of those skills leveling up at same time but never having multiple tiers within that skill. Need gain xp to lvl up the tier to learn its crafts and needs to learn the first tier to get to the second tier.The maps are much like ark and conan, but have living cities which has lots of npcs, you can trade with them like any other mmorpg games.The game has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,529180,34762039,Posted: 5 September,all,memeboi53 ツ,"12 hours of loading, not bad. Better choice than loading screen simulator."
76561198057816311,Recommended,529180,33747271,Posted: 23 July,all,Pembo,Fantasy Ark +1
76561198258573987,Not Recommended,529180,34553677,Posted: 28 August,all,零三ZEROTHREE,Really bad
,Recommended,529180,33720385,Posted: 22 July,all,SirVirtuo,"I waited a few months for this game to come out, and when it did, I was a bit set off by the bad reviews on day 1.  This didn't matter to me too much, because I figured a bunch of early access cry babies and some 1st day bugs were to blame.  I'm glad I bought into this!  If it is only 30% complete, I can't wait for 31%.  The first levels are difficult and a little bland, but after 6 things start to move forward.  When you hit 10, the world begins to open up for you and the real adventure begins.  Soloing the first few levels is fine, but I found when you make a friend, things get much cooler.  Taming, building, spell casting, hunting: theyre all a blast so far for me.  I was a big Ark player, but I always wanted more RPG to my sandbox.  This is the game for me."
76561198012275026,Recommended,529180,33755256,Posted: 23 July,all,Nina,"Ignore the Naysayers!  This game is quite awesome for Early Access and Although it does have similarities to ARK it is quite different in many ways, one of them being that there is a capital city! This city is awesome actually because you are safe there with the guards protecting you and you can buy and sell your gathered goods to merchants to buy other things including a horse to get around on!This game has the potiental to outshine ARK and I think it will eventually when the bugs are ironed out and more content is added however I can tell you that this is 100 percent worth the time and money you are willing to put into it and just like any new game on the market if your computer sucks its time to upgrade.The game works well for me but Im rocking 16gb ram, GTX960 and  i5 processor.  If you have about the same or better you can expect this game to work well.Please note on the first time you log into the game the loading screen will appear unresponsive- LET IT RUN it can take several minutes the first time in, but you will get in.  This is my only complaint about the game."
76561198083543311,Recommended,529180,33698444,Posted: 21 July,all,Simon,Dark and Light is a very good game its in early access and if you compair it to say Ark this looks a bit better than ark when it first came out. The main problem i have had so far has been the light effects where it GOT very bright some of the time and don't forget its only 30% completed so if you like playing ark give it a try
,Recommended,529180,33740586,Posted: 23 July,all,LUL kys fag,"So far, the experience has been great, really want to see what happens to the game in the future!My only concerns is the sky bug where it turns completely flouresent with northern light like visuals.And the slow skill percentage of leveling up Thaumaturgey to reach rank 1 lolBut overall i give this game an 8/10Keep it up Devs!"
76561198052770789,Recommended,529180,33757415,Posted: 23 July,all,boarder1060,"This is my first review ever, so please bear with me.I see that there is a lot of hate toward this game but I feel that most of it is invalid as the sole purpose of you being able to download this game early has been missed. Allow me to elaborate.When a title reads ""Early access"" that means you are invited, at a discount price, to be apart of the creation of a game that is still under development. Which means, (please take a seat as this will come as a shock to most)  the game will have all the glitches, errors and problems of a game that is....wait for it... not complete! BAM! there it is! wow, I nearly passed out when I read that!Dark and Light is in early access, which means that the developer is asking for your help and support so they can continue to make a game better through giving you a rough draft and allowing you to send feed back and areas that need improvement to make a gamer happy with the product along with what is already planned. This means that when you find something you dont like (ie, connection problems, loading screen freezing, graphic errors, fell through the earth, c@ck is too small) you REPORT it to the development team and they will work on fixing it, as this team has been doing very well with so far.  Not so you can throw a tantrum, make a negative review after 1h of playing, err-being frozen on a loading screen(according to some) and crying to everyone because you need a bottle and got a refund.So here is my official review!IF you have the mental capacity to understand that this game is in early access (refer to above paragraphs) and want to experience the game in a raw, incomplete form for a discount price with the responsibility of providing problem/glitch hunting and feedback for fixing, this game is GREAT! It looks and smells like ARC did when it was fresh off the line, but its different in all the ways that count! With a familiar UI and crafting system, you plunge into a world full of crazy beasts and creatures with mountains and valleys to explore, spells to craft, fireballs to throw and tree ents to stomp you into the ground as many times as your heart desires! You can build houses, craft weapons, custom tailor your character in bizzare and just plain weird visual ways. Classes?! PFF. thats a thing of the past, creat whatever you want your character to be with very limitations beyond where you put your skill points.This game is fun already, I have only played just over 3h but already I can see that this game is headed for a good place among the titles, but it just needs support, time and patience from the community. Yes- its glitchy, yes-you get stuck, yes the loading screen becomes very mundane to look at after a while, but in the end, for an early access game, its doing fairly well!Now, I see people saying ""It says its already finalized but that its only at 30%- im scared!!"", You people need to understand that the ground, gravity, walls, physics, character models, run and walk style, the trees, the music, voices, crafting system, swinging your axe, take a sh*t and the ability to walk forward and all the wonderful things that come with it.... ARE COMPLETE AND FUNCTIONAL! They never said they were pretty yet (cause they're not),  they said they were complete! Meaning the ground isnt going anywhere anytime soon and the trees and rocks will still look like trees and rocks later- just prettier, after the other 75% gets put in!IF you do not understand early access and want a refund after 1h, then take a hike because you've missed the point and your input on this page is irrelevant.So- in conclusion, this game is off to a good start, the dev team is active and obviously involved with the community as there have been daily patching and updates.  The gameplay is choppy but fun and reeks of potential, especially with PVP. The world looks wonderful and though I have not come across any dungeons yet, what I see so far compels me to explore across the horizons and get trampled by giant things made of all sorts of magic, meat and branch.  It is very enjoyable and I look forward to seeing it through to completion."
,Recommended,529180,33758691,Posted: 23 July,all,Ajax,"This game is a better version of ARK in my opinion. The progression system in Dark and Light makes you want to keep playing, ARK on the other hand is the same thing over and over with no variation in progression. This game is worth buying this early on and will be even better as time goes on. Yes i know that Dark and Light is made by the same people who own ARK."
,Recommended,529180,33758095,Posted: 23 July,all,CursedTranskara,"I like it. Its honestly ARK with a Fantasy setting. Runs decently. i feel like Swords suck compared to Bows and Magic. Things Progress very SLOWLY. that would be my only complaint.edited after 10 hours of play time: im addicted. its great and can only get better.yes the load time after you choose to log in is a bit long BUT are you really complainning about a ♥♥♥♥ing load time? the whole game is open world. you have one long♥♥♥♥♥load time and the rest of the game runs fine. ITS AN EA GAME THATS BIGGIEST COMPLAINT IS ONE LOAD TIME. WTF ppl you act like you arent looking at your phone anyway while you load.the game runs great. some server lag but its nowhere near as bad as ark was with its official serves. thes actually are fun to play on. Swords arent worth it atm though tbh the bow is used to tame and works nicely, so many people have taken to maining that or magic.if a dev is reading this. please make E to grab resources on bushes. i know its not ark but it just doesnt feel right punching bushes. looks bad."
76561198112062713,Recommended,529180,33753964,Posted: 23 July,all,WildFire,"comming after 13 hours of playOk I am a game design student and this will be a down to earth revewthis game is in Early access so we should all know its not done and there should be a lot more to come.the GOODfor such a early game it is fun the monsters are nice the crafting is ok I can see where things will be added.the Devs have been visting live streams and chating with people this is amazing. I hope they keep this upso far the game has been fun and I look forware to playing more.the badserver lagso many people are playing they when harvesting it will not think you are harvesting.. if you are on your on server or single player not so bad but this is NORMAL for a game this early so I am not to hard  on this partit is pvp and people are allready trying to be hardcore day one there was no PvE server and after 24 hours they added a few good work dev's for respnding so fast just wish more server so we can thin things out a bit.the worst parttext boxs move to quick and they need to re-read evething and change the grammer now I suck at writing myself but its bad. Devs if your reading this plz fix.   it takes a bit to under stand when somthing is called more then one thing is the game braking not at all but would help a lot.final thoughtsThis is a good game and I look forward to seeing it grow just under stand if you get it now your are playing the game while it is in the making, and should treat it like that there will be ups and downs  if you cant deal with they wait till later if you can then lets go for a fun ride"
,Recommended,529180,33753807,Posted: 23 July,all,Dharc,"11/10 would slide rocks againthis game can be described as ""what if ark was a mmorpg"" - it uses the same ""skeletton"" as arkthe controls feel very familiar but with enough changes to be its own unique gameperformance wise its pretty much on the same level as ark, therefore prepare a pretty strong gpu for some good fpse.g. my gtx 1080ti can usually get 60+ fps at 1080p with epic settings - also i would advice to set terrain shadows to low, there are no (noticeable) graphical changes"
76561198002523819,Recommended,529180,34903367,Posted: 12 September,all,DEATHWALKIN,good game
,Recommended,529180,33719281,Posted: 22 July,all,dRage,"Loads of bugs? yesLoads of time in loading? YES!Is it fun? Yes it is.Bear in mind this is an early access title, has a lot to grow if the devs dont drop it, but it isnt the black demon satan pile of garbage people are picturing it"
,Not Recommended,529180,35092817,Posted: 20 September,all,Aurjay,"The game needs a lot more development before I can give it a recommendation.First off, I do like Snail Games but at the same time I do not like them.  I was a big fan of Voyage Century Online in it's early stages of the game.  A free to play MMORPG, which I typically do not like them at all due to item malls and it did have an item mall.  Their item mall evolved into a major pay to win mall as they added new content and eventually became an absolute necessity in order to do any sort of improvement to your ships and equipment.  Because of this experience, I have my guard up and expecting them to impliment an item mall in this game, even if it is a buy to play game.  If they do, this game will be dead on arrival.Other concerns I have is the very heavy influences of the ARK: Survival Evolved UI's in this game along with a lot of visuals in the game.  Seems like they bought the rights to use their game engine and just trying to mold it into their idea of a survival game.  Not really a horrible thing, however, it still feels like they are just threw this up on Steam for Early Access without even taking the time to play around with the engine.  The lag is absolutely horrorible, the melee combat will tend to leave you dead with many hits not registering and the lag spikes having the creatures dance around you.Mind you, I'm a big time defender of Early Access games against negative reviews...normally.  But with how many other game companies out there have put out games in Early Access and have very slow development, I'm unable to keep being nice and understanding about unplayable Early Access games still in development."
76561198425035201,Not Recommended,529180,35210714,Posted: 25 September,all,flakey255,not able to play lags online and offline loading screens are extremely long
76561197982877381,Not Recommended,529180,34800807,Posted: 7 September,all,Dethstarr,"This is actually a very good game.  But I would say that it has one massive flaw which might kill it off.   I got around this by getting my own server as I found being at the mercy of anothers whim to play was not a reliable solution.  Nor could I recommend friends get the game and play it unless I got my own server to address as very poor decision by the developers.    It isnt new for survival games.  But it is exacerbated by this game in particular.  You structures and hard work disappear if you dont log in for 72 hours!.   On my server, I have it set to 30 days to prevent this being a game breaking failure.On official servers, go away on business or god forbid, a holiday and its back to square 1.    This is one of the most irritating mechanics of any game I played so far.  Saw it first in Everquest landmark but at least it was almost a week.  However, it drove people away from the game there too. Appeared again in a more diluted form in ARK but again, this was overcome with private servers, sadly, the population was poor.This forces you to join a clan and basically stops solo play completely.  Most people playing are very young so I dont really want to join a clan.  A few friends might have brought the game so we can play together but even then, we are busy people so I think its better to pass completely unless you want to spends a significant amount more buying your own server.Unfortunately, you dont find out about this until you played a while so difficult to get a refund.  The first time I assumed there had been a server reset.  My buildings were not there and nor were any which had been close by.  Looked empty.  Only when it happened for the second time did I find out.A real pity as I doubt this will get the sort of population it deserves.  The game itself is fun.  Sadly, most people wont get past the ofifical servers to really experience it.On the upside, there are people like me who will buy a server and wont whipe it or mess with people on it unless it comes to exploters or hacking.  Niether of which I have seen outside official servers yet."
76561198026156338,Not Recommended,529180,35014232,Posted: 16 September,all,·····,"To much to list... Just avoid this at all cost. All my tribes work, gone, Doesnt matter if ""Early Access"" Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥waste. 550 Hours, way over 1,500 if you iclude all my tribe, gone. Just cause the auto-demolish, unable to log in, black screen bugs, etc. At the moment they should pay you to play this, not the other way around."
76561198055818847,Not Recommended,529180,35033508,Posted: 17 September,all,The13Thom,"Its a trashy Alpha version with high potential.And most players cant get there money back because we have spent too much time ""playing"", where ""playing"" is = to ""stair at the damn loadingscreen""Playing this ""game"" just makes me miss the original awesome beautiful DnL."
76561198027381013,Not Recommended,529180,35082073,Posted: 20 September,all,Ravenshade32,"Wife and I started playing this few months or so ago without alot of expectations, we played ARK so we assumed it would be similar which it is.People complain about performance but the wife and I don't have many issues with it playing on high/epic and our pc specs are pretty average being i5, 16gig ram and gtx 1050ti, we also always rent our own servers on games such as this due to 90% of the gaming community these days being quite toxic. We read the forums all the time and hear all the complaining about griefing and pvp in general and that isn't for us lol.Game wise, the ideas great (prefer it over ARK) different starting races/towns, great variety of creatures to tame, crafting is decent much like others games similar and we love the ranged combat both spells and bow. That being said a few things have bothered us....snow areas with little to no gear to allow you to go there for a decent length of time without dieing from cold, taming on officials i have heard takes forever (no thankyou) spells have durability (very silly and needs to change) and the recent optimization changes and base visual looks (wood/stone etc) shouldnt have happened they went from looking great to meh.We havent been able to play for the past week or so due to this black screen bug and we have pretty much given up on the game at this point because of it. This is a major issue that is affecting alot of people and it should be a priority to fix and it doesnt seem to be. When people buy your product and the majority cannot play/use this product because of a defect then you drop everything and fix it. You don't continue to optimize the game for those few that can still play...We will give it a few months then maybe try again if we havent lost interest by then. Honestly the way it is at this point and the fact that the devs are not making the black screen a priority then I would pass on buying DnL right now, plenty of other games out there if you have your own server."
76561198072111462,Not Recommended,529180,33683815,Posted: 20 July,all,Steve aus long island,"this game seems interesting but dont buy it now. i even cant play this game, and many people have issues to come even ingame."
,Not Recommended,529180,33684186,Posted: 20 July,all,Koterboat,"So many good ideas and assets have gone to waste with this game.TLDR: The developers packed this game with cool spells, enemies, and craftables; but the progression is awful and grindy, combat is floaty, the gathering is disgusting, and[/b] the game just isn't finished.[/b] The game was pushed out into early access in response to Citadel: Forged with Fire releasing soon.I was pretty thrilled when I joined a server to be greeted with a character creator, and even a choice of a starter town. There are guards and merchants all over the town. I thought it was all pretty cool,at first. I checked under the Skills tab and saw things like survival skills, ranged, melee, cooking, taming, dark magic, light magic, earth magic, and many other skills. However, the magic all starts to go away when you start seeing this game for what it really is; an unfinished mess.One of the many problems with the game is harvesting, and this one is huge. The games progression, magic, and gameplay revolves heavily around harvesting. The devs made the terrible choice of having the player smack resources repeatedly, up to more than a dozen times, before they get anything. It's random too, so you can hit a tree anywhere from 3 to 20+ times before getting one piece of wood. It almost feels like server lag, but it's intentional to slow player progression. It feels so bad.Combat. Oh combat. Any reason why it takes 20+ sword hits to kill a rabbit like creature? Any reason why it takes 5+ minutes to smack a sheep to death? Just to slow player progression I'm sure. The devs did include cool spells, however you do have to grind for them. The combat feels unresponsive. Small critters should die when I hit them a few times, but they don't. Like I said, can get some pretty cool spells and items in this game, but it won't be any fun getting there. And I believe it's more about they journey than the destination. This games 'journey' is bad.The game is riddled with other issues too. Such as bad servers, terrible optimizations, the game runs worse than ARK when it came out. Speaking of ARK, the devs did reuse some things from ARK. Such as the terrible running/breathing sound, rocks, rain, weapons and structures were just reskinned. Utter laziness from the devs on this. The merchants in spawn were all sold out after the server was up for an hour, no spawn protection, bodies are everywhere in the spawn city. PVP is clunky and all over the place.There's nothing about this that make me want to keep playing this. I wish the devs kept it in the oven much, much longer..."
76561198043401987,Not Recommended,529180,35245353,Posted: 27 September,all,Wurvaf,The game is great. Nice scenarios. Nice RPG experience. Nice evolution tree. Nice coop. But please! Fix this nasty bugs before anithing else. Dont go selling dlcs before that. Sharpen your game quickly or your market will disapear. I will gladly chance my review after that!
76561198121309015,Recommended,529180,35354724,Posted: 30 September,all,Zeelot,As a Ark player jumping into D&L was pretty easy as the game has similar features so it made getting used to the mechanics fairly easy. But it is E.A. and like all games that are released early there will always be Bugs and more Bugs that can change the feeling of any game. I have had my fair share of annoying moments while playing this game but i will still play it regardless.
76561198021092081,Recommended,529180,33794995,Posted: 25 July,all,Indyy,Amazinggggggggggggggggggggg wildcard gods. this game is gonna be sooooo good!!!!!
,Not Recommended,529180,34150924,Posted: 10 August,all,Technetium,"see this 89.5 hrs last two weeks / 89.5 hrs on record <-- 9.5 hours of it is me playing the game like intended rest is attempting to get on! some time days at a time none stop.. once i figured out how to work around the issues and play dev's release update that made it completly unplayable for ALL. see we thought maybe they will say there working on it?? or hell next patch will fix it NOPE! nothing they however chose to focus on making killing rabbits in game lot more easyer!see as this game just came out and not long after all this is happening  there not off to a good start  all alpha ect ect side game is copy/paste watered down ver (ark survival) if you stripped ark survival right down to when it first ame out you whould have this game! which i swear is what they did theres a few diffrence's and a whole lotta Mechanics litterly the same as ark!. game was fun when i was actually playing it..  thing really ticks me off the most outside not being able to login like every one else is  there has been NOTHING, no info or support address the game breaking update seriously?  recent update was basicly slap in the face to the people that bought this crp.Do you recommend this game? - NO!! wanna play somthing exactly like it?? go play ark survival !least there you can login into the dam game!"
76561198196906487,Not Recommended,529180,34380738,Posted: 20 August,all,Ronin53,"I would say this is worth every penny, but it is not. $30 for a game that is 30% complete...and every patch bugs it up even more. I understand it is early access and still in development, but i feel as though that is the excuse for every game released and total crap, as far as functionality goes. I play on a low pop server and i have no issues gathering/killing. As soon as i jump on a medium pop server, nothing works. I also understand it was released to compete with another game, that barely anyone plays.So why release a game that isnt even slightly optimized for modern cards like my 1080 strix...that handles the game nicley, on medium...anything more than that and i get  some fps lag, not much, but noticable. While in ARK, i have 0 issues, even when ARK was new, I had a 965m and worked great on high and epic. So I am playing because i want to see where this goes, but as far as I can tell, this game has a long long way to go before its even remotley as completed as ARK was when it was released. I would not recommend anyone buy this until a year from now....let us see where the Devs take it...because so far its a rocky road, and hopefully they brought thier jack and off road tires...because its going to be a bumpy ride with pelnty of places to get stuck. Please dont ruin ark anymore than you have, taking flyer speed out was the most game killing thing i have seen so far...went from 100k players to 30k players in 3 months....♥♥♥♥ing PUBG has 400k in less than 8 months...and its early access....they took thier time and made sure the game was functional enough to play without people leaving reviews like this...im sorry but honesty is my best policy. I will be back in a year to see where this is."
76561197969058651,Recommended,529180,33697316,Posted: 21 July,all,BealMan,"An Honest ReviewDark And Lighthas put me any many of my freinds into a medieval fantasy realm that is entrancing and addictive in nature.As with many titles in pre-release the flavor ofEarly Accessis real, there are some things that will need to be flushed out. That being said, I had a solid 7 hours of gameplay and would like to put my two cents in.I spent a solid hour trolling the discussion boards and other online material in order to find the correct way to host a server.  During my server configuration venture, my friends were playing on a public server. Their laughter, comments and pure sense of enjoyment told me that the next few hours of my evening we're going to be a blast... and they were.To begin with, theGood, some things I found neat or well developed:Character progression is awesomeThough, the vanilla xp and gather rates were a little slow for our group. On our private server we set XP to 6x and gathering to 5x. For our small group size and desire to play in a PVE format, these rates work well and keep it just as exciting, without the gut wrenching grind. The skill tree... is HUGE. A lot of choices in how you want to advance your build early on.Structure building is on pointBe prepared to grind out some skill trees in order to build your structures. Similar to other games in this genre you start with a thatched type of structure and progress from there.Repairing items on the hotbarI was dragging broken items back to my bag and repairing in there, only to realize I could tap the numkey in which the broken item as assigned too, and it would proceede to repair the item.Role diversity for party membersLike a true fantasy game, my friends and I were able to fill out our roles. It felt like we had a choice. Not forced to some top gear run. If you want a sword and shied, use a sword and shield. If you want to throw balls of fire, ice or reign in a lighting strike to the likes ofZeus himself, do it. Others may choose to attempt dagger throwing, just be warned when hitting fellow party members in the head... you can knock them out, even if they take no damage in pve.SomeBadthings, that in time, I'm certain will be fixed.Dropping Clothing items causes a huge lag spike on the client sideWe confirmed this on current gen i7, AMD Vishera and Ryzen cpus, all using 1070/1080 series gpus. We only noted one client crash when dropping an entire inventory full of such items. I believe the follow on comment was, ""Are you guys still in the game? 'Yes' Well ***, I think I dropped too much♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;Turn on HDR in the settingsFailing to turn on HDR will cause your game to look as if it were the ugly ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sibling of Dragons Dogma, we were a little confused with the graphic quality at first, after wathcing several videos.... Just turn on HDR and don't look back.Quests buggyQuesting is NOT a staple in this game, due to the open world survival aspect. However, we noticed a severe or complete lack of updating item count when doing quests. Completely nonfunc for me atleast,Getting 100 gold from selling items to vendorsFood, Water, Stamina, Mental health thing, DRAIN too fast in vanillaSo, we just set it to 0.25  or 1/4 of the drain speed on our private server. Problem solved for us however, if you are looking to play on official servers or vanilla settings, enjoy that♥♥♥♥♥pain.I will continue to update this thread as we play more, I suggest picking it up if you have the means to play with friends and run a server, or if you enjoy jumping into giant orgies of tree snatcing, back stabbing randoms. Go for it."
,Recommended,529180,33736494,Posted: 22 July,all,Beizelby,"I am really enjoying this game.I love the skill system with the way you have to work on skills to level to unlock stuff rather than just spend points on them.I like how it actually gets really dark and you need to cast a light spell to see.The combat is straight forward, you make a weapon and hit things.The magic requires ingredients to cast.The creature AI is standard enough but does not suck.The graphics are AWESOME! (But I do have a 1080)There's lots to explore, and it looks like there's plans to add even more area's to the map at the time of this review.You choose one of three factions, Human, Elf or Dwarf and start at their town/citadel.I have played a lot of survival games and this has become one of my favourites allready.Again, I really love this game!P.S. Some people have downvoted this game because they are having issues running it.  I wonder how many of them actualy read the system requirements before they bought it. It runs smoothly for me."
76561197961076890,Not Recommended,529180,33698847,Posted: 21 July,all,Radical Edward,Wait for much more progress or full version release.The game is not as polished as it seems from the video and will likely disappoint you unless you are in for a very Early Access experience.-U/I is quite bad in a lot of spots-There is quite a bit of graphic lag-Many bugs-Bad feedback for actions-Bad mapping-Bad optimization-Draw distance is meh to bad-Character and Creature models can appear pixelated much of the time-Controls feel clumsy-Leveling system is a good concept but hopefully will be executed better later on-Characters seem to drop and sleep like in ARK-Quite a bit of this is cloned from ARKThere is however significant potential in this product and I hope the developers have great success as it is quite a fun concept.
76561197983455065,Recommended,529180,33699424,Posted: 21 July,all,Fatsenberg [UHAB],"Magic/Fantasy based sandbox RPG with an ARK chassis, and that's a good thing.Just launching into Early Access with some minor issues that might stumble the angry or impatient but for everyone else won't keep you from having fun."
76561198138290042,Not Recommended,529180,34182347,Posted: 11 August,all,TiltedTillTuesday,"It's not that there are ""Bugs"" it's that the game doesn't even run right."
,Not Recommended,529180,34007502,Posted: 3 August,all,Dylan,"The game just performs too poorly. There is no reason I should be getting the same framerates on the low graphics setting that I do on epic graphics. I was never even able to access a multiplayer server, the only way I could get the game to work was singleplayer. I understand the game is in early access, but its almost too early at this point. If you are interested, maybe just check the game out later on in the future. Not at this point in time."
76561198035871020,Not Recommended,529180,34045119,Posted: 5 August,all,Druz,"If you have a GTX 970 or under, I suggest waiting until the game has better optimization. Right now it runs at 18 fps on the lowest graphical settings with my GTX 970.But if you spent your great great grandfather's fortune that he earned for his service in Africa during the war on a GTX 1070 or above, you should be good."
,Not Recommended,529180,34023323,Posted: 4 August,all,SnowGecko,well it was fun I played for literally a weekend everyone was nice and helpful and just like that the ark cancer showed up killing everyone. you can't even build a hut without being killed 20 times. game is cool but the community caming is killing it.
76561198388570774,Not Recommended,529180,34637814,Posted: 31 August,all,YogaLove4,"Only game I regret buying in the past year, had high hopes for this one but was greatly disappointed I spent my hard earned money on this.Pros: Good Character Creations, Great Environments, Awesome Graphics, Great Variety of Creatures.Cons: Ultimately a waste of time since there are no goals for the player to strive to achieve since this is broken in thegame.Not very new player friendly for persons new to MMORPG games ( HIGHLY DIFFICULT SCALE TREE FOREVERYTHING).It is a good game if you are a fan of MMORPGS and don't mind wasting your time and money on a completely pointless game. If you are like me and value your time and money I suggest you stay away from this one."
76561198112530532,Not Recommended,529180,33680371,Posted: 20 July,all,Balansus the Balanced.,"Early access doesn't mean game can be in any shape and that will be acceptable. Stop throwing around that for excuse for everything.You can go to early access and have some issues (Balance, lack of content, some performance issues etc) This doesn't justify going EA while being almost totally unplayable.If game has major problems it shouldn't go EA and devs should keep developing it.Going EA while being in this shape is pure BS and shows that the game is being rushed (can be other reasons aswell figure them out for urself)."
,Recommended,529180,33685729,Posted: 20 July,all,Kalrius,"ARK Meets SkyrimYou will notice most of the negative reviewers have very little game time, so do not let their words sway you. Most of them seem to be criticizing the game unjustly by comparing it to other games. I have been playing for a couple of hours and I am finding the game to be very enjoyable. I am a big fan of survival and fantasy games which made this a natural choice for me. It is similar to other survival games in many ways, but it is also different. I like that. The magic system seems great so far and I am really looking forward to playing around with some of the higher level spells soon.Sure, the game's optimization is not the best and it does need polish in a lot of places. It is the first day of Early Access. It is by no means a perfect game, but I do believe it has a lot of potential and I look forward to seeing it grow. Right now it does feel a lot like ARK because it uses the same engine, assets, and general surivial/crafting system. The ARK team assited in making this game because Snail Games aquired Wildcard back in 2015, so this move is completely logical. I also enjoy playing ARK, so I am okay with this. I always wanted a fantasy version of ARK anyway. I do think that with time this game will become more unique, although it already feels that way to me.I  can't speak for the official servers myself, but I hear they are not great right now. This is very typical for this kind of game. They get flooded by large groups that only want to PvP. I prefer PvEvP or roleplay servers more and I have had a good experience with that so far. If you are looking for a friendly, more casual experience check out the unoffical ones available.Give it a try for yourself if you like survival or fantasy games!"
76561198022411663,Not Recommended,529180,33682970,Posted: 20 July,all,Jexx,"Game feels like your starring at the ground the whole time, feels very awkward, it's not optimized at all,no first person. If you wan't to support this game for sure, get it, but i can't reccommend this game in this state. Stick with Ark till this game get's into shape. It's one of those i got a bad feeling about this games. The trailer looks great! But when you get into the game, feels not so great."
,Not Recommended,529180,33684916,Posted: 20 July,all,Eury,unplayable frame drops unoptimized at all 15 fps on low uses the exact graphic settings as ark survivali saw the reviews and thought na cant be that bad........ it is putting in for refund because omg its terrible
76561198076385045,Not Recommended,529180,35220342,Posted: 26 September,all,[CCU] SirFranc,"I really wish I could give a positive review, I'm angry at this game because the potential it has is so big... yet is wasted.I love this game idea, the graphics and the style are awesome, the crafting is well made and the leveling is interesting.Seriously the graphics are REALLY GOOD, with some minor enchancements the crafting and building could actually turn pretty awesome.But the combat system and the way the monster spawn / are placed totally kill the experience.You would expect some dark souls-esque combat system, with shield block, parry, roll and well timed attacks, enemy patterns...none of the above, is a button mash that looks like a broken and dumber version of skyrim's fight, and utterly unbalanced at that.Melee is a joke, you just swing your sword hoping to deal damage before the lvl 180 enemy spawned in front of the start zone ravages and mauls you to death with a few hits.Shields are pointless, so are armors, they seem to do absolutely nothing, you can't even parry.You can't even outrun enemies, pretty much everything I encountered is way faster than you and just pray for the AI to get wonky and stuck on a rock (Is your only chance to survive), you can't even flank them as they will automatically face you with little or no delay, no matter how big they are.The hitboxes are ridicolously broken as well, there is not clear feedback on what is hitting you and how, where to hit and where it misses, just swing and pray to hit, because you WILL be hit, always.The only way to effectively fight at the moment is to climb a rock or a place where the AI gets stuck and spam fireballs until the enemy dies.Seriously, that's the ONLY way to get against most enemies.Forget building a nice home just outside of town, it will get swarmed with enemies spawning every 10 minutes just behind your doorstep, all random (there is no such thing as enemies related to their surroundings, you could get anywhere a treant, goblin or skeleton, and quite often a barghest / mega wolf of doom) and of course all well above your level (average level 60-90), nevermind the meteros falling down and spawning uber enemies as well.Lest I forget, most enemies have a knack for tearing your house apart even if you are dead, and they are pretty good at that since 90% of the enemy attacks are swipes and destroy/damage several modules at once.Some enemies can steal your stuff which understandably can be frustrating since they spawned 100 levels above you and oneshot you from behind, good luck finding them back.I asked for a refund at the moment, I'm not paying for a game i won't play anymore.If they will ever change the battle system and monster spawn and make it fair and enjoyable we can talk again about buying it.I dearly hope this will happen, but it doesn't seem likely, the overhaul required is too massive."
76561198167588164,Not Recommended,529180,33920301,Posted: 30 July,all,Makeke,"I like the concept of the game. I really do. But I get the feeling that they bit off more than they can chew. It's a similar team as ark and that is good and bad. Bad = they don't know how to fix things. Good = they add a LOT of semi broken content to the game.But I guess if you like ""more"" then it's a good game for you.Me? I don't want more. I want better. More isn't better, better is better."
,Not Recommended,529180,33962237,Posted: 1 August,all,zxRogue,"May be good in a few months but for right now it's very buggy and certainly lives up to the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ standard set by most EA games that have come out recently, also a quick note the steam videos and screenshots are not at all what the game looks like, more of a glorified verision of the actual game.P.S- the hitboxes for gathering in this game are ♥♥♥♥ed"
76561198040082787,Not Recommended,529180,33822142,Posted: 26 July,all,Neversafe,"The game is promising but the moment you get into a server you are immediately set upon outside of town by people who sit and wait just to kill you. Your body gets camped and then you can't even get anything you've spent hours working on back. No real point to trying to go back so you start over, again. But now you've got to spend time getting weapons and tools and supplies just to survive the night (or you can suicide your body to run back with a fresh body and start again, but your food has spoiled so now more work just to GET OUT of the town). Sorry but I like a challenge but I don't like frustration just to get into a game.I'll pick this back up at a later date after the lag/bugs/always dead vendors on every server/general gameplay has been fixed. As of now I give up 0/10."
,Not Recommended,529180,33688067,Posted: 20 July,all,Hydra,"It has potential...but as of right now...it's not playable. I tried to play it solo in Local single player to learn the buttons and play style to practice and couldnt play...I set everything (graphically) to 0 essentially and still lagged to hell. My stats are higher than min but lower than max suggested stats...So, if anyone has stats as low as the ""min suggested"" you for sure can't play this game...they need to change their min/max suggested values.... If you dont have at least 16gb of Ram and at least a GeForce 1060...you can't play shiz.It lags so bad, character creation is lacking options as well as a stand still function (as the toon moves every 0.001seconds making it impossible to design their face), You have a god awful long loading screen to get into the game and no (quit game) option to just close it when you finish...Instead you get the joys of...oh wait, a closing the game loading screen? DF? Hovering your mouse over your settings doesn't explain what any of it is or does, so the acronyms mean shiz all to me.Please add:Stand still or idle animation in character creationA butt sizer seperate of belly (wtf? I have to be pregnant to have a Butt?)More nose options and sizing, can I not look like a bird white person? I want a button nose, not a beakAdd makeup options and lip colorMore hairsPiercings/jewelry (elves wear ear cuffs, crowns, headpieces etc...)Tattoos and body markingsAdd an option on the menu to (QUIT GAME) and complete just closeRemove:A loading screen while quitting?Memory Leakhorrible lag from hellI'd still like to play the game...but maybe in a year or so...when they aren't being complete idiots and trying to rush over quality to beat out another game??? By rushing you already lost.0/5"
,Not Recommended,529180,33679847,Posted: 20 July,all,Monjac,"Finally got into the game after a long loading time , sadly the game look nothing like it was advertised from the trailer even on maximum settings ( epic )Developers have said it on the start menu game is only 30% completed , that's exactly what you get.Grass growing in the air , particle effects are weird , game performance is wonky , some of the objects in game have low to no textures , graphical glitches and bugs everywhere , character animation is stiff , NPC are naked , no way to disable voice chats , etc etcCan't recommend the game in its current state , the game is still in extremely rough form"
76561198061725278,Not Recommended,529180,33680849,Posted: 20 July,all,Yoko,"The game is a pile of unfinised crap. They are worried about Citadel coming out and after a while of silence suddenly drop EA access on steam. It;s borderline unplayable, a lot fo the quests don't work, the grapics are appauling even on max settings, the movement, pickup and attacking is clunky and the hitboxes are a joke.This is not fit for EA release and is a cash grab, wait a few months maybe even 6, see where this goes. Avoid for now."
76561198084282892,Not Recommended,529180,34298761,Posted: 16 August,all,Hamilton,"I tried to kill a rabbit with a sword. Rabbit took no damage and wandered around me in circles.I tried to kill a sheep and lagged backwards, falling off a cliff. The sheep didn't seem to notice.This isn't your average, everyday desync. This isadvanced desync10/10 blew my mind.In all honestly wait a couple months (at least) on this one. I liked Ark, but Ark was far more functional from day one. Only those really determined to make the game fun will find any enjoyment at this point. I'm looking forward to seeing how it improves though."
76561198044243689,Not Recommended,529180,34055919,Posted: 6 August,all,Oogbar,"So far... this game is definitely EARLY BETA equivilant to ARK... VERY VERY nerve wracking, very frustraiting, poorly optimised, few key binds, pet commands and interfaces are almost as clunky as actual rocks.It has a GREAT amount of potential, but it has a LONG way to go... there are a lot of blemishes to polish out before it shines.I am not saying it isn't worth buying... it is just... not worth your sanity RIGHT NOW."
76561198171238315,Recommended,529180,33691377,Posted: 21 July,all,danstew23,"*** Review in progress, will update this once I play this more***Let me start with a disclaimer: I'm not a ""fanboi"" or ""white knight"" about this game. I learned about it like 48 hrs prior to the release, had never heard of it before. I read an article about it, liked what the devs had in mind and decided to give it a try. So it might turn out to be a disappointment, and I don't consider this to be something like the most innovative game ever. It basically seems like ""Ark-inspired game set in a fantasy setting"". It is amusing how so many people now say ""Yuck, an Ark-clone"", when a) it was pretty obvious from the start b) so many games are clones, and a lot of times, people don't mind or even applaud it, as in ""Hey, look, a fun D3-clone with a better setting"" or whatever.Anyway - I like what I see so far, but you should always keep in mind that this is totally early EA, so I don't get why so many reviews complain about bad optimization or bugs.PerformanceThere is a long loading screen at first (even though it was shorter than the one in Ark was when I first installed that game last December), but after that, the game ran smoothly.Performance-wise, yes, it's obvious that the game is very early EA, and therefore not very optimized, yet it ran fine without stutters on my PC, which isn't exactly state of the art anymore (i7, 16 gigs of ram, GTX 960 with 4 GB RAM)GameplayThere is a tutorial which will guide you through the early stages. There are some bugs there, as in hints not being displayed correctly (to level a certain skill, you need to do certain activities, and those aren't always listed correctly). There are things missing, as in a way to sleep (couldn't find any NPCs renting rooms/beds to rest in etc.), but that is to be expected.Gathering by magic is fun, and leveling skills by gathering/crafting is a nice touch. So you don't have to use points you earn to learn engrams (like in Ark), but level your skills by doing other things. Example - gathering wood or grass will help you raise several skills, which in turn unlocks recipes/engrams belonging to those skills automatically.LooksThe graphics don't look as amazing as they do in the screenshots yet, but I expect that that, like many ingame-systems, will change during the developmentControlsOf course very similar to Ark. Hotbar with different slots. Drag tools into those slots, activate them to use them.BugsNo crashes at all. There are some things missing, and the most annoying bug right now is one tutorial quest I for some reason can't complete (have to sell goods to vendors to earn 100 G. I sold several piles of goods, earning thrice that amount, yet the quest won't complete). Haven't found a way to sleep yet, which means that my char will die occasionally until that is fixed, or requires me to eat piles of flowers. =)In summaryIt is day one of the EA. I did expect a game heavily inspired by Ark with some changes to the gameplay systems (vendors, gathering by magic, leveling skills) and a different setting. I do like what I see so far. I expect a ton of things to change, as they should for a game in development, so I will update my review and eventually post a final review once the game has been developed further and is out of EA.If you expect a fully finished product, stay away from this. If you dislike Ark - this is very similar to it (think LOTRO, Rift and a ton of other MMOs compared to WOW), so it might not be the right game for you.I am looking forward to seeing this get developed further, and will update the review accordingly"
76561198065367304,Recommended,529180,33693380,Posted: 21 July,all,Jeff,"I bought this game not expecting much but was pleasantly suprised at how fun it was. It certainly does not deserve all the hate it is getting. Sure, it does have some issues here and there but nothing major.. I see a bright future for this game."
,Not Recommended,529180,34732216,Posted: 4 September,all,Nxaza,"Im getting 10-30fps on all graphics settings with gtx 1070, i7 3930k and 16g ram (I had to refund). Other then this issue the game looks promising but I recommend you wait until this bug is fixed or wait for a heavy discount.Edit: based on some forum discussions this bug seems to only affect singleplayer and not multiplayer servers."
,Not Recommended,529180,34072566,Posted: 6 August,all,Senyra,"Unplayable game. The core concept is great and I believe most of the issues will be solved in the future but right now this game is quite bad. The servers lag endless whenever they're they're close to full, animals and beasts get stuck all the time and it's extremly difficult to land a hit on them even tho you're close and the hitting animation shows you're hitting them. Rubberbanding and eternal chasing from hostile enemies are two other issues that make it difficult to play."
76561198146458504,Not Recommended,529180,33963410,Posted: 1 August,all,mco301301,"Many people saying this game is an Ark clone. This is largely becasue the studio that makes this game (Snail Games USA) Recently purchased the company that created Ark (Studio Wildcard). Most likely its the same exact guys that made Ark making Dark and light. I cant recomend for now with all the optimization issues and lack of content, but I am hopeful for the future"
76561198038787262,Not Recommended,529180,33847840,Posted: 27 July,all,Fawne DaBear,"TL;DR “It’s Ark: Survival Evolved, stapled over a map made a decade ago, with a lot of Early Access problems, but you can use magic and tame unicorns so if that’s your thing then go for it, otherwise don’t waste your money.”Typical ""Early access"" issues aside it is pretty blatantly an ARK ripoff, reskin, whatever you want to call it. Yes … SnailGames did buy Studio Wildcard and so they’ve sort of got a right to do this, but everything from the character model, to the hud,  to crafting system, to the creature mechanics are so reminiscent of it’s ‘parent game’ that I kind of feel like it would have been better served as ARK: Middle Earth DLC or something, instead of a whole new game.The map itself has a layout painfully reminiscent of it’s 2006 release and it’s fairly obvious where the ‘questing zones’ once were. The “Starting Cities” have a lot of empty space to them wasted on grandeur with a smattering of NPCs from whom you can buy/sell things, however the textures, modeling, and AI all pretty clearly show just how old those assets and the AI really are.I guess the ‘quests’ you might have once done in this game are now ‘tasks’ purveyed to you in a ‘flash game reminiscent’ tool tip on the left hand side of your screen. These serve as your tutorial as well as a mechanic to introduce you to the game's Lore, which in itself is kind of watery and unfulfilling. “Magic is bad because it blew up the moon” or something.A lot of the things you’re supposed to do are often garbled by the poor english skills of the development crew, where tooltips are often times misleading or just hard to understand. I realize the original game was in chinese but personally expected more effort than ‘running it through google translate’ to be applied to the english version even at this stage of development.All in all it just feels like a shameless money grab, where the better parts of two games were mashed together to create another and instead of paying 9.99 a month to be able to use a hang glider for it they’re charging a flat 22$.Save your money for something else, or if you already have ARK you can just mod it to the same effect. This could, someday, metamorphosize into a new, unique, fun game but it is not any of those right now."
,Not Recommended,529180,33679980,Posted: 20 July,all,Apples,"Snail games has taken the bones of ark, and thrown out everything that made ark a good survival game.  Interacting with the world feels cheap, the animals seem like stock models that might look good in a mobile MMO.  The animations are missing in many cases or are janky.It feels like Snail Games tried to shove Ark into the mold of an MMO, and forgot everything that makes Ark feel good to play."
76561197972247647,Not Recommended,529180,33886883,Posted: 29 July,all,Cyvster,"This is the only game I have ever requested a refund for. It is an Ark mod. I already own Ark, I'm not paying $30 for a mod in a game I already own. Especially when it is being marketed as a new game."
76561198043832643,Not Recommended,529180,33683712,Posted: 20 July,all,FUBU,GUYS DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. IT IS COMPLETE SCAM.  It clearly stated that it supports 10 other languages at the time of purchase and they remove everything but English and Chinese at the launch of the game.  The game is not even close to what they showed in the trailer or gameplay videos.  I've purchased so many early access games and this is by far the worst one ever.
76561198129217907,Not Recommended,529180,34045597,Posted: 5 August,all,Koolaid man,"Well at first had high hope for the game then i started to notice things, made the game unplayable. Feeding trough was a very bad idea for one. Dont bother playing pve becuase foundations are placed everywhere like ark which is not a big deal really but they block feeding trough's. Unable to tame makes the game unplayable unless you play pvp which is not my thing."
,Recommended,529180,33693527,Posted: 21 July,all,akhichrome,"To be honest, most of the negative reviews are something to be expected from an early access game. The devs already started addressing the bugs, and have already released an update with a few bug fixes which is great, has me thinking that most of these reviews are just ARK fans.Don't listen to the negative reviews, pick up the game for yourself and try it out, you might end up with a different opinion."
,Not Recommended,529180,34004752,Posted: 3 August,all,Aelicc,This game has so much potential.BUT WAIT A FEW MONTHS.> Bugs> Bugs> More bugs
76561198031903307,Not Recommended,529180,33940032,Posted: 31 July,all,Pha cops,"Currently not recommended yet, until several things are fixed.E.g. the goblins that 1-shot you when a fresh char just as they do when you're armored and 10's of levels higher. Putting you into a knocked out position and taking 100% of your things.Which is quite ridiculous as a game mechanic, given the attached frustration of wasted time.That's just the part I actually got to play. There were several crashes, extreme load times, lost progress due to the crashes. the list goes on.Chiefly latency and weird issues with the UI made it marginally unplayable.I understand this is 'Early Access' but things shouldn't get released to early access until they are mostly playable but with some few bugs, rather than massively bugged.If nothing else, the official media should indicate this somehow, and there should be a price cap on things in this state."
76561197971964488,Recommended,529180,33685397,Posted: 20 July,all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"Ark with a fantasy setting. -> Awesome!Seeig that it is the same studio and they own the assets they made a great game so far, even if its only 30ish % done for its first map. :)The EXP and unlock system is kind fo confusing at first but it give you all teh skills over time, while just playing. Merges perfectly with the Quests and the level system. I like it although it was a bit hard to figure out at first.A lot of content already in and enough stuff to figure out ingame. Not a lame duck like conan or any of teh other survivals releasing. They basicly made it like in Ark: Start off with a lot of content and deliver new content before most ppl have seen the existing one, sweet system and the ""magic"" behind Ark. If you can not see that you are prolly better fitted in an FPS.Download was slow, install was slow and teh game is more hardware hungry then ARK itself. That with teh initial lag of thousands of players rushing onto the servers, explains most of teh negative reviews for teh first hours, i guess."
,Not Recommended,529180,33679786,Posted: 20 July,all,razgon,"Sadly, the graphics are really broken for me, and the gameplay is...well, its basically a reskinned ARK - I guess I kinda expected it, but not at this level.So weird - I reckon they just purchased the name, and went from there?"
76561197996860706,Not Recommended,529180,33961259,Posted: 1 August,all,Masterj,"Will delete this when one major bug is fixed.Hit detection is horrible to the point where this game is unplayable. You stand at a resource node (tree, rock, dead animal) and it takes several hits for anything to register. Mounts have no hit detection, you can't hit anything, and no one else can hit anything either.Wait a week or two until this is fixed before playing."
,Not Recommended,529180,33689440,Posted: 20 July,all,⎛⎝☠WRATH_ASURA⎠⎞,Thanks for releasing broken game all of sudden bcoz of citadel release is near...refund button works...if everything fix then we will meet again next year ...
,Not Recommended,529180,34012200,Posted: 4 August,all,Ninetythreex,"Needs A LOT of work.Laggy-glitchy. Pathfinder is bad. Graphics could use some work. Base building is mediocre at best, if you're buying this for the base building aspect there are tons of better games for that. I wouldn't recommend this game unless you for sure know what a EA game is about because this is as EA as it gets, and even then i know WAY better games at EA stages for far cheaper with more to offer.It's got a long ways until this game is completed and i'd steer away until then."
76561198393690077,Recommended,529180,33731069,Posted: 22 July,all,Athan,"Even in it´s early access state the game is really enjoyable, I really like the taming mechanich, even though there are feeding troughs everywhere, I hope to see a lot more spells and creatures, I really recommend the game if you like rpg and survival games, it adds the best aspects of both genres pretty well, plus invincible sheeps (Not really though a boar killed my fur factory Y-Y)"
76561198043722221,Recommended,529180,33799316,Posted: 25 July,all,LittleJohn,"Amazing how many people refer this to ark. Even more amazing how many people complain about the bugs.... may as well use the ""did not read"" gif as you missed the giant early access sign. When ark first came out it was shocking. I still remember being teleported under the surface trapped. Night was pitch black with a torch. So far I've actually found dark and light to be less buggy which is amazing considering there are npcs, magic and raining meteors. If you want a complete game don't buy early access if you want to play this game as it develops and not cry about your quest not finishing then have fun try new things, chances are they will wipe characters in future anyway."
,Recommended,529180,33689227,Posted: 20 July,all,KingEvolved,"This game is really fun, Its not gonna be the ARK killer a lot of people said but its gonna be a kinda close competetor.The only thing I have to complain about is the optimizations but people need to take in the ""Early Acess 30% done"" kind of thing. but all in all its a fun game and has a lot of potential"
,Recommended,529180,33832927,Posted: 27 July,all,Baelzebub,"What can I say about dark and light? I wish there was a middle thumb button but ill just give it thumbs up.Some people compare it to Ark, because to a certain extent some of the systems of the same. But there are some key differences too that no one likes to mention.No more engrams, you simply gain whatever type of recipe you get for leveling up certain specialization trees. A cool concept that needs polishing.Factions and races. Ark has never had this and this concept is one that is a great addition, is it polished? No, its EA so get over it. Based on the faction you choose you get that race, either dwarf, human or elf. Not a bad system in my opinion.Character customization is ultimately so much better than ark was, since basically every male or female fundamentally looked the same but now with this you can have keen differences, between race, stature, build, structure. Theres alot there for early access.Now I've only played the first 10 or so levels and decided the game wasn't for me but I don't believe it is truely a garbage game. It just needs polish. And if you're looking at these reviews looking for a comparison between this and citadel they are two findamentally different games so comparing the two would be like apples and oranges. Citadel being cheaper and not having ""survival"" type of gameplay, that might be for you. Dark and light having a better taming system, and fleshed out skill trees etc. that might be for you.I found that Dark and light was too slow early on for me is all, within the first 10 or so levels it feels like it doesn't bring anything too different to character depth until the later or much later levels, and while that may be fine for some, I've played survival games, I'd like to see my first damage spell or something given to me at level 2-5 just for something in terms of different variation in combat, not only learn my campfire schematic.Take it with a grain of salt."
76561198084227773,Recommended,529180,33831683,Posted: 27 July,all,Thearrowz,AS i see all the negative reviews i wouldnt make your descsion based off that while this game is in Early access its an amazing game very similiar to ark wich was a great feel. ive got 30 something hours played and have been having a ton of fun with so much more to do :D
,Recommended,529180,33869505,Posted: 28 July,all,DragonFarts,"Buy it while its cheap!When this game is done it will be 60 dollars and a much better state.intel 4790k, gtx 1080 EVGA FTW 16gb ramabout 45-60 fps on ULTRA  way more stable than ARK."
76561198063004391,Recommended,529180,33930663,Posted: 31 July,all,reywas216,"I feel as an early access game it gets entirely too much flak for early access expectations. The other half of the bad reviews are people complaining that the relative similarities with Ark being a negative aspect. If it's not broke, don't fix it. Fantastic fantasy sandbox."
76561198352992857,Recommended,529180,33836375,Posted: 27 July,all,jdcmusicman,"I'm really liking the game so far . I like the concept of it and all .BUT the grahics absolutely suck ,even on epic they still suck.I see potential ,but all in all there is a lot of things that need to be fixed .Bugs galore , but that's to be expected from an EA game .It's worth the buck if you like ark style games .Plan on playing this more , but really hope they do some fixing on it soon.Edit: I have become quite addicted to this game now . I love it .The game has not bored me any"
,Recommended,529180,33944703,Posted: 1 August,all,NalarfHD,It's like ARK... but fun
76561198049548301,Recommended,529180,33892510,Posted: 29 July,all,Desperado,"This game is much better than the ""mixed reviews"" say it is. You should know before going in that the game is early access. Things will not be 100% bug free and lag free. I own this game as well as Citadel: Forged with Fire. Dark and Light is much better than Citadel at this point. I would recommend this game if you enjoy games like Ark Survival Evolved."
76561197967341548,Recommended,529180,33880221,Posted: 29 July,all,Flazdorn,"This game has it's faults because it is early access, but things have gotten 100% better over the last few updates."
,Not Recommended,529180,33937080,Posted: 31 July,all,gagamer1337,"There is nothing like leveling a tamed pet from level 24 to 154 just to lose it to a glitch and be shrugged off by support. Goodjob guys, goodjob!   This game will probably be great if they can fix all the problems, but unfortunately for me I will be playing Ashes of creation alpha or Bless by the time that happens."
76561198039276983,Recommended,529180,33834968,Posted: 27 July,all,brandonkelley15,"I would love to play the game, but I've been in the loading screen for the past two days."
,Recommended,529180,33950069,Posted: 1 August,all,BigBro,i cant really give this game a review because i struggle to get 20 fps on medium/low the people seem really freindly on this game but a downside is that it takes about 20 mins to join a server. (for me im not sure about other people)my pcGTX 1050ti8GB Ram2TB Hardrive100GB SSDAMD FX 6350 Six Core 4.0GHz
76561198092523007,Recommended,529180,33876452,Posted: 29 July,all,Kulgan,"Its an Early Access Game.....no♥♥♥♥♥♥seriously it says so too.So yeh it has some bugs and theres plenty more to come but even now its a hell of a lot of fun. Particularly on a private server, well worth the price.Im pleased im sure you will be too just dont go expecting too much.Be patient and Im pretty sure it will work out as being welll worth it!"
76561198038789133,Recommended,529180,33879293,Posted: 29 July,all,Turrican,"This game is highly unstable at the moment with game breaking bugs.  Some people manage to get into the game fine without any issues, and hopefully these players will help pave the road to repairing and optimising this game to be more stable.I have had a bluescreen from this game, 10 minute loading times even today, framerate so bad that I was forced into the corner with minimum graphics settings, which still managed to lag as if someone had replaced my graphics card with a banana.  It seems to be a common problem regardless of your hardware, so don't beat up your PC for it.I have to give it a thumbs up and forgive it because of how ambitious and great the game idea is and also for constant patch updates to fixes and they really seem to be working hard at.  I originally bought this game to support it's future development because this game looks like one I will easily pore 400+ hours into.  Good luck to the team working on this complicated project and I can't wait to be seeing a fully working  game at it's release."
76561198017975243,Recommended,529180,33793159,Posted: 25 July,all,Crimson,"If you're not sure about this game I would recommend watching a video of someone who is already several hours into it. Two hours is not enough time to get a good feel for the game. I kept playing and before I knew it the game sucked nearly 40 hours out of me and I'm really enjoying it.That being said, there are some things to know before hand.This game is currently in early access so there are many bugs and it is not well optimized.Do NOT expect the game to run smoothly and look amazing just yet, even if your machine is a beast.Expect a 5-15 min loading screen every time you relaunch the game. (Hopefully this will get better)After the long loading screen you can exit to menu and rejoin the game much faster, 1-2 min usually.If you do decide to get the game then make sure to follow the tutorial as far as you can. It is a little buggy but requires you to be in your starting city. It took me longer to figure things out as I immidiatly started playing with friends and went out into the wilderness.If you end up enjoying the game then make sure to leave a positive review. I think this game has a lot of potential and hope it gets even better in the future."
,Recommended,529180,33793745,Posted: 25 July,all,jagis,"amazing game with friendly comunity, feels like noone care about pvp, eweryone just enjoying the game and helping each other."
76561198092638963,Recommended,529180,33792445,Posted: 25 July,all,Jack Hare,"I have roughly put in about 12 hrs of game play into the game so far and I am very pleased with the game. There are some bugs, which of course can be expected. The EA stage is exactly that, EA and bug fixing. I feel by the time of the release the full version of the game it is going to be a big contender for the genre. I have enjoyed everything so far. Even in death it doesn't seem to be as devastating as the games comparison ARK. It has all the aspects I wish that ARK had. I am looking forward to putting a lot of game time into this new and exciting game."
,Recommended,529180,33794212,Posted: 25 July,all,Fizbane,"Solid Start so Far, Everything I liked about games like Ark but in a setting I much prefer. Game is rough around the edges but thats to be expected, if your not up for crashes and stability issues wait until the game is further along."
76561197968567539,Recommended,529180,34080924,Posted: 7 August,all,Pikey,"This is a positive recommendation review on DnL with a feature comparison to its related parent game, ARK:Survival Evolved at its own release (closest comparison) .Discussing bugs is out of scope since I began writing this, another update was released fixing some of them, so the review would not age well if I did.1)Starting zones are race related and consistent spawns.From an early-game ‘workflow’ perspective, I found this to be an improvement on Ark, which suffers from ‘player displacement’ when you die and respawn prior to beds etc. You are familiar with your start zone in DnL, you know where to run, which you will be doing a lot, and it is a safe harbour, which removes unfairness and RNG from the process. It’s great for orientating you at the early hours of gameplay (pre-level 20). Side note – Sprint lasts a good (enough) time, which similar to an MMORPG ‘corpserun’. This gets you over that initial “hump” before you craft better ways to reduce downtime from death penalty. I find the consistent starting place is anchoring, less time wasteful and suffers less disappointing RNG. Your own opinion on whether this is better will vary.2)City and NPC use.As well as giving you a consistent and safe start, you have NPC’s, and more importantly, guards protecting you from everything except flying beasts (right now) which gives the early leveller a well-established tactic of “Run Like Feck” to kite mobs to the city guards. This is a massive comfort, since creature’s aggro onto you with line of sight and can be quite pedantic with their threat tables. Once you make it on there, it’s a grudge for life. NPC’s (which now respawn) are useful to trade with but cannot be abused (time locks on selling). This makes for an alternate playstyle catering to those with lower risk-reward thresholds than others. It also means access to a useful mount, early on. Take it or leave it, it’s a sliding level of difficulty you can use, or not. To summarise, the City and NPC’s are a great addition that bring some extra life and utility but aren’t breaking the core gameplay, just augmenting it.3)The balance with grind versus survival is the best one I’ve seen yet.Hunger and thirst are NOT annoying at default levels and don’t cripple you. Same as Focus (wakefulness), Stamina and Mana. You must gather a wider range of objects than Ark, you don’t need to eat to live. In fact, food is a by-product of what you do already, and fits into the play workflow excellently. This is super important! This stuff cannot be annoying or else the game gets tedious. The limits set by these resources are important but not detracting. They make it so you are not invincible, but you need to tend to yourself every so often. Your own opinion may vary, as would the server settings and further development impacts.4)Crafting and progression.I find this way better than Ark. Whilst you have character levels which increase your statistics in both games, in DnL, to access recipe’s, you are not gated directly by level, instead you gain recipes by doing the related gathering or crafting. You get better at stuff by doing the same stuff, which allows you to focus on what you do and give you your own goals rather than just levelling as a grind. Or simply put, if you want to level your house building, build house parts. Want to level magic? Build staves and magic items. This means that your friends levelling at the same time actually have different recipes available to them (since we all do things differently). With three people, we found one concentrated on home comforts, one on taming and one on combat. But no one ever planned it that way.There is a (currently broken) tutorial system guiding you on what to do, which would, when fixed, give players a great introduction to the game and sets goals to guide you. It would also be completely ignorable but for the interface element being stuck there. The UI is overly invasive for it and it’s inflexible, but the concept is useful. The crafting progression is great and less strictly gated, although, in real terms, yes, you cannot get high end things immediately, but you can lean certain ways. It’s more about Player choice.5)Targeting and movement.From my memories of early Ark, I don’t recall the targeting and movement being as good. However, I’m open to folks saying the two are in parity now. I certainly thought that DnL was better at its EA release than Ark’s and didn’t recall being ever able to run forwards and look backwards, which is definitely a great part of kiting.6)Character creation.Ark WAS horrible at this point in development, and I despise being constrained in character creation personally. The DnL characters, both male and female look fantastic in DnL. But you can also get funky and make something resembling a troll or goblin using the sliders and the odd skin colours like black, blue and green. From playing games with my wife the last 11 years, I can tell you that females NEED character customisation. She also says, “The hair is ♥♥♥♥ and I want more hairstyles”. Valid, we need the fairer sex in gaming. But overall, this is one of the better character creations I have seen anywhere and better than Ark in terms of variation. Except hair. Again.7)Taming is superior.It’s interactive, fun and better in every way … except in the one same way Ark is bad. That there is no feedback during the stunning/fatigue phase. I believe taming would be less frustrating/confusing if this was changed. Slowing the creature progressively, or a bar over its head would work. Tying a creature down with magic rope looks and feels great. Clearly subject to change, but it’s already more fun and cool than Ark, for me. There are other methods later in game also using magic. Similar in that taming is there with the same end result, different process to get there. How much you see it as different really depends on your point of view. I like the concept of rope myself.8)Fantasy setting and magic.It’s a personal differentiator, but we don’t really have this genre well covered in FPS. I can’t say how the high end PvP works with this, but for low end PvE, I prefer the concept to Ark’s guns and higher end weaponry. Enough to say, if you like magic and dragons, you will like this. It persuaded some of my non ‘Dino-phile’ friends into DnL on this very basis. It’s still a personal thing though. I hear observations like, “This is an Ark reskin”. Apart from the key differentiators I’m listing here, it’s also fair to say some people don’t get turned on by Dinosaurs, and mythical beasts are more their thing. You cannot knock those subjective opinions, it’s the key differentiator, but not the only differentiator.9)The Goblin mechanic!A cheeky mob that knocks you out and robs your things and makes off. Worth a mention just because it’s so cool. You can have epic gameplay hunting down the thieving b&^%&*s trying to get your stuff back. It’s great dynamic content that we should see more of. It’s become personal with the AI! After speaking to a 1K hour Ark player, this made its way into Ark in slightly differing ways. Knockout has always been there in Ark, stealing your stuff came later, the two, however are nicely combined in the Goblin, with a more immersive package.I hope the game continues to develop in the same way as I am enjoying it very much!"
76561198034286355,Recommended,529180,34081466,Posted: 7 August,all,$teampunkKitties,At first I was a little disappointed when I purchased the game. I actually refunded it once and then decided to give it another try thanks to some guild mates who couldn't stop praising it. Came back and am loving it! Just goes to show that you should try it out as long as possible before making rash decisions. As the game stands now I am really loving it though some more in depth tutorials would be very helpful for people who might be starting off in the game alone and without friends to give them starters advice. I think this is going to be a wonderful game in it's completion and with all the huge patches that they have been putting into it....shows they are listening to their player base and trying to make it as smooth as possible for a EA game.
76561198007541192,Recommended,529180,33688439,Posted: 20 July,all,schnzy,"Yes it is the same engine ask Ark, and most of it feels very familiar if you spent much time with Ark.But man is this more fun. I love the idea of this survivial fantasy, trying not to starve to death while running away from a griffon and tring to knock it out of the sky with a fireball... SO MUCH FUN. This game has a ton of potential.Yeah its full of bugs, some stuff needs balancing, some necesary items are unlocked way to late in progression. But it is early access (very very early aceess) but if the devs do put in the effort I think this will be a winner.Until then if you cant handle growing with the game and dealing with bugs, then stay away. Either way giving this a reccomend purely on its future potential, and the hope the devs will work for it."
,Recommended,529180,33688275,Posted: 20 July,all,☩Sparrow421,"Solid game, it has a few similarities to Ark so you will be familiar with it if you played Ark, but they are vastly different games at the core.The negative reviews are from the typical players who buy into early access games and complain that it's early access.The game had a rocky start with the official servers but i switched to private servers and havent had a hiccup yet.There are a few bugs which is indicitive of EA games but im sure they will be ironed out once Snail gets the servers stable.Really worth checking out if you are a fan of fantasy settings."
76561198061288014,Recommended,529180,34081855,Posted: 7 August,all,HawkLord,I have been playing this game for a long time now and I have to say it's a really good game once you get into it. The only problem that I had with it was the update introduces more bugs That is expected with Early Access games. the major problem that I really have is  Elementals are completely broken and they can get one shot killed every time. other is Gathering is a little broken and delayed but that will be soon fixed with new update coming up. It is a good game to get into with your friends and enjoy the breathtaking environments.
,Recommended,529180,33878800,Posted: 29 July,all,Iron Zerg,"It's early access, and we all know what that means. Expect bugs, lack of optimization, etc...but the core gameplay is great.  Assuming the developers are responsive to the community (and based on the first patch and discussions on preventing offline raiding things are good so far), there's a lot of opportunity here.  The game itself plays like a mix between ARK and Skyrim.  The survival aspects are real, but not too punishing, and it feels a lot less grindy that ARK.  Your character matters a lot, and as you level up your character through general experience gains, you also level up individual skills by doing tasks that pretain to that skill, which is a lot of fun.The core mechanics are solid, although the game seems to run better on private servers than the public ones...but just like ARK, I tended to avoid the pubilc cheating/exploiting/hacking garbage than tends to ruin public servers anyway.All in all, if you're looking for a great cross-over between an RPG and an open-world survival game, D&L is it."
76561198114082758,Not Recommended,529180,34003669,Posted: 3 August,all,itstoocold,"Game is its infant stage. Constantly fighting aginst low FPS, frozen screen, fatal glitches and broken melee system. The fact more and more companies are releasing these unplayable early-access game is mind-blowing to me. Overall horrific expeience. Will tell everyone i know not to buy this game,"
,Recommended,529180,34116491,Posted: 8 August,all,Geek,Great game but needs tons of optimization for people to even enjoy this Gem!
76561198183497387,Recommended,529180,34005371,Posted: 3 August,all,RamboRick,"This game had a rough start but the updates so far have been amazing, everything from performance to content has already been updated and added. I highly recomend this over Citadel if your trying to decide :)."
76561197993234389,Recommended,529180,33961902,Posted: 1 August,all,Simmons,Considering it is still in the early stages of Early Access the game is shaping up to be a nice survival/explorer.  Adding npcs is a nice touch and helps make the world feel more purposeful.  The community is great.  The devs are very involved and dedicated.  This is definitely a must for someone looking for more fantasy than ARK or Conan Exiles.
76561197970596169,Not Recommended,529180,33974293,Posted: 2 August,all,Sultan_Bender,"Just like every other survival game you can smell the ""never going to get properly finished"" after the first hour just by the idea and the fact its a game thats just thrown out there by a already fishy dev. and company. Ok with friends but playing it solo you really get the idea of the cashcow it is."
76561198143059093,Recommended,529180,33990929,Posted: 3 August,all,novice,Sweet gemw my only problem is the optimization.
76561198235888096,Not Recommended,529180,34095894,Posted: 7 August,all,FOREStKIN,"The♥♥♥♥♥♥load times do bother me, but the fact I cant play this game unless it's on solo is just bad don't buy this until a few more patches get dropped. I love early access games but this doesnt work almost at all."
76561198339542269,Recommended,529180,33844409,Posted: 27 July,all,Tec_9ether,Looks pretty good so far gonna hop back in.
76561198076449414,Recommended,529180,33708129,Posted: 21 July,all,123,"TLDR: Game is far from finished, probably going to suffer much of the same issues as arkm but ultimately goign to be a fun fantasy survival game.This game, as of right now, suffers from optimization issues.  It certainly feels like an alpha.  My hour has been enjoyable, despite this.  I can recommend this game.PS: this is not an ark clone, per se.  It is by the company that owns wild card, built on the same engine as ark."
76561197993997391,Recommended,529180,34172253,Posted: 11 August,all,War Wolf,"Great game some bugs to be expected, early access, but the fixes are coming out like clock work they are really on top of the bugs; fixing them a few at a time.  updates are coming out fast at the moment and the negitive reviews are mostly people not helping the game development thats what we are here for you will see most of the complaints are crybabies that are not good at pvp or complaints about bugs that have been fixed or the devs are working on.  the devs seem to be listening to the complaints and puting out updates as fast as they can.  Why cant people understand game is still in development.If you cant handle early release games, and except that there is bugs dont buy it.  If you want to be part of a games development, and help the devs by reporting bugs while having some fun then buy the game.  This game has a great consept and a lot of potential.  This game is fun!"
76561198030947163,Recommended,529180,33691154,Posted: 21 July,all,D34DLY,"Most of the negative reviews have less than 1 hour of played time.  Hardly enough time to give the game a chance.The game is in early access, so there are a few bugs and issues.  If you want the game perfect, don't play Early Access.The game has been fun so far.  Probably the most fun thing is casting fireball at sheep, and watching them run away while they are on fire.I got ganked by goblins and they stole all my stuff, but it was fairly easy to recover and craft new tools and weapons.  I went back and fought the goblins again, hoping to find where they took my stuff--they beat me down again and stole my stuff again.  The goblins work together to take you down.  They don't kill you, just knock you unconscious and steal your things.Another time, at night, I got chased by a giant Reaper for a long ways.  I would run until my stamina got low, and then check if it was still following me, and it was.  Nighttime is quite dark, so it makes running away more of a challenge.  There is a light spell, which is bright, but the radius of illumination is not good for seeing things in the distance, and the monster chasing you, until it is on you again.  I made it to town.  The guards killed it, and they were nice enough to leave the loot for me, so I got a helm and a reaper scythe.EDIT:  After playing the game more, I really like this game.  Buy this game.  Quit your job.  Play it full time."
76561198020472242,Not Recommended,529180,33927646,Posted: 31 July,all,xaepa,"This game is absolutely unplayable.I have an I7 7700k and a 1070, 16GB DDR4 Ram and a m.2 hard drive.It looks like a fantastic game to play when I was watching twich streamers however, if you can even manage to connect to a server (can take 20 mins, multiple game restarts), good luck actually trying to attack something as basic as a sheep.I hit a level 8 sheep over 100 times with a sword and nothing happened.I then attacked a hyena hitting it about 50 times, watching blood splatter everywhere, and it did absolutely nothing.  The hyena even failed to attack me back.I then tried another server, and had the same issue.I'm 70 minutes in to the 2 hour hour returns deadline and I feel like I haven't even really had a chance to try the game.Returning this and will buy Citadel instead.Maybe one day this game will be playable."
,Recommended,529180,34128483,Posted: 9 August,all,maverickbxv,"Let's be honest, game is extremly laggy, and unoptimized, but yeah it has the cover up of being early access so you can't critize it. Game is very fun beyond that if you love to grind and work in a video game. Devs seem like they update the game weekly bringing new content and optimizations. If you like ARK you will like this."
,Recommended,529180,33837565,Posted: 27 July,all,Vienir,Played this game for a bit now and i dont know why people are hating on it  optimization is kinda bad but the game is Early Access.Early access game have some bugs and that kind of stuff so its preaty normal.I enjoy this game.If you like Survival and RPG games i think you will enjoy it too.
76561198049375925,Not Recommended,529180,34190083,Posted: 12 August,all,catsui,"This game is so far from finished it shouldnt even be on sale the problems are so abundent that there isnt any point listing them, I will say that after we built a base which was no small task with the worlds worst leveling system and resource node glitching, an update wiped it all from the map bar our feeding troughs. Id give it at least a year before investing maybe even longer when you look at arks history"
76561198013044283,Not Recommended,529180,34191036,Posted: 12 August,all,DaOldHippieDude,"well a great game that is a♥♥♥♥♥♥game because of all the 12 year olds getting the fix's in the game they want.The gear that has cold resistence does not work ,the spell to warm you up does not work, you cant go around the snow mountain at the base on a fast♥♥♥♥♥mount without dieng from the cold, would be a great game with a few fix's. some 12 year old with a 15 year old pc crying becuase he has lag and the game runs slow. get a new♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pc kid,game runs fine.has great potentual ,but fixing pvp♥♥♥♥♥♥should not be a priority, so your damn turret dosent fire a long enough distance and can be broken with a lighting bolt and staff, hell yea man lets jump right on that.screw getting all the gear to work as intended, to get the melee from jumping over the target so you cant even hit the wolf with any accuracy to save yor♥♥♥♥♥trying to get back WHERE YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥♥DIED FROM THE COLD WITH A CARAVAN OF MOUNTS USING HEALTH SPELLS FOOD AND COLD RESISTANT GEAR, SCREW FIXING ANY OF THAT.well atleat they fixed the fire so if stand on top of it , it might or might not negate some of the cold.i might play it in a year or two,after all the cry babys get there fix's so the team can focus on the other issues that make the game playable and,not just for pvp but for pve as well.see ya ,wouldn't want to be ya."
,Recommended,529180,33826730,Posted: 27 July,all,Sharon Cox,"-Finally gets the game and sets off to ADVENTURE-After 15 minutes, beat attacks me-Tries to fight but escapes with low health-Little time after sees spider and it startes to chase me-A guy protects me while I escape-The guy dies10/10Would be a♥♥♥♥♥♥again"
76561198048045607,Recommended,529180,34321899,Posted: 17 August,all,Neocrowe,"This game is simply amazing. It's beautiful and very interesting.A few pros would be:The Visuals are definitely breathtakingThe amount of depth the game has at 30.02% completion (As of 8-18) is astoundingIt is different enough than most other Early Access Survival games to make it stand outThe knowledge system is by far the best system I've seen for learning recipesGrinding isn't really boringMore RPG elements than other survival gamesSome cons:According to many people, and my close friend, Official Servers are unplayable due to lagThe UI is 90% copied from Ark(radial menus), so if that annoys you, you'll have a problem unless you find a mod to fix itAs stated above, while it does have depth for a game less than a third done, it is less than a third done, so your expectations can't be too highExpect bugs, glitches, crashes, and long loading screens. I play lots of Early Access, so I'm numb to it, but many people are notThis game, because it's new and came out at the same time as Citadel: Forged in Fire, and because many people think it's just an Ark re-skin(imo the similarities are evident, but the differences outweigh them A TON), seems to be rated poorly. If you go in expecting Ark, or even if you had problems with Ark's earlier bugs/glitches/crashes, you will be disappointed. Although do remember: survival games like this can only vary so much in gameplay(Rust, Ark, Dayz, Conan, Citadel, etc.)/If you expect anything close to a finished game, you will likely be disappointed, even though there's many hours of content(I can tell there's probably 50+ more hours worth of content before I've done most of it).The key is, as in many games, finding the right server can be key to your enjoyment.I hope you pick this game up and grow with it, because it's amazing when you get into it, and I think it'll only get better."
76561198175642915,Recommended,529180,34338591,Posted: 18 August,all,Left Hand,"So far I have loved this game and have been confused from all the negative reviews from people who say theres way to many bugs when it has only been our for a month and is in early access, at first I suspected it has been out for years when I look at the reviews than i look at the release date and see it just came out on July 20th 2017.Looking at all things considered here are pros and cons so farPros:1. Stunning graphics2. great spells and early game spells like the fire ball whch is easy to get allows you to kill a lot of single creatures if you go about a fight smart3. great taming because it uses a better method of faster (than ark) and more trapping centered taming where you have to use hook arrows to take it down and then allowing acual crafting instead of egg farms make better anf faster taming foods.4. Goblins because they are great xp farms and because they can be made to man spell towers if you put a spells on them which will help in the future5. Defence gets a advanged with raiding because of how tames aren't ment to destroy anything over stone even the highest teir ones and how you can put spells to hide you from air searches to make your base look like a bunch of trees to them.Cons:The bugs which for right now is okay because its in early access1. The spawn area because when mulitplayer starts up right where you are allowed to build there will be trolls killing you and making traps right when you get out of the city"
76561198018588170,Not Recommended,529180,34083304,Posted: 7 August,all,benmenyo,The update turned all our turrets off when we were sleeping so we got wiped by a lvl 22 just piking our door. 10 out 10 would play again. Game as potential but devs are too stupid to use that potential. Stay away from this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ i crashed 10 times the past 24 hours.
76561198038688147,Not Recommended,529180,34082842,Posted: 7 August,all,rjhzero,"I personally don't recommend this game because unless you have a top of the line gaming rig the game will not run good enough to even play it.  Not only that but the videos on the store page really should put a disclaimer stating that the footage was taken with a high rig gaming pc.  Also the price is too high for a early access title that has so many issues - falling through the map, walking through rocks, un-optimized, etc.I was also disappointed to find out that the crafting system does not allow the player to choose what to unlock.  The crafting types and blueprints are unlocked depending on what resources you gather and how many.  I had hoped the crafting system was like Ark Survival Evolved's intuitive player chosen one, since a lot of reviews claimed this game was a clone of it.  Games like these should be about player choice.  If players aren't given a choice how they play or what they do, then for me, it takes the fun out of it completely.I wish the developers luck, it did seem somewhat fun what little I got it to run.  I just hope they optimize the game so that the majority of gamers (those that don't have super gaming rigs) can purchase and play the game in the future."
76561198262747131,Recommended,529180,33988809,Posted: 3 August,all,CINCzeus,Getting resources building base getting killed by 2 panthers 9\11 would gather again....But.. this game is the best game ever its really fun you should buy it trust me this is not waste of money this is awsome game
76561197976569325,Not Recommended,529180,34091072,Posted: 7 August,all,Skywise,"This game has great potential!  its early access right now but i can see great things for it.    Sadly right now i would strongly recommend if you get this game to stay away from offical servers.  Hacking is everywhere, aim bots, raidar, and so forth.   Devs have decided to not use the battleeye system and have not addressed the issues of hacking themselves ether.   until something changes there i would again recommend not playing on offical servers.  This game has alot to offer, just not with hackers ruining everything for you."
76561198310084322,Not Recommended,529180,33877435,Posted: 29 July,all,banetrapperdev,"Looks really fun, until they fix the lag issues with server... having to swing at a rabbit over 50 times, falling over from exzaustion... and server didn't register you hit it once..."
76561198139100755,Not Recommended,529180,34335286,Posted: 18 August,all,sera,I really can not recommend this time. First it takes so long to load if in fact you can get it to even install properly. It did work at one point until an update made it impossible for me to even play it so I uninstalled it and have been trying to reinstall it for three days now. I am going to uninstall it for good this time so at this point don't waste your money unless you want to wait for 20 minits for a game to load then the possibility of the game not running after an update after a lot of hours spent leveling your character. Wish I could just get my money back!
76561198020660448,Not Recommended,529180,34335955,Posted: 18 August,all,Rhoklaw,"Dark and Light, brought to you by SNAIL games who have a not so polished track records in the gaming industry. Lucky for them, they bought out Studio Wildcard to help turn their failure into a possible success. Amazingly enough, Studio Wildcard learned ZERO from their mistakes back when they launched ARK. Specifically failure to acknowledge / admit to game breaking optimization issues with their game. Instead, just like they did with ARK, they decide to ADD more content before FIXING the game. Do developers lack common sense or prioritization? Why ADD content to a game most people can't even play because your game stutters every 100 yards traveled because it's glitchy as♥♥♥♥♥♥ So long D&L, it was a good 100 hours of slideshow entertainment. I won't recommend this game to anyone till you get your heads out of your derrieres."
76561198033201760,Recommended,529180,33787581,Posted: 25 July,all,Spetz,"except the bugs here and there , and the ea optimization.THIS GAME IS A BLAST !dynamic world  , enjoyable crafting , leveling system .cant wait for the next patches to come ."
,Not Recommended,529180,34392380,Posted: 21 August,all,Makoto Niijima,"This is masochist simulator.You build, tame and farm in order to be destroyed due to bug, lag, bad mechanics again and again.Not recommended for now."
76561198032693664,Recommended,529180,33967968,Posted: 2 August,all,Brentron,"programers have done a impressive job, this game has great potential in the future. single player is better yet multiplayer has way more bugs and not optimised for the moment. you can try it out now and have some fun till the multiplayer service is fixed then invite your friends to join then."
76561198105350374,Recommended,529180,33969694,Posted: 2 August,all,JunkoEve,"All main functionalities of the game are playable. As it is EA game expect some up and downs, but in overall game is very enjoyable. If you like the genre and especially if you like ARK I can fully recommend this game to you, but note you can sometimes get frustrated. For example sometimes after server crashes you get rollback :) Or your tames disappear randomly. Still worth playing and testing out."
76561198112019965,Recommended,529180,34236006,Posted: 14 August,all,-!!DeMeNtEd HaVeN!!-,"Very good game indeed, i would defnitely recommend Dark and Light. For an early access game it's excellent. We all must just be patience while you guys are working on the bugs and glitches."
76561198144210469,Recommended,529180,34236756,Posted: 14 August,all,Kerman,awsome
76561197981493319,Recommended,529180,34233761,Posted: 14 August,all,SnixX,Really good game.If u like ARK/Conan exile this product is for you!
76561198076100120,Recommended,529180,33721699,Posted: 22 July,all,Cyblink,i refunded because it said at start its only 30% percent finished but the early access says it will leave early access in a year. the game as i played it doesnt have bugs just some performance issues like arma but they are minor. its a good game. what happened with citadel i havent seen it before and im gonna test citadel and buy one of two. i like dark and light more because it has more audience but if the same audience was on citadel i guess i would go with citadel.
,Recommended,529180,33723489,Posted: 22 July,all,Commissar Vodka,"The game in question is not an ARK clone (Considering how much I dislike Ark..)Now imagine an open world, lord of the rings like survival game.. Then you're on the right track,It's got MMORPG leveling, crafting, taming and is very enjoyable.There are a good few bugs put nothing not to be expected in an Early Access game.The game itself is underrated. I highly recommend it if you have friends & enjoy fantasy based games!"
,Recommended,529180,33723498,Posted: 22 July,all,S T O N E Y,"Despite all the negative reviews, i've personally been having a blast play this game.My only complaints about it is the fact that it's a little too grindy, but when you put your mind to it and play with at least one other person it speeds up that process.Lets also not forget this game just came out two days ago from this post and it is an early access title, there will be bugs and there will be problems.However i honestly think the launch of this game was not bad at all in comparison to other early access launches i've experianced in the past.For those thats saying it's an ark copy, you are correct and theres a reason to it. Snail Games purchased the rights from Studio Wildhead to use their ark engine. There for it uses UI & sound aspects from the game ark, however it still plays like a completely different style of game. If you like ARK and enjoy a fantasy style of game. You will enjoy your time playing this game.It has a lot of potential moving forward and i hope to see it improve further over the course of time."
76561197985094259,Recommended,529180,33724344,Posted: 22 July,all,ZTempest,"First off, this game is in early access, so it is not fair to evaluate or compare this game in relation to other, more established titles.  This review attempts to take an objective look at Dark and Light, with the understanding that it is still in Early Access. I will evaluate the game based on four factors:  Graphics, Content, Game Mechanics, and Potential using a 1-5 scale, where 1 is poor and 5 is best.TL;DR summary:  Game is highly recommended with the understanding that it is in early access and there are bugs and some negative things with the game at this point.  Overall the game has very high potential and has something for just about everyone.Graphics: overall rating 3. There are glitches, some odd colors reported, circles in the sky, etc. But once again, this game is in early access. Some of the odd things that have happened to me include odd positions after death, getting stuck inside of a rock (and I had to “trigger death” to get out of it), and odd color effects when certain graphics options are turned on.  Still, the game is not that bad, and it is playable, which is why I gave it a “3” at this stage.Content: overall rating 3. This game has PvE and PvP. There are also (as of 21 July) dedicated PvE and PvP servers in place. The quest system that is in place is essentially a sort of tutorial that guides you through how to do things in the game.  The initial quest line is all about gathering certain types of resources and building your first set of stone tools. As you get higher in rank and advance, the quests are structured to open up other things that you can do in the game, such as build your own home, etc. The quests are still somewhat buggy in this stage – I am currently stuck on “sell resources to vendors” – which for some reason will not advance or recognize no matter how much I sell.  Also, the NPC sell model takes a bit of getting used to.  To sell to an NPC, you need to meet a threshold of what the NPC is looking for (i.e., 100 units of straw, etc.).  The game will not allow you to sell individual units of any resource, and at this time I have not seen the ability to resell your old tools, etc. Part of the problem with this is that the vendors have very low “buy” thresholds, so for example, a vendor may only buy three lots of 100 straw units each, and once that limit is reached, it won’t refresh for 24 hours game time. With several individuals all selling to NPCs, that threshold is reached almost 10 minutes after the refresh.  It can be frustrating.Game Mechanics: overall rating 4. To advance in this game and gain “levels” you essentially “learn by doing.”  There are no classes – just a set of skills that everyone can advance in, and the way to advance is by interacting in the game environment.  For example, if you want to advance your fire magic level, mine sulfur from rocks, etc.  As you can levels in skill areas, spells and schematics open up for you to build – once again, with raw or processed resources (i.e., iron, etc).  The only drawback I see with this system is that with everyone having access to the same set of skills, eventually at the higher levels, you will reach a point of diminishing returns where everyone will be exactly the same.  I think that this can be avoided though – I am sure that the devs have already identified this issue and have a plan for the final, released version of the game.Potential: overall rating 5. This game has great potential. I based that assessment on the fact that you have multiple options for end game content – you have the friction between the factions that can generate conflict; the PvE monsters, undead, etc, to battle and overcome; the creativity element with building structures; the environment interaction element – such as taming beasts, etc. Your vision and imagination of how you want to play your character is pretty much the most limiting factor.Bottom line: good game with tons of potential.  Recommended."
76561198015304368,Recommended,529180,33725855,Posted: 22 July,all,SlicingTheMoon,"made my first character who looked like a deformed midget.Played for a little while, doing quest leveling up.Game crached, lost my character.Seems like an interesting game, a combination of ARK and rust somewhat with a fantacy theme.It will most likely be interesting in the future, now it is not that great but if the developers continue it might be.This is as far from a finished game you can get so dont buy it expecting a bugg free game that runs smoothly."
,Recommended,529180,33724607,Posted: 22 July,all,roberttjiv,For being early access I am very impressed.
,Recommended,529180,33722202,Posted: 22 July,all,Karna,this game is good! need a loooooot of tweaks there are so many glitches in game and animation bugs ! but the game has really good potential
76561198082007777,Recommended,529180,33724594,Posted: 22 July,all,Mesikammen,"Everyone complaining either has never player survival games or have been jaded about EA and Ark.  When you buy this keep in mind it is EA, period.  Its a lot of fun if you like crafting and building.  Not a lot of content YET.   Not optomized really, but again that is what you get with a lot of EA.  If you go in expecting bugs and typical EA issues, and since it just came out its gonna have them, you will be able to enjoy the acutal game."
76561198165705770,Recommended,529180,33724785,Posted: 22 July,all,Tyrone Martinez,For being just released into ea this game is great. I can see so much potential for it.
,Recommended,529180,33731910,Posted: 22 July,all,Stormy,"I had fun, the potential is vast. Initially I was glitched at advancing with another player gathering at a rate far fatser than I. I hung in there to level 5, an update and then life was grand again. Granted one of us is in the US and the other is in UK. Some players wait 1 -6 months to ""see"" how an early release does, I responded to my friends suggestion and am glad I did! Gathering, grinding, leveling, building, NPC interactions, trading, monetary system, very eye appealing AND spell casting [my ideal missing link on survival/period games] all added to my user experience. It has bugs to work out. The way the servers are set up is far more user friendly than other gaming platforms, I was able to find friends, and my charachter. I plan on spending time here. Using ESO and ARK as a mix of what you will find here! Thank you and I look forward to advancements :)"
76561198351120409,Recommended,529180,33725776,Posted: 22 July,all,north1984,"is early access so all the bells and whistles that come with that lol but it looks amazing feels awesome and i have very high hopes for the future, this will be my home for a very long time to come and cant wait to see what the future holds."
76561198049852732,Recommended,529180,33709383,Posted: 21 July,all,Ignatios,This is an excellent game with a lot of potential. So long as they focus heavily on optimization and bug fixes for the first several updates it will excel.
,Not Recommended,529180,34625312,Posted: 30 August,all,SPAGHETTI DUDE 69,"poorly optimized, but not the worst part. okay game idea, poorly executed. would not recommend, but will wait to see future updates for possible change of opinion."
76561198122613896,Not Recommended,529180,33682593,Posted: 20 July,all,thejakester144,"For some reason when I'm playing this game, I get TONS of lag. Even when I'm on low graphics settings, there's still lots of pauses in not only the video, but the audio as well. I have been able to run nearly every MMO on this computer, and I don't know why this game is so slow. I'm going to get a refund now."
,Recommended,529180,33727419,Posted: 22 July,all,Dread,It'll get there.
76561198030321867,Not Recommended,529180,34714800,Posted: 3 September,all,lorro111,the graphics are nice but you can spend hrs taming a creature or collecting res just to log on the next day and find out that the devs have ****ed something up and now you have lost everything. i cannot recommend this game at the moment the devs really need to sort there **** out.
76561198010310744,Recommended,529180,34227758,Posted: 13 August,all,Xerios,Its pretty good
,Not Recommended,529180,34548831,Posted: 28 August,all,Kamiyadori,Do you enjoy working hours on end to get a tame or build a nice base? And then have a glitchy panther clip into your base or clip into your tame making you unable to run or attack. then loose everything you had worked so hard for? Then this is the perfect POS game you can buy. Devs don't care. They don't respond to the issue. They just go about there day not fixing anything.
,Not Recommended,529180,34804473,Posted: 7 September,all,Pestilence,"I put in 28 hours REALLY trying to like this game.But, it comes down to a few things..There's not enough content.The building system is awful if you're trying to construct a large dwelling.Too many meteor spawns (i.e. Reapers are OP) ((a Level 5 Reaper will annihilate your tames))Single Player is just plain horrendous trying to survive and keep anything you work for.This genuinely has potential to be an excellent game. Wait until it becomes one."
76561198121988070,Not Recommended,529180,34271619,Posted: 16 August,all,bamajoe2222,"Game has terrible lag on servers. Third person/side veiw that is pretty bad, needs first person when not riding. when riding a griffin very hard to look at another mobs stats. Pets and players getting stuck in terrian. Game only gives short off line time before someone claims all your stuff."
,Recommended,529180,34103795,Posted: 8 August,all,BjornSarui,Best game ever that even my pc cant handle it!!!!Mom get me 1080 ti with i7 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,529180,34456888,Posted: 24 August,all,Ankido,"As an early access game, I would say stay far and clear from this.  Only for the faint of heart should dive into what is an alpha disaster.  There are still hope for this.  As for me, I'm not an Ark fan.  This is ark with magic and dragons.  Time will tell.  My honest opinion, don't touch now."
,Not Recommended,529180,33681734,Posted: 20 July,all,Vodish,Really broken game.Low fps with a 980 on low settings.Bugs everywhere.Can't even do the starting quests because not enough rocks to break anywhere.Don't buy it. Waste of money.
76561198047320100,Not Recommended,529180,33686769,Posted: 20 July,all,Alamar,Game is completely unplayable and load screens are like 15 mins and FPS drops Its just a terrible release they should of taken the time needed Play Citadel forged with fire save your money until the 26th.
76561197961586689,Not Recommended,529180,33689715,Posted: 20 July,all,Fallanx,"Very bad on all level, videos does not reflect the actual game -"
,Recommended,529180,33716846,Posted: 22 July,all,BangBoss_™,"where is indonesia community?this game very fun., lol"
76561198019741705,Recommended,529180,33720057,Posted: 22 July,all,Rzeal,"Logged in thinking it would be an ok game, went outside to see one dwarf running while another dwarf was shooting fireballs at him for laughs. 10/10"
76561197989728689,Recommended,529180,34019156,Posted: 4 August,all,[SA] ☣☠Bärsverker☠☣,"Long review, long story short: I like this game, I'd think you should wait to buy it if you don't like bugs. The game got potential, but if you don't like game breaking bugs don't buy now, wait for release or a few patches.What I think about this game after trying Single player and MP is the following:Now the long review:SP:They give you loads of options to mess around with, you can basically make yourself unkillable and get alot of materials and make taming easy af.You can boost your XP so you lvl up fast, and boost your Dehydration and Hunger meter so you never get hungry/thirsty.So I love that you can modify the game so much.The SinglePlayer I really enjoyed alot to be completely honest with you.There are some bugs that'll make you want to eat your keyboard.But still, it's early access.MP:Basically, it's really buggy.You can't melee kill any mobs, you need to get a ranged weapon asap.But the devs are working to fix that.Also, players killed all the NPC's in every city....So, no NPC's are available in MP.But, still it's fun to play with other players, join a ""house"" (Tribe).Anyhow, let's go to the Cons and Pros.Pros so far:Dragons, fkn dragons man.The Enviroment is absolutely beautiful.Singleplayer mode is entertaining to play.Multiplayer is fun, but needs a little fix me up.The freedom of taming whatever you want.The Spells also! I love them, but recommend that they add more for maximum entertainment.The character creation gives you alot of options.The Devs are active and are updating the game on a regular basis.Cons:Game breaking bugs atm, but I don't see that as a problem. This is for people that can't handle EA bugs.The Multiplayer servers have no NPC's... So some quests can't be completed..Also the Multiplayer, you can't basically gather mats from mobs in an easy way because of the lag... so you need to face the animal in a perfect angle to actually get something from it.Melee kills in MP is outmost impossible.The NPC's doesn't seem to have any respawn times.The information on the SP with the options is a little hard to understand in the beginning.The crafting system doesn't provide enough information for you to understand what you need to craft the item you want to craft or how to acquire the materials. Good thing the community is helpful though!Summary:I see alot of potential in this game, but don't get this game if you don't like bugs that'll make you flip your table upside down.I suggest you wait until some patches, but if you're up for the challenge, go get it sonny!That is all for me, hope this review answered some of your questions about this game.Thank you.-Barsverker"
,Not Recommended,529180,34025501,Posted: 4 August,all,UnmarkedFaith,"Beautiful game.  Sucks that npcs are ALWAYS DEAD!  Cities need more life!  When there are npcs they stand idle. Also the lvl 94 mobs outside starting cities is a real downer.  Nothing like being level 8 and getting destroyed by a wolf right outside town.This game has high potential,  they just need to focus on some core game play still.  Combat is sluggish,  tons of lag,  but overall having fun.  But if I am to be honest, I recommend WAITING till the game ships.  Gonna have to say no to a recommendation.  Lets see how the patch cycles work and how fast some of these core things get fixed."
,Not Recommended,529180,33683039,Posted: 20 July,all,attackhelicopter,Couldn't choose my faction and create a character...
,Not Recommended,529180,33687775,Posted: 20 July,all,LiquidShadowfox,"So I've played the game for a bit and I can see the appeal BUT honestly the game has a few problems.1. The game is poorly optimized: My laptop with nvidia 1070 can't handle it unless I lower the resolution scale and then everything doesn't look as sharp as I would like (Early access game problems)2. This game doesn't really warrant a stand alone release: This game could EASILY be released as a paid DLC on ark with new creatures as assets along with the spells, level up systems and quests and STILL sell like crazy.3. Graphics: Most of the fancy graphic effects in the game look REALLY bad even with everything maxed out (understandbly it IS early access)4. The camera perspective: Locked to third person which I think is a mistake, should be more like ark where you can choose between the 25. Skill system: Level up system isn't as robust as it is in ark6. Quests: Quests aren't as good or as interactive as a lot of MMORPG games out there for PC and I don't see why you'd settle for something between a good MMORPG or a good sandbox like Ark survival evolved.7. The grind:  honestly it looks like an even bigger grind than Ark just to get to the level of riding a dragonThere are SOME good things1. The concept is really cool2. I like the magic effects that they tried to implement into the game.3. Unique creaturesHonestly I think if some content creators in ark got together, they can make an entire ARK remake mod that would probably be better than this game in many regards, such as A) Ark is better optimized now B) Ark has a MOD system so that community can contribute and make their OWN fantasy game like the skyrim community or fallout has with their mods C) Keep the player base in 1 game! why make an entirely different game with the same game engine just different assets and restrictions when you can just purchase ark and possibly load the total conversion mod as I explained above!I think ARK survival evolved is a way better game right now to invest in despite the higher price (wait for a steam sale). I'm not saying I have played this game for a long time, but I will say the first impression has left much to be desired and I rather go back to playing ark than continue griding in this game."
76561198013201559,Not Recommended,529180,33690682,Posted: 21 July,all,Arieark,Do dont bother unless you have a high end pc. From what i saw its very early access and still abit of a mess. Maybe worth a look in a years time. Refunded.
76561198306009658,Not Recommended,529180,33691095,Posted: 21 July,all,colemacsf,"I had such high hopes for this game!!!! I've followed it for a few months and I was so excited. But honestly I was hugely let down. Why? I COULDNT EVEN PLAY THE GAME! THE GAME IS WAY TO SLOW AND LAGGY YO ACTUALLY BE PLAYED. If this problem could be eventually fixed that'd be great. I understand that it's an early access, but still it should be able to function at least!"
,Recommended,529180,33716444,Posted: 22 July,all,Onlyhope87,Conisdering all of the negative feedback its actually a good game just try it!
76561197964058179,Not Recommended,529180,33860390,Posted: 28 July,all,Night,"I have played both this game and Citadel. I refunded Citadel shortly after trying it out, that game has ""head bobbing"". In this one you can turn off head bobbing and motion sickness inducing camera shaking. This game has the same settings/options as in ARK. I mean the exact same settings. This game is very, very similar to ARK in fact, just that it is set in a fantasy world with magic. For me personally that is a good thing. It is made by the company who owns Wildcard so it is not stealing from that game, rather it is more like a continuation of the same game genre by the same game company. But that is also where I feel like I should give you a warning. If you played ARK and had issues with it being unoptimized and very buggy then this game will be the same. It is in a disastrous shape right now, almost unplayable. Actually it is unplayable, it just suits for testing purposes.Do not buy this game right now imo, unless you want to be a paying pre alpha tester. But in a year or two when it is more finished and playable then you can check back. The game runs very poorly (even though the graphics do not look that good) and unless you have a gtx1080 card you will not be able to see anything similar to those fancy screenshots or trailers. Actually, even with a NASA computer you are not going get any stable fps in this game. With a 970 card I am getting 30 fps at the most on low/medium settings.One last point is that the game currently has no ""first person view"". I do not know if it will be implemented later or not. So right now this a third person view game only."
76561198040524319,Not Recommended,529180,34001045,Posted: 3 August,all,RotnSoul,"This is just a warning to people out there, this game is not worth $30 right now. If you can get it on sale for maybe $15 you might give it a try but even for early access this game is brutal on the patience needed. From what I've seen this is a reboot of a failed game back from 2006. While I played that game upon release and now I've attempted this one early access, I have to wonder if it will fall as quickly as the earlier version.The game can take 5 mins or more to load into a server, and that is if you don't wait the 5 or 7 mins and then when you think it is going to load in you get a Video Card Crash? It tells you to make sure you have the latest graphix but that doesn't really matter cause Nivida will say you do and DnL will still crash.Before this game is worth 30 they need to fix the fact that this game is boarderline unplayable. Sad its to late for a refund because I was dealing with crashes for to long."
76561198081606493,Recommended,529180,34017667,Posted: 4 August,all,Grommbir,"Awesome game in SP and coop.Gameplay concepts are very well thought through and much more cleverly designed than in ARKGigasmic beautiful world that absolutely dwarfs everything elseRuns reasonably well on older computers (GTX 680 2GB, 16GB RAM, i7 3.4 GHz)Prize is absolutely reasonable9/10 thus far and i'm fairly sure it's gonna be a 10/10 when finished"
,Recommended,529180,34024474,Posted: 4 August,all,RhyRhyon,"I have had this game for 6 days and logged 60+ hours in it. I think this game has fantastic potential and for being a game that is in its second week of early access alpha there is going to be so much more this game will become and I am excited for it! There are bugs atm and the devs are working fast to fix them all. It is a great game! If you like ARK or Conan and also love Elves, Dwarves and Humans then this is the perfect mashup for you!"
76561197977899288,Not Recommended,529180,33681844,Posted: 20 July,all,Sigma,"cant grab anything, the lag is real this game shouldnt be EA im afraid to open the game to load in, spend 50% of the time on a loading screen just to get booted out... about to refund before i get over 2 hours."
,Not Recommended,529180,33686955,Posted: 20 July,all,[DDLU] Senjewni,"""Dark and Light has been in development for a few years""-Only 30% complete when using practically everything from Ark...ok..."
76561198166272062,Not Recommended,529180,34080893,Posted: 7 August,all,IMMADIE,Im kind of mixed on this game as I want to give it a good review but at the same time I cant as well its just like when ark first came out unplayable at times but here is my full review:Pros:Great PVP Potential I give it 10/10It takes a little amount of skill to aim and such and me and my brothers love running around killing each other and learning new skillsPlays Like ARK With Skill TreeI know I will get a major amount of backlash from people who are trying to seperate this game from ark (If you block ark on Family view you have to unlock your account to play this game also lol I did not and still have not put this game blocked in family view as my brothers want to play it I would like to see this fixed) but in my opinion it plays like stated above and by no means is that a bad thing I love ark. The Mystical Creatures (Dinosaurs) Behave just like many creatures in ark and some even closely resemble them(havent Tried taming yet as me and my brothers kill each other to much to get anything done will update soon but its probably the same method as ark). Also if anyone says well they have classes to seperate this game from ark I say that does nothing but effect where you start and if you have pointed ears or not as of yet none of the classes have a distinct advantage over the other also in ark you can basically make any of thes classes except the elves as the pointed ears.GraphicsVery Pretty if your computer can handle it not much else to say hereDaul QuickbarsThe biggest thing DNL has over ark and something I would like to see in ark the quickbars are great for seperating your farming and building from your pvp items!Skill TreeAlways nice to have something to work towards and they seem to be going in the right direction.NPC's (SOLO ONLY)Great to have something to interact with in game other than the dinosSomewhat Controller supportedgame has controller support but does not let you use the radial wheel with it. hope to see this improved in the future as i like kicking back and relaxing when farming or buildingCons:Loading ScreenDear Lord PLEASE give the option to disable that loading screen it is pretty but it gets 1 fps and seems to make my game take longer to load into a serverNPC(Multiplayer)Almost always extinct in servers as players kill them all lol maybe make npc's that you sell stuff to immortal? or put them in an area where NPC killing is disabled or make the gaurds better at their jobs xDOptimizationyes I know the game is in EA so I expect issues with this but it is still a reason and my main reason why I do not recommened this game yet at least not for the current price if the price was $15 then I would highly recommened people to buy itTutorialVery Shallow if I were not to come from ark id be lost at times. and with the npc's dead I cant complete it on multiplayer servers.UINice to look at but very clunky to use I would like to be able to double click to be able to craft an itemFall DamageI fell a short distance not even as tall as my caracter and died(and I am a dwarf)ClassesI am very dissapointed the classes dont have specific traits such as elves are more adept to magic or dwarfs cant learn magic etc etc but I assume they will implement this in the futureNo ModsWaitingBuildingCant build anywhere in multiplayer it seems as the play structures to close or the terrain is sloped etc♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ CharacterYour Character cannot walk over a pebble let alone a hill that maybe a little of an exhaduration but most of my time in this game has been in the falling animation as every slight hill pushes you backSome CreaturesI notice if you are really still the panther and a few other animals will run around you trying to attack you with little to no success. Also Creatures like the rock elemental and tree ent seem way to easy to kill.Gathering/talking to NPCsI have noticed when gathering and trying to talk to npcs you have to be at just the right angle or you cannot talk/gather.I know I have a very short amount of time playing the game but it is ark in a nutshell so deosnt take much to review it and when ark first came out I didnt recommened it to people till it went on sell for 12 dollars but it has improved by leaps and bounds since then and i highly recommened the game now and I fully expect this game to also do the same thing and I will change my review in the future. I would give this game a meh rating but steam only gives 2 options so I said no but if you are willing to put up with the bugs go for it it is fun and frustrating at the same time!
76561198256059318,Not Recommended,529180,34379895,Posted: 20 August,all,Jarl,"This game is extremely unoptimized. Single Player especially for whatever reason. I was getting 20-30 FPS in SP, however, in MP I was getting 50-60 FPS. But I refunded the game because I like my SP options. I may come back to it at a later date, but right now this game is an unoptimized mess.And FYI, my computer is a beast."
76561198080031953,Recommended,529180,34408999,Posted: 21 August,all,datdourshower,"Just building my house, a simple house.........Then this Grim Reaper Lookin♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥er comes out of nowhere and slice my♥♥♥♥♥♥to pieces with his ♥♥♥♥ing scythe doing spin attacks and♥♥♥♥♥♥20/17: would get ♥♥♥♥ed over again"
76561198040470194,Recommended,529180,34023191,Posted: 4 August,all,homeless-rapist,its a nice game looks good plays fun only a lot of grinding i would recomend it if you like to play a open world game with friends and now story line and all you want you can do its nice but i would buy it on a lower price if you like ark you like this but its just a bit laggy and stil in the beta mode i lost 2 chars do to serfers not getting my char back i refunded the game but i would like to buy it agen when its cheaper and further in development
,Not Recommended,529180,33954266,Posted: 1 August,all,BOT Freddy,"I haven't played the game much, around 30 minutes. However, I spent about 29 minutes just looking at the loading screens. It takes too much time to load. When I finally got into the actual game, performance was very poor. I am using a gtx 1070, i5-3570k (oced to 4.7 ghz) and 16 gb ram. I got 30 fps on avarage on high settings. This hardware is usually able to get stable 60 fps on high-ultra settings (except for No Man's Sky.)Content wise Dark and Light is very rich. I enjoyed my 1 minute of gameplay in town.9/10 IF the game was optimized better.4/10 until the game becomes playable."
,Recommended,529180,33955759,Posted: 1 August,all,cynner,"Despite some negative reviews, I bought Dark and Light anyway.  I am quite pleased with what I have seen so far.  It's not for the faint of heart if you're playing on official servers.  Lots of death, danger and grinding.  I also play Ark and have seen some folks with knotted panties complaining about a few similarities.  Yes, there are a few textures and sounds that are the same but there is a totally different feel to this game.  I love the magic element, the NPCs you can trade with and I'm glad I purchased it."
76561198066294696,Recommended,529180,33685252,Posted: 20 July,all,cemagaga,"To be honest I was excited about the release of this game, even though people keep saying its a copy from ark, and in a way it is. In the sense that you spawn and the first thing you must do is find a tree to beat to submission. Been playing a little, testing the boundaries of the game, mostly dying trying to prove my strength against random animals.I expected less of a game, I usually try to buy early releases a few updates down the line. But  Im a sucker for magic, so here I was camping the the buy button. I've been playing solo up to now, not expecting much from the servers on release date, but untill now I've been having fun. There isn't a lot of spells at the moment, each element having only a few to be practiced. You basicly have to grind to get them in the sense that to get a fireball, the second level on the fire magic branch, you need to either craft warming runes or to gather a lot of sulfur. Stuff like that is how you advance, mostly crafting low level things to get the advanced ones. Unlike the ""buy"" system that ark had. I've been having a lot of fun, and looking foward to get my first slav- pet."
,Recommended,529180,33847112,Posted: 27 July,all,WarTIME,"Game is good so far in my opinion. Yes, looks like ark, but wired differently. I am not much into the game,but the faction and skills aspect is interesting. Taming and shapeshifting."
,Recommended,529180,33692804,Posted: 21 July,all,Apoca,"It's got a ton of issues, no doubt. I went into the game expecting them (and worse) so I'm not negatively surprised about how the first day of the Early Access came out. Personally, I enjoy the features of the game. I like the Medieval Fantasy setting with magic and mythical creatures more than the sci-fi and Dinosaurs from Ark. I also really enjoy the factions and NPC cities. A game with Realm vs Realm vs Realm warfare is always a good time!Now, there are a ton of issues, like I said. This first hotfix *should* fix two of the most glaring issues: Mobs being incredibly hard to kill due to lag/combat related issues and gatherables not being very... gatherable due to server lag. This hotfix claims to fix both, so we'll see in about an hour.There's also some tweaks that needs to be made. The bed roll needs to be unlocked much sooner. Waiting until level 10 for it, with the current skill/leveling rates on the Official servers, is brutal. Most people fail to realize they need to interact with NPCs to unlock more buying options that include foods that will make it so they no longer need to worry about sleep. Of course, sleep is free... if you can get a bed. Speaking of, on the server I played there seemed to be a bug where buildings in the NPC town were not rentable - one of the features I was looking forward to the most. I was also hoping for rentable beds in the Inns - which seems to be planned, but not yet implemented. Hopefully the server reset and hotfix will change that.Base building is most definitely in the game and it's about what you would expect. It seems to be about the same as Ark, but could use more fleshing out which I guess will come with time. When combined with the House (guild) system, there is a very nice and powerful set of permissions. Using a House Seal makes anything within its range immune to raiding *unless* an opposing House decides to (literally) throw a war banner at your House. Within your House, you can set up multiple permission groups (aka Ranks) and fine-tune what they can and cannot do within your protected House areas. You can also set up alliances - which can be named! a nice fluff feature - with other Houses.Then there's the NPCs. They mostly act as places to buy very basic goods and sell stuff for Gold Coins... on the surface. When you dig into it, they're a bit more advanced than that. Hopefully they'll continue to flesh them out. Most people don't realize you can Donate to the NPCs to unlock more advanced items, reduce prices, and have the vendor hold more of items. You're supposed to work with the rest of your faction to 'level up' the vendors via donations, but I haven't seen much of that yet. If you decide to play, join Knight 2 in the human faction as I've unlocked a fair amount by donating a lot of money to the Tavern Wench. With a small amount of gold you should never fear running out of focus or spiced meat because of my hard work. Do your part!And speaking of working together with your faction, the Lord system is interesting. I've yet to see it in use but I've gleamed some information by looking at the billboard found outside taverns. If you reach level 20 and are the leader of a House, you are eligible to sign-up for the Lord vote. Once you sign up, other players can vote for you via the billboard. I guess if you get the most votes (not sure what the timeframe is...) you are given the Lord title. As Lord you get access to the castle, which appears to have some form of housing surrounding it? Not sure if or how it works, though. You can set up the rules/laws of the land, but how far those rules reach I don't know. Could be they only have any sort of effect within the city walls.One thing I noticed during a tooltip in a loading screen is that you should be able to achieve higher ranks within your faction by contributing. I'm guessing the only real way to contribute right now is via donating, but so far I haven't unlocked anything to my knowledge. This brings up one of my biggest gripes about the game: Lack fo documentation. I have no idea what anything does or how to do anything, except what I've learned through little bits and pieces I've gathered from other players, or what I learn via trial and error. There needs to be a better, more in-depth tutorial or some sort of in-depth out-of-game documentation to help us figure things out.So, do I suggest the game? Yes. So long as you meet three criteria: You liked the gameplay of Ark: Survival Evolved, Medieval Fantasy interests you, and you can comprehend what you might run into while playing an Early Access game."
76561198000387352,Recommended,529180,33693100,Posted: 21 July,all,bill_r00,I've enjoyed myself .. 1400+ hrs on Ark .. this is not an ark clone .. this is a survival game . so of course there will be similarities .. but your character progresses in a different manner and the game is not as buggy as Ark was when it released by any meansI've spent 25 bucks on far worse gambles concerning games .. this one was well spent .. I am looking forward to more .
76561198008878179,Recommended,529180,33820161,Posted: 26 July,all,Dread Lord,even though its still early access its already a total gem of a game!for competitive players that love full loot pvp its probably the best sandbox open world pvp fantasy rpg since Ultima Online!I am absolutely loving it and cant wait to see what it will play like thwen we have the full map with 1000 players!!Its a bargain and plays very fluid since day one! Never had an  early access or multiplayer launch that smooth... with a 1080 I have 55 - 70 fps with Epic settings @ 1080pFantastic game!
76561198022624903,Recommended,529180,34080516,Posted: 7 August,all,LOKI THE NORSE GOD,AFTER YOUR UPDATE I CAN NO LONGER GET ON IT SAYS LOADING AND NOW WHEN IM ABOUT TO JOIN THE GAME THE MAIN MENU COMES UP I HAVE TRYED THIS 9 TIMES AND STILL THE SAME BEFORE THE UPDATE I HAD NO PROB NOW ITS A ISSUE PLZ FIX
76561198009072033,Recommended,529180,34107601,Posted: 8 August,all,tehmask,All n all a very good game.
76561198013901792,Recommended,529180,34303139,Posted: 17 August,all,Vallhart,"Dark and Light is a refeshing revamp of all the things that made Ark great!The aspect of the game that rises above ark is your character development. Being able to choose sword&board or magic adds a depth unseen In other games. I find myself forgetting to eat and not sure what day it is, all signs of a great game in the making. I have vary few issues with the game on my GTX Titan but my Gf had to use Nvidia Expierence presets to get the game to run smooth on her older card. This game already payed it self off and I hate to say it but if they made payed content I would rush to buy it.I just hope you have a good PC..."
76561198014846705,Not Recommended,529180,33816680,Posted: 26 July,all,Ravenx35,"Honestly buggy. Day 1 roll backs that cause whole bases and progess to go bye bye. Quest system doesn't work, Constant killing of NPC's so you can't trade in your own captial city. Stone Tire Base raidedable due to item imbalances already in the game. Turrets that dont work offline!. House seal that doesn't work 75hrs in lost 12 pets to offline killers / griefers. Lost first base to Ghost Scyth item being so over power early game can destory all wood or thatch structures. etc etc. Overall not a bad game but god it needs serious work. Better optimzed than Ark is about it."
76561198007956840,Recommended,529180,33818113,Posted: 26 July,all,shay_gman,"Dark and Light:""I bet you absolutely can't make a worse fantasy survival game then me... ""Citadel: Forged With Fire:""Hold my beer""10/10 will recommend to refund Citadel before this."
,Recommended,529180,33824961,Posted: 26 July,all,Mordac,"Righto then. time for a review.Bear in mind that I am writing this review very early in it's release.  I will olso not be overly verbose, going to keep it fairly short.Dark and light in it's new iteration is basically just like ark.  (Yes I know the original existed before ark, but this is not that dark and light.) Now it being just like ark it has allot of the same bugs and issues that ark had and sometimes still has.  So if you have no patientce for early access games, rather wait a while.  That having been said:The game is fantastic.  The way they implement the magic and skill use is very much hearkening back to it's mmorpg roots, which makes for a very fun change.  It can be a bit limiting if you consider that in ark you had blueprints nad could pretty much do most things from the start.  Here not so much.  But the gameplay variation spells and the various combat systems adds keep the game fresh for much longer than ark.The taming system also feel much more dynamic that it did in ark, even though it's, at heart, pretty much the same.  A significant change from ARK is the presance of NPC's and NPC towns.  For now fairly basic but hopefully they will expand it in the future.  That makes the game feel far less empty than ARK.Patches and fixes are fairly frequent so far which bodes well for it's continued developement.All in all I can heartilly recomend the game to people who like ARK style games and also MMORPG's."
,Recommended,529180,34316216,Posted: 17 August,all,SazanOFF,Good game. Please add controller support)
76561198036468563,Recommended,529180,34309123,Posted: 17 August,all,Fennec,"I solely played this game in a group of friends, and we have had a lot of fun with it. The sync issues have not yet been resolved. I am running a 1070 and don't notice the issues as badly as my friends, but the game is functional. There have been patches to address the problem and the developer seems very active. I would recommend this with the caveat that it is an unfinished product. The foundation of the game is very enjoyable, however, with a High Fantasy setting and gorgeous visuals."
,Recommended,529180,34727999,Posted: 3 September,all,Nate,"Please fix the bloody platform on second station of the Dragon Bus, departing from human sideThe freaking platform comes through the freaking bus carriage and knocks the player off the freaking platform into insta kill"
,Not Recommended,529180,34285713,Posted: 16 August,all,Hivewasp,Ok... I played Ark and had hopes for this one.  I know it's early access and that optimization is far from a priority but this is ridiculous; fps jumping from 10 to 30 something on an i7+GTX 1060 ?  freezes for 2 seconds when you turn around?   and creating the first character... no character in the interface until I went back to the menu to start again.    Maybe in a year; but I'll keep my doubts until then.
,Recommended,529180,34281225,Posted: 16 August,all,Frylockxxx,Great ♥♥♥♥ing game blown away best spell system I have ever seen in a game I mean same problems as ark and to all the people that say it's a copy the lead dev of ark quit to dev this
76561198092182539,Not Recommended,529180,34757454,Posted: 5 September,all,Benhanoo,Was just about unplayable for me and extremely buggy. I haven't really run into anything I can't play on my PC. May pick it up again if it ever fixes it's optimisation. It is a very very pretty game with some well done models and progression system.
76561198066866776,Not Recommended,529180,34098549,Posted: 8 August,all,RockyFistsCats,The 90 min 10 fps loading screen is getting on my man b00bs.
76561198039421443,Recommended,529180,33710637,Posted: 21 July,all,Solguard,"I'm going to post this too help out with all you little kids that don't seem to know what early access means and to help cull the negativity around this game.1. Yes!!! it is like ark, for the simple fact that it's made by the company that bought/helped out wildcard.2. Early Access = bugs, crashes, glitches, weird random things happening, especially since it's only been out for 24 hours. If you don't want to deal with that, THEN STOP BUYING EARLY ACCESS GAMES YOU IDIOTS!!!!!3. Right now servers are a grind. They don't have private servers yet so my suggestion is to play singleplayer so you can modify the settings to your liking so you can experience the game.4. I have been playing the singleplayer portion of the game and can honestly say it's very good aside from a few bugs. It has run smooth, i adjusted the settings for taming and hunger and am thoroughly enjoying it.5. In only 24 hours they have already rolled out multiple updates to alleviate some of the issues. (Good job devs, that shows dedication. Keep up the good work)Ok this one is for the devs directly. As a word of advice, don't release a paid dlc before the game is out of early access or even half finished"
76561198031276975,Recommended,529180,33763679,Posted: 24 July,all,Buckly,"Loving this, very buggy at the moment but it is still early in development and a lot off potential. Still a bit of a grind but you can still enjoy the game at your own pace."
76561198159884113,Recommended,529180,33765205,Posted: 24 July,all,Poods,"Not big on writing reviews normally, but this game I felt needed one.  We are running a dedicated server with a few friends currently just learning to play the game.  This game started slow and disappointing in the first 30 minutes to an hour.  3 hours later as you start to see things come together and the potential it has.  This game is definitely worth the early access price tag and the Devs seem to be really on top of bug fixes.."
76561198043115696,Recommended,529180,33767568,Posted: 24 July,all,Dragonite_Z,"So, I was really high, when I first entered this game. Spent what seemed to be HOURS creating the human character. Finally entered the world...I've found myself on some kind of a town square. Corpses of other players everywhere. Campfire is burning nearby. Grabed a nearby corpse and throwed it to fire. Found this really funny, and decided to clean up the town square a little by collecting corpses and burning them. Other players found it to be funny too, and helped me. So there we were, bunch of players carrying corpses around the square and throwing them into the fire.11/10, I thought I would die from laughter..."
76561198286082892,Recommended,529180,33772995,Posted: 24 July,all,MrPervasaurus,Before people bash this game you need to realize it is a early acces game that has only been out for a few days !!!! its a great game ! sure it needs work but stay playing and it can only get better.
76561198065726189,Recommended,529180,33763240,Posted: 24 July,all,Valegor,"While the game looks and feels like a reskinned Ark clone, it is different enough to stand on its own two feet.Dark and Light has a lot of potential and I am excited to see how they branch away from Ark even further.The game as it stands, has some bugs. But that is expected of an Early Access at roughly 30% completion.A lot of optimisation needs to be done as well.Things I do like though is the skill system, the magic (spells and runes) and the mounts.The ""House"" management system and levels of access are well done too.Plenty of small things, that they just do right."
76561198059074781,Recommended,529180,33763568,Posted: 24 July,all,KingArneTheThird,"its a good game.its fun if you get further in the game, just enjoy it"
76561197960348789,Recommended,529180,33772783,Posted: 24 July,all,Renarrd,"Very nice game.Some issues, but active devs with fast patches.Insane potential with the game world. Character advancement is the best I've ever seen in a survival MMO."
76561198002228783,Recommended,529180,33764567,Posted: 24 July,all,Pphammer,gg
,Recommended,529180,33772889,Posted: 24 July,all,KrosserytBG,"The game is awesome, it is looking amazing, althought there are still many things to fix: balancing, even the beastary has punktual misstakes. However this game has insane amount of potential and is going to be amazing in an year or two! :)"
,Recommended,529180,33773357,Posted: 24 July,all,Notasavior,"It seems like it'd be really cool but I couldn't make it past the character customization screen so I requested a refund. I'll probably pick it up at a later date, but right now when I have an i7 quad-core with a 980 and my rig can't get me to the actual game? Nah man, I'll wait."
76561198078880743,Recommended,529180,33765685,Posted: 24 July,all,Satan,"Very buggy, but the framework is there for an amazing game. I hope this can turn out to be something awesome."
76561198019620989,Recommended,529180,33763383,Posted: 24 July,all,dudemar,"Best element of survival games combined with an MMORPG, this game is in an early stage but already so far! I enjoy playing."
76561198295567610,Recommended,529180,33743935,Posted: 23 July,all,Hoodieboy,"This game is like combine ark and lord of the ring, good game"
,Not Recommended,529180,34648463,Posted: 31 August,all,tony_hug,"mostly positive - one major gripelove the gameits challenging  you really will get to hate goblins(oh and panthers)so the challenge has offset minor gripes(mainly largscale land claiming by players near cities with single blocks.)graphics gorgeousrelative character and creature sizes goodgood camera followinggame response not paticullaly well optimised yet..However what is killing it for me is th developers insistenceon a 72 hour house decay - i know its alpha play, however asa single player it becomes impossible to progress  in a survival gamewhen the things you build up to help you survive get destroyed if youmiss the login deadline and the game ends up pretty much a wood choppingsimulator punctuated by being cornered and beat up by the goblins that havesneaked up on you to steal all your clothing.Lack of a map is also an issue to me -- makes the game seem huge(i have no sense of direction) so i can understand why one is not implementedyet - however again exploration always ends in death for me  due to getting lostwhich could be mitigated with base and respawn point building, again the 72 hourrule prevents this.since havent completed one base w/o it being wiped yet.if they sort that gripe out - its definitely worth a look"
76561197972199947,Recommended,529180,33687085,Posted: 20 July,all,Cacolaco,"Sure, this has a lot of bugs right now, but I really like the track that they are on with this one. If you're expecting a finished product, this isn't it yet. Go play ARK, or Rust if you want a more polished, feature complete game.If you want to support a fantasy survival game, and are willing to help them work through the testing process, this is probably just where you want to be. I, for one, would love to help them achieve their goals, because this could be really good when it's done."
76561198045939884,Recommended,529180,34122749,Posted: 9 August,all,Workinhard,"It will be a great game, 50+ hours in and still enjoying it. yes it has problems but thay will get fixed.  its still in Alpha...if you dont want to deal with♥♥♥♥♥♥head players play the game in single player mode."
76561198051443852,Recommended,529180,33993385,Posted: 3 August,all,Void-Counselor,"At the beginning of it's release in early acces,  the game was clearly having some lag / coding / bugs to fix.Recently some nice updates have been released and improved game-play ten fold.It's a good, adventurous and enjoyable game to play, especially with friends.Loads of mythical creatures, and loads of tame-able creatures.The game looks beautiful.I would recommend this game to everyone who likes a vast open fantasy world with loads of freedom and possibilities.I'm giving this game a 9,0 / 10,00"
,Recommended,529180,33983446,Posted: 2 August,all,Ernest,This game have alot of potential. Currently just need to optimize the game client and it will be good.  Please release to next patch asap :D
76561198080061075,Not Recommended,529180,34070097,Posted: 6 August,all,BikeShopGuru,"This Game should not have been pre released. 15 years since its first day of development, many changes and a release that went bad in its home country of China. This is a waste of your gaming time and until they get their act together i say no. I am still waiting for my refund."
76561198050857758,Not Recommended,529180,34068890,Posted: 6 August,all,BentGiraffe69,"I could not even get this game to start. I think out of all my play time I got the game to start once and when it finally loaded, i got to play for 5 minutes before crashing to my desktop. Technical issues aside (even though that isa their biggest problem right now) it is a decent game (from what ive played), however i cannot recomend a broken game that refuses to launch."
,Not Recommended,529180,34067993,Posted: 6 August,all,[BLG] Dusty Bandito,3 Stars - fix the lag guys or drop teh pop limits on the servers.The official servers lag badly once they hit max population.  Farming trees for hours to get no resources.Animals get glitched in the airright clicking your weapon is very wired and lags you aroundIf the lag was solved i'd say 4 stars
76561198081334137,Not Recommended,529180,33891526,Posted: 29 July,all,ali,"Mixed feelings.Crafting system and resource management is pretty average. Inventory space is a HUGE issue from level 1 throughout the game. Want to build a wall out of stone? Uses 50 rock, 20 iron bars, 30 wood and rare materials. Each with a weight of 0.5-1 unit, you can only carry 400 units if you max it out by lvl 20. Feels bad.Food system.... GOOD! actually one of the better working features.Eat a bunch of blueberries.... +10 hunger replenish. Eat a well prepared piece of meat.... +20. Cook that meat in commonly available spices.... +40. Actually seems viable. Small fix would be that the 'perish' timer on alot of items feels too short.Warmth system seems completely futile. Armor is everything. +20 warmth for 30 armor vs 0 warmth with 31 armor. you take the 31 armor every time.Combat system vs the monsters in the world is largly balanced. However there are certain types of monsters that will just kill you regardless of level. You see a panther on your screen? RUN!!!! they move 3x faster than you and have a push back that if you collide with terrain (which you will) stuns you for longer than the cd on their charge... you can see where this is going.UNMOUNTED PVP- just not up to par, 2 players of even mediocre skill will NEVER kill each other. So long as you constantly move you can never be caught or hit with projectiles/spels/bows. Your opponant is using mele weps? just back away from them? they will never catch you.MOUNTED PVP - B R O K E N! Do you enjoy being a level 50 with fully decked out inventory, spells and equipment with lots of experiance playing the game being killed by a level 12 just because they are mounted? Good! 'cos this will happen ALOT. Step 1. train a flying mount    Step 2. find an enemy regardless of level    Step 3. grab them with the mount and fly into space and release, they die from fall damage. NOTHING YOU CAN DO. they move at +500% movespeed while mounted and can fly through trees/obstacles, so you can't run.... clearly balanced.At the time of writing this 29/07/2017 there are ZERO non-private pve servers. so global pvp is a thing that will happen and there is nothing you can do.End game.... There isn't any currently :(     Which is sadly this game's biggest let down. once your character can tame beasts (approx level 15). There is little else to discover in the game. Sure you can build a house out of straw, then wood then stone then metals etc and make it look like an elf /dwarf/ human. But that gets dry very quickly. There is no group content, even invading capital cities can be done from level 15 against level 110 guards, you kill them so easily with ANY ranged weapon it's a joke.TLDR:If this game is on sale for 40% or more off, and you want a game that you will essentially complete in about 10 hours of play time, go for it, plays smoothly and is really pretty. Most of the load time errors have been corrected which was the main downside to early forms of the game. Will definitely give this a revisit once more content is added or fixed, but as it stands give it a miss and wait."
76561198039442198,Not Recommended,529180,34180193,Posted: 11 August,all,zXaV93RoXz,Finish download game and then when i trying to play it took me 20 minute stay on loading screen and then the actualy loading screen appear 10 more minute to wait ...... after took me 35 minute to actualy get in to the game it give me not stable fps not even can maintain 30 fps epic just epic i know this game is early access game but to give such crap game i can't even play more then 5 minute because of the terrible fps ....SOO ANYONE CONSIDER BUYING THIS PLEASE NOTE THAT DON'T BUY IT ! UNLESS YOU HAVE VERY HIGH SPEC LIKE GTX 1080 TI THREE OF THEM THEN YOU CAN BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP.
76561198069100958,Not Recommended,529180,34043713,Posted: 5 August,all,Drkabooke,"I know this is early access. I know there are bugs, not just bugs but an infestation of bugs so my review is not about the current techincal state of the game it is about the game itself. In a word LAME! I have never disliked a game so badly that I wanted to write a review to warn others to not waste their $30.COMBAT: The combat is the worst,  the way your character moves and punchs or swings a weapon is painful to watch. I can honestly say of playing hundreds of games in my life time this combat system is the least fun I have ever had.GATHERING/BUILDING: Just horrible. You walk around punching random crap to get crafting materials but you really can't build anything cool. The buildings look like crap. The actual crafting just happens in your inventory and there are lame pre-requistes to build things. The flow doesn't make sense and leaves you frustrated and wishing you had more direction on the purpose of building. I kept wanting to build a base, have things that I need like a forge or lumber mill. I was hoping that the structures would have some purpose other than just a visual turd on your screen.WORLD/MOBS/NPCs: I was sitting in the main spawning area trying to make sense of the skill points and the crafting when all the sudden I was just dead. I think some goblin killed me. I literally hadn't even walked more that a few yards from the starting point! The envoirnement is very stale and interacting with anything is painful and boring.LEVELING/SKILLS: I have played many games that get this right. This game does not. The skill points come too easy, they don't make sense on a character type it is like just having this a part of the game just to say that it is somehow a character progression feature. Horrible.STORY/LORE: I just don't know what to say here other than I don't think there is any at all. If there is it was so horribly disintersting that I wasn't even aware of it.SUMMARY: Don't waste your time or money. I don't see this game getting better the sturture just isn't there not to say anything about the worst working condition for any early access I have ever played with all the horrible glitches the game presently has."
,Recommended,529180,33950743,Posted: 1 August,all,Morpheus - FairPlay,"While the game is fun its extremely frustrating when it doesn't work. The devs specifically said they will do everything they can to listen to the community however the community has requested changes multiple times. They have been ignored. Do not expect the community's wishes to be granted.There is no first person view. The community wants this, The devs have ignored the requestThe melee combat is god awful, Desync, cant aim the way you want. Just rubbish.Animals get stuck ALL of the time. Its one of the worst problems.Your body has around a 80% chance to fall through the world when you die. Ultimately making the game hardcore.Very small amount of content which can be completed in about 1 week by yourself or 2-3 days with some skilled friends.Devs had made nerfs to different types of abilities which nearly made them trash.Updates when made get rolled back causing major server issues. Progress of days usually lost in seconds because they have no QA.Items in the game have issues and dont work properly,visuals of armor are completely trash.Leveling skills in the game is extremely glitchy, Sometimes when you reach required level you still dont earn the skill associated with the level gain.Game has memory leak which results in over 50GB of ram eaten up sometimes. 35GB of ram eaten at the time of this post.http://i.imgur.com/VvlZyNT.pngThese are just some of the issues this game has that makes it extremely game breaking. As long as you can handle dealing with bugs and understand the game is EA. You might still have some fun. At the games current pace Its going to be a LONG time before this game is actually playable.It seems as there only 3-5 devs working on the whole game..."
76561198071896897,Recommended,529180,34059565,Posted: 6 August,all,▲|Davemont,This is what I can say about this game....First off for now I give it a thumbs up... BUT it will need some work.The amount of content and potential for adventure/ exploration is intense.  But half the content at the moment is broken. I like Citadel MUCH better then this game atm but that is just personal preference.  Citadel with all its trouble starting out got its act together and this game players are still waitng for that big update.  I wish it would come already!  But have patience.  This game has potential to be the next big thing.  Compare this game to ark (obviously) and Citadel to Rust.  This game is much deeper and has more potential to sink 1000's of hours into.  Citadel is more fun and light but has much more amazing gameplay.I like them both.  And I cant wait to see this game get some nice solid updates under its belt.
,Recommended,529180,33691006,Posted: 21 July,all,Vera,"Coming from over 1700 hours on Ark, this game feels like a breath of fresh air from the staleness of Ark. The similarities aren't that egregious, its really just similar resources (wood, twine, straw to arks wood, fiber, thatch) and the same design concept of a survival game with tameable beasts. The major difference is in DNL you have NPCs with prebuilt towns, magic, and an actual skill type system.In Ark, when you level up you get 1 skill point to spend in 1 of several stats, and then a number of ""engram"" points which are used to purchase plans to build everything in the game.In DNL, when you level up you get 2 skill points, one for Health/Attack/Mana/Constitution, and then one for Stamina/Weight/etc (can't remember the last 2 off the top of my head). Plus the crafting tree is learned by doing, not by banking points. To learn how to make melee weapons you craft ones you already know, or you go out and harvest stone and that helps learn the next rank of melee weapons. There are numerous categories that are gated behind character level and then the crafting skill level. It's an interesting system that sort of borrows from 7 Days to Die in a way. I really enjoy it.Now, the bad part is when I first logged on I tried to play online on one of the official servers. They only offered PVP servers, and I picked one that at the menu said was 0/70 with low latency for me (40ms). I load in and there are people everywhere (clearly not 0/70) and there was a 2-10 second delay from trying to gather a bush to actually getting the berries or whatever. It was bad. I tried this for about 30 minutes and gave up. A few hours later I came back and made a single player game and I got sucked in.As far as performance goes, it was about as I expected from the first iteration of an early access title. On all epic settings I see about 30 fps pretty consistently with occasional drops to 25 on my rig (see below). A lengthy load in, even being on an SSD, but no load screens after that initial load. I expect over the course of early access there to be graphical improvements as well as performace optimization.Rig:i7-6700k 4.4ghz16gb RAM @ 2.4ghzEVGA GeForce 1070 8GB500gb Samsung EVO SSD2560x1440 gsync monitorIn the end, I planned to only spend about 2 hours on this and then wait and see what Citadel offers next week, but ended up going for 10 hours on the first day. No regrets."
76561198009511022,Recommended,529180,33777341,Posted: 24 July,all,Fishy,Great game fun to play alot like ark with a lord of the rings  feel to it
76561198029308126,Recommended,529180,33776659,Posted: 24 July,all,Nimdiphius,"Haven't played many hours yet, and while it is definitely an early access game I have enjoyed what I have played and think it has a lot of potential to become better. If you are happy to play a game that is only 30% complete I highly recommend you get it, otherwise wait until it is closer to completion if you don't like games that are still in development. I appreciate that the devs know about some of the issues and are working to get them sorted"
76561198065397120,Recommended,529180,33776441,Posted: 24 July,all,Church,I don't understand all the bad reviews. It's a fun game and really shouldn't be compaired to ark. It is early access so there are still bugs but not nearly as bad as other EA games and still very playable. There is a lot of content and a lot of stuff you can do in the game even though it's not close to finished. The map is pretty big with a lot to explore. There are also events that happen that are a lot of fun mostly doing it with a group. Basically a horde attack.It's not about 100% Pvp like a lot of games are. I feel it's more or less well balanced.
,Recommended,529180,34229832,Posted: 13 August,all,rostendorf84,DnL has lots of potential. I don't mind the bugs and problems because it's still early access. Anxiously waiting for new mechnaics and content!
,Recommended,529180,34271891,Posted: 16 August,all,Rockheart,"If you're looking for a fully polished experience, this isn't for you right now. But then it's Early Access, so what do you expect?It had a smoother launch than Ark, the game most people (rightly) compare it to, and patches have been pretty steady so far with bug fixes and optimisations. If they continue pushing updates at this pace it'll be a worthy contender in the survival game genre in a year or so.As far as content goes, at just over 100 hours I feel I've seen all it has to offer for now (and most of my time was spent building large bases, so expect less playtime for the average player). That said, I'll keep a keen eye on DnL's progress, and if it receives anywhere near as much content as Ark did in its montly updates, I'll be very happy to revisit this in the future."
76561198374196094,Not Recommended,529180,33939339,Posted: 31 July,all,e.barragan390,way to unstable and  basically unplayable. I dont know if its all the repeated crashing or may be just the infinate loading screens that make you think something is happening. I dont know and I dont care but this bad boy is bad adn not in a good way . BUY is if its outrageously cheap bc with some minor fixes to the game and some stability isuues reworked this game has some definate potential but for now its just a grab for money now that ark is out of developement. The parent company must need some cash flow and so they reworked the progresion system a bit its awkqard to say the least and instead of dinos add some mystical and mythical heck they even threw in some goblins. Game has potential but for now its an unpolished turd adn you should stay away from it. I have a decent computer.
76561197985388233,Not Recommended,529180,34514744,Posted: 26 August,all,Winterborn,"Until it's optimized, and load times reduced, I can't really recommend this game. I've got less than 30min in game time. the other 2hrs are due to loads and server crash reloads."
76561197985772141,Not Recommended,529180,34516910,Posted: 26 August,all,Avastar,"can't recommend this until they fix the falling deaths clipping through the ground.i lost all of my epic gear, twice, near my home due to falling through the ground into the under-ocean."
,Recommended,529180,33806238,Posted: 26 July,all,Goliathus85,I want to love the game I want to play but being farmed for kills constantly npcs always dead  by and because of  asian players on a us servers that i can't defend against because they are just glitching around. the game becomes no longer fun. game needs region blocking.
76561198032767908,Recommended,529180,33805996,Posted: 26 July,all,Lil Windex,"I'll start this by saying this is a ""pending"" review - give the game time to develop and if it adds content at the speed of Ark - it'll be one of the best survivals ever made without a doubt.TL;DR before I write a novel - ""Ark Clone LOL"" - anyone who says that is an actual idiot.  Snail Games bought WildCard (the devs of ark) and used their devkit to build the game.  Of course it's like Ark.  It is VERY similar to Ark - but it is worlds ahead of Ark in terms of performance, world size, content (if we compare it to Ark LAUNCH not Ark today which has lasers and♥♥♥♥♥♥what were you thinking man what the heck)There are bugs.  None of the bugs in this game make it unplayable - ive put at least 10 or so hours in on 2 separate PCs.  Loading screen takes like 40 seconds TOPS on ssd for me.Play unofficial, do yourself a favor - learn from the mistakes we all made in Ark and just start on a custom server.  Resource delays make harvesting on official a chore.  I play on Dauntless 5x unofficial, good community but just one very active admin who's not anal - very few rules so it's as close to the real experience.I give it a ""YES"" that'll change to a quick ""kill yourself"" if the devs dont add regular (pref monthly+) content and optimization patches."
,Recommended,529180,33807034,Posted: 26 July,all,Smile or Die,Buggy but it's less then a week old as of this review (I think) and still in early access so all the minor bugs and features that were half put in ate to be expected.  I'm not quite ready to give up ark for this game but I will be jumping between them for my survival tanning thrills
,Recommended,529180,34146682,Posted: 10 August,all,Malero,"This game is very buggy, but it's still a ton of fun!"
,Not Recommended,529180,33681823,Posted: 20 July,all,Xexzy,trash. developers think if they copy somethings in every successful game that similar to their game style they would create a good game. this game has too much optimization problems even though they had a huge time to develope the old game  like 5-6 years but they have failed. nevermind good luck to developers and have mercy for this game's fans
,Not Recommended,529180,33683325,Posted: 20 July,all,Just Horse,1) Bad optimisationYou'll have like 15-20 fps and sometimes it will drop to 2-5 fps.2) Bad gameplayIt does not feel like this is survival! It's mostly a hold left button simulator! Slow craft! Boring skill tree!3) ARK Rip offWell for Ark players it looks like MOD!REFUND!
76561198008630394,Recommended,529180,34090394,Posted: 7 August,all,ironroxz,i love this game even tho its has alot of bugs i would recommend it
76561198007958678,Recommended,529180,33729487,Posted: 22 July,all,Foamslinger,"It is Ark, but it with A REALLY GOOD MOD.Such a good mod that its better than Ark.And after a few hours you will forget you are playing Ark, and really get into it.The progression system is cool, the spells are very cool.  The NPCs and quests are whatever.  The graphics are Ark.ATM it has some small tooltip errors, and some obnoxious desync that goofs melee combat and harvesting.  Otherwise runs pretty well for EA."
76561197970507554,Recommended,529180,33730828,Posted: 22 July,all,Scavenger,"I have had the game for about 2 days.  As most say the Base does seem  lot like ARK, but it does feel like there is a little more depth to it.  It suffers from problems as any early access game does.  If you are thinking it will be as polished as ARK is currently you will probably be disapointed.. It's more like ARK back when it started.   If you don't care for ARK I'm not sure it's different enough to change that, at least not yet, and if you are a fan of ARK don't think it's ARK with lots of magic stuff added in.. watch some videos and make sure you would be ok with the changes.. It feels more like a different game running on the same engine... I know I am reaching here.. but the way Gunman Chronicles was to Halflife 1.. same engine but the game felt different."
,Not Recommended,529180,35013883,Posted: 16 September,all,"DJ Sjana ""龙巫"" Wilgani",Can't even load into a ♥♥♥♥ing server without it crashing my GPU driver after 5 minutes of loading time.
,Recommended,529180,35005872,Posted: 16 September,all,Lunnaku,"This game isn't perfect by any means, but it has a lot of promise and I look forward to it's future.It's very fun in it's current state but sometimes it has weird bugs.I recommend it but only to those who understand that this is still early access.Better then ARK, imo."
76561197988487227,Recommended,529180,35052037,Posted: 18 September,all,chris_77_2003,excellent sandbox with tons of room for growth.
76561198030039343,Recommended,529180,34377526,Posted: 20 August,all,balokcole,"Very solid game. Needs more content of course, lots of patching too. But a good game for sure."
76561198089453904,Recommended,529180,34488723,Posted: 25 August,all,Princess,"Still has bugs but they are working on it all of them time. Down times are never long and the time they are down is when I am asleep. Farming seems pointless until you manage to keep a plot alive over night. Once you hit that point, it's much smoother. I am looking forward to seeing the game improve."
76561198054089251,Not Recommended,529180,34597583,Posted: 29 August,all,MikeyTheWrench,"This game should be an early ALPHA. Its not even close to a beta. Its so buggy and Laggy that its unbearable. Thats just the game... Add in the chinese hackers on pretty much any official server and you pretty much have a recipe for disaster. I bought this game and within 30 minutes, I am returning it. I tried4 seperate servers and each time I was met by an unruly gang of chinese guys flying or just attacking me minutes after i had spawned in.. Terrible."
76561198131579329,Not Recommended,529180,35035380,Posted: 17 September,all,LeoTheeLiger,"I wouldn't recommend this game. I've gone so far as to tell 3 or 4 of my friends not to buy it as well. At least not until they fix the creature clipping. You will get stuck in other creatures. You will lose your griffins, panthers, and everything else. So get ready to tame stuff for hours. Then immediately lose it to wild creatures. If you do get it do not spend time taming high level tames.Also, there is a terrible glitch where your body falls through earth about half the time when you die. You lose everything with no way to recover it. Including gear that takes high level mats. And alot of them.I love this game and what it could be but they refuse to fix these bugs that have been prominent since day one release. I tried to keep an open mind but they don't care. I've begged, others have begged, and emails and requests have been sent. Good bye Dark and Light. Hopefully in the next few months you decide to address game breaking bugs."
,Recommended,529180,35077391,Posted: 19 September,all,Liquid Leonidas,Dumpster trash.
76561198037651322,Recommended,529180,34417526,Posted: 22 August,all,BM!A.Mullet,"First off I almost didnt even try this game because some of the negative reviews, that would have been a mistake!I dont doubt there were gamebreaking issues early on, but I want to let you know that while many issues still exist, they have not stopped me from enjoying this game immensely! So if you were scared off by the bad reviews or if you purchased and stopped playing because of the issues, I reccommend you return to to this early access game!For starters it was said the Official Server were unplayable, they are playable, even decent! I have only played on Official Servers for my entire experience. I will say that higher populated servers will have more lag than low populated ones. But even on high population l only have occaisional issues.I was interested in this game purely based on concept. Then the looks pulled me in. And finally the price point was too good to pass up (half the price of big name titles). Additionally the idea of early access and getting in on the ground floor was cool too. I had been looking for an MMO that was not the same EQ/WoW with a new skin...and the survival aspect seemed like I would be in for a whole new experience! And I was right! Many games have almost zero consequences for death, but this one makes you feel it! And at the same time balances that with getting back on your feet without making you want to give up. You lose your items upon death, and can run to retrieve them, but your level and skills stay in tact. To me that is a perfect balance!You unlock skills by gaining experience (levels) and by performing certain actions. You need to maintain Health, Hunger, Thirst, Focus (brain power with constant spell use) and constitution which the Goblins will explain for you by knocking you unconcious and taking your stuffz.The game is 30.02 complete as of the writing of this review. So one should expect a few bugs and glitches, and realize that developers are still working on some core aspects of the game. So if you wonder why this game has a bulky text box that looks like something out of the 1990s understand that things like that will be worked on as more of the finishing touches (aka punch list items) are wrapped up. I dont have any direct information about this but I have been beta testing MMOs since the early 2000s and have an idea of how this works.So if you were curious about this game but were afraid to try it is my opinion that the reasons for the mixed status have been cleared up!"
,Not Recommended,529180,34399838,Posted: 21 August,all,Synxin,"At the moment there are a lot of gameplay issues like quests not completing and achievements not registering, not to mention low framerate and other stability issues. I will probably check back into it at a later date if the game is fixed but I feel right now it's not worth the money I spent on it."
76561198344882361,Recommended,529180,34599338,Posted: 29 August,all,JTC,It looks fun but when i try to donwload the game and run it  it says its running but then stops running and the game wont launch if click the butto to many times its says like the app is already running but its nit and trust me when i say its not. If anyone can help me i will thank them dearly i really want to play this game but I can't :)
76561198068184638,Not Recommended,529180,33680507,Posted: 20 July,all,Gimlisk,1 hour later and I couldn't play because of horrible graphics with highest settings and 15 minutes loading times..I'd wait a month before buying this.. Looks great but i'm going to wait..
,Recommended,529180,33693833,Posted: 21 July,all,Bedren,"The game is Early Access, people expect too much and don't give the game the credit it deserves."
,Recommended,529180,33705651,Posted: 21 July,all,Backpfeifengesicht,"A nice mix of magic, melee and fantasy in an ARK type environment.I really enjoyed the fact that you start in a small town, it made the world feel more alive.So far its a great game and I enjoy it despite the usual growing pains of an early release game. Definately worth sticking this one out to see where it goes."
76561198056129476,Not Recommended,529180,33691155,Posted: 21 July,all,bjelar,"This game is not ready for public scrutiny yet. Loading times, optimization and early game bugs (like literally a handful of bugs during first five minutes of gameplay).It does look a lot like pre alpha Ark. I did refund before the 2 hour mark, so perhaps it gets better as you venture further ingame. They should have playtested the first hour before going early access.I might re-buy it later, but I need to see some seriuos progress first. Nice concept, but I don't really want to play a concept."
76561198032311823,Recommended,529180,33693207,Posted: 21 July,all,Blu3bean,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it! I love it.
,Recommended,529180,33702764,Posted: 21 July,all,Naji,Doesn't deserve the hate
76561198043270509,Recommended,529180,33756515,Posted: 23 July,all,Golden Tico,i love magic!!! and sex
76561197967028507,Recommended,529180,33691355,Posted: 21 July,all,Dragnelus,"Like it so far! Tbc, just wanted to give a postive thumb after seeing all those negative :)"
76561198118476726,Recommended,529180,33692433,Posted: 21 July,all,Wind-HMD,"The addition of magic seems to have really helped this game, and there feels like a lot of depth to this if you really give it time.Good Game so far. I tried ARK before but i never liked it. This however, is something new and awesome.Good atmospherenice graphicsgreat crafting systemnice character creation systemA bunch of skills and stat customization.Honestly, most of these negative reviews are rage-typed on hour 2-3 of the release day. I would encourage that you read this review, that was well thought out, and had some good reason behind it. Here are my current thoughts / hopes about the game. (Oh, and yes, before buying this game know that it is early access, and may not run on your average PC, even if you rage about it in a review. I for one doubted the fact this game would even run on my PC, but it did and I am glad it did. Now, onto the game.)The game does have taming, it also has exploration, crafting, leveling, skills, magic, and of course, PvP. Though, many people are complaining about the fact there are no PvE servers, and I do not know what happened behind the scenes to stop it from releasing day one, but I am enjoying the game on my own in singleplayerAll in all this is a very intuitive game with a lot of neat features and fairly smooth gameplay for an early access title."
,Recommended,529180,33693599,Posted: 21 July,all,BioVibe666,10/10 MAGIC=FUN FOREVER!!! Buy this game for everyone that you care about because your going to need a crew of magical friends to help you with your journey into greatness!!!
,Recommended,529180,33697226,Posted: 21 July,all,Magichands88,"TL;DR Take a lot of the mechanics from ARK and mix them with a lot of the mechanics from Skyrim. It's Early Access, Fantasy, Open World, Survival and Crafting. I'v only played on a private server, but I highly suggest you check this out AS LONG as you remember that it's early access and will have bugs and features that aren't implemented yet. It will only improve with time."
76561197961357480,Recommended,529180,33699278,Posted: 21 July,all,Kane,"I typically don't leave reviews, but this game is getting very poor reviews for no reason.It is an early access game, don't expect perfection. That being said this game has launched in better condition than almost any survival I have played to date. Conan was awful day one and the lag was unbearable. I played with almost no issues last night and ran a pretty steady FPS.Does it have similarities to ARK? Yes. Considering they are both survival games this shouldn't surprise you and I really don't see the problem with this. It is clearly a very unique game that sets itself apart from ARK quite nicely.There are NPC Towns (Haven't seen a survival do this) and mild quest elements driving you forward with progress. If you are someone who likes survivals and like the fantasy theme, this is a great game for you. I would assume by now you should understand what sort of performance to expect in survivals.Negative reviews are due to (people complaining ARK clone, getting killed and not liking it, having bad computers)."
,Recommended,529180,33758503,Posted: 23 July,all,KaiKo,"I have put over a day into this game so far and i think that it has a huge amount of potential, the people that are rating this badly have a bad computer or they are mad because the first loading screen takes a while because its actually your first time loading into a huge area that needs to be loaded for a first time."
76561198145493318,Recommended,529180,33760472,Posted: 24 July,all,†Lexa†,very fun to kill alot of time. if you enjoyed ark before they changed the price of the game to 60 bucks then you will love this game.
,Recommended,529180,33874948,Posted: 29 July,all,LesbianSeaguLL,Really nice game!  Devs are active and ON IT
,Recommended,529180,33875062,Posted: 29 July,all,Assmaster9001,Its very good. Don't be a ♥♥♥♥♥ and buy it.
76561198063595071,Recommended,529180,33899895,Posted: 30 July,all,OminousGrace,Walk out of the dwarven spawnGet attacked by a Reaper MainOne shotGG 10/10 would walk out of spawn again.
,Recommended,529180,33911470,Posted: 30 July,all,Shawn Wolf,dARK and Light: MMO Evolved
,Not Recommended,529180,33680435,Posted: 20 July,all,Harry the Kat,"Pass on this game.Filled with bugs, lag, just horrible stuff.They rushed this ""Early Access"" game."
,Not Recommended,529180,33680551,Posted: 20 July,all,Thrills_,Unplayable; Even on the lowest of settings I was getting 15fps. Plays and feels exactly like ARK. The second I loaded in I had people  verbally assulting me and chasing me down to kill me.Tried loading up a single player server and got the same performance. I've already requested a refund.
76561198388811161,Recommended,529180,33688555,Posted: 20 July,all,Crowe,"Really solid game, a lot of the people posting negative reviews barely played it and complain that it's an Ark ripoff while being made by the same people... no♥♥♥♥♥♥ Still a good game with a good foundation."
76561197974789395,Recommended,529180,33719380,Posted: 22 July,all,Face2FootStyle,"After spending sometime playing the game, I'm really enjoying it. Remimds me of rust with magic with actual progression. Yes some of the bugs and optimization will turn players off from even giving it a try. However I'm quiet impressed how quick they patch their game. Not even a day went by and it's been patched twice. The second being a pretty big one. Shows they care. With an only 25 dollar entry fee is a pretty good deal for even a couple of weeks of fun. I have I hopes for the future for the game."
,Not Recommended,529180,34467869,Posted: 24 August,all,(CMF!) SNARF,"Never left a review in all my years on steam.  This game deserves a PSA.  If you played ARK and thought, hey this game is fun, has potential but has some wacky and tedious elements to it that take away from the enjoyment of the game D&L will make you down right suicidal.  Ark can be a pos at times, D&L is down right trash all the time.I understand the game is in development and at the time i am writing this its at around 30% complete however their is no reason for the mechanics to be so stacked against the player both in time needed to invest and potential complete loss of all of your work in seconds.  This especially with the bugs that are currently already making the game difficult to play.  Assuming they are taken care of at a later point, then make the game more challenging.  As it is now, if they needed free testers for the early access portion of the game good luck getting anyone to stick around longer than the first 24 hours of play.  One death and its all undone so let that sink in.  This is not a game, its a cheap knock off that didn't learn anything from its predecessor."
76561198283859286,Recommended,529180,33983878,Posted: 2 August,all,123,gud
76561198068898072,Not Recommended,529180,33689306,Posted: 20 July,all,Grizlocke,"Seems like it's a fun game. I can't play it though due to ""low memory"" crashes. I have an i5 6600k, 16gb ddr4 ram & gtx 970 so idk why this is happening. My only guess is too low if vram? (Playing on medium settings btw) Would suggest to anyone out there who doesn't have the world's best pc to avoid this for a while but keep an eye on it cause it looks fun"
76561197990808385,Not Recommended,529180,33679835,Posted: 20 July,all,Shoe Collector,"It's unplayable and far from what the videos are making it out to be. I refunded, but maybe I'll revisit it next year or so..."
,Recommended,529180,33726677,Posted: 22 July,all,Madpup,"Review as of 7/22/2017Pros:-Ark like survival with a medevil/fantasy twist.-Epic base building and crafting.-Engrams learned after you level up in certain areas by actually playing the game.-Familar game play for ark veterans.Cons:-Too many bugs to be currently enjoyable. Just released in alpha early release so I understand this.-Steep difficulty curve. If you step 100 feet outside the starting area there is a good chance you will be attacked by something you have 0 chance of defeating.-Fighting monsters is litterally impossible for the first 1-3 hours of the game. You can't hope to kill anything until you can craft ranged weapons, preferably a bow/arrows. Do not buy if you want to create a melee character. You will spend 3 minutes trying to kill a low level sheep with a sword.-Building is a bit wonky. Hard to place ceilings, foundations place too far into the ground letting grass show through, ect.Currently Bugs that I have Seen.-Sky glitch where it looks like you are at a rave. Hurts the eyes.-Gathering with axe and pick randomly goes from whatever you have it set to to less than x1 making it impossible to progress.-Glitch with the collect 100 gold quest where you can't complete it and it won't give you a new one until you reach lvl 8, and will then come back at lvl 15.-Random spots where you get stuck and can't move. I don't mean you fall in a hole, you just start to levitate. Other spots where you should be able to walk up a hill, but it won't let you.Conclusion: Fun and cool idea for a game. If you want to play something that works, hold off on purchasing for a few months, or at least until they get some of these starting bugs worked out."
,Recommended,529180,34601620,Posted: 30 August,all,Jeaux,"Don't let anyone's review of having played on a server with issue X or Y stave you from thinking this game is worth it. I played a few servers before I finally found one that didn't lag in the least and it was night and day difference from having played on an official server. This game is what I wanted Ark to be which is why I never played more than an hour or two of Ark, yet I already am approaching 200 hours in Dark and Light. Well worth the money, well worth the time."
,Recommended,529180,34593788,Posted: 29 August,all,9TailedFoxFire,garaphics are good game runs smoothly fun to play does need a little work though cant wait till its finished
,Recommended,529180,34918042,Posted: 13 September,all,ECG P5YCH0SL0TH,"First let me say ""This is not ARK 2.0."" There are a lot of similarities in graphics, and the fact that it's another survival sandbox and it's built on the same engine. If what I read is correct Snail Games, the developer, owns Studio Wildcard, the developer of ARK, as of 2015. If you like fantasy creatures and Magical powers, I think this game will have a lot to offer you. It's early in the build, but has great potential. There are bugs and issues, all games have them anymore, it is to be expected. I try not to dwell on what's wrong because so much can change and improve. It is a survival sandbox and generally speaking either you like them or you don't. If Ark is any testament to the developer, we can be sure there will be a lot of expansive and great content to come, and let's not forget the amazing modding community that is out there for these games. Those guys are the real backbone to the never ending fun and immersive experiences we can obtain from these games."
76561198003202479,Recommended,529180,35276214,Posted: 28 September,all,Masterblazter,Great potential gets better every patch.
,Not Recommended,529180,33679552,Posted: 20 July,all,Kryllic,"So I'm not giving this a thumbs down because of the ""Ark ripoff"" everyone seems to be claiming. Honestly, I've never really played Ark, maybe once or twice for a few minutes, but never got into it.Now, I don't *want* to give this a negative review, as this game seems to hold a lot of potential. I saw a glimpse of this game during E3 and thought it looked really cool, and I've been waiting for it ever since. But at the current time of its release, I feel it's more of a ""hold off until future updates"" review. The game looks nice, and basic controls and UI system, from what I could gather, aren't that bad. Honestly, I don't mind the idea of a ""Fantasy themed Ark"" game, even though I've practically never played Ark. Either way, this game should be reviewed on its own accord, not what it might be based off of.But, from the bit I've played (yes, I realize I only have 0.3 hours on record atm), it seems unpolished and unoptimized. I have a pretty good computer (GTX 1070, along with 6 core 3.2ghz gpu and 16gb RAM), and even on medium settings, I have low frame-rate, to the point to where everything feels very stuttery and awkward. Unfortunately, this has prevented me from actually getting into the game to see everything it has to offer, considering I feel like I can't really control my character to begin with. it's also definitely not worth the current price of $30 (or even the $25 sale it's currently on).Menu's seem fine, world looks expansive and could look gorgeous if I could play on higher settings, and the skill system even looks interesting. Again, this game *looks* good, but it doesn't play well. So, ultimately, I suggest holding off til future updates to see if they fix these issues. If you have an absolute beast of a computer that can handle anything, then go for it. You can always refund the game if you experience similar issues."
,Not Recommended,529180,34815017,Posted: 8 September,all,Conffuss,"Pretty much impossible to play takes forever to join a server and even then official servers lag, delays when gathering, rubberbanding after using a fire ball spell... and many more problems"
76561198013475377,Recommended,529180,33769175,Posted: 24 July,all,Knyn,great
76561198006155237,Not Recommended,529180,34015918,Posted: 4 August,all,krazyyoN.,"""Why Early Access?Dark and Light has been in development for a few years and has gone through many iterations to become the unique Fantasy RPG / Sandbox hybrid that it is today...""...and still the performance is a big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ i mean, a few years.. what the hell did these ppl over the years?!I can't even say anything about gameplay, mechanics, the world itself etc because i can't enjoy nothing.Anyway, because all the kids refering this game to ark, so will i. years ago after the first trailer of ark i was hyped, because i ♥♥♥♥ing love dinosaurs! ..but then they screwed up and made it a futuristic♥♥♥♥♥♥game with taming, wtf...So now we have Dark and Light and it seems like the same scheme as seen in ark and i like that, because it fits way better in D&L. Dwarfs, elfs, mystical creatures and a fantasy world - that's awesome.That's why i keep the game and hope for the best...Thumps down anyway till this game is even playable.Cheers"
76561198052403396,Recommended,529180,33986137,Posted: 2 August,all,keltten,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!Built on a lot of code from ARK so if you know ark its pretty easy to join and get going with a learning curve on Beasts and how to keep them safe as its harder.Game is Great. Lot of people will comeplain that the NPC's die but thats a players decision in game and all decisions affect the game which is good.Tames range from quick to 6+ hours. Better stuff takes more time.Difference from arkMAGIC!!! YES MAGIC!!!! teleport morph attack light tons of fun.Monster Waves in game! Event that spawns more mobs to attack nearby areas. Got to make sure you do not build near drops or you will regret it!No place is ""Safe"" There is always a chance of something so think of everything.Pro'sWay better than Ark when it came out.MAGIC!!! Fun system!Looks amazingLess of a load than ArkLots and LOTS of potential. This is early release so its buggy but not that bad. Very playable nothing is game breaking.ConsMelee and hit boxs are not working as intended.No fence foundations... hard to make gates lol."
76561198308104691,Recommended,529180,33989101,Posted: 3 August,all,SepedaMotor,this is so good
76561198018053305,Not Recommended,529180,33707929,Posted: 21 July,all,SnuggBugg,"Spent 15 hours building my base and getting up to level 23, As usual you get the group of kiddies who have no lives, no jobs or responsabilities roaming the server in droves, came and raided all my stuff and pretty much all the hours wasted. A Massive disappointing experience. Not interested. You guys came out with pve serve a little to damn late. BY THE WAY THANKS FOR GIVING PEOPLE A♥♥♥♥♥♥♥WEAPON THAT CAN 1 SHOT PLAYERS! ♥♥♥♥ you."
76561198074388934,Recommended,529180,33985443,Posted: 2 August,all,Boop,"Do not listen to all the stupid people downvoting this game with only a few /played hours.***This game is in week 1 of ALPHA stage (At the moment of writing this)***-Yes, there's lag.- Yes, you can see random flying animals.- Yes, harvesting is taking forever because you miss/lag.- Yes, some creatures can 1 shot you for no reason.- Yes you will crash once in a while.This is Alpha!!This game is really addictive if you like Ark/Conan'S type of game. The map is huge, there's a lot of creatures so far even if it's only alpha,I'd suggest to find a good unofficial server with high rates and a lot of people playing on it. It's better for learning the game and more fun like that imo, I mainly play PVE for now because of lag issues, but I can see this game be super super fun in PVP. Can't wait for the servers to be more stable.7.5/10 for now, but can only go up with more updates!!"
,Not Recommended,529180,33984950,Posted: 2 August,all,=(eG)= Bladed,"I usually don't do reviews. I also rarely refund a game, but I have to. I understand this game is in early access, but it is literally not playable. The loading times are just too much. In server, it took 20 mins solid to finally get into a game. In single player, it took 10. I have an eight core processor, 32gig of ram, and a gtx 1080. There is no reason for these load times. I know I will buy this game again as it looks super fun! For now, I am going to use my money else where. If you buy this game, prepare for long load times. Hope the devs fix that aspect soon! Good luck!"
76561198037268523,Not Recommended,529180,33703488,Posted: 21 July,all,Do I Taste Salty 1973,"I accept it is early access, but this was released too early."
,Not Recommended,529180,33707611,Posted: 21 July,all,123,"played for an hour tried to like it, really i did, but im playing on a hell of a rig, nad i was getting 17 fps on medium, and that wasnt even in a town or city...in the current state it is unplayable. :/ great idea, everything else is not. i know its early access but it isn't even ready for that in all honesty..."
76561197980828688,Recommended,529180,33680468,Posted: 20 July,all,Izex,After playing for over 9 hours the game is very enjoyable as long as you play on your own server. The official serverse are too laggy. There are some annoying bugs such as HDR making the game look horrible (make sure to turn it off) and the swords right click not hitting things correctly. Also guards do not attack players who PK in town. The game should be amazing a few months from now.
76561198061373193,Recommended,529180,33681774,Posted: 20 July,all,Hollow,"Crafting, taming, progression slowly which for me is nice instead of insta everything. NPC cities various looking creatures! Exploration. Not to mention cool magic skills so you dont have to be just a lonely swordsmen or archer you can be a swordsmen who can switch inbetween melee and magic combat!(Will update as I go)"
76561198387112228,Recommended,529180,33682553,Posted: 20 July,all,Coca,Lots of fun.
76561198035391503,Recommended,529180,33682784,Posted: 20 July,all,lagrie,"Dark and Light (solo play)So, is the game bad?-no.Is it new?-no.Why does it feel like ark?-same engine, studio owns wildcard.So its a rip off?-no. (you can begin to argue for anny rts,MMO,rpg,racegame out there)The game runs for me on epic 40+ fps. No crashes for 2 hours atm.--RIG--""980 ti 6 gbIntel Core i7 477016 gb RamWindows 10""---Game looks good. (on epic) annything lower looks extremely different.Art style is amazing, world design is on point.Combat is fun, crafting is easy, The cities are a nice touch.there are vendors, walking npcs (some of wich you can interact with).There is lore and quests.AI is good, UI is easy to use(needs some new design).Its a good blend of RPG/Sandbox and survival aspects.Enjoy the game. sorry for the bad english."
,Not Recommended,529180,33684750,Posted: 20 July,all,TunaSamich,"TL;DR Game is not ready for alpha testing yet, let alone early access. Hold on to your money till it's further developed.>>>> Please, for the love of all things holy and just, make the character stop flopping around/twitching like they have parkinsons during character creation!!! Just have them stand still, if we want to look at other angles we can rotate the character! Also, please remove the hair/eye/skin colour sliders and just have them be arrows to click through settings. <<<<<The game hangs on loading screen trying to get into the actualy playable area of the game more often than not requiring me to end task and try again. when it does get past that part it's about a 10+minute load time.I have to run the game on the very lowest setting to get up to 15 FPS while lasts for 10 minutes then it tanks to 3FPS (serious memory leak) requiring a restart. (I know my PC is a dinosaur but it plays other games at higher settings just fine i.e. Warframe, Planetside 2, Overwatch, Paladins, Paragon, Fortnight... you get the idea)The starting area descriptions are severly lacking, yes it says human, elven and dwarf in them but it's written so vague/flowery you can't really tell that's what race it's going to make you seems like it was just flavor text, could have been dwarven area once but now maybe only humans remain? also what (if any) benefit does 1 race have that another doesn't?I don't understand how a bush gives grass, blueberries, wood, stone, twine, magic stones, apples all from the same bush.using (dark) drain spell to harvest levels melee crafting and light magic?you start in a frozen land as a grown adult in a huge, rich castle dressed in rags and need to get to level 7 to start making clothes/armor so you don't freeze to death, but the message says get warm so you don't get hungry?I'm still extremely excited for this game but for now I need the money for other things, so after another 2 years work I'll look back into it as it enters alpha testing stage."
,Recommended,529180,33684912,Posted: 20 July,all,Mint,"The game shouldn't recieve negativiy because of its similarties to ARK, there's a large portion of people who knew what they were getting into before buying this game, and were more than aware of the similarities it may have. It's an awesome game, and despite the present bugs and a bit of a slow release, it has all the potential in the world to evolve into a very solid  game.If you like ARK then you should like this.If you hate ARK then you shouldn't be here review bombing a game that deserves positive attention, it's early access for a reason."
,Recommended,529180,33681008,Posted: 20 July,all,Alex,"1. Do not trust the negative reviews, vast majority of them is biased and inaccurate.2. The game is VERY MUCH like Ark, it is both good and bad, if you like the ark, you are likely to like this game. It has not been a surprise as most of the marketing materials lead us to this conclusion. HOWEVER even for as little time with the game as I have had it is clear that it is different in some regards. It has magic (which makes everything more logical) NPCs with whom you can trade and at least in the beginning there is a simple quest line.3. It is an early access title which means that it is supposed to have: bugs, FPS drops and other unpleasant stuff, the game should be judged for its core mechanics and potential and not for the stuff that is supposed to be fixed during EA time."
,Not Recommended,529180,33683573,Posted: 20 July,all,Amaro Kai,Less of an Ark Rip-Off and more of an ARK Stand-alone Reskin DLC hidden under parent company's name.   shouldn't surprise anyone.
76561198023099139,Not Recommended,529180,33683699,Posted: 20 July,all,ronilog,"Looks like this game (in my opinion) got released early just to give Citadel competition. not ready for us yet, guess this is your standards."
,Not Recommended,529180,33684528,Posted: 20 July,all,Khaos (S'A),"For reference:Intel i7 4670K clocked at 4ghz.GTX 1080ti32 gigs of RAMGame is on a SSD.Setting on all MEDIUMClick single player to get a feel for the game, stare at a 3 fps dragon flapping it's wings for five minutes. Kill task, re-load, lower setting to lowest, click single player, stare at a 6 fps dragon flapping it's wings for five minutes, kill task, requiest refind, review bomb ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.♥♥♥♥ you devs. This is literally just a total conversion mod for ARK and you somehow made it unrunable. Way to ♥♥♥♥ everything up."
,Recommended,529180,33679460,Posted: 20 July,all,Huxley,"Despite similarities to Ark this game is nice, runs smoothly and feels good. Looking forward to testing out some magic later and the NPC traders are a nice touch."
76561198028402087,Recommended,529180,33681265,Posted: 20 July,all,123,"Don't worry about the negative reviews. People are trying to say it's a clone yada yada. Game launched very well compared to both Conan and Ark. There are a few things they need to fix such as sound volume, hit boxes, and tweeking some of the numbers on mobs, and regens.So far so good. If compared to Conan or Ark launch this game would be a 10/10"
,Recommended,529180,33681890,Posted: 20 July,all,Seta,"This is Ark with factions, magic and dragons, and untill now it have been amazing.You should ignore people without any play time.I highly recommend it, i am having lots of fun, the faction element makes it better than Ark.By the way, it needs tons of optimizations, you need a super computer to run it."
,Recommended,529180,33680464,Posted: 20 July,all,Explicable,"Lots of copied assets from ARK, but they are at least used in a good way.  If people can review poorly in 10 minutes of play I can do the same positively.  No point letting it die day one."
,Not Recommended,529180,33683276,Posted: 20 July,all,Nyerk,"Game is not ready, not even for early access, I couldn't stand 10 minutes in the game. Poor performance, can't get stable 30 FPS on lowest settings. Everything feels clunky. This does not run or feel like a game that has been ""in development for a few years."""
76561198039768982,Not Recommended,529180,33684511,Posted: 20 July,all,SCE_KingUnderwood,Join server - get kicked. Return after 20 minutes of lobby play. Thumbs down
,Recommended,529180,33686221,Posted: 20 July,all,Prodieus,this game is absolutely wonderful. People are complaining about the devs saying this game is only 30% complete... ITS AN EARLY ACCESS. this game has been up for 8 hour of continuous play. what did we get with ark? 15 minutes if not less. Everyone leaving the negative reviews hasnt even given it a chance. they all have .7 hours and less. I would totally recommend this game to anyone who enjoys mmos or survival games should definentely pick this game up and add it to their collection
,Not Recommended,529180,34994939,Posted: 16 September,all,robholmesiii,"Dark and Light still has a ton of work that needs to be done. The concept unto itself isn't a bad concept, but a lot of work still needs to be done. At the current pricepoint, I can't recommend it yet."
76561198026392825,Not Recommended,529180,34986533,Posted: 15 September,all,Illithar,"Ok parts of it I enjoyed I usually enjoy learning and the start of these things – however the “tutorial” is really poor at the tutor part and seemed to stop working – went blank – you could still look up the tasks but that seemed to have stopped updating as well –Also there were very few NPCs – many market stalls and key buildings empty – the interaction is pretty minimal – hard to sell stuff when no buyers.I thought it might open up after the tutorial – which kinda as I said just ceased to be – but it’s grindy and kinda boring – and I finally got some decent armor etc., guards and a wild creature killed some bad guys chasing me and I looted the bodies – then having scored a few kills myself - I went exploring and was killed by a level 65 Bee which also destroyed all my new kit – really?Not ready for prime time."
76561198090800056,Not Recommended,529180,35024470,Posted: 17 September,all,pennystook,"I wouldn't recommend buying this game unless they fix  the startup bugs. The whole 60 mins I have spent was loading screens, and then crashing. I'm sure it's a great game, but I don't have hours spare to try and start this game up"
76561197966790283,Not Recommended,529180,34452349,Posted: 23 August,all,fontaner,"Hot garbage.  A steamy pile of hot smelly wet garbage.  That is my review of this game.  It is broken, buggy, empty, and has little to no content."
,Not Recommended,529180,34885994,Posted: 11 September,all,KiLL@HB@GS,"Don't buy this game! I play on a official server. The Devs don't communicate at all. The game is riddled with bugs, glitches, and terrain issues. There are barely any quality of life patches and zero hot fixes... They release new content without fixing broken things while breaking more things in the process.  Also we reported a hacker on our server with video proof.. He got a 24 hour ban (that's all) and now he's griefing the hole server exploiting and blocking areas. I warn you, save yourself the time... Don't buy ...this might possible be the worst Dev team I've ever seen!"
76561198020034695,Recommended,529180,34802273,Posted: 7 September,all,Viperjsc,"I would have to recommend this game to anyone who understands what alpha is. Bugs, game changes, things happening weird and unexplained, if you can handle that its a great game. All the negative reviews i see of this game are pretty much complaints about alpha status of game or people that do not understand alpha. I can say the new patch is very interesting and has some new bugs. But my wife and myself and friends are having a blast playing and building. Only complaint I would have is that they made the fallen a bit too much for the newbie areas they inhabit. Maybe make them about half as strong as they are now. Also to everyone having problems with getting stuck. Runes of recall are low level and cheap to make. I suggest using them."
,Recommended,529180,35070545,Posted: 19 September,all,LegendaryGeek1,"Well I am not sure where to start with this game. The Graphics and game mechanics are great in my opinion. It does seem to be a re-skinned ARK. However, the game is not without its flaws. There are some laggy areas and game bugs. But the game is early access and the devs do seem to be addressing most of the issues.  The game itself is promising and I will definitely recommend this game to those that love the survival game genre. But I will say, be aware this is a game in progress and still needs work."
76561197974945688,Not Recommended,529180,35455461,Posted: 3 October,all,Finkle ist Einhorn,ARK with fantasy creatures and a lot of bugs. Might be worth trying in another 6-12 months. Currently not worth the price of admission.
76561198044568811,Not Recommended,529180,35267200,Posted: 28 September,all,althor007,"This game would be really great if it wasnt for the new patch that was put in now all the carnivorus animals ie... panthers,wolves are all over and attack you every where you go making this game unenjoyable and hard to play with out having eyes in the back of your head to protect you from being kill by agressive animals."
,Not Recommended,529180,33950274,Posted: 1 August,all,Claus,"They intended to make a game like ark that much is clear, it sure runs like ark did in its early days which is not a good thing at all and takes up a lot of space for no reason, the game barely has any content as it is right now.It's an obvious choice for me, i do like the skill progressing system in place but it is not enough to convince me to waste 50gb of precious hard drive space on it.it's a refund for me, i might pick it up at a later date."
,Recommended,529180,33806498,Posted: 26 July,all,Trivo,"Long story short.Yes, it has got some kind of Ark-Style. Yes it's kind of similar to Ark.NO, It's not the same game.It's fun, it has got it's own style, definetly worth a try!Good game. Much wow"
,Not Recommended,529180,35482187,Posted: 4 October,all,Rucky,Game of Lag and Panthers kicking your♥♥♥♥♥ I'm done with this crap
76561198386662746,Recommended,529180,33679999,Posted: 20 July,all,ipinchedmyself,"To those calling this an ark clone, or saying they stole this from studio wildcard, please do your research. Snail Games aquired studio wildcard back in 2015, and the companies merged.Ignore the negative reviews, and try out the game.10/10 game."
76561198035988660,Recommended,529180,33679946,Posted: 20 July,all,Trickster,"Good game, few ark things but thats to be expected, loading takes♥♥♥♥♥♥but apart from that im sitting in the middle, people will say they rushed this to beat citadel but truth is citadel gameplay from what ive seen is bad, just people looking for a reason to hate.you cant judge a game with 20m play time when it takes 10m to load"
,Not Recommended,529180,33709737,Posted: 21 July,all,コーディ | Cody,I would honestly just wait a year or two before playing/buying.Right now its just Ark reskinned. It has almost everything identically the same with a few cosmetic touchups.If you buy it now prepare to just get flatted soon as you spawn.(Who the hell thought it was a good idea to have pvp enabled in beginner cities?).
76561198068503512,Not Recommended,529180,33688593,Posted: 20 July,all,Rusbel,"I'll admit a lot of people are exaggerating just how bad it is but it isn't what we expected or saw in the screenshots and trailers. I have a GTX960, i7 4ghz, and 32GB RAM. The loading time in the game only took about 2mins for me. A lot of people complain about starting with a skill quest but there are three starting areas and each one is different, I started with a gathering quest. I found the graphics to be very lacking and slow but I can run on epic everything with around 20fps consistently even with a GTX960 which looks sorta bad a little chunky but people saying that high-end graphics cards can't run this probably aren't using one or expect a laptop to preform as well as a desktop. The problem is that even with everything on epic it seems like all the screenshots and trailers are just pre-rendered bullshots. I even saw some gameplay on youtube but it just doesn't feel or look the same as that. The resource gathering doesn't make any sense and the combat is clunky as all hell. You cut down pine trees or trees that dont have any leaves or needles at all to get apples and you get rocks 10x more often from bushes than from boulders. It feels like this game was really just a bad iteration of an mmo and you're much better off playing TERA because it functions the same way for combat and gameplay except a million times better and with better graphics.I waited for months for this game to come out and it's a bit disappointing even for early access."
,Recommended,529180,33680058,Posted: 20 July,all,Marchwarden-Eärendil,Ehh the negative reviews..... Game is good if you havent played ark... I personally enjoy itmore then ark... due to it being medieval fantasy.. You will if you have not played ark.. Most of the negative reviews are ark fools
76561198007584152,Recommended,529180,33686192,Posted: 20 July,all,Powerhouse,Im enjoying the game so far yes there are bugs and such but its day 1 of early access so just give it time.
,Not Recommended,529180,33805373,Posted: 26 July,all,Smokin_Zero,"I will change my review in the future probably. But for now I would review it as following:- Game is working as intended and as expected by early access, so not everything is perfectly fine but the core works- Graphic is okisch, but even on high with a gtx1070 it looks shabby especially at specific day times like dawn etc.- Currently only a handful of animals available (sheep, wolf, panther, griffin, spider, bigger spider, small dragon, big dragon, boar, elk, etc.) .. almost saw the whole map probably missing some but overall its not that much to do- Talent system is awesome, I really like it- Building and leveling is fun and survival is also a decent amount of fun since there is no increase for run speedOverall however, this is ARK + Lord of the Rings but not the current ARK .. more like thefirst version of ARK in the early stages where most stuff was buggy and not pollished.The setting is nice but if you want a survival game play ARK or any other game.ARK has litterally the same content but much more of it.If you don´t like the ARK setting but want high fantasy then look up Citadel: Forged with Fire which seem to be more polished and the same kind of setting (without taming?)In general the game is recommended for people who adore ARK and can live with minor stuff like animals vanish, server crashes, riding is buggy as hell and yesterday we lost two tames cause they got stuck in textures from a bigger tree. Aggro system of the animals is strange and overall taming is kind of new but also super strange to figure out.All in all a negativ review for now until more stuff is polished and more content is available regardingvariation in dinos etc."
,Not Recommended,529180,33680256,Posted: 20 July,all,Kregeth,"stay clear of this game! it's basically a poorly ripped version of ark, as it stands i can't even play this game because even at 800x600 resolution with everything on minimum (including scaling) i can't get stable frames and my computer can handle pretty much all modern games just fine. from what i could see they have literally just taken the ark map, made some modifications to it. crammed in a bunch of medieval props to make a town and expected it to work. hell the ark engine is still poorly optimized without all the extra stuff, did they expect it to work?"
76561198088039561,Not Recommended,529180,34381845,Posted: 20 August,all,rodriguez1222,"This is my first review, ever... I want my weekend and my money back.  So frustrated right now...I am used to early acces games, the issue is not that it's early access, the issue is for the price and the sheer amount of things that need to be worked on to really make the game enjoyable, it so not worth it.My wife and I play multiplayer games together, I had high hopes for DnL, right up our alley.  It took us all day Saturday to download the game, which is not typical, I'm on an 80mbps connection, Ark took about an hour to download.  The issue was I downloaded the game, then something updated and it redownloaded the entire game... TWICE.  Maybe that was Steam?  I dunno.  Then used SteamCMD to get the server package and it was another 3 hour download.  There is a bug that won't let you run the server AND play the game on the same computer.  Well, you CAN, but there are some hoops to jump through and even then it crashes frequently.  So I had to use a third computer... redownload everything...FInally about 1am this morning it was working.  I went to sleep for the night and when I got up this morning about 9am, ANOTHER patch, an hour to download, again, nothing was working... AGAIN...Around 1pm I was finally playing.  3 hours in... oh man, so many bugs, typos, missing sound effects...  alot of the problems really are just cosmetic and balance issues, otherwise great game...There are a TON of optimization problems.  Expect to need a MONSTER computer to run this thing.  Mine is fine with it, but my wife has to play on ultra low graphics... her screen looks ike she's playing a low-end cell shaded game.So... 3 hours in we built our first thatched shack... and BAM 5 minutes later a mob attacks us, kills us and demolishes the shack and everything in it....  In the time it took us to die and run 50 meters back, the shack was gone and all our chests were gone...  the Wraith was still there, came after us and spawn-killed us over and over...60 bucks and our whole weekend is gone... I'm so infuriated...  This has certainly soured me on early access games... and up until now I have never had a bad experience with them...In all honestly, I wish I woulda just waited 6 or 8 months and bought this game then, later, when it has more polish and time to get some work done on it...  right now though?  Man it's a nightmare."
76561198044709523,Recommended,529180,33692730,Posted: 21 July,all,booyashaka,"Posting a positive review to counteract all the bad ones. So many negative reviews with less than an hour of play time.. seems absurd. Most of them seem to be going in with a plan to refund if it's anything like Ark and but not as polished. Well.. it just launched, so yeah.. it's not going to be as polished.Got a good few hours in, it's polished enough to have fun and there's clearly lots of progression to be had.And yes, it's very similar to Ark. The UI and some of the gameplay is nearly identical. However, there is a enough of a different feel to some of the gameplay to differentiate them. If you enjoyed Ark but prefer medieval themes, you'll enjoy this 100%."
76561198012545319,Recommended,529180,33691893,Posted: 21 July,all,LS | Mike Jim,Absolutely cannot wait to see how this game evolves like Ark did. I know y'all from Studio Wildcard are now part of Snail Games. Given that the assets are already there to utilize and now there's far more man power.... Too excited. Don't let us down guys!
76561198027050104,Recommended,529180,33692943,Posted: 21 July,all,Shazzik,"Dumped tons of time into it today and I am in love. Many have been having performance issues, but it has been running perfect for me. Plenty of bugs, but that is to be expected in early access."
,Not Recommended,529180,33690038,Posted: 20 July,all,Mac the Wanderer,"I really don't have words for this ehhhhh......I think I will wait for the actual 90% completed access to come out and not the ""this is way too damn early access"" ....would definately wait awhile before you purchase this game."
76561198138245892,Not Recommended,529180,33682805,Posted: 20 July,all,Mr.Dirtyhands,"Absolute trash... i want my money back.... I have a 1080ti, 32gb ram, 7700k overclocked to 4800, 960 evo ssd.... getting 5-10 fps on high, 30 on med.... NPC's wont interact, glitches galore, no instructions, no intro... feels like some crap some teenagers threw together for a class project and gave up halfway through."
,Recommended,529180,33783392,Posted: 25 July,all,The Lords of Misery,+rap
,Recommended,529180,33697075,Posted: 21 July,all,Kevin Costner,"All the negative reviews are complaining about bugs and problems synonymous with early access games, yes it's like ark, the ark method worked for sales. Snail games owns studio wildcard so of course they can get a working game out quicker if they use some pre-made assets but the game is different in both style and gameplay enough that it's hoenstly worth the price."
,Not Recommended,529180,33707587,Posted: 21 July,all,BearHams,"See the 0.3 hours? That's just sitting at a bugged, frozen loading screen. Unfortunate thing is, I looked up what the developer response was, and they said that its just server overload. So? What does that mean for me? : I cannot play. Will give a better review once I can get my moneys worth and actually play the game. I'm sure it's a great game but the review will stay until I can play.July 24th 2017Edit 1: Still trying to run the game. I've changed all of the settings to try out different things. I was thinking that maybe it's my pc, but my specs are above minimum for the game. Tried a few other things such as running in admin, and closing every other possible program that could be interfering with the game starting/running properly. No avail. Will keep trying though.August 6th 2017Edit 2: Tried a couple of time into get into a server. Didn't work for awhile, but eventually got in! Not sure what to think, even for early access this is pretty under-developed. For me at this particular moment, it is not worth it at all. I will revisit at a later date. ""Early Access"" should have some sort of standards, but it doesn't. It means you can put a game out in whatever bad state it is still in and just say the phrase ""Early Access"" and it makes it okay to put out anything unfinished no matter how bad it is. That's a tough scheme. Not sure I fully understand it. Peope can give reviews and input on products that work to some degree."
,Recommended,529180,33716138,Posted: 22 July,all,pnkysaur,"Decent for Early Access7/10, at the moment."
76561198161144655,Not Recommended,529180,35246949,Posted: 27 September,all,Cobra,"DEVS DOESN'T LISTEN PLAYERS and NOW GAME IS GOING DOWN IN POPULATION BECAUSE THEY ARE DOING BAD DECISIONS ABOUT THE GAME AND YES I HAVE PLAYED PLENTY TO WRITTE THIS, SO I WOULDNT RECOMMEND THIS GAME ANYMORE+NO GOOD CONTENT+THERES NO PVP ANYMORE SINCE CASTLES HAS MIILLIONS OF HP+SPELLS DON'T DO♥♥♥♥♥♥+THEY  NERF EVERYTHING+THEY MAKE IMPOSSIBLE THEIR FIRTS DUNGEON"
76561198004663114,Not Recommended,529180,35245541,Posted: 27 September,all,Czyrek-Marc,"Absolutely trash quality game, full of pretty scenery, and mostly ugly mounts. Everything from combat, to dying to just plain old movement is glitchy, getting stuck constantly on the map and dying because you can't move. I would have refunded this trash but steam won't let you refund games you've played more than 2 hours of. Please don't make my mistake and stay far far away from this game."
,Not Recommended,529180,35253417,Posted: 27 September,all,You Can't Do That On Television,Do Not Buy This.
,Recommended,529180,33695325,Posted: 21 July,all,Tripeezy,HONEST REVIEW ..First of all ignore all the reviews with less than atleast an hour gameplay as they spent more time writing a complaint than actual gameplay.If you are debating on this game id recommend it as ive put in 6hrs this game has a cool learning curve to it and although it has its comparisons to ark it definately is its own game. Just give it a try and have an open mind and im sure you will enjoy this game.(THIS GAME IS A GRINDER) if you dont like grinder games i dont think you would like this game as its such a grind to get to the enjoyable part of the game which is why i think its stupid for them to make it so challenging when you are starting out but hey you cant rush endgame. You cant expect a game worth hours of gameplay if you just zip passed all the early game stuff.
76561198007754049,Not Recommended,529180,33684713,Posted: 20 July,all,Arkainin,"Skip out on Dark and Light, the official ARk fantasy clone, and spend your money else where for a more polished and well-thought project.The good:-Lots to Grind: Players have tons of skills to level, abilities to harness, and things to gather in D&L, grind gamers will find more than enough to do to sate their lust for a while.-Interesting - looking- world: The fantasy take on a survival game is fun and refreshing from Ark and all the other clones out and about. The monsters look cool, the cities are decently fantasy, and oh yeah . . . magic!- Day / Night: Having a real day / night cycle with widly different styles of play is nothing new for the studio, but they do it better than before here. Some of the monsters that roamed out to kill poor players are quite fun to see gliding through the night, and it honestly makes for early game experiances to be a bit challenging and harrowing at times.The Bad:-Ark Clone: That's all this game is. The UI is identical, crafting, fighting, and even the overall play style is exactly the same as Ark. You won't be amazed or find anything new beyond the setting here.- Bad graphics and play: While actually not that bad overall, the in-game looks are not even close to the trailers and screen shots. You'll run into at least a few odd graphical glitches fast, and even with those aside, the images on the store are very misleading on quality.- Poor tutorial: There is a very basic guide when you first get in, but ui wise and world wise D&L leaves you stranded. Good luck figuring out how to make a new character, change apperences, or even turn the damn chat box off. And that's not even digging into craftng and combat play.I could go on, but I will wrap it up here. Fans of Ark and Ark like games might have some fun here, but they won't be finding much new. What little story / lore the game has is mostly confined to their website, and the rpg elements touted are simply ported over skills from ARK. For the cost they are asking, it's a easy chouce - DO NOT BUY"
,Recommended,529180,33685212,Posted: 20 July,all,SavageSG,"First off lets start saying that this game isn't that bad don't follow the Negative Remarks, i found out what caused people to make negative remarks, first it did take a while to Load, but of course you need to be understanding its in Early Access game. The game itself when it loads it runs smoothly of course it all depends on what Server you in, if the ping is high you will expect to lag. The mechanics of the game are great i loved them, so i spawn in this village, where you get a quest to accomplish which is easy of course. Did a few quests gathered alot of stuff, was able to get a sword ect.. but then... something happened that kinda ticked me off but then again kinda made me laugh i was walking around the forest and i wanted to make a house, so right when i found a great area to make a house, GD Trolls came out of nowhere and start jumping me, now the thing that kinda ticked me off was how the living hell did i kill it cause that mofo had like infinite life. Anyway i start fighting this annoying ugly as troll and this Snitch decides to gd steal my stuff, i was like wow..... . i was like unconscious so i wake up and go again to try to kill this same troll that kill me and he knocks me out again... wow this sucks... so i decided to run away instead. Dont mess with the Trolls.. def level up first. but other then that i had fun even if some things need to get fixed i dont understand why people are hating with a game that is in Early Access, i just think they only played 1 hour of the game and just gave up... need to try it for atleast 1-2 hours to actually see some like to it. Negative Reviews dont mind them try it out yourself, you always can Refund."
76561198074037697,Recommended,529180,33682878,Posted: 20 July,all,Mothypants,"This game has a lot of potential.  The negative reviews are people that probably can't run it.  If you have friends to play with it's a lot more fun, but this game is still in very early developement.  Even in it's early stage you can tell it's got a lot going for it.  I look forward to growing with this game and seeing what it has in store in the future."
,Recommended,529180,33682066,Posted: 20 July,all,TheHedgeMonster,"Released as an Alpha, plays like an Alpha. Incentives for people to report bugs and issues by the way of in game cosmetic items which is a nice way of doing it. Lot's of things need tweaking, fixing and sorting....but that is what Early Access Alpha is for right? to get those bits sorted with the help of the community. The time that I have played it has been very enjoyable and I can't wait to pick it up again tomorrow. Shame to all thos reviewing it stating ""unpolished, unoptimized etc etc""...learn the meaning of Early Access."
76561198044811530,Recommended,529180,33688700,Posted: 20 July,all,pixie dragon,"With the amount of negitive reveiws at the time of release I feel I need to speak up.First off,  let's start off with the negitives. At the time of this review the game has only been launched for less then a day. Yes the game has many, many things in common with Ark. weither it's because of the relations of Snail and Wild card or the whole 'that was sucessful, let's copy them."" thing. I care not.  And yes, Right now this game is full of flaws sometimes game breaking.but keep in mind that  It's day one on an EARLY ACCESS! I remember seeing early video's of ark or similar titles and most of the time it's in the state that Dark and Light is currently now. and yes currently things are slow going in leveling up. but in the near future that can easily be change.Now, I don't want to hear anyone belly aching that this is just another ark's clone, like I said they are similar. but so far this game has been vigorating where ark lost it's luster. the Fantasty aspect works. the way you learn and level each skill is refreshing. Instead of be forced to specialized through engrams you take the time to develop the skills that YOU want to learn. Want to be an Ice archer? cool, want to Learn air magic so you can go  all UNLIMITED POWER! on people? Go for it.I can go on about the possitives and negitives both. however I think this is gone long enough, so I'll leave it with this. This game is WORTH our input and support. We have the power to help bring this title futher then what it is now. So I suggest instead of giving it barely an hour, give it five to let it grow on you, then ask for a refund. I can garantee you that with the right time, and maybe the right people, this game could be great and worth the investment."
76561198135967946,Recommended,529180,33687506,Posted: 20 July,all,Nethiuz,"Awesome, ignore the negative Ark losers.This game is ARK but more fantasy, more balanced with central cities where you can interact with many players. So much fun so far. Graphics are awesome. WOW meets ARK and a touch of Skyrim... 9/10 and it's early times yet!"
76561198013023554,Not Recommended,529180,34166355,Posted: 11 August,all,gabsterin,Probably the worst optimised game out there. Tagging it early acces dosn't excuse the fact they launched a bad product.
76561198014984178,Recommended,529180,34207048,Posted: 12 August,all,Xero Being,"There is nothing I can really state that hasn't been put forth by numerous perspectives.I never played ARK as dinos are just not interesting to me so I do not care about the similarities although the graphics in DNL appear to be quite a bit better.Other than the to be expected bugs, this game has been a great experience so far. Single player has been my primary basis so far to become familiar with the game mechanics and play in a troll free environment for a while. I plan on playing on a private server at a later date when things run a bit better and additional content is added.If this style of game is your thing I highly recommend it assuming your rig is up to date enough. Especially if you would/could have a few friends to play together with.If you are heavily invested in another game, it would not hurt to wait."
76561198047645580,Not Recommended,529180,33688697,Posted: 20 July,all,ikutamaj,"I really wanted to love this game but it barely runs on my computer (which does meet the required specs). It may be that the game simply requires a much stronger gaming computer to be played enjoyably and that the company has underestimated the required specs. Sure, I was able to log in - but I wasnt really able to play the game properly and the login time is insane. To be clear, I was never actually able to log into the multiplayer servers but could only get the game to work in single player mode.By the time I got into single player mode, I was frustrated and annoyed by the choppy fps and music so I cannot comment on the gameplay itself. I was already done with the game. Furthermore, I always carefully listen to the music because it is crucial to creating atmosphere. In the case of this game, the musics intensity highented my frustration as i listened to it repeat over and over without being able to load the game properly.I hope they fix this game up - for now I have request a refund."
,Not Recommended,529180,34007631,Posted: 3 August,all,123,"Paid $30, Logged into a server, Stayed Right next to a safe city till lvl 8, walked outside for first time,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by a goblin which looted my ENTIRE inventory.. Somehow managed to glitch kill him, turn around and a player shows up, puts a fireball in my face, instant death, get rekt. This game is aweful.. like 10fps on a monster computer rig, terrible collision and glitching, DIRECT RIP from the game ARK. Even some sound effects are exact copies.. Save yourself the money and just deal with ark. Its an aweful game trust me.."
,Recommended,529180,33692551,Posted: 21 July,all,Tateybread,"I didn't play Ark, but I can see where the comparissions are being made from the few streams I watched.The crafting systems seem very similar and there are assets that look like they've been re-used... that said, it is early access and I saw somewhere in game that they are at about 30% though the development. It does have time to develop in a fresh direction and find it's own audience.In terms of what I played, I enjoyed it. There are bugs (again it is in EA) and some huge balance issues like high Level monsters randomly spawing right outside the start areas... I got flattened by some level 100 wolves repeatledly who took a liking to where I was building. Some Goblins knicked me unconscious and actually stole all my♥♥♥♥♥♥:O including my gold :SIt's a ropey start, but if you know what to expect you should be able to sqeeze some fun out of it as is. Hopefully the devs can show it some TLC and it'll be really good. The Magic system is a blast."
76561198067254845,Not Recommended,529180,34317963,Posted: 17 August,all,FilthyCasual,There is early access playable and non-playable. This isn't worth playing even on single player mode. Just wait.
76561198004116823,Not Recommended,529180,33973551,Posted: 2 August,all,Latriam,This is a good game.Just be warned that is seriously buggy as its an Un Optimized and very ALPHA quality game.I liked playing it with friends and we built homes and tamed creatures.Creatures are fairly easy to outrun.Taming is good.Griefers are everywhere on official servers so BEWAREGo in with a few friends and build one house between you is the way to go.The lag spikes are terrible and can cause you to die during combat.the Hit box system is kinda weird and needs some help.Magic is the way to go!!!!!!!!Melee is underpowered until you get to IRONLevelling is to slow and needs to be X2 or x3If you liked ark you will like this better (trust me)wait a few months and buy it after optimization
76561198033217891,Not Recommended,529180,34769641,Posted: 5 September,all,Snow,I would love to play this game. Unfortunately my 3.4 hours are nothing fun. Once I try joining a server I get a never ending loading screen with the flying dragon. I've tried being really patient just so I can play this game but I can't even play it. Needs work?
,Not Recommended,529180,35048433,Posted: 18 September,all,tuck4x4,"I played Ark from Early Access so I do have experience with unfinished games.I created a character on an unoffical DnL server with increased rates and begin leveling. The interface is clunky, game loading time is very very long, it occasionally crashes, but I can deal with this. The part I can't deal with is the gameplay after level 12 or so when you begin interacting with the other mobs on the map.I spent a very long time looking for a Boar to tame, get it done, log off in the city because I havent built a house yet, only to have it dissapear upon logging back in. I tame a second one but have it killed by a panther 20 feet out of the main city.I tame a third and then am given a spider and a Baghesh from a neighbor and have them immediately killed by a meteor spawned mob literally 5 minutes after getting them.The guy then gives me a wolf and I decide to take him to the home I've by then built, but a meteor lands on my head as Im riding, no warning, no light from the heavens, just BAM meteor and out spawns to Dark elementals that proceed to kill my wolf.I again live.I go tame a boar again and try to take it home but I get stuck in a crack along a river and am unable to get him out. Its a game issue. He will be in that crack until he starves to death.I finally do make it home and log out.Potential is there, but unless you truly enjoy being frustrated, give this game another year."
,Recommended,529180,33716725,Posted: 22 July,all,Stonah,I like
,Not Recommended,529180,33993894,Posted: 3 August,all,The Bruz,"If you like ark,Ark if you like,If ark you like,UI much ark, very arkGameplay need improvement, very arkGraphic look nice, very arkStability poor, extremely arkOptimisation woeful (expected not mad), still very arkGot bored of Ark so I bought this game expecting wizardry and fantasy and all that good stuff but turns out this game is owned by the company that owns studio wildcard which is the dev company for ark so this game is legitimately a 3rd person ark mod, if you like ark that much that you would pay 25 bucks for a new ark with staffs? Go ahead it's ya cup of tea but if you thought ark was sub par and you don't know if you want this game or not, DO NOT BUY.0/10, some guy will probably release this as a mod for ark in the near future"
76561197989260817,Not Recommended,529180,34244086,Posted: 14 August,all,Hannibal Lamb,"Would be a great game if they didnt have performance issues like crazy. Single player stutters on any setting including super low. I wish i could rate the game on more then just this but i cant play the game for more then 5 minutes before i just get sick of the laggy, stuttering and give up and hit alt f4. Game is a wreck. Wish i refunded instead of put my faith in this company, another EA wallet♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197974270620,Not Recommended,529180,33680714,Posted: 20 July,all,ThatGuy,"Standing next to lava. Status ""You are cold."""
76561198123891855,Recommended,529180,33691629,Posted: 21 July,all,XcCrosSHaircX,u know i came in the world being hyped then lag hit when i spawned i ammideitely stopped and said fk this an hour later i tried it again and got past the town and fps got way better point of the story is that the game is in beta and 30% done so we are still very far from launch so cut the devs some slack
,Not Recommended,529180,33680280,Posted: 20 July,all,🅱️onelessRanger,The same as ARK; Runs like ♥♥♥♥ing dogshitSimple reason to stay away from this ARK-like cancer
,Recommended,529180,33696903,Posted: 21 July,all,NemesisRE,"It's EA but you can already see the huge potential of this game, I spent 6 hours ingame after installing it even though I had to work the next day.You could see it as a baby of Skyrim and Ark. It has things of both games but it is neither the one nor the other it's something new."
,Recommended,529180,33702296,Posted: 21 July,all,Oats,PRetty good
76561198302598327,Not Recommended,529180,33680703,Posted: 20 July,all,jessica.kaine,"Terrible, not even fit for EA yet."
76561197975987725,Not Recommended,529180,33680908,Posted: 20 July,all,MushmellowHealth,"As it currently is, game is not even presentable in a pleasant state. Dont bother looking at screenshots or videos from people with perfect rigs. This game runs even worse than the game it borrows code and assets from (ARK), and manages to not be able to load textures and areas correctly.Amd fx 8350 with r9 390x. There is NO excuse for releasing this to the public for testing. This game will NOT look like whats offered on the store page and it certainly will take luck to be able to run this correctly."
,Recommended,529180,33696832,Posted: 21 July,all,SMooreAce,"All things considered, this has been an amazing new launch! Gameplay is not exactly what I like. I see 3rd person as a cheat, rather than a style. Game looks amazing! It runs very well compared to its closest 'competition' and is very stable. Its obvious that the game was held at alpha status long enough to clean up the vast majority of its major issues.As far as dedicated server abilities goes, its on par with an Ark dedicated server as far as resource usage goes, and runs very well. My server was put up alongside 8 Ark servers, 2 Canan servers, and an Out of Reach server and ran like a champ for almost 11 hours before it crashed. Oddly the crash happened about the same time an update was released.Overall, for a pre-release game, its rock solid! There are obviously issue that need addressed, and there is a TON of room to grow! But thats what we SHOULD be expecting in pre-release! Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,529180,33747557,Posted: 23 July,all,FriedRice,"This is a good game sofar. Can't wait to play with friends. It might feel like ARK, but the magical touch is unique. And the levelling up system is pretty cool."
,Recommended,529180,33687671,Posted: 20 July,all,J0M0,"Played 1.5 hours on day one. I think the game is in better shape than Conan Exiles was when it launched in EA. I joined a dedicated server with no network latency. The game seems to have a lot to do in it with a lot of features fleshed out.I had fun and will continue playing. The game is definitely rough, but totally playable from my current experience."
,Recommended,529180,33687681,Posted: 20 July,all,Apnea,"Singleplayer runs beautifully. Havent logged onto multiplayer yet but its understandable to have server issues on a launch day. Game shows great promise. The UI is well done, imo, and the animations and combat are relatively fluid for this stage of the game."
,Recommended,529180,33687673,Posted: 20 July,all,ChaoTEC,"Let's get a few things out of the way.Yes it resembles ark in some ways because it uses alot of arks base code.Is that a bad thing. No. It is familiar yet different.If a game already exists with the groundwork done and you own that game, what crime is it to use the engine? Clearly ark devs have done alot of work on the unreal engine so why not it be used elsewhere?How many games came out on a 3d engine that ended up sharing features with other games on the same engine?Is it meerly ark reskinned,No, It is definetly it's own game.Some quality of life features in ark have been improved upon.For instance in ark if you set your dino to passive they will literally sit there and get eaten.In DnL, you also have an option to flee from danger, so they will run away and not stand there getting eaten like an idiot.The crafting is pretty easy, rather than use points to learn things. You learn them by doing things related. For instance harvesting sulfur increases your fire magic and unlocks new spells.There are 3 races to choose from, dwarves, elves, and humans. Each with thier own city with npcs to trade with and an economy. Players may even run for positions of leadership voted on by players within that race.  You are not forced to work with everyone within your race.It is a little tedious at first figuring out stuff but once you do it is smooth sailing.If you bought or thinking of buying DnL and expecting to spawn in and punch out some creature and ride off on it, You are wrong. Taming is a little later in the scheme of things. You require special hook arrows to tether creatures to the ground while they eat out of a feeding trough.All these reviews complaining how the game isnt done yet..No♥♥♥♥♥♥ it came out today and is early access. What did you expect? If you have a problem make it known so it can get fixed. That was the whole point.I played on the same official server for hours with no issues other than the npc trader selling bug.The game plays well for me on my i7 4790K, GTX 1060 and 16gb of ram.The first time I loaded in it did take awhile, maybe 10 minutes, but logins after were alot faster.Never crashed on me either. Averaging about 80fps on epic/highThis is just my experience of day 1 early access for this game.You can take it or leave it, I really don't care. I will definetly be enjoying this game.I just thought there should be more honest reviews from people who actually played the game."
76561197966571058,Recommended,529180,33688363,Posted: 20 July,all,Psykodiak,"IGNORE THE SNOWFLAKES!I don't get why this game is getting such horrible reviews. We knew this game was far from finished several months ago.Personally, I'm having a blast. The levelling system and quest system are much different than what I'm used to. I like each though. I never really spent any time in Ark or Rust so I'm having to figure things out. I've only been jumped in PvP once, and it was dark so a giant lvl 40 Puma slammed both of us. XP... Honestly, PvE is harder than PvP so far. I've been begging for this in other games, DnL is the first to deliver for me. A reaper mob that spawned out of a meteor just ganked me twice in a row. The second time I thought I was safe in my hut, but that dude huffed and puffed and tore my hut right down.. like a lvl 40 Reaper should. Now that's what I'm tawkin' aboot.Pros:The combat is different but still good. ~4/5The graphics are beautiful.(Mitchbaid hardware will give mitchbaid performance. Step up.)~5Stuff Glows.~14Lively mobs.(They're gonna gitcha.)~17Three races that are not locked to the factions.~5Great waifu butts.+56dkpCons:Not a single llama in this whole game. (@Horsejoke, I believe we spoke about this.) 200 dkp minus.Snowflakes everywhere. /gkickLoad screens can be long. (It happens.) #beatBoxSeems like a majority of the map has not been implemented into the game yet, but duh. I could be wrong though. ""Stay awhile and listen.""Sieg Zeon.-Psykodiak"
76561198079882693,Recommended,529180,33688388,Posted: 20 July,all,missylynke,"I'm really surprised at the number of negative reviews. The game certainly has its bugs, but it's also early access. It's similar to Ark, but it was advertised as being similar to Ark, and the differences are refreshing and interesting. It was sorta grindy, but it's a survival game -- a grind comes with the territory. Plus, I'm interested in the way levelling works so I didn't mind. I'm also intrigued by the different factions, houses and titles you can get.Beware, it's not easy. I repeatedly died of starvation, but I like a challenge so that didn't bother me. Also, my sister had some FPS issues and apparently that's pretty common. The game ran fine for me.I don't know why all these reviewers are determined to kill this game, but I think it's worth a shot. Can't wait to see what they do next."
,Not Recommended,529180,33974242,Posted: 2 August,all,DerVooDoo7,"This Review was made with about five hours on record.This Review was made for an early Alpha stage of the game and does not necessarily represent the game as it is when you read it.This review will be updated as soon as I deem it necessary.Style:The game is set in a medieval fantasy world, the Cities, which aere also PvP free zones ,  have a great design, and fit to the trailer of this game.The outside areas are wide and wast and full of creatures, giving you many options to choose from for building a base.Combat:The combat system is interesting, you can indeed evade monsters atacks by moving in the richt direction at the right time and quick change weapons and spells (with a cooldown of 0.3 seconds)Combat and movement itself feels like in Ark Survival Evolved, which is not a bad thing.It does feel quite laggy though (with a ping of 60ms on a server) and with quite I mean a lot.Survival and leveling:This is a really strong feature of the game. abilities to build and use stuff are trained by harvesting and crafting the associated stuff.it is a lot of fun and quite intuitive.Graphics:The graphics are, as expected frtom unreal engine 4, very good, it looks a bit like ark, bt differs in that aspect, that the designt is w♥♥♥♥♥♥♥different one from a dinosaur island and technic stuff.Conclusion:The game is very promissing and CAN BE a lot of fun already.Still I do not recommend getting it, if you are not willing to actually caontribute to progress and funding of the games developement."
,Not Recommended,529180,33960446,Posted: 1 August,all,cheech,this game is actually one of the worst early access products known to man. it's a third person ARK with ♥♥♥♥♥ier FPS.
76561197987859900,Not Recommended,529180,34163076,Posted: 11 August,all,|||WOLVES|||darklord20042002,"Very poorly optimized game, i had to refund it due to the ageless loading time despite running of a SSD, my rig is a decent build running i-5 - 7500 20 gig ddr 4 ram and a gtx 970 (4g) and theg ame really runs like trash, on top of that as other have stated the short time i managed to get in this game was filled with rubber banding and hackers. Sad to say i can't recommend."
,Not Recommended,529180,34003842,Posted: 3 August,all,Sc077ish,"So. Long story short. It's really, really badly optimised. The same major issue that Ark has had since it came onto Steam. After spending an hour toying with settings to try and get a playable, stable framerate. I gave up and decided a refund is way better a use of my time.The recommended specs are just unreal. I'm in the middle ground somewhere. So to get an idea of what sort of weirdness i came across:1920x1080 - all settings set to low, everything turned off, all sliders bottomed out. 28 - 32fps1280x720 - same settings. 28 - 32fps800x600 - same settings. 28 - 32fpsNow, at 1080, with everything maxed out. 10fps.Now as i said before, my rig is mid to high range in terms of specs. So i should be able to get a reasonable fps. What i find really peculiar though. Is that you get 20 frames even with everything turned off and at the lowest resolution.Overall, i love the concept of the game, i love the look and feel of it. The world is large with a massive amount of potential, but unless they take the time to seriously optimise it? the player base will be small unless someone decides to give everyone a 6 core I7 and a GTX 1060.Sad times. Honestly, this shouldnt be on early access at the moment. It's far too early in production and the performance issues matching Ark:SA just make it more apparent that this is an attempt at a cash grab.Maybe in a year or two when it's had time to mature but right now i honestly say. Don't waste you're money until it's much further in development."
76561198028351522,Not Recommended,529180,33681710,Posted: 20 July,all,Windamere,"Are you frickin kidding me right now!! 4 years and this piece of crap is all you can produce?DO NOT waste your time or money...this is absolute crap...Total ARK clone..(Didn't even bother to change the file names) graphics are aboslute crap compared to what they showed in the video...movement of avatar exactly like ARK...No survival aspect what so ever unless you count the ""NODES"" you have to walk around and search for...""hey grass is grass no matter where it is in the world""...don't need to find special node and click for hours.72 minutes and still never figured out how to sleep...oh which is a major requirement to do the so called magic lmao.....REFUND!!Aboslutely Do NOT recommend this game!"
76561198038755233,Recommended,529180,33716309,Posted: 22 July,all,Rasih,Gameplay is alot of fun and first week of early access servers seem stable which is unexpected. Only issue is the long load screen and low fps.
76561198295004883,Not Recommended,529180,34030971,Posted: 4 August,all,aricfire,4 ♥♥♥♥ing hours of loading and only 10 minnet of game play before crash ill be [issed if i cant get my 30 dollars back
76561198236470300,Not Recommended,529180,34046000,Posted: 5 August,all,mikeqiu2015,"Buying this game is the stupist choice Ive ever made,  kids , DONT  be fooled by its fancy little pictures , literaly a fraud without any spines or souls attached ! Developer should focus more on the stories instead of these zombie like characters :QGod bless my precious $30   + +"
76561198300839110,Recommended,529180,34211734,Posted: 13 August,all,Wingzie,"I dont usually write reviews but this game reserves one! I myself was very hesitant to buy this title due to all the hate that was thrown towards it. But due to my large interest in the game i went ahead and bought and since day one it has been worth it! Does the game still have a few things that need to be worked on? Yes of course but it is an early access game! Plus all of that aside it has been nothing but a great experience! The devs are really putting in a lot of work and there have been major improvements with every patch! This game does not deserve all the shade it is getting at all! My opinion is if you are interested at least give it a try first, pay no attention to all this overwhelming negativity!"
,Not Recommended,529180,33681632,Posted: 20 July,all,Light Light,Just gonna make this short for ya'll. This game is pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ you will most likely die around 50 times of hunger before you reach lvl 10 and even kill a mob. The graphics are fine but it's basically ARK with magic
,Not Recommended,529180,33688871,Posted: 20 July,all,BroodJoker,"Don't waste your time even thinking about downloading this bucket of pure♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game states early access, but its not even that yet, this is like a pre-pre-pre-alpha. If you like running around dieing, because your attacks dont do anything to other players, but theirs do, then by all means have it. I would rather wrap my♥♥♥♥♥♥with super heated sand-paper covered in thumbtacks than stroke it, rather than play another second, of this POS game."
,Recommended,529180,34047717,Posted: 5 August,all,anoelusmc,"This game is EARLY ACCESS. Think of this game as an alpha-beta release. Guys back in the day game developers wouldnt release a game until it was finished because they paid people to do this part. Due to the impatient brats we have now days game developers discovered that they can release the game earlier at a discount and let you pay to be the beta tester lol. All in all the game is great for what it is so far and i have great hopes for it.Those that say wait and buy later, yeah look what they did with ark right before release. (30-60$) just saying sometimes being an early adopter isnt half bad"
,Not Recommended,529180,34753709,Posted: 5 September,all,bjarmibe,"I LOVE this game and I love to play it for game and single player there isint i could complain about but lately i have got so tired of all the bugs and no feedback from DNL about what they are going to do and it just to much of bugs. I know it is a early release but maybe in the future I will continue to play the game. My character got erased 5 times so i had to start all ower, Bugs with house management like i was not the owner of my own building i got locked out of house everytime i closed out of the game and re-entered it. My tamed creatures where not tamed anymore. So at the momment i dont recommend this game until these things have been fixed I have spent more than 100 hours on the game and all progress lost because of bugs. Its just not worth it and honestly the frustration with the game is to much."
,Recommended,529180,33816545,Posted: 26 July,all,WWBaldE,Been waiting for this game forever.So far so good.Don't listen to those who complain about bugs for an Early Access game.
76561197968680597,Not Recommended,529180,34567223,Posted: 28 August,all,AtheistPrime,"The menu looks good. Havent had the chance to enter a server without crashing to desktop.but i did notice some of the tips provided in the loading screen... Several of them with bad grammar and even misspelled words.""You sould watch of guards"" I should watch for guards i assume?How is this in a  release state? I am a early access wh*re. So i rarely get flustered by bugs or bad optimization but this is one of the poor ones.Wait or completely forget about this game."
,Not Recommended,529180,33998061,Posted: 3 August,all,BWolf,Too much to improve.. low fps.. low optimized.. low tutorials at start.. low low low..
76561198237810730,Not Recommended,529180,33998110,Posted: 3 August,all,MathiasEH,"when i try to play the game its just loading, its been loading for 2 hours"
76561198011599385,Not Recommended,529180,34194383,Posted: 12 August,all,struct,"Gameplay feels very cheap. Gathering, running, melee--it all feels very unresponsive and half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Too much like a re-skinned Ark. UI is pretty bad at the moment. Unlocking skills feels grindy. Graphics aren't anything spectacular, Citadel looks much better imo."
76561198009062408,Not Recommended,529180,34063685,Posted: 6 August,all,bountyh1,"Spent 3 hours of a nightmare on this game.  I have other early access games and they are at least playable. Sure they all have issues here and there but constantly? No...  There are so many technical issues with this game that it is not playable.  You spend so long at a loading screen it is insane.  We created characters only to find out to play with someone you have to create all of the same race.... So we had to go kill of the characters and make new ones.  The server selection does not tell you what server you started on or even made characters on.  Also the save server button would not work. So all the barely little progress we made is somewhere out there in cyber space to never be seen again.  Ok to start the game loads - forever (pretends to load server then sits there with not load bar, then you get excited when it has a load bar only to go back out to the server selection screen then it seems to restart the loading all over again.  Count yourself lucky if you only get 1 game loaded.  We had issues where 2 games load up even though you only run the game once.  Which the game will not allow you to close the 2nd box.  Probably because it isn't there?  But is it?  Alright so you get in - finally.....  Make your 6 or so hair style selection and load in at night time (well of course).  Your character is freezing it tells you.  Ok what am I suppose to do about that?  Who knows.  I have to finish these new quests it wants.  Get stuck on the staff quest because you cast the spell on it, but the game doesn't register.  Well spend however long trying 100 things to get it to work...just make a freaking new staff and spell and cast that spell on the new staff...GG Alright now to eat flowers..... eat 3 flowers and the game shows you only ate 2....seriously?  You run around for 30 mins until you found out how to actually get the flowers....sword on grass...OMG kill me now.  Log out and back in because you want the last flower to actually count.  Yay me that quest is done.  Well since you wasted so much time on these quests your body is freaking out saying you are exchausted and need to sleep.  Ok so I need to find a bed somewhere I take it?  Search the whole city up and down - find 1 bed and no options to do anything..  Oh I need to make a bedroll?  ok how?.....Great I need to make level 10 and then since I already am level 9 np let me craft 100 things to get to 10 because I also have 400 in my weight skill but have soo much crap I am too heavy.  Level 10 and great you find out you just wasted all that crap to see a progress bar to get you to make a bed roll....Lets go sell...oh you already sold 1 each of things to the vendor?  Well they won't buy anything no clue why?  Well there is nothing that says how much the vendor has for cash?  So your guess is as good as mine.  Also still have that level up to progress to next quest?  You leveled up 4 times now you say?  I don't have an answer how to get that fixed..At this point I am done wasting my time.  At some point the game looks fun...but don't be surprised if you are pulling your hair out or tossing your computer out the window right now.  It just seems like it was put into early access long before even 1 test was run?"
,Not Recommended,529180,34061388,Posted: 6 August,all,pafds1,I get that it is early access... but I cant even play the game. Never joins server just stuck in loading screen for hours
76561198323934562,Recommended,529180,33824992,Posted: 26 July,all,VioletCoprinus,Don't listen to any of the bad reviews. This game runs great for EA..Imo a much fuller experience than in ARK. The RPG elements are wonderful and the magic system is very well done. Not to mention the character customization is leagues ahead of ARK.
76561198110274910,Recommended,529180,33962106,Posted: 1 August,all,Mayluna Brokeit,"Not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. Compared to Citadel, it feels more fleshed out in the fact that it already has quite a few creatures. Compared to Citadel's pathetic bestiary of 14 creatures, DnL's booming 50+ creature population is flourishing. They're constantly adding more species as well, such as the recent Frost Dragon. They have been trying, and I have noticed the difference so far. For a game that's so new, it's great. Being able to shapeshift is a wondeful feature, and I hope they expand upon it. It's a little glitchy at times, much like Ark in it's early days, but it's to be expected. So far, I'd have to rate it 8/10, and I can't wait to see how it develops! <3"
76561198050350000,Recommended,529180,33935532,Posted: 31 July,all,jomajo1988,Dont check the negative comments. The game is really fun to play and it keeps u up for hours
76561198102052243,Not Recommended,529180,33682654,Posted: 20 July,all,Tali'Zorah nar Rayya,to see how bad and unfinished this game really is check out my stream.  Even the character creation is a buggy mess :https://www.twitch.tv/videos/160675507
76561198038253245,Not Recommended,529180,34185432,Posted: 12 August,all,inlife,"The game needs a map, not a spell but an actual in game map, the current one is useless. Need a way to get a character unstuck. I lost so much time with gear, materials, and weapons because I fell through a rock and was unable to get my corporse back. Need to REMOVE the timmer on the main characters body, INCLUDING the timmer when chests get destroyed. How is it that a lvl 20 gets destroyed by a level 3 monster? You guys need to work on combat between the main character and the mobs in the zone. Level 4 panther does a crazy amount of damage. Can you guys code that when someone builds a house there is no sheep/bunny spawns near it? Its a pain in the azz when you spend so much time farming and building only to get back in and see a monster destroying your place because a bunny got stuck near the wall (happened twice).I enjoy the game, its mainly farming building and taming animals. Good graphics, simple to construct buildings. CAUTION if you want to venture out solo its very difficult even on the normal setting. The avatar does not do enough damage at all and the shield is for show. Fun game over all could be better. I'll be taking a break on this game until it is closer to full release. I generally do not purchase early access games because there is no guarantee the game would be complete. Technicialy they can stop supporting the game and there is nothing we could do about it. 20 hours played so far. Needs more NPCs that cant be killed(notorious on public servers people kill them all the time). The public servers are very laggy which makes me believe its a hardware issue on there end. When you do find a NPC to sell to, you can not sell individual items. You must sell in bulk which is crazy being that everything has a weight and a short shelf life. The only items that do not have a shelf life are weapons, containers, armor, spells and structures. Everything can break and be repaired.Do I think this is a good game? YesCan you have a lot of fun? YesIs it buggy? YesWould I recomend it? Not at this time. Why? Well for the reasons stsated above and also there are no dungeons, or caves. Its pretty much you and friends or solo farming ALOT stocking up on everything (because of shelf life) crafting what you can than building your place and exploring the map trying to tame creatures. Pretty straight foward nothing crazy. They do need to fix a lot of things in the game. I'll keep my eye out and see how patching goes. Until than 20 hours is enough for me."
76561197995247515,Recommended,529180,33719205,Posted: 22 July,all,Silvershot,"Now a day a lot of games are like others, Is this like ark? Yeswould I play it? yes when i have time.Will I spend 60 bucks on it? no."
76561197993296209,Not Recommended,529180,33680495,Posted: 20 July,all,ColdBroke,Bugs....bugs everywhere!!
76561198120790911,Recommended,529180,33692276,Posted: 21 July,all,Savitar Farmskins.com,Nearly Level 2 :DGame has potential and is great atm. Uses assests and same engine as Ark and that may be a good thing because Ark worked out great.
76561198076932274,Not Recommended,529180,33680634,Posted: 20 July,all,STAYABIT,"Never asked for refunding EA game, but this game ................"
,Recommended,529180,33696922,Posted: 21 July,all,Rolarin,"Ignore all the haters. This game does have many similarities to ARK: Survival Evolved, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. It's a new theme, new world, TONS of new mechanics involving magic & things. At $25, this game is very reasonably priced."
76561198007239918,Not Recommended,529180,33696359,Posted: 21 July,all,Spills51,"So how is this game.Well right now it has many bugs (As to be expected) for EA.One of the questlines was broke and I can't continue past it cause they seem to have to be done in order for some none apparent reason. (When you can easily complete the others since there really is nothing stopping you except they apparently made it that way/ All they are is bash a rock etc yada yada)Heres the thing I own ARK. I have put 800 hrs into ARK.I actually love ARK.So it's ok that there are similarities to that game cause it is popular for a reason.However maybe it's because I have played so much of that type of game that this one just did not grab me from the start.Even with the magic staffs and stuff it just feels so similiar that I think if you have not played Ark that would actually fall in your favor cause of it being completely new.Remember when Ark released and it took forever to load in? Check. 5 minutes minimum to even get in gameworld (closer to ten actually).OPTIMIZATION!!!!!! I'm running a 1070 etc. My rig is better then most and while the game runs in a playable state I could not break 40 fps with any consistency with the graphics on high(a step below ultra).I had not run into a ton of things going on in the game so I can only imagine it getting worse if say a battle/ton of npcs were present. (Obviously ymmv)As far as graphics...it's ok. For most games out there it holds it's own but as far as (here we go again) comparing it to Ark it is a big step down.Starting in the main hub of the Dwarf fortress I found myself staring at how blurry and ugly the stone pillars actually are.The characters look ok.There is a leveling system as normal and you unlock recipes as you complete a certain number of tasks etc (Harvest tress and unlock a spell).The game has a long wway to go imo as far as polish etc and while it's in EA and is fine...I just can't do it again at this point.I was hoping for a more polished EA but it's not.Missing sounds, quality of life details etc still need to be implemented.At this point I am just not in the mood for a million updates etc for the next yr or so to get the game in a really decent state.I just put in for a refund and I may come back to this down the line when it has less fixes/updates etc that need to be worked on.If you really are looking for this type of survival game and willing to deal with the above then by all means get it. There are certainly worse games out there.For now though, honestly I have been there and done that."
,Recommended,529180,33696794,Posted: 21 July,all,BDAWGshizzle,Haven't gotten too much time in but seems like it will be a solid survival game. Sure it's a lot like ark but most survival games have a lot of similar elements. Don't listen to all of the negative reviews
,Recommended,529180,33697574,Posted: 21 July,all,Locke(MI Ark Admin),"I played about 8 hours, and I like what I see so far. This game is basically a total conversion of Ark, which to me is a good thing. I like the way the game plays and feels. The single best aspect of this game to me is that it is a Survival Game mixed with a RPG complete with quests, NPCs, and NPC cities. I haven't gotten into to much base building yet, but if it looks like the screenshots, it should be fine. I like the magic spells, though combat in general is about as bland as Ark, so hopefully they make some improvements there.All in all, I am enjoying this so far. Looking forward to being a part of the EA. I wish people would remember this is EA and stop being so negative."
,Not Recommended,529180,33982406,Posted: 2 August,all,KKillroyV2,"This game, I really wanted to enjoy this game considering I always enjoyed ARK: Survival Evolved but preferred the fantasy genre, however, there are simply too many issues for me to continue playing at this point in timeThe Bad PointsMelee and GatheringI have to say, if you're a fan of melee combat this game is not going to be for you YET, the hitboxes on both creatures and especially gathering nodes such as Trees are abominable, good luck hitting that tree you're after. The best advice I can give you is just to take a run at the tree and wildly flail your axe around, that's probably the most efficient way of gathering in this game.Bugs.I understand that this game is in early access so I was prepared for the crashes and buggy gameplay, however, when setting up a server becomes a mini game of not letting the game randomly minimise and never reopen my enthusiasm starts to wane.ExploitsConsidering this game is strongly based on ARK you'd think the devs (same company I believe) would have anticipated some of the many exploits that are rampant in this game so far. Congratulations on building a large iron base that is secure with locked doors, unfortunately, someone just stuck their dragons head through the solid wall and breathed fire on all of your hard work, which leads on to my other problemCheaters/Chinese zergsRemember the big problem with ARK's official servers? you bet they flooded over the Dark & Light! enjoy spawning into an official server to be spawn killed repeatedly by 10+ Chinese players on dragons using macros and all the other cheats that are better explained on Reddit and the steam forums, oh, and if you really do manage to get past the spawn killing, have fun in the ghost towns of the island considering Official server's NPCs do not respawn, Yeah, the devs forgot to add in respawn timers for the vendors/guards/NPCs so have fun doing very little in town.Lack of CommunicationThis one isn't a very strong point due to the game being so early however there has been a trend of the devs locking complaint threads with copy paste answers such as ""It will be looked into"" and then going on to provide in depth support to any of the Chinese threads which set a worrying precedent.The Good Points?Good GraphicsAssuming you can run the game on good settings, this game is very pleasing to the eye some of the spells look great and villages (at least from the outside) look nicer than ARK's box forts.Magic SystemThe magic system is arguably the reason I purchased this game, it looked fun in the trailers and it very enjoyable in this game when everything comes together and works the way it is supposed to.Overall, I'd say that while this game looks nice and certainly could turn out like another ARK: Survival Evolved, depending on the Developer's response to critical issues and dedication this game could quite easily become another Reign of Kings, being left by the roadside. I do hope the game evolves into a more polished experience though and will be following its progress."
,Not Recommended,529180,33916018,Posted: 30 July,all,~Kisa~,"bugs, lag, poorly optimized, loading screens are way too long, and the game crashes a lot."
76561198411564826,Not Recommended,529180,35091244,Posted: 20 September,all,lucyspepper,"Currently reviewing Dark and Light. My initial impression was disappointing. The character creation feature is primitive at best. And the tutorial verbage flips through too fast to even read. The game makes way too many assumptions of a noob player. What little i know is from trial and error...not by any info provided in the tutorial. And it's frustrating that I have to jump offline to find guides in order to make any sense of this game. Realizing that I paid for the privilege to be a beta tester, I'm trying hard to give DnL a fair chance. But every time i login to the game, it comes with feelings of ambivalence on a good day but leaning more to meh as time goes on.At this point I don't logon because I want to play DnL, but rather because I have to play it to get my money's worth.  I've learned my lesson.  I'm not going to pay for Early Access in a game again.  This was a big mistake and waste of money."
76561198025937906,Recommended,529180,33685180,Posted: 20 July,all,Tzardok,"Its interesting, I kinda like it so far.3 factions, one for each race. You start in a city with NPCs, pretty standard really, but they do give a much needed extra layer on the survival genre, which to me is a new concept, never seen this in survival before.What I really liked so far was that you do get access to the whole crafting tree, but you need to dedicate time and effort to upgrade each one and unlock stuff. I prefer this crafting unlocking approach as opposed to the cold point distribution system to unlock recepies. You still need to distribute stats though, usual survival parameters, but you fo have a new magic parameter, ""Focus"".Haven't touched taming yet, I will update once I do. I am really looking forward to see how they tackle it, as I haven't seen an effective or fun taming process yet.While the races, Humans, Elves and Dwarfs are not original in itself, I did like how they are presented. I played the game on high settings, looks really nice, but performance was horrible for the first 15 mins (I think the map was loading during this time). Eventually the performance improved, but clearly needs optimization to be playable on high. I might try on medium to see if there are any improvements.Also its important to note this game is played in 3rd person view. Is ok, I personally could use the change and swordplay works a bit better this way.Good game, there is content here to be sure. So I can recommend it, but understand the game is demanding on hardware.Ultimately I will need to put more hours into it to see how this novelty wears off, its too soon to judge the whole thing yet, its big."
,Recommended,529180,33681772,Posted: 20 July,all,564,"Though it's really rough at the moment, with the server lagging and failing to register that you're trying to harvest resources, and how unbalanced food is atm, my first couple of hours with the game were really fun. Ran at an almost stable 60fps on my Titan. I see a lot of promise once the devs add more content and iron out some of the issues, I think it will be a really great game."
76561198015083749,Recommended,529180,33683136,Posted: 20 July,all,StayLifted,Its medieval ARK
76561198403683289,Recommended,529180,33681763,Posted: 20 July,all,GladeReverse,So all you old♥♥♥♥♥man children listen up its made buy people who bought wildcard in 2015 thats why its like ARK SO GIVE IT A CHANCE AND DONT LEAVE A REVIEW UNLESS you have an hour or more you fat ♥♥♥♥s
76561197996326202,Recommended,529180,33685924,Posted: 20 July,all,Deke Stokes,"Some lag/launch issues aside, seems to have a ton of potential."
76561198046044714,Recommended,529180,33684734,Posted: 20 July,all,Holonaut,"I can see where all the negative ratings are coming from:- placeholder item/skill/NPC names- performance issues- loads of bugs- no real tutorial, just a lot of small quests to get started (which can be extremely confusing in combination with the placeholder names)However this game is already blowing my mind. It's very much like ARK, but in a fantasy setting, with towns, NPCs, different races and magic. The core game mechanics are in place: running around, interacting with the world, fighting, crafting, exploring and unlocking new blueprintsfeelsgood, and it can only get better once all the little details come into place as well.I don't really recommend buying this in the current state if you're looking for a finished game, this is actually an Alpha. Still think this game deserves massive upvotes"
,Recommended,529180,33685095,Posted: 20 July,all,Co1475,"Now I only hesitate slightly to recommend this game. This game is very glitchy, the loading screen took my 20 minutes to load, the graphics are very splotchy, I think some NPC's are missing, and it feel very clunky. However I see amazing potential. If you do not want to buy a game that is still really early on in development then this game is not for you. However if your willing to wait and watch this game grow it could grow into something amazing. I may refund this game only because I have a slight fear it may not end up as great as those trailers but it does seem to be on the right path. I had fun playing however it is kinda hard to start. If you are willing to try a game that still has a long way to go then purchase it. However if you feel you want to wait and see what it is your spending your money on then I suggest to wait. I am pleased with this game and I can't wait for it's future."
76561197964108437,Recommended,529180,33682809,Posted: 20 July,all,AnthraX73',"This is a breif ONE hour playtime review. It's fun, so far, has some neat twists, its  by the guys who made ark and it shows,Gfx: GFX are above average, Feels baerily optimized for default high game some big  hits to fps and cpu usages, but i have a etxreamly high end rig.Sound; Sound is decent, buggy in some spots repeating sounds.Play style: is very much Ark minus the house/fort building apsects. At least that ive gotten too yet. (which im missing to be honest.)Game Play: so far so good again Very Ark-esk.Harvesting/Crafting; again, Very Ark-esk.Stablity/Optimzation: default seems decent, going down or up in options seems drastic hits to GFZ , CPU, and  RAM usage, and FPS hits are huge.Over all if yeah liked Ark, pick it up its 25$ for now... The price of a movie, and im sure you'll get mroe than 3 hours of of this.Will update when i hit 12 hours play time."
76561198272462811,Recommended,529180,33688767,Posted: 20 July,all,SlimeBucket,day 3 updateloving the game so far patches are being applyed they seem to be listening to the communitys feedback.the main issues i was having with the game have been reduced for ease of playran into a annoying mesh/hit box bug with harvesting just about everythingterrain meshes on some parts of the map needs polishingim super excited to see end game pvp im currently playing on a 10x just to get the hang of it without grinding too hard at firstif your into open world MMO pvp like (ark) check this game out
76561198171268305,Recommended,529180,33686845,Posted: 20 July,all,Nacho Friend,"Personally, I love the game. People need to stop complaining that its to much like Ark. Its GOING to have some similar elements because some of the same developers that worked on ark, worked on Dark and Light. I have over 2k hours in Ark, and i can tell you this game is not even close to being related to Ark. It is a little buggy, but its extremely well made and im sure most of these problems will be fixed down the road. we must not forget that it is Early Access and it is expected to have problems. Overall, this game is very fun. i cant wait to see what the devs have planed for the future."
,Recommended,529180,33690363,Posted: 21 July,all,1337Выдра2000,"I don't understand all this hateI love mechanics, they are already pretty fun and my favorite class-less (UO vet here)Didn't meet any crashes, my PC sucks, but I got pretty stable 25-30 on lowYou always have like 2 hours to test before refund and game is cheap, so better test it yourself or watch some streamsPS First loading is veeery long, but it is only once, after this it is just standard loading/connecting times (looks like game make some preparations/preloading )"
,Recommended,529180,33690292,Posted: 21 July,all,Kashaadri,"So played this game with friends on our own server and it's TONS OF FUN! For being early access and only 30% complete, it was worth the purchase and play.. I feel like people are being way too harsh and judging unfairly. The game runs perfect on my rig and with the graphics on Epic (AND TURN ON HDR)  it looks great! I have a 1080 ti. I had no troubles at all. It's early access, expect bugs. But with the amount of things you can do in the game so far, it's awesome. Do give this game a try if you like fantasy settings and survival with some Conan/Skyrim twist.I wouldn't recommend public official servers if you're easily frustrated as it can be a bit of a struggle for new players."
76561198300721986,Recommended,529180,33832006,Posted: 27 July,all,Kaelron,"Twas an hour before dawn,yet I was without yawn.As the Griffin fly nearI cowered with fear.To all you people who keep giving this game negative reviews, have you even played it for several hours?  I mean sure the game has loads of bugs, even I can't deny this.  But the developers are very receptive to feedback and are actually communicated with us.It even states in the launcher that the game is 30% complete and just that 30% so far is amazing.  There are plenty of things to do and it has MAGIC!  Why just today I sniped a huge gaint spider with a fireball.  That feeling, that feeling of total victory over something that probably would of ate me for lunch!  Can you imagine the content that will be in the game after 50%, 75% or even 100%!!!!???My point is, don't judge this game by a few minutes of game play.  If your going to buy the ""early version"" of the game which is clearly stated before you hit the purchase button, do not hold your expectations to high.  Especially if you believe this is going to be a ""Ark Clone.""  Because you will become disappointed.  Sure this game has several elements from Ark, but in reality IT ISN'T ARK.  Go into this game with a free mind just enjoy the game.  If you like a fantasy world full of unicorns, dragons and magic then your going to love the concepts of the game.  It has beautiful graphics, wonderful features and I can't remember a time when I was actually afraid of things that go bump in the night in real life let alone a GAME!I highly recommend this game to any person who likes MMORPGs as well as survival games.  Learn to be a great magic wielding Mage, construct your tribe, build a house and rule your faction in this EPIC medievil fantasy surivial game."
,Recommended,529180,33840940,Posted: 27 July,all,[κρά]Goose,"Tamed a sheep, called it Shaun.11/1 IGN"
,Recommended,529180,33885432,Posted: 29 July,all,Metawish,"***NO SPLITSCREEN*** The main reason i bought this game is because It says local Multiplayer and coop on Steam, so i figured i could play couch co-op with friends, but this is referring to LAN connections which requires 2 copies of the game. Pretty whack but i guess technically not false advertising. Beyond that, its an awesome game, i put 800 hours into Ark so I already enjoy the general concept. It feels much more satisfying and personal, and the world is dramatically more forgiving. I have gone the whole time without dying, hardcore modes seem much more viable and satisfying. So far official servers arent toxic yet, no raid issues or kill on sights, but lots of cooperation. it seems to promote a more roleplay style experience. Knocking out creatures is way better than in Ark, it actually makes sense. It still takes unbelievably long to tame anything, so unnofficial servers might be the only way to go if you dont like tribes. There is mod support apparently but a workshop hasnt been set up yet. System performance never really bothers me so with no complaints about performance this is an excellent game that i fully reccommend 8/10. its certainly rather choppy and somehwat sluggish, it doesnt feel fluid ""smooth"" and the graphics arent really as sleek as Ark. It takes literally like 10 minutes to get through the loading screen, but it would be faster if i put the game on my ssd. as stated none of that bothers me so it doesnt affect my recommendation of the game."
,Recommended,529180,33747450,Posted: 23 July,all,Terrastrike,"normally i don't review game until i have 100+ hours or if they are absolutely unbearable, but this game doesn't deseve a ""mixed"" reputation on steam, especially because most of those negative reviews are from day 1, when most ppl didnt know that snailgames owns WC.anyways this game is pretty good, and has potential to be one of the best survivals. i enjoy playing pve, and do not plan to try pvp, so this review is mostly talking about the pve side of things. i enjoy running around, building up my base, messing around with my house (tribe), and taming the wide array of launch creatures added to the game.instead of focusing on dinos, this game focuses on mythical creatures, which is something ark touched on with wyverns, griffins, etc. dark and light has things like goblins, centaurs, reapers, skeletons, and walking trees, most of which are tameable. need i say more?this game is very similar to ark in many ways but i still find it very enjoyable as the developers made many cool and fun features for us to mess around with. i forsee it branching out from the ark standard and becoming something amazing. the spells and magic have awesome potential and im very excited to see what becomes of dark and light."
,Recommended,529180,33946762,Posted: 1 August,all,Rhued,Great and Potential Best Survival Game
,Recommended,529180,33880828,Posted: 29 July,all,Fachy,This game is great BUT!!!!!! the graphics are too pushy pockets for ....... (You know what I mean)
76561198041835064,Recommended,529180,33688228,Posted: 20 July,all,Elderock,Game is similiar to Ark except more MMO feel. Servers are a bit laggy ( expected on release) however single player runs very smooth with little bugs. Enjoying the game so far !
76561198022426776,Recommended,529180,33732428,Posted: 22 July,all,roberts2365,"This game definitely has a lot of issues but that is to be expected with early access.  If you don't want to deal with that, then wait a few months til they fix a lot of the issues and optimize the performance.  Other than that I have been enjoying it quite a bit.  It's basically a fantasy version of Ark, but it does play a bit more like an RPG.  The main difference is to get crafting blue prints, as long as you meet the lvl requirement, all you have to do is gain xp for that craft.  Your not limited by lvling up your character and getting a limited number of points.  The higher lvl crafts do take a significant amount of xp though so you won't just max everything as you lvl up without investing a serious amount of time.  I am just playing single player right now but if your playing on official servers there is probably some issues with lag, and there is always the possibility they may wipe the server at some point in the future like they did with Ark when it first released on EA so keep that in mind."
76561198731999322,Recommended,529180,33706041,Posted: 21 July,all,Kingy,"Loving the game and I think it's gonna be a massive game in the future. However as expected their are a few bugs one being on the quest ""earn gold"" where even when you sell recourses to the shops you can't complete the quest. Despite this I'm enjoying it!"
76561198035556048,Recommended,529180,33713419,Posted: 21 July,all,MissOma (Elektra Volt),"There are quite a few things that are similar to ARK but also a lot that is unique and different. In this game the character customization is very nice, 3 factions but you can play with any body template, human, elf, dwarf and then customize them until you have a character that is unique, I like that there are fantasy skin colors, there are a limited number of hairstyles but for the first day of an EA it went pretty well. I was on a private server so there wasn't issues with spawn gankers and such as I have read about on these other reviews. Personally with survival games where you can build your own base, I would recommend getting into a private server.So the nice thing about starting the game is the Character Creator and there is a tutorial that pops up and gives little 'fetch' quests to help you level up. As you level  you automatically know a certain set of skills and other's you can use your xp gained to level up a particular skill as you wish.The game is only 30% finished at this point but again this is EA and I think a lot of things are going to get fleshed out over the next year so I don't feel it's fair to judge the game to be 'bad' based on a first day EA. The developers have added more servers and PVE servers for those people who are not interested. That's a good thing and shows the responsiveness of the developers.So for survival games, ARK players will find it most easy to get started, Every thing decays pretty fast in your inventory so just be aware of that.Were there bugs? Yes, mostly one involving getting into a closed server with the password screen causing an endless loading screen. The best advice for this was to copy paste the password then hit 'enter' and do not use the mouse to move around the screen.I want to explore more, already I see people taming some interesting animals, and I have not even picked out a place for a building yet or explored much past the faction city safe area. Much more to learn!"
,Not Recommended,529180,34365372,Posted: 19 August,all,Cliff Note,"Once again, I wish there was an option that's somewhere in between yes and no. Yes, I think that the game has great potential to be a fantastic game, but do I think it's there yet? No. The graphics are great, the variety of creatures and spells is interesting. I really enjoyed the way you learn new crafting options, simply through playing the game, and I always love having quests. Gives me something to work towards. However, quests are bugged, load time is incredibly slow, levels don't really seem to matter (I was killing things three times my level with an early spell) and I felt no incentive to build as there was plenty of pre-built creations already there. So for now, I say no. Don't purchase, unless you want to be more active in the process. However, keep your eye on it. One day, if the developers are smart, it will be a fantastic game."
,Not Recommended,529180,34345270,Posted: 19 August,all,Zaharinu,"This game is too broken. Dont buy it yet, wait until its more developed. Atleast wait until the servers work and you can actually ♥♥♥♥ing run it on a decent GPU."
76561197970612498,Not Recommended,529180,34348646,Posted: 19 August,all,Vanwilder,"buy it on sale and see where it leads, my guess same direction as ark."
76561198352445447,Recommended,529180,33784153,Posted: 25 July,all,Tobibunch,LIT AF
76561198131902813,Recommended,529180,33909102,Posted: 30 July,all,Take Some Cyanide,"To sum up what this game is, it's taking Ark, with a whole fantasy makeover, with a few noticeable changes. Being released only by ten days from when this review is out, it still plays better than most games. It is early access, so bugs and frame drops and other issues are definitely part of the game. However, the cons are very minimal, and the game very fun to play. Singleplayer to understand the ropes, and multiplayer to enjoy the vast land that the game offers, I truly wish for the best for these devs, as this game has amazing potential unlike most games, making it easily one of the best purchases I've made ever.To sum it up, get this game, and help out the devs, because it is amazing."
,Recommended,529180,33786149,Posted: 25 July,all,agoenklanank,Great game and the magic is so fun
76561198059390075,Not Recommended,529180,33951551,Posted: 1 August,all,jehorta1982,"playing on a pve server, had 4 tames and metal armour good items and all was good yesterday when i logged off, today i logged in and all of my tames are gone (not dead just gone) i lost all of the items on my inventory but i did not die, so pretty much 70 hours of gameplay down the drain, i do not recommend this game at the moment for the sole reason that the persistent factor of the game is broken"
,Not Recommended,529180,33939223,Posted: 31 July,all,T3trahydr0,"Garbage, nothing but anoither early access cash grab.  the end.was getting 60fps. not much lag nor loading issues like most others mention in reviews.  But the game is jsut bad.  70 player server caps, creatures rubber band like crazy and combat is a joke."
76561197974921104,Recommended,529180,34142869,Posted: 10 August,all,[Judge]Capt. Slong,Its a amazing game for early access. I look foward to seeing how the game comes along.
76561198003919615,Recommended,529180,34142834,Posted: 10 August,all,bdecann,awesome
,Recommended,529180,33804189,Posted: 26 July,all,✪ Elix,"Glad this didn't release as an MMO like many other games and released as an open world survival like ark, reign of kings, or rust, its a lot of fun and I personally recommend this game to many, it should be a lot better in maybe a few updates, but thats why it's early access"
76561198074649069,Recommended,529180,33690941,Posted: 21 July,all,Imortalkila,11/10 would get killed by a meteorite again.
,Recommended,529180,33856444,Posted: 28 July,all,$OUTH $IDE $UICIDE,+++
76561197993683039,Not Recommended,529180,34144138,Posted: 10 August,all,Commander Tom,"Tha game was better 3 weeks ago  before all the patches. It was worth a buy back then.Right now it's just not. Devs can't program terrain  for♥♥♥♥♥♥ Your tamed animals will gt stuck in terrain 24/7 after the last patch. Some of the homebase spawns are just a mess, everywhere half open terrain to suck you in beneath the world.You used to get stuck in a rock when u jump off ur mount near a rock. NOW, you don't have to do anything to get stuck in a rock.. the game will do that for you.The patch that just hit us didn't resolve anything. No-one plays it anymore on my server and in my friendlist.I'm only playing this again if i read they resolved this GAMEBREAKING issue.No use in taming anything for 2 - 12 hours if the server just decided to lagswitch u and ur mount into a rock with no way out. Lost gear, lost mount, lost saddle... like 5 times in 2 DAYS .  No more."
,Recommended,529180,33981301,Posted: 2 August,all,[TCK] Hazza TT,"If you enjoyed playing ARK, you will more than likely enjoy this.Great game"
76561198197764111,Recommended,529180,34101821,Posted: 8 August,all,Koala,the game wont start for me what so ever i bought it but cant play it there goes 27 euro >:(
76561198262750767,Recommended,529180,33686697,Posted: 20 July,all,Papito,Great foundation to build the next survival game. Magic will take this to the next level.
,Not Recommended,529180,33976519,Posted: 2 August,all,Dozenbeer,"Both games Citadel and Dark and Light are way too buggy or shallow to play right now.Pros:+ very familiar to ARK, but in a good sense+ taming+ good controls+ nice graphics and character models+ the map is beautiful and very cool to explore+ towns with NPCs+ money and NPC vendors+ 3 major factions+ good character editor+ cool unique items+ mod support+ controller support (not quite working yet)+ character progression by doing stuff, shoot with bows to boost up bow stats+ you can unlock every engram by just doing certain tasksCons:- the game is buggy, dont wanna get into detail but theres a lot of stuff broken, its still playable, but not much enjoyable- the performance is terrible and I also think its locked at 30fps, at least Steam tells me max 30fps with a GTX 1080....- the balance is absolutely broken, spawn, go 2 steps out of town and get one hitted by a Panther level 122...why do these even spawn near town? Every animal spawn is random, you could boot up your very first game and immediately have to fight a flying dragon, which you cant defend since you have no ranged weapons....- food and water consumption is way too much at default option- some odd choices like with the Goblins, they can knock you out and steal every single item you have on you.....even your clothes and after waking up you cannot get your stuff back, as they will knock you out again real quick- you see the monsters level way too late, you have to stand right in their faces to even see if you could take them on- default respawn rate is way too high- the panthers are a serious problem, way too powerful and super unbalanced (made me quit playing)- there are way too many inconvenient choices, like having to change the spells for the staff constantly, the magic spell has weight in your backpack....magic spells can break down like armor and you have to repair them very frequently- NPCs arent really helpful, guards wont even defend their city at times- you get fixed quests to do right from the start (more like achievments or tutorials) but some of them are broken and cant be completed- there is always a huge texbox at the left side of the screen that cant be turned off- the weight system is ridiculous, you can almost never carry anthing with you, even your gear that you have on you is almost too much already! I spent all my points in weight and still was annoyed at how slow I always had to walk or couldnt carry anything- taming takes forever on default settings-loading times are a nightmare, in the time it loads you dont go grab a beer, you go and brew your own beerI dont regret buying it though, I think this game is going to be awesome if they work harder on it, but Im not recommending it right now at this point and wont thumb it up on promises and hopes."
,Not Recommended,529180,34429386,Posted: 22 August,all,Morty,"So far, with 70+ Hours in the game, i could say 60 of those hours were frustration and asians ruining the game with Glitches and abusing off line raiding as well as glitches and Huge groups of 20-50 of them ganging up on solo's and any other players, because dragons vs knives is fair, all the in game mechanics are basically broken, especially hit boxes, the loading screen takes forever to load and sometimes it'll just kick you back to the main screen, the framerate and stuttering is pretty bad tbh, for a title of this caliber... it should not have been released, every ''patch'' has been game breaking and not region locking servers really is killing it."
76561198373034639,Not Recommended,529180,34900150,Posted: 12 September,all,LordMaggo,Could be a great game but game is way too broke for new content to be added. please fix game first then add new content. Also too many servers. They keep adding servers when theres no need. Theres 172 US servers but not enough players to fill 10.
,Not Recommended,529180,34946364,Posted: 14 September,all,Clumsycat,"The game looks really good, BUT I CAN'T EVEN PLAY. I stuck on loading screen forever!!!"
76561198071255584,Not Recommended,529180,34620991,Posted: 30 August,all,Don Flamingo,"Congrats, you did it. You made a player who supported you actually hate your game @SnailGames. The game was fine, but every single patch they break everything, and nerf everything to the floor. We have 2 max lvl griffons that were both kibble tamed, and with the most recent patch they cant even defeat basic skeletons.. and with the most recent patch the skeletons and wraiths are INSANELY more common. I'm sick of losing tames to them falling into the ground, I'm sick of my items getting deleted, I'm sick of all of my items become more and more worthless each patch. To all that would say ""its early access"" go f*ck yourself, this is beyond early access problems. This game is destroying itself every patch, its getting worse not better."
76561197985899565,Recommended,529180,34057709,Posted: 6 August,all,redrumdrake,still fun with the bugs
,Recommended,529180,33871787,Posted: 28 July,all,Papa Sterben,Great game 10/10 the lengend27 approves this great♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198205410673,Not Recommended,529180,34945810,Posted: 14 September,all,Christos,Never waited so much to connect in a game..Not even in Ark.. DELETE
76561198081708262,Recommended,529180,33724396,Posted: 22 July,all,123,This game is amazing don't let the review bombing turn you off! if you like survival or rpg games you will love this have abrely sscratched the surface and already addicted!
,Recommended,529180,33726159,Posted: 22 July,all,Abduct3d,"Please ignore all the reviews of people who have played 30 mins of the game saying it's a bad game. The game is in EA so you can obviously expect bugs. I have been playing for a couple days now with some friends and the game has quite a bit of content for only being 30% done. The game has tons of potential to be a really great game.If you are brave, buy it and try it out for a bit and you can always refund it. (Might want to play singleplayer to begin with so you don't get trolls who kill you at spawn)If not wait a few months and check back on the game!"
76561198005673275,Recommended,529180,33726288,Posted: 22 July,all,123,"Its amazing to me that there were so many reviews hating on the game with less than an hour playtime. For an EA game this is well worth the money. Yes there are some ark UI assets but thats it. This is its own game. Myself and a bunch of friends and coworkers are having fun on an official server. Launch / server stability has been one of the best experiences i have seen, far better than conan exiles for example.  If you enjoy survival games, if you enjoyed ark, conan exiles, rust, etc. you WILL enjoy this game. Its also nice to see multiple patches and communication from the devs (Even if some is in broken english)."
,Not Recommended,529180,34809163,Posted: 7 September,all,Sewagefarmer,"Well id really like to recommend this game but i cant. I got nearly 60 hrs now and i think i have wasted 30% of the time trying to fix login issues. First i tried everything people did on the forums then i tried to contact the devs. Because i wasnt even able to open a new ticket due to login issues on their page (id like to send them my dxdiag i just cant it seems) a friend wrote to them. Good thing - The devs seem to care as we got a answer quite fast. Bad thing - They seem to have no clue either whats going on. But we did as they said, changed some settings and so on...nothing worked for me. I will rate up this game as soon this problem is fixed but i just cant recommend a game which i cant even play most of the time (today i tried 45mins.)"
76561197962682238,Recommended,529180,34711341,Posted: 3 September,all,[Immortals]Ryco Windstorm,"This is the first time I have left a review. The negative reviews regarding this game very nearly put me off buying it but im glad I stood strong and purchased it anyway.The game is essentially like ark but in a fantacy setting with swords, magic and mounts. I also like the fact you have factions that you can battle against.So if you like are but want a less ""tech"" and more fantacy genre then this game is perfect for you. p.s myself and my sons play actively on the EU Knight 55 server (we are elves) if you want to come and battle us (or fight with us) join this server.Ryco"
76561198121170245,Not Recommended,529180,34799126,Posted: 7 September,all,nichola,"i was incredibly eager to try out this game, however it keeps crashing and saying i need to update my drivers, its laggy and i looked into changing some setting to see if it was just on high specs but however i couldnt see any , such a shame as ive only just brought this from the store and i am unable to play :/"
76561198380383142,Recommended,529180,33720141,Posted: 22 July,all,GrimReaper,"Great game so far dont see whats up with all the negative reviews. Havnt encountered any bugs or glitches yet, no server lag, fps is smooth, gfx is good at high settings, servers have been stable.Only complaints are some of the monsters hitboxes are odd making it difficult to hit them consistently. A few quests dont update correctly as well. Horses that are purchased in town vanish after server restarts."
,Recommended,529180,33720157,Posted: 22 July,all,Judgement,"Its early access so bugs and server issues are expected., but they are rolling out updates all the time to attend the issues. I have only played for 2.7 h but i can tell so far that the game does have alots of potential. Although im a little dissappointed with the graphics. In the trailers the graphics were alot better. But i guess they will optimize graphics down the road. Good game and worth the money. Like it so far, and as i said, ive only played for a small amount of time. So there are alot more fun to discover wich i havent even touched."
,Recommended,529180,33753437,Posted: 23 July,all,GOHAB,Good game. The bad reviews are bad
,Recommended,529180,33738147,Posted: 23 July,all,A_B_O_A_L_I,منتازة
76561198262138215,Recommended,529180,33740125,Posted: 23 July,all,Tobywowie,Great game!
76561198024667679,Recommended,529180,33760341,Posted: 24 July,all,digo163,"ALRIGHT so the game is fun love the whole magic casting survival. but now the dislikes are that there is no map so you cant tell where you are or where your going or where your house you made is. second the bed and bed roles dont work you place it down and when you die you cant spwan in your home. also the spells shouldnt be items, they should be what they are and they are spells so you should be able to use them all then time unless your out of mana and should be used with out havind to switch to 5 different staffs and the way to unlock the skills is just weird you basicaly got to grind random mats until it unlocks a skill you need instead of being able to pic the skill you want to learn"
76561198033395447,Recommended,529180,33698262,Posted: 21 July,all,Clever28nj,"Sad to see so many don't understand the concept 'Early Access'... And as far as calling it a clone of Ark, well, if it has features and interface mechanics that resemble other survival/rpg games, I don't know why that would bother anyone. I like what I've seen thus far, and I'm hoping with many patches and content updates it becomes a pretty amazing/solid game... As far as the Ark people, why didn't they just watch a let's play/live stream on Youtube before buying/refunding just to trash a new product in its infancy?The world is beautiful, interaction could be improved, and obviously load-times need work, but all is easy to forgive when a game is luanched in an 'Early Access stage'... People need to stop buying games in early access if they expect a finished product rather than a product that needs tuning/work.I'm glad to test it and help make it better, and I am very much looking forward to seeing it expand and grow with future patches."
,Not Recommended,529180,33920380,Posted: 30 July,all,D9sinc,"I enjoy the concept, but I would wait for the future for updates to make the game run and load better. I cranked all settings to their lowest and still only got 20 fps out of town (in town it was 10=17) granted my build isn't the best, but still I get 90 FPS in ARK and except for other unoptimized EA games (or Wolfenstein TNO) I can get 60 FPS at 1080P with everything maxed out so I can only assume it's the Shooter Engine (That's what I call the ARK engine) that's causing the game to be EXTREMELY unoptimized and honestly they need to fix loading times in the game since I feel it's stupid since I spent 43 minutes with the game before requesting my refund and only 10 minutes of that was spent playing.So TL;DR Wait until they get a bit more updates (and content) and a good sale and I'll recommend the game. Until then as someone who enjoys Ark I say wait."
76561198004819529,Recommended,529180,33698296,Posted: 21 July,all,The Crimson King,Amazing game so far cant wait for the full release! and my new Graphics card.. Keep up the good work!
76561197970546848,Recommended,529180,33737626,Posted: 22 July,all,sfpup,"Decent enough, once you get past Flappy the Dragon who seems to be on his way to a vomiting Pacman."
,Recommended,529180,33753258,Posted: 23 July,all,isRyan,"The game has some issues, but I absolutely love it and it has fantastic potential. Just my 2 cents"
76561198002568005,Recommended,529180,33911533,Posted: 30 July,all,xxxHondaSK,"Very poor character customization.All faces look same whatever you do you cant change.No age changing, nothing.Why i cant look like the fat butcher instead i look like Ken from Barbie.Ok its early acces.Graphics are very nice.Game mechanics too.I think when they work on deeper character customisation like Age, and Face then its ok.I still recomend the game for that money"
76561198018865082,Recommended,529180,33730016,Posted: 22 July,all,Goarin,Good game
,Recommended,529180,33714039,Posted: 21 July,all,Daimo_,"This game is not a great game ""yet""This game is not optimized ""yet""This game is not playable much ""yet""This game I will support however during EARLY ACCESS as I did with Ark to see it be something great."
76561198237595060,Recommended,529180,33714111,Posted: 21 July,all,maxkillers44,"Great game, great keybinding, geat tutorials, easy to get into, great scenery (specially the graphics, BEAUTIFUL) I like how it makes it realistic at night game and makes it hard to see just like real life when its dark, though the cons are that it has an annoying chat box, ive heard it has an auto hide feature but when e.g. i try go into my inventory it doesn't go away, it hovers over my items and it's really annoying, I wish i could make some off the interface go away, specially the flashing you've levelled, like ik i lvled, i just dont care bout putting a skill up, aside from the interface needing a tweek or 2 (i understand its early access) its a great game, but the main thing i would love to see is the chat box going away when ur in ur interface, and for you to select what time off day you want, that be great!"
76561198005692792,Recommended,529180,33712227,Posted: 21 July,all,the_Divinity,Yes its early access...  But I for one think there is a solid base and am excited to help support its growth.
76561198071180953,Recommended,529180,35181361,Posted: 24 September,all,Zeridius,All around fun game. always somthing to do. always somthing stronger to kill you harder.
76561198042455631,Recommended,529180,35343444,Posted: 30 September,all,kfv777,"I really don't know why there are so many bad reviews. There are some bugs, true, but game is great. If you like Ark and RPG, you really can't miss it. The only things that I could put as negative are that there are really low populated private servers for my region (South America) and that almost all the map is filled with kodos+griffins+vrocks+wyverns+earth elementals. But I am confident that whit more updates that will be solved eventually. They are releasing updates at a faster pace than Ark, and the ones that knows Ark they should know they are very frequent."
76561198034345218,Recommended,529180,35302028,Posted: 29 September,all,Lunartech,"The game is still in early access, so expect some bugs missing features, but for what it is I found myself enjoying the game. After few patches this game will be up there with games like ARK, Rust.... etc. Get the game now and just start enjoying the game for what it is at this time, a hot magical mess,"
,Recommended,529180,35319926,Posted: 29 September,all,ChrisGaming91,"Early Review!Graphics: 7Gameplay: 5Optimization/Stability: 6Game is in early access so ill give it a chance to grow, the game definitely has potental just like ARK: Survival Evolved did.The game has so much potential but needs to build its self in a way to stand out from the other games like it!!-Starting is graphics seem sub par honestly i feel they could be better and probably will be they definitely need to be optimized more, the world should probably be brighter or more viberant.-Gameplay also seems lacking for the most part combat is clunky and glitchy, spells have a durability which kinda throws me off id rather see so better mana system and spells use mana instead once learned. Melee combat is sluggish and glitchy cause you to miss or get hit when not near a target. Ranged combat could use a bit of tweaking, in my opinion could use a decent overhual.-Building is standard grid placement with your generic building tiers similar to ARK: Survival Evolved and Rust, they do have some interesting new workbenches you can use.-Crafting/Recipe system is done well actually i like the fact that instead of learning recipes using points i have to use/perform actions in a set of professions to advance it which is very nice, crafting is easy and follows the a pretty generic path, although i would like to see some automation on the metal forging side.-Leveling is done very simply you have two different kind of stats and when you level you get a point for each one, one aspect controlling health, damage, stamina, the other controlling the survival aspects, carry weight, food, thrist, energy."
76561198006578053,Not Recommended,529180,35466518,Posted: 4 October,all,Chad Kroeger,Has potential but the empty servers make it pointless. Just like Cragle at work the servers have nothin. If Sir Davos was in the game he would say it's Foocked.
,Not Recommended,529180,34948837,Posted: 14 September,all,LVL 3 MAGE,♥♥♥♥♥game that i cant even play anymore it just keeps kicking me out of the loading screen wich takes 30 minutes to just load to loading the barplease patch this and fix the damn game
,Recommended,529180,33843996,Posted: 27 July,all,Xariot,"The game is awesome, it just needs some serious performance and loading optimizations.  Honestly, I liked Ark, so the fact that it is so similar is a non issue to me.  I think it builds upon what was good in Ark and adds a lot of new things that are much more interesting and just plain better.  The fantasy world setting, the skill system, NPCS, currency, MAGIC!  Awesome.  My biggest gripe with the game is the loading times and the terrible performance.The only caveat with my recommendation is don't buy the game expecting it to run well on anything lower than the recommended specs listed on the store page, at least for now.  Lowering the graphics settings makes no difference, even the lowest possible settings (sm4/d3d10 options included) makes little to no difference on my system it's clearly an optimization issue.If they fix the performance it will be an amazing game.My Specs:CPU: AMD FX-8370 4.1GHzGPU: Gigabyte GTX 960 G1 Gaming 2GB edition core - 1151MHz / mem - 1752MHzRAM: G.Skill 16GB 1600MHz DDR3"
,Not Recommended,529180,34116566,Posted: 8 August,all,KOB Matt,Not for the casual gamer. Must have decent PC in order to play or be prepared to crash and watch load screens longer than actually enjoying the game. However it does seem fun.
76561198019757361,Recommended,529180,33681556,Posted: 20 July,all,haydenchris,"Very clearly an EA game which is no surprise as its you know.....EA. Clearly review bombed by people who brought a fantasy Ark style game who are somehow surprised that the fantasy Ark style game they brought is like Ark. Lots of potential, many rough edges at the moment which is to be expected. Will no doubt prove to be well worth the £20."
,Recommended,529180,33686513,Posted: 20 July,all,***JOY.CESAR,"have potential in it , a little bit too much like ark but whit really good update ...yeah it can become good"
,Recommended,529180,33686532,Posted: 20 July,all,Sephiroth,great so far just scratching the surface of what this game holds
,Recommended,529180,33718749,Posted: 22 July,all,Ghaiana,"I like this better than the Ark setting, elves, dwarves and humans. It comes closer to a MMORPG, which is my preferred game genre. Lots of work still to do, we haven't managed to get a private server running yet, but this game looks promising anyway. Considering the low price of 23 euro, I would give it a go."
,Recommended,529180,34026537,Posted: 4 August,all,LuckyTRG,Great game. still in early access alpha. i think it is better than ark in many ways. i am excited to see what they will be adding into the future. they have already done patches fixing many problems in the game. very good fantasy game.
76561198110832448,Recommended,529180,34028223,Posted: 4 August,all,Neefert,"this is a good game, yes it is early access, so it does have things that need to be fixed, but that comes in time. i hated ark, but i actually like this game."
,Recommended,529180,34031381,Posted: 4 August,all,PrimArkDragon,Great job so far for EA this is great
76561198028745316,Recommended,529180,34031495,Posted: 4 August,all,jojobe,"Pro1. Immersive atmosphere.2. crafting.3. magic spells4. lots of beast that you can tame and ride5. You can build a house.cons.1. the servers are confusing and hard to tell which are PVP or PVE2. Everytihng decays fast i.e player stats,  crafted item in the game world. Your foever hunting for resources.3. Currently there are a lot of holes,that players have taken advatage of already. There are even people maxed in level.4. Homes everywhere. Im glad to see players homes. But they should be guild homes in an confined area alotted for about 20 people or so. There are so many homes that you start to lose  immersion factor. Its not uncommon to see monster stuck trying to get beyond home steads.5. The game is one big grind that is all. NO other content released as of yet.The game could have been thought out better. IN  the PVP area it should be faction bases PVP elve, humans, dwarves. Right now its just one big kill all and lots of griefing. PVP to me is players fighting players in open combat not your out farming and a level 60 comes along kills you and takes your stuff. To me this game is one you have to sit on the self for awhile. In faction fighting should not be allowed unless challenged because of griefing players. It would be awesome if they followed guild war style combat."
76561198057115337,Recommended,529180,34705539,Posted: 3 September,all,Ch3micalh4zard,"rtm... its unbalanced and overly grindy the monsters will kick your♥♥♥♥♥and you will die alot,thats fine, used to it but when the monster is 20 ""levels"" lower than you, you should atleast have a fighting chance... but hopefully with patches and good developement it will get fixed"
76561198027369851,Recommended,529180,34711258,Posted: 3 September,all,Meludan,"Game is very fun, i always seem them post updates. game is in early access, so you will need to give them some times if you get bad FPS."
,Recommended,529180,33953751,Posted: 1 August,all,Dewps,This game is great. I would suggest it for anyone into the Ark style genre with a bit of magic added in.
,Recommended,529180,33956761,Posted: 1 August,all,Lucaboox,Thought it would be♥♥♥♥♥♥ was wrong it is gud.
,Recommended,529180,33953305,Posted: 1 August,all,Armitage,"Dark and Light: the Ark Total ConversionI want to preface this by saying, yes, DnL is very remeniscient of Ark. You could be excused for thinking this game looks kind of like a total conversion for Ark. And for good reason. Studio Wildcard, the developers of Ark were aquired by Snail Games, the developers of DnL, back in December 2015. So they've had access to the proprietary Unreal Engine dev kit used for Ark, and are using that to develop DnL. So, all the millenials that are crying ""ARK CLONE"" kind of missed the news I guess. Anyway, it's all but impossible to look at this game objectively because of it's parallels to Ark. So I'm not going to try, I'm just going to embrace it.It Runs Like a Dog with One LegDnL is pretty much where Ark was when it came out on EA 2 years ago. It runs like a dog. I get around 20-25 FPS with my current rig, which isn't a slouch, but is by no means a beast either (I run Ark now at 45-60 FPS). But let's not forget, this is an early access title, and in a little over 2 years, could possibly be where Ark is today performance wise (which by no means says a lot, because Ark still needs a lot of work done in the optimisation department).Spells, Weapons and CombatThis is probably the weakest area in the game so far (besides it's optimisation). Combat is painful. Ranged combat (bows/crossbows) is woefully inadequate. Bow and crossbow hit for the same damage, regardless of player level. There are various elemental/magic arrows, but I'm yet to try them because they are incredibly expensive to make, and going by how much better iron hook arrows are over stone hook arrows (the arrows used to tame animals), I doubt they will be worth the time or effort spent harvesting the required ingredients (you'd probably use way more resources than you could get using these arrows).Melee is extremely clunky due to the lack of a first person perspective option. You are locked into over the shoulder chase cam, and this makes it difficult to aim melee attacks. Also, the alternative attacks for weapons seem to go in random directions most of the time, and if you're weilding a shield, you can't do the alt attacks at all because shield blocking is bound to the same mouse button as alt attack. This could be by design though, for balance.Now we got to spell casting. This is all but completely inviable as a combat option outside of very, very special occasions. The resource pools, and there are multiple, make it totally prohibitive. This may be an active design choice by the devs to make magic combat something really special, but it just feels like the time and resource investment isn't at all worth the payoff. For the amount of rersouces required to cast spells, they feel underpowered to the point if uselessness.There's 2 types of magic in DnL. One is a consumable system. You craft X amounts of a particular spell, like a Rune of Light, and you get 1 use of that spell for each crafted item. These use no mana, and are basically a one shot cast. Pretty much like potions. Nice and simple, works perfectly well.The other is a complex system of mana, focus and durability, and requires the use of a staff.This magic has 3 resource pools (it's arguable you could say 4, but I'll explain that later).Pool 1: Crafting/Repair CostFirst, you have the spell stones/scrolls/whatever they are (let's call them scrolls, because they look like pieces of paper). These need to be crafted, and higher level spells require a special crafting structure (magical work bench). They also have a durability, the higher the spell the lower that durability pool is. They need to be equipped in a special spell slot in your character sheet, and only one spell can be equipped at a time. Each time the spell is cast, the scroll loses a point of durability. Spell scrolls can be repaired, lower level ones in your inventory, higher level ones need to be placed in the magical work bench.Pool 2: Mana CostWhen cast, they also consume some of your mana. You need downtime to replinish this, at the cost of focus.Pool 3: Focus CostThey also cost some focus, because mana is replinished from your focus pool. This can be replenished by consuming flowers, focus potions or by sleeping in a bedroll/bed.The possible 4th pool I mentioned is the fact you really need to carry a large number of the same spell around with you so that when one breaks you have a backups in your inventory. So your inventory serves as the resource pool, as it's finite based on weight.Each casting of a spell also reduces the durability of your staff, tying it into the first resource pool.All this makes magic an extremely clunky and resource intensive system, not to mention the juggling act you need to do to keep your spell slot equipped with spells.The entire conbat system needs to be rebalanced/overhauled.Red FlagsLet's get to the meat of the issue though. I've noticed a number of red flags.1) Lots of legacy stuff from Ark still exists in DnL.For example, you can still find in the keybind options the ability to bind a ""Defacate"" key, even though there's no pooping in DnL.(legacy keybinds have since been removed) As a matter of fact, the entire settings system, both in-game and the .ini files are basically lifted straight from Ark.2) Lots of misinformation within the game itself. Like animals being named differently to their bestiary entries. In fact, the vast majority of the creature in the game don't match even the names given in the bestiary. There's other issues with items having misinformation in their descriptions too.3) Bucket loads of ""chinglish"". So much badly translated text.All these can realistically be forgiven, after all the game is in early access, and has only been out for a little under 2 weeks at the time of writing this. So only time will tell really.Pros and ConsPros:Massive world. Much like Ark's 'The Island' map, only this looks quite a bit larger.Creature variety. There's over 150 creatures.Detailed character customisation. Uses the same sytem as Ark.Indepth and interesting progression system.New spin on taming creatures.Some interesting AI. If a goblin knocks you out, they have a tendancy to steal your stuff. It's hilarious.Cons:Runs bad. Suffers from the same lack of optimisation as Ark did on it's release.Full of bad translations.NO first person perspective for charavters, and only on a mount if you switch in the options menu, no hotkey/mouse wheel zoom option.Lacks a lot of in-game documentation, leaving players to try to muddle through the game.Building system is a little flakey, much like Arks, but for different reasons. (eg. foundations are too low in the ground, making it hard to build large structures with them, meaning you have to resort to using pillars, which unlock much later than foundations)Magic system has 3 (arguably 4) resource pools.Melee combat is made more difficult than it needs to be because of the lack of first person view and clunky aiming overall.tl;drIf you're not a physically or mentally 12 year old child with massive entitlement issues, you can probably get some enjoyment out of this game. I've still had quite a bit of fun playing it despite it's issues, and for it's price point, you do get a lot of game, so I can definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,529180,33983199,Posted: 2 August,all,TheAngryWaffle,If you like Ark you will like this game personaly I like this game better than Ark the only thing I dont like about this game is that it is not optimized yet so its a bit lagy for me but once they fix that this game will be much better.
,Not Recommended,529180,34075948,Posted: 6 August,all,Grendel,"After sinking seven and a half hours into this game, I've come to the firm decision that it is completely unworth the price being asked. To go into specifics; the game is a carbon copy of ARK, roughly during the first release of the game. Having run over the two hour refund point, I decided to pry deeper to determine the game's worth and found it severely lacking.It's as if the developers were handed an early build of ARK and were told to iterate upon it; everything from the ground up is so akin to ARK that it's beyond uncanny. The art assets, animations, models, gameplay and systems almost entirely stem from ARK: Survival Evolved. That being said, it's not just a fantasy/magical reskin of ARK, it's a poorly done one at that. The game itself has not benefitted from the countless patches that it's progenitor has, representing several steps back in game development. The only differences I can see between this game and ARK are the following;The levelling system has been changed slightly, where ARK rewards levelups with statistic increases and experience points to spend on Engrams (Schematics), this game offers statistic increases and a passive levelling system to unlock crafting recipes; examples being that to unlock Fire magic the game recommends you harvest magic stones from the environment, harvest/kill Fire Elementals and similar creatures and other tasks. Some of these specific progression trees have bizarre suggestions; the Air Magic tree progresses every time you harvest Fur from an animal, for example.The game features slightly tweaked models of standard creatures; additional features modelled onto the existing animals are the norm, such as Panthers having strange facial spikes and other adornments, with little other changes. I will note that there are a very few limited models such as the Spectral Reapers and Skeletons that to my knowledge don't exist in ARK, being one of the few examples of original content in this game outside of the admittedly well made architecture features in the NPC townships.While ARK has an appreciable grasp on the English language, Dark and Light has a strangely inconsistent one; certain animal profiles or in-game tasks feature well written and knowledgable usage of English, while other lesser noticed aspects such as load screen tips or obscure dialogue features very broken language that doesn't seem to understand the basic structure of English sentences; likely a result of a foreign development team having a professional translator provide their services infrequently. While I'm not against localization/translation, in this case they've left a large amount of dialogue seen through the game in it's unaltered and barely translatable state.Finally, Dark and Light's sole redeeming feature that ARK does not have (at least, not when I played it last, over a month previous) is a directional dodging mechanic which makes the combat feel slightly more engaging and active, though ultimately coming quite short. Certain enemies become trivial to defeat at the lowest levels by simply dodging backwards when they start their windup attacks, while others such as Panthers are simply too quick for the dodge to do anything. However, the difficulty in these fights is simply running away and leading them to the radically overlevelled guards nearby which will gladly kill anything too troublesome for a player, allowing them to loot the corpse with impunity.TL;DR - ARK: Survival Evolved clone with very little original content, back from a month after ARK was released and in a similarly poor state of bugs and content. The only way I could possibly recommend this game is if someone has never, ever touched ARK and wanted to try it, which would negate the rapid onset of ""boring, done it already"" mindset that comes with this game. Even then, I'd simply recommend one of it's competitors, such as Citadel: Forged With Fire. Save your money, just buy ARK or something else. Even if this game manages to ever leave the shadow of it's source, it feels too derivative to be worth playing."
76561198203393812,Recommended,529180,33780193,Posted: 24 July,all,Nara,the game is great alot of fun i enjoy it but it needs optimization super badly having low fps is expected for an early access game iv been playing with around a max of 10fps and still enjoying my self.
,Not Recommended,529180,33906048,Posted: 30 July,all,lolxero,"I got this game by selling gear from PUBG so I am not out really any money, but I just cant recommend this game to anyone in its current state. It has a great base and if they work out the TONS of bugs it has, it could be a good game. The loading times are not as bad are people are saying, at least for me, takes about 3 min to get in the game. However, when I am in game, I get around 20fps most the time, and I have well above the recomended specs for playing. Also, I kept getting kicked from the game every 10-15 mins. I know this is early access and all, but this is not what they promoted in their videos... I will update my review in the future if any of this changes."
,Not Recommended,529180,33687087,Posted: 20 July,all,Gatau,changed to positive because they are trying... even though they are failing over and over...
76561198000781920,Not Recommended,529180,34861348,Posted: 10 September,all,Neotronis,"Do not reccommend this game yet as it is so far from finished that there is no real point of the game other than gather resources and build houses. The animations are poor, responsiveness is terrible and lag is horrendous, Wait until they get closer to a possible release is my advice.Oh and hopefully they fix that awful initial loading screen that really just makes the game look so much worse.."
,Not Recommended,529180,34871698,Posted: 10 September,all,pixeltender,Lag... but would buy again for $15 (overpriced were it's at)
,Not Recommended,529180,34875531,Posted: 10 September,all,Monolisk,"Server issues aside its a great and beautiful game, however the server issues are painful, extremely long load times to get into the server in the first time and if the server is at all populated then you'll experience some lag and rubberbanding but the most frustrating part is the inability to gather resources, just keep smacking the tree and maybe you'll get something, maybe you wont.also more recently every time i try to log into the server that my main character is on i wait the insanely long load time just to be staring at a black screen, if i hit escape i still see a black screen but a mouse shows up and eventually it sends me back to the games starting screen.hopefully they fix the the many issues and i can get back to enjoying this game which is what i want to do but until then i'll continue being dissapointed that this game is nowhere near as far along as the people following it for the last year have been led to believe."
76561198408476817,Not Recommended,529180,34892544,Posted: 11 September,all,Jordnik,"Dark and Light has the potential to be great, but it's not quite there yet. I have put about 30+ hours into the game, and while I have enjoyed most of the time I have played, as the game is now I do not recommend it. Below are the biggest negatives I have found while playing.For starters, the lag. It's horrendous at times. You'll be walking one minute and the next you'll be slingshotted back to where you started. When I first started playing, the lag was absolutely terrible to where gathering materials was a pain, and you couldn't hit a target to save your life. It has since improved, however it definitely needs addressed some more.Same goes for the snapping points for building. I cannot convey the amount of annoyance I feel when I have this idea for a house in my head and I cannot build it because the wall keeps snapping onto a random part that I'm not even looking towards.Then there's the official servers.  I can't find a server where I feel safe enough to log off for a day. The other players on my server are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and destroy the house and kill the tames I've been working so hard on. It is terribly frustrating to log on to ""so and so killed you"". Like, cool. Glad I wasted hours of my life gathering materials to build a home, tame mounts, and craft all of these items only for some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to log on and wreck my life. Great. Just logged on today to find that my entire house, all of my items, and my mounts are gone. Not sure if it was a server wipe after the latest patch, or someone was bored and decided to ruin my day.Pretty much every enemy is OP. I made the unfortunate mistake of building my house a little too close to where reapers and skeletons spawn. They can literally kill you in 1-3 hits, no matter their level. Imagine being a low level and running into one of those, because on my server they spawn right outside of the elven city.  It's not fun. In fact, pretty much every enemy that you can agro is OP. A month ago, I was killing level 100s, no problem. Now, a level 80 panther can kill me in 1 hit. Power levels need to be changed back to how they were before.Like I said, for the most part, I have enjoyed this game. However, there are still many things that I would like to see change/improve before I would recommend this game to others. I don't discourage anyone from playing by any means, that was not the intention of my review. The above are mearly the negatives that I have found in the game to hinder my experience in the Dark and Light world."
76561198061568101,Recommended,529180,34891643,Posted: 11 September,all,Rambo,Imagine Ark with magic and alot more fun♥♥♥♥♥
76561197969265162,Recommended,529180,34006538,Posted: 3 August,all,Kryptic,Good Stuff.
76561198155772621,Recommended,529180,33979894,Posted: 2 August,all,c.odonoghue,whats with the ♥♥♥♥ing 45 minute load time for it to then blink...and show me a load bar at 0% and then you have to wait for that to load too?????? come on guys there arent that many textures in the ♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,529180,33793372,Posted: 25 July,all,Fostil,"Why I like this game more than ARk? Simple. This game has much more apealing atmosphere. Phantasy settings works much better, then some scifi non sense. It reminds me of The Elder Scrolls. Its a sandbox in a Skyrim setting. Love it!"
76561197993794588,Recommended,529180,33793481,Posted: 25 July,all,Halnite,"For a EA game this is awesome, glad the bad reviews didnt stop me."
,Recommended,529180,33793621,Posted: 25 July,all,Blue Wizard,I really enjoy the gameplay its more fun with just a couple friends but even solo much can be done.
,Recommended,529180,33798648,Posted: 25 July,all,Mr Sparkle,"The more I play the more I am interested. You just keep on trucking and unlocking more and more things. This game definitly has me interested to keep exploring. Yes it has bugs, and yes sometimes they can be very frusterating sometimes. But overall, It draws me back to want to learn more each play."
76561198076689798,Recommended,529180,34080552,Posted: 7 August,all,QuickSilverVx,"great game keep in mind (early access) many issues, but the devs are working hard, and smart if you ask me. doing preformance patches first (so far) before more content (adding light content, but seems to be more on bugs and fixes) good warning on patch releases (to avoid data loss) as well as community rewards/challenges, and best of all it seems they are listening to the people (always a plus). love the game overall. i have 1k hours on ark, and i plan on having many more on here."
76561198092074113,Recommended,529180,34082633,Posted: 7 August,all,Lidl One,"LIke arc, but the focus is more on the player then the tame."
76561197960910933,Recommended,529180,33929310,Posted: 31 July,all,[Gobs] Qortac,This game will be THE GAME and it gets closer to it by every patch!
,Not Recommended,529180,34097966,Posted: 8 August,all,Underscore,There is both dark and light to this game.The light: it's a cool concept.The dark: it's poorly executed.I do not recommend this game in it's current state. Find a different early access game to play if you want to participate in the development of a game. This one does not appear to have a light at the end of it's tunnel. These are dark times for early access games.Buyer beware.
,Recommended,529180,33941942,Posted: 31 July,all,$LUFFY$,Its fun
76561198081265716,Not Recommended,529180,33999135,Posted: 3 August,all,whitehairmaiden,I understand that this is early access.... but it is bloody awful... The only viable spec is range attacker Spells and arrow.The developers also have implemented close combat... which you would have thought would be a simple matter. But it is fundamentally broken. There is no reason to play this game if you like to be close combat. Combat does not register or if is does its after 10 to 20 hits. By that time your character is half dead and your armor needs fixing after 1 or 2 battle. Dear developers. whats is the point? you might have just left out all the axe and the sword and just say this is a range attacking game and go play some pokemon which again can only be done with a range weapon.Player housing is currently stupid to the point of complete utter useless... I mean it take a low level with a sword or mace about a couple of hits to break down a door.... what is the point in trying to secure you base if a player just needs a sword to demolish your whole house when you are offline.Oh yeah thats right. Unlike ark where your property is protected... this one offers no protection and basically if you are offline long enough. A player with a basic weapon can come loot away like in the fun fair and also pretty much break your whole base... and this is with a house that is made from stone. Yea not the highest lvl but  should be strong enough to withstand a basic weapon right? flawed again.  There is no means of defending your house atm.. there is a magic turrent which may tickle you enemies... literally the dmg is that bad that there is no point.The game is only 30% complete but there are serious issue in this game. I still cannot get my head around the fact that arrors and magic hits 100% of the time but come close combat you are unable to make it work even 20% of the time...Just this point is pretty much enough to push me back to ark or even a MOBA just to release the frustration of the lack of attention to close combat.... nothing registers. Server lags. Constant rubber banding.I would recommend revisiting at a later stage but if you like all the above. Do buy the game and support he developers. Great concept just a long way to go......
76561198028158131,Not Recommended,529180,33983590,Posted: 2 August,all,grampurtle,"Easily one of the most frustrating and least rewarding Early Access title I've ever played..Between the absolutely unacceptable amount of server desync and poor optimization this game is near unplayable on official and unofficial servers. It's alright in singleplayer, but then what's the point?There's little to differ this game from most of the other garbage EA survival games, even less so when the devs won't address the fact that every NPC, (the only way to buy/sell and emulate a market system) in every starter town, on nearly every server is DEAD thanks to players easily killing them.The way building/crafting works is really a no-fun system. You don't get basic necessities like beds through 'crafting and doing' really, rather you're whacking trees/rocks trying to level up over and over to be given the chance to START unlocking that schema you want. In the first 20 levels (~8hrs) you won't have any real form of security and will be forced to accept your items being wiped every day you come back online.On top of that there is literally 0 polish on this game. I'm aware ""EARLY ACCESS"" gives a few excuses, but it seriously needs a face-lift on just about everything; the UI, translations, animations, and don't even get me started on how ♥♥♥♥ing terrible the sound design is in this game.I really can't believe the Beta testing for this game was delayed since November for the sake of ""polishing the game"" and this is what became of it.TL;DRIt's trash. Do not buy unless by some miracle Snail actually gets to work on really finishing this title."
76561198141470122,Not Recommended,529180,33996726,Posted: 3 August,all,*AerosmithTyson6*,"As it stands currently, I cannot recommend this game to anybody that doesn't have the best best gaming rig available. It's poorly optimized, I haven't even gotten a chance to play an actual game. That's right, the time that I currently have is nothing but time spent waiting in a god awful loading screen with no end. The game didn't even load for me. Terrible alpha. I hope the full release isn't like this."
,Not Recommended,529180,33993864,Posted: 3 August,all,Rynea,"While the game itself is from a content and gameplay mechanic perspective quite nice and gives a nice touch to an ark like experience with some additional features that are more in line with an RPG feel in a fantasy setting, sadly it falls flat due to its current technical issues.The biggest fun about these games is the multiplayer aspect of building something together with friends or even strangers. With severe lag, desyncing and overall performance issues everything beyond single player gives drastic issues. Harvesting ressources is delayed by up to 3 seconds, with some swings of your tools simply never making it through, combat suffers from the same delay along with teleporting mobs and rubber banding players all over the place, even with just 2 or 3 players online.As such in it's current state I cannot recommend it. Once they fix the innate flaws of actually playing together I will review this again. Give it some more time before buying right away."
76561198125925193,Recommended,529180,34091668,Posted: 7 August,all,Dwellewd,"This game was just released.  There are going to be bugs and bad optimization, and official servers are going to be garbage, for quite some time.  Play single player or private server for the unforseeable future.The idea, mechanics, theme, music, etc.. are top notch and this should be a decent game if continued.  I will edit this review later if progress declines.  What I am looking for is at least decent performance on single player or private servers, within 6 months of this review.For those that are running GTX-700 series gen cards or lower... expect low settings for at least a year.... that is just how it goes.  If you want something better, upgrade PC or stop complaining and pointing out the obvious elephant in the room.6 months for single player decent performance is my personal timeline, and I will update review.  In the meantime, it is as expected."
76561198023993762,Recommended,529180,34094918,Posted: 7 August,all,BaronVonSlapNuts,"A really solid core concept that needs some work in the optimization department.  Similar to the struggles ARK went through at launch.As you should expect in an Alpha there are bugs, glitches, placeholders, and poorly translated text.But unlike a lot of other Early Access titles this one receives frequent updates and very frequent communication from the devteam.  Many of the more annoying issues from launch have already been patched, and the communications from the Devs indicate the rest will be fixed soon.The visuals are amazing if your rig can support the current settings.  The levelling system may be somewhat similar to ARK's Engram system, but changes the format which makes getting XP and unlocking new skills and blueprints a lot of fun.The taming aspect is a lot of fun, and the creature selection is pretty amazing.Combat needs a little work.  I'm not sure if it's client-server connectivity or what, but occasionally you get some combat lag.  The magic system is a lot of fun.  Blasting things with fireballs will never get old.This game is like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ lovechild of ARK, an MMO, and LIF:YO.Get it.  It's already a lot of fun to play and it's going to get SO much better."
76561198030900398,Not Recommended,529180,34089554,Posted: 7 August,all,The Noob,"Someone had a great idea : let's take Ark, give it a better UI and make set it in a magic realm instead of mix of dinosaurs and magic.Then someone thought it would be a good idea to give the task of writing the texts in English to people who don't know English, take the bugs that were solved in Ark a year or more ago, and introduce many more. The game plays way worse than Ark did 3 years ago. If you're wondering why I'm using Ark as comparison it's because DnL is basically a reskin with some mechanics changed.If you think Ark was grindfest wait until you have to deal with melee desync bug, where you can try to harvest a tree for over a minute to no effect. You can't effectively use your tames to fight, because every time you're in a fight, you lag the hell out and can't hit anything.On top of that it seems that the person/people who did the map worked with Unreal Engine for the first time in their lives, resulting in a map that has no visual clues about which slope you can climb and which not.The game is in alpha and it's normal to have some bugs, but it's not really acceptable that something touching a core gameplay feature like harvesting and fighting remains broken for THAT long.My advice - don't be like me, wait until it's more evident that it's not just a cash grab reskin done by offshore teams."
76561198398344332,Not Recommended,529180,34090391,Posted: 7 August,all,CajunKing,i cant even play the game.  just one long loading screen. ive sent an email. hopefully i hear back soon. im playing single play so i should not have this issue. game looks awesome on youtube but i wouldnt know.....
76561198005098146,Recommended,529180,33951936,Posted: 1 August,all,Satan,"Great game, as someone with 2k ark hours and 1k conan, this game will be the next gold standard for these types of games. my entire tribe played cidatel is game over to this game."
,Recommended,529180,33938660,Posted: 31 July,all,Kanita,"The game is surprisingly very fun and enjoyable. The graphics are great. The game is Early Access though, so don't be frustrated if you see some pretty hilarious bugs. Overall very good game for Early Access. The developers seems to consistently patch, so that's good."
,Recommended,529180,34005748,Posted: 3 August,all,Rajjin,"Beautiful Enviroment. Think this game has big potential, devs seem openly communicating with their players."
,Recommended,529180,34006139,Posted: 3 August,all,Madjokerz,"Best game at this point, endless content, amazing pvp, yes a few bugs, three big patchs in less than two weeks, everyone needs to at least try this game, its hard, its suppose to be hard, 10/10"
76561198263760474,Recommended,529180,34026547,Posted: 4 August,all,Brizzo77,"I most certainly recommend this game, even though there are flaws. It's early access folks, it will get better. The bad: Certain spots of the map are almost unplayable due to FPS drops, several spots of terrain need fixed. You will get stuck, your tames will get stuck, you will lose your stuff until it's fixed. The good: EVERYTHING. Buy it. Enjoy it. Don't ♥♥♥♥♥ about it."
,Recommended,529180,34027913,Posted: 4 August,all,PheZ | Stl_,"Very well made game.Has a lot of differences than Ark, its not an Ark clone, it has some things from Ark, but its awesome.Switching between Ark and DNL I like the Graphics in DNL alot more.The game runs very smooth in singleplayer, some harvesting lag in multi, but its expected with a game 30% done.The game is very fun, the communitys are awesome, even in Pvp, people help each other, it really reminds me or the early days of Ark where the whole community where working together to learn the game, and its just like that in DNL.The game also has only one map currently, but the map is huge, and when I mean huge, I mean huge, the map is awesome and beutiful.(please dont turn the grassland into a swamp, cause I lived in a simular area in Ark and it turned into a swamp)But also the game has a lot of interesting armor sets. Some increase your carrying compacity and some make you faster or make you have more resist to certain enemys.Overall the game is amaaaaazing, I took time to finally write a review, because I wanted to get the full experiance, before recommending it, but before getting to level 10 I wanted to recommend it.The games amazingCan't wait for future updates, with new enemys, spells, etcIf Addon was dropped today for $20 I'd get it ASAP thats how good the game is."
76561197984924345,Recommended,529180,34036995,Posted: 5 August,all,Newo,"I Originally got Citadel and was originally goin to stick with it over Dark and light due to the reviews. played 10 ish hours in when i reallised that there was nothing to do, so thought why not, i'll give DnL a go.Well am i glad i booted DnL up. I am now 14 hours in and at lvl 13 and have bearly scratched the surface. Despite the at times frustrating issues such as enemy hit detection and sporadic gathering I have to say this is quite enjoyable.Am playing on PVE for now but will start a fresh on PVP when A) am more familiar and B) the game is further along in development.CURRENT BUILD PROS- Interesting levelling system that reminds me of Oblivion- Enjoyable Crafting Mechanics- Base Building- As frustrating as it was to start, the charactor progression gives you a feeling of accomplishment- 12 hourly event that has meteors reign down from the sky giving a chance of rare loot from both the meteors and monsters gaurding it (adds an addition feeling of a living world)- Tamable beasts that not only can some be ridden but each have usefullness with both gathering abilities and also crafting abilities (not to mention a fun taming mechanic where you need to harpoon and tie down the beast)- beautiful world- great ideas for magic such as the ability to summon a fairy as a light source, a magical map, contracts to bind goblins and a heap more- Crop farming- Towns with NPC and shops (needs to be patched as people kill them)CURRENT BUILDS CONS- NPCs are more often than not dead as well some people just want to watch the world burn and NPC currently do not spawn without server reset (this is soon to be patched- Current hit enemy detection and can attrocious (This has been noted as top priority and is to be implemented in the next majour patch)- Gathering can be at times bugged causing you to not get anything (this can be worked around by only holding the mouse button in when it registers the gathering, just click manually until it does)"
,Recommended,529180,34045944,Posted: 5 August,all,DaveThePsycho,Very nice game immersive environments and great graphics! not optimized right now but still viable give it a little time and this will be a top seller.
76561197991309282,Recommended,529180,34707978,Posted: 3 September,all,Burnout_3,"Greate game, it's som bugs and problems but it's early access so we know they are there. it's highlearning curve on the game but when you get the hang of it, it's not a big deal. it's a cool game.- only lvl 60 ( not mutch to do after that)you NEED a good pc to run the game great+ if you like farming games whith some challenges this is a great gameI thing this can be a awsome game, so get it now =)"
,Recommended,529180,34026738,Posted: 4 August,all,Mixnar,Really fun game love to see this game evolve over time there are somethings that really annoy me atm that feel kinda game broken buttttt non the less really fun game ! If i may say what i want to change the most is animation for like flying or running or animations with animals over all they feel really weird and un real
,Recommended,529180,34043850,Posted: 5 August,all,Redeemer47,not bad for early access.
76561198082962703,Recommended,529180,34046997,Posted: 5 August,all,Bifitwest,"The game looks very promising, plenty of enemies and crafting to be had. Magic and swords, add a dragon or two... Yah looks fun but the only complaint I have is the horrible lag, I tried playing but even on the lowest settings it was all but unplayable and I have a fairly decent PC... Would I recommend this game? Sure, just be aware of the bugs and lag issues and you should be fine."
76561198068085733,Recommended,529180,34017274,Posted: 4 August,all,Kennyprime1232 (The Survivalist),For the stae this game is in it has so much potential for being one of the greatest games. simple way to put it.It has a nice foundation setnice variety of npcs and creaturesPretty laggy but thats expected for a game that just came out on early accessBest of all a true fantasy experienceThere are alot of bugs thats expected alsoA very dynamic world realistic type of dynamica good living ecosystem creature food chain and more like thatgreat currencyThe only cons are bugs laggyness and fps issues which are bound to be fixedi run on I7 core idk what type Gtx 1060 pascal which is equivelent to gtx 980 and 16 gb of ram getting 20 to 30 fps on average so yea i say this game has great potential the devs listen to the community very aactive in devlop mentIf ur not patient for the cons to be fixed if to buy the game i would wait a few months until the game gets more polishedOther than that great game.
,Recommended,529180,34239178,Posted: 14 August,all,|D34(|-|`/,Game is great
76561198275346620,Recommended,529180,34613729,Posted: 30 August,all,ุุiSmokeMoreThanU,Well just got glitch raided by the same Chinese tribe for the 3rd time don't love it.
76561198052260977,Recommended,529180,34998517,Posted: 16 September,all,Brynjar,"This game as it is right now is great.  Its like Ark and Runescape. Two games I adore.It has so much potential and i cant wait to see where it goes.The game is a buggy, but that is to be expected from early access."
,Recommended,529180,35010489,Posted: 16 September,all,Qlimax,"Awesome game! Beautiful graphics. 500hours played. I've come from playing Rust and this is quite refreshing.  Think of Rust but being able to tame creatures that you can ride, fight for you, or provide special abilities for crafting. Fun custom base building like Rust, complex crafting, spells, large complex map, and leveling. Taming is a big part of this game. Always fun looking for new critters to add to your arsenal.Raiding is challenging at the moment. If you played Rust they have a cool feature you might like. House seals. If you've taken the extra to deploy a house seal over your base, another clan/house will need to declare war before being able to raid you. After 12hrs I believe they're able to attack.Patches deployed weekly and they arent server wiping patches like Rust.All I gotta say is watch some youtube videos and check out all the cool spells and tames."
,Recommended,529180,35236473,Posted: 26 September,all,J_Serano,"Overall a really great game with huge potential. With that in mind I did stop playing this game because of recent changes to some textures that made the game look absolutely horrible. I guess if you're a new player it won't matter, but I just won't be playing a game that changes to something worse. I might return if they bring the textures back to what it used to be."
76561198053241665,Recommended,529180,34622692,Posted: 30 August,all,Synergy,"Been playing this game for a while now. Set's up server for my friends and I to play on. Lot's of bugs, hit points, clunky fighting animations But this game has alot of potential to be great if the Devs gives it a better direction. Overall the game mechanic is alright, Survival MMO. Building base, creature taming, surival, and NPC are all ok. Sure this game is not optimize and I can understand that for an early access game. What needs to happen is....Three faction PvP to control a section in the world. And whoever faction that control that section has to choose the King of the Land. The faction that has the King has some sort of buff or something. Make it happen Devs! We need a better fighting animation. Combos for each melee weapon. Atm.. it felt clunky and stiff! A BETTER GAME DIRECTION WITH STORY TO MAKE ALL SENSE IN THE WORLD! DEV MAKE IT HAPPEN!Not angry or anything, just that this game is good. It has a great potential if the Dev give it a better game direction. Well I hope.. Well see"
76561198087568489,Recommended,529180,33947675,Posted: 1 August,all,VAZGHOUL,"GREAT GAME.. after comeback. they manage to fullfil most of player desire....very recomended if you like Survival, Building, and RPG your char."
76561198150961636,Recommended,529180,34434097,Posted: 23 August,all,HollowMan,Some of rock models are hollow inside. I flew into the rock by accident and can not get out. I have to abandon my wyvern and kill myself.
76561198052559739,Not Recommended,529180,33752979,Posted: 23 July,all,Ulacanis,Cannot recommend because the game still refuses to load or do anything at all. Perhaps someday I'll be able to play it or find a fix.
76561198387535592,Not Recommended,529180,33912215,Posted: 30 July,all,flutter4444,"Hi. I have not been having any fun playing this game. I have really, really tried to give it a chance, with different settings. Aside from the random bugs, crashes, and display issues...Basically I spend the whole time running around eating blueberries. When I finally get enough gear, some random monster (or pack of goblins) kills me. Ok, fine, but then I try to run back to my body to keep from having to start at 0 again. But I can't find it because there is no map, and oh wait, on the way there, I get killed again.I want a refund. I should have stopped after the first hour, but I really did want to give the game a chance."
76561198083733850,Recommended,529180,33707317,Posted: 21 July,all,Backl4sh1,I really like the game took me a few hours to get into it but once i was out there exploring the world I fell in love
76561198012643411,Recommended,529180,35460479,Posted: 3 October,all,Skalok,It's a rough early access with lots of content and potential! It reminds me of UO in a lot of good ways. The devs are on top of regular patches and never cease to surprise me.
,Recommended,529180,33796139,Posted: 25 July,all,Jambatti,"This game is pretty poorly optimised, has lots of lag and unreleased features...but i like playing it.So thumbs up in advance is in order, i guess. Maybe this one will go in right direction. Or not."
76561198261343893,Recommended,529180,35485690,Posted: 4 October,all,Brower7,why its all bugs? when i go ply online its just searching and cant change filter server and when i go single plyer it just loading.... what should i do?
76561198004612182,Not Recommended,529180,33683396,Posted: 20 July,all,Paridox,"This game... what can i say about this game... I have waited for this game since it was announced last year. Admitted I lost a bit of interest once it ticked over into 2017 and they had not released as they stated it was going to release before the end of 2016... it was delayed but they waited until the end of December to tell us! Anyway I digress. Last week I see this new game full of promise and hope. Citadel forged with fire. My hope for a new sandbox was restored! Then out of the blue WHAM!!! Dark and Light is releasing on the 20th of July. Im like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥..can this be? Finally... It is releasing! I log in with hope and glee for it to only become dismay and anguish. They have literally spent 7 months longer developing this than previously stated then rushed it out the door last minute to compete with Citadel. It just feels lack lustre and empty. Everything about it screams ARK, but not a good ARK an old alpha state ARK. It feels like they have managed to crowbar in a medieval theme and magic into some form of ARK reskin. Biggest Disappointment of 2017. I can only thank the gods that Citadel is round the corner!"
,Not Recommended,529180,33738058,Posted: 23 July,all,Beado,"I have hundreds and hundreds of hours on ark.This is a direct Ark copy and paste. The dinos are now replaced by fantasy style creatures. Added classes and cities. In a high fantasy medieval setting.And there's your game. Which sounds cool. But it's really not.3rd person only. -_- < Why?These types of games are made for first person and you can't be first person in this game?I guess that would be ok if it was like an mmo where the character was in the centre of the screen and you could zoom the camera in and out, but it's not, your character is stuck to the left side in third person... and you cant change it.. think of Ark when you use ""k"" on the keyboard to zoom out and see where you want to place something. remember how clunky moving around in that state is, that's what this reminds me of only that your toon is stuck way on the left of your screen.Which would be ok if the graphics somehow didnt look worse. Has the same optimization issues as ark too and this game is super grindy. To do anything like build or craft, you need to grind for the ability first. So if i wanted to craft a weapon and havent unlocked the ability to craft said weapon, I would have to grind until my level was high enough first and then grind some more to achieve the set requiements to unlock the ability, only after i unlocked the specified weapon ability, can i use my materials to craft the weapon. Extremely tedious.Which I guess hardcore players could get past if they havd 20 hours plus day to play.Building sturctres is the same system of frustrating tedious work. You have you typical straw<wood<stone<metal<endgame tier setup but the 3rd person only setting manages to ruin the experience. I want to place my walls or foundation accurately and where I want them, but I find myself running in circles to line my 3rd person toon up, even just to snap existing foundations or walls is a task because of this.The loading screens make ark seem quick and thats saying something because this game is 11gigs compared to arks 80+gigs (including mods). It's a joke really.I actually want a refund but I Iost track of time waiting for loading screens and grinding up my skills trying to find a good reason to play this, and went over the 2 hour limit.Ark is monumentaly better than this game. It's first person with the option of third person, less grindy, has a ton of content and funnily enough it loads faster. Play Ark instead of this it's waaaay better."
,Not Recommended,529180,33771072,Posted: 24 July,all,Streaker,"not a bad game its basically ark with magic, but the gamebreaker for me was little goblins that knock you out and then rob you of all your stuff and you have to spend another hour making everything over again, if I wanted my corpse looted constantly I would play PVP. this game wasnt for me"
76561198101303769,Not Recommended,529180,33686021,Posted: 20 July,all,l1ghtb3am,"This game is in no way ready to be released, wait to buy it"
76561198007586877,Not Recommended,529180,33689434,Posted: 20 July,all,MrFeet,"Unremarkable, unfinished, pointless grind, would have got a refund if i could have"
,Not Recommended,529180,33725085,Posted: 22 July,all,Kazaanh,"My first impression.Long initial loading screen, in game loading cells and popping in objects.Progression tier is absolutely grindy, requires you to punch grass and spam crafting. Also how do you manage hunger at early levels? Before you reach campfire at 4lvl you get pretty much bored by runnning like a headless chicken punching grass to eas blueberries.Takes too much time to progress through the unlocks, I know custom server most likely will fix it by increasing skill gains but the problem of tiered unlock still remains.Hit detection is wonly and hitboxes are not 100% representant of whats happening on the screen. Very resource heavy even on my beastly PC. Some animations could also use an improvement.Character customization is very shallow and sexist, where males are pretty hot models and females look like dried potato with weird curves. This is 2017, how come male character are based on hotmodels and females not? You have sliders that don't change many things.inb4 ""hurr durr Early Acess!! Dont buy if you expected polished game!! ""This is criticism and giving proper feedback, what should be improved before i change my opinion on this game.Its not good, quite boring atm might get better withing 1-3 years just like ARK. So far its another generic sandbox survival crafting early acess game. AKA 4 Horsemen Of The Apocalypse. Citadel: Forged with Fire gets released soo and we will compare what better."
76561198030994280,Not Recommended,529180,33787542,Posted: 25 July,all,Engec,"So many little bugs and a few big ones, which is expected from Early access games, but unfortunately to many to enjoy the games development. After i think 18h of play, my graphics started freaking out, I see this massive pink circle around me in the sky. This could be my graphics card that is getting old, but all my other games work just fine.I love the idea of this game, Ark with magic instead of guns and auto canons and Thorpor alien plants which I think killed ark for alot of people.Crafting system is ok but some things dont make sense in what order you get them.Fighting is ok but some animals will just run in circles when fighting them.Riding: oh dear God, this is bad, it's just horrible nothing like Ark, it's like a no budget movie.Building: Pretty much similar to Ark, So find a really big flat area if you want to build big.For now If you are thinking of buying the game, I would not recommnd it, maybe in a month or 2 if they push out updates like Ark did. Plus Citadel forged with Fire is releasing tomorrow, which looks very similar, but way better developed."
76561198009488182,Not Recommended,529180,33685930,Posted: 20 July,all,Devils,You can tell its more of a fantasy reboot of Ark but with terrible graphics.  Played it a few hours and just thought it was garbage.  I know its the first day but man...it really sucks!  This game needs at LEAST another full year to be anywhere near complete.  Pass on it for now!
76561198028341583,Not Recommended,529180,33679723,Posted: 20 July,all,WitchofDread,This nothing more than a clone of ARK with even worse servers - which i didnt think was possible! Thank god for refunds
76561197971857784,Not Recommended,529180,34695976,Posted: 2 September,all,Thindle,it just felt like grind grind grind and was a pain to try to do anything.
76561198018461694,Not Recommended,529180,33706084,Posted: 21 July,all,Therdre,This was not ready for even a pre-alpha early release.  It looks like it has amazing potential but its years away.  I would only buy if you just want to support the devs and wait a few years before playing.
76561198385892151,Not Recommended,529180,33692543,Posted: 21 July,all,MirokuHime,"I  playing few hours.Negative:-Dozens spell 100+ included now???! Snail is liar.. He publiced game description 100+ spell have now, but game now have few skill max 20 spell .. and only 6 combat spell!! this is  NOOOT dozens and not 100+  this is nothing!! snail developer is stupid and liar..  WTF- Optimalization hmm i run full low graphics and game use 7.2GB ram.. and laggy..Please add 100+ spells promised thath now  included in the game but not actually included!!!! there have only 6 combat spell, and max 20 other similar scheme support spell..- boring combat too little spell , Missing too little little combat spell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pozitive:+Nice openworld.+Many opportunities and exploration maybe later.+Good co-operation with teams+Construction+ Animal training"
76561197985973235,Not Recommended,529180,33690131,Posted: 20 July,all,Raenef,"This Game is only EA if ""A"" stands for Alpha not access"
76561198064216717,Not Recommended,529180,33847937,Posted: 27 July,all,Gunsmith Cel,"This game felt like a high fantasy total conversion mod of Ark than it did its own game.I'm not just saying that to agree with other negative reviews, but as someone whose poured hundreds of hours into Ark. I know Ark very well. The fonts, the interface, the character models, even the animations used in this game are almost if not 100% identical. Nothing wrong with that, if you're looking for a high fantasy mod of Ark that costs $30.But if you're looking for an immersive mmorpg with likeable npc's and rich story, this game is not for you. Or maybe it is. Because everyone is different, and I don't care. I think this game sucks."
76561198019821951,Not Recommended,529180,33702060,Posted: 21 July,all,Yokohama727,Update to my initial review. After installing on a different pc I actually got into the game. Looked like pure trash. WTF!? You update the game with new servers but do nothing to address performance or optimization? Screw that refunded this crap. I'm done. Idiots. New servers but 0 performance patching.
76561197998534128,Not Recommended,529180,33693084,Posted: 21 July,all,Jym65,"Pretty standard review for a EA game.  Potential without polish and loaded with bugs. I think it can be a good game with a fair bit of work if the devs listen to the players. That being said if you cannot stand bugs, resets and changes then this is not for you. My thumbs down is based on the fact that there HAS been a closed beta and there was another scheduled. I think they rushed it by dropping the second round of beta, possibly to beat another game to market. I will keep playing but I would not recomend this to most people in the state it is in."
76561198081922790,Not Recommended,529180,33697469,Posted: 21 July,all,thakingz,"That game is way too buggy to play, good concept but you really have to wait if you want to play the game , it feel like a pre pre pre alpha stage right now."
,Not Recommended,529180,33962648,Posted: 1 August,all,Arkavyn,"The AI is shockingly bad, the optimisation is horrific, and it's an unresponsive, laggy mess when it comes to the combat."
76561198031611437,Not Recommended,529180,34134628,Posted: 9 August,all,Rezidue,"I have a pretty uber computer but still experience framerate issues, even on low graphic settings.  It seems like the game will be good once they fix the performance issues but until then I can't handle the choppiness."
76561197969876509,Not Recommended,529180,33697455,Posted: 21 July,all,GR1MST0N3,"The only game i ever requested a refund for. I'm not sure if the game is any good but getting the game to play is a nightmare. I waited through 2 six min loading times to have it crash 2 times. It told me my driver  was out of date on the second crash. It wasn't. When i did get in, it ran at 23 to 32 fps on an I7 7700k, 1080ti, with 16g of ram. I turned down the settings and i got 2 more fps , after waiting for 6 min loading again. It already said on steam i spent 33 min on the game so i decided to get a refund because I would use up the 2 hour for a refund just messing with the settings. I'm not even sure that would work because it was clearly rushed out with optimization being last on the list of things to complete. I played EA games before but I can't get behind the idea of having to log out of a game after changing settings only to find out it wan't optimized so you wasted your time for 6 min loading screens over and over again. There is bad Ea and good Ea, this is on the bad side."
76561198003425277,Not Recommended,529180,33976954,Posted: 2 August,all,Attila[DK],-60 gigabyte download-13 minutes and 40 seconds load time (with SSD) EVERYTIME-full of chinese & russian griefers who kills shopers and KOS you-melee broken (except the monsters hitting YOU - you cant hurt them) ea NO GOLD earning-harvesting broken - late update-food getting corrupted in 5 minutes after pickup-movent glitches - walking inside mountains glitches for instance+lots of potential in a year or three. :-(Another broken Ark implementation :(LOL.... 4th aug. the first patch is 43 gigabytes.... LOOOOL
76561198077412374,Not Recommended,529180,34328682,Posted: 18 August,all,Fero,"I can't even play, thank god steam has refund option."
,Recommended,529180,33692732,Posted: 21 July,all,Dridnoc,"So far so good, I have barely scratched the surface of what the game entales , so i am not understanding the negative reviews with less than 3-5 hours played. With a little over 5 hours gameplay I am just now building my first tier house. Yes there is alot ingame that needs fixed but nothing a few small patches couldnt handle. The game so far seems in depth as far as survival and crafting. Graphics are as good as Arc, Rust, ect... Some visual bugs, Running up hill sometimes when on a steep incline you hit an invisible wall instead of slowing your char. This is early access and Only day 1 of it so keep that in mind and please give the game a fair shake before posting negative feedback. All in all i would recomend Checking this game out or at least keeping an eye on it for future updates."
,Not Recommended,529180,34000057,Posted: 3 August,all,DonMatt,Just not now..
76561197999069485,Not Recommended,529180,33889419,Posted: 29 July,all,Bydluck,Terrible loading time + Super fps drops even on low settings. Maybe if they optimize it better it would be playable but can't recommend it in current state if you don't have high-end pc
76561198134067108,Not Recommended,529180,33801965,Posted: 25 July,all,DathNinja47,"I enjoyed the game, but after an hour of playing it crashed and I could not get it to work, I even restarted my computer and it still would not work. The game has a lot of potential and it is fun but I would recommend to wait and let the game update and improve before buying."
76561197995407699,Not Recommended,529180,33769810,Posted: 24 July,all,Krull,"This survival multiplayer game looks identical to ARK, imo both games don't look spectacular. The grinding levels to unlock schematics and grinding resources roughly the same as ARK. The land mass isn't much different either, however this game does have Cities and landmarks including castles/forts, mountains and even a volcano. Currently the lag in multiplayer is unbearable for me, ""you got no chance"" are the words that roll through my head as i think of ""PVP"", i would only recommend this game if you want to play single player or private server, those were the only occasions where i could play the game. Oh yeah and that is if you can get into the game, I've had several times where the game perpetually loads and im sat staring at a dragons♥♥♥♥♥♥while it's wings stutter in flight to no end. My machine is by no means low end. Buy this for it's future potential, if you liked ARK you may enjoy it more than most."
76561197980723446,Not Recommended,529180,34464036,Posted: 24 August,all,ObiWahn,"Spend some 30 hrs building a nice house and stable, taming some creatures... then got everything removed via patch.I will not waste any more time in this game just to see my achievements turned into dust by the devs."
,Recommended,529180,33682947,Posted: 20 July,all,MissVoltz† [мвм],"(I will come back with a more detailed review.)Buy this at your own peril.In context:Addressing the elephant in the room, because Snail Games is the Chinese division of the company who owns WildCard the same studio that hosts the IP Ark: Survival Evolved there is a lot of similarities. Built on the same Engine as Ark but it builds upon an updated version of the Unreal. So of course it looks the same.My time played:So far, I have gotten past the loading single player, at this state knowing games like it and spawn camping, I won't dare go in go into public servers.After loading in getting past the character screen, it tanks memory seriously. I spawned in the faction city and I crash. My rig is a GTX 970 and 16gb of ram. So first off, that's not very good first impression. But like Ark I am not surprised, because the same thing happened in the beginning of its EA. Rest assured I am no WC ""fangirl"" either.Other:There are also vendors, an economy and quests so that is something new off the bat.You can buy a horse.I like to see the character creation expanded upon but it's nice to see hair styles and beards. The concept and factions and classes are a nice touch and maybe seeing more in the future too and an expanded array of magic or subclasses such as illusion or thief masteries.I will give this game a chance once it becomes more playable.And I personally don't think it deserves the negitive reviews thus far, but that is my opinion (most people are just crying clone, and I won't be suprised if people downvote this out of spiteful ignorance.) I'll leave mine postive, depending how this game grows and develops I might change it."
,Recommended,529180,33706863,Posted: 21 July,all,Dan Diamond,Everyone should give this Game a chance because this Style of gaming has a Bright future ahead :)
76561197974731264,Recommended,529180,33695724,Posted: 21 July,all,Thrilled,"I also feel compelled to do an review..... Due to seeing all the criticism....Is the game ready for release? DEFINTELY NOT!Is it released? NO, it's in early access... you can't expect it to be rdy.With this said I will continue with my review sofar...I am having a GTX 1070 and I am running on highest setting but NOT with HDR which drains the machine. I also removed alot of the shadows since I am running on a 35"" monitor and that resolution is rough to the game with shadows in best settings.My first thinking when I started was that this is WAY to simple when it comes to the resource gathering... I also got multiple different resources from ie a bush that I surely wouldn't expect to come from it.. ie apple, magic stones, grass, stone etc... However this is just to get your quickly started with the most basic gear and the rewards are fairly low and not really that efficient to continue to use.The lvl up went pretty fast the first two lvls and you gained new skilsl/recipes in very fast pace.... but quite quickly around lvl 3-4 things really slows down quite a bit (which is GOOD). You have to WORK to get your lvl and skills up. By this point I also experiened the first PKing. Just when I was working on getting resources two ppl just came up and started to attack.. without no real reason then griefing I assume. Yes I would love to see the PVE servers being up to because I prefer that kind of gameplay instead of instant griefing when new players are learning the game. Or at least keep the newbie zones free from PVP.What I do like is the wide variety of skills to learn and lots of recipes to learn. I have seen alot of NPC enemies to fight as well, altough I have hard to see why they need to have aggressive lvl 72 griffons flying around inside the town area... not natural for them to be there.. I assume some aggroed them and ran to city and then they remained around there. Either way it caused me two deaths but added some excitement too :)I am looking forward to be able to start building some homes and get deeper inte to the skills I am aiming for.The bad parts is the lack of quests (yes I still think quests in a survival game is interesting). More NPC's to have a dialogue with... now currently you only have like 3 NPCs where you can sell and buy stuff at.. Selling is hard because they are always out of stock basically (this could be improved). Performance issues that needs to be better, slight lag while gathering.Most of the negative reviews are due to performance issues, and I think it's unfair to rate an EARLY ACCESS game so badly because of that.. People need to learn to stop buying early access if you expect a fully fledged game with no issues... just wait until it goes live and you will have a much better experience that suits your needs!I am looking forward to see what this game will end up with... cause I can see the potential in it."
,Not Recommended,529180,35111318,Posted: 21 September,all,kompalol,"Farmed and made 200 arrows and 100 stone hook arrows for me and my friend. We went outside. Got attacked by 4 panthers and a bear. Couldnt get the loot back. Disconnected, uninstalled the game. Dont get this ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ until its better optimized. Its lagging more than a stuttering mentally disabled retard."
,Not Recommended,529180,33684199,Posted: 20 July,all,Flying_Panda!°!,"Very buggy ARK clone... stupid KI and buggy physics.Litlirally ARK animations, Menu's and Sounds cloned...Go and play Flyff or some stupid game insted..."
,Not Recommended,529180,33684953,Posted: 20 July,all,GaLaNoS,sorry i dident like it... refund... i cant play full of bugs and  nothing special again....... hype for nothing
76561198095797094,Not Recommended,529180,34413383,Posted: 22 August,all,spe.bonne,"this game is a perfect exemple of how you can massacre a good franchise and game.. I played the first DnL as a beta tester and an early player... true that game back then was bugged like many mmorpg, but the concept was grandiose with completely customisable skill sets, and 12 races. And if the developpers had not had to deal with legal disputes between companies, I am sure they would have been able to sort them in time...I saw this name poping and I thought my wait for DnL return was over... in the end all I had is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ark survival game using the old lore and world of the best mmorpg concept ever created. Only 3 races, with a skill tree about identical to ARK... yeah Snail really massacred DnL to pull out this game.A real shame if not an outrage...Had snail updated the graphic engine, corrected the bugs and brought back the original DnL I'd have signed up and suscribed to a monthly fee...As the game is today, I asked for a refund and will hope this game dies to leave place to its original concept again"
,Recommended,529180,33689815,Posted: 20 July,all,Herc18,Only a couple hours into it but having a blast! It's obviously early development and needs time in the oven but is easily playable. Servers seem to have quite a bit of lag but it's day one peeps every game in this genre needs tweaking from a rough start. Overall I'd say if you enjoy games like Ark then buy this. Worst case save it on your wishlist and comeback in 6 months. In the mean time I'll be having fun with friends playing/Testing this game and giving real feedback to help improve :)
,Recommended,529180,33689969,Posted: 20 July,all,Nephiral,"Great launch day, will keep this review updated as things unfold.Pay no mind to most of the negative reviews as most are people who don't understand what early access is or what it means when a game runs smoothly short of SOME server lag on official servers only on Day 1. For a first day of early access it was smoother than any other game in it's genre. Looking forward to further updates.Was one of the first streamers on twitch.tv to cover it's launch and it went 100% smoothly, played for over 12 hours straight without a single crash. (which is a big deal for games like this :o)"
,Recommended,529180,33834510,Posted: 27 July,all,Katsu-D3,COME ON GUYSDARK AND LIGHT OR CITADEL : FORGED WITH FIRE?
,Not Recommended,529180,33932169,Posted: 31 July,all,Lukejw93,"After waiting about 3-5 minutes for the game to load into a single player world it ran alright but on every graphical setting with my i7 5960x and 1080ti it barely maintained 30fps.  I tried changing the resolution as well, manged to achieve 40fps at 800x600 minimum with one of the best graphics cards.I really want this game to be good, but for now I will be waiting for atleast a patch to help with performance."
,Not Recommended,529180,33925611,Posted: 31 July,all,Renidan,"Unless you have a 1070 or 1080 i would not recommend this game. I'm playing it on a gtx970 and an i7-3770 and the framerate is absolute garbage on all graphical settings. This game might have potential but just as ARK, this will never be fun for the majority of gamers because the optimization will never happen, as it has never happened in ARK. I'm not even sure why they have graphical options, because no matter what settings you put it on, nothing makes a difference. It's just there if you prefer to lag like a ♥♥♥♥♥ on good graphics or lag like a ♥♥♥♥♥ on graphics that gives your eyes aids. Atleast they give you the option i suppose."
76561198058273851,Recommended,529180,33692584,Posted: 21 July,all,Oriax,"ok i know loads of people are not liking this game because it Feels alot like ark but lets be honist how are you ment to develop a game with out it looking like or feeling like someone els's game its just impossible, So after playing a little to me it has loads of potential. Yes you will have bugs, Yes you will have optimisation issues but what you need to remember is this is an early access game. Ark was never perfect from the start but it got loads better over time and to be honist this game will to if people just give it a chance. Me personally i like the game its different in some ways and im looking forwerd to what these ladys and gents do to the game to make it better all people need to do is give it time and stop giving it bad reviews based on other games that have been out longer and have had more time to be worked on.[Bad Side]Game takes a long time to load "" at the moment ""Charicter creation has bugs "" at the moment ""Lowish FPS "" will get better over time just like ARK ""bugs where you cant place foundations "" at the moment ""[Good Side]New MapNew MonstersNew BuildingsNew CharictersCan Cast Spellsdifferent Towns to exploreNPC's with out having modstrade systemThe list go's on. you need to think about all the good because it does out weigh the bad and for me like i said this game has loads of potential"
76561198052116690,Not Recommended,529180,33893182,Posted: 29 July,all,asweknowit,"I get its early access, and I want to like the game, but it currently its not in an overly playable state. This game needs some serious optimization.  I will try it again in a few months."
76561198042775265,Not Recommended,529180,34049126,Posted: 5 August,all,salubri1050,cant play load ten mins get load bar load 20 mins get another load bar make char game crashes repeat whole thing all over again
76561198121992565,Not Recommended,529180,33955196,Posted: 1 August,all,Insane1,Not yet playable as there is a lot of server issues and fps drops in certain area and changing world tile.Using too much resources than it really should need.
,Not Recommended,529180,34009383,Posted: 3 August,all,!!!TURTLE CLUB SANDWICH ONLY!!!,"I am really into MMOs and survival PvP games, so I was excited for this game (WoW, Archeage, Minecraft PVP, Tera, Mortal Online, BDO currently).  I refunded this game within 15 minutes.  I understand that it is under development, but come on.  The combat and ""punching trees"" in this game feels hollow and uninspired, and feels/looks ugly.  Rocks breaking apart with the ridiculous physics is a joke.  The game will lag to 1FPS when you encounter other characters.  Icing on the cake is that max player per server is only 70 people...this is not an MMO and it has a LOT of work with animations, graphics and optimizations to be worthwhile.  The fact that 70 people is the max per server is an automatic uninstall--it needs to be in the hundreds to thousands range."
,Not Recommended,529180,34001473,Posted: 3 August,all,Gaming Devil YT,played the game when it came out was great i got to lvl 5 killed a grim reaper had some good gear and then this keybinding problem keeped annoying me i'm on AZERTY and the game is QWERTY every time i pressed Q on AZERTY for me to Strafe left it but away my weapon then took it back out... got annoyed left the game come back after two patches still not fixed and the game is hella glitchy like really glitchy you can't hit a creature well you do after 100 hits and stamina is gone. You'll try to get your stam back and it just glitches again you can't hit creatures at the mo. Harvesting is laggy takes 5 to 10 seconds to register the fact you'r harvesting. Till they fix there settings and Lag issues i'm giving it a thumbs down.
,Not Recommended,529180,34031344,Posted: 4 August,all,Moony,"Absolutely horrible.The best way to describe it is as an extremely bad, lazily-created Chinese rip-off clone of ARK.  They couldn't even bother themselves to change the map.Charging $30 for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ product is highway robbery.  The fact that Steam forces you to request a refund within a 2-hour window is a travesty, especially when it takes 20-30 minutes for the game to load, crash, load again, get slightly farther before crashing again, load again, finally let you in, lag and crash out, then load again and waste the rest of your two hours with harvesting supplies you can't use."
,Not Recommended,529180,34005480,Posted: 3 August,all,Varnin Suros,Sat on a loading screen for ten minutes where I got to read spelling errors coupled with grammar issues. Then the contrast allowed for me to only see the game while I stared at the sun.10/10 Would Recommend  (Refunded)
76561198093543234,Not Recommended,529180,34409089,Posted: 21 August,all,Decadimento,"Will start with this game is awesome, yes it's a copy/pasta of Ark but when the developer companies are the same its to be expected. The game is still unique and offers countless hours of entertainment in SP and lord knows how much for MP.Now to why I give a thumbs down. Yes the game is great, if it loads, constant 5-10+ minute load times for the game and if it works then theres another 4-5+ minute delay for my character to enter my SP world. This is not my systems fault,  (Intel Core i7-4720HQ CPU @ 2.6GHz, 16.0GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M.Should you get ingame you then run into constant stutters, now again my experience is from SP, bugs such as your campfire will randomly stop turning grass into straw and cooking raw meat. You can restart the game, replace the items, replace the campfire or open other containers and it will randomly decide when to allow you to use it again.Possibly the biggest thing is the comany needs to hire a native English speaker to correct the grammaer of all the text in this game, from the main menu to the config files, its horrid at the moment.Again, outside of the bugs, obvious errors the game is great and a lot of fun. Mainly just a whats your threshold for errors with this early access."
,Not Recommended,529180,33686339,Posted: 20 July,all,Ironside,"This game does not do anything good from the UI, to the bad Food/Stam/Water mechanics, to the buggie monsters who just clip and run in circles around you. The sound sometimes bugs out and you hear the same sound effect from gathering over and over again.-You need a higher level to have the grace of selling to the NPCs-Eating 10 million apples = you staved to death-Chop down trees to get apples? Ok. Sure. I clear cut a rain forest and got A! 1! APPLE!-You seriously spend more time looking at your food and water status than enjoying the game.6 months of patching will not fix this game nor make it playable nor entertaining.The game does remind me of ARK, but I don't really care because I was looking for a new and different looking game. BTW Ark ripped Forest and Forest ripped Dayz and Dayz ripped ect, ect, ect."
,Recommended,529180,34143434,Posted: 10 August,all,Misku,China No. 1
76561198126150497,Recommended,529180,33682882,Posted: 20 July,all,Goblin Slayer,I like this game so far.
,Recommended,529180,33692131,Posted: 21 July,all,Silphet,"This is a good game.Don't listen to the negative reviews, they have no actual time spent in game."
,Not Recommended,529180,34485786,Posted: 25 August,all,Bishop22,"Essentially it is ARK.Except that in that it is reskinned with a Fantasy theme and some tweaks to make it just a little bit different.I bought and started playing hearing some clan m8's saying it was good and etc. unpleasantly I found that it was extremely similar to ARK.Honestly, wish I hadn't wasted the money on this, as I could have just kept playing ARK instead......"
,Not Recommended,529180,33680667,Posted: 20 July,all,FlamingGorilla  [T{N}C],This game is just BAD the graphics are AWEFUL the gameplay is boreing and what you see in the screenshots and videos show NOTHING about the game. The death screen is even a rip off of ARK. ARK developers suck buit THIS is almost lower then even the ARK devs. Do not get this game it is not worth your time or money. WHY DID I BUY THIS GARBAGE!!!!!!
76561197960427041,Not Recommended,529180,33839589,Posted: 27 July,all,Gamer.no1,"yeh, not the best time to be playing this game sadly. Worst optimizations just like ARK were, or even is in some places. Hold of a while before buying it.- Refunded."
76561198045390381,Not Recommended,529180,33680779,Posted: 20 July,all,¿?,Unfortunately it runs like crap. I had so much hope for this game but it is 2 years away from being playable at least. Gathering is just not functioning. The feedback from the game is zero. Sound loops are annoying. KOS'ers - oh yes - already. No PvE servers.No map!My advice - save your money and get on steam summer sale in 2 years.Refunded.
76561198009833494,Not Recommended,529180,35054028,Posted: 18 September,all,megmorse2000,uggg. painful
76561197976090763,Recommended,529180,33726608,Posted: 22 July,all,Kakashi (Brazz),Great Game !!
,Recommended,529180,33714601,Posted: 22 July,all,Tales From The Dark Side,"It's a pretty good game, it takes a while to get into it and figure things out, I guess thats why so many give it a negative review with so little game play under their belt, it's a shame too cause they are missing out on something really good just because they have a short attention span.First of all game is fresh out the gate, it is early access and it will be worked on and updated so keep that in mind.The graphics are ok on epic and i feel this will get better in later updates, the music is dreamy and fits with the magical setting and the vistas in the game are really awesome.Yes this game is like Ark but it is much better than Ark in many ways that feel really different and new.So yeah, I reccomend this game if you like the RPG/MMO style of gaming."
76561198409523177,Not Recommended,529180,34227001,Posted: 13 August,all,NoobProBro,to glitchy
,Not Recommended,529180,33916289,Posted: 30 July,all,Latvian,"Very good looking game with Early Access optimization. If you like sandbox games ( like building, exploring, monsters), you probably going to like this one until...Until you start advance building / expanding your base.... i mean come on... REALLY????? All the vanilla ARK's annoying building mechanics on steroids.... WHY???"
,Recommended,529180,33683347,Posted: 20 July,all,ghost,"This game is 30% completed and the fact that it is early access seems to not click in peoples minds that have rated this down. I read the negative reviews and they all talk about the bugs, game not being 100% completed, performance issues. This is to expect with a early access development stage game. They put it out as a beta/early accesss to work out these issues. How are you going to hate on a game that just came out as EARLY ACCESS and treat it with the same criticism as a full release game. I remember ARK being in this same situation not long ago. Now its a playable enjoyable game. Dont knock it till the game has improved. Dont invest in an early access game if you cannot understand that its not fully completed and all sorts of game issues are expected. Its like buying a half built car and complaining it doesnt work right when you fully agreed to buy it despite the disclaimer that its half built. Its a good game, good idea, and its only going to improve. Again, dont buy yet if you cant handle betas, early access problems."
,Not Recommended,529180,35090928,Posted: 20 September,all,123,Terrribbbllleeeeeeeee
,Not Recommended,529180,35122855,Posted: 22 September,all,BENZILLA,Garbage..
76561198156199597,Recommended,529180,35112774,Posted: 21 September,all,FEROZ,SIMPLY THE BEST GAME!!!!Okay so i was going crazy Searching for a game good enought to replace Ark.After 200+ Hrs of playing this game i can tell you guys this.. ITS SIMPLY THE BEST GAME OUT THERE....You might be wondering why so many bad reviews than??? well.. there is a lot of salty ppl jealous of the potential this game has and they just want to see it crash and many other just have @#$@! walmart Computers that can only run Runescape....Dont belive the bad reviews they are full of $#!7.Yes.. there are bugs and gliches but CMON!!! is  EARLY ACCESS and this guys just keep improving every day!if you have a DECENT COMPUTER come and try it! i swear you will love it.if you have a $#@#$ Computer than 1st go buy a DECENT ONE and them come try it. ;)
76561198009314353,Recommended,529180,33681913,Posted: 20 July,all,sparten4003,"Only put a lil over an hour into it, but for an early access its what is expected. I play on a laptop, don't know anything about specs really because I'm computer illiterate, but not having any stuttering or framerate issues compared to BDO for sure. It did take a good 10 mins to load at first but its the same when I play ark on my xbox half the time lol. Yes, controls, UI seem similar to ark. Really posting a review just because so many people are whining on here and giving it neg for no reason."
,Recommended,529180,33681940,Posted: 20 July,all,[MEDIC] Bomjus,better than ark on release so far. besides the giant purple lights in the sky that are blinding me
,Recommended,529180,33681025,Posted: 20 July,all,Evaculis,Great game
76561198038917698,Not Recommended,529180,34414739,Posted: 22 August,all,Gotzki,Absoloutely terrible execution of a fantastic idea
,Recommended,529180,33690624,Posted: 21 July,all,Ricochet05,"This is EARLY ACCESSyes there are bugs, yes there are glitches, ITS DAY FRICKIN ONE - at the time i am writing this, the game has been out for 13 hours, and has 528/768 negative reviews...Yes there are features missing, yes there are glitched quests, sure it looks a lot like ark. Lets be real, its rough, its not polished, if you are on the fence about the game, but are an Ark fan - pick it up at the low price, then sit on it until more updates roll out.If you hate Ark or other survival games, dont touch it right now, or maybe ever,I had fun, chill server, the dwarf city is where all the cool people spawned, all the griefers and spawn killers were mostly at humans and elves. It was nice to play a massive game with people actually talking, pretty refreshing imo.If you like beta games /EA games, and enjoy survival, pic kthis up, its worth a shot, cant wait to see how it evolves over development."
76561198008193698,Recommended,529180,33690606,Posted: 21 July,all,FlamingPoop007,"Think of Ark had sex with Skyrim and their baby was Dark and Light!! This game has alot of potential. I would say yes it is not perfect yet and has long loads but think of ark and how much they improved that game! They will most likley do the same for this game. So far the first hour is kinda boring becuase you have alot to learn, but after that it starts to get really fun!"
76561198071305144,Recommended,529180,33844872,Posted: 27 July,all,Spartacuz,Its a fun game and its growing haters are just going to hate
,Not Recommended,529180,33939713,Posted: 31 July,all,GAMbit,"The game itself is promising with already lots of great things going for it. However, there is one underlying issue the developers need to address and make people aware of.And that is - THIS GAME IS PVP FOCUSED!!Nowhere in the game description does it mention the fact that your character is still present in the game world after logging off, and susceptible to attacks from NPC monsters as well as other Players who can kill you and take your stuff.Had I known that, I would have kept on scrolling past this game.Now I'm not normally the one to give games bad reviews, but I feel like there should be more awareness of this PvP focused ""survival"". I never played ARK or Rust because of those reasons.I was in the middle of discussing these things on the server I was playing when out of nowhere someone on a giant bird grabbed my character, flew me really high up and dropped me to my death.I laughed because I was already one foot out the door on this game, and that pushed me right out.Devs - You need a big fat sign or warning over your game letting people know of the heavy PVP focus. Nowhere in the description does it mention that, and the reviews (at least the ones I read) didn't mention it either. I thought I was buying a more PVE focused survival game.Someone on the server told me there are PVE servers, but I went back and looked and didn't see in the server browser where it has that information listed - PvP or PvE - neither are specified. So either that person was blowing smoke or there's some other hidden way to see that information.Either way, I'm unhappy with my purchase and unfortunately I cannot refund it after playing it for 6 hours. Maybe later on down the road when the games been patched up and updated I might consider revisiting, but right now I can't recommend this game unless PVP is your thing in a survival crafting game."
76561198011533101,Not Recommended,529180,33961765,Posted: 1 August,all,Wash2,Same old ARK nightmares...different skin. Why is it only the modders can fix these games?
76561198289420089,Recommended,529180,34007116,Posted: 3 August,all,Prophetoreo,I cant even play :( because I get the endless dragon loop when your trying to log on. I still think it is a good  game though the log on screen is pretty cool and all the videos ive watched ID still say its a postive review but just wish i could play myself.
,Recommended,529180,33797475,Posted: 25 July,all,Shanks,"Best gamer ever, way better than ARK!"
76561198057801491,Not Recommended,529180,34141328,Posted: 10 August,all,DJ Fliperinos,"Game is garbo good content but to many bugs to counter it. these bugs should of been found before it launched. Im at a point where i cant even play, everytime i join a server it sends me back to the main screen. i tryed everything."
76561198142152892,Recommended,529180,33690807,Posted: 21 July,all,Rag,Its Fun Screw all these haters!!!!
76561198047517806,Recommended,529180,33785069,Posted: 25 July,all,ShadeHanbei,Is okay
,Recommended,529180,34009396,Posted: 3 August,all,🅱4D💤,So I played the game for a bit and I think this game is a nice EA game.The Ranged/Magic combat feels good but not balanced enought the melee combat feels clunky bad hitboxes rubberbanding and so on.Base building is nice and works well beside the fact that the colusion is trash atm.There is quiet a bit to do in this game i mean i played it for almost 200H and now i feel like ive experienced allmost everything the game can offer u.The world is awsome and the graphics amazing. But the rendering is trash like real trash.So I can buy it?Overall i would say if u like EA Games and that fantasy type yes but u need a really good system to rly enjoy good graphics. The Devs are working on buggs and balancing witch is rly cool.I rate this game a solid 7/10 (in this stage)
,Not Recommended,529180,34028073,Posted: 4 August,all,Axiyom,"Way to much of a chore. Constantly worrying about focus,hunger,water and on top of that its just flat out boring. The ai is buggy and doesn't even respong most of the time. Defiently not worth it at the moment, needs a lot more time before it can be worth anything."
,Recommended,529180,34008886,Posted: 3 August,all,Ghost_Wolf08,"This game needs quite a bit of work, but it's absolutely amazing so far.  I haven't personally had too many issues with FPS and my gaming laptop isn't exactly a powerhouse.  There are an overwhelming amount of similarities to ARK, but they've improved upon many things that I didn't like.  ARK has been out for a couple of years and this game lags less (for me).I'm super excited to see what Dark and Light turns into!"
76561198072799301,Recommended,529180,34107584,Posted: 8 August,all,Bitzo_.,"The game itself is good. However, it takes at least 15 minutes on a good PC to connect to the servers, and then more time to load In.Once this major issue is fixed, then the game will be very good.Side note: please fire the 3 year old which wrote the item descriptions because the English is terrible"
,Not Recommended,529180,34104912,Posted: 8 August,all,|2ail,"Alot of potential here but not playable atm-net code need alot of work, due to desync melee hit registration is terrible atm, this also affects mob harvesting-there are either hacks or exploits(unsure which it is) that allow people to glitch into house and disable protection domes. So theres really no point at trying to build anything because you get no warning from war declaration and you log in dead with all your work destroyed or stolen.That being said this game is very fun and I look foward to the dev team adressing these problems but don't see the point in building anything further to just have it repeatedly destroyed by exploiting night raiders."
,Recommended,529180,33692069,Posted: 21 July,all,123,God ppl... it is BETA.. give it a time and it will works...First they are rushing to enter a game and than they cry about it stageJust give it a chance to become better
76561198040080885,Not Recommended,529180,33821590,Posted: 26 July,all,Ichida,"DO NOT PURCHASE THIS GAME RIGHT NOW!the potential is there but its not even open beta, its more pre alpha.The current bugs present in this game are pre alpha critical bugs.1. NPCs being killed off and not respawning until next patch.2. No safezones whatsoever (when you start you will spawn into a town with loads of dead on the floor).3. Starter towns can just be camped by high levels that kill you upon entering the game."
,Not Recommended,529180,34075489,Posted: 6 August,all,Dj Polyester,when I try to join a server do I have to wait a long time. If the company doesnt want to receive negative feedbacks why launch the early access?Really when Im going to be able to enter a server.
,Recommended,529180,33993525,Posted: 3 August,all,Ephixia,Best ARK mod ever. Lol Studio wildcard is owned by the company that makes this. Thats why they look the same. Pretty pathetic.
76561198209654753,Recommended,529180,33712151,Posted: 21 July,all,Brohamshire,this game is fantastic and i would recommend it its slightly broken as most early access are but other then that is game has sooo much potential to grow
,Recommended,529180,33690375,Posted: 21 July,all,Ron Brrgundy,"Dont listent o all these Negative Reviews, this game is nothing liek ark and only shares similarites, with UI and some ASSETS but who cares, seriously guys try it out its a very dificult game its not liek ark in that its not easy, the skill system is way different and its just a really cool game. right now theres alot of kill for nothings on the official servers. and if someone attacks you and you kill them expect to be attacked by liek 4 people. all in all the community isnt that great but the game is awesome its beyond awesome its 9/10 for me if yall dont liek it clearly you dont know what Early access is and should read the disclaimer again, WERE ARE HELPING DEVLOPE THE GAME. get over it.*EDIT* They did an Update today 9/2/2017** they changed nothing my review stands.I have not played since a couple weeks ago, But i have tried every update. that being said this review is MY opinion and any negative comments will be removed or reported. IN MY OPINION, Do not purchase the game until the Devloper's STOP adding Content and fix the server Stability issues. Why add more content to a game that cannot even handle the content it already has? I'll tell you why Because the games population is decreasin all the time and when that happens developers Scramble to put out CONTENT that they think the players want rather then the FIX's we have been ASKING for. I understand more then anyone what early access is. I also understgand full well suffering games such as, Starforge, Reign of Kings, Stomping lands, LANDMARK. That there can and will be problems but there is Absulutly no excuse for a developer team in EARLY ACCESS to get feedback and test what they have, for them to completly ignore the server issues makes it seem like a Cash grab and as Far as I am conerned until they fix the server issues Dont buy it, mind you the same ones ARK HAD *COUGH* same game engine, they shouldnt have them in this game either. So My opinion is the game is fun as heck its got alot of POTENTIAL but until they do a big fix that CONCRETLY FIXES STUFF INSTEAD OF BREKAING THE GAME. Then i would say wait until then. when they have a big update and 10K players back come back to it give it a chance, if they fix some issues its definalty worth the buy, but as it stands now you will be bored and or trolled beyond measure by both terrain mechanics and players alike Lag Spikes and buggy Animals that can hit you through whatever you want.from a skill tree thats fantastic to a Pet rviviing pool that doesnt even work to a house seal mechanic thats cool but also doesnt work as intended. to panthers that Can kill you one hit when wild but after tamed are liek litte .♥♥♥♥♥. cats."
76561198015849457,Not Recommended,529180,34284698,Posted: 16 August,all,{KBeastmode} Nizzard of OPZ,"Optimize this and I would be on it night and day; otherwise, it gets the chop!"
,Not Recommended,529180,34071070,Posted: 6 August,all,Rice Dogg,"i do not recommend it at all, 1st thing i should be able to play this game with a 1060 and i cant and im stuck on playing medium graphics so i have ps2 graphics also i get so much lag near the bases and everything, 2 the map hotkeys do not work when i assign a key for it (Ex:M), 3 EVERYTHING kills me the archers in the base one shot everything but takes 50 hits with a sword by that time youve already died, 2 Stamina drains SO much faster than it restores about 10 seconds of stamina then probably 45 to regen, then i got noticed my spells break this game doesn't mention it in the tutorial so i died because of it THANK YOU VERY MUCH, back to everything kills you when i say everything i mean nearly EVERYTHING except for Sheep and the thing Bramblehoppers i think thats what there called i go for more realism than fantasy crap, in reality you wouldn't necessarily kill something with one shot of an arrow but should be able to kill with one swipe of a sword more logic and the game gets laggier after every update the games rolls out, this wont be a game i play for years like ark this is more of a 2 month game if i can even get to build a house"
,Recommended,529180,33907754,Posted: 30 July,all,hairy midgets,"GAME IS AMAZING EVEN IN EARLY STAGES, ULTIMA ONLINE you may be to young to know that game but it finally is here this game reminds me of what shroud of the avatar should have been THIS game is soooo good, yes theres lag yes theres crashes its early alpha get over it and support them"
76561198096427798,Not Recommended,529180,33904943,Posted: 30 July,all,Valhalla,"Don't let the Minimum and Recommended specs fool you. My PC has equal/better specs than what the games recommended are, but the game looks grainy and bright even on max settings. I tuned everything down to medium and even lowered the resolution, but the game ran like crap.If you have a very high-end gaming PC and want to play a game that is going through the very first steps of development, this is the game for you."
76561198192470938,Recommended,529180,33825459,Posted: 26 July,all,☣ Red ☣,"one of the best games i`ve played, its really fun and a lot of stuff to do"
76561198116379867,Recommended,529180,33906561,Posted: 30 July,all,nik.delahunty656,It's shaping up to be a good game BUT Please dev's fix it so I can gallop on a horse through town without aggroing the guards! I've lost 3 horses so far yet was no where near the guards!
76561198143710969,Not Recommended,529180,34864323,Posted: 10 September,all,[FR]Choumi,"Pour commencer, le jeu est ""bien"", seulement il y a tellement de bug in game que c'est injouable ils demandent une ""grosse config"" pour un jeu très mal opumiser même pour du early access, ayant fait plusieurs early (the forest, ark, etc) celui-ci a trop de progres a faire il faut que leurs dev ce sortent un peux les doigt parceque presque 30 euros pour ça, faut pas abuser, ont est pas des pigeon...-je le reprendrais surement pas vue la tonne de défaults, les animation des creatures sont raides, les décors sont  médiocres, le nombres de rolback est affreux même déguellasse en vériter, sans compter les déconnection a répétition.Même avec une bonne config c'est bof, lassant, les temps de taming sont énorme, genre ta envie de rester 8h devant ton pc comme un con a regarder le decor (des arbres, des arbres, des arbres) ou allez mater un film de boule, faire les courses, manger dormir, tout ça pour un lvl 60 quand même....Voili voilou pour mon avis négatif."
,Not Recommended,529180,34109583,Posted: 8 August,all,Eskel,"As of now this is the worst purhcase I have ever made on Steam. Game is near unplayable for me with 15-20 fps no matter how I tweak the settings. Terrible optimization all around.Also, before a moron asks, no my PC is not bad. 7970 ghz gpu, 16 gigs of dd3 ram, and i7 4770k cpu is more than decent, and I can run a lot of newer games on high settings no problem."
76561198406016485,Not Recommended,529180,34598141,Posted: 29 August,all,SpaceFish,"laggiest game everi have great computer but it still laggs and especially with this 72 hour building limit, NOT ALL OF US HAVE DREAM JOBSi work all week form 9 till 10"
,Recommended,529180,34402901,Posted: 21 August,all,ShadowGar,"I play Ark and Ark is okay. This game is so much better. It has held my attention and that is what counts. Most of these hateful reviews are trolls. Try it for yourself. I've had many friends say, ""I should have not read the negative reviews, this game is really good.""This is a type of game that you will either love it or hate it. Its not a game that you can base off of reviews whether you like it."
,Recommended,529180,34418825,Posted: 22 August,all,sirolf01,Perfect game you dont need minimum proccecing speed its not needed i do have it myself but its playable with a less good computer/laptop for the rest its only 30% done they say its already realy nice and playable with no lagg on servers it has everything ark always needed and better graphics
76561198255057889,Not Recommended,529180,35421464,Posted: 2 October,all,jascimar18,"Ok, I bought this game with high hopes despite the many negative comments but It for some reason I am losing interest already. I will provide feedback as I still hope this game will be awesome.1. Items such as the light fairy rune whenever I have it on my quick toolbar and uses it once, for some reason the remaining numbers becomes disfigured and I can not use another one unless I open and exit my inventory. Its happens with the healing rune as well.2. I had the tutorial dialogue box stuck on my screen for a while and it would not go away until the game crashed.That is it for now."
,Not Recommended,529180,34856136,Posted: 10 September,all,False,This game is anti fun. Many things about this game seem to be frustrating for the sake of being frustrating.
,Not Recommended,529180,33724310,Posted: 22 July,all,Deceiver Gaming,I cannot log into the damn game. I can go through the main menu and server select but then it's just infinite loading...can anyone help with this problem?
76561198030945114,Recommended,529180,33697669,Posted: 21 July,all,rob225,"Honest upfront review.I see a lot of negative reviews by people with less than an hour of play time or no play time at all.I purchased Dark & Light because it was only $25 and I will be purchasing Citadel: forged with fire.I’m an Ark fan and so are the 50,000 plus people who are currently playing Ark so the Ark clone complaint does not bother me. The game is an Ark clone or reskin. Many of the interfaces and game mechanics are the same as Ark.  With that the game is fun, runs stable and has good graphics.For the longest time, I wanted Ark with a monetary player based economy and fantasy theme play. Dark & Light is just that. If Citadel: forged with fire turns out to be a bomb I will be playing Dark & Light. I would recommend any player who is interested in the game style to take part in the Citadel free beta coming out on the 22nd. I’m going to compare the two and see which is better. Dark & Light will be a fun game to play but Citadel looks better."
76561198030859692,Recommended,529180,33697712,Posted: 21 July,all,ourfreeminds,Try playing single player i.e host your own game.I found out how to setup non dedicated server under general topicsand wow what a difference! the game suddenly now has no negativetrolling. :)The game even runs with no lag. Boom!!
76561198032062514,Not Recommended,529180,33724257,Posted: 22 July,all,lazzarus170882,"Mindless grinding. After 10 minutes of useless harvesting, you'll start to wonder why you're there and why you would continue to grind. Then you realise ther's no end goal nor storyline, nothing, just aimless harvesting."
,Recommended,529180,33751173,Posted: 23 July,all,Ohmygodbro,"A lot of fun, 10/10"
,Recommended,529180,33706123,Posted: 21 July,all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"EA review and will change later after more timeI see alot of neg post saying this game is like ARK.....it is to a point and those guys saying this are the same guys who reviewed other games that are clones with positive ones{ lets get real most games are clones of others }The game is very good looking and seems the world was made with care and not just rushed.Water , trees , sky etc are very well done.The monsters are great looking.Sound is goodGameplay is good . Your fighting is pretty much swords, bows and magic which sometimes also gets buggy at times but still fun because its EA and not done. The magic spells are deadly and kinda steal the show in combat and i hope that gets leveled out a little so sword users don't feel weak but that being said you can use both.Then there is the PvP guys which is great but some guys are just being jerks waiting to kill noobs at starting area < make friends and kill them they will stop lol>. The game has houses <clans> so you can team up and do stuff i am still waiting to see if there are bonuses to it or not.Crafting and stuff is like ARK but no points to spend  you do get points to use on stats HP/MP/STM like a RPG game.You gather up stuff and level that skill like any other RPG start with low level stuff grind and get better.One thing that sucks is loading time to get in game but once in you are good to go.Overall it is like ARK but a more RPG feel and i think it will be great! ARK started off just like this and they still pumping out stuff on that game and never stopped which is rare in these style games and I HOPE they do for this. Its EA so its going to have these problems like every other game and the 1/2 HOUR  player time reviews or ARK haters might make you miss out like i almost did."
76561198241945862,Recommended,529180,33708499,Posted: 21 July,all,halie85,"Awesome game those who are written reviews probablly played only on official servers which are pretty cancerous at the moment, due to the game being new and all. if you want a better game quality you should try unofficial is my recomendation love it 10 stars outta 10"
,Recommended,529180,33714596,Posted: 22 July,all,Juno,"I really don't know why this is being slated so much, I've found it nothing but enjoyable so far. Enjoyable combat, building and general game play and exploring.Do yourself a favour and if you're thinking of buying it just get it and play it for yourself."
76561198017483200,Not Recommended,529180,33988615,Posted: 3 August,all,Palerider,"Too buggy to evaluate, not worth the time until they fix the majority of their ""Optimization"" issues."
,Not Recommended,529180,34221763,Posted: 13 August,all,CrypticMetafour,"This game runs like hot garbage. It has a lot of potential but with no rails it quickly becomes a grind fest that forces you to fumble through the unintelligible skill tree at 7-15 fps, this game needs a much better skill tree and a tutorial that gets you started and gives you direction. The shopkeepers need to carry more money on average, and magic works in a dumb way. It can be amazing but needs a lot of work"
76561198027146826,Recommended,529180,33714006,Posted: 21 July,all,Deighv,It's Ark meets Skyrim.  I don't know what everyone is so upset about.
76561198326984676,Recommended,529180,33685183,Posted: 20 July,all,marcelosidiomar,"Devido ao grande numero de reviews negativos eu achei importante fazer um review mesmo com apenas 1,7 horas de jogo.Joguei o single player apenas, os graficos sao muito bons, as paisagens sao lindas. O jogo tem muitas semelhanças com o Ark, como sons, um pouco do UI e os graficos, mas em termos de categoria de jogo é totalmente diferente, é muito mais um MMORPG com quests, NPCs, mercado, e claro com PvP. O simples fato de existirem NPCs humanos com os quais interagimos já coloca este jogo muito distante do Ark.Nao tive nenhum problema de performance, fora agumas travadinhas mas que nao incomodaram muito e o tempo de loading.Em se tratando de um EA esta muito bom, porem nao se deve esquecer que virão muito wipes e mudanças pela frente, então se voce gosta de jogar PvP, por exemplo, e é competitivo, lembre-se que provavelmente tudo que construiu e seus niveis serão apagados ao longo do caminho, como acontece com todos EA. O jogo promete ser muito bom e não vejo justificativa para tantos reviews negativos."
76561198003225579,Not Recommended,529180,34808863,Posted: 7 September,all,Crayne,"Fun game, but there are at the moment several serious gamebreaking bugs with it, which is why i can't recommend it, even after the amount of time i spent in it, because a LOT of this time was spent swearing and cursing.Being killed is fine with me in a survival game, however dying over and over through bugs, being stuck and falling through the world very quickly gets tired and leaves me very angry with the game.Not to talk about vegetation overwhelming bases after patches, which leaves me visually ♥♥♥♥ed :-D"
,Recommended,529180,33681738,Posted: 20 July,all,Overlord One4,It has lag but looks like it is going to be good
,Recommended,529180,33687341,Posted: 20 July,all,Hexx,"So far so good...Dark & Light is a strange mix of Ark & Skyrim or Elder Scrolls Online. I have so far only played the game in single player mode & I will never play PVP. I am hoping that they release some servers for PVE as this is the only way I will play.But so far, the game looks good & plays well...I have very little understanding of how to level up, & it would be useful to have some information somewhere as to how this is done...I love the way you can make your character look however you want it to look like. Something of which Ark should take note. There are no clones in this game...All in all, I would reccomend that people get this game, with the full understanding that it is very early access, & therefore incomplete...Big thumbs up from me... :D"
76561197993027643,Recommended,529180,33734719,Posted: 22 July,all,crash_,"In it's current state, the game is not really a game. More like a series of half working mashed up older survival mechanics where you will be constantly cockblocked by level restrictions while monsters destroy everything you have managed to scrape together. 8 of 10, would throw my keyboard across the room again."
,Recommended,529180,33855977,Posted: 28 July,all,⒱Cat,fantasy..
,Recommended,529180,33880378,Posted: 29 July,all,Requiem,"Its ARK, but with magic :)"
76561198051826102,Recommended,529180,33881860,Posted: 29 July,all,Selvix,Great game. Has some bugs as to be expected
76561198165211969,Recommended,529180,33892453,Posted: 29 July,all,UniFuzz,"I know it's early access and all, or if it's just my computer running bad FPS, but for some reason the game keeps glitching back to the beginning. Don't know if I'm able to fix this or not, since I really wish to play this game, but it looks good nonetheless!"
76561198071689923,Recommended,529180,33856291,Posted: 28 July,all,samwolf,its ok maybe its here to replace ark its pretty much same game but with magic
76561198063600826,Recommended,529180,33733929,Posted: 22 July,all,Beta Queen,Love Dark And Light cant wait to see so much more. Happy to take the ride with ya'll ! See ya in game xoxox
76561198034924619,Recommended,529180,33870758,Posted: 28 July,all,greggsgotgame,Addicting as ****
,Recommended,529180,34050199,Posted: 5 August,all,King,great
76561198043036677,Recommended,529180,34004213,Posted: 3 August,all,Richieplz,bust gaimrealstatistic grafuksbooneless10/3 -ign
76561198002965658,Recommended,529180,33927128,Posted: 31 July,all,Lost Intelligence,"Early Access is an ingenious idea by the industry to get people to actually pay to beta test (and support) their products. That being said, remember if you pick this game up now you are in fact a beta tester and paying to be so.As a fan of Ark and what it brought to the 'survival' genre, my bias is in favor of their parent companies offering.If you want to get in at a lower price than launch and get that 'head start', I fully recommend this game. You will deal with bugs in the software and it will feel a little incomplete but it is still very playable and a time sink. At the time of this review, I only have 11 hours so there isn't too much for me to say but I have greatly enjoyed what I have played so far.EDIT: I play on a private server, as I do on all these type games. I enjoy them for the PvE/building and avoid PvP.I have found that closing the game while load screen is 'stuck' will cut the time in half. This desperately needs fix however EA is about fixing these things. The game is playable and bugs will entertain as well as frustrate.Updates to the game are frequent and despite what impatient people may say, they do seem to listen to the community."
,Not Recommended,529180,33984578,Posted: 2 August,all,Assassinx2524 (ORDER OF SHADOW),will not even load in to a server crashed everytiem getting a refund
76561198183876393,Not Recommended,529180,33989729,Posted: 3 August,all,Abool,"While this game has tons of potential, and I look forward to playing it when it is perfected a bit more, right now it suffers from several fundementally devestating issues. With desync that leave you spending more time trying to harvest a kill then killing 5 other things the process of resource collection is terrible, and this most recent update asked for another 46 GB on top of its already existing 60GB of existing game. This game needs optimization, while I applaude them pumping out updates to try to resolve the game breakings bugs that were present when the game was released they need to consolidate their coding and keep their game managable in size, its asking for more meory than either Sktrim or the Witcher 3 now. I look forward to a day that this game gets to a more optimized build, as I think its has more potential than Ark did, but we will have to wait and see."
,Not Recommended,529180,34420280,Posted: 22 August,all,Zlta,Specs they want  you to have dont even matter still low FPS wouldnt buy until 1 or 2 years from now
76561198020662851,Not Recommended,529180,34099248,Posted: 8 August,all,Carizzmax,Didn't like it
,Not Recommended,529180,34348881,Posted: 19 August,all,Phucked,"broken, no working official servers, game just crashes out while trying to connect to an unofficial server single player only at this point"
,Not Recommended,529180,34367875,Posted: 20 August,all,[HFG] Cyplex,"This game was really laggy... I am going to say because it was becase of the fact that it is unoptimized, I like the concept of the game it looks good and could be fun but the fact that it took me an hour alone to even get anything done because I was lagging to damn bad it only made be feel the need to not want to play it at all.So I spent a hour lagging the whole time at that getting 4-5 FPS just trying to do the starter tasks... Now after getting thoses done for the most part and getting to the last starter task ""Something level"" you should be at 3/4 levels.. You need to get to level 4, so you go mine some things and kill some animals around you and level to level 4.... Then the task just sits there...You open the task menu pressing O the menu opens and there is the list of tasks to do to the right of the screen, than on the left there are different people to do the tasks for, you click around trying to start a new task or whatever at this point just to get that other task off your objective bar.... Yet it doesn't work so you just read the other tasks and do them the best you can... Or you run off and go do what you want which is explore the game see what cool things are in the game you just spent $30+ bucks on...As you run around you see things people have built and all this cool fun♥♥♥♥♥♥and then you realize you have to do the tasks so that you get to the tasks that give you the ability to craft or learn to build and you still have that task on your screen and your level 15 out of the 4 ♥♥♥♥ing levels it asks you to be out of and so you just get mad and leave the game and want to refund it.....!!!!!!"
76561197960288708,Recommended,529180,34392817,Posted: 21 August,all,Jacks,"ppl need bosses, raids, somthing to begin with. it looks like the update are made by one person so small update that dont make alot of changes. this game need alot of updates and bigs updates. even if its early access this game need more alot more."
76561198070700654,Recommended,529180,34229919,Posted: 13 August,all,ŅečroŘoŢ,"Bug reportPlayed about. 52hours so far.. Bugs i have found include..Summoning stone not working, cant save creaturesSmall capture stone not working..I have reset gamr to default settings, and reinstalled game but still does not workCloak colors disappear when riding on mounts..Summoning pool, if build its is there.When i exit game and login again cant see it vanished, but can still use it if i k ow where i placed it"
,Recommended,529180,33943631,Posted: 1 August,all,Onii-Chan,"So I'm not downvoting because it may be my fault but all I've had is that it opened, and now it won't open again haha."
76561198154145919,Recommended,529180,33875479,Posted: 29 July,all,Nathan Explosion,All i know is Kotija Jr. Taco Shop is fire
,Recommended,529180,33985760,Posted: 2 August,all,Gahma,"Oh, I have to wait a minute to respawn and then punch air for another 15 minutes to get 5 berries only to be killed and looted? Okay."
,Recommended,529180,33709304,Posted: 21 July,all,kababowie,Great outdoors and lots of potential!
08758080464805252,Recommended,529180,34132048,Posted: 9 August,all,ZomB.EwoK,Havent been under meshed yet. 10/10
76561198414589220,Not Recommended,529180,34913456,Posted: 12 September,all,Wolvenmask,"i liked this game for its building aspects, taming wild creatures, and the gathering of creatures/plants/etci didnt like the pvp aspect because its not really balanced at all, the melee doesnt hit things for around 5-10 seconds due to lag, i feel its not really completed yet in early access, but the lag makes it terrible to gather or do things realistically, the magic was really unbalanced due to lightning spells doing 3x more damage then other spells, instant cast and more mobility, which i liked, but the damage could use a nerf, and the other spells need buffed and be instant cast for realistic pvp aspects, the ranged with bows/arrows was ok, but seems to miss even when fired at a red mark due to lag possibly, and the ability to lose everything as a new player was overwhelming, if i cant keep anything as a new player or have a small safe area to begin, i dont think its really realistic at all, the towns were completely unsafe, which is ok, but people can just loot your items directly from your unconcious body, so yeah, my first encounter with pvp led to a massive guild(house) coming to my aid, which was cool, but i lost everything initially, and then the other guy did due to a large as monster which completely overpowered them, it was cool at the time, but thinking about the other side, i doubt it was very fun, if u just lose everything with no chance of getting the items back(other players overgear you, outlevel you, and have the best buildings in game) theres really not much you can do about it, ive never played this style of game before, but it just seems to remove all wants to play it in that regard.My Guild(house) experience was cool initially, but they just used me for gathering resources and then just dropped me from guild without any time to retrieve my personal items, i was completely locked in my own built house and had no way to get out, so i had to trigger death and leave all items there to get out.All in all, i think i just had a bad player experience with others, and the game itself seemed fine when there wasnt any real lag issues, was fun taming things, learning how to survive(minus the no quests/guides), and i actually had fun building bases, overall, i think it was fun to a point, where u could proly just play for a day or a week, then quit as a solo player, as a group player with trustworthy people, i think you would have a fun time."
,Recommended,529180,33776366,Posted: 24 July,all,BmanBlaze,come check out our new server!   #1 DNL server atmWebsite:www.EmberStoneGames.comcurrently 20 players online! LAG FREE GUARANTEEDLook for us on the in-game server list!The official game server name is called:EmberStoneGamesServer IP:144.217.10.190:27015Discord server:https://discord.gg/sMBRaNxSERVER RATES: hunger and thirst stats buffed Third Person – Enabled XP - 3x Gather - 5x Taming - 8xDedicated Server Specs:Gaming i7 6700k (Overclocked)32GB Overclocked DDR3 RAM2x SSD raid 0 configuration (2x speed)
76561197977555236,Not Recommended,529180,33699245,Posted: 21 July,all,MugHug,"Quick first impression.UPDATE: Have to be negative about all the issues with asia culture players and their conduct on western player servers. Publishers need to get a handle on this or game will be virtually dead in a few months.As far as an Early Access game released just one day ago DnL is not that bad really. It does feel like ARK in many ways but then again it does not. Yep, it is early days yet and anything can happen but for now I do not regret buying into DnL. Yes, it is a risk buying into the game and one that each of you has to decide on for yourselves, but for me I am having fun.As far as EA titles go it is clearly not the worse out there and It just seems all of the negative feedback is not very objective at the moment. As time moves on I am seeing that the score for DnL is increasing. Unless you are willing to put up with a product that is rough around the corners I would wait but if you can tolerate such then give it a go.Running DnL on a i5-6600K, GTX970 and 16Gb RAM and it is quite playable. Notice that (for me) running from an SSD instead of a 7200rpm HD does improves load times nicely. Performance wise this is an EA title that needs lots of optimization, so be warned."
76561198049631277,Recommended,529180,34711482,Posted: 3 September,all,darkbat069,"Well I like the game to a point so far but there are some issues that need a lot of work. First of all I started the game and been going through the tasks. One task has me running around town clearing things and collecting stuff because rent can be steep and I can sell this stuff to vendors for rent. HOWEVER you can't rent anything, it's broke and there's only been a couple of times I was able to sell anything to a vendor. I had the required amount and at the right vendor but it just wouldn't work. I can buy things from them but not sell things to them. So making gold is limited to running around a city and busting barrels open.So I go just outside the town to build a small dwelling. At this point I'm only lvl 8 and I'm forced to build a dwelling so I can place a chest to keep some items in it. There are lvl 40-112 bad creatures out there!?!?! How can I even start to establish myself when I can't even build a small house and live!?!? Seriously, no game will be enjoyable if you are forced to stay within a city to run around harvest grinding up to lvl 50ish and still there were some creatures over lvl 100 out there. I had my house started, a simple 2x3 floor plan, walls and a door so far. I had ran inside my house away from a lvl 44 creature and it started to attack one of my walls to get inside after me. I had to dash out the door and head towards the town to avoid getting my house demolished. I expect as I level up more I'd be able to make more and better housing stuff but that seems impossible anywhere outside of town. I was chased into town once by a lvl 105 Dark Wraithe and it tore through the first two guards before the others took it down. I mean if the NPC guards can be killed by the creatures just outside of the town, what chances do I stand at lvl 8!?!?It's a decent game and has tons of potnetial but the devs need to realize no matter how THEY want to design and work with the game, if they can't keep players playing it what's the point!?!?! Their only bragging rights would be ""We made this really awesome and challenging game, but no one wants to play it.""  So if you are in this to sell a game and make some money Snail, you might want to make it more player friendly and acutally playable!I will give it a YES for now with hopes they get their head out of their butts and realize what the players want and not just make a super hard game no one likes playing."
76561198339331466,Recommended,529180,33780045,Posted: 24 July,all,让子弹飞一会儿,very good，this is very interesting computer games.i am very like
76561198053336869,Not Recommended,529180,34358241,Posted: 19 August,all,Leviathan,"As of right now, I don't really enjoy the game. It just got released a few weeks ago, so theres not much in it right now. Also the poor optimization. Might come back later."
,Not Recommended,529180,33897820,Posted: 29 July,all,Biggles,"This is an initially interesting game with potential, but it's a terrible grind for soloing;. Like most other open world multiplayer games, you will need questing buddies to progress.Leveling your character ddoesn't get you much. You SLOWLY gain abilities via crafting recipies by performing resource-gathering in the laggy, glitchy environment. You do this by punching roicks and bushes for hours. But the stuff you gather doesn't persist most of the time, even if you build a chest or house. Every time you login you have died while offline, or have all your resources looted. I'm level 9, have played 13 hours and can't make it much further than the starter area. In a normal MMO or RPG I would expect to levvel faster at earlier stages, but this (by appearances of people who stream it) is just the opposite.It's not the learning curve of the game, it''s the grinding curve. Not worth the money."
76561198320143065,Not Recommended,529180,34356007,Posted: 19 August,all,ÅηgεlEyεs,"Edit: As of the most recent patch on 9/23/2017, over half of the people that was a very small amount to begin with, quit playing this game, including myself and 12 of my friends and my husband.The developer has 100% tanked this game and every single patch they do makes the game 100% not enjoyable and majority of the time unplayable.Now you log in to overly agressive animals thanks to the imbecil dev team, inside your home, that kill you instantly, and animals that now run in packs of 7 to 12 at a time including panthers, wolves, bears, griffins, rock elementals.. there is no way to do tames any longer because EVERYTHING within the world distance agros you and your tame and 1 hits it.Panthers now level 8 1 hit or 2 hit people in starter areas.Wolves level 8 1 to 2 hit medium level players in starter and everywhere else areas.Rock elementals 1 hit tames with over 4k health.DO NOT waste your money on this pathetic piece of utter cr**.And the community..The community of this game is SO horrid-it is by far the worst community I've ever seen in my entire life of gaming.I made a bug report recently on female sounds-and not only did I get labeled and harassed-for days, by dozens of people-for being a ""feminist"", but was also egged on by DataWarlock, to get others to keep pushing me, so that I would slit both my wrists and kill myself.I'm sorry but that isn't a community I want any part of.Then when I tried to report him, and get Valve to do something about someone trying to make a person commit suicide-and yes, that word was thrown out there too-I got further bullied and harassed on Dark and Lights OFFICIAL forums, and told Entrapment is also against the law; since I had mentioned it was against the law for someone to try and make a person self harm or kill themselves.So if you buy this game you'll get to enjoy these wonderful little idiots year round-and I'm quite certain they will NOT get any better or more civilized as the game progresses."
76561198119157927,Recommended,529180,34068164,Posted: 6 August,all,Sir.Nerdbane,"Only 36 hours in so far, so this is not an indepth review.Just want to make sure a thumbs up is here for now, game has been everything I wanted so far.Lot of complaints about lag, server trouble etc..... They are either not even bothering to look around for a few fixes/help, or they are trolls. I only have a medium ground pc,GTX 96016gb RamAMDFX8350 octo core- 3.5standard sata 3 drivesstandard monitorI have managed to play the game fine, I am using a launch option to force the game to use all cores and that seems to help, also one for forcing vsync off. Have not lost anything to crashes yet and pretty much get 50 fps constantly on a dedicated public server (pve).I shall update this in the future with a proper review but for if you're sitting on the fence and have a good pc, then buy it :)"
,Not Recommended,529180,33983161,Posted: 2 August,all,Valeron,"I wanted to like this game but the graphics right now are terrible even on max (nothing like in the videos and screenshots), it takes 10-15 minutes to load in to a server (if it loads at all) and once you get in there is so much lag on the server that you rubberband or it takes 1 minute or so after harvesting to get your resources. Myself, my wife, and my brother all had this same experience and had to request a refund. Might be worth it later but in it's current broken state it is unplayable and not worth it."
76561198029226808,Recommended,529180,33707914,Posted: 21 July,all,cellindrome,Glad i didn't listen to negative reviews. game is very buggy but that is to be expected.I can see the potential in this game taking over Ark. It will take some time and a lot of hardwork on the devs part. Great start devs hope to see the finished product in a few years.
76561198145735803,Recommended,529180,33714127,Posted: 21 July,all,webb1940,While it dose have some bugs and gliches they are few and can be overlooked seeing as it is still in early access. i have played this game for around 10 or more hours and i can tell you if you like ark you will love this game i would recomend this to any one that loves ark.
76561198066628611,Recommended,529180,33714565,Posted: 22 July,all,singing_beef_pie,TO ALL THE PEOPLE SAYING  THIS GAME IS TO MUCH LIKE  ARK . Once this game is polished it will blow arc out of the water i like it and i look forward to the bug fixes  still alot of work to be done . npc spells and  differnt weapons taming method is alot like arc but fun.
,Not Recommended,529180,34173456,Posted: 11 August,all,VeridisQuo,"Game crashed everytime I tried to connect to a server.  Really wish I could have played this, I was looking forward to playing it."
76561198291894014,Recommended,529180,35175547,Posted: 24 September,all,Finladin,"Fun to play. Good community. Still in EA so there a some problems, but its actually WAY more then playable it's really fun. Devs have responded to every email i've sent within a day. It feels like it's patched every week. Official servers are not fun, to much grind. Lots of excellent unofficials just google it."
,Recommended,529180,35228305,Posted: 26 September,all,Red,Really cool game! Has some bugs that really need to be fixed like the tutorial. I have to log out in order to go past a part of the tutorial or else it will just be there.. Aswell as other weird stupid bugs and glitchs and there is a couple weird spots on the map that you can fall into and get stuck. But other then that the game is over all great! :)
,Recommended,529180,35191071,Posted: 24 September,all,retarded dinosaur,great game new update makes it very hard to do anything panthers and wolfs everywhere.vrocks have a very hard time landing and how high you can jump is Ridiculous but beyond that it is a great game i highly reccomend it.
76561198039618827,Recommended,529180,35143557,Posted: 22 September,all,PHANTOMHATE,"(single player gaming) Today is Sept 22. I have played for over a week and this game has never crashed. I am running Ultra setting, textures maxed, 1920 by 1080 full screen, 5 way surround. I have had stalling and 2 times it loaded unplayable but not one crash and no data loss.The game: great crafting, great exploration, good  character customizing but not great, beautiful graphics.I don't play multiplayer and I don't know how good the lore is yet.Compared to Ark: All the fun of Ark is in Dark and Light and they added more materials, more items, more and more.(remember i play single player) Ark starts you helpless and misplaced and you evolve to surviving and then conquering. The primitive items, the dinos, and the landscape in Ark all fit so well together it is an unmatchable game. Dark and Light is so similiar but it does not feel natural like Ark or Ark Scorched Earth. I chose Dark and Light because I do not have time to play Ark and play Skyrim. I am level 36 on Dark and Light, it's AWESOME, but I may go back to Ark and Skyrim.Conclusion: Awesome game, awesome fun, runs fine single player."
,Recommended,529180,35214132,Posted: 25 September,all,Raistlyn,"There is lots to love about this and I highly recommend it to anyone who loves survival + high fantasy RPG. The world is beautiful and dramatic. There are plenty of different types of resources to craft to your hearts content! Just keep in mind this is an early release and there is a LOT of things that need to be done for this to be a great game.There are no quests, no narrative and skills are still very limited. Combat is clumsy so no matter how powerful your spells are once you come toe-to-toe with more than one beast you are screwed and you can say goodbye to that beautiful armor you spent so long crafting.Home/base building is fun and progression through the skills from Straw - Wood - Stone..... is well structured but your building options are still limited so everyone’s base tends to look the same. It really needs the option to 'override' snap points and obstructions. The ability to plaster, paint and the edition of some exotic materials like carpets, rugs, glass is much needed - great opportunity for quest rewards!If you like magic, be disappointed. There are only a handful of spells and very little thought seems to have gone into what a Mage in this world might be like. I really hope this changes as the game develops.Multiplayer seems pointless. While it’s nice to know your neighbours, there is no real motivation or system in place to befriend people or go exploring together.I will continue playing, but Im just waiting for something better to come along."
76561198048181648,Recommended,529180,35205191,Posted: 25 September,all,dedinger01,"If you can accept the fact that you purchased the bugs/glitches/crashes that come with this Early Access title then you will love this game. If you are also a fan of medieval fantasy then this is the game you have been waiting for. Since the first day I played Dungeons &Dragons I have been waiting for its video game counterpart to arrive. Well here it is...YOUR grand fantasy has arrived. In the very first few minutes of play I was assaulted and robbed by a group of villianous goblins...now mind you they DID NOT kill me,...nearly knocked me unconscious and stole all my belongings...I was astounded and laughing all at the same time. Since that first jaw dropping moment I have yet been unable to pull my jaw off the floor...I've seen every manner of fantasy beast in this game and they all seem to be gleaned directly from the D&D Monsters Compendium. As well as the incredible bestiary I have seen gorgeous snow capped peaks, an active volcano, hidden cemetaries, as well as other mysteries that I have yet to determine what they are. As this is only Early Access I imagine there are terrains, maps, dungeons, monsters, civilians, and many other mysterious scenarios yet to be implemented,..and I CANNOT wait. The devs English translation definitely could use some expansion and improvement as well but that is irrelivent. Build, survive, tame, and conqeur. Give it a try, if you're a fantasy lover you will NOT be disappointed."
,Recommended,529180,34433016,Posted: 23 August,all,Nobledroid Gaming Stream,Absolutely love this game. I'm hooked.
,Recommended,529180,34704745,Posted: 3 September,all,Caprine,This game is in very early access and as expected doesn't have a lot of content. Definitely a game to keep an eye on in the future.
76561198060450026,Recommended,529180,34710139,Posted: 3 September,all,Firewoood,"really a very fun games. for a game that has just come out, I believe that it could have a beautiful future. the texture is very good, good game has all: P hahah sorry for my english it is not very good. : P"
76561198406817117,Not Recommended,529180,33739473,Posted: 23 July,all,arkshu_ro2002,"I was not safe in my own house, and the house too easy to destroy. You get stuck in game allthough you are offline so people can kill you and lose everything on you. There are no safe zones , anyone can kill you anywhere even if you are offline (big big problem from my point of view). Aparently after getting house robbed you can not interact with your own house anymore, allthough it sais you are the owner (so big bug here), i guess the only thing left to do is to turn dark side and destroy everyone`s homes."
76561197995207105,Not Recommended,529180,33790981,Posted: 25 July,all,BuildTheWall,"This game while obviously early access, has many clear design problems which are not likely to be revisted in the polish phase. Let's make a quick comparison to ark, especially the early game portion. As survival games, your main early game goal is to set up a simple base with storage and a respawn. With a foundation this is only 3 structures, simple stuff right? In ark this is very easy to accomplish which lets you quickly move on to more entertaining challenges, such as dinos trying to eat you. In dark and light, this very basic setup instead of taking maybe 15 minutes, is going to take you many hours, as you have to grind much longer to even access these basic necessities.The grind is obviously also not fun currently due to the complete lack of any polish, such as rabbits and sheep being almost impossible to hit with melee weapons. This means that most everyone who tries this game is going to drop it really fast. The horrendous spend 12 hours to tame this thing mechanic also got even worse, as now you need a location where you can build a feeding trough in order to tame creatures, and you can't build near other people's buildings. The ark style primitve equipment and the high power magic don't really mix thematically either, and I'm going to count that as bad design.Right now all you are buying is a promise."
76561198043470212,Not Recommended,529180,33722132,Posted: 22 July,all,Drezaem,"I really can't tell you what I liked about the game because I didn't get a chance to do anything in the game. Firstly, there is the incredibly long loading screen to get into a server, bring a snack. After finally getting into the game, picking a faction, and creating my character, my avatar enters the game world. I get my first tutroial mission, go harvest. A list pops up for the items required to complete the task and off i go in search of blueberries without much in the way of guidance. But I know that blueberries will likely be found outside of town so I head in the direction I hope is correct. Lucky for me it was. So here I am punching a bush trying to gather the resources I need and some level 6 character approaches and proceeds to kill me with his sword. So I wait for the 1 minute respawn timer and enter the world again. And there that same character is, waiting at the respawn only to kill me again as soon as I spawn. Now I am a bit irritated that you can't even spawn safely. But I do not let this stop me and decide to choose another spawn. No insta-kill this time, whew. So I makemy way back out of town, find a bush to punch when all of a sudden I am on fire and the level 6 character is attacking me again, this time with magic. Dead a third time and I have yet to complete the first mission in the tutorial. PvP is all well and good but if you cant even get through the tutorial to even learn about the game how do you expect to keep players?So I give up on PvP and switch to PvE, long load screen hasnt changed but at least I saved my character template so I don'thave to do that all over again. I get my first quest, head out to ather blueberries only to find the surrounding countryside practically devoid of life; havestable materials have been replace by scores of player made constructs. Ah well, to be expected I guess. I venture further away and finally find what I am looking for and low and behold I spend five minutes punch this poor bush only to get nothing for my troubles. I read through the in-game chat and it seems this problem afflicts most of the population. The only suggestion to fix the problem is to suicide your character and respawn. Doesn't sound like a solution to me. Everything I have luckily harvested would still be in my corpse and I would have to hope some random player didn't come by and loot it all before I could get back from respawning to retrieve it. Luckily, in PvE, there is no timer on respawn. I power through and make some progress in the quest line when I get to a quest that asks me wo sell 100 gold worth of stuff to merchants. Low and behold this is broken too. Suggested fix? Get to level 8 to get to the new quest line and skip this one. *scoff* Again, how do you expect to keep players if even your beginning quests are broken?"
76561198042507887,Not Recommended,529180,33682434,Posted: 20 July,all,Azraeil,"So after twenty minutes of waiting on a long nondescript loading screen I finally get to make my character. I create it and jump into the world, graphics are great, although there's this omni- present thumping sound everywhere I go, I grit my teeth and bear it. I decidce to start recording for Youtube, activate fraps and low and behold a odd shaped black bar appears on my screen... out of sheer curiosity I check for info on this phenomena... I find none, so i check my footage... I have never seen a capture error like this before, red and wavy like some sort of nightmare my footage is beyond incomprehensible, so I am refunding this game based on the inability to actually record my adventures.A small note, I would purchase this again in the future once it gets more polish, but currently if I cnanot share my fun with others I'm not interested."
76561198026081304,Not Recommended,529180,34682023,Posted: 2 September,all,Will Dresdon,"Couldn't get into any servers to play, so I refunded. Might come back to this later though..."
,Not Recommended,529180,33722130,Posted: 22 July,all,Kytronix,"It's kinda like ARK blended with some mmorpg features.The lvl-ing system is really grindy.Though the PVE and PVP aspects of the game is really fun.So if you like survival games like ARK/Conan/Rust, but also want something different then this might be for you.Though I can't recommend this at the moment due to the really bad optimization.Almost unplayable with 10-20fps..CPU: Intel Core i7-4790GPU: MSI GeForce GTX 970 4GBRAM: HyperX Fury DDR3 1600MHz 16GB BlackPlayed on Epic aswell as Medium settings, nothing changed with the fps."
,Not Recommended,529180,34676082,Posted: 1 September,all,St,"It's not a game yet. But it is updating unnecessarily everyday. Perhaps it'll make a nice game one day, but not today."
76561198386329252,Not Recommended,529180,33962305,Posted: 1 August,all,Vuurijs,Should have known before purchasing this game that it was going to be an un optimized pile of garbage much like Ark Survival. I have a pretty nice computer which should be able to run a  game like this without any issues but was greeted with a solid 24 FPS on the lowest preset. If you don't have a top of the line PC i really strongly don't recommened this game to you.
,Not Recommended,529180,33679472,Posted: 20 July,all,Modesty,"At the moment, it's pretty unplayable for me. My computer isn't a top tier one, but I can play Black Desert Online without any problems on average graphics. For this game, I dropped all my settings to the lowest and it still stutters in single player.Character customization is pretty poor at the moment too.But the fact is, this game is still in Alpha. I hope for the best in upcoming updates."
76561198130858509,Not Recommended,529180,33756014,Posted: 23 July,all,PhxGhostHunter,"Its early access so it may get better as time goes on. As of right now, it really isnt anywhere near enjoyable. Needs major gameplay fixes. In all reality for what it is this game should be priced under $10, as $25 is way too expensive. My friend I was playing with got so annoyed with the basic gameplay he quit mid game, and really vowed never to play again."
76561198071957377,Not Recommended,529180,33768058,Posted: 24 July,all,BluJacketG,"Well, again like ARK I have a 970, core i7 and I can run most games at max settings. However this game seems to struggle at even low settings...that needs to be fixed. Other wise your gaming community will start to shrink."
,Not Recommended,529180,34496853,Posted: 25 August,all,KingDoogan,"Just a bad game in general.>fanboys: the game is only in early access give it time>normal joe: the game runs like scheisse tho>fanboys: but early access>normal joe: the AI is broken and there are so many exploits and cheaters>fanboys: EARLY ACCESS>normal joe: the game needs first person view>fanboys: yeah truThis games a piece of garbage, it may be recycled to make something better and different but it is already another piece of garbage."
,Recommended,529180,33679098,Posted: 20 July,all,Skylight,It's ok
,Not Recommended,529180,33942525,Posted: 31 July,all,Kevin Rogers,"The game is in bad shape when I started it up. I have a GTX 970 and i7-4790k and I cant even run the game optimally at 30fps. Yes I know the game is EA but it doesn't mean there are still standards FPS and optimizations. What made me refund the game is 1/20 of my melee swings would register on servers with 40~ ping.At this state, 1:30am EST 8/1/17, the game is unplayable due to the melee bug."
76561198268617644,Recommended,529180,33692644,Posted: 21 July,all,Naashgod,"Don't listen to the negative reviews like poor performance and ""the graphics doesn't looks like as good as the screenshots and trailers"".The performance is not bad, just turn down the graphics and resolution then restart the game.I don't have a very good beast pc but i can run smooth 50-60 fps.Some people wrote a review the graphics doesn't good.Man if you turn on all the graphics settings like high quality materials, scattering etc. you have a way better graphics than Ark! Just if you changed the graphics restart the game.The Game World is way better than Ark. Yes, the game have optimaziation issues, bugs and crashes. But in the first release is better than Ark on the first day i think. Little lag issues on servers but not too much. The hitbox really bad in the official server i hope its fixed soon. The loading is very slow its true.The official servers progression is very slow, slower than Ark but i hope they increase the rates.The Game really like Ark but with rpg elements, and a better world.This game created nearly same devs as Ark i think, because Snail Games has Wildcard studio, but this doesn't matter.Anyway, give this game a try because its not bad as the review said, this game is awesome and gets better and better with updates."
,Not Recommended,529180,33842113,Posted: 27 July,all,shkeptikal,"I can't say I won't come back to it eventually, but for the time being, DnL just feels wayyyy too much like a fantasy Ark mod. It has some solid ideas and tries to differentiate itself from Ark but unfortunately, most of those ideas are either half baked or just plain broken at this stage in EA. There's a foundation for what could eventually be a cool game that stands on its own, depending on how the devs handle it, but until it does I won't be playing."
76561198168295073,Not Recommended,529180,33711036,Posted: 21 July,all,Ashraa,"I read the reviews about optimization, then I read the reviews telling me to ignore these reviews and ""try the game its amazing""I can confirm it runs like a potato, cant honestly comment on gameplay as I spent half my time in the initial loading screen the other half trying to fix the frame rate. In anything other than epic it looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥epic on i7 6800, 16GB and gtx 1080, runs kinda ok in places then stutters to buggery in others. also screen resolution settings dont seem to match the actual resolution the game gives.Perhaps this will receive updates in the future to fix these issues and it may prove to be a great game, but IMO these basic fixes should have been made in testing or alpha, this is pre-EA and as such can't be arsed with waiting on the possibility of improvements. refunded and won't be trying it again. Fingers crossed Citadel proves to be better."
76561198086286457,Not Recommended,529180,33764239,Posted: 24 July,all,Warlord,"thinking that this would a great game, turned out to be another waste of money, i cant even play the game cause i got a big red ring in the sky that is so blinding that i cant play the game,https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/840336770390330531/C72C5E0F5695B65B2FF40F9BE48AC1C012D8A2A5/andhttps://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/840336770390332490/99D947D1C9ED50EEC9AD04E6BADF5650864A5619/game did not do it for first 3 hours and after server crash it happend, i did try a couple of solutions they posted but nothing, not even talking about bugs and lag and glitchesso now im gona sit with this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game for ever (if they fix the problem in 2-3 years maybe) cause i exceeded my 2 hours game play and steam wont refund it, DONT BUY THIS GAME, YOU WILL WASTE YOUR MONEY"
,Not Recommended,529180,33680955,Posted: 20 July,all,Pompaii,"What the f*ck?I'M SHOOKETH.FIRST OF ALL...Loading screens took a fort night.looks nothing like the screenshots/gameplay.Horrible, just no.&& It's not even that it's early access it really doesn't look like what they portrayed it to be. o.OWhen you're gathering berries and such you look like an ape digging through some bushes.All the males I've seen look like they have hunched backs.In character customization the character keeps moving all around so it's difficult to customize the face/body.I tuned in to the livestream today whilst this game was downloading for me && whoever was livestreaming it for DnL, I was so shocked about the graphics. I was like, ""Maybe ...it's just because of the faction he chose."" <--- ME TRYING TO BE POSITIVE AND HAVE SOME HOPE.In my personal opinion the dwarf faction was ugly af to begin with but WOW those horrible graphics were in ALL the factions lol.Finally got into the game that took forever to load and it still looked like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Buggy, glitchy, FPS dropping on max graphics. Yea, yea inb4 the, ""IT'S IN EARLY ACCESS.""Pls.Just because it's in early access doesn't mean they get to lie about what the hell the game actually looks like.This was a false advert.Yikes! Did you rush the game because Citadel: Forged with Fire is coming? o.oWow. Save your money folks.I'm just waiting for my refund~"
76561198149354278,Not Recommended,529180,34213406,Posted: 13 August,all,Caveman Raven,current state; UNPLAYABLE
,Not Recommended,529180,33768577,Posted: 24 July,all,FaTaL,"I have a substantial amount of Alpha games I have played. I've been buying alpha games since DayZ the mod first launched.  I will continue to buy alpha games. With that being said I do not recommend getting this game in its current state. My tolerance for bugs and lag is incredibly high but this game actually has me frustrated.-Lots of lag-Crashes from inventory-Crashes from just looking at certain areas-Crashes from just loading into the game-Long initial load time, about 10 minutes. If you crash while loading you start that load all over again.-Harvesting resources takes forever because the server will not award you the resources. Imagine chopping a tree a few dozen times and then only getting 2 wood. Then you have to chop another dozen times but this time you get nothing. Then you chop another dozen times and finally the server is awarding you wood per swing. Then it stops and then you are chopping another dozen times hoping to get wood.Do not tell me ""Its an alpha""  I've played dozens of Alphas and there are two types: Playable Alpha's, and Barely playable Alpha's. This one is in the Barely catagory."
,Not Recommended,529180,33738886,Posted: 23 July,all,TERMINATOR {LATIN},"""We Wuzz Wizardss and shii""TL;DR: DnL is a poor example at merging Survival Sandbox and MMORPG.First ImpressionsMy first impression of this game is not good: I had to endure a 10 minute Loading screen, which is NOT NORMAL for any game...a at all.. Even under the excuse of ""First Time Loading"", The models and textures loaded up very slowly, despite my i5 and GTX 1060 can run alot of modern games on medium to high, this on medium gives off 30fps.30fps is unacceptable... and that doesnt include the constant frame drops and stutters.I know this is under the same Parent Company that made ARK. But i was hoping for a better game than ARK, not a blatant carbon copy of its UI and Mechanics. I like some of the Mechanics though, but i wish it was executed more elegantly...""The game's attempt to make a Sandbox MMORPG fails miserably. Its too early to release this.""Its Quest system was buggy and i cant hide the quest window, so i just sat there with a humongous window on my left screen.Its navigation system was a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ You had to cast a spell on the ground to see where you are, and it doesnt even pinpoint it accurately, furthermore you have to craft more map spells if you want to constantly know where you are.Its crafting leveling is somewhat... similar.. I neither like or dislike it.I think it lacks a true MMORPG element, this is more geared towards games like a small sandbox FFA pit where uncultured Barbarians fight naked and destroy bases (Rust, Reign of Kings, and ARK, etc)Lets go in-depth of what a real MMORPG is:It requires a huge world to explore, and a questing system that tells an interesting story with side-quests. A huge playerbase centered in official servers, also dedicated zones and loots. This game lacks all of it, players are able to create private dedicated servers that increases resource gain, which i love because the regular gain is too slow for me, and play with their friends or manage their own server.I like a little bit of community fun, sure. But MMORPG's community are internals; guilds, and parties inside a huge server. Us against the World."
,Not Recommended,529180,33702313,Posted: 21 July,all,123,Worst part of this game is trying to enter it ... can take up to 45 minutes at times
,Recommended,529180,33680815,Posted: 20 July,all,Bryson,Game is very good you have to remember its very early access
76561197997930373,Not Recommended,529180,34325951,Posted: 18 August,all,=GenE[+]siS=,"Don't buy if you are a asian and you want to play in official server. Theres no f given to asians, though there is unofficial servers."
76561198029239720,Not Recommended,529180,34142164,Posted: 10 August,all,Thomas Shelby,"Just another EA cash grab. ♥♥♥♥♥♥poor performance,  poor optimization even for an EA title.  Avoid for now."
76561198255149084,Recommended,529180,34205168,Posted: 12 August,all,WEAK LION,رائعة
,Not Recommended,529180,33891529,Posted: 29 July,all,Meraklija,"whiggity whack, people feel invested because they spent their money, they have to actively try to like this game by force even though its dogwank, dont waste your time or money, this game is rushed even for EA standards, super buggy and rubber bandy, main tutorial missions in the beggining incomplete or bugged out, npcs havent respawned on servers since noobs killed em the first day of release, farming is bugged and delayed, official rates are way too grindy, chop a tree for 10 mins get like 3 wood, unofficial servers wipe often so what is the point"
76561198019347931,Recommended,529180,33691057,Posted: 21 July,all,Ancare,10/10 but needs work
76561198007325831,Not Recommended,529180,33680831,Posted: 20 July,all,chris,i agree with others  plus i cant even get in the game
76561197999365337,Not Recommended,529180,33710985,Posted: 21 July,all,Sky Leviathan,"Wanted to like it. Wanted to give it a chance. Needs alot of work (yes I know it is Early Access, however). 3 seperate times I tried to tame sheep for fur was stupid as ♥♥♥♥. You waste about 3 arrows on the ♥♥♥♥ers since the only run when you root it to the ground. Then building a place for them to eat from so they can be tame leaving them defenseless for this next part; Every time I tamed tried to tame them this would happen, meteor falls summoning a wraith and skeleton and they would start killing EVERYTHING and would follow me to hell and back which it easily killed the sheep in a single swing with its line charge attack bs. This is RIGHT outside the dwarf starting place as well. I wont be coming back till some of this♥♥♥♥♥♥gets fixed. I have meteors falling on my house, my horse, me. And with it the ♥♥♥♥ing dark servants of bs to slaughter everything i spend hours setting up in a matter of minutes."
,Not Recommended,529180,33680384,Posted: 20 July,all,NoM,"This is not a good game, even for early access. It's quite literally taken Ark and reskinned all of the content.Additionally, for the game to run adequately - you need something better than a Nvidia 1080."
,Not Recommended,529180,33746503,Posted: 23 July,all,Mexas,"The game has potential, but it is a bit too unplayable at this state. I know it's early access and all, but at the moment it is too broken to recommend. I suggest waiting a couple of months before buying to see if the devs could fix some of the many bugs and performance issues."
,Recommended,529180,33691799,Posted: 21 July,all,J3xProductions,"So going into the game and having played Ark Survival Evolved. I have to say that this game gives me some of the things that Ark was missing. It gives a clear path in the beginning. Level up, complete ""quests"" and survive. All the while being entertaining with the different ways to gather materials. Oh you want apples? Well punching a tree won't help. You need to use an axe to be most effective. Sulfur is your supplement? Use an axe on a rock to skim off more of the sulfur.The game also has fantasy elements with the creatures and the magic plus the introduction of races (humans, elves, dwarves). Really well crafted and I have to say that the game, although very similar to Ark, can be a game that is very fun."
76561198178120774,Recommended,529180,33714722,Posted: 22 July,all,Rαʊεηh⊙lт,"Best way to describe ths game is with these two words, Highly Addictive. The game peaked my intrest couple weeks back when i heard some youtubers talking about a new survival style game coming soon and after seeing it finally become available i decided what the heck and went ahead and purchased it. As soon as i logged into the game the enviroment and landscaped totally shocked me and was far past what i was expecting from a alpha release that was only 30% done. If this is only 30% i cant wait to see where it goes from here. The game offers many different paths to players from pve to pvp style game plays with a huge crafting system with everything from farming to destroying wyverns."
,Not Recommended,529180,33985167,Posted: 2 August,all,LimitBreaker Vombat,Dont buy it now. It has an incredible potent but now its just a deeply bad optimized game with many crashes and forever loading screen. I waited one time 15 minutes and didnt get in the server. Biggest joke ever. Even if its early acces still need to work at some point! Host local? 10 minutes or more. Server? 20 minutes or more!Thanks. Refund is the biggest help in steam.
76561198138603364,Not Recommended,529180,33921855,Posted: 31 July,all,Zenamoth,"Crashed the first few times on the dragon loading screen took about 10 mins to get into a game and character creation menu was bugged, Also no model appeared in the character creation menu fix this please. Got in the game graphicly beautiful  tried harvesting a rabbit thingy  fatal error game crashed lol lots of bugs to fix looks good tho I will keep updating my review"
76561198028355942,Not Recommended,529180,33986333,Posted: 2 August,all,CrazyPanda,"played the game for around 200 ish hours.U will expierience your base dissapearing on a regular basis.U will expierience slow log in.U will expierience massive FPS drops even if u have a beast of a machine.U will expierience getting stuck and losing everything u have on you.U will expierience dieing, going back for your gear yet cant open ur own body.Basicly youll expierience lots fo frustration even if its an alpha game, which i played many of.The game is not rewarding at all, and even the taming takes MANY hours that normall people simply dont have.Save your money get a diffrent game for your addiction, because this one isnt going to help it.-1/10"
76561198047509834,Not Recommended,529180,34201751,Posted: 12 August,all,kittiekittie24,i cant even get into the game
,Not Recommended,529180,34221853,Posted: 13 August,all,Zombro,"Unoptimized and practically broken. I haven't been able to get 10 minutes into the game without having disasterously low FPS both times. Even after tinkering with graphics settings and waiting 15-20 minutes through loading screens it made no effect at all. Refunded. Despite it seeming like it has promise, avoid for now until further updates."
,Not Recommended,529180,33958002,Posted: 1 August,all,Fox,Even if this is a early access. It´s way to soon.
,Not Recommended,529180,34117164,Posted: 8 August,all,-----......,just way too many glitches and bugs. Many for me are graphical and that just can't go unoticed when its constant. hopefully i can update this review as the game gets more optimized
,Not Recommended,529180,33989496,Posted: 3 August,all,S.a.W. JackalTaco,"Not worth the money one bit in it's current state, such poor optimization.I bought this game, played it for a while, tried to get used to how poor it was at it's state then tried to refund it and because I've played 10 hours... I couldn't.Not only that, I then realised that a new game was released called Citadel that looks the EXACT ♥♥♥♥ING SAME as Dark and Light???? only, it has better reviews AND is cheaper...Last time I buy an Early access game that's for sure. Get it together Devs!"
76561198008827157,Not Recommended,529180,34147114,Posted: 10 August,all,K>C,can't bring myself to recommend it
,Not Recommended,529180,34334995,Posted: 18 August,all,Kathy,What a shame. Has so much potential but is absolutely unplayable... so much FPS lag!
76561197981730223,Not Recommended,529180,34334286,Posted: 18 August,all,Notiqx,"got to play about 30 minuites. after that, couldnt get past loading screen. i like the concept, i didnt necessarily have a negative experience while playing, however, i couldnt play. Seems like a known issue like not being able to get past the loading screen would be addressed rather quickly."
76561197961632157,Not Recommended,529180,33891065,Posted: 29 July,all,Gula,"I see the potential that this game has, and the differences that they have now may expand once the game becomes full, but right now its totally jumping off from the point where ARK is at. If you've played ARK in any capacity, this is basically where ARK was right around initial launch. For that reason, I cannot recommend this game.Additionally, the game's graphics are very subpar, the hitbox latency is very bad, and the base building and crafting are unevolved outside of the base protection mechanic. I have to reiterate here though, these graphics are VERY bad.I have to submit this for refund because I feel like this is the same experience of ARK. Sorry devs, but this has to be more original and more polished."
,Not Recommended,529180,34128542,Posted: 9 August,all,Sid,"Its like they added all the problems of Ark in to one game, plus added a few."
76561198320393906,Recommended,529180,33905155,Posted: 30 July,all,FAKE NATTY,Pretty good game
,Not Recommended,529180,33995310,Posted: 3 August,all,OpenAI (easy bot),terribly optimised. When I can get more than 15 fps with actual graphics maybe I'll check the game out again but until then: refund.
,Not Recommended,529180,34183764,Posted: 11 August,all,ArchangelX,"Real life...will get everything you own wiped. Even in PvE.So I haven't been on since around Tuesday due to real life and work and everything that can happen sometimes. I have been building a pretty amazing house right on the beach for awhile now. Had put a ton of work into it collecting the mats.I finally get a chance to login today, only to find that everything is gone. Just gone. Wiped. Only thing left were my tames.Listen, I know that games like this depend on you being around, but this is ridiculous. Some of us have real lives that prevent us from getting to our computers to login, especially when logging in is not even close to being a short and easy process. It usually takes me around 5 to 7 login attempts at that loading screen to even get in.I'm pretty much done with this game. I'm not going to invest hours into a game only for it to be wiped becaue I wasn't able to login for a few days on a PvE server.It's for this reason alone, that I can't recommend this game currently. You will ragequit so hard when this happens. Or when a Level 120 panther spawns in your house and results in you having to abandon it."
,Not Recommended,529180,34495632,Posted: 25 August,all,Ostheim,Chinese players are allowed to run between (American) servers to abuse exploits to ruin the game for the people actually playing.
76561198380187208,Not Recommended,529180,33724281,Posted: 22 July,all,msk222,"VERY POOR Game Char wouldnt harvest, made new char when it harvesyed overweight too fast and too much food needed too much water needed . and wth is with the char offset to the left"
76561197979834752,Not Recommended,529180,34358524,Posted: 19 August,all,Asuzu,"I vote this down because this is just another Early Access survival crafting game, riddled by bugs, exploits and core issues, while devs work on releasing new content, thinking they can keep player base that way.This is just another unfinished, poorly optimized and coded EA garbage, that will take years to come to become something, and by the time it fixes core issues, you will be better off playing something else.I will gladly come back to play the game, as well as many others, but we need developers to fix core broken issues first and foremost.Personally, if devs remove or loosen restrictions on building obstruction and block rotations, it would be more than enough for me.Pros:+ Stunning graphics, even at 5 fps, but whatever+ Nice music (not everywhere, some map areas literally never play music)Cons:I honestly don't even know where to begin...- The video is not optimized in any way, the game is an FPS disaster, it tanks down even the most powerful videocards. Literally nothing is done to make the game running smoother.- The networking code is also terrible, servers are rubberbanding your moves all the time, and nobody seems to care as well. That means you cannot properly use melee in the game - tryng to attack something or use a dodge move results in you staying in same place during the attack while the target keeps moving.- The game is advertised as a building game, but in reality there are very little building options - the terrain obstructs pretty much anything you are trying to put on it. It is next to impossible to find a good flat ground spot to build something nice, and most such spots are already taken on all servers.- The game has animals you can tame, but the mechanic is bugged, your pets get stuck in terrain randomly and disappear on relog, that's right, that awesome panther you were taming for past 7 hours is just gone, poof. Also managing and controlling your pets is a freaking mess.- The PvP system is inherently broken, you are literally open to any griefing until you build a house seal and fuel it with magic essence (and by the way, nowhere in the description it says you need to do it, you ltierally have to learn this from other players or forums). That is - whatever you have built, anyone can just come, break down your door and take your stuff. Or just destroy your straw hut from a dragon down to the ground if they feel like it on their way. There is also no region locking.There is no way of shielding lower level players from nolife Chinese griefing.- There is pretty much nothing to do in the game as it is. You can grind like crazy and build stuff (not much, most of it is obstructed by terrain as mentioned), tame pets (most of them will be gone after gettting stuck or relog). That's it.  There are no quests, no events, no incentives to log in and do something.- The game melee system vs ranged system vs magic system is broken, everyone spams same Lightning Bolt 3 spell in the endgame. That's it. You cannot melee because of server lag. All other spells are pointless compared to Lightning Bolt 3. Someone called this game Lightning & Repairm because this is pretty much everything you will do. Archery has such abysmal damage it is not worth crafting - and magical arrows are insanely expensive, requiring you to farm full day of materials for 5 minutes worth of shooting. On top of that, you get no damage increase from basic noob bow to iron crossbow. Amazingly terrible balancing.- Armor in the game broken as well. Literally. It is always broken. It breaks when someone sneezes at it. You fight one level 4 griffin, your armor is at half durability. And this again requires you to farm again full day of materials just to keep repairing your armor. So in the endgame most players running around nakes, because why even bother. Funny.- You would think an iron sword is good at chopping grass, but no, not really. You chop 10 bushes of grass, your iron sword breaks. And you need to, guess what, run and farm again to fix it.The game has.. no, it HAD potential to be something, but as it is, it is inherently broken in so many places, I virtually see no way for any team of developers to fix it."
,Not Recommended,529180,33994437,Posted: 3 August,all,The Jimmie Rustler,You walk up to stuff and hold left click. After you've done that you get given a quest to craft a spell so you can walk up to more stuff and hold left click. Sometimes your framerate drops when pressing left click but it's okay...because you're only pressing left click.There's also building which i never got to because i imagine that just requires me changing fingers to right click...maybe.Refunded and buying citadel. Lets hope that's not a hold left click simulator to.
76561198063386240,Not Recommended,529180,35044831,Posted: 18 September,all,Reaver Red,This game is horrible. I can't get past the loading screen. 2 hours of loading and no gameplay? WTF? I had the time to watch 2 movies while watching the flying dragon loading screen!
76561198405006457,Recommended,529180,33726559,Posted: 22 July,all,DOGSOUP,This is actually a good game. Early access not bad. Just need to fix some bug and the graphics. All in all i would gladly invest my time exploring every creatures in the map. Worth to play/ Buy the game early save money in the future. I think the price will increase to 20$ to 40$ maybe. Just buy and play.
,Recommended,529180,33692142,Posted: 21 July,all,Augustus,"Ok, first of all this game has issues:- Graphics:The game is beautiful, on EPIC settings, and I have read that switching to epic settings doesn't cost too much power because it's based on Unreal Engine 4, which a lot of reviews support. But, it does have issues with the resolution: I have set it to 3840x2160 and it's definitely not displayed this way. However, I read in a review that one has to pull the resolution scale slider all the way to the right, which might explain it. (Update: Indeed, pulling the resolution scale slider to the right works!)In the character generation screen I had a bug where the feet were not displayed correctly, but everything else worked just fine. Also they were displayed correctly once ingame. (Update: This seems to have been fixed.)- Loading times:The FIRST loading on official servers takes very long, and with very long I mean very long, most likely due to the generation and (down)loading of data, but the loading times after that are relatively short. (Update: Indeed they are long aswell.) Don't know about inofficial servers though.- Monsters:There are sheeps with level 36 or level 9 in the starting region. Both of them can not be killed in a reasonable amount of time, this has to be scaled to a reasonable range. However, I have managed to kill one which had level 2 or so, so it's a matter of the level range for spawning such animals and not the animals themselves.- Asians:I'm not racist, but asians are flooding the european servers which totally affects the ingame atmossphere. However, besides that I can't say that they misbehaved or were attacking other players or so, so I just hope that they go to the asian region servers, or that more such servers get created. (Update: In the meantime this seems to be solved, they have reacted within one day and added several servers.)- Sound:The game has it's own soundtrack, although some elements have been copied from ARK. In the character creation menu I believe that there were two soundtracks that overlayed and didn't fit together, so maybe deactivate music while generating your character.Besides those issues there are a lot of positive aspects aswell:- Graphics:Gosh, where do I start. The character generation allows a lot of options and is blending the changes in in a realistic manner. Also Elfs really look like Elfs :) Unfortunately some people don't take character creation serious and then run around with an obscure character, probably because they think it's funny.The animations are beautiful aswell, not just copied from Ark and also feel realisitic with the character generated. What I dislike is that you can punch trees, although it takes a long time until even bushes break with ""fisting"", excuse the language.The UI is NOT a simple Ark Clone, there are different aesthetics to it and it's also organized in a much better way and it doesn't feel techy or so. I had watched a video some months ago where the UI was simply an ARK clone, but that is not the case anymore.Also you get advice from some mentor-like figure as part of the tutorial which I like and helps to immerse in the game from a fantasy standpoint.- Gameplay:The first two hours seem to be a bit grindy, most likely due to magic not being unlocked. However, once one has crafted a wand (staff), resource gathering seems much easier and faster.Also, again, this is NOT an ARK clone. If you look at the amount of crafting possibilities and magic skills one can develop, I don't see how one can say that.Additionally you can really level your character and allocate skillpoints to different attributes. Judging from the short time I played however, it seems that leveling takes a long time, so that's a negative but can easily be balanced out.Having said that I'm kind of glad that it's not as fast as with ARK because this is supposed to be an RPG and leveling should definitely feel rewarding.Please keep in mind that I will update this review, but for now this is what I feel.Do I recommend the game? As an early access title: Definitely! It has enough content to be called a game. BUT:This is an early access title, so bugs, even game-breaking once have to be expected. In this case I would advice to report the bugs to the devs and not write negative reviews based on an unsubstantiated first reaction. (Update: I haven't personally experienced game-breaking bugs so far.)I really, really hope that people judge for themselves, and not just based on the first few minutes, this title deserves it. And also maybe, before giving a negative review, give the devs some time to adjust and patch the game.Update: There are a lot of people who dislike Snail Games being the producer of the game. However, they managed to put out two patches, addressing several issues within one day. I'm not worried that they will let me, or anyone who purchases down. *thumbs up Snail Games*Update 2: Some Survival tips:Follow the tutorial, for berries and resources hit the bushes which are scattered around, for flowers hit them with your sword. That covers you staying alive.To progress in the ""Craft a Stone Axe"" (or how it's called) you have to either gather a lot of materials from bushes, sell them at the merchant close to the spawning area which buys wood etc. and buy some stone axe from him. That way you can level up that skill much faster.Alternatively I think you just have to gather more resources or hit some trees until they break, but the later takes a long time.I hope that helps."
76561197988375908,Recommended,529180,33706646,Posted: 21 July,all,Lee,"dont let the negative reviews sway youim sure most of us♥♥♥♥♥♥away 24 bucks daily and trust me theres been way worse ea titlesin its current condition it plays better then ark did at the start its fasr more interesting the exilei do not make comparison between the 2 i could care less tbh i followed d/l and thats what i boughtsnail has never done wrong by me , i enjoy wushu and try to always look past the cash grabs and just focus on gamehere you have a good game with loads of potential buy it and dont complain about it or wait and follow reviews"
76561198060626723,Recommended,529180,33715399,Posted: 22 July,all,Angeal09,"Amidst all the Dark comments, Light shown through. And it turns out its beautiful. If you liked Ark, you'll LOVE DnL. For $25? Stop thinking about it. Worth every penny. I'm writing this review while having to convince myself to finally go to sleep at 4:30am. Zero Regrets"
,Not Recommended,529180,34106564,Posted: 8 August,all,2ndClassElitist,"Unfortunately, this game id not worth your time.There's no excuse for the game file being as large as it is, nor for a 3.3 GB update the first week.  Allow me to give you a rundown of the 106 minuttes of gameplay I have:  over 80 minutes of loading the game and establishing files (and I have a *good* computer, I stream for a living), about 20 minutes of starter quests, killed by PC while within eyeshot of starting factino house. Respawn, killed by PC again.It's possible that I might like the game if i played it *enough*- it's pretty, ARK's mechanics are nicely improved upon, character models are improved- but due to the game being insanely long to load, I have only 20 mionutes to go on, and those 20 minutes suggest unless you pay for a private server to play your game (since there is no multiplayer option that is not a dedicated server) the community is just going to make the game unplayable."
76561198009837899,Not Recommended,529180,34110188,Posted: 8 August,all,not a toot party,"Game tried to be Ark with magic. It doesn't do a very good job. Harvesting is a nightmare, the quest system is broken like crazy, and the magic in the game is so weak it's not even worth using. Especially on custom servers with boosted melee stats. There is no way for magic to compete. Now to get to taming...it's god awful. You have to place down a feeding trough near your knocked out tame, this would be fine except most people leave them there and they clutter the server. That's if you can even knock anything out because the taming process is also super flawed. I know this is EA, but damn do they have a lot of work to do. People compare this to the initial Ark release. Ark was much better when first released, not even close. Anyway, I'll be trying it out again once they figure out all the game breaking things wrong with it."
,Not Recommended,529180,34110278,Posted: 8 August,all,Sorero,"The game is still in beta but has potential - if you like are and fantasy setting you might like it. A lot of bugs around - but developers are working on it. And here comes by biggest problem:A patch with the size of 3.3GB in download requires 44 GB of free disk space! With already Dark and Light taking up 58GB of my disk. At the moment I have no idea what to remove to make extra space, so no update possible and that means I cannot play Dark and Light (not even local).YOU NEED MORE THAN 100GB of disk space to play the game!!!"
76561198257371041,Not Recommended,529180,35453875,Posted: 3 October,all,vincent24,i m question this i just buy this game download already but why not running only music too much loading ?
,Recommended,529180,33684924,Posted: 20 July,all,Throne,Really good so far for a release day...well done.
,Recommended,529180,33690690,Posted: 21 July,all,CalYpso,"Very good game, really enjoy it playing. Very beautiful world, awesome features,good crafting system,optimization is not that good but thats why its in early acces. Would recomment to buy but ofc you need to understand its not finished yet. Dont really understand why theres soo many negative reviews. Like game is in early access and its defenetly not finished, why did you buy game then? Did you expect game without bugs, crashed, fully optimizated???!!!!!"
76561198386947788,Not Recommended,529180,34158994,Posted: 10 August,all,Palms_Piranhas (Genesis),"So.. The game, I love. A+ and enjoyable. Yes, there are glitches which we know and expect at this stage, but if the game continues to have groups (notably the asians) that hop on, exploit the glitches and then attempt to make everyone bow down to them, I can no longer play. I dont know how to fix it, but if the developers don't find a way, then we cant even begin to enjoy the game and it will fall flat. Please figure out how to fix this! Then I can update my recommendation. For those of you reading this thinking, ""Yeah, this dude is just♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥because he sucks,"" well then I say get on the server, see how it goes for you after you hit about level 20."
,Not Recommended,529180,34160110,Posted: 10 August,all,BigAzzKrow,"Fix your garbage game. Constant 30 second lockups with random deaths, falling through the floor, and impossible gathering (since nodes are interactable or are invisible constantly) make this impossible to play. You want to be ARK, but you're just DayZ, and to be fair, DayZ was more playable at launch."
76561198063389122,Not Recommended,529180,34583475,Posted: 29 August,all,Runner,it is not what it looks like.
,Not Recommended,529180,34202798,Posted: 12 August,all,Giiean,So leg
,Recommended,529180,34701096,Posted: 2 September,all,Boehm,"I Played Ark: Evolved when it came out as EA. I find this game to be in better shape than what Ark was durring it's current EA. I loved Ark, put an addictive number of hours into it. I came back to play games after a year of going dormant and was told by others who use to play Ark with me about Dark and Light that it just recently came out. I looked it up, serched, and bought it.It's similiar to Ark, but it's the concept is different. I love it, it goes back to a medeival era, but a fantasy one. I love the idea of being a wizzard with a castle built in a huge tree or on a pointed mountain. This game gives that to me, and I'm enjoying it.Yes, it's EA, it's going to have some bugs and glitches, but it's honeslty not that bad compared to what other reviewers had sad about it.People complains that it's too hard... yes, it can be, but you have to be smart about it and patiant. im currently playing solo on a server and i'm doing very well, already at level 40 in 45 hours of gameplay. I have three flying creatures, two horses (which is easy to recieve with little effort to get you started), a Longhorn (for wood, straw and twine), and a Kebo (big fat creature that gets you good stone and metal mats).If the game isn't hard, then it is going to get boring really quick, so im glad it's hard, and it'll keep the immature kids away from this game.I also like to think this game is very friendly to the working men and women such as myself. I'm in the military with only an hour to two hours a day to play durring the week. I can easily tame something within that time frame and get a lot done. Im also able to put up a shield for my home (you have to get resources for) to keep people from offline raiding me.All in all, I have to issues with this game, and understand the bugs that are present. It'll be a good game if more people gives it a chance."
76561197974642238,Recommended,529180,33682061,Posted: 20 July,all,OTGArkangel,"This game has a lot of potential, support them by buying it now.However, the game has a log way to go.  This is definately Early Access, and from my own personal experience I am tired of paying for early access and not enjoying my experience.I will see how the game develops over the next few months and see how people like it before I invest my time into this."
76561198116409152,Recommended,529180,33690551,Posted: 21 July,all,{V.I.P} Cynder,pretty fun
76561198027493614,Recommended,529180,33903985,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr. Kaliause,GG
,Recommended,529180,33733965,Posted: 22 July,all,2buc,"Game is solid... I wouldn't buy it if you play on a potato, but it's solid."
,Recommended,529180,33709228,Posted: 21 July,all,syice,Pros -Female elf template is E X T R A  T H I C CCons -No blue hair in character customisation
,Not Recommended,529180,34002073,Posted: 3 August,all,loopyman,Just go play ark and imagine that there are dragons and wizardry.
76561198014067164,Not Recommended,529180,33998759,Posted: 3 August,all,xconxravish,"Very long loading screens, graphics are not optimized. very laggy servers, and glitchy game."
,Not Recommended,529180,34116647,Posted: 8 August,all,Vulcan,"God damn this game is a loading game.  I can't even start to play, it takes upwards of 20 minutes to load..."
,Not Recommended,529180,34090694,Posted: 7 August,all,KweL,Ark 2015 with magic and all ark's early bugs plus millions new bugs.Barely playable. Each patch not fixing bugs but adds a lots of new.Not recommended to buy next 2 years until they fix all at least like Ark current status
,Not Recommended,529180,34128263,Posted: 9 August,all,woodzey,cant play due to low fps. only game i have had trouble with. rigs got a 1050ti and struggle to get 20fps
,Recommended,529180,34349756,Posted: 19 August,all,123,Great game i dont think it will be like ark but we dont no forsure its not a copy and paste
76561198076880563,Not Recommended,529180,34451347,Posted: 23 August,all,Cory,Still an unplayable mess
,Not Recommended,529180,33924936,Posted: 31 July,all,Aidankay,No official region locked servers.
76561198016931546,Not Recommended,529180,34316498,Posted: 17 August,all,kenneth2830,"The game, while fun, has some terrible issues with loading in.  Several times I would connect to the server then be immediately booted.  I've also had problems with being booted from the servers while in the middle of something.  Nothing else has done this to me to date.As for the servers themselves, they're completely empty the vast majority of the time.  At most in my server I have seen 7 people and this has been the case in a multitude of servers I've seen.  These hold enough space for 70 people at a time and they're adding more servers.  There's absolutely no need for this when the servers are shoddy at best and already don't cap.Avoid this game like the plague until the devs can fix these issues."
,Recommended,529180,34403051,Posted: 21 August,all,alexj4596,"So over all the game is fun. There are issues however most due to the fact that the game is unpolished. When you play on a high Pop server you will experience Server Dysc, and they are working on the issue. Allot of the 3 week or older reviews no longer apply to the game. A large portion of those issues have been fixed. I however do not recommend you playing with the minimum recommended Requirements. They just don't cover it well enough in my opinion. When flying the game has issues rendering the map bellow you, and when the event happens you will for now experience server lag due to skeletons flying in the air, they did do a fix for this but only reduced the chances of it happening it did not eliminate it all together. By the end of the play session tonight I will have close too if not 400 hours played. Here is a list of what I experience with my pc on the daily in DnL.Sever Dsyc-Only Slightly I play on a lower pop official server.Mount Lag-Generally when on a mount or tame while in combat or gathering I experience either delayed damage or rubber banding. The delayed damage just makes combat slower, however the rubber banding is generally very annoying, but solvable by just getting on and off the mount. I believe this is cause by either the tame or Toons collision box getting stuck on the node that has just been used. I have already reported this.Melee on Low Population Server is very responsive I have little too no issues with it. On occasion it will miss for server issues but does not effect over all combat, when I played on a high pop server the issue was extreme and to my understanding it still is on higher pop servers. The latest patch that was supposed to go out on the 08/20/2017 was supposed to fix this issue however due to unforeseen bugs it was reverted and they are now working on a much healthier version of the patch.Tame times are very long in game, however compared to ark its pretty short, and over all tame maintance is much less, typically tames don't eat when they don't move. Keep in mind many larger Houses will trade resources for tames, So don't be afraid to ask in chat if anyone is willing.PvP Balance is still being worked on, and is not perfect by any means.Currently the game is a bit grindy when it comes to what you need to make things like spells, and magic items. They have responded to the community on Reddit DnL official saying they are looking at the issue.When you are farming the first 2 stages of growth can be cumbersome when crafting your own fertilizer, however this can be solved by donating gold to vendors in town and buying large bags after you have maxed your skill line out. This also applies to the taming skill tree as well.The Summoning Circle is bugged, they are aware and are working on the issue, the current work around is to kill the tame that is bugged after saving the tame again.Currently some parts of the map have holes in them, causing the player too fall through the map, they are aware, but need players to screen shot coordinates by hiting the Del button with a screen shot and submitting it too the Bug Report Email.Collision in this game is the worst I have ever experienced. I have played many Betas, and 2 other early access games. This will cause you or your tames to get stuck inside each other, they are working on this and have a possible fix in the next patch as of this review.I will update This as the game progress. You are welcome to comment and ask questions if you see something I did not cover.  I want say one other thing. Anyone who has played less then 40 hours in game and left a bad review is because they expected a complete game or mostly complete game, they did not advance far enough to get into the meat of what the game currently has to offer or did not read the minimum basic requirements for the game which caused them to have very bad experience. The game is un-optimized and can be choppy on lower tier rigs."
76561198106412172,Recommended,529180,33708074,Posted: 21 July,all,Pete The Trol,"If you're interested in playing a fantasy style Ark game with a hint of mmo and rpg aspects then this game is for you. A lot of reviews are based only on limited play time in the game and based on people who seem to have little experience with these style of games.Granted the initial loading screen did take a while BUT this only lasted once. I urge people to really give this a real go as it is a whole heap of fun and there are a lot of great aspects to the game. Of course its not perfect and you should not expect that from a game on pre-release. For those who played Ark, you guys must remember the difficulty in playing that game the first time it was offered on pre-release.I strongly recommend playing this game."
76561198003316387,Recommended,529180,33707818,Posted: 21 July,all,grahamthemyth,"Firstly ive never played Ark because i dont get on well with 1st person games, so im really glad this ones 3rd person. im only a couple of hours into the game but i have to say the game feels pretty polished,  ive experienced no lag and not seen any bugs apart from a little tearing now and then. the character models are not the best but the animation of the characters is really good. i like the tutorial its simple but effective and the graphics in the game are not bad at all, im surprised at the amount of negative reviews but everyones entitled to their opinion. at time of writing they have already added pve servers so i think the developers are on the ball i would say to anyone if your on the fence with this one give it a go, youre get your moneys worth and you can always refund in 1st 2 hours of play"
,Recommended,529180,35129860,Posted: 22 September,all,HuntGod,"The game is in Alpha, that is not for everyone.  I've blown 550+ hours since I picked it up and enjoyed most of them.  Things vanish, tames vanish, stuff happens and it's always a little kick in the nuts, but that is what you get with Alpha.  The people ♥♥♥♥♥ing and whining clearly don't understand that.  The game is very stable and the dev's are reasonably responsive, though their priorities sometimes seem odd.  The game is very grindy at the moment, not sure if that will change or just develop into different types of grind.If you enjoyed Rust, Ark, or the other survival RPG's out there, this is worth checking out as it adds a nice layer of Fantasy world on top.PVP and raiding is non existent at the moment, but that is due to some stop gap measures put in place to prevent offline raiding and some other very frustrating elements of PVP, I am hoping those restrictions loosen or develop into something more promoting of PVP in the future."
76561198056215784,Recommended,529180,35131954,Posted: 22 September,all,B0L1CH,I enjoy this game very much. The loadings screens are very long but once you're in the game its running smooth. People crying about perfomance but if you got a good i5 or higher its should run good. This needs a better CPU then a GPU.
76561198032827107,Recommended,529180,35157644,Posted: 23 September,all,Shepster,"Been playing this game a while now. Yes there are some issues when patch day comes, but the game is getting better as time goes on. Definately worth getting!!!"
,Recommended,529180,35254162,Posted: 27 September,all,Yom125,Even with all the bugs and frustrations i still love playing this game. great game as long as you understand it is early access. learn to adapt. my best advice for any new player. get a horse any level and get yourself a spear asap. you can attack with a spear while riding your horse wich makes killing this so much easier. now if they would just fix the panther hyena and wolf issue thats still going on even after the patch released today and worked on the load in times it would be great.
76561198087242824,Recommended,529180,35248687,Posted: 27 September,all,Edgaras is Telšiu,good game optimize 1/10 good luck with the game
76561198003147582,Recommended,529180,34632982,Posted: 31 August,all,Jahulath,"This is shaping up to be a brilliant game, at present it is like a BRUTAL clone of Ark with magic and a few MMORPG inspired features (Like NPCs!) obviously it is EA and all that comes with EA titles but the direction they are heading in looks good. For example squashing offline raiding in favour of a more civilised PVP environment (unlike Conan etc at month 1) and some other hints of genuine innovation over the regular survival sandbox gameplay for both single and multiplayer even if it is coming from blending survival and MMORPG titles. The authors seem to really care about the emergent gameplay in both the players (see the unhappy griefers unable to solo flatten peoples t3 bases lol) and interestingly in the mobs ai, see below.One day I got attacked by Goblins, they knocked me out (as they tend to) and one of them robbed my unconscious body. Pretty normal for the genre. Then the one who stole my stuff started getting attacked by the other two, who robbed him and then each other. When I eventually stood up, naked and afraid, I had 2 Goblins at my feet (dead or unconscious I didn't check) and the last Goblin standing, along with all my gear was long gone into the bushes cackling and waving his arms around.I never did find him."
76561197965148584,Recommended,529180,34712087,Posted: 3 September,all,Aequitas,"The game is great. I never played ark so i dont compare DNL to that game. Dinosaurs belong in Turok and Jurassic Park. Anyways DNL is a great, fun game with a great deal of possibilities. I always find myself being the seabee of the fantasy world building outposts wherever I go while my fellow house members run around catching animals of all sorts, cursing the ones that run like♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to the spider filled marsh. The official servers can be a bit chaotic and harsh with the griefers and all around♥♥♥♥♥♥bags but more moderated servers are fun, especially when you have a good group to work with. Theres a crap load of variety in the game when it comes to biomes and creatures (at least i think so ) and so much more to be added. For 25 $ early access its definitely worth it and ive had my 25 $ worth of fun already, but remember it is early access and has some early flaws but it gets patched almost weekly with new content and bug fixes. The only real complaint I have is that the developers really need to get more organized and communicate with eachother. If feels sometimes like theres different programmers working with different versions of the game all adding their own stuff and then cramming it together into a not so great patch only to have to be fixed the next day."
76561198075036270,Recommended,529180,34725949,Posted: 3 September,all,~Kitsunae~,"Let me start off by saying that this is an Early Access title, in case that was missed on the main screen. So far, I have put about 35 hours into the game, but put in over 2000 hours into ARK survival (which is made by the same company). Yes I know that is a ridiculous amount of time placed into one game but it is still tame compared to my Fiance's total towards WoW, but I digress.The Positives:-Despite the early access, this game has a lot to offer. You can wield magic, a sword, a hammer, or a bow with the click of a button and change your mind anytime.-There are many different building options with amazing textures and a handful of decor options-If you enjoy splunking or exploring, this game can scratch that itch (they just added a new cave with new monsters and a large boss)-One of the biggest blessings is having a starting town. In Ark, you can end up on a beach and die within a minute of loading in. D&L loads you into a town of your faction (Elf, Dwarf or Human) so that you can get your bearings.-This town gives you an option to rent rooms and purchase items from vendors. The pricing is still a little  steep with some things but it isnt all that difficult to gain currency.-You can edit what you look like which doesnt sound like a big deal, but it's the little things. The character creation process is still a little rough around the edges, but still gives you that personal touch to help with the immersion...or allow you to make one strange looking character. To each their own.-The taming is very similar to Ark. You feed them, make sure they dont escape and protect them from rogue beasts or pain in the a.. players. The biggest difference is that you use something called a hook arrow which is placed into the ground after hitting your target. As the beast fights against their bindings, they grow fatigued and will eventually drop. (I found it to be an interesting aspect compared to other games Ive played)The Cons:-The loading screen takes quite a bit of time. I was lucky enough to have an SSD (solid state drive) to put the game on but my friends would have to wait sometimes twenty minutes to play.-Taming higher level beasts take quite a bit of time on official servers (6+ hours sometimes depending on the feed available for your tame). Since my play time is limited, I will have to run an unofficial server for higher level tames.-There are bugs...duh. This game has been out for a month and as far as early access games go, I really have to hand it to the developers. They have updated sometimes once a week, worked on performance and try to add content all at the same time. There are a lot of compaints about the roll backs on patches but please, think objectively about this. One early access game I had would do up to 3 hour rollbacks with no warning whatsoever. These developers warn you ahead of time. I have had 35 hours worth of enjoyment thus far with the bugs and problems, I knew that going in.There are some who are currently unable to log in, I am now one of them. What am I going to do? Post it to their bug forum, try it again tomorrow and play other games in the meantime while I occasionally check back. This is steam...I have a lot of choices and It isn't a permanent problem. If it turns out to be (which is usually my luck), Ill cross that bridge when I get there.Do I recommend this game?-Do you enjoy building glorious structures?-Does the thought of you dressed in a long robe, your face hidden by your hood while you charge up that sick fireball get you all excited?-Does exploring a massive map filled with danger and hidden nooks n crannies rev your engines?-Does riding on the back of a damn dragon, direwolf, griffin, wyvern, etc. sound pretty epic compared to your mundane life?Then yes...I recommend this game, but there's a catch. You need to look at the words early access and realize that this isnt a finished product. Youre purchasing this game so that you dont have to wait to do all those glorious things I just mentioned above. Youre buying this game knowing that it can crash any time and erase what youve done over the past month. That is the risk, and they told you that ahead of time. Youre not buying a finished product, this isn't EA games where you get a half polished game, micropayments and no support for the money you give.Youre speeding up the release date and helping these developers fix bugs, improve gameplay, and optimize all while playing a pretty solid game despite its infancy."
76561198045002888,Recommended,529180,35136878,Posted: 22 September,all,TitanAmongstMen,play it you will love it!!!now if youre gonna sit and complain about bugs and server issues on an EA game on their reviews page then youre an idiot... instead of writting it here which may hurt the overall view of this game to potential players you should be writting it in dev emails LIKE they ask you too ! it isnt rocket science people.10/10 would get eaten by panthers again!
76561198328757321,Recommended,529180,34646482,Posted: 31 August,all,Natreix,"I honestly don't know why many people are giving this game mixed reviews. I understand the frustration some may feel towards the developers for not directly addressing and correcting all the bugs and problems many have right away, they just want to play the game as it's meant to be played. However, what people seem to forget is that this game is still in early access. More than that, the developers had to rush the early access (for various reasons) so many bugs will be expected. I think that the game and its developers are doing a good job updating and addressing some of the bugs in a good rate. If you wanted to play a game that was free of bugs and 100% completed, why buy the early access at all? ""Keep up the good work"" to the developers and team behind Dark and Light."
76561198062091174,Not Recommended,529180,33679292,Posted: 20 July,all,skywang329,"Oh boy. Where to start.I had great hopes for this game since its initial announcement, ten years ago. Been following its development forever. When it changed from an MMORPG to a survival game, I persisted. When initial screenshots and gameplay videos came out, I rejoiced - the graphics looked awesome, great fantasy elements: exactly what I wanted.Then came day one. The game is badly optimized - on a GTX 1050, with everything set to low, I was getting an fps of 35. Sounds doable, no? It is until you realize how utterly crap the graphics look at that setting. Setting everything to max, I got 15 fps. Yet, the graphics still looked nothing like the ones shown to me in the previews. The graphics were a letdown. I was distraught.Secondly, this seems like an ARK: Survival Evolved clone - sure, it has more fantastical elements to it, but the core mechanics remained the same. Why play this when you can play another better, more finished, game? The game is currently only 30% finished - I suppose it is becoming a recurring theme in early access titles, fleshing out barely-finished games to garner some additional capital for development, but for the player, there is absolutely nothing to gain by playing it now. In less than an hour, server populations decreased to an absolute minimum - many quickly became tired and bored of the game at its current state. There are few mechanics within the game that incorporate creative, fantastical elements, like the fairies and magic - but the overall feel I receive may simply be summed up in two words - unpolished and rushed.Thirdly, server size. The game boasted about factional wars. It began with 500, Then 200, Then 100. Finally, today, it was 70. I suppose, given how badly optimized it is, there was no choice but to limit server populations to such a small number. Factional wars are doable, but they're just not at the scales I, and many others, expected them to be.In conclusion, I see no reason to purchase the game in its current state except for supporting the developers, who have worked on this title for over 10 years. However, be cautious - as this game will likely sit in your library, untouched after an initial exploration, for many years to come before the developers get their stuff together. Overall, I am disappointed with this EA release."
76561197998724824,Not Recommended,529180,33687607,Posted: 20 July,all,Gooch,"Absolutely horrible game.  Honestly, there should be a way to get refunded money.  This game is pathetic, DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,529180,33857584,Posted: 28 July,all,falkans,"Joined a server where no npcs were alive, it means I couldn't do quest. I also couldn't level up since high level people spent their time spawn killing me for no reason. They call it sandbox... Did  they spend their childhood eating sand?Peace boys, even if it's true, I'm joking."
76561198048346525,Not Recommended,529180,34196010,Posted: 12 August,all,Apache,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME this is WILDCARD STUDIOS AND SNAIL GAMES Abomination of a game needs alot of work supper buggy if you were banned on ark dont bother they share the same ban list Stay Clear from WILDCARD STUDIOS abusive admins ect.. also you write into Customer Support and they never reply  totaly Unprosessional company infact a total jokealmost feels like a cash grab scam if you need to support a game support Cittadel were the admins are courteous and actualy care about their community..
76561198377639767,Not Recommended,529180,33679805,Posted: 20 July,all,WebbWeaver,rip off
,Not Recommended,529180,33681146,Posted: 20 July,all,Thraesh,"I was extremely hyped for the game. Once I launched it however I knew it was going to be horrible. Load screens that crash computers are bad even when you are way over specs. I then decided it might be fine to see what other people are doing so I watched some streams. Horrendous combat was the first thing I saw. I understand its EA, I've been there before but for now I will toss this one on the bench for a while, it needs alot of work and as many have said, seems way too rushed"
76561198161740815,Not Recommended,529180,33817653,Posted: 26 July,all,_-Element-_-E-_,Its a nice game not bad since my system is op even for this game but there are a few problems. such as there is no first person and i am getting extreemly anoyed since i cant aim anything with my magic or when im in a small house my character always gets in the way. if they fix that id give them a better rating but its major pain to deal with third all the time.
76561198166896912,Not Recommended,529180,33944540,Posted: 1 August,all,Ursorcen,so laggy
76561198083002401,Not Recommended,529180,33804153,Posted: 26 July,all,Tefflontaine,Had some hopes for this game. I get its early access but the very fact that I cant even get onto a public server without waiting 20 minutes in a loading screen is atrocious. Not to mention lots of quests cant be completed and the progression system is wack. Although I do like the concept. This could be a really good game in the future. If i was someone questioning wether to but the game id wait. Atleast until this game gets its stuff worked it. It definetly has promise but atm its a no from me. Requesting a refund. May purchase again at a later date.
76561198089507979,Not Recommended,529180,33824082,Posted: 26 July,all,A Random Newbie,Ark reskinned + more bugs(didnt even know it was possible but snail games pulled it off). Even things that were FIXED in ark are BROKEN in dnl. I could go on forever about how much is broken but i'll do y'all a favor & just tell you to buy Citadel forged with fire instead.
,Recommended,529180,33684435,Posted: 20 July,all,123,"For what it is so far, its really good. Way better than Ark when it launched. It still needs a ton of work but its EA so what do people expect?"
76561198002913525,Not Recommended,529180,33889190,Posted: 29 July,all,Diegothehurter,"This game runs pretty poorly.  It takes four to five minutes to load, and the framerate is super janky.  The game doesn't even look that great when standing still, kinda disapointing.  It looks like any other survival game made in unreal.It does seem to have some promise though, it just isn't really playable in this state.  Not recommended."
,Not Recommended,529180,33884024,Posted: 29 July,all,{FOX} FiddleF ™,"At the moment, this game is borderline unplayable (at least for me and a few other people who have reported this). It takes me 10+ minutes to load into a server, and that's after I'm able to hit ESC to actually trigger loading and display the loading bar. The menu itself is very laggy and all settings essentially require a restart in order to take affect.However, this game looks like it has potential, and I would love to play it once it's more optimized. Sadly, this game is, for the most part, unplayable at the moment. I will most definitely will buy it again after it is released. I look forward to this game."
76561198254392585,Recommended,529180,34738043,Posted: 4 September,all,Mcbainn76,"I really loved this game, but the content lock ups and low fps spikes are killing my happiness. I mainly host my own server, so I don't have to worry about the issuses other players have with cheating. Just those with the game itself. In time it can be a real hit! An if they ever choose to add all the things in the preview video to the game I'll really look forward to this game more. I enjoy the game inspite of the issuses."
76561197978177344,Not Recommended,529180,33838709,Posted: 27 July,all,notthepope,"Have asked for a refund. Unfortunately right now this game is completely unplayable for me. Game only successfully loads into a server about 25% of the time. When I get in, graphics are horrific. Lag makes things unplayable, with other characters teleporting into/out of existence.  I thought from seeing it on Twitch that it was very smooth, very playable, excellent graphics and since it was based on Ark was very stable. The reality is far from it.Moving on to the next game. Sorry DnL didn't work out for me. I liked the concept, but this was too early in EA for my liking."
,Recommended,529180,34397929,Posted: 21 August,all,Superpokey,"I can poop in Ark,I can not poop in Dark and Light.0/10"
76561197970728128,Not Recommended,529180,34218849,Posted: 13 August,all,#GLOCK-23,So my friend and i bought this game we go to try it and we both get 1fps and can't move i get a vidoe driver crash over and over.My friends just stays at 1 fps with no crashand before u say crap cpu we are talking 1080 video cards with i-7 @ 4ghz with 32gb of rami watched some you tube videos and when ppl go to new areas they have to wait 5 mins for the game to start getting better frames to playthis game needs seriuos work yet i wouldn't buy it as of now .Belive me i wish this game would just work  and be optimzied .. we all can wish righti will check back in a few months and see whats what
76561198255321198,Not Recommended,529180,34219014,Posted: 13 August,all,Necro,"Devs seem to be absent, they screwed up the game for half the users where they cannot log into multiplayer and its been 4 days with not even a response to the issue."
,Recommended,529180,33706231,Posted: 21 July,all,Wulfsyarn,"In short, Is it worth trying ""YES""Is it ""EARLY ACCESS"" ""YES"" ---- Don't buy a game and rate it negitive because its not finished.Just because so many people do not understand early access and rate games as negitive, so I feel like I need to post about this game.It is early access, yes only around 30% of the game is done, but what is there looks good, and is very playable.Yes there are some bugs, long load timess and  crashes, but again early access. This is not a finished game so many people buy these early access games expecting a finished game or somethng late in development / late early access. WHen it is not they rate it negitive.Yes it is a lot like ARK, which I think is a good thing, because I like ARK, but this is fresh, new and has magic and dragons. It's like ARK but totally new. So if you liked early ARK try this, not what ARK has become now.I'll update this after some more play time for PRO's and CON's."
76561198120999060,Not Recommended,529180,33831644,Posted: 27 July,all,Lee,"After some region issues made me angry, me and my friends started a ""new life"" on another EU PVP Official server (We are kinda intense players with lots of time invested into this game).Actually everything went ok to the point when the devs made the game pure PVE even on PVP. I feel that they just don't give a damn about us, players (their newest thing is that players demanded new servers, i am askin who was it? :D cause most of the official servers are ghost towns already and instead of tryin to solve lots of primarily communicational based issues they give us more servers we didnt even ask for...) . Don't get with the support and assets they have in their hand how can't they release patches properly?This game is fun for a few days, but after that it gets really boring, all you can do is farming and taming lvl 120 animals (ones u already have tamed dozens....) No fights, no content, just pure boredom, mostly everybody on our server stopped playin because there were literally nothing to do.When they advertized their newest (f#&@ked up for the 2nd time) patch with some new content I was really happy, but after what has just happened (continous rollbacks and♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game makes me sick, it's a shame :("
76561198071745790,Not Recommended,529180,33713752,Posted: 21 July,all,David,"i say no for now, because it is in the same state as it big brother ark. Only for the matter of optimisation. They use the same engine than ark and all, but with a decent pc i cant get even 20 fps... However it is interesting and quite a few things might be worth a nice playtime, but just not now"
,Not Recommended,529180,33713039,Posted: 21 July,all,shugarsls,"SummaryDont be fooled by the trailer. Its a dull Ark clone where you'll be chopping trees for the rest of your life. Literally made to look epic but it certainly is not.  No joke.... chopped trees for two hours. Another thing worth note the character models look like they've taken design inspiration from the giants in Attack on Titan.Pros- Graphics are ok- Community seemed pleasantonCons- Game is dull. Super slow progression- Empty player houses everywhere, like Ark.- Enemies have no AI for fighting."
,Not Recommended,529180,33933506,Posted: 31 July,all,cam3roni,"They seem to have broken the framerate with the latest patch, and that has ruined the experience for me. Many spells and game features that are meant to be working, are not, and seem like easy fixes that the devs wont address. Even for an early access game, the release feels rushed as even many of the most key aspects of the game, are not working."
76561197978990116,Not Recommended,529180,34187110,Posted: 12 August,all,MayMay,"Refunded. The game suffers from serious performance issues. 1080ti, i7-6700K, 16GB ram, can't even get 60 fps on 1080p (let alone on 1440p or 4k)  low settings. And if there is one thing devs ignore in Early Access, it's performance. Performance issues here and there are no problem. But this is just crap across the board. Devs should be forbidden to release games into Early Access with these massive issues."
,Not Recommended,529180,34065679,Posted: 6 August,all,Irish Mad Man 23,"Unforgiving to new and low level players.  Easiest weapons to get are melee, but good luck against anything but a sheep with that sword.  All your food spoils overnight, so don't worry about stockpiling, just get used to starving.Difficult to build a player base when everything can and will kill you, and you have to walk back to your house from the main city every time."
,Not Recommended,529180,34820941,Posted: 8 September,all,Hux,"Been playing the game since launch, at first the game was fun to play but after the last few failed updates I no longer feel the devs are even trying to fix the game and only wanted to make a quick buck."
76561198169999455,Not Recommended,529180,33977051,Posted: 2 August,all,Enemoor Exterminator 56,i really wanted to like the game as i like the videos i watched and i played ark and rust alot also i like rpgs.I just downloaded the game i knew i could run it fine as my pc specs or alot higher than the recommended specs and the whole time ive spent on this game was on the loading screen trying to start a singleplayer world.i would like to get it in the  futere when fully released but for now it isnt what i expected ive requested a refund.
76561198064378359,Recommended,529180,33683318,Posted: 20 July,all,R.Curzic,"Much more fun than ark to me becasue of the medevil fantasy and magic stuff. Bugs are in every EA game, thats just how it is."
76561198128323645,Not Recommended,529180,33740505,Posted: 23 July,all,l3gacyjace,"I understand it is an early access and I am more than willing to be forgiving, but maybe give this one a few months. I have put enough time into this to not be able to get my money back, hooray, but honestly I would love it back. Its been about 24hrs since I got it, and they have already broken the hitboxes to the point to where you can't harvest things, in a game based around harvesting. No idea how anything else in the game is, because I can't harvest anything to get into anything else.I would this game probably 6 months until you give it a second glance. The servers are unstable and laggy, the load time is horrible, and despite anything all of the things that make Ark survival bad, i.e. slow progression based on mass resource harvesting, poor optimization, and tons o' bugs have already been moved over because it's the same code. Yet somehow despite being the exact same code they seem to have lost things like the ability to transfer stacks of items, or access an animals invintory without hoping off and using the access wheel.This game has potential, but potential, it is not ready now."
76561198004489230,Recommended,529180,33715636,Posted: 22 July,all,Zoji,This game is good i been have lots of fun you just got to give it a chance
76561198012036936,Recommended,529180,33763600,Posted: 24 July,all,Necrozis,To the morons who say this is a facebook game... you are such a lying tool..   Games great its 24 bucks if you cant afford to spend 24 bucks on a game you will spend at the least 500 hrs playing you should get another job because yours sucks.
76561198397151566,Not Recommended,529180,35378146,Posted: 1 October,all,kevbubbalawrie,"So where to start?According to steam I have 5 hours playtime on this piece of crap although I only actually have 35 mins of actual game time, the rest of the time has been spent on the loading screen, steam has been no help and despite several emails to the dev's they have been no help at all either, maybe if they actually gave a damn about their players ( I am not the only person with this problem) things would change.THIS IS JUST AN EXPENSIVE LOADING SCREEN SIMULATORSo do I recommend this game, NOT ON YOUR LIFE!!"
76561197994457248,Recommended,529180,34138485,Posted: 9 August,all,thReality,I didn't actually play because this game always crash on me but I'm recommend it anyway100/10 would crash again.
,Not Recommended,529180,35047587,Posted: 18 September,all,JsunLG,"Unfortunately I never got past the loading screen so i rufunded before i clocked up too many hours. This and many other issues with the game needs to be addressed before i decide to give it another go.Maybe it is just too early to release this game even into the early access, i dont know. I also believe £22.99 is a little overpriced at this stage of development. Hopefully as development progresses with bugs and performance issues solved this may just turn out to be a great game.So if you are happy to play test for the developer id say buy it. but for me im going to wait until it improves a little and at such time i will rewrite this review."
,Not Recommended,529180,34076511,Posted: 7 August,all,mopar9999,"This game is not ready to play AT ALL. It should not be past in house testing. Don't waste your time. B ut, if you like getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at games every 5 minutes, have at it. It's gaming torture toplay this POS. It is fun when stuff is working though"
76561198030842734,Not Recommended,529180,33888466,Posted: 29 July,all,Stinkfinger,"Game was running fine till this new update , now laggy as hell  on lowest resolution."
76561198024229419,Not Recommended,529180,33888796,Posted: 29 July,all,Times Change,Does  not work. Really bad FPS.
76561198048265772,Not Recommended,529180,33998781,Posted: 3 August,all,chubbs2222,Crap waste of money took 30 mins to load a game and i have a beast of a computer the crafting system is garbage also
76561198131261570,Not Recommended,529180,34138976,Posted: 9 August,all,Proceres,"Game updated, now unplayable"
76561198124904035,Not Recommended,529180,34793055,Posted: 7 September,all,Lord H2o,i really love the game  but its has so many major problem . i know its early access but its keep crash and the FPS drop so fukking real  and its say i need to update my  driver ? are u fukking kdding me . im using GTX 1070 amp EX with latest update driver and ryzen 1600x . just build my whole new PC part and this game cant even run smoothly ? .. like i say i really love this game but the game unplayable
,Not Recommended,529180,34221660,Posted: 13 August,all,Deadmen,"Played a week on a server, now its only blackscreen when i try to join the server..any other server work but i dont want to start new with my friends...so if you dont want to be depressed = WAIT and dont buy it!!2 hours and you cant refund it...."
76561198103505745,Recommended,529180,33717731,Posted: 22 July,all,123,Fun game.
,Not Recommended,529180,33983179,Posted: 2 August,all,adiengenge,This game is very bad .. I'm done refund
76561198140803420,Not Recommended,529180,35282157,Posted: 28 September,all,WalkingFishCorp5e,i just bought this game and it wont load in. damn loading screen keeps on just siting thare. i have 8gb of RAM and 4gb of v ram. like dude fix your♥♥♥♥♥♥before you relese agame. btw i hope you like screwing pepole over 30$
76561198125496358,Not Recommended,529180,33756419,Posted: 23 July,all,Fredrik,Terrible graphics on highest settings. Not immersive at all. Takes forever to load.
76561198013253335,Not Recommended,529180,33755395,Posted: 23 July,all,Dilir,Can't give this game a yes becasu it really needs a ton of work to even be out for early access .Crashes a lot and i get a very low fps on a decent rig
76561198068920890,Not Recommended,529180,33895629,Posted: 29 July,all,Wirewing,Not yet. I will be back though to check on this later.
,Not Recommended,529180,33695534,Posted: 21 July,all,Veterano Rojo,GAME REFUNDED LONG TIME AGO. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME
76561198138154504,Not Recommended,529180,33756160,Posted: 23 July,all,Raspberry Robot,Terrible game. Runs really rough. High demand on graphics . The game play is super glitchy. Dont waste your money.
76561198083522790,Recommended,529180,33679561,Posted: 20 July,all,BruceWulfe,awesome half way between ARK and ESO (or wow if you prefer...maybe skyrim)
76561198010630564,Not Recommended,529180,33912833,Posted: 30 July,all,Eluwien,"Pros- Good marketing team- Rides well on Dark and Light logo and IPCons- Nothing really works- Lag is horrible- Bases are buggy to a suicidal degree- NPC's teleport, either never die, die instantly, never kill you, or kill you without you never hearing about it- Animations are worse than strippers in Duke NukemStay the hell away from this."
76561198064948093,Not Recommended,529180,33680034,Posted: 20 July,all,the-unhappy-machine-boy,"Just dont!-eternal loading screen...game crashes......again eternal loading screen-visuals are awful. we have two systems here and it looks terrible in 1080 and 2k-on my 1080ti i get about 45-60 frames on ultra settings in 2k-menus are direct copy and paste from ark. which btw do not go with the fantasy setting. looks like a halo menu popping up in skyrim-endless grindy resource farming-beating on trees to get rocks and gems-I wont even start to talk about the 4 haircuts awful facial hair and so on and so forthLike I said ""Just don't""Refund pending =)"
,Not Recommended,529180,33679990,Posted: 20 July,all,bzawisza08,"made a very big black man, launched the game, instantly regretted wasting my time on creating a character.♥♥♥♥♥♥game"
76561198040764398,Not Recommended,529180,33859509,Posted: 28 July,all,rayrazor19,Downloaded DnL when loading screen came up it took 4 hrs to get to character screen made character game crashed went back to desktop next day pushed play again it loaded for 2 hrs until character screen came up finally character entered the game and I couldnt move so I let it sit there and LOOOOOOOAD for 45 mins until it sent me back to my desktop. I ask Steam for a refund and they declined to give it to me said I have played the game 7 hrs. I explained everything and they still declined to give me a refund and I have never tryed to get a refund ever from them . This game should of never been put on Steam it needs alot of work even though it has some great ideas and I hope they get everything straightened out but I would reccommend not buying it.
,Not Recommended,529180,33909460,Posted: 30 July,all,Cyberpunker,"At this moment if you don't have tough nerves, just wait to patch this game and work at least at 90% of the capacity.Now is unplayable from these reasons:A) Servers:-cannot add to favorites- there's no bloody category between PVE & PVP; it's a real mess- booting first time any server could take years FFS ...what's the bloody loadup time that takes so much ?! It goes with charcoal or wot !? ( I hope you don't fuel those servers with a bloody steam engine)- there's a real delay between your player actions and hitting the enemy ...there's no synch on any server- many level art and gameplay blockers (/WTB)B) Gameplay:- its more likely like a combination of Skyrim+gothic+ARK into a MMORPG alltogether- there's a story, a guidance but at some moment you get stuck with the skills leveling (seems its broken)...overall this is my last time in my games history when i invested in this new bu';lsh^^t triky marketing of Earling Access cr^ap.First was ARK, then Conan the exile and this is last EA Dark and Light, even many Dev's friends will argue with everyone i sustain my opinion: you started to su[8ck alot in creating games nowadays and want money before any 100% job done like it was in old days. You are lazy cows under some cra88ppy politics to milk money from people who expect to be at least a playable game, not like this.You took this EA strategy from others after you saw that it works due to many re66tardness around the Globe.Remember this: old school Devs and their games will beat you anytime wth these unfinished works of yours !!! ...even you like it or not ;)I can't recommend this right now !"
,Not Recommended,529180,33962573,Posted: 1 August,all,WarmTummyRubs,Learn Chinese simulator
76561197960926825,Not Recommended,529180,33684409,Posted: 20 July,all,JumJum,Asked for refund almost right away. Don't bother.
,Recommended,529180,33686173,Posted: 20 July,all,Benny,Love this game. It's not polished yet but has tons of potential. It's a lot of fun to play with friends.
76561197971683335,Recommended,529180,33684631,Posted: 20 July,all,Voidwalker,For an early access game it looks great. It is the first few hours of a release of an online game. Server access is going to be a nightmaer. I have seem the same thing since the beta of Everquest 1. The advantage is you can play on local and there is no waiting. It is a great way to try thr game out.Now if they can keep the updates coming it could be a contender.
76561198045707993,Not Recommended,529180,33755674,Posted: 23 July,all,pharacle77,"This game is a joke in it's current state. May be better in a few months, but refunded for now."
,Not Recommended,529180,33680940,Posted: 20 July,all,SHAHIN,"they r trying to copy ark but they fail ,, refunding now"
,Not Recommended,529180,33767673,Posted: 24 July,all,Bork The Swedish Chef,GTX 970i5 44608gig ramand the ♥♥♥♥ign game freeze my whole computer on medium settings -.- if you dont have an i7 and a 1080 dont buy this..
,Not Recommended,529180,33969209,Posted: 2 August,all,SoupInMyBeard,"GTX 960 users be warned. Even on the lowest possible settings I couldn't get over 25 FPS. It's honestly a damn shame, this game could be great. I shouldn't have to much of a problem running this game but couldnt make it past the first hour without frames dipping to unplayable levels. First impressions are very bad with this game aswell. Started up the game and the main menu was getting 7 FPS and first game I tried to get into had a loading screen that lasted over 10 minutes. Lets be real, lets look past the fact its early access. I understand, but, dont put system requirements on the store page that cannot run the game. I'm all about some early access games, this one however, needs quite a bit of work. As of right now refund requested. Game has so much patential it's crazy. Might end up buying it again if I hear about some optimizations."
76561198093305457,Not Recommended,529180,33852626,Posted: 28 July,all,Village head,"bad  ,how many i tried to play , cant get start...... stuck in loading"
,Not Recommended,529180,34832394,Posted: 9 September,all,sinimatik88,This game just wasn't for me.
76561198002053619,Not Recommended,529180,33746794,Posted: 23 July,all,Klavs,"* First time loading: program ran out of memory* second time (lowering detail and stuff even more) - game loads but looks total crap. I mean Yes indeed, my computer isn't the newest wonder machine in the world but there were times when games did look wonderful when I was playing them. Now they look like a total crap. Why?* official EU server loaded - server is full of Chinese names - in chat and unconscious bodies on the ground. I bet there is another body with my name on it there now also.* character generation - after switching to the male body I am greeted with hunk that does not stay still so that I can modify certain facial attributes properly. Finding a natural color for hair is impossible. Skin tone is not an easy task also.* loading times - You all know that loading times are insane. But it is just half of the truth. They are playing a detailed dragon rendering in the background so that Your computer has additional load, just to make sure that You will suffer while waiting for the world to load."
76561197987116974,Not Recommended,529180,33787763,Posted: 25 July,all,Razrazor,I know this is early access but when your waiting over 2 hours to get into a game.It's pointless don't buy it till u read that they have fixed this issue.
76561197970652798,Not Recommended,529180,34469503,Posted: 24 August,all,Smash,"Review Updated - 1 Oct 2017I've kept my original review below because everything in there still applies.  I'm just leaving some additional comments in relation to the end-game and the new content.Wow this game is grindy.  Now I've never played any of those early '00s grinder MMOs but I played Vanilla Wow, and Final Fantasy XI and Ark Survival Evolved and I've always liked a game where you had to work for it.  However, D&L is a whole other level of grindy.The new content fell a couple of weeks ago and you can now enchant your gear.  However, this is a convoluted, boring and ultimately unfullfilling chore.  I won't fill you in on what you need to do to get ready to enchant your gear but it's tedious to say the least. Once you are ready you need to find a node with a decent amount of energy in it to forge.  Knowing this is trial and error, so you could conceivablly drop your forge on a low energy node and waste a heap of mats when the forge self destructs.  Knowing whether the node has enough energy requires flying up to it and checking it out.  Yeah, you'd think that they should just have a glow or something if viable, but nope.  That would be too easy.  Also, they're not exactly common.  At any one time there might be 2-3 nodes that can be used, so you'll be looking for a while.So when you find the node you then place your forge, put the mats in that took you hours to gather and make, put your armour piece in and set it to upgrade.  No, that's right, you can't pick how you want it to upgrade, nor can you see what it's going to be after starting, so you just have to wait around 30mins to see if you get what you need.  I'm not sure if other players can look into the forge, but if they can then RIP this process on PVP servers.So you wait the 30minutes and then you get your amour or wepon upgrade.  I was attempting to upgrade a brimstone cape so i could attempt to do the new content that almost no-one in this game has done yet, 2 weeks after it launched.........  I got +8 health..........  To put that in perspective your character will likely have 300 minimun on a PVP server, so +8 after all that effort is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Of-course you can re-enchant the hood again, as long as you have another forge, enough mats to give it another go and can find a viable node.Now don't get me wrong, I'm ok with gind and I'm ok with RNG.  But having both on the same process is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  It's the gameplay equivalent to loot crates in FTP games.  If I spend all that time grinding all those resources and all that time waiting around for something to craft , out in the open, on a pvp server, then at least let me pick the god damn enchantment i'm going to get!Then there's the state of creatures in this game.  Basically there are 3 tiers of creatures:1) Normal2) Savage3) MythicSavage and mythic tames are literally an order of magnitude better than normal tier tames, but aren't really that much harder to tame.  They just have a bit of a steep progression bottlekneck.  But once you can build an iron cage they're a really simple proposition.  Anyone who tames a level 8 mythic can wipe the floor with anyone on a perfect tame level 120 normal tame, no contest.  Not only that but he'd defeat a whole squad of them without even losing 10% health.  It's nuts.  Until this is balanced this game is un-playable.  Keep well away from it.-----------------------------------------------------I very rarely leave negative reviews, especially for EA, but regrettably D&L has earned it.Snail has been selling this game concept for the past few years as a fantasy survival game and upon launch it pretty much was.  Ark with Magic was a fairly good description and that's exactly what I wanted.  It has certainly had it's share of technical issues, such as the melee de-sync which makes melee builds un-viable and harvest lag locking your mining tames down for 10 seconds per node before you can move to the next one, but generally most of this stuff can be attributed to EA and are not the reason why I'm not recommending this game.  From a technical perspective they've been pretty good and have made solid attempts to improve the stability and playability of the game.My issue is that they've basically just ruined PVP servers by making buildings un-raidable.  They effectively multiplied all the building pieces health x100 with no explanation except to confirm that it was intentional and designed to make raiding 'harder'.  This showed a fairly poor understanding of how their game already worked because it cost more to break into someones base that it took to make it, already.  Now it takes 36k wood and countless other mats to make enough siege arrows to bust a 50 stone wall.  What's even more stunning isd that this change seems to be broadly supported by a somewhat clueless player base, largely because the majority of people who would have played this have already given up and gone back to Conan Exiles or will go to Ark next week when the new servers hit.  Snail shouldn't cater to these carebears, they'll be bored within a month and head off to play other things well before this game launches.Certainly there was a case to be made that some raiding methods were too effective, such as melee weapons on stone, but this could have been rectified without taking all the risk completely out of the game.  Risk is what makes survival games popular, the feeling that you are not ever safe is what drives them.  That's why in the last 5 years we've seen so many of these titles From Day Z to Ark Survival evolved, people like freedom and PVP.  If you take that away D&L just becomes skyrim without any content that alows you to be bored and aimless with other people, except no-one else is playing it, so it's just boring and aimless.  The could have nerfed some damage to some tiers, improved turrets, added iron gates, traps and plenty of other things to help people defend their bases.  This broad brush approach is not the way and will really just chase off the PVP crowd completely (They've largely all quit already).Like most survival games you'll get your moneys worth if you buy it and play it single player for say 50 hours.  Build yourself a cool looking base and tame a few dragons, but after that there is literally nothing else you can do.  As this game is an EA, survival to the core game, don't expect any exciting PVE content such as dungeons or MMO style raids to make it interesting, that requires a lot of effort to be put into character progression and abilities and like most survival games it's not designed with that in mind.It's heart breaking to give up on this game and to leave this negative review.  However if you're the sort of carebear who plays solo on PVP servers but whines on global chat whenever anyone actually attacks you then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,529180,33686163,Posted: 20 July,all,Prochilles,"So far .. wonderful game.I don't see why, even if it was an Ark rip, which I've heard it's from some of the same devs, why so many are negative reviews are rolling out.Issues:Gathering atm is weird, but not ruining the experience.Walking up steep hills occasionally gets you stuck on rock. (just jump up hills np)EDIT: IMPORTANTE! --FACTIONS do nothing. There are 3 factions (which I said would make the perfect survival game since it would force 1/3 of the community to not be dbags and even help out others to a degree), but in this game same faction players can attack each other with no consequence. ATM raiding a base and deleting someones 2-3 DAYS worth of hard work is super simple and trolls are real. (They are implementing fixes to this such as fixing the 'House Seal' item which requires tribes to declare war before they can attack, but not only does it put a giant glowing orange bubble around the base, revealing the base location to the world, a level 1 player can aquire the 3 mats needed to dec. So... )Gameplay: (Personally I kept the game and I refund pretty much 95% of all the games I dLoad so I enjoy the game quite a bit to keep it)So far we've (Buddy and I) built a base, second after it was done a meteor fell from the sky right next to house and a huge scythe wielding scary guy pops out and attacks us (No mobs have tried to randomly attack the base so far it is ""full hp""). We lure scythe off cliff and he's someone else prob. / dispawns after X minutes.Skills are obtained at a set level as well as gathering/crafting X items. (It seems diff. players can specialize in certain crafts homemaking, alchemy, magic, etc)EDIT: On to third base. Certain troll guilds (Ones that while they were new my guild helped out) drag mobs over across flat areas to destroy bases, for no other reason than to aggro other players. Building on uneven ground, such as a steep hill, or mountain, is necessary defense strategy although it does make the base more visible. (Still looking for a cave.)EDIT: Final Thoughts :   I do still recommend the game, but for the moment until pvp gets fixed, I'd stick to either pve or private servers. PvP itself isn't bad, but the game, like every other survival game, ENCOURAGES players to troll others and be dbags. Faction warfare should've fixed this, but..."
76561198168690505,Not Recommended,529180,34285319,Posted: 16 August,all,✡KINGELI✡,"Another ark clone, those games are crap with all these hit points, stay away."
76561197974942868,Not Recommended,529180,33844807,Posted: 27 July,all,Blaze,"Game looks cool. But you must need a BEAST of a rig to actually play the bloody thing.Tried to load it the first time.1. Start game loading.2. Go and make sandwich.3. Come back and eat sandwich.4. Leave to watch some tv.5. Come back, Game crashed.Full tally about 15 minutes.It suggested I Update my Video Drivers. Fair enough, It's been a whole month since I did so after all.Updated Drivers and started attempt number two.Took about another 15 minutes and crashed again, same error.Simpy put, the game does not work in it's current state for me, which is too bad because it looks like it could be fun.My Computer isn't cutting edge, but it's not a potato by any stretch. Maybe I'll try the game again in about six months when it's had a bit longer to cook.For now though, I'm asking for a refund, I won't have a game sitting on my Computer I can't even play."
,Not Recommended,529180,33755672,Posted: 23 July,all,badnesso,"I knew going into this game it had alot of ark similarities, but I didnt realize just how much of it is simply reskinned ark.  The most disappointing part is the magic it feels so out of place.  I'm a wizard using ark primitive tools...really? Magic feels completely secondary and underwhelming in nature."
,Not Recommended,529180,34257101,Posted: 15 August,all,Chonto,"In its current state, nope."
,Not Recommended,529180,33680687,Posted: 20 July,all,Sinum,"I dislike ark, because it has a lot of flaws, e.g. it's just a bad sandbox gamethen this comes and it's basically a bad ark ripoff, yes it is even WORSE, why do companies think that people want ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games like this...."
76561197962064647,Not Recommended,529180,33724881,Posted: 22 July,all,Shoqzie,"Looks really promising, and could be a game to watch for the future... but atm it`s not even early access finished in my opinion. Movement out of sync, interaction with objects is just random. animals have different levels which is quite obvious but in this case you`ll find or a level 56 sheep or a level 8 sheep... needless to say makes no sense , since they are in the same area.I requested a refund for now, since it`s kind of an annoyance to play it now. But i`ll keep following it because of reasons ;)"
76561197983518716,Not Recommended,529180,33761738,Posted: 24 July,all,batcave_slimer,It willl not get past loading screen.
76561198018680373,Not Recommended,529180,33909735,Posted: 30 July,all,Red Beast,"One of the worst EA titles I've seen. Every official server is filled with chinese hackers that make it impossible for most players to enjoy the game, when they can connect to a server at all. It's the same unresponsive and poorly optimized system that Ark has had for years, including a massive memory leak.The game has a 10 minute loading screen to log into the game every single session, Devs acknowledged it as being unacceptable so at least it's being worked on.The potential is definitely there but since theyre dead set on the same bad business practices that everyone complains about Ark having it's hard to say what will happen. The game is definitely more fun than it's dinosaur based counterpart though.The thing that actually ruins this game for me is the community. It's one of the most toxic I've ever seen. Most notably is that some people on the forums are now blaming the games shortcomings on ""liberal snowflakes"" for ""letting the chinese into an american game."" Avoid for now. Maybe in a year come back if the community gets it proverbial♥♥♥♥♥♥together."
76561198057043803,Not Recommended,529180,34395524,Posted: 21 August,all,SiberianHound,"As someone with nearly tripple the time as the other reviewers i would simply like to elaborate and say this game has amazing potential UN-offical servers should never of happened or existed. They push players from the game witnessing adming abuse and seeing that as reason enough to Quit. Offical is nice but too slow and deters anyone from giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥TLDR; Games decent, dev team sucks like expected working on UE4 like plebs, Un-offical is full of admin abuse (Stay away from US dauntless) oh and in general magic is broken as hell and mele is useless for anything but attempting to cut a tree/mine stone and that goes for weapons. Honestly a 14 year old and his highschool friends could of done a better job."
76561198311166630,Not Recommended,529180,34300459,Posted: 16 August,all,13553004668,这种垃圾拿出来卖！还卖的这么贵~这么低的开发度~BUG多的让人抓狂~连最基本的正常游戏都无法保证~就是欺诈
76561198062228471,Not Recommended,529180,34021355,Posted: 4 August,all,rwelbor,takes 15 min. to load and then when you play its like you are playing in slow motion. Save your money!
,Not Recommended,529180,35340640,Posted: 30 September,all,Finrod,"When i bought this game i was happy and playing really positively but after while i realized that this game kinda ruins my good gaming laptop, I dont know but i think this game is came out late and still alpha and i dont see any fun part in this game anymore. If you wanna waster your money go ahead but i can tell you that you can buy better and much more fun games with that money!"
76561198036402613,Not Recommended,529180,33931037,Posted: 31 July,all,brian23233,"Where is the communication from the devs about the loading issue? Why are all the contact us links broken?  How can we report a bug?OK. So... I am playing Atomic Society, which hasn't even launched yet. Its in pre-pre-alpha and the game actually loads. I know its not the same, but if you are going to do a pre-launch of a game, then you need to pre-order enough servers or pre-plan for whatever the bottle neck is thats causing me to load the game for over 24 hours and still not get signed in, even on SINGLE PLAYER!!! If this is going to be an issue, the community will not support a game this early on. I have never seen a pre-launch be so terrible. Where is the communication from the devs? Why does not a single link to contact us not work?If I were a mean troll, I would start calling SnailGames SnailServers, but I am not like that. No, wait, I am now. Get the SnailServers fixed! if it takes me another 24 hours to not log in, I get my money back. End of story."
76561198318799745,Not Recommended,529180,33733253,Posted: 22 July,all,Frozen Rane,"The game seems great, Ive played about 2 hours.  The amount of server lag and errors that pop up are quite the burden."
,Not Recommended,529180,33957407,Posted: 1 August,all,Tuanta,So horribly unoptimized. This is alpha stage at best.
,Not Recommended,529180,33979890,Posted: 2 August,all,Spectre,This game is another reskin of ARK possibly made by the same devs just under another company name. Do not support them as this game is not fun. Stick with ARK if you already have it.
76561198055774942,Not Recommended,529180,33977332,Posted: 2 August,all,Frankie,put alot of time into the game just to have ai panthers target onto my house and destroy everything and its too glitchy for me to even kill them.. waste of time
76561198115654301,Not Recommended,529180,34479422,Posted: 25 August,all,❤Subaru Dickelson❤,to laggy and the loading screen takes to long
76561198063630256,Recommended,529180,33708548,Posted: 21 July,all,Starlight,gr8 game
76561197961629308,Not Recommended,529180,33724367,Posted: 22 July,all,Papabear,GAME RUINED: FORCED 3RD PERSON VIEW.
76561198006606480,Not Recommended,529180,33763334,Posted: 24 July,all,Crolly,Loading times are insane. 10 minutes to load in to a server.NPCs have not respawned in starter zones meaning the quests are bugged (hur dur early access)The grind is real.RIP.
76561198000711728,Not Recommended,529180,33760352,Posted: 24 July,all,Knight Guy,"Game won't even start, sat and waited for 10min and wouldn't start while in game the multiplayer or singleplayer match.  Maybe worth while once it's fixed."
,Not Recommended,529180,33763088,Posted: 24 July,all,Wilem,"I don't know if it's a bug and specific to my PC, but I got upscaled graphics in the game. I play on 1080p and everything looks like it's actually rendered at much lower resolution, which is quite ugly. Graphics settings are all at least High, some Epic. That is unacceptable and I got the game refunded. Despite all that, character creation was very good and the world looks beautiful. If only it weren't for the upscaling. That is a blocker for me, so I can't recommend the game in its current state to anyone. Will have to get back to it when it's in better shape."
,Recommended,529180,33715028,Posted: 22 July,all,DomiXus,"This game is absolutely great. I recommend the game to anyone who likes magics, chrafting, taming and open world games. Yes it is an early access and has still errors, but they work on it. I love the game and is worth all its money"
76561198137237143,Not Recommended,529180,33770126,Posted: 24 July,all,lerwen6,Stuck in loading screen about 10 min before you can play. You have to low the setting way down to play which is like playing rolobox
76561198052348686,Not Recommended,529180,33912795,Posted: 30 July,all,SugarCayne,"I'll let you know what I think if I can ever get past the character creaton screen. Eight gigs of ram doesn't appear to be enough -- massive crashes, literally 10 minutes to load the launcher to get to the character creation screen, then kaboom ... blah."
,Not Recommended,529180,34915655,Posted: 13 September,all,SlowSparks,Buyer Beware!!!
,Not Recommended,529180,33831867,Posted: 27 July,all,Flapp,really spec?
,Not Recommended,529180,33886061,Posted: 29 July,all,Shugimi,so buggy that its unplayable plz fix
,Not Recommended,529180,33970840,Posted: 2 August,all,Cuffs,"What kind of a company would release a game in early access and never listen their players? You have to be a low life worthless scumbag to take an advantage of that when you got nice people willing to buy your game and give out legit feedback of what problems are going on...  It's nothing but pathetic and tiredsome. For too long gamers are getting tired of this kind of bullcrap and valve really needs to do something about it.  Pretty much every company has done this childish behavior in all early access games. All they do is add crap(even while they have a community that creates free content for them), never fix their bugs since day one, and never listen to their complaints."
76561197990738351,Not Recommended,529180,33957741,Posted: 1 August,all,ckay2005,not my cup of tea with graphics  my god.
76561198020204433,Not Recommended,529180,34145590,Posted: 10 August,all,Drunknmonkey,Crap and so poorly optimised its really not worth putting any money in to.My advice is wait and see what happens as there are many other survival games a lot more advanced than this
76561198007101562,Not Recommended,529180,34129194,Posted: 9 August,all,Drenix,"Stay away, 10 minute load time on ssd, followed by some of the most crap outdated stuttering graphics."
,Recommended,529180,34733476,Posted: 4 September,all,Mundog,"Very laggy and unoptimized game, could be enjoyable is these problems are fixed."
76561198125101900,Recommended,529180,34032940,Posted: 5 August,all,Captain Russia,"You'll see reviews that say ""Anyone who recommends this just dismisses the errors/flaws the game has because it's EA, blah blah, game is totally unplayable."" These people are just complainers, don't take their review to heart. Also, most people who try this have potatos for computers, or try playing beyond their computer's capabilities. No one who has rated this game in a super negative way has done it 100% honestly. This is based off their crappy specs, their inability to grind, their low patience, ect ect. Pick one. I'll make my review short and sweet:This game IS playable! However, it is early access and is riddled with problems, so be prepared for that. Play the game if you wish to support the devs, and help the game grow. If you don't care, and aren't patient, simply don't buy it and move on.Pros:- The entire learning mechanics are far better then Ark's IMO, but that's just the play style I prefer, maybe it isn't for you. To get certain things, you need to level certain skills, like cooking/alchemy. You don't just level up and select what engrams you want to learn.- The taming is pretty cool - you tire them out, not knock them out, and it's a little more challenging/more fun IMO- Already has a large variety of creaturesCons:- Still a bunch of issues (Can't climb some simple hills, map needs to be refined)- A few graphics errors (shooting rabbits sometimes results in goliath sized arrows petruding from it, still funny to see)-Some creatures are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥(Griffins lock on to you like heat seaking missles)Overall, I really enjoy the game. However, I play on a private server, as public servers are almost ALWAYS ruined by foreign players forming huge guilds on NA servers. Either rent your own server, or play SP for the best experience. This game uses a lot of Ark's features as well. I rate it, as it stands, 6/10. Love playing it but needs a lot of stuff ironed out."
,Not Recommended,529180,33926640,Posted: 31 July,all,Chief,"Serious issues abound in this Early Access. This game beind developed by the parent company of the ARK Devs brought me here, but the Devs here aren't like those in ARK. The game mechanics are enjoyable and this game may be great someday. Right now, it has to many issues even running for my taste."
76561198373059130,Not Recommended,529180,34454855,Posted: 24 August,all,Skratic,Bad kid
76561198018488177,Recommended,529180,33934790,Posted: 31 July,all,eleos,kombra were are u?
,Not Recommended,529180,34425838,Posted: 22 August,all,Big_Headed_Gamer,"Not Right NowI can play Paragon without a problem and this game with lesser graphics freezes non stop.  Took me forever just to get into game for it to just freeze permanently.Don't waste your money unless you have a ""future proof"" PC.Very poorly optimized... I'll be back cause I am really interested in this game.*Update* 08/27/2017Memory Leak problems just like ARK use to have. If anyone knows how to fix this let me know. Keep getting memory allocated error leading to a crash."
,Recommended,529180,33684547,Posted: 20 July,all,Scourge012,"1: This game is made by the parent company that owns ARK.2: This game has some of the same deep coding (i.e. in the config files instead of ""creature"" it says ""Dino"")3: Ark is a frickin' awesome game.4: Dark and Light is a frickin' awesome game.5: If you hated ARK, you will hate this.6: If you liked ARK, you will *might* still hate this.  Because it's not ARK.  It's medieval fantasy. And third person only.7: This game is being review bombed.  No way around it, it's being targeted by toxic players who review bomb and refund.This is an Alpha game.  It plays like an Alpha game.  It's all sorts of glitchy and that's what makes it glorious."
76561198110554834,Not Recommended,529180,33759957,Posted: 23 July,all,Poolibs,"Could not reccomend this game. If you had problems running ARK you'll have problems running this. Extremley laggy, I could'nt even get out of the loading screen. Classic UE4 devs."
76561198042883126,Not Recommended,529180,34684113,Posted: 2 September,all,Mr.Anderson,refunded after i was getting 40 fps on medium settings with a gtx 1080
76561198000655786,Not Recommended,529180,33772943,Posted: 24 July,all,Tangoes for food stamps!!!!!,"So I don't feel i've logged enough hours into this game to cleary say ""make or Break"".However, I will state the facts of my experience while trying to remain as objective as possible.Load time to the game is about 4-6 minutes on an SSD. This has nothing to do with the specs of my PC it's actaully way above whats required to run this game. It's just incredibly slow (Normal for EA game)Graphics look nothing like the screen shots. It feel as if the screen shots were photoshopped. Again, my PC is more than powerfull enought o run everything on full and it's nothing compared to what's shown here.Lastly, the price. There's no way anyone should pay 27$ for this at this moment.Let's not forget, my generation was exposed to MMO's like world of warcraft and Final fantasy 11 for this price range.Yes, it's nearly impossible for any startup to get to that quality without help. And it get it.However, that help will not be coming from me. I work too hard to throw money at developers in hopes i may or ay not get a final product in 2 years.Ive done it with Everquest Next and a few other developments via steam.In essence, i've lost close to 400$-500$ on Early access games with no final product or abandonment.From this point forward, i'd rather not experience the hope for a game system and just stick to what's good and ready at 60$."
,Not Recommended,529180,33780617,Posted: 24 July,all,Sunderbraze,"There is some potential here. Some.With a UI full of basic failures at English, it's blatently obvious that the core development team of the game is as Chinese as their parent company, Snail. This isn't inherently a bad thing, but for Early Access games, it belies a fundamental disconnect between the developers and their audience, immediately souring their stated goal of somehow including the community in the development process.That's my biggest concern. My smaller ones are easily fixed - but I have to ask - is there even the slightest chance that communicating them will lead to anything being done? You'll have to forgive me, but I can only profess doubt.Regardless, I'll be following this title for some time, and if it seems to get itself on track for a good release, I'll gladly change this to recommended."
76561198082554539,Not Recommended,529180,33935657,Posted: 31 July,all,ManOWare90,0.5 hours played....0.5 hours waiting for a single player game to load.will come back in a few months.
76561198080875885,Not Recommended,529180,33908499,Posted: 30 July,all,Donald J. Trump,"Half my time I have played on this game is the loading screen...then when it finally loaded the graphics looked like something out of ps2 era...and I have a high end computer, I dont see how this is a top seller"
76561198016237514,Not Recommended,529180,33682419,Posted: 20 July,all,xBl4ck,Disappointing. Early Access ftw x)
,Not Recommended,529180,33758696,Posted: 23 July,all,Brominator,"Honest Review:I understand this game is only 30% complete, but I am still very disappointed. As an ARK player, Dark and Light feels like exactly the same game, and I didnt have fun at all, heres why:-- Character moves like robot and easily get stucked by a freaking pice of rock (Like ARK)-- Monsters are so dumb and easily get themselfs stcuked between trees (Like ARK)-- NPCs in the cities are like dead people, no interaction system at all-- All the sound effects are the same as ARK-- 0 Story-- 90% of your time spending on this game is all about survival,gathering resources and crafting (Like ARK)-- Fighting system is boring, when you have a sword and ready to fight a monster(which supposed to be an intense part of this game), the actual scenario is like you are using a chopping knife and just keep chopping. Maybe this can be good in first person view like Skyrim, but 3rd person view is just so robotic.And....definately....-- Skyrim is better-- Monster Hunter is betterI couldn't deny that this game indeed has potential, its graphic is awesome......"
76561197968546856,Not Recommended,529180,33764259,Posted: 24 July,all,Chaon,"Even with being a Early Access game, I found that just meeting the minimum specs was not enough to run this game in a playable state. The specs for this game are set too low and need to be more realistic for a decent FPS state.At the moment I would not recommend this game for anyone who just meets the minimum specs."
76561198058373495,Not Recommended,529180,33766259,Posted: 24 July,all,jurmain_dupri,"Where to start... This game is a literal copy and paste from ark. Everything from teh sounds, concepts, and even many of the game items are a direct rip from ark. All of this could be looked past if it were not for the severly laggy server, (so much so that your tames die because you cannot attack or move), and people constantly killing the NPC's so you cannot do quests. The game is so laggy that you will literally stand there and swing your tool for 3+ seconds before anything happens. To top all this off you have all the toxic ark and rust player swarming this game to troll, I.e constantly killing NPC so you cannot do quests.This game was a flop once and was pulled, it is no better now. DO NOT BUY."
,Not Recommended,529180,33681168,Posted: 20 July,all,AcydRayn,"Avoid this game. The trailers look awesome but I really do not think this game is worth purchasing over Citadel. It's really unfortunate as I have followed this game for a long time. They rushed to release it before Citadel and every part of it shows. Even on epic settings on a 4k monitor, the game looks nothing like the screen shots. They're most likely in game shots that were captured with Ansel and down sampled.... Just avoid this game for now."
,Not Recommended,529180,33679386,Posted: 20 July,all,Mo,The graphic is pieca****
76561198032415948,Not Recommended,529180,33783404,Posted: 25 July,all,Tamamo No Mae,"The game has potential to be a fun game to play whit other people. But I have to give it a negative review. The in-game servers are badly customized and server lag makes it impossible to join them. Also, there is a problem whit game being filled whit many dead bodies, I mean way too much.  There is a lack of customization of the World. Instead of having a slider that says More-Normal-Less we have numbers that for new players would make no sense.But don't get me wrong the world is beautiful, monsters are amazingly done.  The crafting system could use some more work but it's there. Overall it's an Average game but whit bad server polish and bad in-game lag forcing you to mostly play solo or whit 1-2 friends."
76561198096033869,Not Recommended,529180,33963358,Posted: 1 August,all,Nfekz,i want my money back plz !
76561198052207497,Not Recommended,529180,33782265,Posted: 25 July,all,sabsub,"A few hours into the a game, I really would love to like... but, somehow it does not get me hooked.I enjoyed Ark a lot and was easily able to overlook the dodgy character movement or the fact that the graphics were not what they could be nowadays. Simply because the atmosphere, the gameplay and the sandbox possibilites felt right.So what´s wrong with this game? I am aware of the fact that it is very early access. But even with my fairly good PC (runs smoothly on epic settings) the graphics do not look good. The picture is somehow grainy, even if I untick the ""film grain"" in the options. The landscape (where it is not plucked bare by players) does not look convincing. The animal and monster models which I have seen so far are all not very pleasant to look at. The horses look starved. The other animals all look like horrific gene experiment fails. The character models aren´t any better. When I created a normal sized character it annoyed me tremedously that it was constantly bent over when it was moving. So, I decided to create a small character to avoid this... what should I say... at least it is not bent in the hip.I might have another look at the game in a few months but for now it is not yet worth the money."
76561198144301271,Recommended,529180,33686062,Posted: 20 July,all,Animosity,i am in love with this product
76561197993835236,Not Recommended,529180,33734642,Posted: 22 July,all,Br!gs,"So far graphics look awesome on EPIC settings, yet the fps no matter what settings i change the fps stays between 25 and 45 on a GTX 1070 (even on low settings).The game mechanics are somewhat sluggish because the server lag, they need to add an ingame real time latency feature, but overall seems fun. Managed to kite kill big monsters without getting hit using most of the time spells.As the game is new, i coultn't find a manual to find out how to get materials to craft or where to find them. They really need to explain at least the basics. Because using different tools/weapons on trees, rocks, plants, animals, monsters, whatever that can be destroyed give different reagents/materials even quantities are different based on what tool is used.Again, the game looks good, but i'll give it a month or so before playing it again."
,Not Recommended,529180,33691013,Posted: 21 July,all,PAPI,"Constant graphical bugs and low fps/lag (Intel Skylake i7-6700k, 16gb RAM, GTX 1070)Copy/pasted game from ARK: Survival Evolved more or less.Refunded, no ty."
76561197987052962,Not Recommended,529180,33776205,Posted: 24 July,all,*XYZ*JMasterZ,"Wont even load. Ill start a single player game, it gets stuck on the loading screen. Even when I set the settiong to low. I should have more than enough power to run it. Spent money on a game I cant even try..."
,Not Recommended,529180,33680969,Posted: 20 July,all,♥P3R35AN5,Buy Citadel.
,Not Recommended,529180,33779543,Posted: 24 July,all,CitizenKazee,"More 'Feedback' than 'Review,' so FWIW...Pros:Really liking the relaxed vibe compared to other games. Feels very laid back and (original) LotRO.Cons:I would definitely love to see a more robust magic and combat system.A ‘random modifier’ crafting system would do wonders, “Copper Sword of the Flame” and such.I wish Crafting progression were not gated by CLvl. Let CLvl be its own thing, and crafting another. It is OK. Just let it be.The UI needs to be un(X-)Boxed. Would it kill devs to make a separate UI for PC’s? All the had work is done, just plug in the existing structure into a UI that makes sense for mouse and keyboard users.Needs more interactive NPC's.Can’t wait to see what this game becomes when it grows up, esp. once the modders get their mitts on it."
76561198098741998,Not Recommended,529180,33885618,Posted: 29 July,all,[SxS] brandonsin,"unplayable.. around 12 fps regardless of settings, i changed from my usuall 4k max settings got 10-14fps change it to the lowest resolution the game would allow and the lowest settings made zero diffrence. how the devs have the balls to release a game with this poor optimisation is beyond me. don't waste your time the game is a joke."
76561198063046023,Not Recommended,529180,33949606,Posted: 1 August,all,Darkmelody,Overpriced for how little it's offering at the moment.
76561198011683292,Not Recommended,529180,33948315,Posted: 1 August,all,RSNkiller,>try to open up game>crash>try again>crash>try again>crash>refund requestedlooks good but it would be better if i can actually play
,Not Recommended,529180,34001513,Posted: 3 August,all,Ze_Best_Player,Took too long to load and once you get in the game the framerate is trash. Game is trash. Ark clone
76561198010896720,Not Recommended,529180,33776179,Posted: 24 July,all,MajorTahm,"At first glance, this game seemed amazing. I've played Rust and Ark in the past, and have a love for the fantasy theme. When I started it up, it ran a bit slow. But that's ok. Went into singleplayer, and then sat there... and sat there... and sat there... It took nearly 15 minutes before the load bar on the bottom on the load window to even appear. Finally finished loading, and it crashed. I wanted to give this game a shot, so I tried it again. After another 15-20 minutes I finally got in the game, and on the lowest graphics settings and lowest visibility range, the game was hardly playable.The next day I tried again and it crashed after the load screen again. If you have any kind of average computer, this game will be a nightmare to even get running. Which sucks, because I really was pumped to see this game in action. But at it's current performance level for the price this game costs... better to keep the game on your watchlist and check back for performance updates."
76561198077654353,Not Recommended,529180,34487779,Posted: 25 August,all,Bjergsen,This game is trash dont get it. I didnt know you can get a refund for this game smh. Dont waste your moeny on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198061011361,Recommended,529180,33683390,Posted: 20 July,all,cavalryguy9,So it's in Early Access. It's got some issues sure. I'm 2 hours in and I'm still learning. It's a pretty ok game for DAY 1 of EA. I saw some pretty cool creatures that made me run away in terror ( and take screenshots). Lol. I like the graphics. ( I run on high/ epic settings and have not crashed once nor have I had any weird graphic glitches.) I can get into this game for sure. Looking forward to seeing it progress.
76561198075320039,Not Recommended,529180,33821020,Posted: 26 July,all,drizzthu,"Seems like a re-skin of ARK. FYI I didnt play for long but that was only because of the terrible performance (which may or may not improve with age, im guessing not tho cuz ARK has been out for how long and still runs like garbage). Long story short... It's simply not worth it's price tag. Maybe someday I'll revisit it and and put some actual time into it if it decides to run well. Maybe not..Who knows.."
76561198077100651,Not Recommended,529180,33905995,Posted: 30 July,all,umbr,"4.7 Hours spent in a load screen... Tried so many times to get it to load. Maybe its just me...I made a mistake buying it today. Ill change my review when I'm able to play.EDIT: Tried to ask for a refund, spend too much time ""in-game"" lol... wow"
76561198299487353,Not Recommended,529180,33893326,Posted: 29 July,all,Lopstik,can't run this♥♥♥♥♥♥with i7-7700 and GTX 1080 and I can't get any support from this ♥♥♥♥ing SNAILDON'T WASTE YOUR TIME
76561198071001701,Recommended,529180,34736819,Posted: 4 September,all,crazy old man,good game tnx ... need more bug fix :)but love it.and to much griffins spone together...
76561197966702999,Not Recommended,529180,33797721,Posted: 25 July,all,Q.Drache,"Stage is much too early to be enjoyable- Most times it wont even connect to servers, after it failed to connect to an EU server it just offers me asian servers with pings 280+- Graphics doesnt look as good as promised, but i got stable 30+ fps with minimum hardware even on medium settings- Animations from characters and monsters are still clunky, hitboxes are a joke, many graphic issues and glitchesI would advise to give this game a try several month later, right now its just a buggy mess- REFUNDED -"
76561197981014966,Not Recommended,529180,33972790,Posted: 2 August,all,Mortavius,"This will be the first game I'll ask a refund for.According to Steam I've ""played"" 1,7 hours of this game. I actually played 5 minutes. The rest I was stuck in loading screens, waiting for something to happen...Trying to connect to a server will cost you about 5 minutes. Then another 5-10 minutes of getting on. IF you get on. Had just black screens, crashes to desktop, a BSOD, and even a Steam crash trying to get this to work.And the one time i actually could make a char and connected o the server i found out it runs like poo. I don't claim to have an high-end computer, but even on my rig I expected it to run a bit smoother than it did.Serves me right fot trying another Early Access game..."
,Recommended,529180,33689006,Posted: 20 July,all,Zombilly,this game has every thing i been looking for in a game i got this game years ago loved it ans still do run relly good on my pci say buy it
,Not Recommended,529180,33776952,Posted: 24 July,all,RLShadow,"Maybe some people like this, but it's pretty stale. Half the time your damage doesn't even go through, while enemies have no trouble damaging you. One of the starting quests is bugged, leaving you to just go out and level randomly. I'd rather play Rust or Ark."
,Not Recommended,529180,33754799,Posted: 23 July,all,likwidsage,"The game itself is decent. However, most servers are filled with your run of the mill elitist who control everything and like to camp starting areas but claim that they don't. It's an alpha so the frame rate issues, roll backs, enemy spawn locations were foreseen. However, there are some design decisions that are trouble some. IE Easily killable vendors in starter areas slows the progress of newer players, effectively putting a larger gap between players that started earlier."
,Not Recommended,529180,33916914,Posted: 30 July,all,MrBadExample,"I've been watching this game for a few months and looked forward to it. Sadly in it's current state it is pretty much unplayable. After finding a server with the best ping for my region, I learned that players on the server are slaughtering the NPC's designed to function as the economy in the game. If they would make the NPC's unkillable it would be enjoyable to attempt to play again."
,Not Recommended,529180,33775601,Posted: 24 July,all,scragglygoat,Should have paid attention to the reviews.
,Not Recommended,529180,33957405,Posted: 1 August,all,Lunatitch,"Buggy as heck, copy/pasted most assets, UI and most importantly bugs from ARK.Would definitely recommend the other game, something something citadel, instead.Servers are extremely laggy up to the point that you can't hit anything in melee, mobs seem unresponsive."
76561198051820149,Not Recommended,529180,33949218,Posted: 1 August,all,Spectre_06,"Understanding it's been out for about a week, my first impressions are the following: mostly negative.Loading into the game takes about ten minutes (my quickest was 5:30), which is absurdly long, and the company acknowledges this.  Nevertheless, it's a serious factor for me, as I have no intention of streaming a game that takes that long to load.  Couple that with two graphics driver crashes, and the flickering title screen while loading, and that pushes me to say 'no' to this game.Character creation was a joke.  Nope, can't see your character!Quests are not intuitive, and the tutorial is vague.  For example, to level up ""Melee Crafting"" to make your axe, you actually have to punch plants to collect stone until it levels, despite it saying you need to collect stone from boulders.Creatures randomly appear in towns, leading to certain death randomly.Sound is independent of the Master Volume slider.Overall, negative review, I wouldn't recommend this.  I've requested a refund."
76561198031794528,Not Recommended,529180,33942486,Posted: 31 July,all,Theholyevil,"So another early access that is highly rated, let's begin....TL:DR If you want a finished game that is in a playable state don't buy this. If you want a game that based on mechanics and you are willing to let it simmer for a few months, this could be a good investment.First and formost, the game is beautiful, the cities are vast and truely captures each race's ""theme."" The world is huge with a lot of space to do what you want. Though they are ghost towns with dead bodies scattered everywhere. It is quite a sight to log in hopping to have a good time and greeted to.... that....The gameplay is different but similar to ARK, it would not suprise me if the same creators of the game were associated with it in same way. The only new things you will run into are ""spells"" which you level up by gathering materials.Ex: gatering fruits increases water magic, gathering stone increases fire magic.The game is NOT optimised as of now, while beautiful, you will get 30 fps on medium settings with a GTX 1070. Lag spikes are everywhere, enemies are skipping across terrain. It is the one thing that just bothered me too much to play any further.I really wish there was a ""neatural"" rating because I feel this game deserves it. It is not a terrible game, but I imagine another year or two it will be a great addition to my collection. However, it is not ready, and it's pros shine as much as it's cons."
76561198053784780,Not Recommended,529180,34050915,Posted: 5 August,all,gow117,♥♥♥♥♥on a stick with some duck tape
,Not Recommended,529180,34513650,Posted: 26 August,all,yes,Nah.
76561198052261293,Not Recommended,529180,34358089,Posted: 19 August,all,conneratkinson,First off i have a built pc 32 gigs of ram and a 10 core processor and 2 1080 grapics cards but this game is so choppy i cant play it. I was so excited to play this game after watching it streamed i will re buy when they put out a product that plays
76561198104539250,Recommended,529180,33934805,Posted: 31 July,all,Snow,Love it!!!!
76561197970838694,Not Recommended,529180,33682393,Posted: 20 July,all,Slightlymad,"This is nothing like screenshots or videos . Terrible UI , looks too cartoon like . Hunger goes down per second 100 seconds and you starve .I cant see this getting better games have to get it right at launch then maintain population this has flopped"
,Not Recommended,529180,33680036,Posted: 20 July,all,Nasir,Stay away unless you want to experience ARK all over again with magic. Literally from the ground up.
,Not Recommended,529180,33699763,Posted: 21 July,all,Aven,"I can not recommend this game in its current state. Runs very poorly, 30 fps with a gtx 1080 and an i7 7700k on medium.Would love to see more from the game as it's being developed. Very cool concept and would seem like fun if it only ran better for me.Edit: Messed around with game more. It is fun, but it's just too early in development at the moment to really hook me. Even switching from medium settings to ultra (yes I did reset the game) did not change in performance at all."
,Not Recommended,529180,33715705,Posted: 22 July,all,FrenzyGr,clunky and boring
76561198044523149,Not Recommended,529180,33753900,Posted: 23 July,all,SpiderKraken,"ok here it is, mega excited for this game, bought it , installed it ....so far so good. started it and the first thing you get to see is an out of focus low res dragon splashscreen....ok EA i get it, not impressive but it is what it is for a menu screen.start to set up singleplayer game, takes 20 minutes to load, played 5 minutes then had to go out but my first impression is that even with everything turned up to epic it still looks out of focus, jittery animations at times and cant seem to decide if the quest i just completed to craft a sword was actually complete after 6 swords were crafted, again its EA so a little forgiveable, still had to go out so i shut down the game.fast forward to my evening thinking i can play and that the first loading screen is usually the long problematic one. 18  attempts to load the game, ran through a bunch of troubleshooting , tried a further 4 times and still just crashes, sometimes gives low memory warning. checked it as it loaded and its using 4gb of 16gb ram, my system uses less than 4gb to run so out of 12gb its apparently running out and shuts down.      this is not always the reason it crashed either, sometimes it would just shut off.great idea i suppose but considering this company has access to all the materials and knowledge that went into Ark (which i bought straight away and have not to far off of 1000 hours playtime in and also never ran this badly)i would have expected more consitency to be honest. not fit for sale as far as im concerned and has become the very first game in the  YEARS ive been on steam that ive requested a refund for."
,Not Recommended,529180,33958527,Posted: 1 August,all,Sique,This is probably the worst survival game available as of today. It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reskin of Ark: Survival Evolved. I suggest playing that game (even though I'm not terribly fond of it) if you want something similar to this.
76561198083681000,Not Recommended,529180,33843129,Posted: 27 July,all,Cortalus,"Just download some magic and fantasy creature mods on ark and you'll save $30, a bunch of sound effects are ripped straight from Ark and it's just snail games trying to get more money for nearly the same game. Would have played more in order to have a more thorough review but I didn't want to go over 2 hours in case I wanted to get a refund (which I do.) Game was rushed out in order to compete with Citadel and it's evident in the gameplay and sounds. End game has been switched from guns to over powered magic (I know this from watching multiple videos and livestreams.) Only thing that I give this game props on is how you knock out creatures but after that you're just playing Ark again. Also official servers are as bad if not worse than Arks (which is saying something.)"
76561198042125726,Not Recommended,529180,33794307,Posted: 25 July,all,Hiero,"Lacks content, unbalanced, missions are bugged, and its near impossible to leave the city without getting murdered by animals or monsters. Wait a few months and try again."
76561198011131258,Not Recommended,529180,33766205,Posted: 24 July,all,Hydro,"This game is unplayable in its state. Loading screen freezing  and glitching for 5 min before you are allowed to play the game.The copy/paste from Ark is also really obvious and is really sad since the game doesn't run as well as Ark itself.Maybe instead of just copying the game, they should have taken the polish of Ark instead of the rest.Really bad game in its state and i wouldn't recommand it to anyone"
,Not Recommended,529180,34133847,Posted: 9 August,all,Ben,"This is just a buggy, unfun mess. Avoid."
,Not Recommended,529180,33853565,Posted: 28 July,all,chemikilljunky,If you like wak-a-mole? Then you will love this. The grind is really in this game. Not the good grind the horrible grind. Might have to come back to this game later on:-)
76561198280434427,Not Recommended,529180,33788433,Posted: 25 July,all,MoJeanz,i just bought the game and i get stuck at the what like 5th task earn 100 gold. you can earn all the gold you want but the task just won't complete so the game is basically unplayable fix this please or just give me my money back
,Not Recommended,529180,33765688,Posted: 24 July,all,Ivy,Welcome to Ark with even worse fps and more bugs!Early access galore this game is!
,Recommended,529180,33896868,Posted: 29 July,all,my life is potato,Taiwan number 1!China number 2!
,Not Recommended,529180,33748713,Posted: 23 July,all,Elf,"i bought it to give it a try, and couldn't even get into a single player game, let alone a server. Game literally takes things from ARK including irrigation, taming, Ui and many other things. Wait for this game to become it's own game, because this is just a reskinned ARK."
76561197979532141,Recommended,529180,34678710,Posted: 2 September,all,Squanto's Poon,This game is amazing. Ignore the negative reviews. The glitches are around yes but it's gonna be awesome. Buy it and play with me all my friends died.
,Not Recommended,529180,33682509,Posted: 20 July,all,:ZeroInterface:,The Graphics DO NOT match Advertisement!Low FPS.No Tutorial.There is more Dark Than Light about this game!2/10
76561197962568973,Not Recommended,529180,34132690,Posted: 9 August,all,iXXeon,"I got this game on the belief it was the new Ark Survival, but this is far far away from being anywhere near close to Ark. The graphics are shocklingly poor, and there are so many annimation glitches and graphical bugs its not funny. This game was simply not ready for even early access. Luckily i only played for 1hr, so got a refund.I recommend you leave this alone for at least 6 months, while the devs add some seriously needed inmprovements."
,Not Recommended,529180,33969797,Posted: 2 August,all,Tomodachi,"Niestety po kupieniu tej gry nadal nie jestem w stanie w nią zagrać. Zawiesza się na ekranie ładowania, a  w momencie kiedy próbuję wejść na serwer traci połączenie z hostem. Żałosne jest wypuszczanie takiego gniota.Unfortunately after buying this game still I can't play it. Game is lags on the loading sreen, and when I try to get on the server - games lose conection with host. Phatetic is relase rubbish like this."
76561198145540679,Not Recommended,529180,33894188,Posted: 29 July,all,H                              J,"if lil pump was a game, it would be this"
76561198352498073,Not Recommended,529180,33742665,Posted: 23 July,all,Saiyanxian,涉嫌虚假宣传。Alleged false propaganda.
76561198126549716,Not Recommended,529180,34117309,Posted: 8 August,all,Skjalgrim,"im just gonna say game needs work. no optimization and so much rubber banding needed and needs better connection holding for official servers and region locking, keep the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ chinese out of us servers and region lock that♥♥♥♥♥♥ just non stop dead npcs in starting race towns and annoying chink language"
,Not Recommended,529180,34268114,Posted: 15 August,all,Zyn,"I've seen cars with dead batteries run better than this game.  Its poorly optimized,  has visual stutters and in general is just a broken mess at its current state."
,Recommended,529180,33683355,Posted: 20 July,all,Jarule,I have 4+ hours and i really like this game. Yes its very similar to ARK but what did you expect?I like the game so far and it gets better and better with levels..PS; Those negative reviews didnt made it past lvl 4 .
76561197998953271,Not Recommended,529180,33883791,Posted: 29 July,all,SilentBob86,"Would love to give it a thumbs up, but even with everything set to low, i cant get past the second loading screen....you know, the one that comes immediately after the 5 minute one..... My PC well exceeds the minumum requirments and is only shy of the rec. req. by .3ghz on the processor and 8gb of ram.... Im gonna keep the game and wait it out though, i can only hope it gets optimized before i my ability to refund goes away lol"
,Not Recommended,529180,34342537,Posted: 18 August,all,bonomono,"This game was worst game I have ever played. I play alot of games and usually even though the game could be bad? I still give it a shot and play as much as I can to find the meaning of it. But this game does not have any meaning!!! I spend $30 for this?! I want my money back really bad because there is no meaning of giving another chance to this game. Too much bugs and too much dead bodies and don't understand this game. I see that it said its Early access game but if this game is going to be like this after early access then I am so sorry for those who will buy this game. My advice, try only an hour so you can request for refund."
,Not Recommended,529180,33735703,Posted: 22 July,all,DI-Snapdragon30,I can't seem to get into the game. I get stuck at the loading screen after choosing a server....
76561197992949869,Not Recommended,529180,33725014,Posted: 22 July,all,Corsiker,"There are so many bugs with this game at the moment, it might be best to wait a few weeks until they have figured out how to make it more stable and contain alot less glitches. I think that it will be a great game when it is up and running, but seems they have launched it to early and it just isnt right."
76561198212634020,Not Recommended,529180,33911457,Posted: 30 July,all,M7MD-503,bad game and needs time 2 be good i hope
76561198194723793,Not Recommended,529180,34171691,Posted: 11 August,all,CrappyAndy CSGOatse.com,my game all time crash
,Not Recommended,529180,33771516,Posted: 24 July,all,b0st0n,♥♥♥♥ Camp Spawn And Kill You!
76561197989790112,Not Recommended,529180,34052250,Posted: 5 August,all,Nakkas,"How do I get my money back for this game?Load screen takes forever.  Game often crashes before actually getting into the world.  It's fun when it works, but it doesn't work nearly often enough."
76561198136137754,Not Recommended,529180,33897231,Posted: 29 July,all,Clam,"game is 3buggy5me, good concept though so i'll give it a month or so, but for now, thumbs down"
,Not Recommended,529180,33900098,Posted: 30 July,all,Ac1d,"At current state game is not worth it, will see if future updates improve core mechanics."
,Not Recommended,529180,33694729,Posted: 21 July,all,Vais,"So I've played this game for 3 hours and 20 minutes with my bf.It was quite enjoyable, albeit still very raw and well, as EA goes, I felt that I paid too much for the playability I received. The frame rate drops, the laggy, buggy quests, the lvl 88 enemies in the beginner area and the awful targeting system.. Lack of any explanations and huge workarounds necessary to run the game co-op, not to mention that the ""single player"" option is still mysteriously missing.Well, besides all of that, after exactly three hours the game just crashed once and since then wouldn't even let me open it besides a black screen. I tried what I could but there is only that much effort I'm ready to put into an EA game. My rig runs any proper new games on ultra without breaking a sweat.We both of course decided to refund the game, with the exactly same playtime. Handed in our refund requests literally on the minute.Guess what? BF got his refund, I got the usual ""your playtime exceeded two hours"" mail. Thank you, Steam. I will avoid purchases with the platform in general from now on and I highly recommend you all to never get a game here unless the reviews are overwhelmingly positive."
,Not Recommended,529180,33679422,Posted: 20 July,all,Frank Costanza's Lawyer,"I was really excited for this game. And if you're really excited for this game, im sorry to disappoint, but it looks nothing like it does in the trailers. It took me 15 minutes to load into the game, I made my character, only to find out that the game looks like utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ Now, this normally doesn't bother me too much. But its nothing like the trailer, and my graphics were on high. The HUD wasn't on my screen properly, so I tried to adjust the resolution. Then, the game crashed. Spent the rest of my in game time staring at the loading screen, until I decided ""Wait, steam gives refunds!"" and I promptly refunded. Don't waste your money."
76561197972568659,Not Recommended,529180,33726052,Posted: 22 July,all,sweetie,"Give this one sometime to work out its issues.   I played the game today for abuout 2 hours, got disconnected from the server, went back to it and character was gone...ouch.   Early Access and bugs... this soup still needs a little more cooking :)Might be good later.. keep it on your list to watch..."
76561198058923077,Not Recommended,529180,33699100,Posted: 21 July,all,Lil Tony,"The game seemed awesome and I still believe it will be in its release, but right now, the game is not optimized and the pvp is nonsensical.Me and 3 of my friends all bought the game with high hopes from how awesome it looks.The loading screen took 7 minutes to get in the game. When we got in the game we all experienced spiky frames. We turned down the settings all the away and that made it smoothly with random spikes.Right when we get out of the starter town, there's 5 random people just killing people. Some dude on a horse just kept running over me and that apparently did damage without me being able to do any back. That was irritating.Someone attacked a guard and it tried to fight them for a second and then it just went back to its post. The combative npcs are kinda terrible. Like the AI is just bad and animations don't really breathe or work well."
76561198179825219,Not Recommended,529180,33743533,Posted: 23 July,all,Sir Hig,"Okay, before anyone tells me this is early access. I know and set my expectations accordingly. Now with that said this game is horrible. It is not ready for early access. I truly wish I could get a refund. The videos above are misleading and the game play is atroucious. Stay away there are far better ways to spend your money and time."
76561198014357350,Not Recommended,529180,33679418,Posted: 20 July,all,AnzBozBel,Dont buy this game!!! I repeat dont buy this game!!!!UI = potatoeCrafting = complexed not funChat = Allways online when you dont need itGraphic = Like in playstation 3All around not a functional game!!!!!!If you didnt play Ark Survival dont play dont buy this game!Refound is a must
76561197961886975,Not Recommended,529180,33858289,Posted: 28 July,all,m0t0r,"Fantasy Copy of Ark. They took so much as ""insipration"" but missed out the good features e.g. inventory management, key bindings and shortcuts.As of now - meaning the current status of the game - it feels rushed and underdeveloped. lets see what it might become.They have a ""testgame"" and they release this while being a bad copy but didnt have the time to test it out further or develope it some more? sorry but this ""we need to make some money before ark is done and people are fed up with our pricing policy""♥♥♥♥♥♥is the cause for this review. may change if they bring out good patches and polish the game some more.Edit1: the quest system, the battle system and the landscape / choices of map design seem rushed and quite unfinished or thought through. they maybe were good in 2006, but not in 2017.Grafics are okayish, the frames are good, but loading in of things is.. well.. it can be improved.spawrates and spawndistribution, again, seems rushed an unbalanced.crafting/collecting, esp. on vanilla is far too grindy. this needs a lot of balance.some ideas are nice to look at, but game-design wise just dumb for example the magic map.or the magic itself, while its nice to have to ""repair"" your magic to balance it out, it would have made much more sense to unlock the spell and just have to incorporate it into a staff and repair the staff. now you have a magic stuff but you ""repair"" the spell itself? and the staff/magic switching is, again, rushed and not thought through.taming, while the idea of tethering to ""worn something out"" is nice, there is actually no thether in the beginning, it not even slows down whatever you tether. missed opportunity.this review is still a work in progress, but as of now, this doesnt seem like a well made and thought through game. more like a rushed idea put into an existing frame...and dont even get me started on ""lorefriendly"" or ""realistic"" (in a sense of magic) map design choices. railings over lavapits that are not even dwarfhip-high? lol... giant statues clipping into walls.. yeah.. even i made better maps in settler 3.."
76561198070832499,Recommended,529180,33684608,Posted: 20 July,all,SilentSays,very good game
,Not Recommended,529180,33950795,Posted: 1 August,all,Capt'n Henke,bigger price than FPS
76561198071929564,Not Recommended,529180,33698733,Posted: 21 July,all,▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀,Where is the Korean language?I'm very disappointed.
76561198053182444,Not Recommended,529180,33788017,Posted: 25 July,all,Probitas,"Don't bother. Game is over run with Chinese players ganking everyone. Or offline raiding. There are no guards anywhere to be seen. Can't sell a thing to NPCs if they aren't present. The vids do not show the game compared to the way it's actually running. Tried it out and the entire time no working towns. Gave the game plenty of time to have them reset or just make an appearance - NADA. Reminds me of hacked servers ala Lineage II - players turned off the guards or made it possible to kill them, took their OP armor and weapons, did the same with NPCs, sound familiar? Too familiar.It is worth mentioning this is the first game I've requested a refund for."
,Not Recommended,529180,33757087,Posted: 23 July,all,Brian,Could never get the game to work.  No support available.
,Not Recommended,529180,33931047,Posted: 31 July,all,ImB_Bobo,Impossible to play. The Desynch is unbelievable.
,Not Recommended,529180,34059476,Posted: 6 August,all,amanequessi,"Rename this game 'Frustration' !Built a house. Got attaqued by wraith. House destroyed. Died.Tried to tame a snag. Got attacked by goblins, then by barghest, then by unkillable squeleton.Ran to house. Got killed by panther just meters away from the door.Rage quit.Came back next day. no corpse. Lost everything.Uninstall."
,Not Recommended,529180,33946784,Posted: 1 August,all,Senjo,Horrible performance and server lag. Unplayable.
,Not Recommended,529180,33688881,Posted: 20 July,all,Morbid Fable,"This game doesn't even ♥♥♥♥ing run.I've getting 5FPS on a rig that should be able to run it at lowest settings.Its like no one play tested this thing at all.Terrible launch, servers getting wiped, shut down and more.I hate Chinese dev teams, but this is a new level of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. If it isn't playable don't release it until it is."
76561198180780854,Not Recommended,529180,33848633,Posted: 27 July,all,Mjay_brooks55,for being in the making since 2006 there sure is alot of different things that should of been created . i hope i didnt throw money into this empty game
76561197989741355,Not Recommended,529180,33772228,Posted: 24 July,all,WASP,Citadel:Forged with fire is waaaay better than this Ark knockoff I refunded this and played citadel beta and I was honestly amazed at how fun the game was. If I were you I'd do the same thing I did and refund this recycled Ark garbage and save you money for citadel wich is going to be $25 and is a way better game.
76561198134108704,Not Recommended,529180,33895904,Posted: 29 July,all,mmo4life22,"This is not a playable game.  I could not create a private game.  Completely confusing.  I tried going on an official server.  Extreme lag.  Just plain unplayable.  I waited several days to no avail.  I was so hyped for this game too.I never even heard of Citadel Forged with Fire and end up taking my refend from D&L and buying that instead.  WoW!!!! Citadel Forged is a blast!  It is a much more polished game.  You can easily create a private server.  The only area that is lacking is 3rd person view.  However, the devs said they are working on fleshing it out.  It is in the game, it just is a bit wonky right now."
76561198113374643,Not Recommended,529180,33744903,Posted: 23 July,all,Dick Dangle,not finished enough to be playable. terrible fps
76561198042485506,Not Recommended,529180,34257233,Posted: 15 August,all,angrycat,"Took 20 minutes to load, the graphics on the character creation screen were awful, then crashed trying to get it to load after that. No thanks. Especially for a paid game."
,Not Recommended,529180,33951019,Posted: 1 August,all,twitch.tv/supparider,the inagame graphics and rendering same like ARK which I hate so much. stay away from this game! just get Citadel: Forged with Fire
76561198102417735,Not Recommended,529180,33891130,Posted: 29 July,all,derStark,borderline unplayable
,Not Recommended,529180,33733930,Posted: 22 July,all,zaxx99,"The game is very similar to ARK. So not seems alright, My biggest problem is the loading time. It takes like 10 mins tp log in to the game. I will not keep playing it if that does not improve."
,Not Recommended,529180,33680053,Posted: 20 July,all,TyChaney,"This game is not what they showed in the pictures and gameplay. It is Ark's and ESO's bad step child. I wouldn't pay $5 for this game.  Poorly optimized, I know its ""Early Access"" but Jesus you need to actually make sure the game works. Sorry to everyone who paid for this game."
76561198289251743,Not Recommended,529180,33870864,Posted: 28 July,all,reitran91,"The game is not good as I thought and disappointed. There are no NPC, no intruction, weird people in the chat and my screen solution just streching out (even I put in epic solution). I paid 30$ and it lead me to many disappointed. :( Too bad the trailer image look better in the game."
76561198082281177,Not Recommended,529180,33813503,Posted: 26 July,all,Fojaxx,"great game over all with alot of potential, and alot of realy cool fetures. however i would not recommend this game to anyone because all you do is die. over and over and over again. and the second you try figure out a way not to die, then you die twice as hard and as quickly.seriously, you guyts need to dumb down the ammount of agressive animals, and their agro range but about 100% and nerf goblins hard. they are op ashell right now.as it is, the game is very close to unplayable, unless you like dieing repeatedly."
76561197995041017,Not Recommended,529180,33707816,Posted: 21 July,all,Lucky,GAME LOOKS AMAZING IN STEAM VIDEOS NOT IN GAME LOL!. Looks like♥♥♥♥♥textures are blurry not polished and im running two 1080s. the character creation screen is like Ark lol u have to punch things to get resourses wtf do that in real life see what happens. it onlt took 30min for me to realise its a ark clone and ark also sucks
76561197990524219,Not Recommended,529180,34400242,Posted: 21 August,all,SAGE,Broken Game
76561197999402077,Not Recommended,529180,33761130,Posted: 24 July,all,Arndell,"The loading screen takes 10-15 minutes to join a server (no hyperboly whatsoever, it really takes that long)Then when the loading bar reaches 100% I got an instant display driver crash.There are only 3 EU PvE servers and all of them have <20 people on them.I assume this is because most people can't run the game.If it's like Ark, which it looks like a reskin of, it is probably quite fun, but right now, it probably won't work for many people.Demo it for 2 hours, but try not to use all 120 minutes trying to join a server 8 times."
76561198061714203,Not Recommended,529180,33788112,Posted: 25 July,all,Nonlethalhitman,It enjoyed the game the one time i could actually get it to load.
,Not Recommended,529180,33753999,Posted: 23 July,all,Entar,"It is Ark (Literally - same company / engine / game systems) without the optimization in a fantasy world of Dwarfs, Elfs and Humans with a skyrim-style skill system in place of the engram system. You learn new schematics by leveling up the various skill trees such as melee, magic, survival,  building, etc.. and automatically learn new schematics at various skill levels.  This is a better system than what Ark has in my opinion.Plays a little poorly at the moment and my FPS is pretty terrible on a GTX 1080 compared to Ark.  There isn't much here at the moment, everything is just Ark re-skinned.  The fantasy enviornment does appeal to me a lot more than Ark's late-game sci-fi garbage,  but I don't see much meat on the bones at this time here with Dark & Light.If you never played Ark I'm sure this game will seem quite good to you and easily worth $25.  Personally, I've requested a refund for now."
76561197975656577,Not Recommended,529180,33928752,Posted: 31 July,all,Brutul,"I know people hate seeing negative reviews because it's an early access game and people are complaining about performance, but I would actually love to be complaining about performance cause that would mean I have actually PLAYED THE GAME.This is THE WORST early access launch I have been apart of. Can't even load into the game."
76561198199909270,Not Recommended,529180,33810121,Posted: 26 July,all,poo stick,cant Play crashes every time
,Not Recommended,529180,33888691,Posted: 29 July,all,Ready2Riot#2209,"Man I was so hyped when seeing the trailers a few months ago.But it ran poorly, and getting into a game took me atleast 15 minutes.You get a real ARK vibe from the game mechanisms, so the fresh feeling of a new game was instantly gone.Character interactions(picking things up, fighting mobs) felt like a downgrade compare to ARK.You pick everything up by just smashing it with your hands, mobs dont show a reaction after being hit.I took a moment to think, if I really wanted another ARK-like game.In the end I just decided to refund it."
,Not Recommended,529180,33682491,Posted: 20 July,all,[ѢG4Ѱ] ChileNet,"ARK lite w/minor spellcrafting mod.not much more to say than that. game could get better, or the swarm of EA negative reviews may permanently ♥♥♥♥ it. we will see."
,Not Recommended,529180,33712692,Posted: 21 July,all,MadArkael,"This literally, from the engine to the UI, is Ark. If that's going to make you upset, don't buy it. I recommend waiting for it to claim its own identity."
,Recommended,529180,33683636,Posted: 20 July,all,Cmdr Gary Brain,Early days and has potential
,Not Recommended,529180,33849518,Posted: 27 July,all,Sepholophoid,"Its early access...so I'll try to be gentle...nah.10 minute - 1 hour long load times.character creation is hilariously disproportionate. (funny yet infuriating to me.)Sky glitch that cannot be fixed by any means so far. (tried everything I swear.)Looks nothing like the trailers/screenshots.Creature population density (at least what I saw) is like every animal was a blade of grass. (too many in one place)In short, I loathe this game."
,Not Recommended,529180,33721294,Posted: 22 July,all,Kafes,Badly optimized/ not optimized just like Ark. If you have AMD graphics card do not even try to play this game. Its only for NVIDIA cards and even for low graphic options you need a very beast computer.
76561198119698526,Not Recommended,529180,33703740,Posted: 21 July,all,Osukah,"was really excited to play the game, bought it last night... cant load any server just a dumb dragon flying on screen for hoursif this is the game not impressed.."
,Not Recommended,529180,33880849,Posted: 29 July,all,trappah,"WOW!! Is this thing broken!! I have 120 min on record, but about 110 of that is watching load screens. When you get in the lag is a joke. I guess ""Early Release"" means it's OK to put out a broken product. Really bummed I spent money on this POS..."
,Not Recommended,529180,33919215,Posted: 30 July,all,Wafflestein,"it is astounding how poorly all the little things work. Hit boxes and hit detection are terrible, flying mounts pop up through the ceiling and the framerate is terrible. If they can get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and make this game actually playable it might be worth it but right now it's just a buggy mess that needs more work"
,Not Recommended,529180,33703194,Posted: 21 July,all,ReignDarkness,"I have never heard of this game before until a friend of mine told me literally yesterday, Claimed it was Ark Survival Evolved mixed with Skyrim.He showed me a video trailer and it looked epic, runs buttery smooth. Once i got my hands on it however it just felt and ran like a generic survival game, go awful in every aspect. No wonder its early access and i never heard of it before.My first experiance was trying to join the game with the lowest ping, 10 MINUTES! later i joined a game only to spend 30 seconds running at 1 fps before hard crashing, good game. I tried again shortly afterwards and tweaking the settings. And it ran! I could go outside and begin my adventure.... before being blinded by lights in the sky from all angles...... why is this a thing! I cant see!? Everywhere i look is a blinding light in the sky. So i tweaked settings again and this time everything is on max, no excuses, aside from some jittering now and then it ran ok but the blinding light is still an issue.In my travels i noticed a few things, Apples give less food then berries which can be harvested massivly and easily... Cooked meat being the best. The lag is terrible, when you attack something regardless of what it is, a box, a sheep, a pig, a player, your nan. It's just so delayed by atleast 3 SECONDS!? pile that onto the bad gameplay, jittering and prepare for a headache more then anything. After completing my harvesting missions it wanted me to return to town.... guess what, no map (atleast from what i could find) so i was screwed, i eventually returned to town by dying to some giant boars.... why not have the town missions before the going out into the wild and getting lost?Players airnt that nasty from what i can tell, i actually wanted to fight people cause of how boring the game was and felt. So i walked to someone and promptly put my sword up his bum, congrats i won and got some good stuff off him too. But after that no one decided to fight me, they just see me and walk off? I want a fight dammit make me feel like im in danger not cuddles wars 2017, its probably because they know if i run away they'll never hit me, they can hit me and my body will act like i was hit but it wont register damage.I'd explain more but at the end of the day it's sooo.... lame, lacking and just♥♥♥♥♥♥... IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE TRAILER! that is false advertisement. Maybe just like ark it'll get better one day, but today is not that day.Also they take assets from ark and place in here, i dont care what the excuse is that's lazy. If you're gunna steal something atleast throw a wilhelm scream in there, then i can have some fun when i walk off the cliff cause the horizon blinded me.This game also gave me headaches... ME!? I can play games none stop for 12+ hours and not feel anything, i play this for less then an hour and i have one....it's just.... everything sucks about it. It has potential but i'll be damned if it comes anywhere near as good as ark or skyrim respectivly.Don't waste your time or money, i refunded this game shortly afterwards. I'd rather play Gentital Jousting because then I know when Im being ♥♥♥♥ed over."
,Not Recommended,529180,33835679,Posted: 27 July,all,Salty Bulldog,Good idea in principal. Overall though:1. The graphics are poor when compared to games like ARK or even Conan Exiles.2. Stuck in 3rd person view all the time doesn't feel right for a game like this.3. The cities are filled with passed out bodies...breaks your immersion immediately.4. Optimization is crappy (running on a gtx 1080)5. Vendors crash your game.6. Devs bring servers down randomly and withou warning.Don't bother right now. Plenty of better games out there for the money.
76561198084717884,Not Recommended,529180,33734793,Posted: 22 July,all,Moose,This game crashes everytime I try to load...
76561198111074702,Recommended,529180,33737178,Posted: 22 July,all,KOBKED-X,*RESERVED*I will edit this in to a proper review after i log some hours.
76561198014651777,Not Recommended,529180,33898573,Posted: 30 July,all,",,!,(-_-),!,,","poopy ark reskinned, and clunkier"
,Not Recommended,529180,33760388,Posted: 24 July,all,BitLife,"DARK AND LIGHT LOADINGI got to see some menus, and then the actual game wouldn't load."
,Not Recommended,529180,33780568,Posted: 24 July,all,LeFrenchie,"can i have my money back ?>..♥♥♥♥♥♥on this game. the server i was playing had this group of players that has cheated /glitched or hacked i supose us knight-36  sent vidoes to the devs nothing hapens.. even when i was speaking with a dev directly and sent him the video, he never did nothing, spent the whole of 300 hours building a gigantic house and it got destroyed to nothing in about 10 seconds. ppl say go to private servers,  but what is official server for ?all in all.. it was a great game but the developers dont  punish cheats/hacks/glitchers. i regret buying and puting time in this game."
76561198237194108,Not Recommended,529180,33916384,Posted: 30 July,all,duy408,Don't waste your time this game.  To start out with it got some kind of loading bug only load 20% of the time and that is after long stalling.  If you do make it into the game the game is new it got little to no player.  Also it doesn't have any NPC because some one killed all the NPC.  Not sure what is the respawn time of those NPC but every time I log into this one server THe NPC are no where to be found.  The quest of this game is best guessing game poor introduction to the game.  No walkthough.  No what so ever.  Don't waste your money and time.  Try another game.
76561198256889171,Not Recommended,529180,33947322,Posted: 1 August,all,Pav Lova ◬,Will buy when game is more polished for now thumbs down
,Not Recommended,529180,33791793,Posted: 25 July,all,Tutturuu~,infinite loading screen :v
76561198004630027,Recommended,529180,33798033,Posted: 25 July,all,MalusVex,Medievil Fantasy Ark enough said 10/10Come Watch My Streamhttps://www.twitch.tv/le_vampire_lastat/Soon to behttps://www.twitch.tv/MalusVexAs my Son Changed My Name
,Not Recommended,529180,33895588,Posted: 29 July,all,Jojocallisto,This game DOES NOT WORK and they dont even answer refund requests . do not buy it it was such a waste.
76561198197100038,Not Recommended,529180,34777322,Posted: 6 September,all,DutchMaster91,allways black screen when going on to server and still buggy sometimes says no sessions
76561198139901845,Not Recommended,529180,33701723,Posted: 21 July,all,IAM,I didnt reccomend itthe graphic optimization is awfull the game trailer is 100% diffrentthe graphic optimization result in medium and low is only gave me 10 fps in single playeri always play high end game like dying light in high with 50 fpsbut this game only gave me 10 fps in low modeeven though the graphic look like world of warcraft even WOW is still better graphic than this game in low i keep playing it bcs this game concept is just way too perfectso please def how can i enjoy this game with only 10 fpspls fix the fps issue thankkyou
76561198054771460,Not Recommended,529180,33971671,Posted: 2 August,all,Darth Moxy,Spent my majority of 31 mins played on the loading screen with the dragon flying to the desolated planet....would definitely not recommend this game.I have a GTX 1070 and playing ghost recon on high settings.....never even had an issue on ARK...This is insane...poor optimization.
76561198010216103,Not Recommended,529180,33702653,Posted: 21 July,all,MoistMaster,"Same old same old, just like ARK, you might say i'm to harsh on an early access title but in my opinion, if your charging money for it, then it's fair game, game testing should not be charged for, The fact that this game went early access just as ARK survival evolved came out only goes to show that it's a cash grab and this title deserves a 37% - Mostly negative review.I was completely unable to play it on my stationary PC since i have a Radeon graphics card in it... make that 2 radeon graphics cards, apparently radeon does not mix well with this game i dunno. I was able to play the game on my laptop however witch has a gtx 1080 in it and let me tell you, it's Ark survival evolved down to the bone, the only changes they've made is instead of it being set at a time period were dinosaurs roam they've set it in a middle ages setting with magic and dragons.Pros+If you liked ARK at launch then you'll probably like this game.+game looks decent on highest graphics+concept of ARK set in the midle ages with magic and such is a tempting idea.Cons-blatant copy caste of ARK-runs like complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ i might have said the game looks fairly good at highest graphics but you'll need atleast a gtx 1080 to run it half decent on highest settings and don't get me started on if you've got a Radeon graphics card and if you do, then don't even consider buying this game in it's current state.-buggs are constant and annoying, like quests not finishing or progressing, guards just stanting in town like decorations rather than help new players from getting spawn killed by high level players, and the occasional falling through the ground.-it's made by the same people who made ARK so we can expect atleast 2 years of development before we get a half decent stable build that does not lag or servers that don't crash or give you lag spikes. hell ARK doesn't even have that yet.all this in only 3 hours of playing the game... i'm going to continue playing the game and if my opinion changes on any of these topics then ill be back to change the review.Don't buy the game as is right now i wish i didn't, you'll get no enjoyment out of it in it's current state, don't let these people and their blatent cash grab early access BS get you!"
76561198030446181,Not Recommended,529180,33782865,Posted: 25 July,all,Arnmazing,"First of all it's unplayable I have a 3 way sli GTX 980 system with i7 6700k that I built 2 years a go and I can barely run the game.  I thought it was because of the sli, so I disabled it and nothing changed,  updated my drivers, set 3D settings to prioritize performance over quality and still the same.  If you want to play the game you'll have to play on 1260x780 or some low resolution . Refunded it cause Citadel forged with fire is coming out tonight/tomorrow 12 am.  Exact same game with better mechanics and performance.  Get that instead"
,Recommended,529180,33683491,Posted: 20 July,all,Bluxwave,"this game is good... but its super early days and kind of  barebone, devs say its only 30% doneSuper huge map thats not fully open yet... map is only 20% of the final size at the momentprogression and unlocking is the main questits ark 2a fair few Quality of life improvemnts with the UI and harvesting and shooting .... its alot smoother than ark, i would even go to say this is an improved ark and is betterGreat game.... it has its secrets like how to tame and craft thingssome of the PvE is challenging and its a nice pace leveling..... im 15 now 10h playedi have full graphics going, only animation bugs there. Getting smooth FPSlooking forward to some of the hit detection to be sorted so I can spend more time in it and help fix a few bugs with the community going forwardpeople with poor performance often cant run a PC properly"
76561198124741888,Not Recommended,529180,33681292,Posted: 20 July,all,arcapello,I'll come back when I can get past the loading screen. The singleplayer one by the way.
76561198363923848,Not Recommended,529180,33681280,Posted: 20 July,all,Afimt,Вернул деньги
,Not Recommended,529180,34724856,Posted: 3 September,all,LinkLeroux,Specs(Graphic Card) 1050 TI(Proccesor) Amd FX 43008 Rams GBAnd what do I get 20 frames on lowest graphics this game need some optimizing!!!!!!Reeeeeeeeeeeeefund!!!!!!!!
76561198028192989,Not Recommended,529180,33694630,Posted: 21 July,all,Old Mc D,If you cant even adress a libary with names for ingameitems - for almoust ALL INGAMEITEMS - than its not early access its utterly crap. Im not even thinking of the rest that is broken. Like H1Z1 on the first weeks and months. no thx.-->> Refunded. End of story with that.
76561198039900414,Not Recommended,529180,33944655,Posted: 1 August,all,Muhi,Gaming rig:Epic graphics - 15 FPsMedium -  15 FPSLow  - 15 FPS1h gamplay - refoundThank You
76561198046558854,Recommended,529180,33683601,Posted: 20 July,all,Dad,Right now this game isnt great but in the next year or so it could be worth the money.
76561198025785324,Not Recommended,529180,33793180,Posted: 25 July,all,My Little Omi,"On my high-end PC it took me 24 minutes to launch the game (launch+loading), and it crashed. Next time it took around 10 minutes to launch, and it gave me 5 fps.I dropped all setting to low, it gave me 25 fps, but game looks like first Uncharted in pre-alpha stage.Horrible, why release this crap?"
,Not Recommended,529180,33733529,Posted: 22 July,all,The Dark Horse,Loading times are awful. Stick with ARK skip this crap.
,Not Recommended,529180,33938442,Posted: 31 July,all,Roadhouse,Dog ♥♥♥♥
76561198152360372,Not Recommended,529180,33904513,Posted: 30 July,all,scotfusion,Game would not start. Hung up. 5000 mb process. Memory leak. Ill wait for sollution to the issue. I have a decent PC laptop.
76561198064227462,Not Recommended,529180,33902525,Posted: 30 July,all,细雨坠 AnenFairy 细雨坠,LOADING SIMULATOR 2017
76561198036975314,Not Recommended,529180,33681142,Posted: 20 July,all,Charlie-One,absoloutly aweful game. Can I get my money back?I spend more time downloading than playing.
76561198106116052,Not Recommended,529180,33719947,Posted: 22 July,all,aWhyWolf,At this stage this is barely a game. Its more like loading screen simulator. I could not even get onto a server or create my own local game.
,Not Recommended,529180,33682131,Posted: 20 July,all,Febfourteen,"so i haven't finished downloading but i already knew i would refund this game and drop a negative review. good job snail, at least u are making history----but they didnt let me lul, so i played couple mins now here u go"
76561197976935351,Not Recommended,529180,33819826,Posted: 26 July,all,Angeldina,No No and NO!Way not make it a dlc for ark XD
,Not Recommended,529180,33919433,Posted: 30 July,all,Taylor Swift's Tiny Butt,Do you like ARK? Do you like dragons? Well thyen go play ARK because this is just a reskined ARK game with a bad gimick attached.
,Not Recommended,529180,33679202,Posted: 20 July,all,lol1ta,"Played 30 minutes, 30 fps in low settings and minecraft graphics, ARK rip off, they even didn't bother to change UI. Citadel Forged with Fire scared you so you were forced to release your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unpolished cloned game before. You're pathetic.10/10 Best refund ever. Would refund again without hesitationP.S i think it needs dinosaurs, shame on you devs..."
,Not Recommended,529180,33947436,Posted: 1 August,all,Kitter,"Would be nice if it would actually open... or respond... or somethingEdit: Got it to open finally, character creation is iiinnnnnncredibly lacking, graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for the price of the game early access or not, 'tutorial' is buggy and very unclear (am so hoping theyre working on it didnt even work the first time i managed to get the game to open and then it didnt even save my first character). The fact that NPC's can be killed is annoying, as the entire time ive played theyve not respawned, or maybe there arent even any NPC's? No one knows. Attacking anything is buggy as well. Theres no map as far as i could find, skills or whatever arent explained at all, totally understand its a survival game but its a struggle to survive if you dont know what youre doing.I wouldnt recommend the game at all at the moment, i can just hope that the creators are aware of all of these issues and they get resolved.I want to also add like, look at how good black desert is and theyre only charging 10 dollars for it..."
,Not Recommended,529180,33757190,Posted: 23 July,all,PoofToHell,"Loading time soooooooo long, gtx 980 TI stutter on epic setting, Just wait for full release."
76561198037536715,Not Recommended,529180,33679237,Posted: 20 July,all,BadererThenYou,Wtf did i just play?
76561198038243860,Not Recommended,529180,34320211,Posted: 17 August,all,nitefrost,SUCKS.................
,Not Recommended,529180,33807471,Posted: 26 July,all,stumpynub,Chinese are at it again
76561198132739012,Not Recommended,529180,33733507,Posted: 22 July,all,Thor Gunderson,"No. Just like the game ARK. Glitchy, Frustrating, and refund incoming. Loved how they took it to another world like that of Skyrim, but can't even figure this game out and definately do not recommend it to anyone."
76561198041326959,Not Recommended,529180,33711694,Posted: 21 July,all,No Pantsu,"In its current form, it was released as a buggy, unfinished mess of a cash grab. ""It has potential"" is not an excuse."
,Not Recommended,529180,33782166,Posted: 25 July,all,Muthu,"Ark is better, and i really hate the fact the game is so un-developed but still managed to hit the Steam Stores."
,Not Recommended,529180,33722649,Posted: 22 July,all,Sherf,I have already refunded this game. They do not have a seperate appID for the dedicated servers (private servers) yet and it makes it difficult to run your own as of now. I will purchase again if they decide to do it right and release dedicated server tools. If not then I will move on.
,Not Recommended,529180,33681226,Posted: 20 July,all,GTOnizuka,This game is a big disappointment! How can a company developed such incompleted game and asked people pay to buy it? There are so many games 10 times better and free! Don't waste your time people! I have requested a refund!
,Not Recommended,529180,33732381,Posted: 22 July,all,RisingRedWolf,"This seems like a potentially great game that mixes ARK with a fantasy setting, but I cannot recommend as of right now due to not being able to run the game at a playable framerate.My video card is a GTX780ti and my processor is an i7 4770k.I am getting under 10fps on medium settings at 1080p, reducing the graphics to the lowest possible settings allows me to have a maximum of 30fps.This is what the game looks like when running at said lowest possible settings.https://steamuserimages-a.akamaihd.net/ugc/834707194694590351/80E385F3F7AA6D6B4A6B8ADA706C77668645BE04/I believe this issue will be fixed in time, but be careful if you plan on buying this game now."
,Not Recommended,529180,33745090,Posted: 23 July,all,-=]ES[=-Heavy D [BOoOM],"This game doesn't work when it does its very laggy and not 100% right, Very buggy not worth to play or buy ended up asking for money back"
,Not Recommended,529180,34696714,Posted: 2 September,all,Scooter Bob,yes? nono this game nono but yes maybe
,Not Recommended,529180,33696069,Posted: 21 July,all,{GBSI}One Punch Ace,"Nope... Can't do it! Can't even play the game, infinite loading screen, on all settings, all window types, and even on singleplayer. Fix it, I had high hopes, heading over to support for a refund right now."
76561198030770413,Not Recommended,529180,33745648,Posted: 23 July,all,Michelle,This will be a gold farmers paradise.
,Not Recommended,529180,33862797,Posted: 28 July,all,✪ Tio Isra,Don't Buy this game it runs♥♥♥♥♥♥Fps. Don't waste your $$
76561198171476889,Not Recommended,529180,33799633,Posted: 25 July,all,HellSmilez,Can i refound this game . Too many bugs . Got stuck in loading screen
,Not Recommended,529180,33843832,Posted: 27 July,all,Coffee Addicted,ATTENTION : THIS GAME IS=MADE IN CHINA !THE LOADING SIMULATOR game DEVELOPER TEAM would be surprised if they found out such game exist...!it's trash just like any other Chinese stuff
76561198033653859,Not Recommended,529180,33860841,Posted: 28 July,all,Mingmang,"Ugly, slow, lag, create new char, spawn, killed after 30 secondes by a level 10. Nice game !Urgent to wait, useless and unplayable currently"
,Not Recommended,529180,33741332,Posted: 23 July,all,KenXav,"Game currently is laggy AF, takes forever just to harvest things. This is worse than ARK when it started."
76561198386566379,Not Recommended,529180,33716825,Posted: 22 July,all,Rice dirty Gum,"Ark with Magic, this game has a lot of potential but at this rate is just too early to play"
76561198292049808,Not Recommended,529180,34771182,Posted: 6 September,all,BIGWAR65,Do not get it it is a  piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game that is broken
76561198043444419,Not Recommended,529180,33680121,Posted: 20 July,all,Guinea,:(
,Not Recommended,529180,33968127,Posted: 2 August,all,Moat,DONT BUY THIS GAME IT'S NOT WORTH THE MONEY. DONT BUY IT EVEN IF IT'S ON DISCOUNT. IT'S NOT OPTIMIZED. IT'S NOT EVEN A GAME.
,Not Recommended,529180,33838976,Posted: 27 July,all,Joejean (Qc),Abandonware...Every patch breaks something new...
76561198065750364,Not Recommended,529180,33709830,Posted: 21 July,all,MacaJuki,I didn't realize I was playing a new Ark DLC
,Not Recommended,529180,33713926,Posted: 21 July,all,MoistMonkey,"I tried it regardless of the negative reviews. Honestly, within the first seconds of gameplay I returned the game. Not recommended at all, unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,529180,33679101,Posted: 20 July,all,SmauG,"Really disappointing. It's ""just"" an ARK mod/skin. Same menu, same sounds, same gameplay... And by same i really mean same, not similar. If you liked ARK, you'll like this one. In any other case, skip it.EDIT:Honestly, i am pretty disappointed. I was following Citadel and i noticed D&L was being released on some days.It seemed great, i really enjoyed it previous version (200x?) and as it looked quite similar to was i was expecting from Citadel so i decided to give it a try.Some time ago i bought ARK. I played for some hours but i didn't liked it system, such a crappy way to earn resources, such a simplified crafting system, awful UI... I refunded it.Okay, so today i was pretty excited abou D&L release, i was refreshing it steam page every 30 min to see if it was already on sale. Bought it, downloaded it and started to play. Correct character customization, not fancy graphics but okay, it's an EA, decent performance... Got out of town and what a surprise, messages, UI, resource and crafting system... Everyting EXACTLY as it was on ARK. I felt totally disappointed. I tried to play a bit longer but after level 5 i quit.I really hope you guys can enjoy it. But isn't my kind of game. If you liked ARK you'll like this one, but if you didn't you'll hate it. Is that simple, this game totally looks like a customization of ARK."
,Not Recommended,529180,33866890,Posted: 28 July,all,Limey21,10 min loading time....
76561198027247254,Not Recommended,529180,33703918,Posted: 21 July,all,TT Top,Game ran like trash 40 minutes later...yea refunded will try citadel.
,Not Recommended,529180,33947656,Posted: 1 August,all,labtob,games should be fun.
76561198220266995,Not Recommended,529180,33933694,Posted: 31 July,all,I Love Cats,I could really care less if this is early or not. Very very very unstable. Stay away.
,Not Recommended,529180,33851266,Posted: 28 July,all,CouchSniffer,"Terrible! Waste of money even for early access.EDIT: To that one guy who commented.No, the statement isnt wrong. The game is Early access sure, but it is literally unplayable. The lag is terrible, the performence on my 1080 isnt enough. Buy yourselves Citadel instead, its a better game and it works. It is not a copy of ARK either, get a new UI!"
76561197965316549,Not Recommended,529180,33725694,Posted: 22 July,all,So Awesome,"Refunded!Poorly optimized, as others have said, this should not be out in this state, even for an Alpha."
76561198097428216,Not Recommended,529180,33703439,Posted: 21 July,all,gigan,"Worst early access game of the year!! I always believe that if you start out♥♥♥♥♥♥ you will always end up♥♥♥♥♥♥Wait for over 30mins for game to connect. Servers were so laggy. Graphic was so crap, cant believe this game isdeveloped by Unreal Engine 4. In game plays were ok but very laggy and plently of bugs. Why pay money for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and buggy game. Definitely not worth playing."
76561198083017781,Not Recommended,529180,33802224,Posted: 25 July,all,Hydra97,IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY! EVEN WITH IT ON SALE NOT WORTH IT SAVE YOUR MONEY. MIX DARKSOULS O.P. CREATURES AND SURVIVAL WITH CONSTANT LEVELING UP THAT YOU CANT EVEN PLAY AT FIRST. WORST GAME EVER.
76561198047538440,Not Recommended,529180,33798147,Posted: 25 July,all,NoLuckJustSkill1ShotNoKill,It's not even in alpha version. It's probably just a guy in a basement working on this alone. It's not worthy of being called early access.
,Not Recommended,529180,33784556,Posted: 25 July,all,Prancing La-La Homo Man,It's not an MMOjust an Ark clone but with a better UI
76561198142433450,Not Recommended,529180,33896688,Posted: 29 July,all,BM10X,"No....NO! NO! NO! NO! NO!How!?  How can people find this game fun?Okay, I see the comparison to Ark Survival Evolved which was an equally terrible game.Plain and simple here is my review.Graphics were Okay, the sound was repetitive but some music and audio was alright.  The controls were great and the game actually played pretty smoothly.  The Opening Load screen sucks A#@ but other than that there aren't many load times.Overall, this game is poor.  It's an ARK rip off which I still for the life of me cannot figure out how anyone would want to copy that mess of a game.  These games take too long to get into and unless you have a camp full of buddies to play with, then spend your money elsewhere.  These games take several hunded hours to enjoy and there's just no way man...no way in heck I'm puttin that into a game anymore.Take your 30$ and get a good game, not this garbage.DELETE!"
76561197982345110,Not Recommended,529180,33741502,Posted: 23 July,all,Lioncash,"I have to be honest with my experience, fanboys probably aren't going to like it but it's a forewarning to anyone else thinking of buying this product.I have not been able to play this game since release, the most I've had out of it is 2 hours of play time, time of which has been almost unbareable.Currently the game won't even join servers and is having driver crashes constantly, really disappointed."
76561197967326907,Not Recommended,529180,33840789,Posted: 27 July,all,Anomynous,"Edit:- Theres no first person view. Absolute wasted game. Excuse is animations... I rather shoot a bow without seeing the bow from a first person perspective. Now you have to position yourself so you're toon is not blocking your sight to the target, while running among other positioning issues and aiming.- TERRIBLE lag random lag spikes. I run epic video settings at 40FPS but at some points in the game it drops to 1-7FPS. Horrible when taming...- At a certain point in game couldn't run anymore. Reconf run button, toggle run button, dropping ALL inventory and so on to no avail. When I equiped sword and swung it, it worked again :(- At a certain patch level my toon now ALWAYS turns to face a certain direction. So lets say I'm running south, I stop running, half a second later he turns around to face that particular direction. Really annoying when you try to harvest stuff- Good to see that there are is an alternative ARK but yet again the lack of content is compensated by GRIND and then you hit level 60 (unofficial dont know on official) and it's like game over, at least for me. What the hell guys.- Stupid things; like sheep dont make wool, oh no, they make ""fur"". Make a mythical peesh animal that makes fur or somthing.- Automation... nope forget it. They'll probably want some smart modder to do this.- Depth of game. This is related to the grind aspect. Why make it so flat. This game could easily get epic status if the depth of the game would be enhanced. Imagine if they would broaden the tools, materials, and increments of learning to use those new tools and materials. ""stone sword"", ""iron sword"" (maybe Mithril sword but haven't seen the engram at lvl 60), yet again you make those things without leather and in your inventory... Forge, anvil, hammer, tongs... Stone walls yeah, no need for cement? Well maybe i'm spoiled with modded minecraft, eve online,  ...It doesn't seem to me they want to make a game, they want to make money. They wont get tripple A from me if they continue like this. I personally think it's a waste of money. I have to put myself to it to play this game.For those who did not play ARK, this might be a thumbs up, but surely first check some vids if it appeals to you."
76561198008726971,Not Recommended,529180,33709494,Posted: 21 July,all,ผู้กองเฉิน,Believe me. It is just 10% of full game. The graphic is too bad even my setting is all EPIC. Only the environment is beautiful. The character is as bad as gameplay. I just asked for a refund recently.
,Not Recommended,529180,33679078,Posted: 20 July,all,Jericho Fort,"Is bad gaem lad. :PTL;DR It's basically Ark. Rip.The game has the same snags and flaws that ARK had around launch. Logging into servers and single player both took a while, about 6 minutes, to fully load into each. People in servers like to kill everything in their view right away. Singleplayer shouldn't take 6+ minutes to log into. The game is a little laggy, but it is EA so it's not the end of the world. But my main grievence with the game is how it looked to be something new, then ended up being an ARK clone."
,Not Recommended,529180,33751019,Posted: 23 July,all,MorpheuSandman,pIECE of♥♥♥♥♥
76561198037911460,Not Recommended,529180,33710391,Posted: 21 July,all,nimirra,"Was a game that looked like it might have been years old, i gave it 2 hours of my time and then asked for a refund."
,Not Recommended,529180,33798251,Posted: 25 July,all,Rinera,"Okay, let's launch the game! Oh hey the menu screen has some actual animation in the background, that's cute.Let's check the settings... aaand this is basically the same as in Ark... Oh well, maybe it's just more convenient like that. Change a few things... time to go in and play!Loading... Loading.. Flickering screen... loading. God dang it, it's like I have not installed it in an SSD. It even has the same bugs as Ark then. Perfect.After the sound the Apocalypse will make when Earth explodes plays on my headset, the character creation screen pops up. The character never stops moving so I am getting annoyed just creating it. Great start! But at least there's a few options. Somehow made a genetically mutated midget look like a real person again!Okay let's go! Ou I start in an actual settlement, that's unexpected. Let's see what the locals can say! And they say nothing... great. Okay let's find some tools so I can start my journey! This looks like a vendor, and I have no money and no items. Woopity doo.Cinematic 30 frames per second, always nice.All these static equipment on benches and I can't even steal it. Okay let's see how gathering works, out in the wild we gooooo! I need tools for rocks. Understandable. So to get tools I... punch... trees. OKAY HOLD THE PHONE. There's a freaking settlement that I started and they can't even spare some basic tools? WHY AM I PUNCHING TREES RIGHT NOW?!Close game, request refund.Long story short, this dev has no idea what they are doing, this could be classified as a cash grab, the game will never be good enough. Might as well play Ark of all things."
,Not Recommended,529180,33678906,Posted: 20 July,all,OPwand,"This game is ugly as♥♥♥♥♥♥at Maximum Settings (Epic). Sandbox RPG is a total scam, this is pretty much Conan Exiles with a bit more into RPG and Skills Building.Don't waste your $25 for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
,Not Recommended,529180,33777337,Posted: 24 July,all,Pyro!,One of the worst optimized games I've ever seen. 5-20 fps on a very high end PC. I'll change my review in the future once it's better. This was the first game I've ever refunded and I've purchased a lot of terrible games.
76561197967356286,Recommended,529180,33679108,Posted: 20 July,all,SavageCabbage,This is a hoot!
,Not Recommended,529180,33697990,Posted: 21 July,all,foobr,Totally ♥♥♥♥ed Up
,Recommended,529180,33678823,Posted: 20 July,all,Cryoplazma,Character customization allows you to make a dwarf.... 10/10!
,Not Recommended,529180,33864132,Posted: 28 July,all,Money Again,"Not fun, overly complex, terrible POV in third person, citadel much better"
76561198247666016,Not Recommended,529180,33695618,Posted: 21 July,all,laurelxue,Terrible. F**k U.
,Not Recommended,529180,33841440,Posted: 27 July,all,Kravchenko,Sorry just no
76561198027390024,Not Recommended,529180,33837989,Posted: 27 July,all,grmbga,"worst game this life has ever known, i should play ark"
,Not Recommended,529180,33678643,Posted: 20 July,all,derSanitöter,"If you lick two random stones, you will taste more difference than you find between ""ARK"" and ""Dark and Light"".And licking random stones from your backyard is cheaper!Save your money - lick a stone."
32165432165432165,Not Recommended,529180,34775830,Posted: 6 September,all,PanamaContact,bad bad bad
76561198258990951,Not Recommended,529180,33808828,Posted: 26 July,all,Holocaust101,this game is a joke dont get it
76561198053843870,Not Recommended,529180,33751681,Posted: 23 July,all,Tat2dSoldier32,"Buy it now and wait 2 years to even install it.. why? 1. it is made by the same ppl that make Ark. that means in 2 years when it's stable they will jack the price up 110% and release DLC before it's finished that you must purchase. 2.If you are lucky enough to get past the 23 hour loading screen then most likely it will crash and you will be back at the loading screen for another month. YAY! Early access, i just buy games so i can complain."
76561198033356228,Not Recommended,529180,33841953,Posted: 27 July,all,iTs M4rV1n,i havnt played the game but worst game ever!!!! fix the loading screen maybe my review will change!! for all other gamers DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
76561198062033992,Not Recommended,529180,33678466,Posted: 20 July,all,Parizel,"Pretty much ARK, Citadel looks and probably is better."
76561198132123418,Recommended,529180,33763540,Posted: 24 July,all,Swanndogg,Great game. Alot of kinks to work out though. Going to give it 6 months or so n come back for another round.
76561198042260035,Recommended,529180,33729003,Posted: 22 July,all,Zindani,A much better ARK with skills you need to actually work up even if it may just be grinding. Rather than spending points and knowing what you want right off the bat.
76561198203238650,Recommended,529180,33728460,Posted: 22 July,all,Emblemio,Well is a great game.....i have alot of funn in it.....after a few servers optimisations and after they fix the hit box and the harvesting will work how it should it will be a great game......they are a few bugs and some grafic probllems but is normal for an EA!
,Recommended,529180,33735122,Posted: 22 July,all,TeeJ,"Was skeptical at first of the game but decided to give it a try, totally glad I did!!! The game is EA which I think most people forget. So yes there is bugs, yes there is issues, but these things will get fixed over time just like Ark and Conan and every other EA game. Game has a good intro to showing how to use the things you need to survive and things to do around the area. Pretty decent size starting map with looks of possible expansions coming in the future. If you like survival games like Ark, Conan, or even Subsistence (another great EA survival game) I defiantly recommend it. If you don’t wanna deal with bugs, glitches, and fixes then I would hold off a bit and defiantly come back to this. The game has amazing potential and I am excited to see where it goes from here."
,Recommended,529180,33735209,Posted: 22 July,all,Ryan,This game is amazing for it being early access. Having spent playing 27hrs I can tell you its definetly worth every penny.Never listen to people with negative reviews on the game when they dont even have 20-30min on the game. They just bashing because many compare to ARK.
,Recommended,529180,33733752,Posted: 22 July,all,ShazMyBot,"TL;DR Snail Games bought a dead IP from 11 years ago, stuffed Ark inside its skin, and let it sit upright at the end of the bar while we all punch barrels for two hours because of the lag.Alright so, let's kick this off with an important piece of trivia: THIS IS NOT A NEW IP. Not really. I remember hearing about Dark and Light as far back as 2006 and it was ambitious for its time: a fantasy sandbox MMO. It had one TINY dilema though: it was a pile of hot garbage and I soon forgot it existed when bigger games came down the pipeline.Fast forward almost 11 years under a new developer, we now have the bare bones of of what is shaping up to be a solid Ark clone. That is also one of it's biggest criticisms though. It hasn't distanced itself from its big brother and it shows with both the UI, SFX, and the grinding (which has been dialed up it seems).Another big issue is that this game has garbage netcode I'm not running cutting edge hardware, but with a 6700k @ 4.7GHz and a 980Ti, I should at least be seeing higher numbers than 30fps. When you jump off the public servers though, it's a totally different experience. On a private server, the game runs as smooth as silk. On the public realms, you're lucky if you can break a barrel open before you die of lack of sleep. Barrels take 1-2 hits to break, by the by.Don't get me wrong, I still like this game. It has potential. I can look passed the bugged quests, the chugging framerate, and the headache inducing grind, but the hit detection and janky netcode is where I start banging on pots and pans like a six year old. If Snail Games is committed to having a successor to Ark, they need to fix the latency issues."
76561198027142262,Recommended,529180,33735425,Posted: 22 July,all,rokene,"For a 30% finished game it is super polished and has a lot of potential. For those who keep saying this is similar to ARK well they are probably using the same foundation for this game since they are both under the same company, but ARK felt so much less polished than this game. Everything in Dark and Light looks and feels good though there is room for improvement. Otherwise I would definitely recommend it to people who love sandbox games with great potential for a lot more."
,Recommended,529180,33734463,Posted: 22 July,all,Asdfklo,"I've never played ark. But I love this game with friends. It's relaxing, difficult, and fun. Yes, it's early access, and yes, it's not super optimized. I have a 980ti and I can run it on ultra from 30-50 fps. Loading times are really long. But this game is fun for what it is. I'd ignore the reviews that hate this game - as they almost turned me away from this game, but I have been playing it non stop since I got it. If you can set up a private server with friends, you are defs going to have a fun time. There is something for everyone - if they like a survival game. Give it a try, you can always refund it. :)"
,Recommended,529180,33734487,Posted: 22 July,all,Kelt,"To make a few things very clear: This is an early access game, expect all the usuall early access issues that normally occur.  Yes there needs to be a bunch of fixes, yes there is lag and bugs. This is expected and very common with most if not all EA games.So now that we have all that out of the say i gotta say with what the game currently has im really impressed.  With only 30% of the game being done and with the map with how big it is already, im expected a MASSIVE world in the end.Im running an i5 with 8 gigs of ram, 1050Ti, and a slow HD and the initial load time is long yes.  click join and go get a snack or something, but after that it seems that rejoining any game after that only takes a minuet or two. Im playing the game on high settings and getting 45-ish fps. The server im playing on helps, very little to no lag. (Iron Blood Gaming, unoffical if anyone wants to check it out)I have thousands of hours on Ark, Iv played Rust, (and legacy rust) and many others that may have a simular feel to this style of game.  with over 40 hours ingame time im really satisified with its initial launch and looking forward to the game smoothing out and the massive amount of content to come.  Best way to describ this is a taking Ark and Skyrim and mashing them together.  Skill and Talents are earned threw crafting and gathering and i get that sense of accomplishment .  Thats something Ark greatly lacks as you can power level to max and everything is available to you right away, that sense of RPG is a personal favorite about this game and i hope it stays.If you like Ark, skyrim, rust, even WoW then chances are you will enjoy this game and would highly recommend it to anything willing to give it a true test and being patient with the normal EA game issues."
,Recommended,529180,33734559,Posted: 22 July,all,Bagzee,"first of all, the reeks of early access so dont expect a complete gamesecond this game is from the makers of ark, so you know it will get betterhaving said that its a little like ark meets wow, only without the mindnumbing quest grinding, the graphics are really nice, and the crafting system is nicely fleshed out. theres currently 3 races to pick with their corrisponding start zones, however atm is only one start 'map'POINTERSthis game is early access by is from the makers of arkthis game will take an age to load when first joining the serverfor the smoothest play i suggest running the game at medium or low graphics for now, but even that is still very nicethere is taming but its looked behind lvls and tech, i took my time playing and have just gotten to it at lvl 10bed rolls cant be crafted by you til lvl 10, until then munch flowersthe targeting WILL $h!t youthe rainbowglare is there, deal with itall those things in mind its a pretty enjoyable, semi laggy experience. i look forward to whats to come knowing the companies potenital"
76561198086698070,Recommended,529180,33708699,Posted: 21 July,all,[RCF]deth1981,Game won't load. Waited 53 minutes (shows that in time in game) and never loaded. Tried SP and Multi.EDIT-Game does load just takes time but it's worth it. Freaking cool as heck it's gonna be epic later down the road.
76561198000260669,Recommended,529180,33711753,Posted: 21 July,all,tylerisme64,"so im reading some of these bad reviews and that♥♥♥♥♥♥is ridiculous.. most of them dont even have an hour played. So listen guys, this game is 30% complete. They tell you this. Early Access is mainly to help the team get what they need to continue development  and to receive feedback from people that understand what the game can become. its like 25 bucks now and its not even halfway complete, Id be willing to bet any amount of money its going to be much higher when its fully released So dont listen to all these ignorant people giving bad reviews with no time put in, play it for an hour and half if you really dont like it get a refund. what have you got to lose? take a look at the big picture here and take everything into account that needs to be. I will happily give them 25 bucks becuase i can see the true potential of this game. Something that i did that helped me decide was watched a few videos of some of my favorite youtubers play the game, a few examples are Slipg8er,AlexisArcade, and everynightriot."
,Recommended,529180,33711528,Posted: 21 July,all,SquirrelTeamSix,"I don't understand the hate on this game. It is honestly a very good mix of survival and RPG to me. Only thigns that could be improved upon are use of a class based system.Systems are quite similar to ARK, though the game already performs better than ARK functionally. The network needs tweaking but it is the first couple days of EA, so they get a pass.They need to put it better tutorials so the chat isn't so spammed with people asking questions the game should be answering.Good game though. Looking forward to seeing how it grows."
,Recommended,529180,33711043,Posted: 21 July,all,All-Day,"Seems promising so far. Once you get past the initial long load screen, it's smooth. Haven't really run into any bugs yet. Give it a shot."
,Recommended,529180,33743174,Posted: 23 July,all,CurseoftheWolf,"Ran fairly smooth on epic graphics on a gtx1080 for day 1 early access. I played the tutorial and built a base inside a ruined stone building. Unfortunately, night came and a lvl 60 panther wandered into the area outside my base and repeatedly killed me. I hadn't made a bed or anything, so I rage quit.However, in the time I played I can see this game being good with optimization and bug fixes. It has a nice approach to skill progression. Each skill has specific methods of gaining experience, so you're incentivized to farm, craft, or utilize things useful to the skills you use most.I would recommend it for people who are familiar with ARK but appreciate a different approach to the farm/craft/tame survival game, fused with fantasy RPG elements.If you are looking for a super optimized, smooth finished product or a MMORPG like WoW/Everquest then this probably isn't for you.I'll play this a bit from time to time as updates roll out, for a lot of people this is a likely a wait and see. Follow/wishlist if you're interested and wait for updates. The initial negative rating threw me off almost, but I dipped my toes and think that it's not so bad. If the devs can pull it off this will be a solid survival crafting game while also having the fantasy rpg appeal."
,Recommended,529180,33734546,Posted: 22 July,all,[BLN] Seag,"Ark:DinosAnagramsGunsSci-fiDnL:Mythical creaturesSkill treesMagicFantasyBoth games have their ups and downs and are on the same engine. This isn't a ripoff due to Snail Games owning Wildcard (as of December 2015). Wildcard helped develop DnL. Really, these games should be considered brothers instead of twins. Ark is the older brother while DnL is the baby brother. So I recommend taking reviews lightly and watch some streamers before buying.Currently as of July, the servers are stressed and gathering is impaired. Singleplayer is a breeze but the only thing preventing this game from being better is the servers. The game is too early to make a judgment of weather it's good or not. This game has huge potential like the world map is 1/5 currently finished and the part you can play on is huge.I'm expecting more factions and materials to be added. More armor, weapons, and spells to be added. This game has endless possiblities in the future. Worth $30? Not really, but I'm expecting this game to be upwords of $50 when the game is released, then it will be worth it."
,Recommended,529180,33743037,Posted: 23 July,all,Ir1shguy,This is what ARK should have and could have been. More depth but its just another survival game with magic. They did not do much work outside of the deneric assets that come with the UE4 engine same as ARK. Ark left the diversity to the modding community so it is likely DnL will do the same.If you like ARK but what something a bit deeper then this is for you.
,Recommended,529180,33742075,Posted: 23 July,all,Jumperjumper,"i never write reviews but after reading some of reviews i had to give mine after playing a good few hours , this game is EA yes it has bugs and yes the servers can be very desynced at times but apart from them problems the game runs well.The lvl system and unlocking is good ive not expolered the map yet as its death waiting around every corner but ive got a house a few decent magic spells and tames.The pvp is fresh yes its using the ark engine framework but i wouldnt call it a clone they have expanded on the core of ark and made it better imo once the servers and bugs are fixed i can see this bein a very good game."
,Recommended,529180,33678920,Posted: 20 July,all,Mr Retro,I originally bought the game and played a little bit of it and refunded it because of the horrible optimization. Then I sat back and thought about it a bit and read how some people had fixed the graphical issues and once worked through that the game was pretty good. So I bought it again and have to say I am kinda glad I did because I am enjoying it so far this time.
,Recommended,529180,33748495,Posted: 23 July,all,Necrodarkling /Amu,"It's definitely an Alpha and it has a loong way to go.The ARK Engine is well used for a Fantasy settingone thing ARK could copy from DNL is the setting to tell tames to ""flee from danger"" and not just get murdered on passiveMy hope for the game is that the server Limit will grow in time when the game is better optimized and doesnt lag anymore"
,Recommended,529180,33743872,Posted: 23 July,all,CrazyLittlePsyco,"I am really enjoying this game, I see much potential for this. The city and city NPC’s are cool and I enjoy interacting with them, the world is very beautiful and I can’t wait to get higher level to properly explore the rest of the world. The animals are interesting and diverse, the leveling of skills is different but I am enjoying it. That being said there are some problems, there are many bugs (few game breaking thankfully), I have not been able to connect to online servers (been playing single player), and it has borrowed some things from its cousin ARK. There are some things from that are obviously from ARK such as noises (seriously, the trike sounds for the horses? you couldn’t use the equis noises?) but I hope this is a temporary thing as it is early access. Over all, while a little unpolished if they continue to improve on this game then I look forward to its release and am happy to watch it grow in its potential in the early access."
,Recommended,529180,33745091,Posted: 23 July,all,EggyGaming,So yeah everyone is going to compare this to Ark but it is also very different.Ark is fantastic and dare a say nearly finished.Where DnL is very much so in very early access. It currently has so much potential and plenty of content for the current price.I can only see this getting better as the updates roll out
76561198077440632,Recommended,529180,33891523,Posted: 29 July,all,skyjarek,"I'd played this game for a few days  and had built myself a shabby little homestead outside of the human settlement. I was able to build up some materials for building and had crafted myself some armor and weapons and thought i was doing ok. I got on the one day and was immediately set upon by three goblins who proceeded to beat me up and steal all my stuff leaving me for dead naked in the woods. I was too weak to get my gear back so proceeded to rebuild my stock and craft new gear and stored my goods in some chests inside my shabby little home. The next day i found a giant panther outside my house and assumed i could take him on with my shiny new fireball spell and my little wooden shield, after all he was just a lvl 12 panther, lo and behold as i went after him his two panther cousins were waiting to flank me as i came out of my house. Needless to say they tore me apart and went on to eat me. After numerous attempts to retrieve my goods and many corpses later they have now set up camp outside my little home just waiting for me to try to come take it back so they can get another free meal out of me. Damn i love this game ! The loading times can be a bit frustrating and the server lag gets bad from time to time especially during rain but they are working to fix it and i've noticed a fair difference since the first time i logged in. This game has a load of potential in it and it has a great fantasy feel and look to it please keep up the good work guys =) ."
,Recommended,529180,33893572,Posted: 29 July,all,chaosadnd,"I think this game can be very good. It's basically minecraft with better graphics. But there are alot of good ideas in in. That said, the griefers on every server are ridiculous. They killed the npc vendors the moment they spawn. Brand new players get killed immediately as they zone in, and they pull dragons to the starting town.If the bugs of early access are cleared up, and they get a handle on griefers the game can be really amazing. It starts to get fun after level 8."
,Recommended,529180,33893515,Posted: 29 July,all,The_Natural,"I have no idea what the other reviews are talking about when they completely lambasted the game at it's launch. I have played quite a few hours now on two steam accounts, and I can say this this game is immensly fun an intruiging, much moreso than many other surival games at this point in their development.The music is astounding, and the world that you spawn into feels incredibly immense and it is full of absolutely gorgeous scenery and architecture. You feel as if you've spawned into a living, beathing world with grand wilderness out of which you can cut your place, be it a small hunter's shack fit with alchemy stuff, or a gigantic dwarven manor.The combat is more interesting than most ""fantasy"" survival games that are out as of this writing, you can use a bow, two hander, a staff, magic, really whatever suits your fancy. It feels pretty good for this stage, and it seems like it has tons of room to grow.If these kinds of games are your thing, and you've been waiting for a fantasy setting with a gigantic open world, then give this game a shot."
76561198115725190,Recommended,529180,33902971,Posted: 30 July,all,Neon Is Back,Very nice game still alot to do for the devs but still a nice gamei guess its gonna be a great game in some time : )
,Recommended,529180,33903108,Posted: 30 July,all,Kizzer114 ❤,The launch for this game wasn't very good but it was playable and i enjoy playing it. The game has alot of bugs but it is expected for an early access game and i think alot of people haven't given it the chance this game deserves. The devs are very good at listening to their players on twitter and have already addressed alot of bugs in a recent patch at this current time i think the game is going in a good direction but alot of people just buy the game expecting a full release which unfortunately resulted in alot of negative reviews.I recommend the game but do you own research on the game before you buy it because this is early access and alot of things may not work as planned but at the time of writing this i have 32 hours in the game and i am enjoying it because there are alot of things you can do on the game and playing it with friends makes the experience alot better. The game is very beautiful unfortunately it can be a bit laggy in very built up areas like forests so i have to turn down the graphic settings but hopefully the game will get more optimised in the future. (Hopefully)
,Recommended,529180,33886730,Posted: 29 July,all,Hawkslayer,"So far so good.  It's an early-access game with limited map and typical glitchy stuff, but I'm enjoying it quite a bit.  It adds a lot to the Ark engine and has its own feel to things, building on a successful game and launching itself into new areas as time goes on.  Skip all the drama and try it out for yourself."
,Recommended,529180,33888164,Posted: 29 July,all,Mycoxafloppin,"Who would have thought that a company that owned Wildcard and allowed them to shove their game downhill could actually make a decent game!  They even gave very detailed patch notes.  Something Ark has never been able to do.  Its got a few bugs, but damn this was a nice launch and the game in very addicting and brought back feelings I haven't had in Ark in what seems like ages.  Well done Snail.  Well done."
,Recommended,529180,33887974,Posted: 29 July,all,[OT]Szai,"Game is beautiful, its in early access so expect some bugs, most of the negative reviews are from people being griefed on the public servers which is already being addressed. Its got a long way to go, the land availible is only about 1/10 of the end goal, im sure it will be polished by then."
,Not Recommended,529180,33888035,Posted: 29 July,all,Pwego,"Quick review cause im lazy, became elf and grinded for 40 hours straight only to get to lvl 34. Not too many other elves, it seems dwarves are the hip race. Slowly over a week everyone was raided until the dwarves raided us (the last elf house). If the grind wasnt so slow I might try to find another server or change race but even then the game isnt that inspiring. Full of launch bugs, rubberbanding, lag, incredibly long loading screens. At the moment its not worth playing, at least on official servers cause mega tribes have all the main resources down packed already. Its an ok game to play on x5 everything I guess."
76561198010455993,Recommended,529180,33888533,Posted: 29 July,all,loridin,This is a very promising game and I look forward seeing how it develops.
76561197986278642,Recommended,529180,33887732,Posted: 29 July,all,Ezpz Benji,"Well, so far it looks quite promessing.I will continue to play and se how it will develop."
,Not Recommended,529180,33887199,Posted: 29 July,all,zyranz,"I really want to like this game.  I love the idea behind it, but early access or not, the game is barely playable. From UI selection fields not lining up with mouse location, to hit boxes you can't hit with some tools, making certain items almost impossible to collect, to random uber elite dark monsters spawning at the city gates and one shotting you and everything you've managed to create in spite of how poor of a state the game is in.I really tried to keep playing,  But unless you are really a masochist, I can't see how this game is playable."
76561198083880836,Recommended,529180,33705465,Posted: 21 July,all,"Syzzle, the Magician",I like it.
76561198087992917,Recommended,529180,33880483,Posted: 29 July,all,jamews69,"Okay here's my full of you and dark and Light when it first starts up the game will needs kind of bugging it takes forever to load on a standard hard drive but once the game is launched and ran a couple of times the load times get a lot faster also when you first get onto the server it lags really really bad for about 3 or 4 minutes and then poof no more lag I think what it is is that game is still loading up some assets and stuff like that single player from what I've noticed keeps that leg because you're running the server and your client on the same box multiplayer doesn't have that issue plus it loads up a little fast as well the in game mechanics combat can be a little weird as it still being worked on but for the most part it's effective expecially magic and ranged but I do like how that works andMelee combat is a little wonky due to their still working on the hit boxes and whatnot and some slight desync issues but that seems to be mostly on the official servers I haven't really ran into it on the one that I'm hosting the skill system is different for this type of game it's more of you learn your skills by using them like if you're hitting a tree you'll learn more about certain types of magic that's associated with that type of resource or if you're cutting up an animal to harvest its resources you'll learn more Beast magic that helps you learn how to polymorph into them or even just how to tame them better, the game does have a currency system in it and Quest system Quest system is extremely simple but effective and a kind of fun especially when you're going around have the punch barrels for some of the quest givers I haven't done a lot of the higher-level stuff yet cuz I'm still in the beginning Zone mostly cuz I'm helping other players iCarly and a few other people the vendor system is different basically you get your gold coins you can buy anything in the game from them but here's the catch you have to donate gold to each vendor so like say there's a weapons vendor if you donate Bowl gold and contribute to him and level him up for your area he'll start selling better and better equipment and each vendor can be donated to one spur in Gameday by one person so like if I were to donate the weapon vendor I couldn't do it again until next thinking day and nobody else could either overall the game as a hell of a lot of fun I think you'd like it I believe it's on sale for one more week for 2499 if you decide you want to get it"
,Recommended,529180,33880552,Posted: 29 July,all,chunkz,Since the update this morning I have not been able to play laggie and crashed first time ever please sort this out asap as want to play it
,Recommended,529180,33877774,Posted: 29 July,all,-CML- SillyZGhost21,So far I like the game play just like any EA game has its bugs and glitches. Unlike others I find them the best part like trying to tame a sheep and the arrow become massive statue towering into the sky. Hopefully the community become large and exciting like other games to make this game flourish into the vision of what the Dev team wants it to be. Keep up the good work so far ten out of ten would recommend for those who like to adventure in openworlds.
76561198007830570,Recommended,529180,33680983,Posted: 20 July,all,Damon,"Edited*My conspvp servers lack FvF - the point on being in faction is to help that said faction so ugggggbroken beyond repair char creation. make a short char of any kind and watch as your legs break in game. it looks so badno guards so good luck if looking for protection. this is funny as no rep so you can get ganked in town all for what....no npc's - broken quest (in fact no good direction with quest in game which most people coming from an mmorpg will find annoying) btw if you think most will not come from an mmorpg your incorrect.lack of quest. I made over level 10 before I decided to tame which you can do at level 6. btw at near level 15 never received a quest to tame which is a large point of the gameno tool tip or direction for crafting - the things you craft do not tell you what you need. is it forward for the most part? sure sorta.. but not always. im not going in depth but this is forwardno good char creation btw.. I should have posted above. EVERY faction temp looks the same less ears. hair will clip in game and color is a joke. so bad sooo soooooo soooooooooo bad.if i ate 100 apples or berrys I would be sick and die. if it is the ""real"" factor this game has no clue. sure let me bend over and poop for the next 24 hours of my lifeno FvF or seems that way. lack of wanting to group play, houses less than stone (unknown) get blown up w/no problem to sub problemability to kill anyone you want while they are offline, afk ectgreefers and if you dont know play.. youll know soon enoughcombat is a joke. I can wack a sheep and it not move even though I am right in front of it. what..... really.... fix this.anamations are a joke. punching is crap. sword swings are so bad I want to hurl and I cant.. so bad soo soo badWOW ok I have more cons so why a positive thumbs upbecause its simple, this game delivers what it would like to, ..... to its player base that isit is a good game but not w/o its flaws. ranking up FEELS good, growning stronger ect. most seems to go into weight but I feel at some point byond level 30 maybe I can go into more than weight and start moving out a bit.house deign, freedom to play like YOU want, crafting and many other other pros.They said only 30% complete so I am excited for that.give me a game w/npcs and guards in your home town to protect, add in FvF and hardcore and ill be loyal for a long timesadly the above is not yet so its not a game for me"
76561198186964127,Recommended,529180,33714317,Posted: 22 July,all,Mojo,Great game. Lot's of potential.
76561198059158059,Recommended,529180,33812685,Posted: 26 July,all,Grodd McGregor,"This is such an addictive game!! it has alot of similarities to ark but is no where near the same game. The MMO element of the game is such a big change up and it gives people in houses (Tribes) there own jobs to do which again is such a nice change up. In our tribe we have a mage, a builder, a tamer, a farmer and we rarely delve into the others area of expertise. highly recommend for anyone that like fantasy survival games with a dash of MMO. All good things so far, just waiting on updates to make this game even better."
76561198148873124,Recommended,529180,33812229,Posted: 26 July,all,123,I love the game. I was aching for Ark to have a Fantasy Mod and this game just descended upon me. It has great potential.
,Recommended,529180,33812471,Posted: 26 July,all,Ncola,i like it.
,Recommended,529180,33812158,Posted: 26 July,all,Sourceless,"So far, the Game is amazing. Great graphics, great game mechanics. A view bugs and glitches here and there, but thats why its very early alpha, so thats no problem, plus the bugs and glitches that do appear aren't even that bad. 5 hours in and i only want more. I find this game to have a very ARK: survival kinda feel, but with all the stuff you can do, its just simply 10 times better already in my opinion. The feel of the game is great, the atmosphere of the game is really relaxing and the Creatures are challenging/diverse and mostly just fun to look at.The rank up system is also a really great example of what this game is doing so much better than ark. You really get the feeling that you're doing things with purpose and it really is fun, trust me.All things considered, this is the best early alpha game that i have ever played and im definitely gonna want more of this and would most definitely recommend it to al of my friends and family.---Just some side notes on all the Bad reviews out there.. Most of the reviews that have thumbs down are either saying the game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ (witch it totally doesnt but these are just the standart derpy little kids that just blindly buy the game without looking at the minimum requirements) Or there crying about how imposseble the game is online, simply because there getting rekt on online servers and need to blow off there steam by posting a negative salty as hell review.So if ur wondering if the game is REALLY that badly optimised or really that unplayable?No, its not. Just look at the minimum specs and dubble check that before you buy it. I can run the game onthe best settings and have no lagg, no texture issues, no nothing wrong with the game. And for the online part.. well, i have bin rekt by chineese too. But i aint getting mad about it. There just better than me. Ill get better by practise as well, there will always be people online that are better than you.. no point in getting mad about that and go write bad reviews for a game that is actually in fact pretty damn great.Even though there are some actual bad reviews that DO make sense and are legit. Most of them are just a bunch of salty kids raging on about nothing in the end.-side note, there are some server issues. But still, i got it all to work. And i dont really know anything about servers, so if i can do it, anyone can.-You want my advice for seeing if you want this game?Simple: look at the game, look at some videos, decide if you want it or not and if you like what you see. Then if you do? Look at the minimum specs. You dont have the required specs? dont buy it! If you do? Go for it man. Its as simple as that."
76561198012150669,Recommended,529180,33811079,Posted: 26 July,all,bigbadwolf,"I have apllied for a refund after  I struggled to play 5 hours and they told me that the refund is not possible because its more that 2 h of playtime. It takes 15 min of loading time, my pc specs are high but not so high to load the game in 2 min.. I am dissapointed Steam staff... If i could play the game and it would be more interested I would keep it. But I dont want it.. Its not for me. I have 14 days from purchase date to apply for a refund. it is my right.. I can't be forced to keep the game if I dont like it and I dont play it."
76561198061664863,Recommended,529180,33836290,Posted: 27 July,all,PriQoh,It's a more fun Ark with magic and more bugs...
,Recommended,529180,33842755,Posted: 27 July,all,OnlyZuul,"I normally don't rate games, but I want to try to even out the negative reviews that I beleive are undeserved. Most of the negative reviews pertain to optimization, not the actual game itself. The game itself, though bugged, is a great game, and the devs are pushing out patches at a steady rate. Take your time to actually read the bad reviews, as most of them aren't actually helpful."
,Recommended,529180,33841845,Posted: 27 July,all,(OF) Geus,"Interesting Game So Far enjoing it.  having people to play and share load is even more fun  i do recommand , but Its EAi dont regret my purchase"
76561198016511399,Not Recommended,529180,33760091,Posted: 23 July,all,JxP,So far so it is ok. I wish it had region locked servers though (I know about VPNs) and realm vs realm official servers (it is FFA). I will change my vote to recommended once actual faction vs faction is introduced. Right now it plays out just like Ark does on officials (not good).
76561198104300464,Recommended,529180,33851532,Posted: 28 July,all,YT☞StrikerXD gamdom.com ✅,"Definitly a great game , but the bugs are destroying it . For the moment i recommend it even if i had some bugs that triggered a lot , hopefully you will fix most of them to the next patch : the invisible walls , the bugs that stuck u in different places such rocks etc , the table that you need to make to be only atacked if someone declares war to you , etc"
76561197971841663,Recommended,529180,33852565,Posted: 28 July,all,darkrevolution,"well this game had me hooked from the start beforev earlyt acces and when i came online i wa like a little boy again. when i played this game i loved everything about it. the graphic, magic, suvival, leveling/skill schematics. what this game needs is some of the skills has very few schematics like the beast skill. but its still early acces and there is still alot of work like walking on a hill. or the first time i load into a server there is alot of time but despite that it is the most fantastic game"
76561198061905330,Recommended,529180,33854496,Posted: 28 July,all,TITANS!?!,"Is this game, in its current state, worthy of the poor reviews? Yes.Personally i would say do not buy this if you are expecting a finished or polished game, it is very much in early access.That said, i'm leaving a positive review because whilst it is still in its infancy the game definitely shows promise, there is a real potential that given enough time and work that this could be a great game in a year or two. The whole ""ARK with Magic"" angle is a good premise and may be enough to allow it to stand on its own, in time.TLDR: Don't buy it in the current state but for sure keep an eye on it."
,Recommended,529180,33853309,Posted: 28 July,all,Disappear mode activated,I Like This Game Its realy Good Game >>>> but Need To EU Servers
,Recommended,529180,33860630,Posted: 28 July,all,Layer8,"The UI and mechanics are a lot like ARK (but thats not a bad thing.)This game is tons of fun, and has at least 10x the depth of citadel.  This is more like a mmorpg/survival/building game.There are definetly some bugs but the devs seem to be addressing them quickly, and communicating with players.P.S.Stick it out past level 10, the game starts to take more shape at that point.  This is when you can actually start building a house and making a claim.  FYI the first tier of structures is crap, just use them to level.  Wood and up is the only way to be protected."
76561198160578459,Recommended,529180,33861891,Posted: 28 July,all,gsrazzini4,"Its a dream. Ive played 800+ of ark and this game is very similar to it but it feels like you are starting again. it is reeealy adictive and fun Dificult ,yet entretaining. I have realy good expectations for this game such as the ark did.10/10"
76561198063064312,Recommended,529180,33861052,Posted: 28 July,all,KEY,"In short: I like this game. A lot!Tech stuff:In my experience the performance on official servers is lacking quite some (at least it was 3 days ago), the performance is okay in single player (I use an AMD Phenom II X6 which is around 6 years old, 32 Gb RAM and an Nvidia GTX 970), but the best performance I experienced on my unofficial rented private server. I play on Epic/High settings, what helped me a lot is to reduce the anti aliasing to the lowest setting. In my opinion D&L looks better than ARK, and on my system it even runs smoother than ARK does right now (not to think back how almost unplayable ARK was for me in the first month)Gameplay:Many people compare D&L to ARK, and yes: same publisher, same engine, same overall backbone. When it comes to gameplay there sure are similarities, but it's NOT the exact same thing (it's definitely not a reskin of ARK). It's more as if Skyrim and ARK had a baby: you harvest ressources quite much like you do in ARK, you can tame animals/monsters. The skill system is pretty different than what you get in ARK: you -more like in Skyrim- are learning by doing, meaning if you use magic a lot, these according skills will increase. Sir crafts a lot? Your crafting skill will increase. Whenever you earn a new skill level you get new items you can create and use. Pretty nifty system if you ask me.The combat is clunky, but it is also in ARK, so that's not a biggie for me. It's not state of the art, but these kinds of games (ARK, Conan Exiles, D&L) -in my opinion- do not necessarily need a combat system like a Souls title offers (yeah, it still would be fantastic to have that kind of hybrid). It does the trick for me. Using magic is fun, taming is fun (it's a bit different to what you do in ARK).Immersion: I love it! The map is beautifully done and it is big. Really big! Weather changes, day-night cycles (good lord, the nights are DARK as can be), the tension you have when exploring a new area: it all sums up to a world I can totally delve into. To me this is the best part of the game! Exploring is just fun and the world looks and feels amazing!Flaws:Well, it's early access, so anything I criticize here might (and hopefully will) be adressed by the dev team. First off: whily creating yor character there's no option to freeze his/her movement, which makes fiddling with the settings quite a pain. Ingame the towns could do with more NPCs (and interaction with them), they all look a bit like placeholders. Some quests are bugged (e.g. sell wares worth 100 gold to vendors can't be finished). Some creatures might bug out and can't be tamed (happened to me with the first two VRocks I tried to tame, the third was a charm, yay). Steam achievements seem not to trigger correctly, but that really does not bother me. Some items you need for crafting could have some better explanation (a mouseover explanation on the ingredients of a recipe would be sweet). Some of the english is a bit awkward'ish (but I myself am not a native speaker, so... who am I to judge ;) )Else I did not stumble across any really gamebreaking stuff (40 hours in, more to come). So good work for an early access start, devs!TL;DR: I like this game a lot! It's immersive, runs smoother than its ""predecessor"" ARK, offers a beautiful and big world to explore, has got a quite deep but not too complex crafting and leveling system and the character creation is pretty sweet! If you like Skyrim and ARK (or Conan Exiles), give D&L a try! I did, and I do not regret it."
76561198045160373,Recommended,529180,33840280,Posted: 27 July,all,FearCo,"It's got ton sof potential. It is another take on the survival game genre, This time it's more mystical and magical.Yes, it's Early Access That means it's going to be buggy but the devs update it constantly.  I am very excited to see what this game turns into.I have an I7-7700, Gtx 960 and 16gb of DDR4 ram. This game is playable and enjoyable for me on medium settings."
,Recommended,529180,33840672,Posted: 27 July,all,SoRabo the Awesome,"07/27/2017Only two words can describe this game: Early AccessNow with that out of the way, Dark and Light is a Great start to a high potential game! Certainly a nice blend and remake feeling of Ark.Needs a lot of attention but not just from the devs! Without us trying it out and giving feedback, they won't know what to do! :D Something many users need to understand is that if we don't collectively give feedback, the devs can only do what they know about internally for fixes.~to be updated as progress happens~"
,Recommended,529180,33837087,Posted: 27 July,all,Some Guy,This game pretty good for early access.
76561198049898321,Recommended,529180,33839980,Posted: 27 July,all,Jinx,"Enjoying this game glad I purchased it. Already a ton to do with hopefully more content coming. I have 2500+ hrs into similar games. Launch has been pretty smooth in my opinion (I am on unofficial) knew what I was buying with an EA title and expected bugs, they will be fixed. Really looking forward to seeing where the game goes."
,Recommended,529180,33842785,Posted: 27 July,all,Ruby_River,"Disclaimer: I don't usually write reviews unless I've sunk 50+ hours into a game, but this one's getting a lot of hate. Just showing my support.I, personally, really like this game. It does have its issues, but what brand new game doesn't? It's really similar to Ark, and I honestly think it's pretty worth the price. I don't play on a public server because I really dislike dealing with other people, so I've been playing on single player with custom server settings. Low food/water decay, short nights, increased taming speed/Xp gain/gathering rates. Easy mode. I also have a beast of a PC to run it on, and it runs about the same as Ark, as expected. I think that if you're a fantasy nerd who enjoys/enjoyed Ark, then you should give this one a shot. Worse come to worst, you have 2(?) hours to get your money back.Pros:Very easy to get the hang ofLooks very goodExcellent character customizationGreat combatAll of the console commands, other than spawn ID's, are the same as Ark as far as I can tell (Good for YouTubers?)Very similar to ArkServers are super customizableSingle player is actually viable if you're not a people personCons:It took me a few hours of playtime before I could actually tame things, mostly because I was too busy exploringMinor bugs & Glitches (As Expected)Requires a beefy PCFelt like there's not really a whole lot of variety in wildlife at the moment. I'm sure that's going to change soon.For me, the game doesn't let me play if I ended a session unelss I completely end Steam.FPS spikes, seeminly randomly."
76561197986629379,Recommended,529180,33681325,Posted: 20 July,all,Vali,"So far i like it. The game runs fine and it keeps me interestedThere is for sure elements clear out of Ark here, but i dont see that as a bad thing. Its a build upon Ark, not a copy cat. I especially like their take on taming, the whole idea with trying to tie them down with robe arrows is greatThe game is a buggy mess right now, harvesting and melee barely works. They really should fix core elements of their game before releasing it"
76561198256098565,Recommended,529180,33923711,Posted: 31 July,all,shaun,"I like it, better then Ark. sure it still has its bugs.... but its been out on EA for under 2 weeks.... its to be expected..."
76561198020831584,Recommended,529180,33923866,Posted: 31 July,all,arc361,Yeah its a pretty good game but I was hoping the creatures would have a bit more personality. There all mindless like the ones from ARK.
76561198017208592,Recommended,529180,33892372,Posted: 29 July,all,Sweet Justice,"only played this game for 20 hours so far, but i like the concept and the build tree with magic. looking forward to all the releases."
76561198000684399,Recommended,529180,33892167,Posted: 29 July,all,Lady J,Few bugs but the game itself at its current state is insanely awesome
76561198048343371,Recommended,529180,33932940,Posted: 31 July,all,Barret,"Dark and Light is a very fun game. The map is huge and beautiful, I have already found like 4 different biomes in the map. The graphics are top notch. I run an rx 480 and am around 50-60fps on high settings. This game has crazy depth when it comes to what to do. With taming, building, magic, farming and even more, the content alone seems endless. The combat is very fun and there is a role for everyone, you can be melee, archery, caster."
76561198015235685,Recommended,529180,33840635,Posted: 27 July,all,denus,"I wrote an earlier review not recommending the game, but am now revising it. My main issues were with PvP, but I was unaware of the ability of users to create private servers that can disable PvP. Without the threat of three days of work being demolished by someone else while you sleep, the game is far more enjoyable. This does mean I do not recommend any of the official servers, as they are all PvP as of this writing, but if you can put together a private server with a more cooperative setting, the game is far more fun if you prefer building stuff as oppossed to destroying stuff.The issues with the game being early access generally didn't bother me much, though for those expecting a finished polished game, this can be a dealbreaker. Melee is, in general still a non-starter due to syncing issues except against mostly stationary targets, but other than that, the game plays fine, if really unpolished (the long loading times when first starting the game is the most major issue I can think of that will probably dampen your play experience).All in all, for me, if you enjoy the constructive, building aspect of survival games, I would recommend this game played on PvE server. I can't address for those who enjoy the marauding, raiding aspects of such games, but for the all too long a period of time I spent on a PvP server, the high level players seemed to be enjoying themselves, so if that's your cup of tea, you'll probably enjoy the game as well."
76561197969910585,Recommended,529180,33934291,Posted: 31 July,all,Habeni,Have over 50 hours gameplay now and I have to say its really fun with all the magic and building in this gameAlso the world is very beautiful to look atI understand people are having issues with lag so i recommend them to a Unoffical servers.With my i5 4670k and 1060 I get about 60 - 80 fpsThe wait time to get into a server is usually 5 - 10 minsI get worse on Ark which can go over 20 mins to get on a serverSo totally worth every penny
,Recommended,529180,33911171,Posted: 30 July,all,Alpha,its just like arkgot killed 5 times in 10 minutes
76561198093702600,Recommended,529180,33942618,Posted: 31 July,all,Kayerith,"At only 30% complete, I love this game, it's still very glitchy, but there's plenty of time for it to grow. I overall have enjoyed it more than Ark so far, mostly because Medieval Fantasy has always been one of my favorite types of game genre's, casting magic, fantasy style creatures, characters, and plant life. I look forward to seeing how much it grows and how well it does."
,Recommended,529180,33841246,Posted: 27 July,all,Fabmic96,"If you consider that Dark & Light released 1 week ago, it's a fantastic game so far. Sure it's buggy and there is still a lot of work to do but it has great potential either way. The game mechanics are very similar to ARK and if you played ARK you will feel very comfortable with DNL.Don't listen to negative reviews, it's definitely a great EA game and I am sure that the devs keep improving it."
76561198031442612,Recommended,529180,33859174,Posted: 28 July,all,Red,"this game rocks for being a week into ea steam release, to compare ea titles running ue4 on release it looks and feels way better than ark did on release and runs way better than conan did. Heres the big one do you really trust all the less than a hour negative reviews lol. if you like ark or conan this game is better i have nearly 3k hours on ark in mega tribe all that etc etc, and im having more fun with this."
76561198032100634,Recommended,529180,33857091,Posted: 28 July,all,tomar107,its a pretty good game overall! cant wait to see how they will update it and make it better!
,Recommended,529180,33940724,Posted: 31 July,all,JoxerHD,"Great game, one of the best early access games i've played in a long time."
,Recommended,529180,33938617,Posted: 31 July,all,cakeboss23,"Before you read the rest of this comment:I am fully aware early access games are bound to have bugsEvery time i load into the game it crashes on me, i've done everything i can to fix it, but nothing seems to be working for mebut other than that nothing is wrong with it"
,Recommended,529180,33941808,Posted: 31 July,all,Full Armor,"Hey everyone, check out my channel on youtube!https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGDl8-ziqV830IImh88tjnAI have made some great videos about this game and will continue to do so through the early release stages of the game until it is released! Great game, and willl be even better as it continues to be optimized!!!"
76561198009150306,Recommended,529180,33949806,Posted: 1 August,all,Eradoras,"I may think that we have all to agree that the game was not ready to be put in EA. Even for tactical and strategic reason with 'Citadel"" coming.On the other hand we have also to be fair saying that this game has a fantastic potential.My only worry is now on how many time all issues will be resolved as the game well enriched. If it is taking months, this game will probably disappear...helas.My personal thinking is that they may succeed to do it quickso lets pray and see"
76561198037560590,Recommended,529180,33943615,Posted: 1 August,all,Kendrid,"As of right now I have 125 hours and counting into Dark and Light.  I have experienced alot that the game has to offer, working my way up the tier of animals to tame and gotten up to griffin so far.  It has a few bugs, from dinos getting stuck under other dinos while attacking, a few graphical glitches and the occasional stuck dino on some random part of the landscape.  Overall however, the pros vastly outweigh the cons for me.  I do not feel like I would enjoy the official servers as I think that the rates for harvesting and taming are a bit too low for it to be a fun experience for me.  However as an admin of my own server I can tell you it is a great game.  It is like ark, yes, however, in ark you are forced to have to tame dinos to accomplish anything.  In DnL you can literally go through and play as long as you like without ever taming anything if that is your goal.  The player is plenty powerful enough to take down most if not all creatures in the game and tames are only used to further enhance or expand that experience.  This is definately worth 25 dollars, but do not go into it expecting a game that has no bugs.  There are bugs, and some of them will annoy you.  Enjoy it for what it is and learn how to manipulate or workaround any bugs you find.  Btw I have an i7 7700 with a 1070 vid card and I run just fine at high/epic on all settings at 40+ frames.  So no graphics issues for me."
76561197997562086,Recommended,529180,33949433,Posted: 1 August,all,Mephisto,"Thumps up!! Besides the at times frustrating lag, i really love this game, the map is awesome!!! Let´s make this review score better than mixed. The game deserves that. Just my two cents:)"
,Recommended,529180,33756511,Posted: 23 July,all,Yamiino,"Alright, changing my review from negative to positive.Before the 3GB update I wasn't even able to run the game, however they did something that now I can play with a GTX 770 on ultra settings at very decent FPS, nothing crazy, feels like 25 or so. Waaay better than on launch day with 4-5 FPS.Played a bit, I got into a private server, first thing that happened was a meteor dropped just outside of the city, it had a reaper or whatever the name is, started chasing me but the guard attacked it and killed him, next I had a pretty good armor and hammer, thank you game! Lmao.One thing that matters a lot to me is the graphics, if it's an eye candy game I will play it. And god this game is that.http://i.imgur.com/NN0eY2V.jpgscreenshot from before the reaper appeared.And now I can review this game accordingly, it still needs work, hopefully in the future more optimizations get in without dumbing down the graphics.As a suggestion to the devs, focus on fixing things before adding more content as off now I think optimization and bug smashing is highest priority. Thanks for the optimization!"
76561198065680072,Recommended,529180,34000915,Posted: 3 August,all,Wildcard,Logged in.Started chopping wood.Got jumped by a goblin and left for dead.10/10.
,Recommended,529180,34018214,Posted: 4 August,all,Phish™,"Not bad, feels how ark did when it first came into early access, full of bugs, errors and crap but you can see potential for the future.MEH."
,Recommended,529180,34017444,Posted: 4 August,all,Hamm,"I am recommending it based on the yuuuuge potential it has.  This, in its current state, is a fun and intriguing game.  I dont understand the point of down voting an early access game for bugs and glitches."
76561198094324977,Recommended,529180,34052768,Posted: 5 August,all,V.,"I love ark and love the idea of this game, and I do understand this is a early access that has just been released, just noting to the makers, the load screen doesn't take me anywhere, the first time clicking esc pulled up the loading bar so I could see how far it was, then i was able to play for a little before it crashed, and i've tried many times after that but the loading screen won't do as much as even pull up a loading bar."
76561198110280849,Recommended,529180,33775959,Posted: 24 July,all,SirGerm,"The game seems to have a good idea, and a need type of RPG/Survivor style base, but I did not even get to enjoy it...First, To play this game, you will have to wait 10-15 min to connect to a server, now people keep saying things like, just wait, have patients, and it’s like...wtf is going on..am i downloading the game again? I have no problem with EA games, that’s why I tried this even with a ton of (-) reviews..I will change my recommend when they fix the 10-15m loading screen, that’s just crazy, to a point..ppl started to think there game crashed...PS: if u lower your graphics to the lowest..this game starts looking like a PS2 game..Edit:Like i said, would change the review after playing it..First off, the SSD allowed me to put the graphics to max, meaning I could play it on any settings, a big difference from my first try.The gameplay feels like rust, when they had the lvl up system to get new crafting recipes, that’s not so bad. I was hooked for 1 hour just running around punching things to get items. I would say I could get hooked in the future, but I see this game going to take a lot of time."
76561198143882668,Recommended,529180,33888099,Posted: 29 July,all,TheDragonElf,THIS ♥♥♥♥ING FPS ISSUE NEEDS TO GET FIXED I WANNA ♥♥♥♥NG PLAY BUT CNT BECUSE I GO FROM 80 TO 5 ♥♥♥♥ING FRAMES EVERY DAM SECOND ♥♥♥♥ING DIE A MILLION TIME AND LOSE ALL MY♥♥♥♥♥♥GETS ♥♥♥♥ING AGERVATING SO ♥♥♥♥ING FIX IT
,Not Recommended,529180,33830544,Posted: 27 July,all,Aziz.25,0/10 FPS 5
76561198068931316,Not Recommended,529180,33879245,Posted: 29 July,all,exotrax,"The game is getting better and better since launch , people complaining because looks like Ark is because Snail bought WildCard to make Dark&Light so they are using the same sub-engine , which will be probably tuned/changed in the future.The game at the time I'm writing this review is only 30% done so long way to go so don't excpect to much , the  game is fun and had great potential if they decided to increase the RPG fantasy aspect of the game and have survival mechanics as side.Update : After playing for a decent amount of time, I must say the game at the moment has to many game breaking bugs, the collisions detection are very bad and creatures get stuck between their body, I keep loosing tamed pet because of this,combat with pet while riding is impossible due to desync,I know this is EA , but if I have to recommend this game at current state is no."
76561198020195103,Recommended,529180,34051718,Posted: 5 August,all,Blitzkrieg,"In its current state, I would have to say stay away from it, only for now. However, I wont be giving it a thumbs down because of the active devs who constantly update based on feedback. They do a great job communicating to their player base, so I can tell this game is going to amount to something.I don't have much else new to say about the game that others haven't already said, but the only thing I would recommend to be implemented into the game is stronger single player content. Ark/Rust/etc have already made this mistake. One idea is to give the players the ability to start their own cities filled with npc's instead of players. Maybe use the housing method starbound has where buildings can be given housing contracts, where an npc will eventually spawn. Then let us give him a job such as gaurd, or mining, or follower, or etc. Then add more ai controlled kingdoms so we can commence diplomacy or war. That combined will create both an epic multiplayer, and single player experience in addition to what is already out now."
76561198097748499,Recommended,529180,33983814,Posted: 2 August,all,B1ackGold,"As of now, I'm fairly dissapointed in the optimization and servers. PvP doesn't function properly and people have killed at the NPC's in the starting towns. I'm hoping that, with time, the game makes large improvements than it's current state. IMO if you enjoyed ARK, this might be worth the gamble, but only time will tell."
76561198059966565,Recommended,529180,33999119,Posted: 3 August,all,Unlimilore,"This game has potential yes, but it needs time. It was released way to early. I suggest buying but, give it a month. Let the major bugs get fixed so it doesnt ruin the game for you."
,Not Recommended,529180,33735759,Posted: 22 July,all,Aigis,"Changing my review because of the new updates.This game is fun but wait until they fix the bugs to invest any time in it. Everything I have built in the past has been destroyed from bugs, it be fine if it was players but it is not its glitches like the mountian eating parts of my house or when they reboot a server and my house  kills all my mounts from spawning ontop of them. Or when they do a reroll of a server without telling anyone and you end up dieing as soon as you log in. Overall this game has a lot of amazing qualities but the bugs are killing it I can atleast run the game but once I am investing a lot of time into it  I end up loosing everything from bugs so why even bother playing now. Everything gets stuck inside other objects and bugs out at the worst times. Not to mention I fell through a mountian outside of the games boundaries by just running up a mountian.The last couple patches are making the game worst than what it was at release."
76561198219737748,Recommended,529180,34006174,Posted: 3 August,all,PaddyJunior,"People have to remember this is Early Access, Literally a week old.It has bugs and is not the finished article by any stretch of the imagination.My first impressions are that this game has huge potential, in fact it's very fun even in it's current state.The Inventory and crafting system is crisp, clean and very easy to navigate. It's addictive as every survival/mmorpg should be in the sense there's a reason to craft, there's always something you're aiming for, ok so I can craft leather helmets and gauntlets, ok let's gather some hide and twine and make a bunch of leather gear to rank up my armour crafting ability. The crafting menu is huge, from alchemy to taming skills, Ranged crafting levels etc etc.I have noticed some comments stating that £20 is rather hefty for an unfinished, buggy early access game, I disagree, I actually think you'll get your money's worth with upcoming updates, hell you'll even get your money's worth in it's current state, I say support this game with your £20 and watch it evolve from a good game to a great game. The community is everything for these early access games and I for 1 want to see this game grow. Thumbs up from me."
76561198246741330,Recommended,529180,34015862,Posted: 4 August,all,KawaiiMagicz,I would recommend this games to others i LOVE it. For the time i have spent playing it i had fun. Is there issue YES will it get fixed YES. its a Early Access game i new what i was buying and i still enjoy it even with the issue at the end of it this game will it fixed and become better :D
76561198128190199,Not Recommended,529180,33752947,Posted: 23 July,all,eight4111,Dont buy for now
76561198027123214,Recommended,529180,34081153,Posted: 7 August,all,Indies Spikyky,Very addictive and better than Ark. Thank you for working on it every day guys! Some bugs but developpers working on it! ;)
76561198157599273,Recommended,529180,34086611,Posted: 7 August,all,Maahhn,"So I don't have to many hours on this game but what I can tell so far is that the core gameplay and  survival/fantasy aspect of this game are amazing. There are commited devs and some major improvements to the server desync and glitches. Although that doesnt mean that there aren't any glitches anymore. If your looking for a fully functional game, you might want to hold of on purchaseing dark and light. I have loved this game so far and there is so much you can do that you never get bored compared to other survival games I have played such as rust. What im trying to say is, if you want a fun fantasy/survival game with fun co-op interactions, and are willing to deal with some frustrating bugs, then you should definetly try this game out. it definetly deserves a mostly positivie rating and that is why I made this review."
76561198193584353,Recommended,529180,34091029,Posted: 7 August,all,Oziusx,"So far I'm loving this game. I can't lie, it's not without it's issues and bugs, but I knew that going into an early access games. I've already seen some nice patches and various fixes and the game gets better and better. Keep up the good work and I'll keep playing. Thanks!"
76561198097986461,Recommended,529180,33685036,Posted: 20 July,all,123,Good Game!
76561198078286640,Recommended,529180,33999853,Posted: 3 August,all,Legendarymaster,when i click the play button it say running then it goes away it won't launch
76561198076082618,Recommended,529180,34054157,Posted: 5 August,all,Oh Hai Im Acorn,"Good early access game. Alot of people think that ark was better when it first came out? I beg to differ. I was there when ark was just released, and ive never seen such a unoptimized game. But now ark is one of the most popular games out there, so why give up on this game because it has some framerate issues which can be fixed by closing the game and reopening it? Seriously, thats all you have to do to fix the issues. Granted, the optimization does need work. Im not going to argue that, but its seriously not that bad.Dedicated server's with a small population almost have no lag from what ive seen. And generally there is no one trying to completely screw people over on dedicated server's. I havent played on an official server because i heard about people just killing NPC's, so i cant speak about official.The big thing they could probably work on is the level of creatures around the town. Ran into a lvl 96 saber maybe 30 seconds out of the town.Once the above stated issues are fixed, i think this is going to be a great game. Its what MMO/RPG players have always wanted, lets be fair. Magic, PvPvE, building your own mansion in a world, taming creatures, its a dream. Its like Oblivion ( With the Skill tree ) and the Ark leveling system combines. Id recommend the game, but please keep in mind it is a early access, there is going to be issues. Hope this helps!"
76561198379909882,Recommended,529180,34161469,Posted: 10 August,all,Einherjer,Im really enjoying it. This game does have great potential. Keep the good work up.
,Not Recommended,529180,33939871,Posted: 31 July,all,Sevigor,"Reviewing my review after 68 hours. While I definitely got my money's worth, i sadly have to say that this game has too many performance issues. Melee is still SUPER broke and the server lag is unbearable at times. Harvesting resources is really hit or miss it seems as well.If these performance things get fixed, I will definitely have to come back and edit this comment again."
76561198019102153,Not Recommended,529180,33810588,Posted: 26 July,all,NobleNerd,"Unfortunately after playing for a while now I have to give this a thumbs down now. The game performance has changed almost each time I played and not for the better. Graphics seem to change and alter during play time and it has become worse than better.The game has some wonderful concepts, but Early Access seems to be going the wrong direction.EDIT (8-10-17)After the most recent patch the game performance has become unplayable for me! It takes minutes to load the zone and sometimes I am stuck at the load screen for at least 15 min. I am not running on the high end system req., but my rig can handle the load. Something changed recently and not for the better. Unless you are a patient person I would suggest avoiding this game until they make better performance and optimization adjustments!"
,Recommended,529180,34158303,Posted: 10 August,all,Venfu,"Remeber this is an early access game and so far the devs have made great strides in fixing the bugs we have reported and adjusting for feedback. It has great graphics, interesting combat, and seems to be an interesting mash up of ark and fantasy. Though they really need to work in initial load time into servers even private ones, it still averages about 5 mins on a decent gaming system. ."
76561198124803569,Recommended,529180,34158313,Posted: 10 August,all,hjdobson68-Stormie,"I enjoy the game. I played Ark when it was early access but got bored with just forever fighting dinosaurs and pvp. I""m not really into pvp all that much. This looked interesting so I thought I'd try it out.The loading times are REALLY long. Even longer than when Ark Survival first started out I think (or I could just have forgotten how long it used to take) but I perservered and waited it out. It came up and I was able to create a character. I like that in this game the woman actually have nice hair (unlike Ark where you can only get nice hair if you download a mod for it even since it went public). So the first couple of times I logged in I was enjoying myself learning the basic mechanics and picking up the schematics for recipes and such. One of the annoying things I didn't like was that when my ""focus"" started to run low it told me I needed to sleep but there wasn't anywhere in-game or out that let me know how I was supposed to do that. I think I finally found something on someone's wiki that said I needed to either rent a room or craft a sleeping bag. Ok, fair enough. I logged in the second day and tried to work my way up to being able to do that. Died a few times from random devilspawn showing up but figured that's what the game is about. Went to log in today and found there was a big patch. Once the patch was loaded I ran into a problem that I have since found is quite common. My game crashed on me and said my video card driver was not up to date (it is, of course and no it's not a Nvidia card either as some people blame the problem on Nvidia) so I have not been able to log in.I do understand it's early access and all that so I look forward to seeing what this game becomes. I will recommend this game but people should be highly aware it IS early access and bugs are inevitable!"
76561197964717577,Recommended,529180,33777518,Posted: 24 July,all,Patriote,"I finally decided to give the game a chance, sure the performance arent that great but damn its fun!"
76561198058402230,Recommended,529180,33874411,Posted: 29 July,all,J.T.,"If you like fantasy and can look past long grind times for little reward, then i would say this game is for you and quite fun at times. Do not buy this if you are casual you will have a♥♥♥♥♥♥time and probably spend more time complaining about the obvious faults in the game then seeing the few niche enjoyable ones."
76561198025758749,Recommended,529180,33978915,Posted: 2 August,all,NightWing,"Ok so my first impression of the game was not good but think that had more to do with the ppl on the server I was playing on then the game. Starting off  was tough lvl 1 monsters kicked my butt ppl of my own fac raided me number of times to steal my stone weapons and demo any house I made. After trying to play for few days I was like its a bust, I couldn't get anywhere in this game even got so mad to give a bad review out of frustration. After a few more attempts and finding the right spot I started to make headway and thats when I started to enjoy the game. The game is not the worst EA game I've played actully runs pretty good on my system. The dev team has been updateing the game pretty offten witch is good to see and actually added things to the game that help. I find myself trying to get my friends to play and get the game and thats when I new the game won me over.Final verdict for EA 3/5 after putting in 114hrs some rough but enjoyableSomethings to note is there is some optimization needed game dose not run perfect, also melee combat is janky and needs some work best way to kill things right now is bow and staff would like that to be fixed.Rig SpecsRadeon Software Version - 17.7.2Radeon Software Edition - Crimson ReLiveGraphics Chipset - Radeon (TM) RX 480 GraphicsMemory Size - 4096 MBMemory Type - GDDR5Core Clock - 1303 MHzWindows Version - Windows 10 (64 bit)System Memory - 16 GBCPU Type - AMD A10-7850K Radeon R7, 12 Compute Cores 4C+8G"
76561197974322673,Recommended,529180,34042228,Posted: 5 August,all,thatldodonkey1,If you can put up with the mega-glitches and bugs the game becomes fun around level 15. Double taming a griffin and a wyvern at the same time from the same feeding trough rocked.
76561198020577701,Recommended,529180,34134691,Posted: 9 August,all,icsprt,"Rather stable game for EA, although definetly has bugs to work out.  Progression and gameplay are engaging and there is enough depth to play for a while even without other players."
,Recommended,529180,34434160,Posted: 23 August,all,Antagonista,game is fun to play i suggest playing on lower server (us-knight 25 and higher)  if you dont want to play with chinese people. there might be less people on those servers but its worth.
,Recommended,529180,33778734,Posted: 24 July,all,Shibilicious,It's nice.
76561198047334564,Recommended,529180,34347624,Posted: 19 August,all,Mistic,"the game is decent, but its still a work in progress, wen i first bought it there was alot of bed revieuws. of people that give up after just looking at it. loading still takes alot of time, but if you play relaxed it is a fun game with ark like features. the magic is nice and easy to use and the fact that a town needs to be helped with funding/donating gold to vendors feels like a neat thing, thow i'm the only elf on my server so taming things takes alot of prep for me, i am like the game play so far. and its not even done yet so lets hope it goes up"
76561198151778980,Recommended,529180,34367001,Posted: 19 August,all,SuperMdoggred,"First impression was it was ""It's gonna be just like Ark"" and in a way yeah i was kinda right but it's so much more. Alll around its a fun game and if you want something thast involves survival, magic, and monsters thius is the game."
,Recommended,529180,33758543,Posted: 23 July,all,Darksilverjesse,"(updated review) At first I thumbed down the game for the long (unnecessarily long) load times, i refunded and 2 weeks later was talked back into purchasing. I timed the load screen and compared it to other titles like Ark, Minecraft, and Rust. and the load times were nearly the same, it's just this game does it Post Title screen where as the others do it Pre. there are some areas of the map that will cause loading(lag) spikes where maybe a resource/beast has spawned over itself, or **spoiler alert** Vrock Cove where a spawning node is counting only the number of Vrocks in the general vascinity and since all beasts can wander (literally the entire map, I've seen beasts wander way outside of their spawning zones), the spawner only counts like 2-3 vrock when it's quota is 4 so it's spawns in another, despite 7 being just outside of the detection range. **SA** this is a great spot to level your flying mounts as all you have to do is agro 1-2 and a flock will come swarming down, vrocks have horrible defense and attack, a lvl 150 vrock can be taken down in 3-4 hits with a low level vrock with some piloting."
,Recommended,529180,33862175,Posted: 28 July,all,da  B man,"I want to see this game succeed. I created a personal server, and can play with my friends without the trouble of tethering. It's a beautiful thing. The studio is working hard to pump out content and patches, so I'm excited for the game's future. I'd love to get rid of the loading screen animation of the flying dragon. As cool as it is, I feel like it's way over the top and my game takes forever to load with the animation constantly chugging. Would love to see an option to disable it in the future. The creatures are super fricken awesome. I met some tricksy little goblins who beat me up and stole my stuff, lol. A treant that I didn't get too close to, but he looked awesome. Spiders that glew in the dark, and instantly killed me. The game does contain a lot of UDK specific functions, which makes it look very similar to ARK. Which isn't a complaint, it's actually awesome because I'm already very familiar with ARK, so I felt right at home. The server took some tinkering with SteamCMD, and wasn't intuitive, but hell, it works so that's all I'm gonna care about. They will feature non-dedicated servers later, but like I said, the tethering is such a huge ♥♥♥♥♥ I'd rather make my own server any day.All in all, it's worth the price for the game it is NOW, let alone the treasure it will one day become. Thank you, Team Snail for making it happen :) You guys rock!"
,Recommended,529180,34450018,Posted: 23 August,all,Zabian,"If you loved Ark you will love this.  The style of play and interface will be familur enough that you won't get lost in figuring it out.  Those that never played Ark will not have any trouble either.Having said that....it is really visually stunning, the graphics of this game are very well done and even being Early Access, the game feels further along.Yes there are bugs and there are a few issues that you might run into but overall the game is in VERY good shape.  Most of those that are being negative about the game fail to remember that it IS an Early Access game.If you like survival games and you enjoy a good challenge, I highly recommend that you give this game a shot."
,Recommended,529180,33889477,Posted: 29 July,all,Autu,"EDIT: A server message now pops up an hour or two before an update so we can get to base and log before getting kicked! Thank you devs! I now have absolutely no complaints... I love your game!----------------I'm really loving this game, despite all the bugs I've encountered.However, I reeeaaalllllly do wish there was some type of warning message when the servers are about to go down or an update is about to be posted (we apparently get kicked when there's an update...) so that my House and I aren't flying around on wyverns, in the middle of taming something big, or scoping out enemy territory when it happens. This is the most frustrating thing I've encountered yet, just being kicked from the server without warning and then having an hour+ update before I can log back in. (nevermind the occasional fatal error when I do try to log back in....)I've lost too much because of this, (several times!) and it's getting extremely tedious to have to get it all back before I can continue my wonderful adventures throughout Archos."
76561198182147665,Recommended,529180,33698871,Posted: 21 July,all,lukasharking,Needs some optimization and fixes but has a good amount of content and things to do.
76561198055922363,Recommended,529180,34175334,Posted: 11 August,all,Draco Arcane,Good game for early access. OBVIOUSLY it has isues ITS EARLY ACCESS! Anyone ♥♥♥♥♥ing about an early access game having problems or issues has no idea what early access is.
,Recommended,529180,34176149,Posted: 11 August,all,Scotchdaddy,"Had a few ""fatal error"" crash before ... but since the patch i can crash 3-4 time per hour ... add the 5 min delay before the game realise you are not connected anymore and finally let you log back in ... meh ... Game still fun but need A LOT more optimization"
76561198141196949,Recommended,529180,34191344,Posted: 12 August,all,Ravenix,"Yes this game does seem like a reskin of ark, but also at the sametime it seems like ark's world that have collide with another world, the systems they have makes the game alot more fun to gather, craft, lvl, tame and try to conquer this beautiful world they put up, not only that, does that played ark, you know about modding right? you maybe added an griffin, a few dragons and so on, which made the game kind of very hard to play for some right?  well, dark and light add some of those stuff and so much more!  it add a decent combat system ( not the best, but better then arks in my opinion ), i think Dark and light have many of the systems ark lack of, but do i recommend this to anyone?, yes i do, its still early access, there is bugs yes, but they are adding more stuff and fixing bugs slowly, i think Dark and light has high potential to become a better survial game then ark and many others, so if you are like me, loving arks graphic and system but want more, then dark and light i can defo recommend for you!Reason to buy;what reasons exactly do you want? we all have different taste in survival games, but my reason was;it has more systems then ark hadit has more reasons to gather, craft and lvl then ark had.i just love the engine and its graphic! sadly ark worked bad for me. ( to many mods on it and other♥♥♥♥♥♥)but overall, with out comparing it to ark, its just one big amazing world to explore, with lots of things to do even in early access!Reason to not buy;ehm... its still early access?... so if you are a bit well, not sure cus it looks like a reskin of ark, then maybe wait until it goes on sale or something?, cus i can't exact say the reason not to buy is cus of bugs and stuff like that, it would not make sense right? i could complain about the.... ha, funny, i do not have any.  i guess only reason i could give is if you do not like survial games where its very hard to stay alive in the start with out a clans help ( its possible to stay alive with out clans help! just pointing that out! )  , or that taming can be hard and long, or that you simpel don't like building and gather stuff or are not in to making your own screw up looking char. well, then move on, this game is propably not for you then XD"
76561197980658529,Recommended,529180,34188955,Posted: 12 August,all,Tidurian,For a game in early access very pleased with the game overall.  It receives fast updates to it and has improved in a short time.  The gaame is a bit too much like ark and would like see a bit original take to the game.
76561197980508702,Recommended,529180,34164268,Posted: 11 August,all,pr0.nooB | Ainz Ooal Gown,"Notice: This is a direct copy of the ARK-System, just with a completely new map, animals and items! So if you like ARK & Magic, this is the game to buy!For me personally, this game is my favourite over ARK!You can use an magic staff, there are 4 versions of it throughout the game.You can tame animals like deers, griffins, centaurs, cyclops, 2-headed vultures, DRAGONS, elementals, even goblins(or sign a goblin contract with em) ^^You can build everywhere, except a certain parameter around cities(which isn't recommended as well, cause starting area...hello?! )There are dungeons, which aren't accessible right now, but will be in the future(cause: difficulty too high etc.)Building Tiers: ""Shabby"" Thatch, Wood, Stone, ruggedized Stone(reinforced with Metal), Castle(lvl 50)When you're playing PvP, each Tier is relevant!While playing PvE, you can stay on Wood, until you can craft the Castle!Negatives: LAG over time and/or when more than 10 players are on a server!, Slopes need real improvements(they are causing lags, clientwise and animalwise!),Map Areas with stone/mountain: you can't touch the mountain directly, you're just blocked a few meters before it, so when there are trees or ores, you can't harvest them.This is a NO GO, cause you can't use those Stone/Mountain Areas to land on it and be safe around aggressive animals etc.!"
,Recommended,529180,33781422,Posted: 25 July,all,ϟḱøẕα,"Well, what can i say , i have some hours of ark, but this game will be 5 *  better than ark , you only need to read: ""What the developers have to say"""
,Recommended,529180,33680761,Posted: 20 July,all,Darkrook,"In the games current state at early access release after an hour with it I would have to not recommend this product. I have played dozens of early access games and this is by far the worst I have ever experienced. I understand unpolished incomplete games but I can not overlook how bad the graphics in this game are compared to the screenshots / videos. Even with all the settings maxed out on a 4k monitor, the graphics at best resemble something I would have bought in 2005. The UI is a reskin of Ark which is okay but overall this game wasnt ready for early access at all.Might revisit in a few months but until then, I would not recommend this product.--------------------------------------**UPDATESo on a whim I decided to jump back into DnL today and was pleasantly surprised that it loaded up way faster, the graphics look crisper and the server latency has been worked out. After seeing some of the fixes I have logged some time and I am officially changing my vote. I am a builder in these types of games and have had a chance to play with the building system. I make a nice fort and explored a chunk of the island. If they keep improving the engine and optimizing the graphics this could turn out to be a real contender in the survival game space. Color me impressed over the course of a few weeks!"
,Not Recommended,529180,34186050,Posted: 12 August,all,ramon,game dus not open 7 out of10 times
76561198031843003,Recommended,529180,34276047,Posted: 16 August,all,Teefy McTeeph,"Seems like a really good game but you need a beast of a pc to run it right now, wait for a huge update before you play."
,Recommended,529180,34250169,Posted: 14 August,all,MonkeyNogging,this game is fun but still need alot of work to be done on it...can't wait for the finish product =)
,Not Recommended,529180,33856898,Posted: 28 July,all,Jadki92 (Lux),"Step 1: lag, alotStep 2: Find a griffin near your baseStep 3: Fail to hit said griffin (because of said lag)Step 4: Get killed by said griffinStep 5: Try to kite it into some earth elementals and watch it fly in a ♥♥♥♥ing mile arc.Step 5.5: Watch it return a few minutes later with a grudge.Step 6: Repeat step 2-4 indefinately until you're ready to move onto step 7Step 7: Uninstall.Step 8: Refund, if possible.10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by griffins again."
,Recommended,529180,34256178,Posted: 15 August,all,Regnar #Skinwin,need update
,Recommended,529180,34257567,Posted: 15 August,all,☯σмєgα☮,Really Greate game but sometimes game just waiting in load :|
,Recommended,529180,34277521,Posted: 16 August,all,✩ WhiteRabbitObject,"As someone who poured a lot of hours into ARK, I really enjoy this game. It has a lot of bugs currently but what can you expect from a game in early access?Personally, I'm impressed that the devs put as much work into the game. It's constantly being worked on for optimizations and they're doing a lot for the game in its current state, so I'm more patient with it. There are times when you have frame rate drops when going into busy areas, especially while flying. But I haven't let it stop me from enjoying this game.Me and my friends really enjoy it. It's fun to play with people and it's a lot more forgiving than ARK is, as far as the AI attacking you and getting resources. You don't die as much in this game compared to ARK, but it still can keeps you in your toes. There's a lot to do as far as pulling together with your team mates and building, taming, and crafting materials. Currently at 33 hours in the game and I'm nowhere near bored with it. However, if you're someone who gets impatient with occasional frame rate drops, this game might not be for you in its current state. The only major problem I have is the game crashes when I close out of it. But I have never been lagged out of the server at any point during game play, which is amazing to me since ARK did that countless times during its entire time in early access. Definitely worth a buy in my opinion."
76561198144105330,Recommended,529180,34280455,Posted: 16 August,all,Kriptonik,"This is a great game to pick up if your into survival games.  Like everyone else has mentioned already, it is similar to ark. However i feel its different in a lot of great ways.The combat system is wonderful, i love the mixture of archery/spells/melee combat.Building... has many more options than ARK. Can be a lot of fun if your into that.Taming creatures is similar to ARK, but so much better in the fact that you can save your creatures to a soul stone and revive them once they are dead for a price. So... in short no more wasting hours and hours on a tame just to have it die and be gone forever. What a great idea...Overal iv enjoyed all my time on this game, it does lack content, but the PvP Should keep you busy even after you have explored what the game has to offer so far.And one of my favorite features is the raiding protection. If you have a house seal, which is a bubble that protects your structures from getting destroyed by random people.. They cannot destroy your base until they declare war. Which gives you a 12 hour preparation time before either of you can attack eachothers base.. Brilliant. I love it.I have very high hopes for the game, and think it will surpass ARK by miles. We shall see : )"
76561198005779475,Recommended,529180,34280496,Posted: 16 August,all,devrial,Been playing for about 3 days now and really loving the game. It has issues like Ark did in early access but as a whole for being only 30% complete it is a very solid platform to build upon. Other than the occasional jerk that kills the npc's in the starting towns or the zerg guilds that seem to think wiping everyone out and conquering official servers makes them good at the game.Overall has been a lot of fun taming sheep to sheer and riding my boar around. Looking forward to catching a flier so I can expand where I can easily explore but that will happen soon enough. So far the worst part of the game seems to be the load time the first time you connect after that it's although not perfect pretty reliable.Although the damned goblin ambushes where they steal all you things is pretty annoying. but definitely makes it fun.
76561198349488927,Recommended,529180,34340624,Posted: 18 August,all,cbmasonryrepairs,this game is everything im lookimg for. exspect some minor problems. btw... i writng this review while my server is down. keep up the good work. cant wait to see finished product. we r all in this together...  surly a great deal. best buy now before they jake prices.
76561197990345012,Recommended,529180,34452126,Posted: 23 August,all,Tenalkas,"Great Game for Early access, play on unofficial servers thou as official servers seem to be overrun with persons who just want to grief you."
76561198030135171,Not Recommended,529180,33942846,Posted: 31 July,all,Laurence,"High level griefers and not good pvp. Game is fun but way to many high level griefers on Knight servers.I moved to a pve server and people are really nice and game is fun for an early alpha.    US-Wvrmslayer serverLatest update:Population is dropping since last patches. The wood building now look so terrible and the combat is terrible. The clipping and weird camera angles along with the mobs standing on you instead of in front of you make game really unplayable.  The game is also crashing on startup and I recommend waiting to see if the game stabilizes.  Taming is fun, the world and visuals in general are like a LOTRO themed world.  The gear looks ok too but still very limited. This is a wait and see."
76561197970754855,Not Recommended,529180,33871180,Posted: 28 July,all,Ulrick,"I have a good PC.  I play on a private server.With 40 hours of game play I have to say that I have been enjoying the experience and received my moneys worth already.DNL does share some obvious assets from Ark, but the tech trees, magic and some core advancement mechanics are entirely different.  With NPCs, towns, factions, nodes, and a completely different catalog of beasties it becomes clear after some time in the game that it is not a ""clone"" of Ark.  I am so glad I don't have to worry about engram points!I played Ark from day one of EA.  DNL is in a much better state than Ark was at launch.  Yes there are bugs.  Yes there have been some frustrating moments.  Was Ark worth my $25 dollars at launch, hell yes.  Is DNL worth $25 at launch.  Yes it is.Should you laugh at the trolls writing a negative review after 0.4 hours of gameplay.  Yes you should.*updated Review*Well the joke is on me indeed.  I rent a private server with recent patch Developers overrode my PVE structure decay=False setting.  Logged in after a few days doing other things and all of my structures and most of my tames are gone.  A lot of hours down the tubes.  No remedy either and the attitude is oh well take it or leave it.  To top it off they refuse to make clear what needs to be in the server config to make this not happen on private servers.While I have certainly gotten my moneys worth out of the purchase.  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ behaviour by developers should not be condoned or supported.  They have my money, don't give them yours."
,Not Recommended,529180,33697396,Posted: 21 July,all,Darkmelkor,"The game is full of bugabuser and cheater who will eventually ruin your experience. Developer made a statement saying that they would have punish those kind of behaviours, but in a month nothing changed, even if most of ppl on my server provided them screenshots and informations.I wont suggest you to buy this game unless you want to play on an unofficial server"
76561198202018528,Recommended,529180,34020125,Posted: 4 August,all,sammo_d,this is a good game if u have people to play with sure it has its bugs   but remeber its only 33% complete and its already better then ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ark
76561198021981590,Recommended,529180,34872507,Posted: 10 September,all,Waxweazle,"I bought this game 2 days ago and I really grow to love this game, as a low level it can be hard though.There are loads of bugs, glitches and graphics are a bit grainy, BUT! if you can look passed all of this Early access game you will love this game too.Is it worth €30,-, that is all up to you. for me it was ;)"
76561198416926220,Recommended,529180,34884118,Posted: 11 September,all,FletchLVS,Still in Early Access so still building game. Great base to start with excited to see what they add in the future!!
,Not Recommended,529180,33924328,Posted: 31 July,all,#Guy,470 hours in the game and they wiped the servers loldont play too seriously if u try it.
76561197999909435,Not Recommended,529180,34096155,Posted: 7 August,all,Dan,"-This review is subject to change as the author is well aware the game is in Early Access.-This review was made from the experience of playing in a small clan of just 2 playersPlate Spinning SimulatorThe premise behind advancing in any MMO should be to secure a foundation, develop into mid-game then eventually branch out into advanced/end-game content. It is a basic system and different games go about achieving it in different ways. The one thing most MMOs have in common, is that once a secure foundation has been made, you need not be concerned with it anymore and can then purely focus on other aspects of what the game has to offer. Dark and Light, for most of the time, fails on this concept.Example: Creating Carnovire Feed (specific food for taming an animal)Carnivore Feed requires the following ingredients:x30 Cured meatx3 Fireblossomx3 Terraflowerx1 Acidic ExtractFireblossom requires a large farm plot.- A large farm plot will require 3-4 large bags of fertilizer in order to keep it sustained.- 1 large bag of fertilizer requires 50 rotten meat, 50 magic shards, 100 Charcoal and 500 grass- Kill animals for meat. Single click meat stack into 50 seperate stacks. Wait 9 minutes for them all to become rotten.- Use magic staff to extract magic shards (takes a few minutes, elven wheat field saves time)- Cut wood until you have 100 pieces, burn them in campfire until you have 100 charcoal- Cut grass on riverbank with sword.- Gather iron ingots from iron veins- Smelt iron in furnace- Repair sword with iron ingots.- Place all materials in composte bin and wait 5 minutes for 1 large fertilizer.Now, you need 3-4 large bags of fertilizerper large farm plot. You need a fireblossom, terraflower and thundergrass farmplot.Wait 6-8 hours for each plot to reach maximum production output (50 resources). Now it will consume minimum fertilizer and your plots will be secure.You should have 35+ fireblossoms, 35+ terraflowers and 35+ thundergrass.- Mine stone and sulphur from rocks- Grind the stone into quartz sand and sulphur into powder in a mortar and pestle- Make more charcoal by burning wood- Make empty bottles using quartz sand and sulphur powder , fill them with water- Use x4 thundergrass and sulphur power in a cooking pot to make x1 acidic extract (assuming you have around 25 thundergrass from your plot, you can make x9 acidic extracts)Make sure during this time you have around x5 meat racks. Kill enough animals to gather around 300 raw meat.Put 60 raw meat into each meat rack, add sulphur powder. Turn raw meat into Cured meat. It takes 5 minutes to turn one raw meat into Cured Meat.- Harvest x3 fireblossoms and x3 terraflowers, do not harvest more than x3, because the deterioration of a flower is 5 minutes. It takes 5 minutes to make x1 carnivore feed.- Place x3 fireblossoms and x3 terraflowers, 30 cured meat and x1 acidic extract into cooking pot and make x1 carnivore feed. Wait 5 minutes. Now you have x1 carnivore feed.- Harvest another x3 fireblossoms and x3 terraflowers, add to cooking pot with another x30 Cured Meat and acidic extract. Repeat until you have no more of one of the materials (you should be able to make 7-10 carnivore feed).Now, your x3 large farm plots will begin to consume fertilizer at a very fast rate. You will need to make fertilizer again (large bags if you are not active, medium bags if you play a lot). If you do not refertilize your plots, then they will die and you will need to reseed them (which takes about 6 hours).To tame a mid-level animal, you will need around 20-30 carnivore feed. Do the math.If you want your carnivore feed production to be efficient, you will need at least x4 fireblossom plots, x4 terraflower plots and x4 thundergrass plots. Do the math.Alternatively, you can buy x1 carnivore feed for 87 gold coins from the town vendor. You can also buy all the materials for gold coinsa) If you are on a populated server, you may find the vendors have ""sold-out"" return laterb) If you are on an unpopulated server, then you will need to grind donating gold until you unlock their sell listAlternatively, you can tame a mount using raw meat. You don't need to use carnivore feed; however, this will lengthen the taming duration by ALOT (literally hours).----------------------------Believe it or not, I don't mind the process so much, but as I stated in the beginning, I play with just one other player. It is a huge grind and plate spinning simulator. If either of us are offline for 1-2 days, then the farms will decay and the whole process needs to be started again. Carnvirore feed is not even end-game material... it is mid-level material.Iron hook arrows, which are used to tame high-level mounts, require x5 of a certain type of mushroom. You need a mushroom farm plot to spawn these. They are rare to spawn. I made x6 farm plots and after full growth (50 resources on each) which took about 6 hours, I had 13 of these mushrooms. Great.. I can make x2 iron hook arrows. Apparently it takes 200+ iron hook arrows to tame a dragon. (So buy them from the vendor in town 200 gold for one)----------------------------If you are in a large guild (5+ members), the game becomes so much less of a grind. It can be a thoroughly enjoyable experience. I do not recommend this game if you intend to play solo or with just one other friend. The early part will be very fun, mid-game and end game content will be a huge chore, grind fest and plate spinning simulator."
,Recommended,529180,34995601,Posted: 16 September,all,[-DegC-]Sharpica,"Great game , kinda like Ark prefer the leveling system here"
76561198118658206,Recommended,529180,34993369,Posted: 16 September,all,uomovero,Lets call it what we all know what it is ARK spin off made by snail games but honestly game has potencial but saddly i woudnt hope for anything that ark didnt have of course spell system is nice the engram getting allso uniqe but all in all woudnt buy for now wait until everything is done
,Recommended,529180,34988192,Posted: 15 September,all,tiffanieesaddiction,"i lost my water element due to a bug, it glitched in a rock or something cause now i cant find it now"
76561198197504866,Not Recommended,529180,34821306,Posted: 8 September,all,behnood,"Great potential but also great bugs, you may spend 5 hours for taming a high level mid tier beast and just see its gone missing the next day for no reason. taming is soooo bugged and time consuming right now and the whole game is having some major game-breaking bugs. This game could become one of the best in its genre but i cant recommend it at this stage at all; you may like the game in the fist few days of playing but you'll be left frustrated at how things are not working the way they have to and ultimately give up on the game. maybe in a year this title will become a must buy one, but not now."
76561198148574462,Recommended,529180,34145502,Posted: 10 August,all,ChanxThexMan,"I'm back and forth on Dark and Light because the game itself is amazing and definitely worth playing even with the game breaking bugs, but the devs sometimes don't quite understand that to make a game succeed, you must listen to the playerbase somewhat. I give it a thumbs up for being so fun and an amazing co-op game. It does have bugs that are pretty obnoxious at times, but it's pretty easy to brush them off if you're not quick to get hotheaded, and most things that you may lose, are easy to get back considering armor/weapons are easy to find and make. Tames die sometimes yes, but after a certain point you can just resurrect them. Great game, bad devs."
76561198124761608,Not Recommended,529180,34359139,Posted: 19 August,all,LaW_bs77,"This game is so far from ready. it lacks performance, content, the mechanics are far from playable. the idea of a medival pen & paper roleplaying game with three fractions can be somthing really great but now it´s just frustrating. Things in your house are disappearing right in front of you and they are gone for good. it´s the same with your tames....sometimes you can´t get on your flyer for no reason and you get killed because of the bad mecanics and 4 hour farming for nothing.i farmed 2 days just to get enough fertilizer and on the third day all of the two days work was gone for no reason out of a closed chest......it´s all day long working (farming is 80% of the game) for something and the game leaves you with nothing..just frustration.....I´ll try again 2018"
76561198020394483,Recommended,529180,35023441,Posted: 17 September,all,The Unity Beast,If you like ark and wanted to see a fantasy verision this is it. Its literraly the ark engine. I mean LITERALLY
76561198035063993,Recommended,529180,35015627,Posted: 16 September,all,FrozenInTime123 (Lone gamer),"It really feels like a historical place in another time that I'd like to lose myself in! I have high hopes for this game now and in the future! If I would like only one MMO to play this could be it since its so early in the development stages and I already like it. Future MMO. I also like that theres no fuss between choosing between Dark and Light magic, you can use both. I believe in this game the Dark magic is not automatically ""evil"" and Light magic is not automatically ""good"". I believe they have used a broader approach in this game and thats how its supposed to be. Fantasy world as its supposed to be. Its really up to you to choose your character. High hopes."
76561197993268419,Not Recommended,529180,33893622,Posted: 29 July,all,Crom,"Do not put your money to this. Wait for a long time after maybe 100 patchs goes throu then give it a shot.Lag, Server problems, Half your bace just gone, Falling throu the world. Just wait for a long long time."
,Recommended,529180,34255720,Posted: 15 August,all,Ambic,"In my opinion, this is a great game. Sure, there's some bugs, but the dev team is pretty active and working hard at correcting those issues. Don't buy this game if you're expecting a completely done game. This game is only 30% complete. Overall, the game is still playable, and it's a lot of fun. I run a private server along with a few other admins and a nice size pool of players. I can't wait for the next patch and the upcoming content. Kudos to Dark and Light!Update (9/19/17): I still feel the same way. After many more hours playing, I'm still hooked and love this game. The developers are getting better with communication and the optimization is a lot better than it once was."
,Recommended,529180,33885069,Posted: 29 July,all,War Boy,It took me about 650 hours until I was bored.Not bad for an early access game!
,Recommended,529180,33916745,Posted: 30 July,all,heh,"A word on this vs Citadel at the bottom of the review.TL;DR:Basically before putting your money in Snail Games' pockets, know what you're getting yourself into. This isn't by any means optimized or bug free. Hell no. That's what Early Access means. And no, you can't say that you've played other EA games and those were less glitchy. It's still EA. So regarding negative reviews posted by frustrated guys who got killed by some hyena or whatever, just ignore those. Of course it's damn frustrating and i get really mad as well, but this game is not even half damn finished. The goods overcome the bads. So you can just ignore the negative reviews who say the game runs very poorly and is full of bugs. Nugga i run this game on a Pentium and i get 50-70 fps.The best part of this game is the community. It's full of great people.If you have friends to play this game with, get it. If you don't, you'll learn to make new friends.When you're playing with someone, every frustrating bit of this game becomes a lot less frustrating.Overall remember it's still in early alpha and it's only 30% done. I just hope it won't die.This vs Citadel: I like this one more. It's more complex. You can do more things. I see Citadel as being a Rust with a magic and fantasy theme. You build bases, you raid bases. That's it. With this one i feel like there's more to do. I talked to other players and they felt the same way when choosing Dark and Light. Citadel is great and i'm planning on getting it too, but just not now."
,Recommended,529180,33705146,Posted: 21 July,all,Tbjbu2,"Ok, I wont lie, it feels like an ARK mod and by the looks of it it actually is basically an ARK mod (go to the content folder -> mods -> dark and light) and it would be better as a DLC for ARK, but I cant give it a negative review because I do enjoy it."
76561198326599118,Not Recommended,529180,34166193,Posted: 11 August,all,Primal,"For me this is an amazing game, I have enjoyed my time taming  many different animals and fighting off the undead including reapers!There is so much to do, Building a base. building turrets to keep it safe, contracting goblins to man the turrets.Forming alliances to keep your area peaceful against toxic players,Talking to random players you meet, and get to meet cool new people! or all kinds.Using magic is also Pretty sweet!If you enjoy Being a primal Monster Hunter this is a game for you!  10/10.The downsides at the moment are the collision mechanics,  Sometimes it takes allot longer for hits to register.and there is possibility of falling into Mountains from what looks to be solid ground, and you end up losing everything on you.Since this review they added many updates, With each one the game became more unbalanced,  and less enjoyable. They buffed structure hp, even wooden spikes which had a few thousand hp now have 1.5 million+ monsters do reduced damage to it. These devs are out of their mind. Avoid this game.  The dark wraiths which spawn from meteors were challenging but they decided to buff them by at least 500%+ They now one shot any player,  Their latest updates are despaning structures, Tamed monsters, Your loot in boxes. Even the map has become smaller which left bases floating in the air now. I loved the game but i feel like these devs are the ultimate griefers with their patches, So many people lost their bases because they added a timer to depswn your base if you are not online for a few days. And their latest ""update"" spawned panters in mass all over the map killing everything in sight, and earth elementals which used to be neurtal are now aggrssive.  TDRL: Devs Do not communicate with the community on steam. The do not warn of incoming updates. Each update is a balance disaster that despawns even your hard earned mythical monsters which takes days to find and tame."
,Recommended,529180,33687129,Posted: 20 July,all,MWMDragon,BAD REVIEW.... NOW A GOOD REVIEW!I've put a few hours into this game.. and yes it's buggy AF. I find I keep coming back to it.. to gamin skills and build my house and enjoy exploring. Now I want my friends to get it so we can enoy playing the game together PVE.*** Below is the old review ***Here is a video of this play session:https://youtu.be/Wv_ibxmufZAThis game could be cool after more development.. but right now it is truly early access.A 20 minute dragon flying loading screen on a current gen i7 with 32 GB Ram.The merchants don't really work when you want to sell stuff.The world is kind of bare.. my starting dwarf city was filled with a few gliding NPCs.. until their feet remembered how to walk.Some textures were just poorly UVMapped repeats.. see broken rocks in the video.I've never gotten into Ark.. but there is no need to compare or cry that it's Similar.Feels like a mix of Ark and Everquest lolNOT WORTH IT YET! BUT I can't wait until the year is up and it's something playable!PS. I only quit playing because it crashed!
76561197992691494,Recommended,529180,35469600,Posted: 4 October,all,Champ,Good game!Don't understand the hate.
76561198050354977,Recommended,529180,35470123,Posted: 4 October,all,GodsEmperor,K look i know this game has a long way to go belive me i would know and even if you dont belive me it is a good game you just need to deal with the fact that it is early accsess now i know it has bugs and for all thos winging kids out there ♥♥♥♥ off and play another game until this one is done... But as i was saying its a great game you need patience and a good group of friends.
76561198208049103,Recommended,529180,35473384,Posted: 4 October,all,Manderian,What can I say I'm hooked.. GREAT GAME and lots to come!
,Not Recommended,529180,35505273,Posted: 5 October,all,Microsoft PowerPoint,"Fix the fact that 95% of the time when you try to load into a game you're game freezes up at the loading screen, and then I'll reconsider my no vote."
76561198120338898,Not Recommended,529180,35502498,Posted: 5 October,all,andreatherock,"I would say this game is a 50/50 game.... It could end up great.... or it could end up bad...Right now it feels like it's in the very early stages of Alpha. To me there seems to be a huge lack of content and it's very unbalanced at this point. There aref high level monsters that are in or close to the starting area that are impossible to defeat.Stamina use in water is pretty nuts. I got stuck in the middle of the lake because I was fatigued but just being out there was draining my stamina and my bar wasn't filling back up again.... Only solution was to just drown in the murky depths of the virtually empty water. Couldn't even spend my last dying breath looking at fish!Another thing I noticed is that rain doesn't seem to recognize roofs... It goes right through them.That's not so important though. What is important is that after the first few quests I had zilch to do. Nada, zip, zero things aside from harvesting and getting weighed down so fast... Oh yeah, if you die, you come back in your clothes and then when you collect your items from your body, you get more clothes back. Seems a bit of overkill to me. Don't need extra clothes.There's a few more things I could point out, but the fact is that after a few hours of playing this... 3.9 hours, it says... Which I think is mostly loading times.... I can't say that I recommend this game at this point. It's so far from done... I can't even get a real feel as to how the game will shape up in the end. Honestly, I'd try for a refund on this one but I actually think I've owned it for too long... Oh well. Fingers crossed it will turn out to be eipc and my fears it will be cr@p are all for nothing. Here's hopin'."
