user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197995489881,Not Recommended,530070,32163424,Posted: 3 June,all,PaperTie,"Badly-optimized and almost no content in terms of equipment (3 locomotives), locations (1 map with essentially one boring run), or scenarios to complete. There is not even a way to set up a custom train with a start and end point."
,Recommended,530070,30547511,Posted: 16 March,all,Martinix,"These are my impressions after playing the game for a couple of hours.PROS-Updated graphicsThis is a major step up from the previous Train Simulator games, and makes other simulators look outdated next to it (on Ultra settings at least) with very high detail, great shadows, amazing reflections, high quality textures. It runs on the UNREAL ENGINE so what else were you expecting?-Highly detailed locomotivesCompared to previous version of Train Simulator, the three locomotives that come with this game are very highly detailed. Pretty much every button is pressable (they also do stuff), from the main switches to the fuses everything is useable, like we have been used to in flight sims for many years. This adds a great sense of depth to the game and shows that a lot of work and thinking has gone into its design.-Great physics engineThis might not sound like a very interesting feature, but it adds a whole other level of realism to the game. From the way, the train turns in a corner, to the way you first pull out with 100 wagons, to having manage your speed downhill with the 100 wagons behind you. A must for a good simulator.-Great menuI like the new layout of the main menu, it’s functional, simple and works well. I also like how you can just hop back in the train you were driving when you last quit the game and start from the last checkpoint.-Variable weatherThis is something that not many simulators get right. From the physics to the graphics to the level of customization, it is well integrated and is functional. Driving in a blizzard really changes the gameplay compared to just driving in sunshine. This is a huge improvement from the previous games’ glitchy rain and white fog.-First person immersionThe first-person view allows you to behave like a conductor/engineer which is great. From using the turn table to fueling the locomotives to walking around and just admiring your train, first-person view and movability adds another layer of immersion.-Mission type scenariosHaving a bit of role-play and voice-over, with fun bits of information or signaling exchanges just makes the scenarios more interesting and interactive.-Good lightingThis may not sound like a feature at all, but coming from the previous Train Simulators you will be delighted to know that the lights actually “light up things”.CONS-Low FPSI can play GTA V and Battlefield 1 on ultra/high settings at 1080p with ~60 FPS, so there should be no reason for getting 20-30 fps at high/ultra settings in this game. This is most likely due to the lack of optimization in the game, because lowering settings doesn’t even help reach 60 FPS. As it is a new game I will give it time and see if it gets better in the future. However low-end PCs beware, you will most likely struggle running the game.-Weird motion blurObjects in the distance seem to “blur out” rather than “fade out” which makes it seem like I have bad eyesight in the game. This is most likely due to rendering of distant objects, but hopefully this will get changed or made optional through settings.-Limited contentAlthough the current scenario pack and map will keep you occupied for a good while, there doesn’t seem to be much in the pipeline for future scenarios yet. Hopefully more content can be expected once third party developers jump on this.-Limited HUDWhile the HUD has been made simpler and more transparent, it lacks certain features that were in previous Train Simulator games that were useful like; the scenario checkpoint list, height/angulation level map and break position indicator (I find the gages and notifications a bit unclear). Also the signal/speed limit/objective indicators seem glitchy and too “in your face” rather than subtle.-Leveling systemThe XP based level systems seems like a glorified play-time indicator, as it has no real function as far as I am aware. Also, why do I have to type in all my information every time I start up the game?Things I’d like to see implemented in the future-MultiplayerI know that this is in the works and is coming soon, but really should have been implemented from the start.-Advanced tutorialsWhile the tutorials are good, they only cover the very basics. I would like to see more detailed tutorials of the individual locomotives (as they are not the same and are quite complex).-Advanced graphical optionsThe current list of options is very short with little customization, therefore it is harder to configure the game for optimal gameplay on lower end PCs.-Better signaling featuresIn the current game there is still very little communication in-between other AI and the signalers, would like to see more interactive features related to signaling in the future.BOTTOM LINETrain Sim World: CSX Heavy Haulis the “long-awaited” update and next generation platform for train simulation, with better graphics, physics and immersion. The current issues are mainly due to the platform being new, which holds great possibilities for future expansion, but currently suffers from issues in some of its areas. - 7/10Of course, this is just my opinion, feel free to try the game for yourself! [Written as of release date]UPDATEAfter a couple of weeks from the release I can say that the game is much better optimised, going from 10-20 FPS to above 30 FPS on Ultra. Some bugs still occur occasionally, and there is still a lot of space improvements, but promises a very positive future for Train Sim World. Now we just have to wait for new content and see it if it lives up to CSX Heavy Haul.Written as of 4/22/2017."
76561198059669805,Not Recommended,530070,30596812,Posted: 18 March,all,riccardochan,"It is a good game indeed. But I refunded after 2 hours of playing.I own 20+ DLC routes in TS2017, and never refunded any of those.My machine is i7-6700 CPU with 16GB of RAM, and a GTX1070 display card, the performace was not bad I think, at least, this CSX Heavy Haul was my 99th game in my Steam account, none of them was lagging, except this. But the lagging was still in acceptable level. (Resolution setting can help if you won't mind).For the game, me, as a real world Locomotive driver and maintainer working in Hong Kong for over 26 years, I think the physics of the game is not very perfect. The in-game Locos were too ""comfortable / smooth"" to ride, or in the other words, not ""bumpy"" enough to let you believe that you're running a Loco; you just ""sliding"" the Loco on a clean flat big tile. I know the bumpy effec was just an eye-candy, but it is very crucial to enhancing the game.The graphics and game-play were fantastic, but the sound effects were... ... well, not awful, but surely not rich, not complex enough to let me enjoy, especially the quaking sound while running on sharp turns or crossings. And the sounds were too similar among these types of Locos.To be frankly, excluding the sound effects and the eye candy, together excluding my extensive Loco driving experience, I will rate this game at 9/10. It do got a perfect body, but missing its soul."
76561198126075821,Not Recommended,530070,31693249,Posted: 11 May,all,century628,"When initially launched, I thought this might finally be 'the' ultimate train simulator. Unfortunately, DTG managed to botch their opportunity with the release of Train Sim World. I'm not even going to mention the FPS problems because they have already been hammered to death and there are many other problems detrimental to the game overall.Firstly, the physics frankly suck. The brake system is beyond wonky and the throttle system in the game is puzzling at best. As it stands, each notch only generates amps up until a certain speed. For example, if you put a locomotive in notch one, your amps would drop to 0 once you reached 10 mph. This is not how it works at all in real life and is a huge fail on DTG's part. The couplers, air brake and MU connections are also very dumbed down. MU connections hook up automatically along with air hoses, and angle♥♥♥♥♥ are not simulated on the rolling stock.Secondly, the sounds are atrocious. The GP38-2's 16-645E recording is probably the best of the three locomotives but they are still weak and the recording is poor overall. The SD40-2 sounds are a bit bizarre. They sound more like a rendition of a 710 prime mover rather than the 16-645E3 it should have. To top it all off, the AC4400CW sounds are the worst representation of any locomotive prime mover in the history of train simulators. Do you think the Kuju GEVO sounds from Railworks are bad? Well wait until you listen to TSW's AC4400CW. My vacuum cleaner sounds more accurate.Finally, the overall game play is just lacking. In all honesty, this game (I can't call it a simulator) is very incomplete. There is no editor, so you can't create scenarios or set up custom consists. This restricts you to the handful of scenarios included with the game. The scenarios are very poorly put together and do not really represent real world operations. Apparently you can receive track warrants in CTC territory now? Just goes to show that DTG still has no clue when it comes to U.S railroading operations. The service mode is kind of neat but also has its flaws. The trains are all restricted to their 'timetable' which really limits any sort of freedom in this mode. The walking, while kind of fun, gets old after a while and becomes annoying.In conclusion, this is just another big disappointment from DTG. In its current state, it is merely a rushed beta being offered for $40. If DTG actually improves this disaster in the future, then I would be happy to write a new review. However, I doubt they will and I do not recommend Train Sim World in its current state."
,Not Recommended,530070,30633480,Posted: 20 March,all,Apos,"Train Sim World®: CSX Heavy Haul is ""next-gen"" Train Simulator game based on Unreal Engine. It offers one track Sand Patch Grade in America and 3 (three) engines to play with.Pros:great graphics, models and detailsconfigurable weather, time and season conditionsfirst person perspective and freedom, as player you can walk and do whatever you liketrain cockpit interactivity, most switches, knobs and buttons work. It allows great interaction inside the cabinopen world feeling...Cons:...which seems to be static and empty or meaningless to a playerthere is no real reason to do missions. It lacks any sort management aspect that we could enjoy in Truck Simulator Series by SCS Software or story. You simply jump into the train and drive it. Completing assigments doesn't do anything to the world or game. All what you get is experience points......experience points that translates into meaningless levels. Those do nothing. Leveling system is implemented in ETS/ATS much betterthey also added collectibles... also pointless, but hey there is something to do when you walk around and ""enjoy"" 20-30 fps drops.lacking proper tutorials, those included cover only very basics of the game (you won't know how railwail signalling works, how to do cold and dark start etc)various bugs and some poorly implemented features make a feeling that game was rushed and released too earlyterrible performance, on very high end PC game on any graphic settings will bounce between 20 and 35 fpsvery little content: only one track, 3 train engines that are very similar to each other, small quantity of cargo to haul, no passanger transportation. In much cheaper game - ETS or ATS you get much more or similar quality.there are only promisses from developer to add missing features, fixes, etc No roadmap, update schedule, etcno mission edition, mod tools or any other features that would improve longevity of TSW, which means......there will be tons of paid DLC.expensive in some regions of the WorldTrain Sim World®: CSX Heavy Haul feels in current state like unfinished, rushed, poorly optimized tech demo with decent quality models and texture work, but very little content, missing features and opportunity to make great game with Unreal Engine. TSW is more a platform for upcoming paid DLCs than actual, fully developed game.Do not recommend.Wait year or two before buying this. I will re-visit this review if something improves.Get Euro Truck Simulator or American Truck Simulator instead."
,Not Recommended,530070,30785657,Posted: 27 March,all,Garbage Day!,"I've spent over 20 hours in this game as someone who played the previous Train Sim games, and I cannot steer people away from this game with enough caution.  This release would have been slightly embarassing as an early release alpha, must less the actual release that was pushed.  I have no idea how a tiny studio like Dovetail pushes a release out that was obviously rushed, unfinished, and untested.- Performance is awful.  Every other review covered this.  I have a top of the line machine and frequently drop below 20 fps.- The tutorials do not cover 10% of the game mechanics.  Already know about all of the signal types, aspects, brake systems, hill starts, switching?  Great!  If not, good luck!  There is no info provided in game or in the manual.- The scenarios are very small in number and all broken.  Switches will fail to switch, leaving you saving and loading repeatedly in hopes that they fix themselves.  Sometimes they do, sometimes they never will.- The scenario designers decided that having the player walk for over a mile in real time is a fun and rewarding game play experience.. multiple times.  I think the real world probably has trucks or more than one employee at the yard, but what do I know?- Saving and loading is 100% broken and should never be used.  Loading a saved game means sound will broken, the alerter will trip, automatic switches will never switch, and signals will be at danger for no reason and refuse passage.  Opening windows will mute the outside sound and closing them will make it sound like you are outside.  I got stuck in the roof once when I dared to save and load.- It has crashed a few times.- I have derailed while following all signals and speed limits, instantly failing a multiple hour mission.- The manual goes into detail about the alerter system, which is quite odd because it is entirely broken in game.  No one at Dovetail even tried it before release.- There is a leveling system.. sort of.  You gain levels.  What do they do?  Precisely nothing!- There is a collectable system.. sort of.  They are randomly and idiodically placed with no hints or map, and guess what they do.  Nothing!All that said, if you are a very patient train nerd who has played multiple train sim games in the past, it's pretty when it works!"
,Recommended,530070,30564762,Posted: 17 March,all,Viruses Loading™,"IntroductionWhen I first saw this game I freaked out at how much better this game was than the old, outdated ""Railworks"" Train Simulators (Formerly TS2017). The game looks amazing and the simulation overall is a great improvement over Train Simulator 2017. TS2012 or ""Railworks 3"" was the first ever Steam game that I bought and thought it was amazing. This product also is to, but with some major downsides. Now it's quite early for me to review... Well since the game isn't even a day old, but I will tell you what to expect.--------------------------------------------------------------The PositivesNow, there are fairly a number of positive factors here, as I'll try to do my best to list as many as I can. The game is fairly new, so these things are subject to change as updates are passed along. Other than that here's the positives:The graphics on this game are amazing, and will definitely stun you. Every object is 3D,inclunding the rails, ballast, trees/foliage. You look at the sky, and see how dynamic the clouds are. You see the detail of everything, and it almost feels real. A great improvement over the previous Train Simulator Dovetail made. Plus DX11 and UE4 really show how great this game has become graphicallyAbout 95% of all content in the locomotives is switchable, and will do something. You can touch virtually everything in the locomotives and it will do something. The radios work, the back panels work, and even the doors on the side of the locomotive work. The process of starting an engine, is not as easy as pressing a button, it will amaze you how much you can do inside the locomotives.It's first person, giving a realistic experience, and the world NEAR the tracks in all explorable. You can do many different things like walk around, or do what you want with the train, or just watch the other trains go by as you wait for yourself to go and drive again. You can even look around the locomotives and see how great they look and also play around with it.Interactivity in this game is great, not only with Locomotives, but with train cars too. You can go to different cars and uncouple and unhook the air hoses, and even if you want... stand on the cars or turn on the handbrake.Very realistic to the real deal, including; Realistic Signaling, Emergency Braking, Starting and Shutting Down Locomotives, Realistic Air Brake Management, and Great Physics.Only one map, yet it's a very large map. It has many differen't places you can stop at and explore, even with hidden things like posters, hard hats, and a couple others. At anytime when the train is stopped, you can hop off and do what your little heart desires.Good weather customization. Some people would say that it is limited, but compared to TS 2017, the weather is alot better than what is was. You can customize it yourself, or even choose from different presets that randomize it. The weather in the game looks amazing and will stun you at how big the improvement is over the last Train Simulator.Gameplay is great for this type of simulation.Very well detailed objects such as Locomotives, Train Cars, and Foilage. If you look, you can see how clear the textures look and even on metal surfaces, see the reflection of nearby objects. In rain, the lights reflect against the ground and looks great.--------------------------------------------------------------The NegativesThe game is great in many ways, although the game struggles badly in these areas. Like said before, since this is a new game, this is all subject to change. Although these are big stuggles, they don't ruin the game to where I wouldn't recommend buying it, unless you are avid about how many frames per second you have, and how the graphics look in the game. Here are the negatives, or the cons:Framerate of the game is horrible due to horrid optimization. This is common among all systems whether you have a Titan X or a RX 460. This will not be resolved until heavy optimization is but into the game's code. I run an RX 470 with a i5-6500, and will get 17-33 FPS on medium settings. Usually the card can do high/ultra depending on the game at 60+FPS.The tutorials aren't fairly detailed, and there are quite a bit less than I expected for a Train Simulator this intriquite. They do help you on getting started in the game, but they don't tech more complicated things like signalling and/or doing work like loading cars full of resources.Limited content is a biggie for this game. Now since this game just came out, don't expect too much, but they've should've added more cars and also a couple more locomotives. Paying 31.99 (Or 39.99 if you don't have the discounts.) I expect more content to be added into the game when it was going to be released out to the public. Although, this will eventually change, and more content will be added.Experience system and customization isn't as great as is should be. What the XP system should've been is to be used as a experience counter to unlock new locomotives, starting out from the most basic locomotives, to driving the huge AC models. Customization of characters and trains should've been better with changing the facial features or outfits, and changing the paint schemes of locomotives.Lastly, the HUD. I like the more simplistic look of the HUD, but it feels too cut down and a little clunky. I like that it shows the air pressure and the upcoming speed limits/signals, but in some ways Train Simulator's HUD felt a little better and made it easier for new users to do what they needed to do during a scenario/tutorial.--------------------------------------------------------------Conclusion / My ThoughtsOverall, TSW is a great game is most cases. The realism factor is alot better, physics are way better, and the graphics are a definite improvement of Train Simulator. Dovetail redesigned the game from the bottom, up and did a great job doing so. Now performance is fairly bad for a newly released game, and shows no difference from the BETA, but I would come to conclusions and never by the game. Just wait. This game has been awaited for a while, and shows how much better Dovetail could do. You're probably asking... ""Is it worth it?"" Well, I'd say yes and no. The performance really kills the gameplay and makes the experience unplayable, but if you didn't count them in. This would be a definite 10/10 for simulation. I'd like to see not only improvements and optimizations, but I'd like to see new features such as Multiplayer like Trainz, more tutorials, a better reward system, a career mode, and definitely Steam Workshop support. But for now I give this game a solid 6.5/10.--------------------------------------------------------------NOTE:This rating and review is subject to change, and will be in the future when the game is updated. This is just my opinion, and you have the right to dislike it. Try it out, and see how you feel about it, as I'm just giving you what to and not to expect."
76561198007338209,Not Recommended,530070,32354705,Posted: 11 June,all,Fishey,"Wow dissapointment is the best way to describe this release. Its been hammered to death with other reviewers so I'll take a slightly different approach. If you use the word Sim, Simulation, Simulator etc... Then live up to it. Train Simulator 20xx is not in the ballpark and once I got past it I enjoy it for what it is. Train Sim World was suppose to be the next step and I was excited but opening of doors and windows doesn't make this a simulator. If the title was Train Sim window & door operations I would definitly give it a 5 star review, well 4, always room for improvment!Basic gripes has anyone from Dovetail ever heard a Diesel airhorn? Seriously the airhorn sounds are so bad it even made my wife chuckle. The MFD is used for numerous different tasks and allows the engineer to monitor various systems, hence all the buttons on them! Since nothing is really simulated problems or otherwise, air leaks hot boxes etc... have no reason to come up on the MFD. I would think since the physics are so poor it would be hard to Sim many of the problems a real engineer faces so its a moot point. If DT did go the window & door route they could have had ice build up and window jams could have appeared on the MFD!I enjoy the train hobby in different scales and on CPU's so I'll hold on and hope for the best. Overtime I accepted what TS was and get enjoyment from it I'm sure I'll either grow into what TSW is or maybe it will improve. Either way please stop using words that you cant live up to in your titles, honestly its not too complex a system to begin with and its on rails! So what is going on over there? For now fix the airhorns, the ladies are laughing at you.Simulationnoun""the representation of the behavior or characteristics of one system through the use of another system, especially a computer program designed for the purpose."""
76561197971721678,Not Recommended,530070,32119302,Posted: 1 June,all,Tokeyo,I purchased this game thinking it was going to run as smooth as TS2017.  This game runs very slow and updates are being released at a slow pace.  The latest update notes says that future updates are now going to be slowed which is disappointing.  I really want to like this game however I cannot get more than 13 fps because of the AI/Physics models.  I wish that an option to turn off dynamic lighting was added to help increase performance on slower computers but it does not exist.  I beleive this game was released too early and those that have purchased it are now being used as beta testers to tweak the end product.  I tried to get a refund but Steam said  had played the game too much to receive a refund.
,Not Recommended,530070,30615861,Posted: 19 March,all,Luderich,"""/Train Sim World/WindowsNoEditor/TS2Prototype.exe"" Yep, it's called a Prototype in the files, pretty much sums up the experience."
76561198032512017,Not Recommended,530070,30658055,Posted: 21 March,all,WelshWooper,"Framerates are extreamly poor. Even at 720p and minimum settings I get 15-20FPS in the yard and the same for max at 1080p. I'm using an 8350 and a 970 and neither go beond 50% usage. DTG get your act together, stop worrying about the content, features, etc and start sorting the core game out!"
76561198060437106,Not Recommended,530070,30546231,Posted: 16 March,all,TM,"Very low fps with a gtx 1060 and i7 6700. They did almost nothing to optimize the game since beta, if you struggled during the beta do not buy this. already put in refund request"
76561197970634103,Not Recommended,530070,30883912,Posted: 1 April,all,CS_VMD,"Eye candy without basic simulationThe game looks good. That is the only part of which I can say I like.The simulation part is where this piece of software fails big time. Physics are plain wrong. Braking does not work as it should on a North American train. Now, one might glance over it by saying this is a game after all, but what if Microsoft models the autopilot wrong in Flight Sim X?Throttle is completely wrong in any aspect - and - kills a lot of the train feeling. The game somehow limits the speed for each throttle setting. First notch will reach 10 mph only. Your locomotive/train will not accelerate any faster until you push the throttle lever to the next notch - this will get you roughly 20 mph and so on and on. Anyone with basic knowledge of these kinds of locomotives (diesel electric) know this is a shockingly incorrect implementation. It baffles me how the company behind this game could louse the basics up that much... Maintaining your train speed is therefore not really necessary as your locomotive will hold its speed like a DCC model train.Coasting on a flat part of the route with the throttle set to idle. Now power up a notch or two. Nothing happens: The train still loses speed. The amp meter displays zero amps, because the simulation refers to the modelled speed steps - which is an inaccurate way of modelling the throttle behaviour. Throttle up to notch four. Still zero amps and the train continues to slow down, because it is still faster then the speed setting of notch four. Notch five: Suddenly the amp meter jumps into action and the train accelarates, but only until it reaches the next ridiculous speed step and the amp meter drops to zero again...Missing consequences of any kind, except derailing the train on the turntable or a switch, underline the problem of this game. Accelarating carefully in order to manage slack action without braking couplers? Not necessary. Derailing a train because it's going down the hill way to fast? Nope. Just let it roll and enjoy the passing landscape...Low frame rates being criticised everywhere on the web are not the primary issue with this simulation game!Sounds are average. The locomotive's prime mover have way to much fan noise mixed into it, so it feels like sitting on a vacuum cleaner.Prototypical SD40-2 reving sounds as an example:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cIpHWUFu-GoThe GE prime mover pulses in a weird way when reving.The horn sounds are pathetic. The loop is fine, but the horn ends like someone pulled the plug on your speaker system. While Lionel even managed to add different levels for their model train whistle to make it quillable DTG even manages to use a bad sound sample for it.For an example this herehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prLaPeGZBPASome sounds are too quiet, so you barely hear air purges or the compressor.Cab sway or head sway is missing big time. Moving the heavy machines is missing the hefty feeling despite the graphics, reflections and other effects.How it should feel and sound (without the camera vibration of course):https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BRTJfRExvA&list=PLr6QSFMSPToWH6z0XNidDVTh4Rapk4cUlScenarios are limited and mostly end on an unplanned red signal light you can't ask to pass or even a stalemate when an AI controlled train occupies the same track and patiently waits on the other side of the upcoming signal -> <- Awesome way of ending a 40 min ride...You cannot edit (or create) consists, you cannot create a route, you are stuck with 3 contemporary locomotives sharing one color scheme. The route is quite short and only features rural landscaping - thankfully, as the frame rates would drop to single digits when coasting through a big city.Other minor problems: What is it with the whitish exhaust? Is the diesel burning coolant? And why does it clip through bridges? Why can't I see the signal aspects until I am very close? Lights in general tend to show up way to close.Coming from MSTS and Trainz (and having created a lot of content for the latter) this game feels like a proof of concept or early access at best. I was hoping for a kind of train sim like FSX was for planes - good basics with an open structure to be improved by third party developers. It currently looks like Train Sim World was a money grab being sent to a dead track from the start on."
76561198374306182,Not Recommended,530070,30673100,Posted: 22 March,all,simrunner,"Stay away for now. It has the potential to be good, but it is not right now.For 30 bucks you get a piece of software, where the track is a mere 50 miles or so, trains interior stays fully lit in tunnels as if still outside, mirrors do not reflect anything and at least in my case I have to turn down the graphics to worse than ts 2017 to get the same fps. On a GTX 980. And the manual is not even complete, no signalling guide, nothing.For real DTG has taken the cake on this one. If it had been some indie studios first time early access, maybe... but this is garbage in its current state.This needs fixing asap, before the next DLC is in the store"
76561198053233500,Not Recommended,530070,30574872,Posted: 17 March,all,psihala,"A bit of a disclaimer:First, I pre-ordered this game knowing full well that my PC's specs (particularly the graphics card) were below minimum. So, I won't be commenting on the graphics or FPS as they've been, er, 'well documented' elsewhere - and anything I might say about the game is written with those limitations in mind. That being said, it ran - a little choppy maybe, but it ran with no crashes or other major issues.Second, I put a couple thousand hours of time into TS 20xx, so comparisons are almost inevitable. There are quite a few similarities, and quite a bit that's different, but the observations that follow assume some familiarity with the previous versions of Train Simulator.With that out of the way, my impressions of the game are decidedly mixed. There is just one railroad and one route. There are only a handful of scenarios. There is currently no workshop support and no world editor. There is also no DLC at present (I'm sure we won't have to wait long for THAT), and while 'Service Mode' is interesting, it really isn't enough to sustain that interest for very long.The manual has useful information about the locomotive start and MU procedures, but lacks even a basic labeled layout of the control stand, panels, dials, switches and levers. The brake(s), reverser, and throttle are covered in the tutorials multiple times, but if there's a way to operate the windshield wipers on the SD40-2 or GP38-2 other than manually, I've yet to find it.[The controls are above the engineer's side window, partially hidden behind the sun visor.]If you're tired of the Alerter going off, it can be shut off either by flipping the appropriate breaker behind the wall panel, or via a keyboard command... just remember to shut it off on ALL the locomotives.The UI is cleaner, though not necessarily better. The keyboard commands appear to be the same, which helps if you're used to driving that way, but keys can't be rebound. There's no profile track view showing grades and approaching signals. The grade is indicated with a little icon in the UI. There are a number of options that can be set in the game settings menu, like turning the destination markers, speed limit changes, and approaching signals  on and off. My biggest complaint with the new markers is that they block your view of things like grade crossings and approaching trains. Not a biggie, just an annoyance.Sand Patch in real life is a great place to railfan, and while I appreciate that replicating it in a sim has its limitations, other sims do details like towns better. The towns and cities in TSW are as lifeless and empty as they were in TS 20xx. There's very little in the way of car traffic on the roads next to the rails, and pedestrians are scarce. Both the moving cars and the people lurk behind the invisible walls. They don't venture in, and you can't venture out.The chase camera will still pass through some objects, such as highway bridges and tree leaves, but it will not pass through signal masts, other trains, and buildings along the track. The ""cinematic"" camera appears to have been eliminated along with the engineer outside window and brakeman/conductor outside window view cams. In fact, there are just four keys (1-3 and 8) assigned for camera placement. Multiple presses of the '2' and '3' keys moves the camera between front and back, while '8' is still the freecam.[Cycling through the '<-' and '->' arrow keys while in driving mode will eventually bring up the side cams.]The train physics seem better in TSW than in TS 20xx, but for some reason the Amps don't show up on the UI on some locomotives, and there's no variation in the train horns on the different locomotives. On the two similar EMD models, I might understand, but the horns on an EMD don't usually sound like those on a GE locomotive.There's no sense of having to make time in the scenarios that I played, so there's no longer a feeling like you have to go xx.9 MPH to make the schedule. There is also no flashing ""Speeding"" warning when exceeding the speed limit. The speed indicator on the UI turns yellow when at or exceeding the speed limit. If speeding (or the red 'target' indicator when walking on the tracks, for that matter) affects a score somewhere, it isn't obvious.  No summary page will appear at the end of the scenario to admonish you for exceeding the speed limit or passenger/frieght comfort 0.00004% of the time. As long as I completed every objective, it didn't seem to affect the displayed score much if it took me five minutes to complete or if I left the scenario running while I went to get dinner.One large annoyance is the 2D map. There are two ways to get to the map: the way that almost everyone is going to discover first and the one that isn't. The difference is what it does depending on how it's accessed.First way: Using the 'ESC' key. Finding the map is easy using this method - it's got a nice little icon that is labeled 'MAP'. It shows you your position and the layout of the route just as the old 2D map in TS 20xx did.Second way: Using the '9' key. It's the same map and shows the same information. The difference is using 'ESC' pauses the game so clicking on the switches won't do anything, while using '9' won't pause the game and will allow you to throw the switches without leaving the locomotive.Still, trying to figure out your path in a large yard TS 20xx was challenging enough even with the blue path indicator, but at least the position of the switches was fairly clear. That's not the case in TSM. The switches are only a little darker than the track. There are blue paths but finding your route isn't clear.Walking around in a Sim is almost a given these days to some extent, but while it has its merits in TSW (finding collectables isn't one of them), I'm not a big fan of it here. The CSX is a large, class I railroad, and the ""one-man"" operation of TSW just feels wrong. Engineers aren't expected to get off the loco, walk and operate all their own switches, and certainly not in a large yard or major terminal. Engineers that do have to do this are usually equipped with remote control units to operate the locos from the ground. They probably aren't going to be asked to walk from one end of a train to another to cut off locos on the other end. That's usually the job of the conductor and/or brakeman.None of this is to say the game's operational detail doesn't provide some interest. The most enjoyable moment I've had yet in this game was due to an inadvertant shutdown of my loco (cats and keyboards don't mix well). I was 200 yards from my objective after a two hour run to the summit and, not willing to abort the scenario so close to the goal, I had to figure out why after restarting the loco the engines wouldn't move. I actually felt like a real engineer for a change, having to troubleshoot a problem on the road and eventually got the train to it's destination. That isn't something I've encountered in a simulation other than Flight Simulator before.Overall, TSW will feel familiar to anyone whose played TS 20xx for awhile. I'll probably still enjoy it, but I still can't recommend it in its current state. What should have been a big leap forward, a chance to rebuild TS from the ground up, feels like a baby step. For all the gizmos, breakers, and levers that can be operated and the ability to explore, it still feels like its lacking - like there's less to do despite having more stuff to play with. It shows a lot of potential, and I'm sure there will be more to come as the game developes, but as it stands now, with just one playground to play in, the game will show you just about all it has to offer over the course of just a few days with few real reasons to keep coming back for more."
76561197971086258,Not Recommended,530070,31265290,Posted: 20 April,all,sundaystorm,"Like others have said, this game is not ready for release. I don't want to be alltogether negative, because this product has great potential and I have enjoyed playing it insofar as the concept goes.  I just wish they would have fixed some fundamental problems that should have been corrected long before exposing the game to the public.  The problems are so obvious that no tester, much less the development team, wouldn't have noticed them. Why weren't they corrected?  There seem to be some serious problems with the management/marketing/development teams at DTG.  They seem to be looking for a fast buck regardless of the reputation damage it does to the company in the long run.  This isn't the first DTG product I've been disappointed in, and I think I will steer clear of them until they get their act together, if ever.Short list of things that bother me about this release:1. Crappy graphics: I have games for half the price with much better scenery.  The trees, bushes, buildings, etc all look like 10 year old graphics technology.2. Horrible frame rate: Seems to be CPU bound.  I have a not-so-hot CPU but a decent graphics card and get 50-60fps in other more graphically appealing games, but rarely get over 20fps in this game.  Did they outsource development to people with no regard or knowledge of optimization?3. No free roam:  You're limited to scripted content (scnenarios, tutorials, services).4. Bugs (obvious ones that should have been caught and corrected before release) - a couple of examples: Can't finish some scenarios if you do something out of order of what the scripting is expecting. UI indicates a certain track speed limit ahead, but when you reach the marker, the actual track speed limit does not match.  Distance markers on the HUD seem to be straight line distance rather than track distance.5. Poor audio.6. Long loading time (which might be okay if the other problems didn't exist)."
,Not Recommended,530070,32705562,Posted: 23 June,all,Rocket Man,"This is a full release that should be treated as an Early Access game. The game is still unoptimised (my PC specs are in my profile) and I'm running on average 25-40fps. There is 1 map, with 3 trains. You can't create your own scenarios, you can't even create your own consists. Another thing, with the only route being a freight route you have limited scope. Once you've driven the route, you've driven it. There is very little replayability and unless you're into North American Freight Operations this really isn't a good start.For the fact that this game feels like an Early Access title I can't recommend it. The game is being built on the premise of new features upcoming in the future, but there's been nothing about these new features. In fact, the only news is that we got some new skins, and they have tried to improve performance (lol, they haven't). The fact that there is zero replayability is another issue. My favourite route from Train Simulator is South London Network simply for the fact it had both Metro operations, longer distance operations, and freight operations. There is loads to do, and loads of replayability. With Train Sim World once you've done the route once, there's zero reason to go back to it. I'm also 99.9% sure that Dovetail Games like to ignore their testers, but I'll keep that to myself for now :)If this was in Early Access would I recommend it? Yes, if you're into American Freight and don't mind a poor frame rate - the game looks nice, and the features are nice -, but otherwise no"
76561198060293317,Not Recommended,530070,30560746,Posted: 16 March,all,jdk2,"Awful performance, lags and stutters throughout the game.  Far too much hype/marketing from DTG for a game in this condition.Best option at this point would be to wait for further development and hope DTG actually updates it in a more timely fashion than they have with previous titles, where updates are promised but never seem to materialize."
,Not Recommended,530070,30634361,Posted: 20 March,all,StandingCow,"Will eventually be good, right now it is very buggy.  FPS drops to the teens on my 1080TI when another train or two pass by.  Any time you exit you have to ctrl+alt+delete to kill the steam process.... ugh.Clearly wasn't ready for release.   Don't recommend yet.  Will change my review when they fix all this.Edit April 20th:The ctrl alt delete issue has been fixed, not sure about the fps issues yet, it's supposed to be better though."
76561198230177148,Not Recommended,530070,33500480,Posted: 13 July,all,The Viking,"I slowly couple to the rest of the wagons behind me. Not faster than 3 km/h, being careful...I brake the engine as soon as I touch the rest of the consist, wait till the whole thing stops, descends from the main engine and go uncouple it from the consist....and then I get a game over for derailment, because physics. No big deal, just two hours lost doing nothing, really. Gotta start from zero again.The game runs on 1 F*CKING CORE (i7-6700K). 2017, everybody, 2017. You can't stream videos from Steam, can't do much else, and have to live with horrible framerates, wondering whether this is Train Simulator or a different game.1 route with 1 engine (ok, 3 engines, but they are all the same, just different skins, because the physics are all the same). 29.99€. Horrible optimization. No extra content, just the same tasks, the same route all the time.All this signed ""Dovetail"". A company that wants to associate their name with the word ""simulation"", but, so far, have only managed to associate it with ""broken games"" and ""money grabbing"".Basically, stay away from this piece of sh*t of game.EDIT: After some patches and moving from the i7-6700K to the R7 1800X, I can now render/compress in the background while playing TSW (with low framerates, obviously, but when 90% of your CPU is being hamered by the rest of the software, you can't do much else)."
76561198173976591,Not Recommended,530070,30626920,Posted: 19 March,all,DansterQc,"*See my PC specs at end of my review*Short version:-Don't buy now. Wait a few weeks for the product to develop and/or bugs to ironed out.-Limited gameplay. 1 route, 3 locos.+Graphics and immersion are amazing compared to TS+Promising futureDetailed version: Experienced so far-Cons--Incomplete tutorials; Nothing on dynamic braking, cold start or multiple units operations.-Random Unreal Engine crashes.-Login never registered; Have to type email and password everytime your start the game.-Saved game bugged rendering the use of your save (just 1) worthless; Next stopping point in scenario isn't at correct emplacement, marker just follows your loco AND/OR brakes are fully applied and grind you to a halt.)-Sun reflects in windshield even though it's at your 7 o'clock and can't possibly be seen thru the steel of your loco. Same with passing AI's headlights. (have screenshot)-Sounds don't always reset depending on where you stand/sit; When jumping from engineer's seat to an outside view (key 2 or 3) and returning to cabin (key 1), engine volume stays at outside level. Your have to walk out the cabin and walk back in and close the door to reset to normal.-GP38-2's dynamic braking is bugged; Mostly useless till level 6, 7-8 are often too much. Registers as power on gauge and not brake as HUD shows 0 amp. (have screeshot)-Physics bugged; When parking a string of wagons on downward incline, last wagon stays still but the next 7-10 wagons warp and slam each other triggering awful noise. Hoses between wagons stretch to the moon on occasions. (have screenshot)-Some options not registered; Screenshot quality reverts to normal even after applying Ultra setting. Foliage setting reverts to High after applying Ultra. Same with Shadow setting.-FPS drops/Screen freeze/Caps; Dips below 10 fps frequently when loading scenery tiles, it seems. Caps at around 62-63 fps no matter the graphics setting.-Exhaust smoke doesn't always show; 2 locos pulling hard, outside view, 1st smokes 2nd doesn't, take screenshot, 2nd starts to smoke... Weird.-Train glows in the dark lol; When going thru a tunnel sun still shines on train and tracks but it's pitch dark in there...+Pros++Amazing graphics; Scenery, locos, wagons, everything looks great :)+Very detailed locos; Switches, doors, systems, lighting, just wow :)+Ability to walk/run around; Could use a quick travel feature for when you have to get to other end of a mile long train but still...+Very promising future; Great base to build on. Can't wait for DLC's.PC specs:i7-4790K OC'd @ 4.7Ghz32 Gigs Corsair Vengeance Pro DDR3 1600Mhz RAMEVGA GeForce 980ti Hybrid OC'd  (378.49 Driver)Samsung 850 Pro 256Gigs SSD (Windows 10 Home, TS2017 & TSW)Western Digital Black 2TB HDD (All other games)Gigabyte GA-Z97X-Gaming 7 MBCorsair RM750i PSUCorsair H100i GTX CPU CoolerASUS ROG PG279Q 2560x1440 @165Hz Monitor"
,Not Recommended,530070,30649285,Posted: 21 March,all,leyland1195,"Unfortunately i have had to refund the game due to the performance even though i am past the recommended specs it does lag when going past AI or at the yard unless putting settings onto ""Low"" which then makes the game look quite bad compared to the screenshots which the game shows off , I will buy this once the performance patch it rolled out or even then i might just wait for some DLC then buy it because to be honest this does become boring of driving on the american railroad after doing the scenarios as its the same after 2 days of playing im sorry DTG just there is no way i can keep this game and lose £25 just for a bad performing game , cant wait to see it with better performance and some DLC but until then , Goodluck and all the best!"
76561198022156828,Not Recommended,530070,30652962,Posted: 21 March,all,Train-man,So far spent 4 days and have not seen any Train Sim. All I get is Direct runtime errorsNobody can fix so just a waste of money
,Not Recommended,530070,33744898,Posted: 23 July,all,[BoTM] Anorax,TSW in its current state gets a 6/10. The simulation and mechanics of the trains can't be faulted and I do like how it concentrates on the finer details of running a large diesel engined train. I like how you can walk around the trains and decouple carriages etc. The graphics and sound effects are gorgeous.It seems like a lot is missing though to take advantage of the new detail levels of the trains in this simulation.Some big negatives unless I am missing something do the devs really expect me to get out of the train and try and work out the correct signals to change when switching tracks? Where is the map overview? Or why do you have missions where I have to walk over a 1000 metres of the entire train length just to move to the next stage? Grognards might love this but if you want to appeal to a larger audience the majority of people will see this as a tedious exercise in frustration and stop playing the sim.IMO it would have scraped in with a thumbs up but but I find it puzzling and disappointing Dovetail is already selling an addon for a game that seems barely out of the alpha stage. That smacks of greed especially considering the core game is US$40 and only contains one track!I can see a good future for this title but I must give it a thumbs down as I do not believe it represents good value in its current state. My advice to any buyers considering this is to wait until more content is added - preferrably without being a paid addon.EDIT: I am more than willing to change this to a thumbs up if and when Dovetail adds some more meat to the sim and maybe re-lists it as an early access product. The core of the game is solid but it needs more.
,Not Recommended,530070,30914994,Posted: 2 April,all,Outshined,"What happened Dovetail?After releasing this title you need to rename your studio to ""Skidmarks"" or ""Roadapples"". I have never been so compelled to write a review as I have after playing this turd. I'm generally a pretty forgiving gamer but this it just unaccpetable.If I could just have half the framerates you show in your trailer I'd be content. I don't have a top-end machine but I would expect a 3.7Ghz machine with a GTX 960 and with details set to low I'd get better than 10 frames per second.After reading the reviews I thought well it can't be THAT bad. I guess the joke's on me because it's actually worse. I'm quite surprised I've actually logged 10 hours on this thing. I guess part of me kept hoping that this train wreck would get better but it never did. It's a shame because I really had high hopes for this one.If the framerate didn't equal a slide show I wouldn't care that some of the scenerios are terrible. Like walking for a mile or two after coupling two locomotives to get to the lead engine. What? How is that fun? This is a train sim not a walking sim. I could go on about what a turd this title is but why bother. There's absolutely no way I can reccomend this sim in its current state. And even if you fix the framerates a number of the scenerios need to be reworked too."
76561198057035592,Not Recommended,530070,31981052,Posted: 26 May,all,Benjamin Linus,"Hello, ive been an avid player of this developers TS series. Ive bought this game twice and refunded it twice. I will give you my reason on why to stay as far away from this game as possible.From a gameplay stand point it is unplayble. My system is a 1080ti Oc with a 4790k OC and 16Gb ram at 2366mhz. game was installed on and samsung SSD. what you will find odd about this game is the settings none of them seem to work and when you change from med to high or ultra you cannot see the difference in the quality of the game. The fps is a mess i cannot maintain a stable 30 fps or anything above that for this matter. After almost 5 patches geared towards trying to get this game runing right it is still a mess. From my stand point instead of optimising the game itself they are lowering the quality of the textures and effects which is in turn making this game look and run terrible even when you have settings on ultra. ive only had about 16 minutes on this game becuase anything more then that is painful for my eyes to even try and play. Stick with Ts 2017 for now. its a more polished simulator then this poor excuse of a next gen simulator."
76561198019188136,Not Recommended,530070,30546795,Posted: 16 March,all,Leopard26,"i7 6700kgtx 106016gb ramthe game runs awful.I can play gta 5 60 fps in ultra but when I look to the buildings, fps goes under 25.lack of content,no editor,just one route,terribly optimised,and trees look really awful in long distance.(if we even say terribly optimised, it would be very optimistic for this one.Actually, there is no optimisation.)the things need to make this game better is:free mod support,huge update for optimisation and long distance drawing,an useful editor,free dlc's.when this company provide this, I will change my opinion.But we are talking dovetail games here.So it wont happen :)Update:DTG suprised me, new update fixed perfomance a bit but still not enough."
,Not Recommended,530070,30650318,Posted: 21 March,all,Appear,"The game is unfinished, the idea is good but it lack so much and there are loads of glitches & bugs. Feels like a old version of train simulator with a option to walk around in first-person, but that's about it. I doubt they gonna bother fixing this game up, rip green paper."
,Not Recommended,530070,31650935,Posted: 9 May,all,Traxx186,"When I heard that DTG was making a new Train Simulator. I was really looking forward to it.But when the beta was out there were alot of problems with the game. Mainly the bad FPS and optimisation. Alot of people complained about that.Then the game was released to the public.When I bought the game, it seemed like that the developers didn't listen to the beta testers. Alot of problems that were reported in the beta test, were still in the game. The FPS was dreadful,  some of the keyboard controls didn't work, and so on. After alot of fixes the game is now runningokat leastSome positive things about the game:Thanks to the Unreal 4 Enginge, the game looks really good. The graphics are nice and it looks alot better than the old Train Simulator.I really like the interface of the game. It's easy to understandThe amount of things you can do in the game is cool. For example, almost every switch in the locomotive has a function. And I really like that you can walk around in the game and that you can explore the route.The locomotives are very detailed.The route is also very detailed.Some negative things about the game:The game gets board really fast. The route is not very exciting. There is just not enought variation in the game.The content of the game is just ridiculous. You get 1 route and 3 locomotives. That's just not enough content for a simulation game.Because the average speed on the route is arount the 25 - 35 mph, because of that it's getting really boring very fast. If they included a mainline route where you can drive intercity and local trains, instead of a boring freight route. It would be mutch more fun.There is no scenario or route creator in the gameThe FSP is still not very high. Specialy is you are driving long trains and if you meat a AI train.They promest multiplayer, but the game doesn't have multiplayer.In all, i think DTG have missed a great potential with this game. I think that they should have waited with the release of the game. So that they would have more time to make the game more stable and that they had more time building more content. I think that this game is heading in the same direction als Train Simulator. And that's a pity"
,Not Recommended,530070,30580629,Posted: 17 March,all,Syncroniam,"If someone says that they're getting 60 FPS on this game, they're lying."
,Recommended,530070,30546471,Posted: 16 March,all,D. Miller,"So i want to give a proper review, like an actual review, not just ""oh this game sucks."". Do i recommend this game? Yes, but with that i also say don't have the highest expectations either, the main issue with any game is people hype it up way to much and they end up letting themselves down. I've said it to many times now, there aren't many Train Simulation games out right now so they are shooting in the dark and trying to hit all the right marks and it isn't going to happen all the time. I'm writing this the day of it being released and i can tell you that a lot of these reviews are written within maybe an hour or so of playing the game so their first impressions aren't really all that valuable because they played the game for an hour and then decided ""okay this is garbage."" granted that there is only one route and three locos, you have endless options you can take advantage of. I will also mention, as with any games, it's going to have bugs and things that they need to fix, rather then bash on them and say the game sucks, take the time to write out an appropriate review or support ticket and explain to them in a mature manner what the issue is so that they can fix it. They are more likely to take you serious then if you just go to their review page after an hour writing ""Oh my god this game sucks so bad."". You need a decent computer for this and i personally didn't have any FPS issues and i don't even have that great of a computer myself and for the few scenarios that i did take the time to play and explore and play around with, i had a lot of fun, but this is also one of those games where it takes patience and just an all around enjoyment of trains and driving them. For a train simulation game, this is outstanding progress and i look forward to what they fix and release for DLC in the future, i would recommend this to anyone who has a deep passion for locomotives and just driving and having a good time because this is more of a relaxed game that's just fun to play and i'm thoroughly enjoying it."
76561198048567429,Recommended,530070,30970789,Posted: 5 April,all,Marco393,"As someone who is working to become a Railway Conductor (Not engineer, engineer's drive trains, conductors manage the train), You can't get any closer to realism without being flooded with all the safety aspects of locomotive oprations. Ya, there are A LOT of differences between the game and real life, such as the fact that an Engineer will NEVER leave the cab to throw a switch, couple rail cars, and request signals (thats a conductors job).The graphics on this game are superb, the lighting, cabs, and overall feeling is wonderful, especially when you're sitting in the cab of a SD40-2 hauling 80+ railcars in Notch 8. I could honestly care less if every railcar is CSX, and all the paint jobs are CSX Dark Future.The game gives a FANTASTIC impression of what real life on the railways is, and makes me want to get in the cab of a locomotive right now as I type this reveiw, but that reality is after 22 weeks of safety training.Update;Do NOT listen to all the posers/foamers who say its ""physics are unrealistic"", because while I somewhat agree, keep in mind you'll NEVER get a realistic train simulator. NEVER. The simple fact of the matter is that you'd need to get a super computer on a NASA size level to replicate what 150+ railcars and 3 locomotives would do when you apply brakes (and you'd have to include brake pressue, slack, momentum, velocity, etc etc). I would purchase this game if you'd like to have an immersive expeirence in locomotives, and the ability to interact with everything."
76561197989848421,Not Recommended,530070,34704012,Posted: 2 September,all,dbesade,"Latest edit now includes my initial review of the Great Western DLC, and review of CSX Heavy Haul patch!I've played Train Simulator for over 400 hours. I spent plenty of time (and continue to do so) with this ""Next Generation"" of it. I have some observations on game mechanics, visuals and features. I'm giving an unbiased review of my option and reactions to the game and will update this as patches and DLC are released. I personally very much avoided the initial release, and picked this up on discount, hoping that any bugs would be worked out. I am, to say the leaststillvery disappointed. I don't feel I can recommend this game unless you get it at a good discount (50%+). If you are looking for a sim with the ability to create custom consists, routes, and has great Steam Workshop content, this isn't the game for you, Train Simulator is. If you are looking for a beta quality, buggy, ""Next Generation"" Train Simulator game and have patience for lack of documentation, consistency, and customization... you may enjoy this game.My initial reaction of playing 1 hour with the new DLC, is that it has the same basic bugs and quirks that I noticed with CSX Heavy Haul. I've seen several severe visual bugs (ScreenshotHere), limitations, bugs, feature-set, and game mechanics. It is basically an additional route with no way to customize or change it.The Bad:Its super buggy, a few examples:I was able to leave the locomotive while it was moving, lower the crossings, and somehow while going around the back of the trailing locomotive, end up INSIDE the autorack that was behind the trailing locomotive with no way to get out.This is supposed to be fixed in the latest Release.I had my wipers on and when I went to move out the door, the front wipers stopped... even though the switch was set to ""100%"", Toggling the switch seemed th fix that.Cab Layout for the GP38-2 & SD40-2, at least with how you can get to switches, etc is poorly laid out camera angle-wise. Primary example of this would be the ""Gauge Lights"" toggle. Because it is behind the Dynamic Brakes lever, it is difficult to manuever the mouse around to just the right spot to toggle it. Not the only example, but one I'm sure others have experienced. No comment or fix by the Developer as of the latest patch/DLC releaseLack of RailDriver Controller. I do have a raildriver unit... and I have 400 hours on it with Train Simulator. I cannot fathom for one reason why the hell it was deemed a good idea to release this without this function (For those who aren't aware its been available for several years in Train Simulator 2012,2013,2014,2015, etc. As of the latest update to this review, that demand has been ignored by the developer.Lack of Custom Consist or Scenario. We still cannot create a custom consist as we can in Train Simulator. There is zero ""Steam Workshop"" capability to have community based content... a huge disappointment considering the improvements that Train Sim World Promises.Cumberland Switchback Scenario shows up twice, there is the same description, map, and information for both. This did not happen before the latest patch and DLC Release (ScreenshotHere)The MixedVisuals on the locomotives and rolling stock are fantastic, however a lot of the buildings and scenary seem ""okay"", even with settings on ""Ultra"". I realize that texture quality is a slippery slope... but given one of the selling points of this was the ""realism"", I was expecting a bit more.Locomotive Selection was decent, but lacking the AC6000, and basically any switching locomotives... both of which would be useful in the ""Canned Scenarios"" available in the game.Camera Controls seem clunky, and I had to fumble around to figure them out. If you don't have experience with Train Simulator 2017, it may be fustrating to figure it out.In the Great Western DLC, you cannot walk through the carbody in the Class 66, I've not tried the others just yet.The menu system is simply poor over all. I'm hoping it matures out over time.The GoodThere are several things to like about this game, the amount of realism, especially with the locomotives, setting them up for trailing or lead, starting/stoping the prime movers, etc. all seem to mimic real life, down to the smallest detail. This truely is a step in the ""Train Simulator"" direction.Developer does seem to be active in the steam community and seems to be trying to fix bugs, etc."
76561198170750242,Not Recommended,530070,34372306,Posted: 20 August,all,cptnemo77,"Graphics and this deep simulation is outstanding, this would be an amazing game for train fans. BUT usually scenarios and service missions are full of problems, AI trains used to not start - they stand in my way, or running on red signals, signals used to not working correctly. I don't understand the developers, how can they ignore players problems. I have found a beta version problem video on youtube, that problem is still existing in the game !!! I have found some detailed problems posted on a forum in may, now it's august, and no patches came out for the problems. Don't buy this game, don't make you disappointed like me."
76561197991965962,Not Recommended,530070,30879520,Posted: 1 April,all,child01,"23.05.2017 (upd 4.5)Night, rain - average 24 fps.Still waiting for:- detailed tutorial of every switch- freeroam ""scenario"" with complete FREEDOM on full map and full weather/time of day adjustment- free of charge european routes and trains...then I would honestly recommend TSM_________________________17.05.2017 (upd 4)Still awful perfomance!Night, rain - average 22 fps!!_________________________20.04.2017Still awful perfomance ((Night, rain - average 20 fps.My workstation:DUAL Xeon - 32 logical cores! (3.4Ghz base and 4Ghz in turbo)128 Gb of RAMGTX 1080 ASUS-Strix_________________________01.04.201730fps before Update #336 fps with Update #3...and this is in Unreal Engine 4!Unexceptable! We hardly could forgive poor perfomance of TS Simulator due to old custom made game engine... but UE4 working on 39 fps while I'm looking on the ground...Shame on you, Dovetail))I stood in a way of my slightly moving train, wondering what's going to happen)Well, I just stuck, while the whole train passing THROUGH me, showing all of its ugly insides)) ahaha, so stupidAnd why I couldn't find a free roam type of playing? Just scenarios and tutorials._________________________Why graphic settings preset set on low doesn't take us to 80-120 fps?Delivering us from 35 to 45-50 fps max. So it's not a heavy visuals we're batteling with!What than?Ok, in the easiest game situations we CAN get 60+ fps, but it's very rare.Most of the time it's drifting around 30 fps."
76561198028069093,Not Recommended,530070,30570068,Posted: 17 March,all,michbret123,"I cannot recommend this game in its current state :- It is very poorly optimized and you will get low fps (15 to 30) even with a powerful PC and graphic card (I have a MSI GTX 980Ti 6GB)- If you don't have an English/American QUERTY keyboard the binding is awful, not documented with some command not available !!! Worse, the binding cannot be changed since the associated option menu is not working.EDIT (26 March) : Dovetail has issued 2 patches (the 2nd is still in the beta branch)- International keyboard handling is improved but not for all countries and with residual errors- Dovetail said that some optimisations have been done but without noticeable effectIn fact this game is unfinished: It's like a pre-ordered game in alpha state except that Dovetail never tells us!So my recommendation is still DO NOT BUY : Awful FPS, unfinished, poor/no international keyboard handlingEDIT (3 April) : Dovetail has issued a third patch that slightly improves FPS but has created some other minor problems (loss of focus). So we are beginning to get away from a slide show. However there are so many defects in the simulation (Engine, brakes, ...), bugged scenarios, defective  physics on tracks (you can run downhill at 120 mph with a 10000 coal train without derailing) and so on.It's far from being an ""acceptable"" simulator and there is a long way toward this goal.EDIT (15 April) : Dovetail has released a third official update (after 2 beta runs) with a better handling of international keyboards and a slight improvement in FPS.However the FPS stay very poor with stuttering and sometime freezing when nearing AI trains or populated yards.There are also many bugs still alive and many things unfinished (2D map, manual, ...)So, sorry Dovetail, but I am not changing my recommendation : Do not buy and use you valuable 30 bucks for something else. Wait and see."
,Not Recommended,530070,30545871,Posted: 16 March,all,Wheelz_pitch,The game runs horribly just like it did in the beta. I'm glad they are using the UE4 but there is no reason why they let this game be released running as poorly as it does. DO NOT BUY until it has been fixed I am promptly getting a refund.
,Not Recommended,530070,30675950,Posted: 22 March,all,Bogor Represent!,"Edit:Dovetail has added a motion-blur toggle. This is huge, so hence the edit. It's quite an experience to play this game without a barf-bag at the ready. Other problems mentioned still exist, but this step done by Dovetail makes me cautiously hopeful for the future. Imagine a day where this review will be changed to positive! That'll be something.Ammended for Great Western Railway DLC:My original review for CSW:Heavy Haul can be 1:1 transplanted to GWR. Still unoptimized, still tutorials that refuse to go indepth despite the indepth ambitions, still unacceptable framerates, still the Unreal struggling to load in assets before you drive by, still load-stutter, still no way disable vomit-inducing motionblur.This time, add Unreal-crashes into the mix, preferably the ones that happen near the end of a 50 minute scenario.If nothing moves, including you, CSW is still a beautiful game and you can see and understand where Dovetail is trying to go with CSW. If only they hired developers who actual;ly know how to code in Unreal. That would help a lot.Original Review:CSX Heay Haul is first and foremost a beautiful game, with an unprecedented level of detail not only in the gameworld, but also in the simulation. That's also the only positive thing that I can say at this moment about this simulator.Its further spectacularly buggy, runs like mollasses on a high end system that's ranked in the top 1% in the Steam survey, has tutorials that don't teach important concepts while being more like a glorified quick-start glossary than a worthwhile learning tool and introduces new and unexplained concepts in the game proper on top of that.CSX Heavy Haul is therefore obtuse, frustrating and unenjoyable. Only recommended if you want to be sandwiched in a double penetration by the twin-evils called Trial and Error."
76561198034213569,Not Recommended,530070,30580680,Posted: 17 March,all,ap70621,"Game clearly not ready for release. Frame rates are horrible. I really want to like this game, but I cannot at the moment."
76561197984368242,Not Recommended,530070,32328269,Posted: 10 June,all,Valarie,"Very dissapointed that spent money on this bucket of rotting fish heads. You find out very quickly that you have to perform each step in the correct order or that senario stops working and won't let you proceed any further. Next is the scenarios, they are all in the same area which is deadly dull. So sad.... I likes the FPS concept."
,Not Recommended,530070,30662499,Posted: 21 March,all,FoxGaming000,It Runs porly and i have a gtx 970 and it runs at 30 fps and has lots of freases and the loading times are super long!
76561198034098120,Recommended,530070,34283340,Posted: 16 August,all,Dennis the Can,"Although having a buggy release from what I have heard (I only picked this up a couple days ago) I find this game to be very enjoyable. I've heard the game had frame rate issues for a long time, but I find it works great now, my computer is around minimum specs for this game, and i get about 18-30 fps, sitting normally around 20. This frame rate is not bad for min specs, exspecially when it looks as amazing as this. Although coming with only 1 route, the replayablity is pretty high for me. I anticipate the release on the first DLC, Great Western express, and thoroughly enjoy CSX Heavy Haul."
76561197976033069,Not Recommended,530070,30604924,Posted: 18 March,all,Digital Draftsman,"My computer exceeds the ""Recommended"" spec and so I thought the game would run brilliantly, unfortunately I was wrong. I struggle to get more than 20-30fps in the yard and beyond the yard it only increases into the 40fps range, though it's still peppered with lag spikes. For comparison, I get solid performance with the frame rate locked at 60fps in The Vanishing of Ethan Carter Redux, which also makes use of the UE4 engine. TSW isn't unplayable because of it, but the lag spikes and perceivable low frame rates in places spoil the illusion. The real shame is that these issues were present in the Beta version and widely reported, but still the issues remain.I also take issue with the screenshots above; I'm running the game on the highest graphics settings and they don't look as good as the screenshots above led me to believe. The game has some strange post processing which sometimes makes stuff a little washed out overall with dark edges, at times looking almost ""cell shaded"" in appearance. I can only assume that the above images were produced at very high resolution and then resized down to 1920x1080. You can see what I mean in the screenshot below:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=886562017The advertising screenshots above also include two cabooses, I assumed that these would be usable in game, allowing the player to sit at the back of the train and enjoy the journey from the caboose cupola; Unfortunately they only appear as static scenery and serve no other purpose. It's strange that what is effectively a scenic item is featured so prominently in the advertising images above, especially as all the rail vehicles in ALL the other screenshots are usable, giving the impression the cabooses are too.My advice to anyone thinking of purchasing TSW is to wait until the optimization issues are rectified. There is a lot of potential for a good simulator here, with UE4 providing a much better and up to date foundation for development, as well as improved physics and expanded scope for player immersion and interaction. I just really hope DTG are able to sort out the initial issues before they move on to additional content for the game."
,Recommended,530070,30546396,Posted: 16 March,all,Dr. Strangelove,"So far it's looking pretty good. There are some FPS issues - my PC is well above the recommended specs and it's barely comfortable at times, but overall it's not unplayable. Trains look great and freedom to flicker all the switches and move around the train is what I was waiting for a very long time. We're finally matching flying simulators and becoming even better with freedom to walk around the track.Overall, game's much improved in comparison to Train Simulator. It really feels like a new beginning for Train Simulators, but at the same time, given how small the game is in terms of content (3 locos and one route), expect many DLCs.One thing that I like the most is that all that many switches, fuses etc. are all doing something. I really hated all those cool switches in Train Simulator that were just for decoration. How hard is to make them clickable, even if they won't do anything, just for immersion?There are some minor issues too, like bugs here and there, but nothing game breaking, although I had to restart tutorials twice.Overall, I will recommend this game and write a full review later."
,Not Recommended,530070,31165931,Posted: 15 April,all,davester14,"Not worth $43, save your money.It's graphics are pretty good if you have a good enough computer, but the map is bland and will have you bored after your finished the scenarios."
76561198065046061,Not Recommended,530070,30604123,Posted: 18 March,all,bhk,"As it stands right now, just a few days after release, TSW cannot be considered as a simulation and, at best, it can only be regarded as a ""train game"".The  most glaring reason for this observation is that the physics & dynamics of the locomotives - and also the full consists - are nothing like realistic. It is as if the developers have taken the incorrect data from TS20XX and just applied it to this new product.There is a lot of tweaking needed in this area before it becomes a simulation.In addition to the above, the sounds (of the locomotives) are way off; they each sound the same.The product has been released far too early and the so -called ""beta test"" was simply a way of getting us to sign up and pre-pay for the release.Well, until Sir Paul gets his act together, TSW will gather dust-bytes on my PC."
,Not Recommended,530070,30548412,Posted: 16 March,all,FaZe Grande,"Disappointed to say the least, here are some of the key problems (please note that some of them have been updated).Had a couple of problems actually starting the game (took around 10 minutes) but it seems to be somewhat normal now though it's fairly slow.Performance seemed to be okay-ish at first, now that I've played it a bit more though i realised that the optimization is quite bad. Keep in mind that I didn't have the highest expectations for fps. When playing on medium with FXAA turned on i get around 30-40 fps (though the fps depends ALOT on what you're doing in-game), for some reason i get lower fps when playing on low. While i was playing i was monitoring my CPU and GPU usage which were both only around 60%, this is something they need to fix immediately. I have an i5-4670K and a GTX 780. As a comparison, I'm able to runGTA V in 1080p @ 80fps with settings set to high/ultra + 2x MSAA.UPDATED: They've optimised the game a lot more and they're still working on it, I'm now able to run the game at a stable 60 fps on medium, haven't tried running it on anyhting higher than medium after the update.Something is messed up with the brakes or the controls in general, I was playing the very first tutorial which went all smooth until I had to stop the train. The game kept telling me to press a certain button which simply didn't work (you don't get the option to remap certain buttons btw). For some reason the brake in the cab which you can normally use with your mouse didn't work either, it was locked. I think I tried every key on my keyboard (Razer Blackwidow Chroma, Nordic edition), nothing worked. The train eventually stopped and i completed scenario but it's safe to say that I won't be playing this game until this is fixed.This could be solved just by making the player able to remap certain keys.UPDATED: Apparently it's because they haven't added support for danish keyboards yet. I feel like it's pretty normal to have support for most keyboards and/or give the user the ability to remap keys. They are starting to add keyboard support for several countries and hopefully danish support will be in the game soon.SECOND TIME UPDATED: They fixed the problems for the danish keyboards and it's all fine now!So today when i opened the game to give it another chance, I couldn't use my player profile. I was able to see that is was there but when i clicked it, nothing happened.Messed up XP system. The XP system just shows you a level which you cannot use for anything. And on top of that sometimes it doesn't save your XP progress meaning you'll earn XP every time you open a door, use the lights, click a button and so on.Pretty dissapointed, won't recommend the game as of yet. It does seem like they're actually trying fix the game which I'm very pleased to see, it should have worked almost flawlessly from the start though."
,Not Recommended,530070,33710962,Posted: 21 July,all,[GWJ] WolfenVic,"I'll never trust Dovetail again. I wasn't a fan of the DLC centric nature that Rail Simulator turned into, and I took years to accept they wanted the model railway route, buy what you like, don't buy what you don't, I can accept that. At the same time when they announced they were moving to the latest Unreal engine I got a tad excited. I had seen plenty of demo videos created by other people out there that a train simulator in Unreal was possible. My hope was that this would become a landmark game where the graphics hit a level for train sims we never seen before.Imagine my surprise and disappointment at launch when I found out the ballest is just a texture, buildings that aren't landmarks are barely detailed or created, roads are even more of a background object than before, barely any cars on them in highly dense cities, water has no/barely any reflections or even looks like real water, and all the freight cars look new and barely any variation between them. That's just the texture and model related issues.Other than that game has included various bugs in the physics engine. When there are mutliple videos of hoses going crazy, or train cars falling through the world it might be time to do some heavy debugging.Besides bugs, for 40 bucks the content is lacking. You get one partly made route, you get an okay, but clean railyard that will remain 80% empty most of the time, the only positive I can find is that the challenge level for learning how to drive each locomotive is actually challenging and entertaining. Otherwise, this game gives you a whole lot of nothing, for a big price.With new DLC coming in August with a price tag of 30 bucks with no discounts I can't help but wonder if the novalty of using Unreal was just a cash grab. CSX has many bugs from game breaking to immersion breaking yet to be fixed, and the lack of content updates to support and show they care for those who forked out 40 bucks for an experiment is upsetting.By the way, that DLC, comes with one route, three locomotives, and a new passenger mod. If this was another big company who cared bout their fans, this would be free to those who supported the title early on and would become bundled with the main game to make it closer to being worth that 40 dollar price point, but instead we see them going the Ark route and charging out the gate for DLC which, considering the lack of updates and fixing CSX world, will launch and break the game even more. Those suckered into getting it for British DLC will join the loads who had given Dovetail a hope they may create something absolutely amazing, only to be let down.Do not fall for this companies ruse, till the main game contains more, higher quality routes, and more rolling stock, with all modes from missions to a level editor, I'd suggest staying far away. Maybe get it on a sale in 10 years when the price is more like 10 bucks."
,Not Recommended,530070,30631986,Posted: 20 March,all,bigzee76,"Train physics! Get on the ball DTG.  AC units don't use amperage, they use tractive effort.  Please incorporate that.  Also, when at medium speed the loco should be putting out tractive effort no matter the power notch you are in.  As it stands, once you are above a certain speed the lower throttle settings produce no power.  This is incorrect. They will always produce power, though, limited.  It needs to follow a variable curve, but should, realistically, never reach zero.  This is not just unique to the AC4400 either.  The SDs and GPs suffer from the same problem.Otherwise, the visuals are superb on Ultra settings and I am actually enjoying the audio as well.  However, the game is almost unplayable for me at this moment due to the crazy train physics.  I'll probably end up holding off on doing much more with it until this is addressed, if it ever is."
,Recommended,530070,33720002,Posted: 22 July,all,olteanra,"The level of detail is outstanding. I really enjoyed playing the career scenarios and some of the services. The only thing that I don't like is the fact that most services take you all the way from one end to the other of the entire route which takes well beyond one hour to complete and there is not a single challenge on the way. You just have to sit an look at the screen almost the entire time. I also wish there were more challenges and scenarios to complete. This game has so much more potential than what came packaged with it. Found a few bugs here and there, but hopefully those will be fixed in the near future. All in all a great game!"
,Not Recommended,530070,30641436,Posted: 20 March,all,morenosanz.al,Bad optimization and still a lot of bugs. Trafic lights and speed limits dont affect at all.
,Not Recommended,530070,30593258,Posted: 18 March,all,LoneWolfAlmighty,"You'd think that with the amount of money Dovetail make from the thousands of DLC they'd be able to make a decent game, but obviously not..."
76561198211889923,Not Recommended,530070,30843090,Posted: 30 March,all,footballtraincrash,"So to say the least I Like the game, and I like they quality of the content that comes with it.  Unfortunely I can not recomend  this game until I can get 60fps in cumberland yard on an core I7 4790k and a GTX 980ti on max setting. This is a High-end Gaming PC and should be able to obtain and maintain 60FPS at all time anywhere on the map.TO DTG listen to your comunity they know what they want in this game, but only YOU (DTG) can make it happen.I am sorry that i cant recomend this game YET, but once the frame rate gets better I will rewright this review and will recomend it to everyone.Thank you to all who read this and, thank you to DTG for creating it.  You guys and girls are on the correct path for a happier community"
76561198017585762,Not Recommended,530070,30598692,Posted: 18 March,all,bigbadvuk,"This game could be described by just few words: Abysmal FPS and zero optimization.Even if you have beastly PC you wont get decent FPs unless you go and reduce details to mid or low.I have R9 390x and i7 5820k  and guess how high my FPS is? 15-20 at medium settings on 1080p. IF i go higher with settings things go even more bad! AS low as under 15 in some areas!! Main issue for this is simple: game dont know how to use all other cores on your CPU except 1st one.STAY away from this until they fix this issues they are trying to fix in vain since beta. And before you go for it be sure to check did DTG again went to grab money by making 500000 DLCs or they are actually doing something in fixing bugs ( which are plentiful, trust me) and making game engine actually more smooth and better optimized.If this was 10$ i would say go and get it but for 40$?? NO.. It is not even finished product it is still somewhere in alpha stage despite their decision to release it."
,Recommended,530070,32799587,Posted: 25 June,all,splinter48708,"An interesting take on the Train Sim francise.  When the graphics are set to ""high"" with the right equipment, the detail is stunning to me.  Unlike TS201X, you have to do a lot of the work yourself from hooking up two engines at the back end of a LONG set consists, then, walking a mile to get into the lead engine.  Then, as there are no ""simplified controls"" like in the TS201X series, you are propmted to disengage brakes, turn on lights, hit the horn 2X, setting the reverser to forward, then, moving the throttle slowly as jamming it to 8 only spins the loco's wheels.You also have different weather conditions from a nice summer day to freeze your **** off snowstorm.Some cons:Like in the TS201X games, I must question the illogic of going from 25 MPH in say 500 yards to 30 MPH in 250 yards and back to 25 mph in 200 yards when you are pulling a 1 mile long train.  It would make sense to just get rid of those very short speed limit changesDestinations are BADLY mismeasured.  I was driving a train recently that for some reason keps saying it was a ""short"" 14 miles away, yet, when I finished the scenerio, it was over 40 miles.  This needs to be patched, Dovetail.But, a BIG con is with hardware.  I have a liquid cooled FX-8350, but, an air cooled GTX 970.  During game play with the game set to the highest settings and near 4k resolution, the GPU was running quite warm at 150F to 155F.  The CPU, given the liquid cooling was fine temp wise...It didn't get much above room temp (it was running under 80F.  So, unless you have a GPU that is liquid cooled or you can tolerate the GPU fans running at 100% and still running quite warm, you may want to do gameplay in segments.Regardless of the heat from the GPU (I would suspect that the CPU if air cooled would also get close to the TDP limit), and the minor nitpicks about distance from you to the destination...this is a good game and I look forward to future DLCs with newer routes.  Maybe something that goes from NYC to Chicage or DC to Boston.I do find the irrelevant speed limit changes to be idiotic and I had hoped that maybe those would not be the case here.  I get thrilled seeing 25 MPH going to 35, only to say ""WTF?!"" seeing the limit change back within 200 yards.  This needs to be taken care of."
,Not Recommended,530070,30737557,Posted: 25 March,all,Gabz007,"I don't understand... I have an AMD FX8370E (quad core/eight threads), 16GB RAM DDR3, 2x1TB HDDs RAID0, 2x MSI RX480 4GB GDDR5 crossfire configured and I am only getting 11fps!"
76561198068563907,Not Recommended,530070,30549350,Posted: 16 March,all,elsteevo4drums,"2 full games crashes due to UnReal engine in the first 2 hours of gameplay? Really?? Why even beta test it? I cannot believe how bad the FPS is with my current rig.  I was really hoping for something amazing from Dovetail after the Flight School debacle, and the announcement of new Flight Sim getting pushed indefinitely, but yet again its the same old screen tears, low FPS (unless i drop shadows etc) that we have all come to get used to from DTG.  What a bummer.  The gameplay/scenarios are terrific, wish the graphics could keep up."
76561198047098373,Not Recommended,530070,30570399,Posted: 17 March,all,Donafon,"Really hope they fix the performance issues, I'm not the only dissapointed by this. i7 6700K at 4.5ghz and GTX1070 and only getting average 40-50 fps with drops below 30 and max 60 on HIGH settings. Great potential and i'll continue to play them game but please do something about this dovetail."
76561198148457608,Not Recommended,530070,30563759,Posted: 16 March,all,piva,I still can't get out of the start up tutorial ... I followed the verbal  instructions but the train won't stop. Can I just get in and play the game without going through that stupid familiarisation process. So far I'm not impressed! The controls only fully respond to UK/US keyboards!
76561198007233086,Not Recommended,530070,32301850,Posted: 9 June,all,jennarivo,"Boring, boring, boring.  Next to no content at all.  Don't waste your money here."
76561198075467929,Not Recommended,530070,30562189,Posted: 16 March,all,Typhomat,"I cannot recommend this game to anyone who has had issues in the Beta. There has been little optimization done from my experience, if anything I feel the performance might even be worse. There is a lot of eye candy, and I hope more optimized and interesting content comes forward. For anyone on the edge, I recommend waiting until this goes on sale for 50% off. It's managable at 20fps, but not something I would pay $40 for."
76561197995467113,Not Recommended,530070,30641594,Posted: 20 March,all,losfiendos,"Game turns on my Vive yet it doesnt actually seem to support it and I cant turn it off without it closing the game.. It let me drive my train straight thru another train (on the same track) on the first mission.. (after the tutorials where there's just WAAAAY to much non skippable talking ) Runs shoddily on a GTX 1080 & 4970 with 32gb ram on raided SSD's, Camera tracking is just weird and only offers a few camera positions in comparison to Train Simulator,. There's bonuses for going around looking for posters in the game.. Do people actually do that ? Is that really a thing ? Was scared to play further incase it voided my chance to refund this pig.. Sorry Dovetail, you bit the green weenie on this one. I noped out pretty fast. I'd hold off a few months until it's properly finished.. On the plus side, the graphics are very nice when you're not moving."
,Not Recommended,530070,30587637,Posted: 18 March,all,Pete904NI,"Runs about as well as ARK: Survival Evolved when it hit early access.  I want to recommend it for the detial but I can't do it until it runs better.i5 2700k @ 3.9GHz, R9 390X and 16GB ram and get 15-30 FPS on medium with no AA."
,Not Recommended,530070,31438370,Posted: 29 April,all,Pvt Partts,"Don't buy this game. Save your money and the hassle of having to do a refund. This is a poor excuse for a simulation. Crappy FPS on a mid range computer. Bugged tutorials and an incorrect simulation of rail operations. Maybe Dovetail Games should have completed a bit more research into rail operations and spent a bit more money on optimization of the game.I was unsure about this game after reading all the crappy reviews. I said to myself ''she'll be right'', !@#$ was I wrong. I deeply regret my purchase. Hopefully I can get a refund. Keeping playing/or buy Train Simulator 2017."
76561198033478529,Not Recommended,530070,31531680,Posted: 3 May,all,aw001k3930,"Game is very poorly optimised and can get boring, the game runs poorly and feels very cheaply made, especially in the game menu when the background music just cuts off when the information screen comes on. When you are in the game I feel that the game tutorial is annoying and it keeps giving you achievements for opening a door or operating a lever etc.Also it is very laggy and you must crank the settings all the way down even on a half-decent machine, for now just stick to TS2017, Or if you cant be arsed to pay for any trainsim try OpenBVE but dont buy this as of yet.To be honest I do not reccomend this game to anyone until it is improved by DTG or something better comes out, total waste of my money."
76561197989457418,Not Recommended,530070,30548964,Posted: 16 March,all,INSOMNIA,"To all the non-UK/US buyers!Apart from the fact that many users are complaining about low framerates and poor optimization, there is another huge issue for players who are using non-UK/US keyboards;The key bindings are locked. As a result, all other than UK/US keyboards have no way of controlling the automatic brakes (main braking controls). This makes the game largely unplayable unless you are prepared to use the mouse all the time.All of this may be fixed in the future, and I am sure the game will be much better then. But the fact that the devs aren't here to fix such a fundamental problem on release day is at the very least regrettable. When hearing that this was an issue even in the beta, I can only assume that this will not be dealt with as quickly as I wish."
76561198079693559,Not Recommended,530070,30549703,Posted: 16 March,all,Ze White Rabbit,"I have a FX8350 an a GTX1060 8GB ram, an i get 11fps an a ♥♥♥♥ing headache its so lagge. Did they really sit in the office with relase day coming playing it on there computers with 20fps thinking great game we got here.This is in a way a great idear for train sims a ♥♥♥♥ing great idear :). But i just cant play it with that kind of framerate its so slow its painful to play. My pc will eat a ps4 for breakfast it can max wildlands an give me 60fps, i max this i get 5fps at best how do Dovetail do it. Refund request sent sorry guys. This is a bad example of what the Unreal Engine is caple of, if you would like to see the engine can really do play Farcry 4 on pc oh on that i get 100fps."
76561197979530057,Not Recommended,530070,30570328,Posted: 17 March,all,Pilot37,"I think this will be great in the long run but right now it's not ready and I took a refund.The deciding moment was an Unreal Engine crashed in the first 20mins. I hadn't even set off.Graphics don't match the screenshots even on Ultra. My system ran at a just acceptable rate, I would guess about 20-25fps for i7 clocked to 3.4GHz, with 8GB RAM,  GTX970.But no editor and having been a big Train Sim user I always make my own scenarios and don't want to be forced to follow set scenarios at all. Real disappointment for now. I like sims and games where I have freedom to do what I like.Finally, whilst I was happy to accept USA for now, I'm more for a historic UK route and loco.But crashing software screams wasted hours and frustration so I will be back to try again at a later date.So refund until later on...or did I abandon too quickly on 24 minutes?"
,Not Recommended,530070,30561735,Posted: 16 March,all,Steve French,"I will edit this review later if things have changedAs much as I want to like this game, the performance is truly awful, especially when it starts raining. I'm running well above the recomended specs as well. I'm talking 10-20 fps on med-high settings.Other things worth noting, I would like it if there were an option to allow getting off of moving equipment. I would also like to see DTG release some tools so that the community can develop things for the simulator. Otherwise this sim wont be worth playing for very long."
76561198070428832,Not Recommended,530070,32494518,Posted: 16 June,all,BetterJester,"Update 07/21 - As I predicted. Just look what they are planning to release for the price of another WHOLE GAME. Stray away from this game people, as I pointed out it is nothing but a DLC launch pad. I am just surprised at the price of the DLC I mean Jesus Christ.If you don't have a high end pc capable of running the newest of hardware-intensive games, dont even think about buying this game.I was so excited about this game I actually bought a brand new desktop with AMD FX-6300 processor pushing 3.5ghz and 4.0 when boosted. Nvidia GTX 1050 w/ 2gb of onboard ram. 16gb cooled ddr4 RAM. Windows 10 Pro 64bit.This game still occasionally hiccups on my BRAND NEW system. Which was terribly dissapointing since I did basically this new desktop namely to run games like this. Which it does with flying colors on any modern optimized game. Ill go into more detail a little later about this.I played this game during Alpha, and the developers did listen to the community and released quite a few community-oriented updates. Then all of the sudden after the 4th major update DTG decided it was good enough to release and get out of alpha. A totally premature calculation. This game is still not graphically optimized, its lacking a SUPER amount of gameplay and content, and for the 35$ price tag you are getting what feels like a demo [in my opinion]. This feels like a training simulator for these 3 very specific, albeit almost identical, locos. And when you are done with the tutorial there are very limited scenarios for you to play. Also, there is NO WORKSHOP content. And no Route editor to speak of. Sooo just like previous DTG releases it feels like this one is probably a DLC platform ENGINE more than anything.On the plus side this games first person mode and the free roam abilites are a FRESH idea in the world of simulators. It adds to what is a pretty immersive experience but it doesn't solve or subtract from the lack of content this game offers right out. The graphics [when running at steady fps] which isn't often, is very beautiful and awe-striking. But in the same breath you better not accidentally try crossing a platform on the train a certain way or your av will get lodged into the service somewhere most likely underneath the track. I've experienced this problem mostly with the SD loco when trying to travel between lead locos and cut outs.This game does have, however, that little spirit that all games I have ever loved has. A certain chromosome, if you will, that attracts you back to it. I can't explain it but any true gamer can relate to what I am talking about. I first experienced this trait with Star Wars Galaxies which was an old school MMO and i've more recently experienced it with games like Call of Heroes and Skyrim.  Let me make a point here real quick before you carry this overboard. I am in no way relating this game at ALL to ANY of those previously stated games, it is not debateable that those games have this one beaten in every sense. With that being said this game does have it but i'm afraid its hard to get to because of all the technical shortfalls in what I feel is a ""deadline date"" game. You might ask what that is, I came up with the phrase awhile ago when Mass Effect 3 came out, the developers were forced to put out an unfinished product because of publisher and sponsors DEMANDING the game be released by a certain time. This is a perfect example because later on 2 or 3 months after the premature release EA was subpeona'd to court and they had to pay substantially for their malphiseance. And subsequently released gobs of free DLC to try to right the wrong.In closing, if this game were left in alpha indefinetlely and buyers were promised more than 3 locos when the game was READY and approaching release I would have more hope for this game. But as I see it TSW is nothing but a inevitable DLC engine for 3rd party devs to pump their Pay 2 Enjoy 3d renderings into. I wish I wasn't so cynical but history does, after all, repeat itself."
,Not Recommended,530070,30560610,Posted: 16 March,all,Majkl,"I really like the feeling of the gameplay, which feels much more immersive than in Train Simulator, definitely a promising successor!But although the game looks really great and much better than regular Train Simulator, I can't really recommend it at current state. :( Performance-wise it's just awful.Make your own opinion -- the following configuration is only getting 25-40 FPS on average (more with less draw distance and no traffic):Zotac GTX 1080 Amp Extreme (core at 2000 MHz)i5 7600K (4.2 GHz)QHDUltra settingsTAAShould've been released with Early Access label,I really hope devs will work hard to improve this and I'd eventually be able to change this to a positive review, it looks like a really cool game otherwise!"
76561198326500835,Not Recommended,530070,31371477,Posted: 26 April,all,Caged Boy,"I find this game quite boring compared to TS 2017.I was so excited for the launch and was pretty upset to be honest - there arent enough loco's, routes, challenges etc to keep me interested.Kudos for the development of the game, looking great is one thing but being entertaining is yet to be achieved"
,Not Recommended,530070,30895146,Posted: 2 April,all,Squishy~ (Maddie),"Doesn't run properly even when all the settings are on low and even with the recent updates. Maybe when you hit the right place with optimization i'll buy it again, but at the moment this game is not worth the 39.99$ price tag."
76561197993463145,Not Recommended,530070,34819086,Posted: 8 September,all,Amdo,"The throttle doesn't work realistically at all, which I don't understand. Throttle works close enough to correct in TS20xx, but in this game its totally baby mode. Basically each throttle notch has a function of cruise control built in, which is not at all real world. Proof of concept, I was running a lone SD40 and having to hold it at notch 6 to maintain 50mph with zero slope. In ts2017 and real life, you would be alternating between lower notches. For something touted as ""ultra realistic"", getting such a basic tenant of locomotive operation seems baffling, especially when considering the same developer has been getting it right for years in ts20xx. I can only think it was by design to make the game easier. Just awful."
,Recommended,530070,33399166,Posted: 9 July,all,Gabriel,"If you are scared about the ammount of DLCs of Train Simulator, then buy this one. At least it is in the begining and you can collect more DLCs on the go as they release them.It has more advanced mechanics then Train Simulator but you dont drive passenger trains but only freight trains. The future DLCs may bring passenger trains too.I recommend this to anyone who wants to try a train game.There are two game modes: Scemarios which can be considered a Story Mode and Services which are pertty much a free ride from point A to point B with a locomotive of your choice at a certain time of the day and where you can choose the weather characteristics: snow, wind, rain, etc.The story mode (Scenarios) are worth the money alone. It has the best simulation of a train driver. You need to take the locomotive through the dockyard and drive it on a trurn table, get back and forth on the tracks to couple it with the trains, refuel it, cold start it, etc.All the fun part is that you can click and drag all the levers and buttons with the mouse and not just presing keyboard keys.The first person walk view is awesome and you can even walk out of the driving seat while the train is in motion. This gives you much freedom on how you want to enjoy the viewsThe track we have in the base game is huge. I think it is 1/1 scale of the real truck but if we compare it with the feeling of lenght of Euro Truck Simulator 2, it feels like you dirve from Eastern Hungary till Northern England.The game graphics are superb. Even when everything is set on low, the game looks great, very comparable with ETS 2. Although you might get like 10 - 20 fps depending on your system, the game feels smooth enough to play.There are various internal and external cameras to view your travel from, all at a press of the key 0 and a mouse clickThe game is not for everyone. It gives the real feeling of driving a train but that may feel quite boring for some people, so, if you are a sort of action type of person who likes action driving, this may feel too dissapointing to you, but for those who want to feel how it is to drive a train, this is the one and do not look anyfurther."
76561198178275802,Not Recommended,530070,30858315,Posted: 31 March,all,Kim Jong-Un,"Waste of money, Dovetail is just another EA, they give you a game with nothing in it unless you buy DLC, buy something else that actually gives you something for your money not laughs in your face"
76561198052376424,Not Recommended,530070,30592287,Posted: 18 March,all,ᚱᚢᛊᛊᚲᛁᛁ,"Worst optimization I've ever seen. Don't buy, if you haven't got 100500$ computer......"
76561198166331050,Not Recommended,530070,31936973,Posted: 24 May,all,Mr pineapple,"if you dont have the best pc in the Entire world DONT get it i admit i have like an i3 processor and i need a 5 but still, at a maximum i can hit about average 6fps on the lowest settings. the only thing about dtg is that they mostly dont pump enough money, time and effort into their work. they are acting like old EA they just go yep yep and that will do, then publish a really bad game. Kind of dissapointing to me but take my comment with a pinch of salt as i have a pc lower than the minimal requirements"
76561198015307020,Not Recommended,530070,30573523,Posted: 17 March,all,Kylo Sven,"I REALLY wanted to write a good review for this game... but its just not there. I am disappointed for the following reasons1. NO FREEDOM (can not make custom consists)2. NO FREEDOM (can not explore route at your lesure)3. Terrbile Locomotive sounds, mainly the Horns. (rolling stock is better then previous releases.)I do like the ""reaslism"" or ""feel the detail"" of the locomotives. Visual quality is defeintly better then previous versions, but I know what unreal engine is capable of, and it could be better.Hope they improve it... as for now... its a thumbs down."
76561198012898845,Not Recommended,530070,30638018,Posted: 20 March,all,haerts,"Have to buy,When you like nice pics and vids to share, because the graphics are nice,When you like to similate exploring the line by foot,When you like whiile walking or running like to look out for things someone has lost,When I find a working laptop along the line I will let you know,When you like to put fallen poles up again,When you lke to sit in the cabin and do nothing maybe somewhere you will have a red light,When nothing happens when you drive 60 instead of 30,When you do not care a scenario has a plausible end, or not,When you have an highend PC and like to have stutters nearly every few minutes,If you like the sim freezes when an AI train passes,If you like trainsimulations I think this is not for you,I payed for this copy and now after 3 days, I go back to TS 2017.Maybe in a few weeks I will take a look at TSW again,"
76561198021130374,Not Recommended,530070,30561167,Posted: 16 March,all,Jonno,"WHAT HAPPENED???????This game just does not perform good at all. If you have anything under a GTX 1080 + i7 you screwed!!!!!! ( and that's just to get over 40FPS!!!)I have a GTX 970 +i5 and no matter what a set the settings too,  I CANT GET ABOVE 16FPS!!! WTFAlso most moving objects in the game leaves a bad trail behind it like a ghosting effect... SO BAD!!!Every time i switch between keyboard and game controller i get bad performance issues. Not sure what that's about.I i am the only one experiencing this the i apologise Dovetail and should have not bought this game personally. But, if not then please be wise with your money as this game (even though well priced) is not worth it. It just feels like a ALPA version that needs LOADS of work to make it enjoyable."
76561198047177304,Not Recommended,530070,30548710,Posted: 16 March,all,russellbutterfield1966,"Totally awful, badly optimized. The Beta version worked so much better than this. Refund requested, its unplayable, until it is sorted out, I won't be recommending this. At all!!!!!"
76561198048059522,Not Recommended,530070,30577190,Posted: 17 March,all,Mr. C,"Sorry guys, but the frame rate is really bad.  Game looks nice but just doesnt work with the gitters.  Maybe you guys can tweek it and make it work.  Cant use it this way.  Sorry"
,Not Recommended,530070,30578634,Posted: 17 March,all,iron-bladder,"This has turned out to be a big disapointment for me. TS2017 is my most played game and I love it and I was expecting this to be better. It isn't.Frame rates are very low and detail setting has little effect on them. Distance lighting and drawing is far worse than TS2017, Middle distance scenery is no better.The interface is inconsistent and has glitches.  Sound is good, but doesn't make up for driving in jerk-o-vision.Reflections on glass, mirrors and surfaces are very good, so is line side vegetation, showing promise for the future.It's a young product and maybe in a year's time it will have been improved, but for now I'm going back to TS2017."
76561198087691244,Not Recommended,530070,30710805,Posted: 24 March,all,black2rome,i bought this game on tuesday & still havent managed to play it yet as keeps loading then after 2hrs it then stops - so when this happens imhaving to turn my laptop of has done this several times. today loaded to welcome to train sim world to where your able to look to sky then freezes please sort out as now i want a full refund of £25.00 i paid for this as so far a waste of money. AM NOT HAPPY ATALL WITH PRODUCT. WILL NOT BE RECOMENDING TO ANYONE AT THE MOMENT. sort it out!!!!
76561198195193185,Not Recommended,530070,30573690,Posted: 17 March,all,chipallen16,"Nothing has been fixed since the beta. Applying the automatic brake quickly shoots the train, the sounds are terrible, you get bad FPS whether you're at the lowest graphics setting or the highest graphics setting, and the amperage/load regulator/governor are all wrong. Even the incorrect control names weren't fixed. The ONLY good thing about this GAME is the graphics - and that's only on Ultra mode up-close. Don't waste your money - it's already too late for me to get a refund."
76561198164849263,Not Recommended,530070,30627693,Posted: 19 March,all,RokVulvo,"DOVETAIL, YOU MUST OPTIMIZE!Sigh, I wish I could write this game a postive review, unfortunatley in its release state things are not looking up for it. Only one map (Very well crafted) but that isn't the only issue. Optimization should be much, much, much better. I am using:Radeon Software Version - 16.6Radeon Software Edition - CrimsonGraphics Chipset - AMD Radeon (TM) R9 200 SeriesMemory Size - 2048 MBMemory Type - GDDR5Core Clock - 925 MHzWindows Version - Windows 10 (64 bit)System Memory - 16 GBCPU Type - Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4790 CPU @ 3.60GHzAnd I only get a depressing 20 fps on average and thats on the lowest settings. If I'm really lucky there is a chance I may hit 30 fps. I have heard a legend that somebody actually hit 60 on ultra settings, but it's very difficult to tell whether that is true or not. For now I am forced to leave this as my first unrecommended game as it is difficult to play with its current optimization. This of course could and will be a fantastic game when it is finally well optimized.When coupling cars and locos together I've noticed no physics between the two only the cords dangling around. At one point I forgot to hit the brake and ran into the other loco at 8mph  and upon impact it coupled the two locomotives together and completely stopped the train."
76561198028347417,Not Recommended,530070,30625102,Posted: 19 March,all,europe85,"I have buy this game because i play TS already from the begin, i'm a real tranfan etc. My Framerate is less than 8 FPS! on my notebook (Nvidia GTX 960m, i7 4 core 3,9 Ghz, 16GB RAM, SSD over 600MB/s read and over 550 MB/s write). On my PC the framerate dont ome above the 20 and in the woods not above 15-18 FPS. PC have i7 4 Ghz, 32GB RAM, SSD 512GB (more than 200GB free) with read and write speeds over 450/500 MB/s, Nvidia 970. Cooling is in my desktop no problem.After a 2 hours of play steam have a crash with the dump and no playing further is possible. Only a re-install will fix this problem for a while. Also have the game much very loud noises (very painfull on ears if you use a headphone, so i don't recomanded a headphone).The graphics are very beautifull. I hope Dovetail Games will come very soon with a very big update that will fix the framerate problems and the audio (loud noises) problem. I hope also a fix for the Steam dump error.Everyone that will buy this game, i want to say, wait a time untill the mostly problems are fixet."
,Not Recommended,530070,30560602,Posted: 16 March,all,Mark53,"You must read the review of TSW by “Supernova” it is spot on. TSW is a terrible simulator game, not worth the hype. After spending hundreds of dollars on Dovetail games and DLC I quit. Other simulator games like Farming Simulator or American/European Truck Simulator are so much better. They both have great graphics and a constant 60 fps with my computer compared to 20 to 25 fps I get with TSW. Why can’t Dovetail figure it out?  I would be happy to sell my TSW game back for half what I paid."
76561197973954932,Not Recommended,530070,35111455,Posted: 21 September,all,ArcticKitsu,"I've bought this game seeking a serious train sim, and it's mostly there. It's a diamond in a rough, yet something you shouldn't get..... yet. Not unless you have a VERY beastly computer (above & beyond) and into serious train simulators, yet you'll still find many horrible simple errors with the game to facepalm over. I have yet to own a proper train sim game, thus trying to fill in the void with this game. You need a super computer to run this game, something that I find silly when it should run smooth even on a very low setting. It runs the same on low, medium, and high that something in the background isn't optimized properly. Yes, this game is highly complex, meant to be the 'next-gen' train sim, yet isn't appropriately optimized. What's the point of having a next generation train simulator when you can't even run it, or struggle to have it run. You still need to make sure it runs on as many computers as possible to gain profit to fund the game.I managed to enjoy the game when it ran smoothly, such as in the tutorials, and once with the coal run in Heavy Haul. I enjoy it, yet the game is so damn rough around the edges you feel it barely being held up on its supports. You can find numerous people venting about the FPS, yet nothing is being done. The forums is a toxic place to be on... The community is a toxic mess that they whine and moan about anything under the sun that everything is a nasty mess. When asking quentions nobody really wants to answer any of your replies, only resorting to childish trolls.I enjoyed making a character for the profile, yet there needs to be more customization option for that. It's a nice foundation needing to be further expanded on. The leveling system needs to be broken in more by being attached to the various things you can, and can't do. The discoverables is a nice system, encouraging you to explore the highly detailed maps. The trains run very realistically and heavily, something I've enjoyed a hell of a lot. A shame the FPS ruins it all. I absolutely love realistcally starting a train, getting it rolling, having it lock into a row of coal carts to then get going, load the coal, and uncoupling. That's where the fun is at.Great Western Expansion is also awesome. The enormous amounts of detailing placed there, the platforms, the trains. Being able to be as a passenger is awesome. Everything is awesome, yet it also goes without saying both this & heavy haul need to be further expanded on to be larger. There's lots to have fun with thanks to the 'services' & 'being a passenger' options, yet it's all hindered by basic bugs & glitches, as well as general FPS issues that numerous amounts of people also are complaining about.The priority for this game should be to fix the FPS issues others & myself are experiencing, something trolls shouldn't defend saying that we magically have garbage computers. FPS should be priority one, more so when trains warp & glitch when passing your train in 'Western Expansion' DLC. There's just so many careless & lazy flaws left in the game that it's upsetting with how high the price tag is..... Common, DTG, don't be this lax with your products......You only have yourself to blame on simple carelessness.The game also needs modding support, map making support, and support in adding 3rd party trains......FPS issue however being number one.If I made the frame rate issues, the train warping, and sound glitches type errors to occur in a stricter workplace (one I'm in now) I'd be hounded to the point I'd fear coming to work.....I would need to see a doctor for a mental break down for allowing such errors in TSW to be allowed in public.......(I""ll delete, rewriting this review to be positive when DTG decide to finally address any FPS errors.)"
76561198025504107,Not Recommended,530070,30576271,Posted: 17 March,all,Austin,"Well here goes, and sadly this is going to be like a lot of the others: nice game spoiled (so far) by APPALLING optimisation.  Seriously, Dovetail, what have you been DOING the last 6 months or so!?  My rig is an 8-core Athlon (OK, not top drawer) but with 16GB of decent RAM, and a 4GB Nvidia GTX960 (again, not top drawer but still, pretty capable)Graphics are, appearance wise, a big step up from TS 2107 but then so they darn well should be as the older game runs such an ancient graphics engine.  This one runs Unreal and it's way better, but that's kinda like saying that a 1980 car is way better than a 1950 one, because for all the new graphics engine the game, as others have said, really doesn't make decent use of the graphics engine or the graphics card.  It's loading the computer like crazy to judge from the speed the cooling runs at, yet the result is a paltry frame rate even with settings turned down and Anti-Aliasing off.  Just for comparison:  I also play World of Tanks and despite the amount going on in that game with multiple players, moving vehicles, explosions and suchlike, even with the settings quite high and running HD mode, I routinely get 100 fps - there's no good reason why a trainsim should be harder to render than a tank battle with multiple players, yet the frame rate here is dropping out of the smooth motion range, in other words, down below 25.Really, the frame rate and glitches make this look like a beta realease.  My conclusion is that, sadly, Dovetail are using the Microsoft approach of release a beta version as finished product and then fix it on the fly (maybe... hopefully...) as it REALLY doesn't play like a finished item.Of course, Steam's ultra-tight refund policy means I can't get a refund and to be honest I don't want a refund after about 3 hours play (and how, Steam, are you supposed to properly eavluate something like this in under 2 hours??), I want the game decently operational - I'm a big fan of sims and railroads and a railroad sim is always gonna get my vote, but really this is so disappointing after all the hype.OK enough complaints.  The gameplay is actually good.  There's some great realism in the way you walk around, climb onto the locomotive, open the door to get in, and so on.  All good stuff and the operation and feel of the game is pretty realistic.  So far I've only done the tutorials and a few short jobs, but it all appears to work.Unfortunately for now I have to say I don't reccomend it, simply because the graphics are so far below acceptable.  I don't even need to see 100 fps - I'd be happy enough if it ran a solid 30-40 - which surely should easily be possible.Requesting a refund anyway... we'll see if Steam are prepared to be nice.[edit]I sent a ticket in to Dovetail support, seeing as I can't get a refund - at the point I requested, I had 3 hours gameplay which in a game like this is more or less just getting used to it. (Thanks very much Steam, I love you too.  NOT.   Your refund policy sucks: clue - not all games are the same; in some games I could tell if I could live with the problems in 10 minutes...)Anyway, rants about Steam aside, I did get a response from Dovetail to the effect that they are aware of graphics issues and intend to improve it - we shall see, although I don't hold out a huge hope.Swithcing things to lower settings or off (as suggested by Dovetail support), makes hardly any difference.  Even turning the resolution down to 800x600 (which is so old it's more or less forgotten now) only increased the frame rate from about 14-16 up to 16-17 on the scenario I tried it on.  Not that I woudl want to play at that level, but I thought I would try.  Conversely, setting graphics to Ultra at 1920x1080 (native for my monitor) hardly makes it much worse, I still get around 15 fps, which is just about playable, with frequent drops to 6-7fps, which is not.  There is some basic fundamental cockup somewhere, which I can't belive that beta testing, heck even alpha testing, did not show up and it speaks ill of Dovetail that they didn't fix it before launch.Some more gameplay shows that, graphics aside, it's actually a good sim - more realism than older TS games, as for example, to get to the other end of the train you get out and walk, rather than magically teleporting - likewise to uncouple the loco from the train you have to get out and physically unlock the coupling.So far the only big problem was a single Unreal engine crash.  Provided that was a one-off, I can accept that.  Oh and a derailment for no apparent cause - but I guess that can happen in real life too :)"
76561198063945602,Not Recommended,530070,32897994,Posted: 27 June,all,czorn25,The base of the concept is awesome. There is no true freeroam or ability to create your own scenerio. And at the price paid you would think that this would be involved with the game. I would change my recommendation if these were added to the simulator.
,Recommended,530070,34548717,Posted: 28 August,all,[SQRL][SK][STB]ServiusTheBear,"Story: Well to this game you are driving various locomotives. Currently right now it is just Freight engines from America. Which to me at this point is fine. There could have been more indeed. But that is beside the point just now. The story or main point to this game is you do scenarios ranging from shunting freight around Cumberland train yard to driving long consists from point A to point b while responding to events that happen along the way from signals, weather, speed changes, gradients positive and negative. At this point there is only just the Sand Patch Grade right now. With a new DLC coming out on the 14th of September 2017. This was originally supposed to be out on the 24th of August 2017, but was pushed back due to bug fixing. This is understandable but this will certainly add more to the Game. Now I have not had nor has others been able to play the Great Western Express dlc. But from what I have seen and heard has my attention. I do like the fact that they have the icon HST, 166 DMU and my fav Freight engine the class 66. So I have to say I am excited for this DLC. I have to admit I have high hopes for this game.Graphics: Well firstly this game has been built from scratch on a different engine (Unreal Engine 4). This will allow for better graphics compared to the old engine used for the original Train Simulator which is still played today. Also hopefully amazing looking mods later down the line. Now from what I have seen over my twenty eight hours of doing the tutorials and scenarios in the game. The graphics on the locomotives and the units look pretty sweet. The scenery is amazing looking as well and this is coming from Ultra setting on a GTX 970. There was some things where I did see ghosting, draw distance on the sleepers and FSP drops. But in general I did not mind it to much at all. But if you are picky tweaking and hopefully patches will sort that out.Game play: Now as an experienced train sim player from the Original train Sim game we all know and love. A lot of the features of the locomotives I already know. So even tho doing the tutorials was fun for me, but when looking at it from outside the box. The tutorials cover minimal basics of the loco's. They certainly need to improve these to cover everything in the loco. From all the braking systems (Auto Brake to Dynamic), the fuse box is one thing that is new to me. I learned by trial and error. But for some one new to the game would need to be taught. Also how to start the engine fully and dealing with Iso switches. They certainly have a few there which will cover the basics to get you going. There is a Total of seven you can do and one which you can free play. You can also jump into the 24 time table world that is play as well. So you do have a decent enough of things you can do. But if you are like me and play constanly then you will get through it probably under a day. There is collectable you can get. Also there is an exp system in place not to sure what will be implamented with. One thing I do love is the turn table in the game in the Cumbernland Termanil it is a lovely addition.Controls: You can use the Keyboard and the game pad. The controls cover the loco, walking and camera. Now I did notice that there is somethings that do not have an actual key to press one is the Horn Sequence for when coming to crossings.Sound/Music: The game main menu music is fine I personally am not bothered by it. It does provide a background noise. But while in game there is none which again no issue there. The sounds from the environment, train etc are just amazing. If you are like me I have the engine sound cranked up and my bass maxed cause the sound from the loco's is just mmmm.Replay Value: There is replay value there. Improving timing on manuvers in the sernarios hunting for those collectables which I wont. Never liked that side. But with more dlc and hopefully workshop additions there certainly will be.Bugs/Glitches: Some people stated they have had issue with the throttle and braking. As I stated in my Graphics section, I did see ghosting, draw distance on the sleepers and FSP drops. But one thing that is still poking at me is with the throttle control on one of the Loco's No amps until I reached notch 3/4 also having the auto brake and independent on at full and was not slowing at all. I have not come across this in the old TS game. But to me this seems odd. Possible glitch. Other than the wee graphic and fps issues. Everything else runs fine.Overall: I give this game a 7 out of 10 paws. There is potential here for this game. They need to work hard as they are starting fresh compared to the Original Train Sim. There is issues that can be fix in graphics and game-play with loco's. There certainly can be more addition to the tutorials to be more in-depth into the loco's mech's. Controls certainly need to be improved to allow all features to be accessed via button or combo button press. I have high hopes for this game. I want it to prosper. So as it stands right now. 7/10 paws.My other game reviews can be found at{LINK REMOVED}www.serviusthebear.webs.com"
76561197974380255,Not Recommended,530070,30581610,Posted: 17 March,all,Blanimheps,Just nope with this performance. Runs like a 32 Bit Simulator. No Matter what kind of rig you got it wont use it.
76561198011954757,Not Recommended,530070,30860726,Posted: 31 March,all,TWFBROCKTOROCK,i did not like its simulator.the thing i don't like i there is no free roam .i think train simulator 2017 is better than train sim world
,Not Recommended,530070,30562319,Posted: 16 March,all,NeoPyro,"Even though my rig surpasses the ""recommended"" system requirements I struggled to reach 25 fps in the yard and 40 fps out on the mainline and if there was more than one train regardless of where I was my framerate would drop into the teens!My Rig4820K16GB of RAMGTX 1080 FE512GB SSD"
,Not Recommended,530070,30602764,Posted: 18 March,all,-TK-,"Not recommended AT THE MOMENT. Performance is poor and game has many bugs. I'm especially diasappointed by the sound's. I hoped they at last get em right and good in this game. But nope... So, much work to do here.Nevertheless they are going in the right direction with this game and it is absolutely awesome to walk around inside and outside your loco and use all the switches, that in most cases really do something.Only buy this now if you are a hardcore TrainSim fan!"
76561198055465418,Not Recommended,530070,30628152,Posted: 19 March,all,SuperDuty,"I feel like this is the beta sill very unfinsh, The sounds are crap. The lack of low frame rate is bad... It needs a lot of  optimization. And it crashes a lot.. Maybe if they fixed the Lack of performance. I would give this game thumb up..."
76561198231649820,Not Recommended,530070,30561132,Posted: 16 March,all,trentaslin,"I can't play the game, the opptimisation is terrible. I want a refund. Interactive and I like that, but I just can't play it on 5 fps on low settings"
,Not Recommended,530070,30586328,Posted: 18 March,all,BIFOLCO_93,"Sorry for may very bad enlglish but i'm italian.The simulator is very beautiful and realistic, accurately reflects reality. But unfortunately missing some things, the manual in Italian, then when you have a four wheel drive and you want to turn off the two locomotives and then reactivate them and prepare them for operation in four-wheel drive, the train does not work, there are many viewing bugs, missing the possibility of creating a scenario or an activity where you can always walk on foot but at least you have the option to create their own train, lacks the ability to save multiple scenarios and lacks the ability to be the train arranged in a way even after saving: If the train was stationed, switches off, when the engine is switched off batteries, fuses removed, and then save, after saving it to me so I have to find, any locomotive that I have stationed, in any scenario after the rescue, the one I find myself situation and not another as it happens. If adjusted everything then my finger retract and give a 100/100, but for now it remains low."
76561198207626416,Not Recommended,530070,30807126,Posted: 28 March,all,ernie-leboe,"I dont like the way the mouse works, find it very frustrating .. also would like to get rid of the musicThe Menu system is really hard to figure outI really like TS much better"
,Recommended,530070,30604944,Posted: 18 March,all,Nick Wilde,"Just the lag really, just the LAG nothing else brill game :)"
76561198169033167,Not Recommended,530070,30819924,Posted: 29 March,all,riegseckersr.larry,"This game is the most stupid I've ever played. I have a top-of-the-line PC, but this game sucks literally. I'm lucky to get 32fps out of it. You need to do a complete overhaul on this game. People are getting frustated on the operation of this game. There's no operating manual per-se. No signaling manual and the manual that comes with it is nothing more than a quickstart manual. GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER PEOPLE!!!!"
,Recommended,530070,30576433,Posted: 17 March,all,Naviss,"After almost 12 hours of playing, Exploring, and working, I've got enough of a idea to review the game based on how things have been.To start off, I've been waiting on this new UE4 Engine for Train Simulator for a very long time. Out of the box, It feel like everything I've wanted in the older TS20XX titles.The very scope and scale of the game is different and it feels great! Speed has meaning to it now, Your train and consist has weight to it and overall makes the pace of the game flow just right.That's not to say there isn't bugs, glitches and just QOL changes I wish they had more time to add and fix before release. With this game, I feel like I'm buying the core UE4 Engine, rather then a DLC or ""Game"". It shipped with enough content to keep you busy for a day, More if you want to repeat missions or just explore.But let's be honest here - Train Simulator as a whole has ALWAYS been about the DLC and 3rd party content both free and paid that expands the game, which I'm sure wont be far off!That said, Let me start my review with Graphics. This is by far one of the big selling points of the title, and real point of the new engine. It doesn't disappoint either! The game is simply stunning! The engines and rolling stock are beautiful modeled and the trees along with vegetation look great and make your surrounds look alive. Complete with wind and movement for trees.All this beauty comes at a cost though. The game overall is not greatly optimized and when you crank the graphics, you can see and feel the power your computer needs to do it with any decent frame rate.I have a Core i7 3930k, Clocked at 4.5GHz, 32 gigs of Corsair Vengence ram, And a Asus Strix 1080GTX. I am able to keep my graphic set to ULTRA, with every other setting maxed (TAA), with mostly acceptable frame rates. From 45FPS in the mountains, To 20 in busy areas. Also I play the game at 4K.Lowering render range, can help with fps some as well. But overall older systems will struggle.NOTE: I do keep the sampler slider around 100 - 140%. Anything more and it nukes my fps.Gameplay - The new most important part of the new UE4 engine! Finally being able to not only move around your train or walk around the yard and do tasks, But also having the full ability to cold start any of these engines! It's a beautiful thing! If you've wanted a real train simulator, and not a arcade game of the past then you're going to be in for a treat!Most every switch, button, or even screen (IFD) works in this game on each engine. I love it! Adding skill and a bit of learning, It will make future dlc and engines a whole new level of playing.Bugs and faults - There is no lack of them here. The game feels more then a EA title, but the scene of a beta in some means. Small things that just should have been a quick fix before launch somehow made it into the final release. Wipers that bug out and turn off when switching views, to starting missions stuck inside the track itself unable to move.Most of these bugs are minor, And already have quick easy work arounds to not stop your gameplay. But they also shouldn't have been here.I often have times between switching cameras from outside to inside, yet still hearing the outside sound. To sound itself, being really awesome at times, to just down right horrible at others. Horns, Any type of deep bass sound of these engines are all but completely gone. Running the engines at high gear just becomes a mess of high pitched annoying overlapping sound, and horns being all the same on each loco, and rather boring at that.The game between bugs and optimizing has a long way to go but if you want a true train simulation, you will love it.Overall - I'm VERY pleased with what we have now. I love it! I see myself easily playing this game way more then the earlier titles. Each engine feels alittle different and the learning how they work is great. The things you can do both on foot and in the trains, from filling coal cars (I had a blast doing this), to refueling and decoupling rolling stock, the game gives you a lot to do.The lack of a free roam is a shame, their replacement, Service mode does not replace the original free roam where you could build a consist that you wanted. And Service mode in my opinion has it's own problem. Being a 24 hour timetable sounds great and it is, But being completely static is a WASTE! It's always the same trains on the route each time. It should have been dynamic!In time it will build into something beautiful. They have a great foundation down and for a price of 40$ it's well worth it. When DLC comes it will expand the current gameplay into a whole new era. Steam engines on this scale could be really amazing!Speaking of Steam engines, What about multiplayer?Multiplayer was a feature we was told that would come with the new UE4 engine. Still lacking it at launch but promises that it's coming later via a FREE patch / dlc, It's still very unclear how it will work. Personally how the game is working now I can see so many options that having a multiplayer mode would add to the game. The detail and options you can do would only get better with a buddy or some friends.I'll hold my judgement until they give us something. But I'm very excited for it.DoveTail done well on this game. I'm pleased with what all they did and thrilled to see where they go! Same goes for 3rd party! Some great talent out there."
,Recommended,530070,30567340,Posted: 17 March,all,© Blackday,"I'll start with like everyone else complaining about the poor optimization of the game but before that I'll like to talk about the pro sides of this game. I played this game during its beta and it was just very poorly optimized at that time but the game had so much potential that I made my mind to pre-order it. Now, after release it is way better than beta obviously they can't do just some kind of magic to make this 100% optimized in just 3 months after beta as the game was missing many features back then which needed to be added. In my point of view this game has so much potential and if you are really hardcore train sim fan you would'nt complain about the current state of the game. It has so many minute details added to it which takes time with the limited number of developers DTG has.In the end it is our choice either we accept it or reject it, but rejecting this sim game will be unjustifiable as we'll be throwing a beautiful game which had so much potential, down the drain."
,Not Recommended,530070,30547605,Posted: 16 March,all,thetyrdgmr,"First impressions of the game are mixed. It's great that Dovetail have finally re-invented the train simulator into what it was supposed to be a long time ago but after having all that time to prepare for launch I am sadly unimpressed with the optimisation. I play most games in 1080p with reasonable FPS but with this it's verging on awful. The wierd part is that I get more frames on ultra than I do on medium. If you haven't bought this game yet then it's worth waiting to see how it gets improved. Judging by the work they did on the previous version, I wouldn't hold your breath for it to be anytime soon."
,Not Recommended,530070,30599672,Posted: 18 March,all,Dany W. 2B-36,"This game has way too many bugs and is the worst optimized game i have seen in a long time. It also gives some stupid restriction that royally screw you sometimes. Like being telleported to the second engine @60mph and then being unable to go to the first loc again.I prepurchased this game because squirrel said it would be awsome. However, he disappointed. Again. After Fernbus, this is the second game he sold himself out to. Never trusting him again.*update 16/9/17*They released the first DLC. The DLC is full of problems. My tracks dissapear, there are some graphic glitches, passengers get stuck, hard to get a train in service. It needs some updating and polishing. But the idea is good.Another thing I have noticed, the motion blut isn't helping. It just looks awful when driving fast."
,Not Recommended,530070,30560474,Posted: 16 March,all,EE_Lightning,I'd like to know what the specs the devs had on their computers.. Because its absolute trash and I'm amazed anyone would release a game like this. It feels like a beta version and has Run8 V2 like graphics.. Quite sad considering a game (TANE) made by 10 stupid Australians is better at this point.. The game has room for improvment but they need to listen to their community more.
76561198012782123,Not Recommended,530070,30547756,Posted: 16 March,all,paullaker24,"Waited ages for this simulator. Downloaded it in the hopes that the reports of bad optimisation would be fixed. Starting it up , it seems that nothing has been optimised at all. fast pc and even on low settings the FPS was less than 9 i bad weather. Total waste of time imo. You will soon get bored of one route too. Don't waste your money. All ready applied for a refund! Won't be buying anymore DTG Games if this is what we can expect."
76561198162010533,Not Recommended,530070,30564592,Posted: 17 March,all,jasonevans.12366,The game seem to be awesome everything that I've been wanting for and train simulator but when I want to play it it just would not start kept freezing up and the mouse would not cooperate you're trying to look up or down and it would not move you try to walk around and nothing. They need to do a lot of improving on this game and when I get it all fixed and the bugs took out I'll be back till then I'm getting a full refund.
,Not Recommended,530070,30564725,Posted: 17 March,all,=SWF= Iwazzio,"In its current state I do not recommend this game, I will keep it because I know it will get better runnng an AMD Ryzen 1800X and Nvidia GTX1080 and only getting 25 FPS this game is highly unoptimized however features wise this game is jsut as good or greater than previous versions I give the game a 5/10 for release version Please dovetail fix our FPS!"
,Not Recommended,530070,30572656,Posted: 17 March,all,blob8108,"I really wanted to like this game. Turning down the graphics settings, I just about managed 20 FPS, but it varies directly with how much is on-screen. Two hours in I was just starting to enjoy the game, when I realised I couldn't stop the turntable in the right place because the frame rate had dropped under 5 FPS! I gave up and asked Steam for a refund. I'm sad and disappointed :-(My GTX 1060 happily runs Just Cause 3 at max settings and 1440p... and JC3 has an even bigger world than TSW does!"
76561198049365207,Not Recommended,530070,30618210,Posted: 19 March,all,"Chicken, Koolaid, Watermelon","In its current state, this game is not worth the purchase. Just like everyone else, the complaint of poor optimization is very apparent. During my ""4"" hours of gameplay, I was extremely happy with the level of realism however that doesn't make up for the lack of content or low frame rate."
,Not Recommended,530070,30571295,Posted: 17 March,all,Zeo,"I took part in Beta, for 3 days I made notes and had to keep going back to tutorial to understand everything about how to drive one train, I brought this as I was informed that simple controls were to be reintroduced but this doesn't appear to be the case, if you're looking for a casual easy to get in to game like TS20XX, this is not it, this game is pretyt much for advanced train simmers who have the time and knowledge to understand the workings of the game. I spent 30 minutes trying to move the train to get a message asking if you want to release control of the train, which I clicked yes, which brings me on to the next subject......Whilst for the breif 5 minutes of walking around the train outside, the graphics were pretty good, I couldn't fault the vibe of it all, I'm/was running a 1920x1080, 32GB DDR4 RAM, SSD, Intel 6700k at 4GHz with a 1080GTX and got roughly 50 to 60 FPS, I had just done a clean install of Windows 10 Professional is well with all the latest drivers.I also had issues where ' or was , didn't seem to stop the train so in the tutorial I had to just power the train up and run a red light to end tutorial, a bit strange.So why did I give a negative, well, basically this is NOT an easy game to get in to, you can no longer just bring up the HUD and pull the brakes down and throttle forward, you have to pull lots of levers, turn the camera around right left and center, get up and pull more levers behind you as wel las above you and finished off by going outside and doing something to the engine and whats best is, if you've forgotten the routine well it's rather stressful for those who are casual or who want to play it every other week because most of us have busy lives to live and don't have all the time in the world to understand the workings of the train, for the time being I'll go back to TS20XX."
,Not Recommended,530070,30579368,Posted: 17 March,all,HITMAN,Frame rate is too low. Ill come back when it is fixed. I have a pretty good setup with a 1080 and still getting 30 or below. This game is not optimized and only uses your CPU.
,Not Recommended,530070,30565055,Posted: 17 March,all,Cheetor,I honestly would not buy this game as it is due to the poor optimization on Dovetail Games part. Stuttering framerate on a machine that meets or in some categories exceeds the recommended specs raises a flag on what the developers were doing after the beta as it sure did not look like work went into fixing the framerate issues or audio issues that were mentioned. I can see that TSW has potential but it really needs to be pulled from the storefront and heavily reworked to meet that potential.
76561198249635090,Not Recommended,530070,30604736,Posted: 18 March,all,jayirvinh,"I've played 3 hours and Im very disapointed. I have not found anything I like about the game. I am lucky to ever get 40fps.I loaded many cars with coal, started rolling and the game quit with erro, train derailed. What I was going to fast ? I dont know. I don't like having to weezel my way in to the engineer seat.I just wanted to drive a train out through some scenery. Well I got driving but it was pitch dark. I drove and drove in the dark.Oh well maybe I'll find something I like if I keep looking."
76561198007593964,Not Recommended,530070,30614678,Posted: 19 March,all,billynomates,looks like it has the potential to be a great game bug wow the lag is amazing i have a very hi spec pc all hand build with an asus god of war GPU and it still runs like crap i would tell anyone wanting this game as much as me to WAIT until they get this sorted or fixed i have played it for 5 minutes and i already feel sick just with the graphics. DOVETAIL SORT IT OUT FOR GODS SAKE YOU HAVE RUINED A BRILLIANT GAME IDEA
76561197980526599,Recommended,530070,31964170,Posted: 25 May,all,LangWang420,"Really enjoying this simulator. Love the physic's and sounds of the roaring engines. Hope that there are some optimization patches, but also more locomotives! I hope you guys can incorporate Southern Pacific and maybe the Donner Pass. Anyways, as a somewhat new release I am happy with what I see."
76561198042264984,Recommended,530070,32048669,Posted: 29 May,all,dddaaazzz,"I've now spent about 50 hours playing CSX: Heavy Haul, and I'd say far more effort went into making it look good than making it a better simulator than TS2017.  Secondly, in that many hours I've done about all the things I can do it in.Some impressions:1. Buggy - This really had way too many bugs to be released. I'm a software developer, but I felt more like I was at my second job on their test team.  This release feels like marketing needed to hit a date and get revenue, and customer experience was removed from consideration.  Some of the big and small frustrations I experienced:* On a downhill slope of 1.5%, notching the throttle down slows a 50-70 car loaded train.  How could that possibly have gone unnoticed in something designed to be a SIMULATOR?  You'd know more about physics if your only experience was watching the Roadrunner cartoon.* Signals never change, preventing you from completing scenarios* Basic math like the number of yards in a mile appears to be out of reach. 1 mile = 5280 feet / 3 feet/yard = 1760 yards.  I wish we used metric in the U.S., but if you're going to measure in miles and yards, how hard can it be to do that math?* Snow disappears in ice & snow scenario, and it's one of only a handful of scenarios.  Really?  So few and still untested?Yes, there are big challenges moving to a new graphics engine, but it may have been too much too soon.  While the modeling of swinging airlines is a nice realistic touch, that clearly could have been put on the ""later"" list so they could focus on the core reliability and performance of the simulator. To their credit, things are improving noticeably as V4 is now out.2. Boring Scenarios - I much prefer the puzzles and challenges of switching over long-haul runs.  I was very surprised how few scenarios were included, and how little switching is involved considering this simulator is focused exclusively on freight.  Taking a train from one place to another on the mainline can have its challenges (assuming the throttle and braking are somewhat realistic), but ultimately freight is about getting stuff from supplier to consumer.  Lots of room to take this realistic world and build trains from sidings, take them somewhere, then delivery the goods.  The Empire Builder board game has more interesting railroading.3.  Closed World - During the years of development of CSX, you'd think they must have built some tools similar to the World Editor of TS2017 for use internally that could have  been released to users.  At least a consist and scenario builder if not the whole World Editor.Portal 2 still has new scenarios being built by users more than six years after it was released because it has a decent built-in editor, not to mention the wide-open possibilities when using their stand-alone editor.  Imagine what CSX and the Unreal Engine could be with the same tools."
76561197969030562,Recommended,530070,33753326,Posted: 23 July,all,Pizzicato,"It's early days and I'll revisit this review as I progress. I bought this yesterday because of the weekend bundle deal with the Great Western DLC. I love the British passenger routes in the TS20XX series, but I've never been a fan of freight or the US routes, so I'd steered clear of TSW: CSX to this point.My initial impressions having worked through all of the tutorials are really positive. It runs really smoothly even on ultra (with the caveat that I have a very top end PC). The UI feels a lot cleaner and more intuitive than the TS20XX UI, and there's a much greater sense of mass and inertia to the various trains. The external camera systems feel a bit easier and more user-friendly, too, and the ability to walk around in first person adds a lot more charm and personality than I was expecting.There's still time for this to go sideways as I dig a little deeper into the experience, but I'm really enjoying my first steps into the new world of TSW."
76561198007282130,Not Recommended,530070,30573747,Posted: 17 March,all,gmarseglia,We had a simulation. Now we have a video game
76561198008663478,Not Recommended,530070,35100079,Posted: 21 September,all,Aldeber,"I've played more than 2200 hours of Dovetail's previous Train Simulator (I own it since the very first release which was called rail simulator), mostly making routes in  the editor... I want to love this game and I think someday I will, but I cannot recommend TSW at the moment, because it has the same faults as Train Simulator:* Lines are devoid of life: there is simply not enough trains running on the line, especially on the Great Western line which should be very busy* Signals are mostly stuck to ""green"": in the options screen, we should have a slider to set the level of ""unexpected reds"" we wish to see to keep us on alert* Sound are poorly related to the environment, so the in-cab experience is not that great* The camera is clunky, we want a free camera! :)* The lines are too short* There is only a few scenariosOn the bright side:* Graphics are enhanced, notably on the Great Western line, less visible on the CSX line* The scoring system and tutorials are somewhat smarter* The cabin is way more realistic, and so is the engine modelOn the unknown-yet side:* AI behavior: in TSX, AI was awful to say the least...* routes design: TSX editor was GREAT, hope these sound principles will be carried on and enriched* scenarios design: hope they will not be as scripted as in TSX, we should have something adaptative and dynamicNow waiting for signals to be less green and the editor to be as good as in TSX :)"
,Not Recommended,530070,35003448,Posted: 16 September,all,Sporticus,"Apart from getting out the cab and having to walk around, it's really no different to train simulator in my opinion, not really worth buying in current state if your a train simmer already. New to trainsim and it's a good place to enter the community."
,Not Recommended,530070,35225975,Posted: 26 September,all,Overlag,"GWR addon. Constant crashes, very poor fps through stations, messed up sounds, and the line is too short.  Wait a few months so they can fix the game before buying into this."
76561197971825360,Recommended,530070,33983876,Posted: 2 August,all,rickbarrett,"So there seems to be a TON of complainers out there, quite happy to say this game is crap but missing the point of it entirely. Well let me say from the start that it is NOT crap & is infact a fantastically immersive experience. Yes there is not the scope of TS17 with regards to the sheer amount of routes, scenarios & locos to play with but if you buy this thinking it will be that then you've missed the point & should just stick with TS until there is more of a world to have a go at in this game. What this is is a very detailed & immersive simulation that is currently narrowed to a single route, you walk around, you interact with literally evrything & it feels much more like 'being there' than TS17 does. You have to remember that TS has been going quite a while now & has the benefit of a huge modding community to support it. Once this game starts adding more to its world there will simply be no comparison between them.Now, down to the performance, well it looks simply amazing for a start & I for one am having no issues whatsoever. As a guide for you it is running super smooth at 2560x1080 on ultra detail settings, using an i5-4690 3.50GHz quad core cpu, 32GB ram & a GTX1080. You know it's going to look good from the video & screens above & so you know it's going to need some relatively decent hardware to make it look like that so ignore the idiots who have a $500 PC & who are complaining it won't run well at max settings....All in all VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to those looking for a more immersive simulation. If you just want a ride on a train stick with TS17 for now."
76561198081622223,Not Recommended,530070,32700610,Posted: 23 June,all,Pippy929,"I feel that this could be a cool game if you do not have a quality setup.  The graphics are amazing if your machine could handle it (which mine coulden't unless I turned them down to medium and then I was only getting 20-30 fps).  The sounds are realistic and cool.  What realy turned me off was how boring and tedious it was to drive a train.  I play Farming simulator and that game can be fun and a little tedious but trains simulator is quite boring. There is a preset end goal that takes a long time to get to. like go hook up to some cars in another town.  Well that takes a long time, at least 30 minute to do.  While in farming simulator there is a choice of end goals.  During that 30 minute there is litteraly nothing to do except for fly around in free camera and watch your train go by again and again untill you have to actually do somthing like stop.  This game is not worth the 30 some dollers that I paid for it. :("
,Not Recommended,530070,33844029,Posted: 27 July,all,MytrainONPCin720p,Dont buy Unless you got a High end PC
76561198060797473,Not Recommended,530070,31985023,Posted: 26 May,all,WcCrupper,"Don't. Just don't. Bad FPS, when it'll start, Horrible sound details. Take the bad aspects of TS 20XX and multiply it by 8. Save your money."
,Not Recommended,530070,31826097,Posted: 18 May,all,Broodmes,Incredibly buggy. wouldn't recommend.
76561198032833797,Recommended,530070,30628596,Posted: 19 March,all,mosby0393,"Ok, so I personally don't regret buying this game. I also think that those who post bad reviews on it should make their criticism as constructive as possible to let the devs know we like that they are trying to enhance the train sim experience, and there are simply some bugs that need to be worked out. Its a brand new game, and so bugs and other problems are to be expected. In the haters defense, I do have the same issue with low frame rates, and very occasional lag spikes. I'm running an ASUS ROG-20 CB with an intel I-7 core with NVidia Ge force graphics cards, and 16GB or RAM. So yes, even multi thousand dollar gaming pcs have low frame rates and lag spikes with this game. However, I'm sure they can iron these out with patches and I'm used to having to play games on cheap Wal-Mart laptops, so I guess this doesn't bother me as much as others. It still runs more than good enough for me to play and enjoy playing for hours on end. For someone that wants to be an engineer for real, I can really appreciate the new features, like being able to walk around and climb on the equipment. Not to mention being able to actually refuel locomotives, and start them up or shut them down by actually throwing the switches and buttons, and not by pressing the Z key like in the railworks series. I know it will just get better with time and I think while there are some issues, this game shows a lot of promise."
,Not Recommended,530070,30545720,Posted: 16 March,all,ffwjag,Lags like crazy for no real reason. Had to run it on almost minimum settings to get it to run at a decent fps on a decently large graghics card.. and the ramdom freezing ect ect.Clearly wasn't tested fully as on first senario i randomly popped on to the rear train  at 50mph and couldnt get back to the front to stop it or do anything..  apart from restart the game lolBadly needs to be upadated.(Will change this review if things get fixed)
76561198007429344,Recommended,530070,30584446,Posted: 17 March,all,RolandBP,"If you have been fortunate to have this game running satisfactorally on your PC, then you will IMO be enjoying this nice new experience on this picturesque route.PROs: This new HUD is great, lots of information in a more secluded way to the Train Simulator versions.Some interesting scenarios: one that shows you how to start-up a Diesel Loco, I didn't think I would have liked this much, but I found it an interesting change from just driving.CONs: Only one thing I could think of, regarding one scenario where you attach a pair of locos at the rear of a long train, then have to walk a mile to the front of the train to drive it. Perhaps a vehicle could be provided to get a crew from one end of a long train to the other end, as is done {I believe} in some large yards.Overall I am enjoying it, now that I have it running."
,Recommended,530070,30566076,Posted: 17 March,all,[WW] Cameron's Gaming,"This is an absolutely fantastic simulation. From graphics to detail, it's very nice indeed. Though it is lacking in content and features it does have some nice little details in the menu system, for example the menu, after you select your character, shows the sky based on your computer's clock. Another thing is the music, it changes when you go to select a scenario or tutorial.Let's move on to the actual game. The performance I get on my system is about 40-50 FPS when on foot off a train, and 30-40 FPS when on a train, on medium settings. I have 16GB RAM, an AMD FX 8350 8-core processor running at 4GHz and an AMD Radeon R9 380 Graphics card. The trains are very highly detailed, in that the physics make it feel like you're hauling a big train, when accellerating. The trains brake a bit too quickly for my liking. There's also lots of buttons and switches which you can spend an alarming amount of time seeing what combinations of buttons do what. I particularly like the swinging connectors on the front of the train and on each wagon (although this becomes hyper annoying when the game lags and they tend to go flying when you change the camera from the front of the train to the back, needs fixing) and I particularly love the first-person aspect. Train Sim has been waiting too long for that.In conclusion, though it is a very nice simulator with a LOT of potential, I'd say wait until Multiplayer comes (something I'm very hyped for - don't muck it up, DTG!) and until bugs are ironed out and there's just in general more routes and trains.Please comment below if you have questions."
,Not Recommended,530070,30559960,Posted: 16 March,all,NWCreations,"This game sucks unless you have a 2,000 dallor gaming computer with the most advance graphics card avaliable. Hell its worse than the beta. Even with all the settings off or low the game sucks, and when you turn the graphics to low a lot of scenery items dissapear. I DO NOT SUGGEST THIS GAME UNTIL they work on it and make it so the majority of people can get it."
76561198300495369,Not Recommended,530070,30548092,Posted: 16 March,all,F13KingKiller,"it wont even open for me. i press start and it takes a minute then it shows up and just sits at a black screen after that.. then it says its not responding, i dont understand why its not opening i have plenty of space on my computer. it can run high quality flight sims no problem"
76561197997950333,Recommended,530070,30597941,Posted: 18 March,all,[BT]Vorden,"I think this is the update that us train sim fans have been looking for, improved graphics, fully interactive cabs, the ability to walk around and get off the train. Manually refuel locomotives, improved physics and sounds, entirely modeled 24hr timetable, the list goes on.  Some complaining about low fps but for me it seems to hover around 45fps out driving a train, dropping to mid 20s in congested areas, hopefully this will be improved in future patches but it is certainly playable and quite enjoyable.  I am enjoying the realism of the scanarios complete with voice acting.  If you like trains and have a decent computer, then I highly recomend!"
76561198054693894,Recommended,530070,30585985,Posted: 18 March,all,kitty4427,"This game needs lots of CPU power. I only recommend it if you have a quad-core Intel CPU at 4+GHz. I'm running it on medium graphics at 1080p and get 30-40FPS most of the time.Other than poor performance, it's a pretty good train sim. Definitely feels like the next generation simulator that we wanted.My specs:i5-3570K 4.5GHzGTX 670 2GB8GB DDR3"
76561198078465124,Recommended,530070,30562401,Posted: 16 March,all,Mauro,"Great simulator, at first it did not load and had to re run the game several times. Finally it worked.I did the tutorials and although the frame rate is low (below 35 fps on a GTX960 OC stryx) the game looks great. I hope you release a patch for better performance soon.It would be great if you add some passenger trains in the future."
76561198007313116,Not Recommended,530070,30604440,Posted: 18 March,all,Rever,"This is the first time I have reviewed a game. I'll make it breif. This game has potential, but it really should be an early access $20 game at this point.The graphics look good, but need optimization. If you have a low to mid level graphics card don't buy it. Even the high end cards are having issues.The content is limited. There are only 3 train types. The tutorials are repetitive and very shallow. There are too few scenerios to justify the price tag. You'll be done them in a couple of days.The train controls are ok, but can't be rebound, which is a pain for me because I use a left handed mouse. The hud for train control is nice.The game play is poor. It might just be me, but I don't want to have to climb out of the cab and walk a quarter of a mile to switch the tracks. While that might be realistic, it takes forever. The map doesn't show you which way the switches are pointing and it looks like you should be able to switch tracks from there like TS 2017, but it doesn't seem to work. They put these big 'what is ahead' markers that block your veiw of the actual signals and that totally ruin the imersion for me. I miss the old 'what's ahead' hud that TS2017 had. So maybe I am missing something, but why not a tutorial on the settings instead of 3 identical tutorial for each train. I could go on but you get the idea.The piece de resistance - in the few hours that I play, I had the scenerios/tutorials lock up about 4 times. I say 4, but it might have been about 8.If you want to support Dovetails development of this game then your $40 is well spent. I do not doubt that Dovetail will continue working on the game. Otherwise this is an over-hyped poor quality game and I would not recomend buying it at this time. Wait until you can get the game with a DLC bundle on sale. Maybe in a year, I would think. If you don't beleive me go watch some Youtube."
,Not Recommended,530070,30615616,Posted: 19 March,all,Twitch,"Getting very low FPS tried playing the game on medium settings and got a awesome 20fps -.- Hopefully this is fixed in a patch as this looks like a fun and interesting game :OGPU: GeForce GTX 1070CPU: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-4790 CPU @ 3.60GHzMemory: 16 GB RAM (15.85 GB RAM usable)Current resolution: 2560 x 1080, 60HzOperating system: Microsoft Windows 10 Pro"
,Recommended,530070,30560661,Posted: 16 March,all,|  UK  | Tw@rog68,"Ok most know me as T .... the whinger of train sim.... never happy.Well heres my honest opinion of csx heavy haul.At start was not to sure about the game after seeing youtube videos.At the start of my game I had a few issues with controls in one train in scenario one....seemed the train wouldn`t start after a fault. ( will retest this scenario later )went onto another scenario and ran a red, went in side of another train and rubber banded like hell. ( found out later, head ons end the game but as of yet no side crash mechanics ) this was fine by me as i caused crash.As i progressed the game ran at a steady 40fps maxed out.People actually said after seeing my gameplay and sticking with it, they actually went and brought the product.If you are a train sim veteran.... its easy to play.... maps a bit weird... just follow brown, and route all good, but new players may feel a bit overwhelmed.All in all a great improvement.... well worth a look..... would i say buy?  ( now come on... its T.... you will have to decide that for yourself lol.)  9/10"
,Recommended,530070,30568713,Posted: 17 March,all,Limmin,"It's a winner.Pros:- Runs just as well on my two-year old, mid-to-good gaming PC* as TS2017/2016.- Looks FAR nicer.  The level of detail, reflections, etc. are fantastic.- Much greater sense of freedom and immersion.  You can move from train to train through the yard, walk along your own train, open panels, flick all switches, see the conductor sitting there.- You can pretty much do whatever you want in ""Service Mode.""  Service mode simulates the daily operation (daily train schedule) for CSX along this line, so trains are pretty much shuttling back and forth, avoiding each other at junctions, etc.  So you really can just sit back and pretend to be a railfan in this game.- Choose your starting location, time of day, season of the year, weather etc. in Service Mode.- Screenshot photos look quite good for once, with the high-res textures and bright clear colors.- They still track ""experience points"" based on what you do and how you do it, but it does not force you to always drive ""0.9 miles per hour over the line speed limit"" in order to avoid lateness penalties.  So the atmosphere is a bit more relaxing.- Train physics are outstanding.Cons- Sounds are pretty good, but some seem ""missing.""  The sounds are a bit inconsistent.- There are some places and activities that push my frame rate down to less than 20 fps, but generally this doesn't happen, and as I said above, it was the same experience with TS2017.- It's a US freight train route, no passengers.  This seems to upset so many people I'm listing it here, but for me, I actually prefer trains from my neighborhood (which these CSX units happen to be, now nice).Summary:Opens up some entirely new dimensions of train sim enjoyment, you won't want to miss it.  If not now, then get it when your favorite route arrives as DLC.*Stock, Intel i5, NVIDIA GTX 960 with 2GB, 8GB Ram, regular spinning platter hard drives.  Nothing special."
76561198096097375,Recommended,530070,30609567,Posted: 19 March,all,daafies,very enjoyable. turn down graphics a bit and it runs well enough
,Not Recommended,530070,30546285,Posted: 16 March,all,Cameron80104,"Thanks for the let down DTG, was really excited for this but the optimisation hasn't really improved from the beta. I have an I5-6500 @ 3.2 GHz and a GTX980 I would expect better performance than 15-25 FPS ON LOW SETTINGS!!!!. Really dissapointed as such I am considering getting a refund!"
,Recommended,530070,34924678,Posted: 13 September,all,Yan Malinovskiy,Waiting for German Add-on...
,Recommended,530070,34954560,Posted: 14 September,all,Driftgod,"runs like a dream, even with my horribly outdated cpu.this is what train sim should have been.edit: most of the bugs I was gonna mention have been fixed in the newest patch. I can recommend this even more now."
76561198042847544,Recommended,530070,31780608,Posted: 15 May,all,Harmer,"Here's my review after over 140 hours of play.First I need to qualify myself, as this is my first review. I'm a sim gamer, pure and simple. My most played games are Arma3 (1000+ hrs), Cliffs of Dover (500+ hrs) and DCS (600+ hrs).A (fair) bit further down the list are Train sims (TS2017), ETS2, and motor racing titles.Let me address the biggest gripe of CSX Heavy Haul. Frame rates.It's a fact of life. Cliffs Of Dover is an old game (2011), but get on a server and an AI spawn in will kill the frame rates for a second or two. So will Arma3, so will DCS. Hell, I even get it in TS2017 on my aging PC.It can be annoying, but it doesn't promp me to demand my money back or stop playing the game. I guess I'm easily satisfied.Next, I don't drive the trains simulated in the game for a living. I don't know (or really care - to a certain extent) how accurate they are.So, I've stopped playing TS 2017 as the graphics in CSX are far, far better. I like the idea of being able to get in and out of trains, operate turntables and re-fueling. I approach the services menu much as I would do a delivery in European Truck Simulater 2. It simulates what I imagine an engineers job driving on the Sand Patch Route would entail.Now to the content. They're are 46 scenarios (service + object based). There is a limited sand-box mode. It is possible to create your own scenarios (I have two currently listed in the Guides section) and a list of achievements to attempt.All in all, I compare this favourably with ETS2 where I'm looking for a relaxed session of gaming and won't get a scenario closed out early because I failed the mission parrameters. Sure, it has inperfections, but I rate it the best Train Sim currently available. Hopefully the future will improve this title.Do I recommend this game? Hard to say.I'd recommend this game to simulator enthusiats who are slighly boring, ex-train spotting, over middle-aged and have plenty of time on their hands while waiting for the next instalment of Star Citizen.And we all know how much we've spent on that incomplete game, don't we?"
76561198128716796,Not Recommended,530070,30546705,Posted: 16 March,all,ZSOLOM,I may update later but for now the game is very laggy eaven in it's lowest settings and then it crashes when you are anywhere near the loco.
76561198011331083,Recommended,530070,32260370,Posted: 7 June,all,Big Lebowski,"This game just blew train simulator out of the water! Cant wait to see whats next, please consider passneger service."
,Recommended,530070,33682461,Posted: 20 July,all,Quentin Jericho,"Very surprised by this actually. Graphics are great, sounds are awesome, a lot of attention to details in the cabs, engines, etc... For now this one has one US route but it has way more detail than the rest. Controls are great, awesome to be able to use a controller, only thing that it needs is optimization. Game runs smooth for the most part on ultra but some drops are noticeable. The clickable ""cockpits"" and the ability to walk around are purely awesome. It's a 10 for me. Can't wait for GWR to release !"
76561198168861595,Recommended,530070,33529573,Posted: 13 July,all,conductor_mtm,This reminded me of the fun and tedium I had when I worked on the real railroad over 15 years ago.  The major dissapointment was that I could not open the toilet doors.  I was wondering if the programmers could reproduce just how filthy and fetid those things are.  This would make for good DLC!
,Not Recommended,530070,35052650,Posted: 18 September,all,Ryder,"Performance sucks♥♥♥♥♥ Changing quiality to lowest adds only 10 fps or even less!Rails disappear sometimes.Passengers are stupid and lifeless - standing and staring in one direction, not talking etc.Sound is buggy - sometimes cant hear horn or everything is too quiet.Visual bugs (look for screenshots people are posting - a freaking joke).Looks nothing like in trailer or screenshots.Constant stutters and freezes, not even talking about crashes.2.5 trains and 1.7 scenarios available.Beta-Junk, like many other titles on steam these days. Please stop making early access games and call it full game.Even No mans sky's better!"
76561198038692985,Recommended,530070,30608617,Posted: 18 March,all,mdschrier,"Giving credit where credit is due... DTG far exceeded my expectations with TSW.  I've played it for about 10 hours and am very impressed!  Performance is adequate on my system (4790K oc'd to 4.6 with an old GTX770) using the ""high"" preset at 1920x1080.  Frames average in the 30's... higher with shorter consists and out in the country... a little lower (mid 20's) in the yard and when other trains are nearby.  While it could probably use a little optimizing, it is certainly not unplayable like some reviews have implied.  People need to remember that this is a sim, not a shooter... it's not going to (and doesn't need to) hit 60 fps using today's hardware.Visuals are gorgeous.  The models exceed anything I've ever seen in a sim.  The level of detail (especially with the trees) does decrease a bit rapidly with distance; but the close-up textures are SO detailed, I imagine they had to dial in the LOD circles to maintain performance.  The night lighting and weather effects are exquisite (my only complaint is that the STARS are huge and overly bright on clear nights).I've never been anything more than a casual train driver, so I can't comment on the physics; but everything feels about right to me.  It seems like it's much easier to control speed than in previous versions.  Controls are all logical and menu layout is much less confusing than the old TS versions.  I do agree with others that they should allow users to change the keybindings though.  I really love how I have to get off the train and walk down to the track to manually switch the rails (but can also do it via the map if I'm feeling lazy).While you only get 3 freight locomotives and a single 60-mile route in Maryland/Pennsylvania, the scenery is beautiful with a huge amount of detail.  It seems DTG has adopted a quality over quantity approach this time around... and that works for me.  I probably have 10 routes that I bought on sale for the old TS series that I never even loaded up.  Overall, I think DTG has a winner with TSW and look forward to seeing what third-party content becomes available in the future."
76561198220416277,Not Recommended,530070,33370898,Posted: 8 July,all,emreturker,"Total DisappointmentNot a game, not a simulation. Just fancy 3d model of 3 locomotives which you can move forward and backward if nothing goes wrong."
76561198238392600,Not Recommended,530070,30894480,Posted: 2 April,all,Carcharoth,"Ok, so now after 3 months, 130 hours, 2200miles driven, all tutorials, mission and services completed I MUST change review I gave this game few weeks after release and I will now explain why. So to keep it simple I will just write down all things that are good or been fixed and what is wrong:Good:- FPS is now at acceptable levels. i7 4790k and GTX970 on max setting 1080p is making 50FPS- sounds are now more realisticand that's it....BAD:- Throttle control totally not realistic and it was known problem from BEGINNING and nothing was done with it.- Last patch that gave us YN2 paint scheme just f....ked up totally braking system making it also TOTALLY NOT REALISTIC.- and 50 other bugs that are so annoying that arent fixed since RELEASE....To sum it up:- Avarge player count is now 50....- DGT wont release any new patches because who rapair game for 50 people????- Wait for new DLC and play it only for 2 hours so you can ask for refund.Dont buy this game. Graphics are nice but after 10 hours it will be just boring bug fest with unrealistic controls and physics."
76561198025999795,Recommended,530070,32072041,Posted: 30 May,all,Mondyrocks,"I've held off from reviewing this game for a while, to give the developers a chance to implement some patches, though why they would release the game in such a broken state, as complete, is a complete mystery to me.You need a super computer to run this, at anything approaching acceptible frame rates.Scenery pops into view and the engine slows to a chug when another train passes.This game uses the UE4 engine and it's laughable that it was released in a, supposedly, completed state.Have I said that already? Well I'll just re-emphasise it!It's abysmally optimised. it's such a shame that software is not covered by the trades descriptions act because this shamble of a game is a joke and is tantamount to highway robbery!My advice to anyone is to avoid like the plague and come back in 6 months or so to see how the game is developing because at the moment it's just not worth it.With dovetails track record I wouldn't hold your breath though!Plus pointsTrain models look decent.Minus pointsVERY poorly optimisedVERY poor framerates on anything except a super computer.Stutter when loading scenery and passing other trains.Various other bugs, traffic signals stuck on red, game save sometimes not working.This game has been out for 2 and a half months and they have just introduced redefinable keys, yes you heard correctly, it's taken 2 and a half months to implement it!Players with foreign keyboards have not been able to use certain functions because of this!Did I say it's taken 2 and a half months to implement this??Score1/10Must do better, see me after class!Review update, 14th September 2017.DTG have released a major performance patch for this game today, plus a dlc.Firstly to the patch.This has improved frame rates substantially, probably by 25% at least.I had a quick go on this after it was patched and I'm very pleased with the results.My review score is, therefore being changed.New Score  7/10Only 7/10 because I'm not keen on freight operations. Anyone that is and if you have a decent system, then I can recommend this game.No one has been more critical of DTG than me over this game but it looks like they are coming good so kudos to them!Next to the DLC.It's a passenger (with minimal freight) route from London Paddington to Reading and is 32 miles in length.While 32 miles isn't all that long, especially when driving the hst at 125mph, it's been magnificently realised.The quality of the trains and scenery is outstanding and it runs really nicely.It does drop down to 25fps at the odd time but is hardly noticeable.There are very few stutters either (the bane of ts 2017) which is a real bonus.Well done to DTG, this is, by far, my favourite route, surpassing all my TS2017 routes.It's early days but I give the DLC 9/10.If you like passenger routes it really is a must buy!"
,Not Recommended,530070,30559929,Posted: 16 March,all,thebigstickihityouwith,"I don't know what to say. I have a headache from how low the frame rate is.If it looks as good as the screenshots and promo videos... well I'd still not be OK with it because of the headache I now have.I'm going back to TS 2017. It ran better and looked not much worse.I'll change my recommendation when it's had some time spent on optimisation. Until then, save yourself the money and the headache."
76561198010830117,Recommended,530070,30575718,Posted: 17 March,all,gwgardner,"I'm admittedly just getting started with TSW, but so far I'm thrilled and excited with it.  The visuals are stunning.  The sounds are like being right there in real life.  Tutorials are well done, and the play aids (the HUD, the objectivemarkers, etc.)while running a scenario are good.I suggest that anyone who's been disappointed, due to graphics lag especially, give it some time.  I have an Nvidia 1060 card and the sim is running beautifully.After years with MSTS, Trainz, and Railworks/TS (all of which I've enjoyed), TSW is definitely like stepping into a new world of simulation."
,Recommended,530070,30561979,Posted: 16 March,all,MILW_Guy,"Unlike everyone else, I'm not writing a review to b*tch about the framerate. The graphics are beautiful, but the realism in terms of operation is lacking. For instance, there's no controlling the angle ♥♥♥♥♥, the physics aren't that good, there's no airflow indicator, brake hoses are too short, all the horns are the same, and the EMD prime mover sounds are♥♥♥♥♥♥ One thing I do like is the (minor) functionality of the MFDs in the AC4400 such as slow speed settings, distance counter settings, and other stuff. Although the text is so small on the screens that it's nearly impossible to run the AC4400 without the HUD. One thing that really turns me off is the loading physics of the locomotives. For instance, I was taking 2 light SD40-2s up a 1.5% grade at notch 5 at 40 MPH and the HUD and ammeter both read 0 amps. That just doesn't sound right. As for the details, I don't understand why they thought it was critical that the player had to be able to control every single circuit breaker, or be able to crawl inside an autorack for no reason. And what's with the collectible hats and the awards for manipulating any of the controls? This is more of a game than a simulator. I would take Run8 over this game any day. However beings that this is just the beginning, I can't say that I'm not excited to see what will come to this game in the future..."
,Recommended,530070,30568800,Posted: 17 March,all,austinonevia,"Aside from the performance issues, this game is very impressive. Extremely realistic and very fun. I hope this game continues to be optimized and has more content added, overall I am very happy I purchased it. The graphics look great and there is so much detail. It runs at 40-45FPS on my GTX970 and i7 6700k, sometimes dips to 25-30FPS when there are tons of locomotives and freight cars around me. If you can get over the poor optimization, I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,530070,30581091,Posted: 17 March,all,xSadr,"Overall, I am very pleased with this new game from Dovetail Games. Yes the optimization of the game is very poor but I have been told by them that they are working very hard on fixing the optimization. People say, ""Well if it's not optimized properly, then why release it?"" They released it because they want to get it out to community so they can see where they really need to work on the optimization and fix bugs and other issues. I have encountered that in some spots of the route, the game runs rather fine. Others such as Cumberland Yard, not so much. When doing the tutorial for the turntable, everything runs rather on the good side. When operating the turntable, it's horrible. Lag everywhere and you lose a lot of frame rate. When you set the turntable to pull the locomtive onto it and you get out of the operators seat, everything run back to normal. So yes, there is quite a lot they need to fix but they have stated that they are working hard on fixing it and have been since the beta. I would give this title a 6/10 as of right now only for the lack off optimization and some other minor things I've personally noticed. Still would highly recommend purchasing it."
76561198085835016,Recommended,530070,30615339,Posted: 19 March,all,jwallace,So far a great. detailed train sim (with several bugs). Hope they add more content soon!
,Recommended,530070,30585200,Posted: 18 March,all,Firefighter092,"TL;DR: Not bad. Recommended for medium-high to high end computers.Full review:Is it perfect? No. There are bugs and performance optimizations that I'm sure can be made.Is it everything I hoped for and then some? No.Is it what i expected for a first release? Heck yeah! (and I mean that in a good way)The first release of TSW has certainly come a long way since the beta. It has definitely been optimized quite a bit more and (obviously) theres quite a few more features. A lot of reviews I'm seeing complain about performance. Well DUH! It's running on U4. Anyone with half a brain knows that U4 is a very intensive engine that will beat even the most powerful of computers into submission. I'm running most of the settings in the high range and backed a few down to the medium range. I think it still looks pretty good.There are a few bugs, as with any first release, but I haven't found any that are game-breaking or make it unplayable. I wish there was a way to hook together your own consist in the yard and take it across the route. This is currently not possible but who knows what the future holds. I imagine we'll have to wait for a scenario editor for something like that. The tutorials are somewhat lacking. I actually have the real world manuals of each locomotive so it was easy to translate that into TSW for myself but newer users may have some problems. That being said, I'm impressed with the level of detail the designers put into TSW. There are a lot of features that are on the actual locos that I would have never expected in a simulator.In a time where developers will just release whatever garbage they can sling out it's refreshing to see that Dovetail took their time with this one and made it into something special. There is an absolutely ENORMOUS amout of potential in the new TSW engine and system. I can't help but wonder what the future holds for it. My mind immediately goes to the SEPTA R2 in Philadelphia or the Chunnel trains in europe. If this is the future of Train Sim then I'm full of anticipation.Kudos to the TSW Team! You've started something wonderful.My specs:Windows 7 64-bitIntel i7 4790K @4.00 GHz16 GB RAMNvidia Geforce GTX 970Installed on WD Black Drive"
76561198232855544,Not Recommended,530070,30568387,Posted: 17 March,all,littletracker95,i have no issue runnig this game at all and runs nice but if they want a 5 star i want to see free dlc soon more engines and more routes and not to pay out the butt for them.
,Not Recommended,530070,35284861,Posted: 29 September,all,ETSrinivas,"Its not yet a game for the average rig. My good old rig maxes at single digit fps right now, with frequent stutters, regular momentary freeze on performing any action. Might play a year or even several later when todays standards top end rig will become average rated, common and affordable (provided DTG does not raise the bar again with updates by then)."
76561198044013226,Recommended,530070,30560093,Posted: 16 March,all,Ze Amerrorist,"Bad framerate, but a lot of potential."
76561198118685235,Recommended,530070,32128079,Posted: 2 June,all,MrSmoofy,"Still A LOT of bugs to work out.  Overall it's pretty fantastic.  Many features are missing.  My biggest gripe though is that if you make any mistakes during a senerio they are not always apparent and will cause the problems later in the senerio so you might spend 2+ hours hauling a train only to find out you messed up somewhere and it won't complete forcing you to start over.Another gripe is the train horn, while it sounds authentic it doesn't shut off like I think it should.  When you press the horn it ramps up and then when you release it just cuts off like a switch and thats now how train horns work there is a ramp up and ramp down.Also seems there is not a lot of instruction on achievemts you can get you just have to stumble upon them.This game is more like an alpha/beta but it does have great potential to be a fantastic train simulator."
76561198116558331,Recommended,530070,32188267,Posted: 4 June,all,TXMichael,I love this game.  The graphics are fantastic and the scenarios are fun.  I hope Dove comes out with more content soon.
76561198095933851,Not Recommended,530070,31893164,Posted: 21 May,all,InvisibleRaid,This game is boring. All you do is press a and d to increase speed. On some of the senarios you can take a nap if you wanted too while you wait for the senario to finish. This game cost as much as Overwatch without the skins. ITS AT TRAP.
,Recommended,530070,30580645,Posted: 17 March,all,Phazon88,"This is the start of what will be a fantastic new series for train fans. The level of detail the developers have achieved using the Unreal 4 engine and their Simugraph simulation engine is nothing short of amazing. The ability to walk on foot and move about the train and railroad just makes the game so much more immersive and really helps draw you in and allows you to appreciate the scale and detail of the trains and the route.The trains, rolling stock and route are modelled in very fine detail. The lighting is also some of the best I've seen in a simulator.The tutorials on offer help teach you the basics and there is a manual as well that details some of the more advanced functions such as setting up trains as multiple units. I would have liked to seen tutorials cover the trains in more detail such as performing cold starts but the information is at least available in the manual.The game offers a selection of scenarios as well that cover some of the main areas on the route, the scenarios include some good voice-over work which is a nice touch.There is also a service mode which is basically a 24-hour timetable of train services that run across the route that you can interact with as well, riding on or driving trains or just observing them on-foot.The game does still need some optimisation work and given the level of detail its best played on a powerful computer. That said it is a brand new engine with some strong capabilities (64-bit, DX12 support) so the developers have alot of room to improve it."
76561197998178601,Not Recommended,530070,30600635,Posted: 18 March,all,King Sirloin,"Performance wise I had a few glitches and frame-rate issues, but for the gameplay itself, I don't have much enjoyment sitting in front of the screen and listening to the drone of the engine for 2 + hours 'real time' because the speed limit is set to only 25 - 35mph in open countryside.  Graphics FANTASTIC, gameplay BORING!A map editor is needed.Can I recommend it?  Hard to say.  A lot of work has gone into the detail, but some are having performance issues and some aspects of gameplay are just slow and time consuming, and I'm talking about open road travel, not shunting.For $15 less, go for it."
,Recommended,530070,34111062,Posted: 8 August,all,BrandonF76 {{ Spanky }},"It's a really good detailed game, but I only suggest it to players that have a lot of free time, the time listed next to jobs or scenarios is not actual time, I have had jobs that said 45 mins next to them, and it took 4 hours, and that had nothing to do with how I play, its game time not RL time listed and game time is different.But let me say the detail is great, and the realism is as good as it gets.The only thing I would like changed is to add more jobs for each engine, and to include real life time for the jobs, BUT other then those, this game is great and other then expansion packs for jobs and locations, nothing needs updating."
76561198126616411,Recommended,530070,33211958,Posted: 3 July,all,bufsabres44,"Hello Dovetail I wanted to let you know how I like Train Sim World CSX Heavy Haul. What I like about Train Sim World is all the detail and the locomotives. My best thing ever was you can walk not like Train Simulator 2017 and my most favroite locomotive is the AC4400CW because its longer loco. You guys should make the GP38-3, GP39-2, SD40-3, ES44AC AND DC, ES44AC Teir 4, SD70ACE, SD70MAC, SD80MAC, GENSTETS, MP15AC AND DC, SW1500, SW1 AND 2, GP15, GP30, AC6000CW, DASH 8-40CW AND 8-40C, GP40, CSX SLUG, B23-7, SD50 AND 60, DASH 9, C39-7W. What I disklike is the gliching I have to put on low graphics. Some of it got fixed but it sill needs work I allways try my best. This game is so cool thank you dovetail for all your work and I was so exsited when this was going to come out. Thank you."
76561198241348404,Not Recommended,530070,34978377,Posted: 15 September,all,joanne.nixon01,it wont load scenarios {on my computer}
,Recommended,530070,34848422,Posted: 9 September,all,Dynamonic,"A SOLID FOUNDATION FOR THE FUTURE OF TRAIN SIMULATOR!As a follower of Train Simulator since 2012, I purchased Train Sim World: CSX Heavy Haul back at launch, but ended up getting a refund on it as to be honest, I felt like it was released in a buggy, unfinished and unstable state.Now, a few months down the line, at the time of writing, Train Sim World is about to get it's first British DLC pack in the 'Great Western Express', so in my excitement for that, I thought I'd give CSX Heavy Haul another go to see what has changed and WOW!!!The first thing I noticed was that the performance has drastically improved from it's initial release, so bear that in mind when reading older reviews about performance.For your information, I'm running:OS: Windows 10 64-bitCPU: AMD FX-9590 8-core 4.7GHzGPU: AMD Radeon RX 480 8GBMemory: 16GB DDR3 RAMThese specs now give me a virtually consistent 60 FPS at maximum settings and 1080p, whereas at launch the same setup struggled to creep above 20 FPS.Performance wise, it's a far smoother experience than in the older 'Train Simulator', with far shorter load times, less stutter and a far great sensation of speed and movement.Visually, the game is stunning! Unreal Engine 4 has transformed Train Simulator, and breathed a lot of character and life into the environments. Trees and grass sway, and people and vehicles roam the land.The weather effects are amazing too, with rain finally impacting on the environment with puddles and reflections, emphasizing the glare on trains' headlights.You can do a lot more too in CSX Heavy Haul. No longer are you a prisoner in the cab. You actually have legs!You are free to roam about the environment on foot, moving between different locomotives, actually refuelling your own trains, manually uncoupling your trains and switching tracks.As well as the tutorials and scenarios you would have come to expect from Train Simulator, there's a new Service Mode too.Here, trains run on an authentic 24-hour timetable. You can choose a time, season, weather and the location and can either experience AI trains running the lines on an authentic timetable, or take control of services and drive them yourself. This mode will no doubt shine in its' busier DLC routes down the line, as the route included in CSX Heavy Haul is rural (and therefore not that busy).Content wise, on it's own, CSX Heavy Haul won't give you a lot of bang for your buck, with very few scenarios being included. Then again, it's designed to be added to with what will no doubt be a vast choice of DLC routes and trains in the future. If you're used to 'Train Simulator', then you'll get the idea.Overall, Train Sim World has now set a very solid foundation for the future of Train Simulator, with better visuals, effects, interactivity and variety over it's now dated predecessor.Like a flower, this will blossom over time as it's choice of content grows and other features are added.Dovetail are clearly very keen to make this work.I'm definitely glad I've jumped back aboard ready for what will no doubt be a fantastic future for Train Sim World, and if you're a fan of all things trains, you should too!"
,Recommended,530070,35002657,Posted: 16 September,all,POTATOSALAD,"This is great game and a solid foundation for the future of simulation.Extremely realistic, graphics are breathtaking and immersive. I haven't driven a real train so i can't tell you if they behave realistic though they seem like an accurate representation.The best thing about this platform is the possibility to free roam almost anywhere, you can leave the cab while driving and walk around the trains, you can also jump off the train and switch tracks and other cool stuff.A beefy pc is required, but with my specs i get a solid framerate. Glitches can happen they are nothing gamebreaking as far as i''ve seen.More tutorials and more story driven scenarios would have been nice.Overall this is a great game that i know dovetail will keep improving.Definetly worth it if you are into trains! DLC is extremely recomended!!"
76561198030928179,Recommended,530070,32127114,Posted: 2 June,all,jhudson1997,"As a railroad buff and a former freight conductor I absolutely love it, I highly recommend it. The only downside to it at the present moment is there is only 3 locomotives on the Sand Patch route, but I'm sure DTG will add more locomotives and Rolling stock in the near future. Super excited for multiplayer to release as well."
76561198019021582,Recommended,530070,30916534,Posted: 2 April,all,lsmenard,"Love the game. Could use more polish performance wise - but Dovetail will get there. I have a beast of a machine - and it works very nicely in super high rez with every option tuned to Ultra or High. Amazing realism - truly. Blows every other train sim game clear out of the water in terms of potential. Good content now, but looking forward to DLC down the line to give this new franchise some headway vs the train sim games that have more content but far less detailed environments and realism. I for one think Unreal 4 was a top notch choice - the only one for that matter - to build the next generation of train sim games. Keep developing and adding content guys. Cheers!"
76561197993892906,Recommended,530070,32188880,Posted: 4 June,all,kaxtell,I love this train simulator and Sand patch Grade has very good scenery and now we have 6 engines with 3 using 1.4 Bright Future paint schemes which are nice to have. I am sure there are bugs being worked out but I been playing a lot this weekend and find the Detail to be amazing. I hope for more content and hope we get some  different engines in the Future and other places to operate our trains. Make sure you have a decent Video Card in your computer you will need it with this  I have a GTX 1060 Invidia and I get 40 to 55 fps which you need . It utter enjoyment to me and I think that Dovetail games is working hard yet to make it better . Thanks Dovetail for this great sim of our Railroads and Trains.
76561198271827355,Not Recommended,530070,30608651,Posted: 18 March,all,zhugeqingsong,"With i5 6500 and GTX 1060, I've got a fps at 20. I hate this game. Do NOT buy this game until it is better performanced."
76561198095974972,Not Recommended,530070,34974696,Posted: 15 September,all,pixel destroyer 21,good game but whenever i try to launch the game it keeps coming up with DX11 launch version 10.0 required and the game was working befor i got the great western railway update and i was able to play 1 hours worth on tsw gwr but its just a not fair and its not just me. dovetail games if your reading this please FIX THE PROBLEM.
,Recommended,530070,35187525,Posted: 24 September,all,Sannan75,"Is it perfect? No.Is it great fun to play? Yes.Is this the start of a solid foundation for the next generation of train sims? I think so.Yeah it has it's glitches and stuff, but the positives far outweigh the negatives for me and every minute I spend in TSW is a minute spent smiling, especially with the addition of the WCML and passenger services.Can't wait to see where this leads in the future."
76561198018565409,Recommended,530070,34641619,Posted: 31 August,all,Manky.Jank,10/10 would abandon cab whilst going 50 mph again
,Not Recommended,530070,33875841,Posted: 29 July,all,Drakonluke,"This game has great potential, but is not viable until optimized. Very low frame rates even on High end PC. GLitches and bugs still present. I would mark this product as Beta version, even though even a Beta version should be better optimized."
76561198052759766,Recommended,530070,34043581,Posted: 5 August,all,Ward,"Ok I held back for some time now buying this game, for one simple reason, all the negative reviews.What scared me was all the people with high end systems complaining.I have an old PC,AMD Bulldozer DUAL core 3 ghz8 gig RAMGforce GTX 550 ti......and it runs FINE !!!!!All you negative Nancy's can go to ***.Sure there are some frame rate issues, but nothing worse than you see in 2017 and it's still pretty much beta.But it's not the hell these guys are discribing to us all in the negative reviews.Give it a try, you don't even need a super computer.I run on HIGH looks good , very little chop.Best of luckWard."
76561198149551296,Recommended,530070,30897475,Posted: 2 April,all,Elijah1,when i played the beta of the game it was great and when i play this even better i know it can be laggy but if you have all the PC specs you can play and get 30 FPS and yes they are still working on fixing bugs but hey i love the game and they are working hard to get the 60 FPS but for now 30 FPS is fine for me so i recommend the game
76561198068880990,Not Recommended,530070,34423544,Posted: 22 August,all,VOITH Maxima,"While this simulator is technically accurate on a very simple level, the physics are just awful and nowhere near what you would have on a real train."
,Not Recommended,530070,35027213,Posted: 17 September,all,ShadowLabs,"Absolute worthless pile of junk, not worth the money whatsoever. My computer far exceeds the recommended specs and yet it still framedrops and freezes all over the place in CSX and on GWE you're lucky to even get 20 fps in stations... I should've known better than to give the people who made TS17 money again... such a waste. Sadly I tried to get it running for more than 2 hours so I can't even refund."
76561198042431844,Not Recommended,530070,34971199,Posted: 15 September,all,Onypop,The game is still in beta. Do not buy. Too many glitches. Runs at 20 fps.Simulation? Not even the slightest.
76561198030127999,Not Recommended,530070,31352148,Posted: 24 April,all,[Twitch] PureWolf11,not what i expected
76561198016396106,Recommended,530070,34783282,Posted: 6 September,all,Yellow Caribou,"This game gets a very cautious thumbs up from me. I haven't put too many hours into it yet, but I can already see the glaring faults and great accomplishments of it.First of all, this game is detailed. Very detailed. For once, we actually have the ability to explore almost every nook and cranny of the locomotives in this simulator. And for once, I feel comfortable calling a train game a simulator. Many people will complain that this game is setting up to be another DLC simulator like Train Simulator 20XX. I disagree. There will be lots of DLC, I'm sure, but I like that they're taking the approach that sims like DCS World have taken. I much prefer a smaller number of modules with great depth than simply creating dozens upon dozens of $15 DLCs that are basically just reskins. I would like it even more if they eventually create some type of ""heritage"" module and allow us to engineer on an old GG1, or some DB steam engines, or the old Swiss electric locomotives.However, in my opinion, they have failed to make this simulator truly immersive. Let's start off with the fact that it's only as immersive as you make it. Here's what I mean by that. As any rail fan knows, there are speed limits on the railway, and engineers who disregard them are sure to face the consequences, either with a derailment or the loss of their job. But in Train Sim World, you can obey the rules. Or you can choose not to. It makes no difference, because taking a turn at 80 mph probably won't derail you. There's no incentive to play the game as a simulator because there's nobody telling you to. Furthermore, if you do derail, all you get is a message saying you derailed and it takes you to the main menu. I understand the point isn't to be a crash simulator, and I also understand that it would be very taxing on an already difficult to run game to model the physics of a train derailment. But it would be nice if we got SOMETHING besides an error message. Also, despite the game's warning not to wait on the tracks because it's dangerous, it actually isn't. Apparently you're the only engineer in the world that's made out of teflon, because if you get hit by a train, you just get harmlessly pushed to the side.The game also is still somewhat buggy, although less so than at launch, from what I've heard. It's impossible to cross over to another engine while you're moving, and if you somehow do, it's because you glitched through and you can't get back. There are the occasional weird graphical and audio glitches as well, and seemingly random FPS drops.Another issue with immersion is the lack of ""life"" in this simulator. Apparently me and my conductor are the only ones that work at the yard, because I have yet to see another living soul in this world except for one or two people. It needs more life. I'd like to see more of workers walking around the yard, vehicles waiting on you at railroad crossings, activity going on when you pass through downtown.tl;drThis game does a great job of being a detailed simulator, and I'm happy that Dovetail is taking this direction of small numbers of in-depth DLC rather than hundreds of reskins. However, the game has some bugs still, and is severely lacking in immersion when it comes to consequences for reckless behavior and life in the world. The scenery is beautiful, but it feels completely stale and lackluster when there are no animals, other workers, commuters, etc. to populate it."
76561198011538018,Recommended,530070,35059851,Posted: 19 September,all,Zetan22,"Exellent track, rollingstock and locomotive sounds, it makes such a difference! Trundling along through the yards at 15mph feels good thanks to the sounds, it makes so much difference to the atmosphere.The outside view as the trains go past you is as real as it gets!Everything looks really crisp and colourful, the photo realistic textures throughout give the impression of watching a video."
76561198050870029,Not Recommended,530070,30764581,Posted: 26 March,all,aaron8516,CSX HEAVY♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME CRASH ALL THE TIME  GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK YOU GUYS TRYING TO BE LIKE RUN 8 TRAIN SIMULATOR YOU GOT A ♥♥♥♥ING LONG WAY TO GO IF YOU TRYING TO BE LIKE THEM  LIST THEY SIMULATOR DON'T CRASH LIKE THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥DOES GO BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD WITH THIS CSX I'M SURPRISE CSX COMPANY DON'T KICK YOUR♥♥♥♥♥FOR DOING SUCH A BAD JOB YOU MAKING THAT RAILROAD LOOK BAD AT LEAST YOU GUYS GOT THE k5lA HORN SOUNDING RIGHT FIX THE PROBLEM OR LET RUN 8 DO IT FOR YOU BECAUSE YOU GUYS ♥♥♥♥ THIS UP BAD
,Not Recommended,530070,35459875,Posted: 3 October,all,AlphaPineapple,"CPU: Intel i7-7700k @ 4.8 Ghz.GPU: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti FTW3RAM: 32GB DDR4 2666 MhzSettings: UltraResolution: 3840x2160Thought I'd say my specs and settings used as those with different will most likely have a different experience.This review is more so for those that have a powerful rig.The graphics are insane. Can't say a bad thing about them. Some screenshots I've shown friends have been mistaken for actual pictures.Gameplay feels very smooth and fluid for the most part. Trying to grab the controls can be a hastle sometimes though as it'll grab a different one or not switch to the correct setting.Haven't had any crashes like others have stated.FPS has remains steady most of the time. Drops sometimes when getting into very object-heavy areas, but not by much.Had a random lag spike once and the screen froze when switching to an external camera. Took a few seconds to fix. Only happened once.Quite buggy. Train wouldn't turn on even though it had fuel and I followed the exact startup procedures with the instruments in the correct positions that I did the first time.Train randomly slowed down and stopped like 600 Yards away from scenario end and wouldn't move again.Stopped at a red light - Sat there for 15 minutes and nothing happened so quit.Sounds glitch out. Horn doesn't work most of the time. Switched to external camera, then back to internal. Sounds remained as if I was outside.Got trapped inside of the Class 43 Carriage because I climbed in and closed the door after me. Couldn't open the window to reach the handle outside like I've done in the past.Would I recommend this game?Not in its current state, no. It's still very buggy and the only thing it really has going for it right now is the ability to move around in FPV, and the visuals.Maybe in the future when this game has more content and a lot of bug fixes. For now though, if you want a relaible Train Simulator with a lot of content, decent performance and very few bugs, get Train Simulator 2017."
76561198206387601,Not Recommended,530070,31887282,Posted: 21 May,all,karolsienkiewicz,Really poor FPS i recommedend buying this game till the fix the FPS drop. good game though.
76561197970998144,Recommended,530070,30905440,Posted: 2 April,all,Alfs232,This is a good evolution of the series.
76561198003920044,Recommended,530070,34705443,Posted: 3 September,all,t_clark,"Quite good fun (coming from a background of playing previous train sim games, fun is a relative term)... Graphics are a major improvement over previous titles, trackside stuff especially. Great level of interaction too, love being able to flip almost every switch/lever etc...Could do with some more optimisation work though, while it doesnt suffer with the major scenery load-in stutters that TS20xx did, it does generally struggle to maintain 60fps even on lower settings+ no option i can see to turn off UE4s horrid motion blur effect! Id have hoped with a reasonable mid-range rig (i7 4790k/gtx1070/16gb ram/SSD) id have been able to hit 60fps at 1080p/medium-high settings but it mostly hovers around 45fps... hopefully future updates will improve things and give us access to more fine tuning of gfx settings.Content wise, it feels a bit sparse coming from TS2017, everything feels a bit early access/tech demo right now. Although what is there is of high quality.All in all, a good start, with more optimisation and added content it`ll be a new benchmark for train sims."
76561198352892462,Not Recommended,530070,31306812,Posted: 22 April,all,officeroliver,there is a bug when you stand up when youre inside the cab and you stand up and it soounds like youre outside and it destroys the calming hum when youre in the cab and its super annoying because it get very loud so can you fix this
76561198414224701,Not Recommended,530070,35031496,Posted: 17 September,all,Cjuquan,this game frame rate suckssss asss
76561198180697873,Not Recommended,530070,31362609,Posted: 25 April,all,Droid8Apple,"In the process of refund.Broken, useless, and nothing like it could have been.Goat Simulator > This...."
76561198047190768,Recommended,530070,35484190,Posted: 4 October,all,smacleod,"Great, Immersive Train Simulation[\h]I purchased this game because I wanted to see whether or not it differed greatly from TrainSim 2017 and was pleasantly surprised. My laptop would only allow me to chug along at single-digit frame rates, which was rather like trying to swim in treacle. However, it was enough to convince me that the game would probably have something to offer in the near future. I managed to scrounge an old gaming machine from my son and TSW now runs at around 12-20 FPS, with the graphics wound up fairly high. This rate is perfectly acceptable in terms of gameplay.I'm not a great fan of US railroads, as most of the diesels look pretty much the same to me, but I was hoping for a UK route to come along, and thenGreat Western Express [\b] came along. The graphics are exquisite and the London Paddington - Reading route is extremely detailed, with all the stations beautifully modelled, allowing the player to wander around (but not outside). The three different trains provided are very nicely reproduced, with many operable features. Despite the paucity of available  scenarios, there's plenty to do as a full 24-hour timetable is provided and weather conditions are user selectable.My 2 main beefs are:The tutorials are woefully inadequate. They guide you through the loco start-up procedure and that's about it, apart from stopping at a platform. There is no manual, as would generally be provided in TS 2017, so if you are not familiar with the UK train operations - signalling and locos etc. - from the latter, you will struggle coming to grips with the game. So, please: DTG, provide either a detailed manual or more tutorials.The audio is somewhat underwhelming. The tutorial tells you that you will enjoy the roar of the Class 43 engines when you start up, but if the cab door is closed, you won't realise that the engine is running! The basic TS2017 Class 43 has much better sounds, and these can be greatly improved by  the AP sound pack. So, DTG, please give us the sounds of the Paxman Valenta, or MTU units throbbing in the background. In fact, pretty much all the sounds could do with improvement (unless the Class 166 has better soundproofing than a Rolls-Royce).[\olist]There are a few other trivial issues, such as some unwanted sprites appearing, but they do not detract from the game.Would I recommend? Yes, if you like UK railways, or passenger operations, then I would say that TSW CSX Heavy Haul/Great Western Express is an absolute must.This is a great railway simulation which can only improve as DTG fixes the bugs, upgrades the sounds and, hopefully, encourages 3rd party input as has been the case with the many iterations of TS."
76561198137628240,Recommended,530070,32703576,Posted: 23 June,all,punechka,Stunning graphics and immersive weather.
,Not Recommended,530070,31856139,Posted: 20 May,all,Izzatso?,"On:Windows 10 ProMB Asus M5A78L-M/USB316 GB Crucial 2100 Mhz Dual ChannelAMD FX-8350Gainward GTX 1060 Dual Fan 6GB VRAMNo OCOnboard Sound mit Steelseries Headset Siberia V3Games installed on an SCANDISK II SSD 480 GBNvidia 382.05the Game runs under 20 FPS in 1080p or 900p,  regardless of low or High Settings.I will rebuy the Game after upgrading to an Ryzen 1700x CPU...Shame... i like the new System so far..."
76561198057969017,Not Recommended,530070,35063013,Posted: 19 September,all,Dave59,"Absolute Rubbish. Don't buy it. It's unstable, crashes all the time and generally disappointing. Pity, really. Should have been better. Sometimes, no - very often, scenarios just won't load. Return to Windows with an error report. I'm going to try and get my money back if I can find out how."
76561198033315777,Recommended,530070,30617892,Posted: 19 March,all,blakecracknell,"Runs well enough on my rig. GTX 980, i7 6700 at 4k.Lowest FPS hit was 30, highest 50. Graphics and immersion a huge step up from TS201, many of the issues found during the beta have been solved. Looking forward to more content! If you have a decent PC, go for it!"
76561198155646631,Recommended,530070,30684220,Posted: 23 March,all,Ace_USVI,"It's a great simulator.  Need a little work on the graphics, but the play is great. Saving missions don't work.  The objective will not stay, so you'll be driving blind when you load a saved game"
,Not Recommended,530070,31961903,Posted: 25 May,all,mdajr,"I love simulation games, and this game is no different. The graphics are amazing. The missions are very cool and enjoyable. I just wish there was more.... I know that this is the first of what's to come. Many of the bugs have been worked out and the devs are working on more. There's so much potential in this platform. The Unreal engine is very beautiful. I just can't recommend it until more content is available. The potential is there..... just needs time."
,Not Recommended,530070,33744044,Posted: 23 July,all,TrainNutter,This has a good concept & potential but the fact that you can onoydrive freight is quite boring.
76561198155357312,Not Recommended,530070,33947889,Posted: 1 August,all,ggawrych,"I can't take it anymore!!!  The sound doesn't work no matter how loud I set the volume.  I go to other games and it works just fine, If someone can please tell me how to fix it, that would be Great!!!"
76561198058462472,Not Recommended,530070,33990875,Posted: 3 August,all,spottyshowers,"According to ""Can I Run This"", they tell me my PC is below par as to graphics card and memory. Well, i had no problems installing and running getting overall FPS of 40-50.As for the Sim itself......Well what a dismal sim. No editor, addons. I was expecting vast improvements to TS 2017. Boy, was i wrong!May still be early days, lets hope things improve down the line. No pun intended."
76561198314433945,Recommended,530070,34060616,Posted: 6 August,all,TrainFan401,this game is awsome here are the reasons1.Its awsome2. you can walk around the train3.it has great detail4it has frieght (passenger coming in DLC)5.in the DLC you can be a passenger6. there are AI trains
,Not Recommended,530070,34145583,Posted: 10 August,all,davederave41225,Very buggy. Very little actual gameplay.
,Recommended,530070,34219437,Posted: 13 August,all,ItsEmbarrassingToBeSeenWithYou,"Great game, slightly better than Train Simulator 17 (As it is now) better graphics although some of textures look low res and could be improved (floor ballast) and the depth of field needs to be better as the aa/txaa dont exactly do much.Cons: 1: bad low res textures.2: hardly any fixing/patches to the game.3: low fps, come on this is ue4 its optimized as hell.4: No feeling of train being beaten up by track ie bobbing of train moving side to side like motion, it does it outside but not in cab :(.5: American trains.6: Not very realistic.7: No multiplayer, pls.8: Overpriced DLC like last time9: Not enough locos, i hate american ones though but could got some passenger ones.Pros: 1; Its a Train Simulator.2: Ok graphics (still kinda outdated)3: Great controls.4: Getting UK DLC.5: Easier to navigate around without a laggy menu.6: Its a Train Simulator, what more could you want?.My specs;I7 4790k16gb ram970s sli"
76561198010780508,Not Recommended,530070,34415143,Posted: 22 August,all,Stu_L,"Don't fall for the Dovetail Games ""pre-order"" con.  They have no intention of meeting their own delivery dates and will string  their customer base along for as long as they can milk the money.  Lame excuses provided for not providing the game on the advertised date, and no offer to refund now that they have breached the agreed terms.Shocking contempt for the customers that have supported them from the tiny little games company they started out as."
,Recommended,530070,34588474,Posted: 29 August,all,æterna,This is a very good core engine for the DLCs to come.
76561198082163082,Recommended,530070,30560478,Posted: 16 March,all,Adi Lally,Really love the game open world it makes you feel like a real train driver going throw  real life types of crossing feeling the power of a actally engineer and its the best game ever then those other games this game was worked really hard on. I preorder it and got it today i loved it. 10/10.you should buy it the best.
76561198016695222,Recommended,530070,30596768,Posted: 18 March,all,GusBlack,"After all the negative reviews on steam I wasn't sure if buying that buggy piece of software was a good idea. After more than 3 hours of playing I must say that I love the game so far. I have not come across any real bug. The game runs at about 40fps in 2560x2200 and ultra settings (i7-6700@4400MHz + MSI GTX 1080), looks just awesome and hasn't crashed yet.The only disappointing thing is that it doesn't support TrackIR and that I haven't found the settings for mouse speed in game. That option should be somewhere. Every game has it :("
76561198131413584,Recommended,530070,30597775,Posted: 18 March,all,Robert,"Definitely recommend TSW with a caveat - It does take a beefy system if you want all the eye candy turned up. It looks like there are a number of people who are saying they have frame rate problems but I have everything set as high as it will go and frames are fine - low 40s fps. I'm at the limit though. 5930K overclocked, TitanXP overclocked, and memory overclocked. But it works great and is beautiful with everything set high as it will go. It's a given that if you don't have the recommended computer, you will have to turn down the eye candy. Not sure the absolutel minimum system with things turned all the way down, but keep in mind that you will want some horsepower for this one. Just how it goes with so much to draw and shade these days. I only labor the point because there are so many negative reviews because of frame rates and flashing. I really suspect they are on weak systems and/or have all sorts of stuff running in the background sucking CPU cycles.DTG is working on lots of stuff and there is a beta branch now, but at this writing perfomance is a longer throw. They are doing bug fixes now.And it is beautiful. With a big monitor it is easy to get lost in the sim. I can only imagine what it would look like in VR - so please Dovetail, even a beta VR branch! I know I would have to turn down the eye candy too to accommodate but it is just so gorgeous! With the detail as it is now, you do start feeling the size and weight of these engines, but I can only imagine what it would be like to drive these in VR like in Derail Valley. It fires up my SteamVR applet so you are almost there. Pretty please!I did the free explore one of the yards so far and built out just about all the engines. I was moving the last one - the one with the modern cab - onto the turntable to add it to the string of other engines I had built, when I went a little too far and ran it off the end of the turntable and that kicked me out of the cab. But it is so cool starting the older guys up. Two others were cold and dark and you have to open up the side panel, prime it, then crank while engaging the governor crank (not totally sure about that crank but they were starting). This is after setting breakers and isolating the generator, etc. It's very cool to wake these engines up!So besides priming and cranking to wake the older engines up, you actually enter the turntable cab to swing it. It's easy though - unlock, swing as required, lock. But so cool to do. Everything auto-couples but it looks like you have to manually uncouple - or at least you can manually uncouple. The level of detail is amazing, too. Step lights, number lights, a lot more of the cab controls not only function but are necessary compared to TS, etc.The two things that stood out to me was no slam or bang when coupling up. It needs the sound and shake instead of just stopping. And from me derailing the modern loco on the turntable, if there isn't a way of doing it that I haven't discovered, there needs to be a way to re-rail rolling stock and engines. Maybe it's there and I missed it. Will go back and see.Anyway, it does need a good computer to run well if you want the eye candy. I'm sure it will get optimized some but with all it does to look beautiful, it might be worth people's while to look at the 10 series Nvidia cards to make this shine. 900 series cards and especially anything older are getting long in the tooth for modern sims that do all the stuff this one does.Very impressed. Just really hoping for a VR branch since I have a Vive here just itching for some heavy iron."
76561198105353476,Recommended,530070,30618625,Posted: 19 March,all,bear01,I found out that you can not pan in and out like you can on train sim and that the controls jump around when you try to move them as well its hard to switch the tracks -in others words you can't tell when the tracks are switched.train sim is better than this game.
76561197970615402,Recommended,530070,30625693,Posted: 19 March,all,rochrist,"This is pretty much exactly what I'd dreamed of for a rail simulator. The ability to get out of the cab, walk around the train, uncouple cars by hand, run the turntable, etc.Looks beautiful, I'm getting around 50fps on ultra, i5-4670 and a GTX1060OC.Very happy with this one. It can only get better from here. Must buy if you're a rail enthusiast."
,Recommended,530070,31046087,Posted: 9 April,all,Bmjepic,"The game has came a large way since its beta last December. Since then the Frame rate has improved thanks to the optermation. There is currently 1 route which is 50 miles long and 3 highly Detailed locomotives. There is 100 collectibles along the route which you need to find with some hunting. There are about 9 hours of Scenarios and 1 hour off Tutorials. Also many hours of services  which allow you to Railfan and drive trains which are on a 24 hour timetable.The Frame rate currently is 35-60 FPS Which is a very playable Frame rate. You do not need 60+ FPS since you're not in a environment which needs high FPS. 30 FPS is fine, the game is still very playable before the game was optimized. You don't get massive lag spikes which TS17 gives you since it loads the route in at a steady rate not all in one go so you get Lag.The route is very detailed. Its Sand patch grade and goes from Cumberland yard which is in the state of Maryland. Before it head North to Hyndman before heading East to Rockwood mine in Pennsylvania which is where 95% of the route is. The detail is very good along the route with the odd bit here and there could do with some more detail. The collectibles along the route where these are 100. The route takes around 2 hours as long as you don't speed.The 3 Locos which come with the route is the GP38-2, SD40-2 and the GE AC4400CW. They all are very detailed and 99% of button are able to be clicked. They all do the same thing, hall fright cars up and down a hill. They all do it in a different way. There is a full Cold and dark start up for each. To do this look in the manual found on Steam not in the game folders which is more useful to access when you have no internet. The trains have different braking types, each have different purposes.The Tutorials cover the basics. Its enough to get you going tho. The braking is a theory but it would be nice to have a practical as well. Then you have scenarios, these give you 9ish hours to  complete as long as you don't SPAD (Signal passed at danger). If you do all signals are RED and points will not change. It would be nice for the scenario to end. After that you have services. These are cool. There are less trains which pass you when driving this. There are the odd times where there are many services or very little (Looking at you early morning).Shall you get this game?Yes if you want a relaxing game.No if you want a FPS game.My opinion is get it. It is fun, but it sounds a weird concept but it is fun."
,Recommended,530070,32629861,Posted: 21 June,all,Ant Craft,"TSW is a simulator that almost follows flight sim detail and reinvents a train by allowing you to open the engine bay, prime the engine and then start it, not just press the letter e. There are 100 objects around Snad Patch Grade, the only map it's got currently. It has optimisation in the badd to medium range but the game is new and the developers are working on it. I have high hopes for TSW for it's future if they continue the level of detail and work on the optimisation. WARNING - prepare for lot's of paid DLC. Just look at TS17 for an example... My last point is that it is is overpriced at £25 so when we hade a sale reducing it to £20, I leapt at the offer."
76561198190493577,Recommended,530070,32942344,Posted: 28 June,all,Captinrex501st,"Overall the game is very good but, it does need some dlc maps and trains and fix the slow fpsi am very happy with the game and can't wait for more new content"
76561197970206233,Recommended,530070,33953230,Posted: 1 August,all,nosalisCZ,"Only spend a tiny bit of time in this, but seems to have big potential,FPS seems to be better then what I was getting in Railworks , so new engine probably helps here. Sure no dense city available yet, so hard to tell if the FPS stays about the same or will drop a lotstill quite a lot of improvements to be made, but so far I would recommend this.visually it's really nice update , and once more polished and with more content, I can see this replacing Railworks"
,Recommended,530070,30587455,Posted: 18 March,all,Fooshie,"Having written this the day after it was released, I have to open with the fact that this game takes a monsterous pc to run it well. Hopefully it gets more optimised as time goes on. This is however; finally what I've been expecting from dovetail games. This does what Train Simulator should have done long ago. The gameplay feels so much more organic and fluid. I can actually sit down and play a scenario for 2 hours straight. Being able to leave the driver's seat is a world changing feature for me. This game is also much more in touch with reality. I never liked how train simulator was *mostly* accurate and oversimplified. This feels like the real thing! This game has so much potential. I'm very excited for more content to be added!"
76561197987704059,Not Recommended,530070,30608140,Posted: 18 March,all,brad0,Too many mistakes.  Don't buy!
,Recommended,530070,30618305,Posted: 19 March,all,ehgmaas,"I like this game alot!FPS is too low in certain areas, but this will be fixed, i'm certain. When i change graphical settings from ultra to medium, this doesn't affect the framerate. So it is no graphical issue, i think.This sim is very detailed. Allthough i think that the physics are the major problem for the fps, these are very realistic. When you start or stop a train with a lot of cars behind it, you feel the weight at your tale. And you see and feel the cars coming in motion one at a time. And with more routes added, this will be a keeper in my game library."
76561198011548805,Recommended,530070,30628478,Posted: 19 March,all,kane31,"Does this game currently have FPS issues... Yes... But it's still an awesome game.I find the train to be better controlled, more interaction with different aspects (such as shifting control from one engine to the other) I find navigating a bit easier. Key binds could be better but once used to them it works pretty well.My rig isn't up to par so I have low FPS but I find it still worth it as a train enthusiast."
76561198042072548,Recommended,530070,31575525,Posted: 6 May,all,Drunk3n M0nkey,"I have only played 3 hours but feel i have seen enough to review it, especially in comparison to Train Sim 2017, as i was initially confused about which one to buy.This game has bugs, there is no denying that, it also performs poor graphically in some sections.. but lets face it, what sim doesnt? 2 hours into Train Sim 2017 and i encountered the same bugs as here, so if you are going to buy something that will crash, buy the one that does it with more beauty and style.Train options are limited, track options are limited, but the tutorial is much better, the walking of the track is better and control interaction is better, this is a train sim with the polish of a new engine and a much brighter future ahead of it. And lets face it, even limited train/track options is a plus as it is less DLC for people to complain about.Bugs are both big and small:- the radius on stop targets should be increased as they become very fiddly- doing things before the scripted tutorial requirement is a problem (really needs fixing)- changing measurements to metric but the voice over still says them in imperial- Alt Tabbing will send you to black screen where even the task manager is afraid to go- adjusting resolution can result in an inability to interact with anything- camera on the turntable can cause the graphics to pulse like you are running a race- unable to rebind keys (not a bug but needed)- etc.Now i am not excusing the bugs that are here, but if you want a game with less bugs, you are going to get a game with less interation and one that is less of a sim.Pick this over 2017, but dont expect something completely finished, see the current dev notes on patch fixes, the simple bugs being fixed there will show you what stage the game is currently at.Note: I am running this with ultra settings on an Alienware Alpha i5 4690, 8 GB ram,  GTX 960 4GB GDDR5."
,Recommended,530070,32173227,Posted: 4 June,all,PapaOscar,"Wait for a sale. This simulation is really in-depth, and I love it. However, it has VERY little content involved currently. Expect tons of DLC just like their other train sim. In regards to the graphics, remember this is CPU INTENSIVE. The game does not care if you sport a 1080, 1080ti, dual or quad anything. This simulation is limited by your CPU. I run this game at 4K on Ultra (no AA) and get at minimum 40FPS in busy locations (yard) and 60 elsewhere. I only have one 980ti, but my i7-6700k is overclocked (and full load). You need a fast CPU! I believe the only bug I have found so far is the train brakes are instant. The scenario says it will take 5 minutes for all the train brakes to fully release, but mine released in 2 seconds."
76561198031530121,Recommended,530070,33288476,Posted: 5 July,all,Harlequin of Hate,"Totally recommend!  The fact that I can get up out of the engineer's seat and walk around to switch tracks and uncouple cars, refuel the locomotive, and use a control booth to rotate the turn table is reason enough for me to move on from Train Simulator and stick with TSW.  This is the kind of train sim I have been waiting for.  I look forward to seeing this train sim evolve!  Graphics are much better than the other train sims too!  Sucks to leave all the TS DLC behind but unfortunately it won't work with the newer game engine.  I have my graphics settings set to Ultra and the screen percentage at 100 and the game runs pretty smooth for me but I have a Titan X soooooo, yeah.  It does tends to stutter every once in a while but not often...maybe transistioning from/to and loading different grids?  At the time of writing this review, they still need to work on the lighting of the train through tunnels.  After playing this I have uninstalled my other two train sim programs.  Honestly, I never got into the other sims but TSW really grasped my attention.  This is my kind of train sim!"
,Recommended,530070,34230878,Posted: 14 August,all,UnderTaker_2016,"Short review:Well, this is one of those ""love it or leave it game"", being a fresh player of this game, clocking up about not more than a few hours learning the inz n` outs of my xbox type of controller, very handy to have , imo, makes everything so easy to use, better than useing ur keyboard.Being a game where yah had to do interactive tasks, is something that each individual player would either like or not being that some tasks are a tad tedious, one being the turntable, would of been better if ya could work it from the cab by remote.Can`t wait for the next instalment of this game..."
76561197973661444,Recommended,530070,34860728,Posted: 10 September,all,implicit A,"Hi All.I enjoy realistic sims for years  like flight sim XP11 / DCS /  rfactor2 etc...It's first time for me to go to a train simulator. I've never been very enthousiast about train, so I'm completely noob about it. wanted to discover something new with train sim.I had a blast with this one on first hours of test and for sure I'll enjoy it for many hours more.(edit 40h so far )What I enjoy:- scenario and adventures ( 40 hours to do all CSX heavy haul scenario + western line Scenario )- graphics and ambiance- all clickable nice cockpits- the feeling of powerfull machines- gives ""the feeling"" to be realistic but as a train noob don't know if accurate.- everything new for me about train knowledge so it's exciting. tutorials are good in that point of viewThe Hardcore simmer point of view :- graphics could be better at high and ultra  with better fps.  some stutters sometimes. but update improved it.- no personal joystick with axes can be used  except Xboxpad!!.  I've to use joytokey to use my personnal throttle with less less precision ! this part is a great deception for a "" realistic hardcore sim"" it want to be. the key sensitivity not always the same regards to different train.- attach the cars / waggon seem not realistic at all ?  just reverse at low speed and it's done , or maybe only this approximation for the tutorial parts ?edit :important key : F3 for FPSImportant Key : key 9 for map and path changerImportant Note : in Scenario 2 for cold start : if brake pressure is above 79psi  give som brake to set it down close to 79psi.important Note :  my new review is17/20 as it is great,  immersive and rewarding. Love it so far.After 40 hours for all scenario, driving a train can be sometime a bit boring ... but it's good for what it is."
,Recommended,530070,30915732,Posted: 2 April,all,[NPC]Dalamars,"After Update 3 (beta as of this writing) it's as smooth as can be for me.  Amazing look and feel.  Completely different than TS2017 and before, as it feels far more polished.  You feel like you are driving something heavy when you have a long coal train in wet conditions.  Graphics on Ultra are amazing, I miss my routes from the West Coast of the US that I have on TS2017, but this is an exciting jump forward in technology for Train Simulator fans.  I can only hope they offer my Donner Pass route with historical equipment, and my Feather River route as well.  Caltrain.  Please hurry.  Very happy with this.I'm also going to put in a plug for RailDriver support.  I have a great interface I can't use for this.  The keyboard controls are immersion breaking.  Good job Dovetail in fixing the issues."
76561198062085771,Recommended,530070,31574650,Posted: 6 May,all,matt19852085,I like this game the graphics are better than Train Simulator it is more realistic as you can now walk everywhere you have to walk onto the train to drive it not press button 1 for cab view. I recommend this game I hope they will add more missions or trains in the future.
,Recommended,530070,30573475,Posted: 17 March,all,twitch.tv/neal08ni,"This is a great game that takes the engineer's perspective that you can walk around routes, drive locomovites/trains, even do touch every single bit of them. You can also railfan too as well. One big thing I would really recommend Dovetail of doing, at least try to optimize the game!"
,Recommended,530070,30628372,Posted: 19 March,all,TheBubbaK1ng,Its amazing just requires a decent PC
76561198062825644,Not Recommended,530070,31520213,Posted: 3 May,all,wolfe,"Game had alot of promise, but fell at the first hurdle, wont bother till they fix all these problems"
76561198160338021,Recommended,530070,30586704,Posted: 18 March,all,F A D E,Amazing game! They're going to get the FPS fixed very soon.
,Recommended,530070,31070322,Posted: 10 April,all,TBoy205,Updates are making great progress.
76561198236852430,Recommended,530070,30788030,Posted: 28 March,all,housegrande,"I gave TS a <Thumbs Down>,  not recommended.  I give TSW: CSX HH a <Thumbs Up>, definitely recommended!  TSW is an excellent improvemnet over TS.  Are there bugs in TSW, yes, but nothing compared to TS.  I've completed all turtorials and scenarios.  Not a single one of them broke or had any bugs causing a crash or inability to complete the mission.  I look forward to upcoming DLC for this one.  The one constant problem for TSW at present, is the low fps (19 to 10 fps in the yard, using Ultra settings, etc.) on high end PC systems.  You're gonna have to play around with the setting of your PC to get the best fps out of TSW (for now, until the fix comes).  As is, TSW is a blast to play.  I  like having no time penalties to worry about.  The CG trainer is a little weird.  He or she will mysteriously change gender and race while you're driving Part 2 of  one scenario (yeah, it can get creepy).  DTG has risen to the challange to give simmers something worth playing."
76561198152473994,Recommended,530070,31310568,Posted: 22 April,all,THatMex1CaNGuY,"At first I thought it was one of the best train simulators I've ever played (granted I havent really played simulators), then once this got going I figured out that dovetail games isnt going to be adding stuff to this, only adding expansion packs. I mean why name it CSX Heavy Haul in the first place if your not going to add stuff pertaining to CSX. Then again I know that the new stuff they are adding is  just dlc, for the base game. I've left this game after I found Run8, which is now my most favorite and I'll probably never switch. They still gotta optimize it, I know that once Great Westeren Expres comes out it'll be laggy. I recommend this game if you like trains and have a good computer, if you don't then you can try it out or just carry on."
76561198261874297,Not Recommended,530070,35245824,Posted: 27 September,all,Captain 806,"if you have a decent computer, it would probably be the game for you. I however do not so the entire time was spent lagging. Only purchase if you have a decent computer."
76561198299018908,Not Recommended,530070,34998752,Posted: 16 September,all,k9kids,"Bought this game on my laptop thinking it would work, just a heads up, you really need a good gaming computer to run this."
,Recommended,530070,30587509,Posted: 18 March,all,Staalby,"Despite of all the negativity. I still enjoy this game very, very much!This is in my view what TS 2017 should be. I see this as a game, but also as a tech demo.I cannot wait to see the optimizations (It needs it, no doubt) but for me, it is still playable. The walking can be a bit wonky when passing doors on a moving train, you can get stuck if unlucky. Espicially if on a superelevated track.But, all in all. This is my perfect game.Thank you all who participated in making this."
76561197971984146,Recommended,530070,30801126,Posted: 28 March,all,ziporama,"Review of Update 1:TSW is far more detailed than Train Simulator 2017 and there are many improvements.  First, TSW is based on the Unreal engine which provides far richer 3D terrain and objects than the old engine.Second, TSW is more of a simulator, including more detailed electrical, engine and brake controls than in the prior Train Simulator.  I’d say the base model you get in TSW is on-par with the very advanced loco and train controls you get in Train Simulator like Smokebox products for example.The good:-	Improved AAA class rendering engine with strong potential for improved graphics-	One reasonably sized route, about 50 miles or so, section in Pensylvania/Maryland.-	Three detailed diesel electric loco choices, good detail on the locos, especially the computer controls and MFD, thinks like reflections in the windows, environment, nicely done.-	Cockpit controls are all clickable-	Turntable and refuel modeled-	Good quality trees, for those that are there-	Tutorials cover all the bases and operations-	Good physics from what I can tell – especially on long trains-	Lots of helper on the UI/HUD to help you not get in trouble such as look ahead speed-	Dispatch interaction with some scenarios-	Rock textures and rocks in general well done – vegetation not so much.-	Mirror textures and reflections / shadows (at high level rendering).-	Game controller support (finally!)-	Unreal engine adds good atmospheric effects for weather.The bad:-	The terrain objects are “meh” – surprised to see very bland level of detail on some objects like buildings and houses and structures – looks like the level of detail could be better – the engine is certainly capable of far better objects-	Lots of repetition of tree objects, not a whole lot of variation – buildings are “meh” so are vehicles.-	Not too many missions in the box to start – so once you’re done all the missions, about 12 hours or so, only choice is to redo them or go in the “Service” mode.  A few more missions would have been nice-	Tree and bush variety is very minimal.  Very little going on outside of your train in the simulated environment.The ugly:-	Poor frame rate even on high end system with poor CPU and poor GPU utilization (odd for the Unreal engine as other games using the same engine don’t have that issue) – resolution / hardware matters very little.  Needs work there because 25 FPS is not terrific on current generation hardware.-	Rail ties disappear at high LOD (up close) - not sure why - so some graphic glitches in the first release (update 1 here tested)-	Lack of a mission editor makes for a fairly quick rince-repeat experience once the main scenarios are played.  Service mode helps but there is a distinct lack of initial content – things to do.-	Route doesn’t have that many options and is mostly a two track affair for most of the route which can get boring fast given the average speed is 35 MPH max, usually less.Conclusion:Good evolution from Train Simulator, I like the new level of sim detail and the general move towards more realistic train controls and behavior, while still appealing to mass audience.   This game needs a lot more content, hopefully not in the form of a deluge of expensive DLCs to add content that should be in the box day 1.   It feels a bit unfinished content wise.   I would like to see more varied vegetation and a lot more branching lines off the main route, with more “things” to do.  Not very exciting to do the same thing over and over and over and the route isn’t that long – but it can feel long because of the average speed limit.Recommended based on the huge leap forward on the depth of simulation and potential, even if the potential hasn’t quite been realized completely yet.  The basics are there so it has my vote."
76561198010930192,Not Recommended,530070,34259511,Posted: 15 August,all,matthew.dennison,"Abysmal physics and gimmicky gameplay. This isn’t a product for the simulator enthusiast who cares for realism. I feel that the comments made by the Developers regarding how realistic and revolutionary the product is are totally false. Notch 2 to 20mph+ with double stack intermodal… nah! Oh, but you can watch brake pipes bounce around!"
76561198049782085,Recommended,530070,35116864,Posted: 21 September,all,Noobs are in the nutshell,PROS:good effectsgraphics seem fine to megood rain and snowCONS:bugs like usual (its a new game so yeah)usually there is sometimes that youmagicly fly in airso im gonna say 6/10 average
76561198041553584,Not Recommended,530070,35441260,Posted: 3 October,all,mrjebs,This has to be the worst value Train Sim I have ever purchased.The engine sounds are dreadful even with ambient turned to minimal.The graphic effects are largely unecessary and spoil th frame rate.Sim2017is more enjoyable and user friendly and doesnt crash at regular intervals this this rubbish
76561197976598016,Recommended,530070,35100858,Posted: 21 September,all,Apache Wizard,Its really beautiful and I even got it working with my 21:9 screen with a tweak to unreal engine 4
76561197961832103,Recommended,530070,35263744,Posted: 28 September,all,bj00rn,"This game is full of bugs, the interface seriously suck, the profile/save/checkpoint system mindbogglingly full of shortcomings. Several aspects are even worse than the Train Simulator! But I still recommend TSW because there's a feeling of potential here even though I'm slightly bitter for buggy software and crappy interface. I want Train Sim World to ultimately succeed in the long run. And I do appreciate the time that went into upgrading the graphics (and the ability to step outside!). The game needs less bugs, better interface (and more life!). But I support a potential better future for TSW so I'm glad I've invested in it."
76561198094204703,Not Recommended,530070,30546234,Posted: 16 March,all,daniel_thomas97,Looks even worse than the old game does and FPS is very very bad. Will be requesting a refund.
76561198332074331,Not Recommended,530070,30608438,Posted: 18 March,all,Garrett G.,wow this really makes me upset they charged that much money for this game???!!!
76561198294210622,Recommended,530070,31572983,Posted: 5 May,all,bgm15221,"After playing over 2 hours I can honestly say this is by far the best train sim I/ve ever played.I've a lot of the reviews and most of the negative ones are based on poor optomization and unplayable lag, I'm using a MSI laptop and with the game settings on ultra I get a little bit of lag but certanly nothig terrible, with the settings on high the game runs smoothly and with very little drop in graphic quaility, I recomend this game to anyone loves train sims and wants the best one availible."
,Recommended,530070,30693242,Posted: 23 March,all,[JTG] Jack,"Really enjoying it so far, cant wait for more content and multiplayer (if its still hapening).Definately a big step up from the old and really enjoy the new features such as being able to walk around.Dont understand why everyone is complaining about optimisation. Its only just released. I'm getting 35-45 fps on high/max and I only have a 1070k and a 6700k CPU. Not overclocked.Cant wait for the future of this game!"
76561198059655020,Recommended,530070,30713532,Posted: 24 March,all,brendelius,Great game. It has a lot of potential. However a good graphic card is needed if the simulation should run as it should. Compared to Dovetails Trainsimulator this game has more functionality. Now you can for example walkt around in the yard. The train experience is much more realistic and I can recomend this game to all train nerds out there. When new routes will be added in the future the game will be even better. A must for anyone who like trains.
,Recommended,530070,30560294,Posted: 16 March,all,carjambro.2000,could you fix the window problem. when i get close to any train the windows just turn solid white
76561198079292051,Recommended,530070,30562570,Posted: 16 March,all,Big Diesel,i dont care what people say this game is awesome and amazing game and compairing it to Train Simulator its a hole lot better and more freedom on the game yes i would like some more trains and stuff but thats the great stuff thats yet to come but well worth the money great game
76561198066090838,Recommended,530070,30564394,Posted: 17 March,all,Kripps,"awesome stunning graphics and realism. tweak graphics make sure screen resolution isnt too high,disable dsr -factors is not enabledand run in fullscreen mode not windowed highly recomend this game dont worry about bad reveiws."
76561198123353802,Recommended,530070,30600088,Posted: 18 March,all,Sir_Diggins,"Before I get into the bulk of this review, I want to address the elephant in the room, FPS. I will agree with what people say, the game is very badly optimised. This results in very low FPS most of the time. However, I have a mid-rangeish pc and I can run this game at max settings with 20-30 FPS. This might seem low but honestly for a simulator with this much detail its kind of to be expected. I would love to see a patch that increases the FPS, but I'm not to fussed about it. Also note it really depends on you computer, your results may and will vary. Now to get into the fun stuff.First off this game is the best looking train simulator out there, this isn't much of a surprise seeing as it is made in unreal, but it is great to see what is possible. To further explain this, one of the major improvements over games like TS2017 is that everything is clickable. In the cab there is a whole ton of different buttons and switches that do what you would expect in a real train. This detail gives it the feel of what flight simulators have been like for years. The terrain is also great, around the track where you can see the detail close up, the texture work is great. Off in the distance looks okay but could do with some improvement because some times it can look a bit weird (I can't think of a word for it at the moment) but it is not terrible. The buildings in the towns are also a much higher resolution than old games, so they look much better. Overall this is a very pretty game and I don't see why people think it isn't.Next topic is the feel and physics of the engines. From what I can tell the physics are pretty good, the trains feel heavy like they should and not just like tissue boxes on rails. I'm not sure how accurate it is but it does feel right, I have driven one of these engines in real life and what the game does is very accurate in my opinion. I have also heard that the physics have gotten much better since the beta. As for controls, they're very nice as well. The keyboard controls are similar if not the same to 2017 and still work. Actually clicking stuff is nice as well, you can either hover the retical over whatever you want to click and activate or right click the mouse to get the cursor and use that to click things. Over all the game feels very good.The last big thing I am going to talk about is content. At the moment all you get is one (very long mind you) route called Sand Patch Grade, 3 engines (all are very different), Several tutorials (I'd say there needs to be more that go into more depth about all the different thinks in the locomotive), several different scenarios (all of which are very long and of varying difficulty level), and a free roam (there is a timetable where you can jump in and see different trains go by, jump on them to take a ride, and even take over control). I personally think all of this is well worth the price. It will keep you busy for a long time and I can't wait to do the rest of the scenarios. I'm sure more content will be added, I just hope it doesn't cost a fortune.All in all I think Train Sim World:CSX Heavy Haul is a fantastic game that can use some improvements, but is definetly headed in the right direction. I can't wait to play more. I hope this all helped and didn't put you asleep with boredom. After all this I give the game a solid 7.5/10 mainly do to performance, but I will change that if they fix the problem.Also if you want to see the game I am playing the scenarios on YouTube here:https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3EyZFps4JUpkE7ebx44VZOuZI8pdxKk0"
,Recommended,530070,30714460,Posted: 24 March,all,Inspector Fowler,"So far, so good for a reboot of Train Simulator. The last game was looking pretty long in the tooth, and TSW brings a much needed refresh.I play these games mostly to have a large model railroad, so the looks are as important as the realism to me. Every year that beecame more and more of a sticking point with TS, as the engine aged and aged - all while still being something of a system hog.The bad news first - TSW is still a system hog. My best guess is that the physics are CPU dependent. I'm running a GTX 1080 and a 4.00 GHZ processor and even so, this thing chugs (ha, train puns!) at 1440 on virtually any settings. Frame rate is overall very low (20 fps in switching yards and city areas) and averages about 30-35 for me. I don't need blazing fast 60 fps, but it really detracts from what is overall a fantastic upgrade to TS.The good news is that this is TS, but...well...more. Virtually every single thing I could think of on an engine is there and working - from in-cabin fans to fuse boxes to engine primers. Manual refuelling is here, and so is walking around. The walking around is cool for admiring a train, but it doesn't do much for me.Lighting and reflections are great - take a moonlit spin in a train and watch the moon reflect on the engine and tracks, or sit in the cab and watch how the gauges are realistically lit from behind. If you can take the framerate hit, the foliage is finally up to par, for the most part. It's not the Witcher, but TS had some seriously sparse plant life, and TSW does not - it looks great and fills out the levels in a way that just wasn't possible before.For a $40 starting price, a lot of people will be put off. TS has been on a bunch of insane sales over the years and $40 for three engines and one line will feel sparse. I don't mind, though - supporting the next generation of Doevetail's simulator is a winning proposition for me. If you have a relatively strong rig and you're looking for the next gen of train simulation, then this is a great start.One last silly  note, though - the Doppler effect on sound is hilarious. I assume they'll patch it out, but you'll experience it even when you are just moving the exterior camera, making it nearly possible to do a record-scratch effect with the horn."
76561198160521104,Recommended,530070,31971641,Posted: 26 May,all,steve.mclean,"As of today after a full month of operation i only encountered small glitches. Most probably expected when releasing such a complicated game. I find it really realistic and, i enjoy working the railroads. Keep the updates coming train sim. Good job so far.My appreciation is 8.5 out of 10.Cheers all!"
,Recommended,530070,35049627,Posted: 18 September,all,Timmiej93,"I normally don't write reviews for games, especially ones that I have played only or a few hours and then refunded, but I felt like this game deserved a review. Not because it's that great, but because it's being treated in a manner that's not completely fair.I heard all the complaints about performance on this game, and I believe I tried it when it was first released, and barely got over 5FPS. Now, (2017/09/18) I could play this game at about 30FPS, on full HD (1920*1080), low graphics settings. For me, that's perfectly reasonable. This laptop is quite old, and definitely not fit to play AAA games, so being able to play this game at a decent framerate while it still looks pretty damn decent, is enough reason for me to say that the performance is good enough.I played this game on a laptop (i7 3630QM, GT 740M), one that's not very good, as you can see.Now I can understand that when you're used to playing on Ultra and getting 90+ FPS, this might be disappointing, but what's the use of an ultra setting in a game if it doesn't push your rig to the limit? That's the same as having a 600hp car, and not being able to drive it over 30mph. In my opinion, a game should be able to bring your rig to its knees on ultra. It should however look absolutely stunning while doing so. I don't know if this game does look that great, since I can't play it on those high settings, so this is just a note from me.About the recommendation: I do recommend this game if you liked the previous iterations of the game. Being able to walk around is great fun, and the game looks really good, even on low settings. However, make sure that you have at least a decent PC, and enjoyed the content as it was in the prevous versions. I personally refunded this game because I felt that it didn't add enough new things for me. Yes, it looks good, and it's fun to walk around, but the American routes are simply boring, and I didn't feel like I would get enough hours of fun out of this game to be worth the money, especially with the DLC policy that DTG has."
,Recommended,530070,30561611,Posted: 16 March,all,TranzRail,"Train Sim World: CSX Heavy Haul is the beginning of a new journey for both users of Train Simulators and the developer itself, opting to use the Unreal 4 engine. While there are many reviews talking about performance issues, frame rates, content etc, I will share my experiences thus far.First off. Performance. I'm running i7 6850K @ 4GHz with 64GB DDR4 3200, coupled with a GTX 1080 and a Samsung 960 Pro M.2 SSD. My Steam library runs off my mechanical Western Digital Enterprise  4TB drive. Monitor is a 34"" curved LG monitor running over DisplayPort. Load times are acceptable, however when launching, it wants to start SteamVR. This game does not have VR support. I had no issues with the game failing to start or crashing. I experienced a relatively smooth gameplay experience with the video settings at defauly (High/Medium). I didn't experience any major framerate issues, however there is plenty of room to improve here. Overall, the game is more than playable and I look forward to getting into it further.Secondly, Content. Yes this game is lacking somewhat in terms of its amount of overall content. You get three (3) engines and six (6) freight wagons. I see a lot of people in the community comparing this title to previous iterations from the same developer. I'd like to point out that this is not an apples to apples comparision. The level of detail and interaction one has with the included assets is unprecedented in the train simulation world. This title is the beginning of a new type of experience both for the users and the developers. As such, rather than badge this title as just ""Train Sim World"", they've gone with ""Train Sim World: CSX Heavy Haul"". This should be an indication that the title has a specific focus. The media releases and screenshots support this. Expecting this to be a replacement for their previous simulator is simply unjustified. You get what it says on the box, and it looks just as good, if not better than expected. If you were hoping for more than what was advertised, then you shouldn't have purchased.Overall, I found this release to be in the upper end bracket of what I am prepared to pay for a title with the amount of content it has. With DLC and new features expected to be added in future, I feel it was a fair price for the experience I am getting. Those that want a more in-depth look at where things are going, should review the developer diaries on their website. I can't want to see where this goes in the near future, and am going to have many happy hours enjoying it.TL:DR Great game, felt price was fair, what you see is what you get, performance needs improving but is playable, looking forward to future additions and improvements."
76561198156334079,Recommended,530070,30603027,Posted: 18 March,all,PlaneNerd,So Much Detail even on low graphics!
76561198405583112,Recommended,530070,33662126,Posted: 19 July,all,7santafejay,I think this new simulator is off to a good start.  The graphics are simply gorgeous and the immersion factor is high.  It's still early days and it will be interesting to see how the sim develops over time.  The documentation is sparse but hopefully will improve as more features are added.  Right now the route is relatively short and I hope Dovetail extends the territory to the next division point to the west which is Connellsville Yard.  I am a longtime fan of the B&O and recently retired from one of the large western systems after working as a train dispatcher for 41 years.  I've played with most of the rail simulators that have come along over the years and this one if developed properly looks to be a real winner.
,Recommended,530070,30562364,Posted: 16 March,all,Dark Centurion,"Ignore the bad reviews, folks are upset that they don't get a straight 60fps at top settings - I play at ultra with a MSI GTX 980 and i7 4790k and i get a stable steady 30fps, like yeah it's not 10/10 but it's definitely playable and fun even if it is slow soppy American stock.Edit: GWE makes the American stuff worth it"
76561197969475130,Recommended,530070,34956977,Posted: 14 September,all,Cpt. Issues,"Really impressive as a sim, the CSX trains seem to somehow feel powerful and imtimidating just as a PC game! As for the GWR expansion - it's raining, none of the station signs display any train information and my NPC passengers looked cross 10/10 realistic simulation (using my old commute for reference!)"
76561198372023471,Recommended,530070,34838080,Posted: 9 September,all,thecouncillor1,pure enjoyment playing this the graphics are good the experience is outstanding
76561198057243928,Recommended,530070,30560261,Posted: 16 March,all,matthew56214,I love this game it's so cool
76561198132362866,Recommended,530070,34559631,Posted: 28 August,all,Masonator_89,"My thoughts, and a story.I see this game getting a lot of negative reviews but, I think we need to give credit where credit is due. These people spend such a long time modelling the trains and cars and working on the massive scenery which is bigger than a Grand theft auto map.I understand in this current stage, it's kinda bad. There are some bugs that need fixing. There aren't many trains and liveries right now. TBH I'm getting a bit bored of it. But know, that there's a certain likableness to it.For one, i just did a full starting procedure on a train in the yard. I mean, it was great. I went to go hook up a ton of cars and went on my way to a long 30min journey before I went to work.I'll be honest, at first I considered returning the game and waiting a while longer. But, I bought the bundle with the pre order of the new dlc, and I do wanna support the devs. And no I don't think they are money grabber, they work hard on these games.Should you get it right now? Only if you're hardcore wanting to be an engineer. Otherwise, if you have the other train sim game, buy some dlc for that or just hold off all together.STORY TIME:It was a brisk winter morning. I Park my truck and get out of its warm cabin and head for the train. After yanking on the door handle for a few minutes, I finally enter the cabin where it was a few degrees warmer. Wanting some heat on my legs, I quickly flip all the fuses into place, turn on the switches, and head back outside to open engine Bay door. The engine wasn't easy to start, taking a couple tries. After finally getting it to a steady idle, I head inside and turn on the heater, which was only blowing luke warm air. I flip on the lights, and check to make sure they're working. Finally, I was ready to start hooking up. I hop back into my seat, accidentally knocking the horn lever, Er, I mean, testing the horn, and head on to my day."
76561198164450001,Recommended,530070,30596072,Posted: 18 March,all,frontcentermusician,Great train sim. I ordered early and got the discount. Worth every penny. I fired up the game and was doing the tutorials and learned a lot abut how to run a train through that. Excellent moving  scenery and just plain fun to run. Takes some computer horsepower to run it though. Go get it!
,Recommended,530070,30574805,Posted: 17 March,all,ginglymus,"A huge step forward from both the old series and the beta late last year.Yes, it is not without its issues, primarily the extreme CPU limited performance. However, where I was previously only just able to scrape by a single 10 car train at 12 fps, I can now comfortably run a mile long train at 30.The immersion is beyond anything previously seen in the TS series; the scenarios are well thought out and lead you through the more in-depth controls very kindly.I definitely want to see more improvements in peformance, and there are a few bugs that need ironing out, but feature wise I think it's top notch, and at £20 with the early bird discount, excellent value for money considering what £20 gets you in the old series."
,Recommended,530070,30583927,Posted: 17 March,all,Jackthedragonkiller,The game is pretty fun. A very big step from TS 2017. Even though the game lags a lot and has three locomotives (for now) it's still pretty addicting. This may also not just be a big step for train sim but a big step from all simulators. To summarize everything up. JUST BUTT THE FREAKING GAME ALREADY!!!
76561198343293030,Recommended,530070,30589323,Posted: 18 March,all,g513,"i7-6700k @ 4.2ghzGTX 1070 SeahawkGraphics 9/10Detail is second to none, lighting looks awesome (night light effects way above TS2017), I get a bit of shimmer with heavy rain and yard lights can shine a little bright inside cab of locomotive. There is also some ghosting which I'm sure will be rectified in later versions.Physics 9/10Wow, from a bouncing speedo (just like the real thing) as the train gains and loses momentum, accurate braking systems, watching the bogies/trucks and hoses bounce up and down at speed, trains are difficult to stop (woot) and tractive effort feels accurate - physics are leaps and bounds above TS2017.Audio 7/10Locomotives and cars sound great, distant horns now sound much more accurate, open any door/window for more noise, ai trains sound great but do lack horns, more rail grind is needed in yards, coupling sounds are needed, - would love to hear a big bang when hooking up cars or pulling slack from train.Playability 10/10Switches switches switches!! I was hard pressed to find a switch in any of the locomotives that did not work, from variable wiper controls to loco/cab lighting, everything has been accurately covered in the finest of detail.First person is a great addition, climbing/riding the engines and cars, operating turntables, starting/isolating lead or trailing units and being able to stretch your legs while in the cab keeps you busy on those slow sections.Verdict: 9/10Overall a great starting point for a new sim, lots of future potential and cannot wait to see what future routes/updates will bring.My biggest gripe would be the ghosting effect, lack of coupling and AI horn sounds.Run the Sandpatch stream from Railroadaudio.comin the background for radio chatter"
,Recommended,530070,30575441,Posted: 17 March,all,Curgenven,"I'll be honest and upfront at the very beginning... The game DOES need some serious optimising still.However having said that, I'm still happy to recommend this game. It's a vast improvement over TS2017 (which was essentially still the original Railworks) and both graphically and from a realism view point, it's 100% better than anything currently around.For the price it's sold for, I was happy to pay it. Had it have been £40-£50 such as a AAA title, then no, I feel I may have been asking for a refund, but overall, the price and the fact that my ONLY gripe with the game is that it does need optimising some more, I'm happy to say that it you enjoy simulation games, if you enjoyed the TS range of games, and if you like trains, then give this a go. Stick with it and overlook the poor FPS for now. If it still stands in 6 months’ time that it's not been optimised, then I will apologise for having recommended the game, and adjust my review according.TL;DRGive the game a chance, it's heading in the right direction at full speed."
,Recommended,530070,34575479,Posted: 29 August,all,Kyano [NTA],"So, this game. It is a fresh start from TS. It offers much more and gives alot more opportinites. Main problem I have is you have to have a beast of a computer to even run it. I personaly dont have a problem with it. Overall lets move onto the Pros and ConsPros:+ Very beautiful graphics+ Interesting route+ Very, VERY good moddelingCons:- Needs a beastly PC- Very limited to what you can doOverall i will give this game a 6/10 as the game is still in its baby-boots"
76561198053752950,Recommended,530070,34707219,Posted: 3 September,all,code1412,I need chinese!!!
76561198263354556,Recommended,530070,30583156,Posted: 17 March,all,Jimmy,"So far i love it. Every thing working good But it is glite and laggy. Hopfly thay will fix it with updatse. I would to see it play with no laggying. have not played alot of it but i've been looking at everthing. I will give this game a 8 stars out of 10. Thay can get 10 star's if it had no lag. But over all i love it everthing look's , sound's , and work's like real"
,Recommended,530070,30561532,Posted: 16 March,all,Moose517,"I have only had a few hours with the game thus far and impressions so far are that it needs some work.  I've got a laptop with a GTX965m that seems to be handling it fairly decently, still low FPS but its bearable.  For the money paid for it there just isn't a whole lot of game.  8 scenarios and the ""services"" mode and that's about it.  The locomotives themselves look beautiful, as does the rolling stock and some of the scenery, the same can't be said for like buildings, they straight up look like they were exported from TS2017 and called it good,  looks terrible with an amazingly detailed loco parked next to these bleck buildings at best.    There are a few wonky physics bugs that make me laugh with the cables that I'm sure can be resolved with a bit of work, and of course, there are bugs in the game, a big change from the old platform.  All in all, i'm fairly happy with the launch, room for improvement definitely but it's not terrible, provided they actually address the bugs and performance and don't just sweep it under the carpet like they have done in the past."
76561198253735379,Not Recommended,530070,35498585,Posted: 5 October,all,heyitstylerhd,Brought yesterday and really enjoyed it. Tried playing today and the sound doesnt work!!! Checked all settings. It's just the game.
,Not Recommended,530070,30545625,Posted: 16 March,all,yoman2313,"Needs to be obtimized to work with Graphics Cards, I won't give a game a chance with low frames and screen shuttering still. Maybe if it ran smooth it would be possible to keep.  System Specs: i7-4790K, 500gb Solid State Drive, 32g Ram ddr3 2400, Asus 1080 Strixl, Z97 Asus 5 way motherboard."
,Not Recommended,530070,30547714,Posted: 16 March,all,IS-Frog,"DO NOT BUY THIS!!!Although the gamplay looks fantastic from what I have seen, the performance is just abysmal.All settings on low barely give me 30fps driving a train on the mainline.Medium-high settings drop me below 15fps, unplayable.My pc:FX-8350R9 38016GB RAMinstalled on SSDWin 7"
76561197984709706,Recommended,530070,30630007,Posted: 19 March,all,tusler,"I have been having lots of fun with this. I own all the train simulator product made to date from as far back as 1990's. This is by far the best, most realistic and fun orf them all. While true it is not perfect I have been able to play it even on low fps like the 25-30 that it gets without being too distracted by it. Trains seem to move slow enough that it does not make as much difference like it would in a flight sim. In anycase I picked this up for $33 (ordered early during Beta) and it is probably the best game purchase simulator wise I've made this year.I can't wait for the Bakersfield to Mohave run to be a DLC, taking this over the Tehachapi loop will be great fun.The game for me is completely playable in it's current state and you know the Dev's are going to fix the small bugs in due time.Definately worth a buy!"
76561198281286196,Recommended,530070,30912484,Posted: 2 April,all,americantrucker8,I Don't know why people are posting all the Negative Reviews. I Think This game is Great! Yes it may have poor frames but who cares. The Game its self works! I see most people Complaining of their FPS only getting to a high of like 25. Thats the Lowest mine has ever gotten to. and I don't have that high of stuff its all AMD but I have my Graphics on High and my FPS Stays around 35-25 and never goes below 25. So Give the Game a Chance the Physics and Graphics are AMAZING! I say that this is the Best Train Simulator to date on Physics and Graphics. I just Love the fact that you have to get out of the Train to Throw Switches and uncouple your cars from the engine or other cars. So with that being said give the game a chance I know that 35-25 FPS may not be that great. But you also have to think at how much is going on Graphical wise in the game that makes have the FPS so low. All in All Awesome Simulation!
,Not Recommended,530070,30547744,Posted: 16 March,all,Ae Nons,"Day 1 First Impressions:Pros:-Realism-Accurate Controls-Shows potential-Graphics are a huge step up from Train SimCons:-Optimization is awful. Never went over 30fps on a top-of-the-line Desktop PC-American only Locos, lack of driving diversity-Quite buggy, needs an easier way to report bugsSummary:Shows real potential which I look forward to seeing but wouldn't recommend yet until the bugs and optimization are fixed and there are more locos to drive."
,Recommended,530070,31297759,Posted: 22 April,all,zubah,"Personally I like what they have done with TSW, and it feels that they are heading in the right direction.It is indeed a new engine to work with, and for the moment it may require powerful hardware, but think that in 1-2 years, the PC specs will not be the same as they are today. I own an AMD FX8350 processor and GeForce 1070 GTX, but even with the framerate that I have I am satisfied (locked at 30). They really made big improvements since the beta, I used to get only 15-20 FPS, now I'm constanly at 30 and I'm sure that they will keep up the good work with this title.The graphics in my oppinion are eye-candy, a huge leap from the previous TS games, well done with that, Dovetail. The only issue I found that is that if you enter a tunnel, the cab is still lit as if it's daylight outside. Maybe they'll fix this soon. Otherwise, really detailed locomotives and cars - you'll even see the brakes working.The audio is good, but still there were better (see Armstrong Powerhouse). I wish there would be more 3D audio support - going around the locomotive and hearing different sounds like the generator or the diesel engine - as right now they're kind of constant in-cab or ouside of the cab. I also wish there were track joint sounds, especially on junctions, right now it  kind of lacks them.As for the gameplay, I just love the new walkaround mode. Going around the engine, uncoupling and coupling, changing switches, starting the engine as it should be started, these are things that I always wished there were in Train Simulator. I also wish the game had 2-way radio support with dispatcher (sort of like FSX), but maybe i'm just thinking too far ahead.I like the new mode - services.. I think that even TS20xx should have had that as well.The lack of a scoring system however like in TS20xx is a bit disappointing, but I'm counting on future updates to solve that.Overall, the game is packed with detail, and it can be played as simple or complex as you want. There are online manuals  (even an actual CSX operations manual) to help everyone have a deep understanding of rail operations and signalling. There is still room for improvement, but seeing what they've done with this product until now, you have thumbs up from me."
76561197998527239,Recommended,530070,30547549,Posted: 16 March,all,Noodles [nicks-haulage.co.uk],"It was £20, it was worth £20. Frame rate issues yeh, i have an i7-7700K 16gb Ram and an R9 290, getting about 25fps in the yard and 50-60fps on the mainline.... the trains are very detailed, everything is detailed. Buy the game, stop your moaning, lower the graphics and eventually dovetail will fix it. It was worth £20. Give quiche a chance."
,Recommended,530070,31893102,Posted: 21 May,all,[ST] [CBH] Depressed Scum 2.0,Pretty good. I recommend it.
,Not Recommended,530070,30544871,Posted: 16 March,all,BailsBach,"The game is pretty much broken for me.I get anywhere from 10-40fps on entry level specs;(GTX 1060 and an AMD FX8350 CPU) on medium settings.Even if I selected low settings, I'd only get 1-2fps boost, therefore concluding this game is CPU bound. My CPU is only maxing at 50% usage when on TSW, averaging at 40% (explaining the poor FPS).Not only that, but optimisation is dreadful; newer PC's seem to be getting lower framerates than older spec ones, apparently.A list of bugs-.No keybinds (it's broken)..Save states don't work (they break the game if you try to load them)..Sound levels don't work correctly for me (for some reason)..I had a random VR bug which caused me to get stuck in the track spawning as a person (I don't own any VR game or even a VR headset)..You can get stuck outside your train if travelling over 20mph (you won't be able to re-enter via the doors, sometimes cannot get up the stairs on the side).So, all in all, wait until they fix it.Dovetail are being really vague about what their motives are right now; they're promising updates but I'd definitely save your money until they're officially fullfilled, as they're most likely putting all their efforts into making a new DLC rather than fixing the game for 40% of the player base (otherwise known as the rational ones).The game itself is brilliant, but it has been rushed to launch with many bugs and issues still remaining. Save the money."
,Recommended,530070,30560324,Posted: 16 March,all,=LXN=Snowlep337,"First off I have a GTX 660 GPU 8GB of DDR3 RAM and an AMD FX 8350 and I get 30-35 FPS everywhere in this game. I have no idea why people with 1080 and 1070s have issues. I have noticed that a lot of people use intel processors so maybe it runs better on AMD also as I mentioned earlier I have a 660 GPU so I have 2GB of  VRAM which is at the minimal specification for this game so anyone who has specs that exceed the recommended specs and saying that they have bad fps is BS.Secondly I Would really recommend this game to anyone who can stand a moderate FPS and doesn't get butt hurt when they have to run on low or medium (which is what I run on, medium) and can't play on high or ultra with 4k or 1080p resolution. One of the things I really like about this game is the price, the price is fantastic because most games like this with good graphics would cost mostly around 60 USD and I am happy with the 31 dollars I spent on this game.So when it all comes down to it yes, yes it could use some optimization and yes it has some issues besides the fps BUT do not let that deter you from buying this game, this game is amazing with how realistic it is, This game blows RUN8 out of the water and the fact that this game will also have multiplayer will be amazing. This concludes my review TSW. Goodnight.also they didn't add dummy controls, lmao everyone is mad xp"
76561198061179426,Recommended,530070,30623900,Posted: 19 March,all,jhxena1,This game is'nt too bad. It still needs ALOT of work though. Framerates are pretty decent for me.Still having alot of fun playing this game. Hopefully Dovetail will address these problems with patches though. (Fingers crossed)
,Recommended,530070,31401302,Posted: 27 April,all,Stu,"I only have 62 hours in Train Sim and wished it was more!  This Sim, however, is in a different league.  It is the ultimate in Sim games, if you call it a game.  There are no words that can explain how amazing, detailed and jawdropping (in 4k with everything at full).I do not know how this is currently overall at a mixed review status, I thought that for £24.99 nd the amount of time that can be enjoyed playing this it would be at a much higher state.  The last Battlefield & CODwere a load of rubbish (I had them for my PS4) and the cost a LOT more than this to purchase with a single player campain of around 5 or 6 hours.  If you play the service section of this then  your in the hot seat for a full 24 hours per shift, on-top of that there are the training levels and the senario sections that also last for hours.This is an amazing product and sets the bar so high for other SIMs that I don't think it can be beaten."
76561198016832508,Recommended,530070,30549276,Posted: 16 March,all,Exocet,"I'd love to recommend this sim, but I haven't had a chance to play it yet because I have found no way to skip the tutorial that thinks I'm a computer illiterate five year old. I'm currently 56 hours in, and we've just about covered mouse look. The chap giving the tutorial speaks at a rate the makes glacial movement a positive blur, and pauses for approximately 8 or so eons for you to digest what he's said before allowing you to perform the required action to get to the next section of the tutorial.I dearly hope that I'm not dead before I get to the actual simulator.P.S. The 47 minute section on how to tie my shoe laces was a bit much."
76561197970411310,Not Recommended,530070,34057782,Posted: 6 August,all,marshy747,"Totally unplayable and constantly crashing, waste of money."
76561198045011280,Recommended,530070,30758558,Posted: 26 March,all,stevenmarie111601,"T.S.W. CSX Heavy Haul,   is very  much of a major improvement over TS .  I love the detail that is in this game.  and how you must enter the cab as if it was a real train .I know that a lot of members of stream , feel they were rip off by the price for this game that still has a lot of bugs in it. that fps rate is not up to par.  I know that  People that program this simulation are doing  the best they can and they will fix poor FPS rate here .  As to others here ,I am 53 years old and have work on PC systems for last 8 years , I have built my last two intel systems.I Can't afford  just build a super Computer to run this game,  I would love to and I want to .It was the Fall of 1981, when I was in  high School and a  12 Grade  Senior , when computers just made there arrival in form of IBM personal system on my High school campus.Steven W. P.Los Osos, Ca"
76561198074608163,Recommended,530070,35195691,Posted: 24 September,all,cooley_boy,Epic Detail. Would like to see some of the original routes converted across to this new platform though. Well worth the wait.
76561198082498710,Recommended,530070,30565536,Posted: 17 March,all,Alpal,"I will start off by saying that i really like the direction this next gen train simulator is going, it feels very realistic from the weather to the enviroment to the actual train itself big step up!. however i will mention that this game was mean't to be released in feb, but dovetail told us (late notice) that they are pushing it back to march to ensure a quality product overall. Look what we have here, a game that was meant to be performance driven/ready and people are having issues with lag although they have really good specs for their PC's.Would i reccomend the game? look that's tricky, i was looking at the reviews on here myself and it almost made me turn away but now that i have purchased it i sorta don't regret it (still 50/50). I believe that although this product requires more time to performance enhancement, it is a solid game but definatly needs more content in the future and that's what sold me because this game is full of possibilities now so the content in the future looks very promising indeed."
76561198124620757,Recommended,530070,30576015,Posted: 17 March,all,brentsutula,This is the best train simulator yet. It is defenitaly worth the money.
76561198072339663,Recommended,530070,30576744,Posted: 17 March,all,John P,"I am not about to compare this to TS2017, they are two different game engines. It would be like comparing bread to a glass of milk.I like this game but have refunded due to not being a fan of US content. I brought this to see how my pc would far and if I need to upgrade before any UK content is available  I can get a solid 20-30 FPS and it's more than played to me I'm sure with more tweaking of pc I can get more FPS and I better GPU may help too. Whcih I'll have time to get and install before UK content is released."
76561198129142285,Recommended,530070,30623477,Posted: 19 March,all,rzolliecoffer,"It's a great game that gets you immerse into it and time will get away from you, great graphics, smooth frame rates for me, glad i purchased this product."
76561198012958652,Recommended,530070,30560485,Posted: 16 March,all,c1o2l3i4n,"I like the game, been playing train sim for years and instead of getting a revamp every year its nice to get a new platform. My computer runs it relitivly well on the highest settings and i love yhe way you aren't tied to the drivers seat like other train sims. It is no where near the great disapointment that the latest trainz products are. I am looking forward to what DLC are going to apear, hopefully a good english rout. I am enjoying every muinute of game play."
,Recommended,530070,30574963,Posted: 17 March,all,Aviend,"Pretty relaxing game, so far no trouble with it."
,Recommended,530070,32032339,Posted: 28 May,all,CSX5202,"It is very laggy. I would please ask that you fix the issue. In the beginning, it was ok. But, please, fix it. It's still enjoyable, but very laggy."
76561198054302794,Recommended,530070,30560676,Posted: 16 March,all,Dave1562,"What a suprise, all the Dovetail bashers posting negative reviews, all with less than 2 hours played. Yes the game does suffer with some FPS issues but I'm not finding it unplayable by any means. I've a lesser GPU than many (780ti) and get a steady 35-45fps in 1080p and 20-25fps at 4k (in ultra as well). After playing it in 4k, I can't go back to 1080 though, it looks absolutely gorgeous. Anyway, this game doesn't need 60fps, it's not a fast action shooter! Don't listen to all the negativity, try it yourself, you might just be suprised!"
,Not Recommended,530070,34533825,Posted: 27 August,all,God Father,To me the game is excellent but for now my review is negative because they said they were going to bring multiplayer with has been a complete lie so far and the game has been out for half a year with no updates besides one route
,Recommended,530070,30562748,Posted: 16 March,all,[LP] Guathix,"so...much...detail...Also, stop crying about how it runs. They already said a fix is on the way. god damn"
76561198030311658,Recommended,530070,35105425,Posted: 21 September,all,aviatora320,"After some updates and with the release of the new route ""Great western express"" the new Train Sim World platform is showing allot of potentials. Great Graphics, accurate sounds more realistically operated locomotives and a 24h schedule to run are some of the great new features.A big disappointment is the fact that the Raildriver interface is still not supported. Train sim fans have invested in hardware, and its a big minus to not be able to use them."
76561198048035887,Recommended,530070,34974363,Posted: 15 September,all,MezzerliptikJay,"So another train sim how doest it compare to the last onePros:Beautiful when it wants to belots of interactive aspectstutorials are very good and stop holding your hand after it thinks you have it down (lovely touch)voice acting is goodpassengers get on and off and pick a random seatfeels like alot of love has gone into alot of thingsCons:Optimization really needs work low drops to 40fps and jitters in built up or loading areas (using a RX 480 8GB & a i5 3570k with 16GB oF RAM and running in fullscreen 1366x768 resolution)There are Graphical bugs from time to time (sometimes you get no shadows in the cockpit and missing shaders, and or lots of banding/artifacts on passing A.I trains or shimmering textures just admiring your own train)"
76561198102326706,Recommended,530070,34999644,Posted: 16 September,all,Johnny_H,"Lots of fun but the game has problems.Nice graphics, it looks better than CSX Heavy Haul.   I get around 40 fps but it drops to 15 - 25 fps around stations.  Which I'm happy with considering I only have a FX6350 processor.  I was looking for a reason to upgrade to a Ryzen chip anyway.My main gripe is the signalling system.  Why are the signal heads only two aspect and the highspeed junctions haven't got flashing aspects on approach.  I think it was wrong not to include the 165 as this is the commuter end of the GWML.That being said if you like train games the this is a lot of fun and well worth the money."
,Recommended,530070,30593874,Posted: 18 March,all,forthegaby,"Its a really nice game, much improved graphically and gameplay wise than the last TS2017, its a true modern simulation game!okay it unoptimized but its not that bad really and hope they gonna fix that issue soon.It can get sometimes below 25 but i can get around 40 50 fps as well.Im running on a i4790k 4.2Ghz,GeForce 980Ti,  16Gb RAM and from a SSD in 1440p so its not some brand new rig nor the fastest but its still enjoyable!Looking forwards for the new content for TSW !!"
,Recommended,530070,30548239,Posted: 16 March,all,Magnetom,"It's fun, you can do alot of things you could only dream of in Train Simulator, just... buyer beware, it runs fairly bad on high-end systems, myself having a GTX 1070 and getting these poor frames, it's not good. It's playable, but on lower settings and it still is a little snappy and the sound is choppy sometimes. However, i can't let this subtract entirely from the experience they're attempting to give, as you get three locomotives to chose from and ALOT more control over them than in regular Train Simulator, alot more clickable buttons and functions and handling and i feel that if they work on updating and fixing the current inconsistencies, this will turn into something great but i think it'll be a long time off and a very slow work in progress. This is more of a tech demo than it is anything for the upcoming Train Sim World (Which i still give quite a few months/year to show up yet). It's fun, it doesn't run very good but /hopefully/ Dovetail games will do a little optimizing and updating because this has alot of potential if they'll do the right thing. Dovetail games in the past has had a bit of controversy amongst fans and the train simulator community based on their business practices and quality of work, but this could very well be their chance to redeem themselves if they do it right. I will recommend it, but if you have anything lower than a 1070 i'd suggest waiting for a sale, or updates to where it runs a bit better, because as it stands, it struggles on high-end systems."
76561197998231236,Recommended,530070,30593516,Posted: 18 March,all,kenundrum,"I do recomend this game if you like the genre. I really like the fact you can get up and walk around, and check out your train in more detail. It seemed easier to get into then Train Simulator was for me.About the graphics, some seem to make as though the graphics are majorly better then the previous Train Simulator, yet I think it is only a little better. They use the same assets over and over, like the previous version, and nothing was spectacularly better. Though I have yet to mess around with the weather.The frame rate struggles at times. Some complain it is not a consistant 60 FPS, but it is a simulator, and does not require such FPS. Granted, smother is always better, but for a slow moving train simulator, super high FPS is not necessary IMO. I found the FPS to be very acceptable, and may improve with patches that address optimization. I run an i4770k CPU with a 980ti graphix card. There appeared to be no difference in FPS between High and Ultra setting in game, so I believe any bottleneck may be CPU bound.Basically it is fun and relaxing, but if you are satisfied with Train Simulator, maybe don't bother, or wait for a sale."
76561198123964436,Recommended,530070,30706940,Posted: 24 March,all,dnorred13,Frame rates are a issue. I have gtx 1080 with i7-6700k at 4.8Ghz and only average around 30-35fps @ 4k. While playable at these frames this game needs a update. Looking forward to future addons for this game.
,Recommended,530070,34742358,Posted: 4 September,all,OldDirtyCracker,"This is my review after ten minutes: fricken awesome.I'm instantly blown away by the intensity of the experience.If you see my hours played rack up with no edit to this review just ♥♥♥♥ing buy it.Update: I'm level 5 and I only died once!Update 2: I hear things moving around in these shipping containers. Creeping me out. Could be some kind of secret government experiments in there. I'm loyal, I just don't like being kept in the dark. ""Are you sure you want to quit the game?"" No, I don't want to, I have♥♥♥♥♥♥to do."
76561198061674500,Recommended,530070,31674412,Posted: 10 May,all,River2003  (Cell),"This is a awosome realistic Train Simulator game, I Love the Graphics, the Trees, the Rivers, the leaves, and last the locomotives. And I like the Sand Patch Summit route, in the fall it looks very cool, and good job with the sounds DTG."
,Recommended,530070,30660208,Posted: 21 March,all,Wanderer,"Ok personaly I have been enjoyinh TSW CSX HeavyHaul , it has a very real feel to the simulation , the modles are nice , and it has a very good deal of things to be done , seems to have more realistic working feel than TS 17 and , TS 17 I also like , but this simulator has the real feel of a true simulator program  .     Thank You for a job welkl done  .TC"
,Not Recommended,530070,30547698,Posted: 16 March,all,Propane and Propane accessories,"Rare that i do a thumbs down, but not what i was expecting, felt like playing the flight school and gave little to no freedom. add it in and the multiplayer they promised then i might purchase it again."
,Recommended,530070,31031671,Posted: 8 April,all,Make America Great Again,Very fun game extremely realistic needs some optimization though
,Not Recommended,530070,34716470,Posted: 3 September,all,GT4tube😼,Small Featured content..Just Train Things.
,Recommended,530070,30561062,Posted: 16 March,all,Thelegend5550,"Althought I have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computer and I can hardly run the game, Dovetail has done an Outstanding Job with this game. As for all the bugs and problems that are still going on with it, Give Dovetail some damn time to take care of it. They just released it of course the game isnt going to be Perfect. But lets all be honest, I don't think its gettin Anybetter than this when it comes to train simulators. Especially due to the fact that no one really cares much for trains as far as video games. So for them to be able to release this game and create something like this thats so amazing, I applaud them for the fantastic work and I am greatful for what they have given us."
76561198368499453,Recommended,530070,30635637,Posted: 20 March,all,smallblockchev1964,I really like this simulator. I have played pc trainsimulators for years and this one is the best in graphics and realism. The only 2 downfalls right now are the lack of content ( which I assume will change in the near future) and in game optimization. The game runs low fps even with top end computers like mine!! Developers need to address this issue (as it is at the moment) its biggest issue!!!
76561198120493127,Recommended,530070,30638986,Posted: 20 March,all,Jumpybog,The game is fun.But needs some fixes.
,Recommended,530070,30563538,Posted: 16 March,all,PDKoester,"I really suggest you get this, thank you to the creators, programmers, etc., and look forward to DLC for all other railroads, routes, and such.  Bravo!"
76561198190991902,Recommended,530070,30717269,Posted: 24 March,all,EmMaster Gaming,"The level of detail is incredible. But if you don't have a buff computer (like I don't), you won't get a playable frame rate. However, this game excites me so much, that I'm going to upgrade my PC."
76561198311003965,Recommended,530070,32488185,Posted: 16 June,all,eagaines,I really love this game I'll keep it. This game is more realistic than Train Simulator.
76561198251134000,Recommended,530070,30817184,Posted: 29 March,all,carolinablue1984,i like the game but i have had a lot of issues with it though one bing after it installs i can click play and it says it is preparing to launch the game it takes a while  i did get to play it until the update it does not work now after the update  and i do have a gaming laptop i am not going to say i don't recommend the game i just wish it would work
76561198178512202,Recommended,530070,30779540,Posted: 27 March,all,BLUE_FLAME,very fun game but u need a good computer
76561198021816241,Recommended,530070,35146542,Posted: 23 September,all,Cenobite,"Giving this a positive rating, simply because it introduced me to TS2017.Pretty trains, poor enviroments, poor performance, many glitches, easy learning curve.Feels like TS lite, will get you into trains and ultimately better sims."
,Recommended,530070,30549453,Posted: 16 March,all,Major Wales | Y Cʏᴍʀᴏ,"Although the game is non-optimised from the beta, the game plays nicely, and has many cool features such as being able to walk.The graphics are great (Better than Railworks/TS2017), but don't expect to run above Medium for now. Medium for most people with higher-end systems end up with ~15-40fps, and any higher than Medium results in ~10-20fps.The systems are great, the UI is very much improved, and the controls are also better, where you no longer have to right-click to move the view around. Using a switch or reverser etc requires a left-click and a drag in either direction, or use the same keys as TS2017.There is a number of features still missing from the game (which I already knew wouldn't be here as of this moment, like more routes/scenario builder/route creator/Multiplayer to name a few, if not all) however the Train Sim World is really empty without them. Given this game is still technically in a ""pre-release"" standpoint, given a number of features are still being worked on, I would have suggested to Dovetail that this be under Early Access rather than released as a full game.As for the number of features they added, such as the ""rattling train"" and ""waving brake pipes"" these don't move much at all and therefore are not really recognisable unless you really look for them.As for the tutorials, they're great, although the turntable tutorial did bug out on me twice. First time, the turntable went one track too far, but the game thought that it had stopped, and the problem is that the game stops you from moving the turntable. You either have to restart or you have to have a laugh and drive the train into the railings on the side of the turntable. The second time it bugged on me is that I turned the turntable the other way, but it doesn't accept entry from the opposite end, meaning you have to turn it 180° to continue.Bugs aside, Watching the AI travel past is a lot nicer in this game compared to TS2017. The audio quality is much better for all of the trains and wagons, meaning that you can take in the surroundings as well as the sounds of the other trains going past.Sand Patch so far for me has been ok, I spent about 5 minutes travelling at 10mph because the limit is 15mph and you had to travel 2 miles to be able to even speed up, and even then it's only to 25mph. A lot of other time has been me trying to find the best graphical settings, which I have found a decent compromise between framerate and quality. I maintain ~20-35fps at the most demanding areas, however getting into the valley/creek allows it to creep towards 40fps at max.Although the game is heavily unoptimised (Much like FSX in terms of performance), especially for an Unreal Engine game, it IS a good train simulator, however DO BE WARNED about the optimisation of this game prior to buying, and ensure you have at LEAST the recommended, given that the game is heavily taxing."
,Recommended,530070,30566044,Posted: 17 March,all,Life Pilgrim,"I know many people complain about poor performance/optimization. I hope performance / opimtimization is something that Dove Tail will improve in coming patches and I do hope there will be optimization patches.Why? Because this game is so perfect otherwise. It's the only train game that allows you to role play as a person.The game looks stunning with virtually every nook and cranny simulated!!! and it is super easy to play too with all nooks and crannies labeled (labels can be turned off if you want).On top of that the price is a big plus being rather affordable with much to offer for rail sim enthusiasts.I love the 24 hour service mode where you can take control of any loco with real life schedule. The route feels alive that way.The downside with this route is that we don't get the full 100-mile route but a shortened 60-mile route.Another thing which I love about TSM is that there's no longer scoring!!! I can finally heave a relief since now I can concentrate on role playing the game trying my best to follow the route's speed regulations without being paranoid about some points.I love American diesel freight trains and this game just so perfectly captures my fascination of them. Hoping for more American freight train routes to come!!!! Marias pass maybe, 155-mile long route for both freight and passenger trains!"
76561197960459248,Recommended,530070,30573731,Posted: 17 March,all,Czech Monster,"In the World of rabid 10 year olds trying to♥♥♥♥♥♥your mom everytime you get shoot in call of battlefield modern teabag this game stands out as something you can get to after long day at work AND RELAX! Yes it has flaws, it is in a dire need of optimization however not being pressured and playing at your own pace in wonderful enviroment is well, wonderful."
76561198041741714,Recommended,530070,30572155,Posted: 17 March,all,Trainzer40,"I rarely do reviews, but i wanted to get the facts straight for all the negative reviews i am seeing.alot of people are complaining about framerates,the fact is framerates don't matter, you follow smoothness, so the dips to 20fps at times in heavy area's is completely normal with this new unreal engine.you do need good hardware to run this game, i am using a 7700k at 5ghz and a asus 1080 with everything on high.my framerates are about 60 during most of the game.i do dip down in the 20's in the large yards, but the sim is still smooth.anyone that's used other sim games should be able to relate to playing with low framerates. you just deal with it.as long as your sim is smooth at 20fps you are fine.i wanted to get that out of the way. now my review of the game, it's amazing, having a first person view brings the sim to a whole new level. i spent 4 hours playing and all i can say is wow. almost everything in the cab of the train, buttons ect.. are clickable, even the touchscreens are usable with the buttons underneath.this is the most detailed train simulator i have ever seen. i will be looking forward to all the future content this sim produces.the new hud i fell in love with, it doesn't take up half your screen,the tutorials are very imformative and easy to follow, all the new speed boards are great, there is not anything i can say bad or a con. yes the performace is heavy on hardware and you need a hefty pc to run on high settings. that is completely expected with a new engine until hardware catches up.for all the ones complaining about performance, ignore it. this was well worth th 30.00 i spent on preorder and still very much worth the 40,00.people need to learn how to optimize there computers, don't leave background apps running, and the ones complaining probably don't meet the recommended hardware requirements.an i7 4790 is required, not i5's. a gtx 970 is recommended.when you buy a sim game you should always look at the recommended settings and make sure your hardware is above that to get a good experience.if you have poor hardware, you are gonna have a poor experience, its that simple.for anyone running a 6700k or above and not getting a good experience, your computer is the issue, not the sim.you should have a 6700k and a gtx 1070, maybe a 1060 to get medium settings. noone is going to be able to max this game out on the current fastest hardware. thats just what happens with new technology.ignore the negatives and buy this sim. you won't regret it. i just happened to be saving money towards building a suitable pc that would run this. i hope this helps some people considering buying this."
,Recommended,530070,30548134,Posted: 16 March,all,FrEnEtIcUs,awesome
76561198370462067,Recommended,530070,30684098,Posted: 23 March,all,rbrewhead,This game does have problems right now.  There are a few bugs to work out such as audio problems and never ending red lights.  The frame rate issues are a little rough as even with a 1080 GTX FTW graphics card I an only get 40 fps on a moving loco.  All of this aside though I love this game.  It is so realistic and I like the ability to just walk around and go wherever I want.  To me the problems with this game are far overshawdowed by its good features.
76561198009960007,Recommended,530070,30703239,Posted: 24 March,all,Fodder123,"At last a Train Sim that lets you walk around and manage the other parts of the Rail workings.This First Person Rail works allows first Person feture's that really sets it apart from mny others, Change the switches by hand in the goods yards, Work the turn table's as a real sort of rail worker.Walk to your Train or any other just like the real world, Climb the ladders onto your engine or the wagons.,Then when you are ready start the Engine's set Her up ready to move. Connect to other engines  or new Trains ready to Roll.Ahh.. If you need Fuel move to the refulling area and connect to the manule fuel station and fill Her up.Back at the train let the brakes go and away you go!!Great cool Sim really needs to be in everyones collection!Its never ending!"
76561197971702880,Recommended,530070,30747653,Posted: 26 March,all,GameExplorer,"WOW!!! Well done Dovetail on a brilliant delivery of the next gen Train Simulator. I cannot wait for the content builders to catch up with their content and most of all I can cannot wait for the scenario and route editors to be made available publicly so I can build my own stuff.After completing all the scenarios of the Sand Patch route, there is very little I can fault at this stage.Yes, there are a couple of teething problems like the problem with saving the progress of the collectibles, but I am sure the development team is already all over that and few other issues that we will see patched soon.I would also like to have a 'full' free roam scenario, where I can drive my train wherever I want and not be restricted in any way, but I am sure this will be available once we can build our own scenarios.Overall:Double thumbs-up and well done!"
76561197994737360,Recommended,530070,31089271,Posted: 11 April,all,bartek3net,"really amazing train simulator! This version not only allow you to experience train driving from driver seat perspective but also allow you to get up (at any time!, even when moving during mission) and walk all around loco or on cars you pulling behind..It even want you to fill your loco by yourself from pump (properly) once tank goes low..Trully amazing - however need much more routes (like European) and their locos.. not only US. It will be then trully NEXT GEN immersion train simulator i waited WHOLE LIFE !"
,Recommended,530070,31126673,Posted: 13 April,all,AGI Ekim,"If you a real buff of trains, i highly recomed this game! Teaches you the ins and outs of the world of railroading. al in all runs very smooth graphics wise. The only thing i'd have to suggest is the addition of more trains on the Cumberland Terminal sub to be featured."
76561198257884237,Recommended,530070,30560523,Posted: 16 March,all,winglesschip209,this is worth every penny and i know their will be even greater updates by far the best train game in the market up to now
76561197984963079,Recommended,530070,30561143,Posted: 16 March,all,SchnellStell,"The Game Play is Great, really love the First Person Sim aspect. That alone has me hooked and recommending the game, but dat Fram rate tho....  25fps max down to 15fps in the train yard.   i7 with a gtx1080I didnt pay 500 bucks for a video card just to get 20fps."
,Recommended,530070,30548910,Posted: 16 March,all,Hatchet,"This is a SIMULATOR this is not a typical ""GAME""  You do NEED high end hardware to run it . Yes they can likely do more here but I would be curious what the folks are doing .  Running this game on anything less than a 1080 with FULL detail is not going to happen.    You have to set this for your system it is one of the few that actualy is useing the power of the system.A great Sim and a Great start to a new setup. I am enjoying this very much . Runs fine.System specs = higher then the people who complain.I have a system with a 980 also. I ran the game on It and had to lower detail settings and got fine 40fps average.I think its about the settings you use for now.If you like SIM games and actualy takeing hours to complete a run etc. then this is awsome."
76561198127408551,Recommended,530070,30548122,Posted: 16 March,all,Real Spacecore214 (Yt),"I really like this game I get a soild 30 fps every time I checked. I hope they add steam trains, and no paid content (DLC)."
76561198071473342,Recommended,530070,30548388,Posted: 16 March,all,skylinesteve,Well I Must Say challenging! I've Done the Big Haul Sand Patch and thought it was great! Good score of 3 out of 4! Even had to switch everything off in the engine and walk out of the train and walk to my van to drive home to end the scenario. Obviously Thumbs Down on many reviews but sorry to say mine is Thumbs UP! Well done DTG again! Obviously updates for slight tedious things in good time! Like PrtScrn and outside cab views of the consists and land scape scenery whilst driving! But Detail and complex functionality does all work! the future for train sim is getting better and better! I would recommend it to a true enthusiast! My score Is 10/10
,Recommended,530070,30691374,Posted: 23 March,all,wobblycaptain,To put it bluntly i enjoy the game but the frame rate issue in parts of the game spoils it at the moment.Even if your novice in this game you will soon be choo chooing along.Hopefully future updates may fix the issues that many are reporting at the moment (fps)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQKMPlWU5Us&t=25s
,Recommended,530070,30546436,Posted: 16 March,all,Th5Mupp5t,"If you like Train Sims then you'll love this game!A few adjustments are needed to correct some issues but other than that, a very well made game! The game itself comes with 1 route, 3 Engines and a few scenarios to get you going!I'm looking forward to see what else comes out with this game!"
76561198085919942,Recommended,530070,30755244,Posted: 26 March,all,Calico Jack,"I haven't had any issues with it yet. I think it crashed 1 time in the 6 or 7 hours I have played so far. Graphics are alright. Probably will be made better in the future. I have been kept entertained by it. It is fun, I do recommend it. I am not sure it is worth $40 yet though, but if you catch it on sale I'd recommend snatching it up and giving it a try. I learned a lot and it is actually pretty fun to play. Hopefully they add more scenarios and locomotives and such."
,Not Recommended,530070,30546265,Posted: 16 March,all,Curium,WOW!! FPS is so SSHHIITT!!!!!!! and too much lag!!!!!!!.im gonna refund. >:(my main System:E3-1231 v3GTX 1070 8G VRAM16 GB RAMWindows 10  64 bit
76561198203747080,Not Recommended,530070,30547541,Posted: 16 March,all,T.TV/Psychobleeds,This game has so many glitchs in it like randomly throwing you out of the train while going down the tracks as a starter.The FPS stinks in it as well.I would never reccommend this game to anyone.
,Not Recommended,530070,32624930,Posted: 21 June,all,Rez900p,?
,Recommended,530070,30548357,Posted: 16 March,all,Noah,"I don't know what every body is so negetive about. Its a fun and good game, Yes it needs some fixs but i just came out.I have no problem with running this game in 4k and all on ultra no problem, 48-61 fps that works and no lagg.I love this game :DMy Specs:GTX 1080 FE32 gb ddr4 ramIntel Core i7 6700k(no overclocking)"
,Recommended,530070,31424432,Posted: 28 April,all,K_Mac327,first rail sim game iv bought an got to say i love it even with its teething issues cant wait for more
76561198000661435,Not Recommended,530070,30546979,Posted: 16 March,all,hminky,A really bad game. Just the beta rolled out. TANE is better. Look for at least two years of crap before it is playable just like Railworks. Deja Vu all over again.
,Recommended,530070,30631117,Posted: 20 March,all,Druidsknight,it would be good if other bottons were detailed or even a control panel
76561198010871908,Recommended,530070,31165992,Posted: 15 April,all,dtsba5,"With the update (3.5), I bumped up from @ 30 FPS on average to @ 50 FPS + on average.   I operated for Union Pacific on Ayer Subdivision.  TSW is excellent!"
,Recommended,530070,30547391,Posted: 16 March,all,918 Spyder,Awesome my favorite kind of trains i can drive and its pretty fun
76561198036091256,Recommended,530070,30825091,Posted: 29 March,all,martenas,"I am having none of the problems reported below.  The game is running great on my computer, running everything on the best settings.  Graphics are great, great frames rates, no clue what they are but no studdering.  I have a Asus laptop G752VY which asus promised would be VR ready and it was not even though I use it for VR anyway. just saying.  I have 32 GB RAM, i7-6700@2.60GHz with the NVIDIA graphics card.  I have only been playing the game for two days so I do not have an opionion yet on the game itself but I like the way its going.  I have not tried VR yet but hoping for great playablility there also."
,Recommended,530070,34921821,Posted: 13 September,all,Intel Microprocessor,Best Graphics really Realistic but my pc  Intel Core i7 7700 MSI GTX 1080 Gaming X 8GbGskill Tradiantz 16Gb Ddr4 3200Samsung 850evo 500gb cant hadle this ultra realistic graphics cant think about the guy who has lower pc than me LOL
76561198059039109,Recommended,530070,34482374,Posted: 25 August,all,mysun20022001,"Good game, fun to play."
76561198128470386,Recommended,530070,31110268,Posted: 12 April,all,sydneyjoshua,Cool but not much to do now hope they add a metrolink or something like a BNSF.
76561197981604927,Recommended,530070,30647460,Posted: 20 March,all,drunkenFrog,"massive improvement on DTG's previous foray into train simulation. I'm pretty satisfied so far. ultimately, how the DLC is implemented will be the deciding factor for me. I was severely disenchanted by how buggy and lacking in content per dollar TS20XX was BUT based on how much improvement in gameplay I see, I'm optimistic there will be improvement in that regard as well. as it stands right now, I'm willing to give this a thumps up; and to the developers, thank you for coming through and please continue this trajectory of improvement."
,Recommended,530070,30734953,Posted: 25 March,all,Dan,I have been following TSW since it was first announced and was very impressed with the Beta. I grabbed this at the first opportunity I had and started playing and must say I was not disappointed in the quality of the game.The new features that have been possible due to the open world of the simulator put a whole new level of realism as well as objectives into TSW. From what I have seen so far I am looking forward to seeing what happens with the TSW system in future!
,Recommended,530070,30848592,Posted: 31 March,all,s.dixon,"I am on a slower system so know that performance is hampered, but I am enjoying the game.Cannot wait to get my hands on a more current system for improved gameplay."
,Recommended,530070,30546928,Posted: 16 March,all,LT-GAZZ,"I have GTX970 - i7 4790 3.6ghz and 16gb ram windows 10. game runs smooth FPS is ok no jumping etc. graphics is great. Love the idea of being able to move about.ProsFirst person free roamingGreat graphicsGreat soundA number of mixed sanariosConsOnly 1 routeSide mirrors dont seem to work, maybe its a graphics settingCant radio to talk to depot like in the tutorials again maybe this is meI have only played just over an hour but the game seems to work fine, not sure why so many are having issues. cant wait to see what Dovetail are going to do with this"
76561197971870726,Recommended,530070,31137583,Posted: 14 April,all,Loki Incarnate(formally android),"Works great for me, love it, Would love some new trains and routes. if possible co op."
76561198188230309,Recommended,530070,30595411,Posted: 18 March,all,[JLOK] [PMD] SouthwestPerson,"10/10 would play again, glad they patched the flying trains bug, hopeing they add multiplayer, recommend getting (IF YOU HAVE A GOOD PC), it is really fun and like driveing trains irl"
76561198046756592,Recommended,530070,30570937,Posted: 17 March,all,Elliott L.,"I love this game. It is a huge step up for train sim games. Almost everything in the cab is interactive, being able to climb off cars and have a free roam is very cool. The scheduled train system is very cool, in free roam you can jump into some stationary trains and it will tell you the time the train is to depart and you can take it over and drive it then.  It is cool and gives the world a sense of life. The FPS is bad on Ultra settings, but you can turn down the settings. All in all a large step in the right direction. I can't wait to see what a steam engine like the Big Boy will be like."
76561197974075580,Not Recommended,530070,31019425,Posted: 8 April,all,c303a,No where as good as Train Sim 2017. Controls are all different on game pad and moving around is a real pain.
76561198073180304,Recommended,530070,30639533,Posted: 20 March,all,Professionally Clueless,"This game is what train simulator wanted to be when it grew up.  And this game hasn't crashed at all which is already an improvement on the old game.  Now if only they add a 2-6-6-6 Allegheny to the game...PROSFirst off I've seen a lot of people saying the framerate is trash, but i turned anti aliasing off and lowered the graphics one level and aside from lagging when making drastic camera changes such as from one end of the train to the other the framerate is completely acceptable, and that's with a nothing fancy out of the box computer.  Secondly there are a few glitches such as litle hoses in the cab freaking out and the roof of the train disappearing when you look at it in just the right way, but for a brand new game it isn't bad at all.CONSBut after all that it is a limited game with maybe 8 senarios and 3 locomotives, but that shouldn't be a problem with updates and maybe third party dlc like train simulator."
,Recommended,530070,30720965,Posted: 25 March,all,Minininja,This game is a blast to play. The fact that u Can walk around is awesome. Only downside is the fps andre the fact that the PTT dosent do anything. It Would be Cool if you guds added replies because i almost derailed and i talked into my Mic and i held the button. Anyways keep up the good work.!
76561198395540569,Not Recommended,530070,34256010,Posted: 15 August,all,Jasonbassett82,How Come When I Try 2 Cheate A Name On Train Sim It Won't Work But When I Had A Look On YouTube Someone Put Bob And It Work But When I Put That It Don't And I Tried 2 Put Tom And Other Names Like That And It Still Don't Work And I Can't Ever Drive A Train But How Come It Works For Other People Just Not Me And It Would Be Nice If Steam Had A Phone Number That You Can Ring 2 Talk 2 Someone About Things Like This
,Recommended,530070,30763200,Posted: 26 March,all,CourtingPsycho,"CSX Heavy Haul is the game you will either love or hate, Currently weeks after launch the game is slowly improving performance wise but can still be abit unpredictable at times frame rate wise.Content wise theres 3 locomotives to operate and 1 route but that will grow in time after new content starts to be added to the game likely after a month or 2 so aslong as your willing to make your own tasks or even follow the services then your set"
76561197989542019,Recommended,530070,30547294,Posted: 16 March,all,Gametallica,"decent simulator, mediocre performance."
,Recommended,530070,30560691,Posted: 16 March,all,IM A BLACK GUY,"People keep saying ""OH THIS GAME IS AWFUL DONT BUY IT!!!1"" but this game is brand new! It came out today! Name a brand new ultra realistic game that could be played with no problems? The game has some optimization issues, that's all. The game looks amazing, and the physics are great! With time (maybe 3-6 months), patches for the game should come out, fixing glitches, and making the game run smoother. I really like this game, and I'm sure you just keep the settings around medium for the time being, you'll be just fine."
,Recommended,530070,30645241,Posted: 20 March,all,sidewayset,"Its great game, very high quality, defnitely better than Train Sim. I love the freedom you have over the trains. FPS is currently low, I hope they will fix it.I noticed some bugs here and there, nothing of show stopper. I am more sad about lack of routes, it gets quite boring quite quick with only one route. So hope they will add more later."
,Recommended,530070,30681028,Posted: 22 March,all,NAVALCOMMAND,what i like is the graphics im running a gtx 965 and i run fine  in ultra   to all the cry babies who are mad that  the game was not how they  wanted it so be it  go back to  your safe space    good  game   you do run out of things to do after a while but its still in  early stages of running on the  new game engine i beta tested this game back in december and to the people who you see not recommending this   if you buggy and bad  should have been in the beta it was bad but not to horrible that you could not play this game will keep having bugs  as its fresh  game on a new game engine that rail sims have not used before   its worth the money it is  very real the only thing i would mark  down side would bemore stuff to do in the yard for switching    and  i know mutiplayer has been talked about so i leave this reivew with this  game is going to get better with new missions in due time  maybe even another longer american route  as i love train games dove tail games keep on making games  there all good  every new game will have bugs at first
,Recommended,530070,30648541,Posted: 21 March,all,nocrane,I am a newbie in Train Sim games but I am alreay loving it. As I was hooked up with Train Simulator 2017 this one came out and this is even better. I didnt like the idea of an open world train sim game at first but it works beautifully. The only problem for me is that it is short which is still many hours but I am sure they will bring more scenario missions. 10/10
,Recommended,530070,30669804,Posted: 22 March,all,SaberGeorge,"I enjoy this game, but I was hoping for more train logo's on the cars then just CSX spammed on everything."
,Recommended,530070,32474026,Posted: 16 June,all,damagedcells,plz   put in a highnose loco
76561198026536450,Recommended,530070,30640861,Posted: 20 March,all,trev123,"I find this is better than RW/TS and runs well on my 5+ year old computer using a Intel 2500K CPU and a GTX 960 2gb GPU. It runs smoother on my computer than TS2017 which at this point and time don't think I would go back too or buy anymore DLC for. Sure there are a few issues with it just like any other new software, which should get sorted out by the developers."
76561198249195872,Recommended,530070,31137597,Posted: 14 April,all,Bluerazor 52,I posted a review a couple days ago saying that this game had poor optimiaztion but I know play it after patch 52 and I can now finally get 28+ fps out of it with high-max settings with only 16GB of ram and a GTX750Ti. This changes the whole opinion of this game for me.
76561198180023790,Recommended,530070,30652879,Posted: 21 March,all,TheTrainEngineer,I like trains
,Recommended,530070,32422624,Posted: 14 June,all,JOTA_Satellite,This is the Train Simulator I have been waiting for since I played my first ever train sim. Does it have minimal content? Yes. Does it take a monster machine to run? Yes. Am I exctied to see the title evolve and get bigger and better? You betcha!
76561198238870298,Recommended,530070,32658495,Posted: 22 June,all,CowingAround,VERY GOOD GAME
76561198013860078,Not Recommended,530070,33560431,Posted: 15 July,all,Slatkus,Nothing much to say. Really.
76561198282801944,Recommended,530070,31445315,Posted: 29 April,all,Justforgames,This is one of the best games i have ever played. 10/10 i recomend that you by this game!!!
76561198376373093,Recommended,530070,30762869,Posted: 26 March,all,tea42please,graet game
76561198061449032,Recommended,530070,30545669,Posted: 16 March,all,The_Ultimatefox,great game fps could be a bit better but the game is cool
76561198057443665,Recommended,530070,30765098,Posted: 26 March,all,Bunker McMutt,"By Far , The Best RailRoad sim yet, in my opinion. Awesome graphics and realistic train runs. Oh sure it needs optimization but they'll fix that soon enough. Looking forward to awesome down loadable content. For train enthusiasts i highly recomend this train sim. Will never get bored of this one. Enjoy.  89.9 / 100 even without optimization."
76561198039841297,Recommended,530070,30844142,Posted: 30 March,all,Malice,The game is beautiful and they've really nailed the immersion feelingYou will need a pretty decent PC to run this although some extreme PCs seem to get the same performance as average PCsLaunch date had quite a few bugs of which DTG have been looking after.Optimization still needs some work and the game desperately needs editors.After many hours of gameplay I'm looking forward to more product for TSWThis game has great potential and was totally worth the $35 CDN I paid for it.I'd recommend this to anyone that enjoys running trains / has a good PC & maybe a bit of patience
76561198018179496,Recommended,530070,30679865,Posted: 22 March,all,Sixpounder,game runs great ! the attention to detail is freaking awesome !
,Recommended,530070,30681272,Posted: 23 March,all,bkeith2,"Yes, it is a good game and will only get better.  Sure it has some issues that need to be worked out, but I have learned almost any simulator game takes time out of the gate to make its way up to smooth running order with no issues.   Over time as they add more routes and engines this will be the train sim to use."
76561198049835909,Recommended,530070,32961158,Posted: 28 June,all,keith.stroud.52,very enjoyable
76561198215586545,Recommended,530070,30545860,Posted: 16 March,all,only1_24,"Great Simulation Game. Although is limited by 3 Locomotives, it has plenty scenarios. FrameRate is not so gut for me, I have a slow compter.....i5 GTX950M. But Great Job! It is a lot of fun to drive the locomotive and to admire the views. I really recommend this simulator. Some passengers scenarios would have been great."
76561198059474048,Recommended,530070,30951766,Posted: 4 April,all,Gearhead998,"Well, an interesting review this will be.SPOILER ALERT:Bad optimization!Even though this game has horrific optimization still, I don't let it take away from the amazing attention to detail on all of the trains. And I've played quite a few of the scenarios and they are very fun to play. I definitely reccomend this game but, please wait to buy it until they ultimately fix the optimization. I do wish they would add a complete free roam where you have no job at all and aren't restricted to any area.EDIT:The game's optimization is somewhat fixed in Beta Update 3.5. Still needs a bit of work.This game has a lot of potential and I'm excited to see what will come from it in the future."
76561198342195928,Recommended,530070,31121641,Posted: 13 April,all,aidanr590,dosent load up onto games waist off money
76561198350810328,Recommended,530070,30560901,Posted: 16 March,all,daniel.omalley1968,forget those people they are said is piece of ...  because they can not make difference between a simulation game and  action game just like some people they are comparating with GTA 5.For Me the game run smoothFPS is between 30 to 40 on ultra  setting with fullscreen mode 1920 x 1080my spec is  I7 6700 HQmemory 32 GBGeforce GTX 1070 8 GBand do not forget this game is on is first day out
76561198073623874,Recommended,530070,30642620,Posted: 20 March,all,Ookeek,"A note for folks with SteamVR... don't buy this game unless you want to uninstall SteamVR.  The game automatically starts up SteamVR (regardless of whether you've allowed apps to start up SteamVR automatically), and shuts down when you quit out of SteamVR.  You could run it with SteamVR active, I suppose, but your system would be rendering for 3 separate screens simultaneously, and frame rate is atrocious under those conditions.Couldn't get the game to run, so I've got no comments on gameplay.  I realize most folks aren't going to have SteamVR on their system, so I'm recommending the game on the condition that you don't have SteamVR.  Otherwise, avoid it."
76561198105755784,Recommended,530070,32282808,Posted: 8 June,all,denis.levashov,"This is the best TrainSim so far. Running at 4K much more smoother than any oter competetors. The open world is a step forward in any sim, glad to see it in TSW at first.Looking forward other major 3d parties to add more addons!"
76561198318729893,Recommended,530070,31182145,Posted: 16 April,all,Descorcho,I just started and its to lagy to play is that just because the servers down or?
,Recommended,530070,30560806,Posted: 16 March,all,Maxximillion,"I don't know what everyone is complaining about with optimization. Maybe it's their crappy systems. I am running on an MSi laptop with a core i7, 1060 GTX 8GB, and 16 GB Ram and running a steady 60 to 75fps at Ultra settings. So far I love this game. Much prettier than TS2017 with many more systems modeled. Can't wait to see what the future holds"
,Recommended,530070,30936051,Posted: 3 April,all,The Lightning Diamond,This amazingly epic realistic first person train simulator is a satisfactory game I recommend this game to everyone for those especially looking for train games if you are to get any train simulators get this one.
76561198407525833,Recommended,530070,33797256,Posted: 25 July,all,CSX_AC4400CW_,Best train sim I've ever played!
76561198379273062,Recommended,530070,31681124,Posted: 11 May,all,sidney401,I LOVE THIS GAME!!
76561198060354480,Recommended,530070,33166984,Posted: 2 July,all,chuche172,Good game
76561198177136013,Recommended,530070,30966874,Posted: 5 April,all,nichfizah,Not reccoment !!!
76561198027770426,Recommended,530070,33406665,Posted: 9 July,all,n2airbrushing,FOR ALL YOU CSX HEAVY HAUL HATERS..................IF YOU CAN DO BETTER THEN CREATE IT. IF YOU CANOT DO BETTER THAN WHAT DTG HAS DONE THEN SHUT THE F*CK UP!!!!!!!! STOP WHINNING UNLESS YOU CAN DO BETTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197993376653,Recommended,530070,30545199,Posted: 16 March,all,Kung Fu Fist,FABULOUS TRAIN SIMULATIONBEST EVER AND GENERATIONS BETTER THAN TRAIN SIMULATOR 2017THE FIRST TRAIN SIM TO HAVE THE COMPLEXITY OF A FLIGHT SIMULATOR SUCH AS PREPARE 3D AND PMDG BOEING SIMULATIONSONLY FOR SERIOUS TRAIN SIMULATION FANS AND GREAT FOR MODEL RAILROADERS TOOEXTERNAL TRAIN MODELLING IS INCREDIBLE AS WELL AS WEATHER EFFECTS
76561198308833123,Recommended,530070,30548717,Posted: 16 March,all,Fruitj,"I have a i7-6900k, 64gb Ram and Dual 1080's but use one for this game and yet i'm getting low frames on ultra. The graphics on highest of high satisfy the inner child that's waiting for proper optimization. Please Dovetail fix these issues! I'm not refunding but will be looking into the future of this game."
76561198001504434,Not Recommended,530070,30561635,Posted: 16 March,all,Iron Snake,"UPDATE: Even with the update 3 the optimization stay really poor!!!!My baby: i7 4790K 4ghzGigabyte 970GTX Gaming OC 4go (last driver)16 Go RamMB MSI gaming 5Resolution 1080PHighly poorly optimized game!!! Whatever CPU/GPU combination you may have, the frame rate remain approximately the same across all setups (LOW to ULTRA) approximately 20-30fps on Ultra settings (Average 25FPS) (setting on ultra performance in NVIDIA panel).Only 30 miles of track. (one track)Not much scenario.Very repetitive (prepare yourself to see again and again the same lanscape.)And plus....Steam refuse to refund me.My guess is you have 4 choices : 1- Buy a NASA computer for 20,000$2- Wait until they update and fix the performance issues.3- Close this window and return play Pokemon4- Jump from a bridge, naked and cry F*** the world."
,Not Recommended,530070,30605202,Posted: 18 March,all,CarGuyGamer,"im extremly disapointed, i started the fully fueled mission, a 2 hour mission and i got all the way up the mountion and i no longer needed the 2 pusher engines, the mission wanted me to disconnect them, and i run the mile back to the end of the train and decouple the engines and my train derailes becuase i decoupled them and i fail the mission. 2 hours of my life gone. then i did a little testing i full trottled a train though the rail yard going 80 mph weaving though switchs and then it runs into another train and just stops nothin happens, nothing derails. ultra realism my♥♥♥♥♥ and not to mention the horrible optimization this game is still in a early beta state. This game clearly needs a early access lable and the dev need to get to work and make it playable."
,Not Recommended,530070,30639264,Posted: 20 March,all,teabagjohn,"Post optimization patch review:If you don't care about performance and like heavy, dirty and big trains then please do yourself a favor and buy this game - it is good. But the performance is not where it needs to be right now, even after the patch.A well optimized game should not run at 30fps on low and at 25fps on Ultra with a GTX1070. Seriously, why do I barely see an improvement in framerate after making the game look like crap due to very low settings?It is better now than on launch and even in heavy areas you never drop below 20fps now. But I am a PC gamer and everything below 50fps isn't good enough. 20-30fps is a joke and I hope the devs continue to work on performance because I simply can't enjoy this game right now."
,Recommended,530070,30548686,Posted: 16 March,all,SwippyOG ダニエル,"This is pretty hard to reccomend. The game is... I don't know. It's good but it's bad at the same time. I did enjoy the first 4 hours I have played today on release, but ofcourse there are a lot of problems as well. Ofcourse we know that the game isn't optimized. That is one big downside. I have a i5 6600K and a 1060OC, installed on a SSD and it runs at like 20-60 fps. It didn't have FPS drops like TS2017 tho. Most of the time it was running at 20-40 but it isn't that big of a problem in a train simulator. You don't really notice it like in FPS games. Ofcourse I would love to have 60 fps, but I don't really mind the 30 fps. You kinda have to understand that the map is really big and hard to optimize. I really was hoping that it woul be relesed with multiplayer, but no. This game still feels like a beta or even like a alpha. But it's still fun and the game at least isn't 60 euro's. Right now I would not recommend. But I do think this game can be fixed and be better in the future. Let's hope the future is nearby for TSW because we already are waiting ages for a good train simulator.And that was my review before the update that happend about 1 week or 2 ago. The game is really stable now and has great FPS. I was playing at around 20 to 35 fps before. Now I have 60 on ultra. Only when there is another AI train with a ton of cargo ofcourse my fps can go down to around 30. But that's fine cuz there ar not that many AI trains anyway but still enough to make the game feel alive. Great job and thank you for listening Dovetail! As for the gameplay... We need DLC ASAP tho to keep the game active and fun. Having 1 rout get boring easely. Pls notice the dutch rail way! It's so good! PLS PLS PLS!"
76561198023339745,Recommended,530070,30680165,Posted: 22 March,all,lalitsehgal21,I change my review after this new update...  amazing performance now... and butter smoothNice work with update team
76561198042510978,Recommended,530070,30619891,Posted: 19 March,all,Dangermoose,"The game has been wonderfully designed, nice detailed map, looks fantastic, decent interface, but let down by poor frame rates.Performance issues aside the only complaints I have are the ugly trees (worth a mention as they are everywhere you look) and the awful antialiasing that DTG insist on putting on their games making anything more than 2 meters away look out of focus.GTX 1070 / Core i7 3770K overclocked 4.3GHz / 16GB RAM / SSD + HDD / 1440pEDIT 15/04/2017: Changed to 'recommended' as minor improvements to FPS have been made, and the fidelity of the simulation is fantastic."
76561198095474586,Recommended,530070,30549096,Posted: 16 March,all,ljc36,"I was really looking forward to this game. I liked the previous versions of train sim and thought this was going to take it over the top but, this was a major let down, at the current state of the game. It has many visual bugs, as well as mechanics that are clunky. The biggest problem I have with this title is the lack of effort put into optomizing this game, as well as the lies that Dovetail created with the screenshots and videos pre release of this game. I can tell you with cofidence that the game does not look nearly as good as the screen shots make it to be. I have my resolution at 1080p and this game looks like it is at 480p most of the time when it comes to details. I personally never played the beta because I wasn't going to pay $60 for a beta, and from what I've seen of the beta and comparing it to the game on my computer I can say that this game has went backwards graphically. Keep in mind that I was wathcing Youtube videos of this game which will lower the qaulity of the picture, and it still looks better than what the full release version does. I have to run my graphics at medium just to get a frame rate that doesn't drop below 20 fps, and I have the recommened hardware to run this game, plus when the game is at  that low of a graphicall settuing it looks almost exactly the same as TS2017. My advice to anyone looking to buy this game is to wait, this is not anything close to what a full retail release should be like, this is more of an early access. Hopefully Dovetail gets there act together and fixes this game because this game in it's current state is wasting the power and capability of the UnReal 4 Engine. Dovetail should be asshamed of releasing this un-finished product and making it sound like it is top notch and has no problems.**UPDATE**THE GAME IS NOW PLAYABLE!!!! After a month I am glad to say that Dovetail has fixed the FPS issue in this game. Since it has been fixed the full experience of the game that Dovetail has been showing off is now avaliable for everyone! I will say the game is not perfect but, it is a humongous step in the right direction with the newest game update. I am now looking forward to what this game can create in the Train Sim World.Specs:i7-5820KGTX 97016 GB DDR4 RAM"
,Recommended,530070,30545041,Posted: 16 March,all,Aquantis,"The game got off to a Very, very shaky launch, but here we are 3 updates in, and it's starting to look much much more promising. I went from struggling to get 15fps to getting a smooth 45 on an FX8350 (game is heavily CPU bound, an RX480 won't bottleneck any processor). The devs have been listening and making the updates in response to the community feedback.The badPerformance isn't too great still, but much much betterGame can get boring doing the same thing over and overStill some bugs that have yet to be fixedSound needs workThe GoodLooks 10x better than TS17Physics are really well doneLots of attention to detail, the rails are reflective, even the wheels reflect sceneryDev team is hard at work to get it fixed and are actively listeningVerdictI would make this a neutral rating leaning positive, the game has a long way to go, but progress is fast and steady. I'd check back in a few months to see how things have become."
76561197990716284,Recommended,530070,30600515,Posted: 18 March,all,the_beardviking,"New review (the first one can be found below) !Okay guys, here we go again.Dovetail released a beta-version of the game, and if you read the negative reviews (mine was as well), you'll get a pretty good view about what's wrong (at least until now) with the game.I love simulators, I love hauling and I have found a love for trains. This game is a heavy haul train simulator, which means you will only haul goods, that's it. No people (except your colleague that sits next to you every game).There, that is what you'll experience, coal and other goods that is moved up and down this iconic trail.I love this game, have done since day one. I don't have a supercomputer to play with so my graphics are decent, sounds are great and in my ears sounds are realistic.Simulatorwise it's great. You can push practically every button there is and they all have some function related to the game. You can move around the train cabin and outside, even leave the train by foot and let the lady run away from you (not recommended, but you can).There are different scenarios to run, albeit a few but I guess there will be content for this later on. When you finish all the scenarios you have missions to do. I believe there is 9 for the old 38, 4400 has 16 and the mid train 12. So you'll never really run out of things to do.I still wish there would be some twists to the scenarios and missions, some more random events happening so that you can't set the train in motion and go eat dinner for 30 minutes only to come back to .. well.. that nothing happened to the train.Well, that's it I guess. I can today (after alllllll the fixes) recommend this to any train-loving player out there, even if you don't own a NASA computer. You will like it!So, keep the DLC coming and please Dovetail, be open-minded about the scenarios and missions and the ""randomness"" of events :)-----------------------------------------------------First impressions (since I only played it for a total of 6 hours).This is a cool simulator. Nice graphics and a great feeling in the game. I entered the game and started with the tutorials. Easy peasy, nothing more than learning how to start, stop and begin hauling.Ok, that was the start, now let's get hauling!I start off with the scenarios. Fairly easy. You start, ride and stop. That's it. I thought that the scenarios was going to be a bit special, maybe a sudden need to emergency stop, or a radio message comes in with a change in directions, a sudden snow storm or whatever. But nothing like that has occured yet.Ok, so I started off a 2 hour mission/scenario. Hauled my goods to the end of the scenario. Run for 5 minutes along the train to the last car to unhook it and finish the scenario. Suddenly out of nowhere I derail.. screwing my mission up. Let me tell you, I didn't even move, I sat down in the seat and derailed... Allrighty I thought, no worries. Just reload and finish again. Well, the problem is; the save was right after my derailment.. So, 2 hours of game time and scenario down the drain.Will I play that scenario again? Well, maybe in a long while.. Not that exciting.So, I hope the other scenarios are more exciting or this will be a short lived game in my library.Oh, and I surely hope they have SOME more DLC or whatever to look forward to, because this game is damn short without it.I will ride a lot more and give a better review in due time.Right now I can't recommend the game to anyone, and I surely hope that will change, we need a great train sim out here.// Viking"
76561198022261806,Recommended,530070,30602244,Posted: 18 March,all,Striker,"First part is my negative review I left when the game came out... scroll to the bottom.Stay Away!I am a sucker...for beautiful things...  Despite all the bad reviews I thought my PC can handle this, I though I was special... I thought I would be the one, against all odds, who played TSW at 60FPS! But no...no, no, no... TSW brought me to my knees, set me on a train track, and ran a freight train over me at 15FPS.I have a GTX 1080, Interl i7 6850K 3.60GH 6 core processor(12 threads), 64 GB of ram and SSD with raid 0.I get about 25-28 FPS on low settings (1920x1080)I get about 15 FPS on Ultra settings. (1920x1080)I this is my first game I cannot play on my system. All other games I play on Ultra settings (@1920x1080). Seriouly how did they not catch this before releasing? Or did they and went head with release anyways?Stay away from this wonderful game until they have fixed this problem.Edit: It is now playable. As promised, I am changing this review to positive. There's definitelly room for improvement but now I can enjoy it. I get 30-45 through out the game, and 60+ when away from congested areas. I am playing on High settings with medium shadow."
76561198045398611,Not Recommended,530070,30563079,Posted: 16 March,all,Peter,Game runs like garbage ! Don't waste your money ! Not optimized at all and was Never beta tested before release !  Full of bugs. Stay right away from it !!
76561197972654381,Not Recommended,530070,31197564,Posted: 17 April,all,jwhite,"After the 3rd patch, the frame rate improvement has been very good, and this has made a lot of difference.  The framerate within Cumberland Yard is still a bit low, but it's manageable in my opinion.The cabs are feature rich; such a big advance from any other train simulator.  Being able to start the train from cold and dark is really cool.I think there is a lot of potential here.  A step in the right direction and future for train simulator fans.  There does need to be more industry-type integration.  Being able to load coal cars is cool, but more industry is needed to add depth and purpose.  Just driving a train from here to there gets very repetive and boring.The problem I have is the complete lack of content.  I've done all the scenarios, and now I'm completely bored with Sand Patch.  The DLC is going to break the bank (as per usual for DTG).  I'm very concerned that there is no scenario editor within the core game, and this makes me think it's purposely excluded by DTG so we're foreced to buy more DLC.The game is good if you're not a real train engineer (because you assume the trains operate/perform as per real life; except they don't apparently).  So, I'm curious to see where this game goes, but I'm also fully aware that DTG is going to charge the heck out of us for everything.  And as I said, it's good, but it's not good enough that I'm okay with being♥♥♥♥♥♥♥That said, I'm changing my review to not recommended.  Sorry DTG, but i know how you are and what you're gonna do."
,Not Recommended,530070,30560108,Posted: 16 March,all,Pandonaut,DLCs...
76561198038393752,Not Recommended,530070,33036461,Posted: 30 June,all,Beli,"It's a great game, but has a lot of bugs. For me the game-breakers are those that have to do with realism, like braking and throttle.And now instead of fixing them, they're releasing a new route as a DLC for a price close to the original game. Disappointing."
76561198034727704,Recommended,530070,30622880,Posted: 19 March,all,lionhart127,"Unlike Dovetails Train Sim 2017 that is regularly freezing and coming up with errors.  TSW works fine on my PC, and is very smooth.  I like the 'Unreal Engine' graphics with trees swaying in the wind and, the lighting, shadow and water effects.  The detail on the trains is superb, and the dynamics of the engines, the speed, braking et., are very realistic.  There are a few minor niggles, like the option to increase the road traffic and walking people.  And the variety of road vehicles is poor, it seems everyone in the US drives a Mercedes saloon!  As a train sim, this is very good and I give it the thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,530070,30563024,Posted: 16 March,all,grep,I do not recommend the purchase of this game. I'll never purchase another Dovetail Games product again.
76561198097333278,Recommended,530070,30546411,Posted: 16 March,all,Supernova,Updated Review after the latest patch:The game is now playable in 1080P and 100% screen pourcentage at approximately 25-30fps on a 2GDDR5 nVidia graphic card combined with a i7 3.6GHZ processor. Make sure to set the PhysiX settings under the nVidia options to the graphic card and not on the integrated graphics.Train Sim World is a great update to the last Train Simulator games both graphically and gameplay-wise.Thanks to Dovetail Games for listening and not denying the optimization issue Train Sim World had after the initial release. This is actually quite happily surprising.
76561197977619350,Recommended,530070,30638420,Posted: 20 March,all,Wispy,Shaping up to be a great train sim. A bit of a rough launch with bugs and optimization issues. But things are running smooth for me now. Looking forward to the DLC.
,Recommended,530070,30639337,Posted: 20 March,all,(╯°□°）╯,"Edit 3: This game has come a long way. It seems they have fixed many things. At least now its playable with ultra to high settings at 1440p.Edit 2: When will they fix all the bugs? If i try to list them it will be long.Edit 1: The game is now playable but still it has various isses hope they fix them soon. The game has micro freezes where it freezes for a sec at certain places & it happenes frequently._________________________________________________The negative reviews here are correct. I had neglected them & bought it on day 1 release only to be disappointed by its quality. Its a badly optimized game & honestly it does not looks anything like the screenshots.Like many people over here I too played on i5 6600, gtx 1070 & 8gb ddr4. The performance on 1080p at even high settings is pathetic. I had to refund it. The current pricing is not at all proper."
,Recommended,530070,30674571,Posted: 22 March,all,Waldheini12,"Somehow I realize the routes are getting shorter and shorter...""Old"" Railworks -> 80 miles and moreTSW Sand Patch Grande -> 50 milesTSW Great Western, only Paddington to Reading?! -> less than 40 milesWhat's next? I hear DTG is planning the West Coastway Line - Brighton to Hove, which will be 2 miles and 5 minutes to drive :-)"
