user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,530890,25778719,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,King,Really hard to play with one hand.
76561198092540999,Recommended,530890,32457069,Posted: 15 June,all,Supershamu,"This is one unforgiving game.That being said, it is very well made. Every painstaking time you die you can see the error of your ways and think about how to correct it...unfortunately you must die many times to learn these leasons. The gun play, puzzles and everything about it is very difficult to get the hang of but when you do, you feel like a serious BAMF.I only recommend this game for the patient...and semi masochistic....or for anyone who likes looking at buttz for long periods of time."
,Recommended,530890,30577516,Posted: 17 March,all,Aquagrunt,"Once you get past the uh... well endowed character, It's a very solid hardcore metroidvania/platformer"
76561198084823201,Recommended,530890,32274517,Posted: 8 June,all,Pulowski,"Has the best Assets and the best AssthethiccsThe realistic body motions are truly erectifyingPro Tip: play offline so ur friends dont notice, hopefullyE X T R A  T H I C C"
,Recommended,530890,28441604,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,"Communist ""Joseph Ballin"" Layton","A lot of people are dismissing Haydee without even trying it because of the main character's generous proportions (and to be fair, even the developers don't shy away from the fact that it's pure fanservice), and that's a shame. If you can look past her appearance, or even better if you're into that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ etc), it's actually a pretty well-made Metroidvania game. It's not at all lazy or easy in design, and even with the map color coded into zones it's still a pretty daunting maze. The game uses a limited save system similar to Resident Evil's ink ribbons, and the main character is extremely fragile, so it does tred the line between difficult and frustrating at times, but overall it's actually surprisingly good in pretty much every aspect. You can even download a variety of outfit mods to change Haydee's appearance, ranging from a simple stick figure for the prudes to Bigger T&A for the true gentlemen."
76561198045771738,Recommended,530890,32756905,Posted: 24 June,all,PixelSandwich,"Huge baps aside, this game is actually pretty cool and challenging.PROS:- A growing modding community, even tho it's mostly skins and lewd mods, it's still nice.-The graphics, as simple as the might look, are very appealing for this type of game and reminds me alot of Portal.-T H I C C N E S S  O V E R L O A DEven tho this game is pretty fun, it's flawed.CONS:-The controls are janky and hard to get used to, especially in parts when you have to react really quickly or else you die and have to go aaaallll the way back to the last save, and it goes to another gripe I have to the game.-It's extremly punishing. I do like a good challenge, don't get me wrong, but sometimes, the deaths are just cheap. For example, i'm walking normally to another room, looking around me for slashers, something explode, I don't even know where it was, no signs or anything, i'm dead and have to go back to my last save. there, 30 minutes gone.-The camera angles are obviously made to look at the butt (no that i'm complaining ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ) ,even with an ultra-wide monitor, Haydee is so T H I C C that she takes a third of the screen.Would recommend but only on sale, it's a bit too flawed to justify a full price purchase."
,Recommended,530890,29393472,Posted: 21 January,all,IChugWindex,☑ Puzzle-Platformer☑ Realistic Physics☑ Female Protagonist☑ Gunplay☑ Workshop Support☐ Flat ChestsYou decide.
76561198152371527,Recommended,530890,26487377,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,TheBoogerMan,"Haydee is a good, solid game that deserves to be played.I, like many others, first noticed this title because of its titular protagonist (after all, who doesn’t like Hot Cyborg Chicks?) but it has more to offer than just T&A.  Exploration, puzzle solving, combat, killer robots and cool gadgets are all part of the game.It is also a game that requires discipline and patience; the developers describe it as “old school” and it is.  You can only save your game in certain locations and only if you’ve found data diskettes.  Engaging in combat is a tactical decision and a calculated risk; certain foes are very unforgiving – especially early game when you have limited ammunition and medkits.  Rooms and areas should be explored carefully and thoroughly to gain resources, solve puzzles and avoid hazards.But the difficulties above just make success all the sweeter, at least for me.There are nice mods available; when I looked around and discovered that I could change Haydee to MY tastes, that ultimately sealed the deal for me.  ;-)Oh, and the music is very good as well - just right for hours of focused play.Here’s to Good Times and Good Gaming!Cheers!"
,Recommended,530890,25747655,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Azralynn,"See written review belowor watch it here:https://youtu.be/5InfhyD569ITL;DR: SKIP TO CONCLUSIONHaydee is a very difficult third person action puzzle game that has lots of exploration and parkour.You play as a very sexualized android, which is bound to offend some people. If you happen to be one of those people, then simply skip this game. If you can move beyond the character’s appearance, then you need to know that this game is difficult. There doesn’t seem to be any plot or story, and you are just thrown into the game with no guidance, and no clear objectives. There are hidden rooms, and tools you will need to progress in certain areas, you’ll need a good memory and problem solving skills.Haydee is an unforgiving game, and you will die a lot. Ammo and medkits are limited, and you will want to scavenge as many supplies as you can to stay alive. I can cope with the limited ammo and health, but the limited saves is a real nuisance, since I’m one of those people who likes to save fairly often.You spend a significant amount of time climbing, sprinting and jumping your way through the puzzles, and exploring to find tools and other items you need. There is a fair amount of combat in the game, and it will surely keep you on your toes. I would have really prefer a first person view when aiming, but the third person view is fine as long as you aren’t against a wall. The enemies hit pretty hard, and even with the game setting on “softcore mode” they still kill me plenty.Pros:parkour feels responsive and easy to usecombat isn't complex, but the are enough enemies and enemy ambushes to keep you on your toeseverything is connected in this game, and you can move freely throughout the areas figuring everything out for yourself in whatever order you see fitenvironmental puzzles are everywhere, and it will really put your mind to the testgraphics are good; the environments in each area are colour coated, and the character animation is done well (boob physics, and some of the death animations are pretty funny)music and sounds effects are good, and the music differs from one area to the next; it still gets repetitive, but I never felt tired of itCons:no plotit’s easy to get lost in a section or miss something while exploring, and some player will feel stuckfunky camera angles especially while against a wall, and you’ll probably wind up dying if it happens during combat since you can’t see what you’re shooting atthere are no auto-saves, no quicksaves, and the ability to manually save your progress is only done at specific locations, and only if you have the consumable save item - it can be very frustrating at times to die without having saved recently (this is a game feature, but it's far more punishing than originally anticipated)(nitpick) buttons have no clear indicator of what doors or objects they actually control, so expect a lot of trial and error(nitpick) fall damage is quite high, and missing a jump will either kill you or leave you severely hurtConclusion:I’ve played the game for over 14 hours so far, and I have not been able to beat the game. I feel like I’ve made a ton of progress, but at the same time, it’s hard to know for sure since there aren’t any clear objectives. I really liked playing Haydee, but I do wish it was a bit easier. Either way though, I’ve definitely gotten my money’s worth. If you can get passed the character design, and are looking to play a very difficult action puzzle game, then Haydee is sure to challenge you.If you like my reviews, please feel free to join my Steam group, and follow my curationshere.You can also view this review on my websitehere."
,Not Recommended,530890,31073784,Posted: 11 April,all,Adamame,"This game being described as metroidvainia is what peaked my interest.But after finally getting to play it, i felt compelled to write about huge issues with this game. At least in the earlier levels.This game has no margin for error. People act like that's the point, but this game isn't designed to be hard. The only difference between this and something like tomb raider is that you fall down a pit and instantly die in this game if you miss a jump, where as in tomb raider you often get another change. And instead of retrying the jump after i fail, i have to go through menues to restart the game and then go through rooms i have already been to in order to try again. That just adds a bunch of crap to waste my time. It doesn't make the game hard.A lot of jumps are harder than they should be because they have doors with low ceilings that you hit if you jump just a little too soon. Challenging platforming level design is not just putting a door frame in the way like that.Plus at times when trying to line up a jump it can be hard to see just because the camera is so close to the player character.I like being able to figure things out on my own too, but if you design a game like that, where you don't even explain the controls, you cannot make the penalty for not knowing those controls death. More specifically i'm talking about grabbing onto ledges that you are standing on. You need to croutch, turn your back to the ledge you want to grab and then press croutch again. That's not a conventional way to do something like that. The first time i encountered a place where i had to grab a ledge to get around a death pit, i assumed it would happen automatically if i went forward slowly like it does in many games, but i just fell and died, and had to waste my time doing everything i had already done again. i even checked the control menu in options to see if it was there. i ended up having to google how to grab the ledge.a hard game like super meat boy or iwbtg with lots of instant death has lots of checkpoints so you can make lots of mistakesa hard game like ninja gaiden or dark souls gives you a chance to learn the game machanics and doesn't have many things that instantly kill you lying in your way."
,Recommended,530890,32685514,Posted: 23 June,all,Vanguard,It's hard to play with one hand you know
76561198041271170,Recommended,530890,29549930,Posted: 28 January,all,Choco Hoovy,"Haydee is without a doubt an interesting game. Interesting for many reasons but the main reason is the Main Protagonist. I never feel it is truly necessary to justify the use of anything, including copious amounts of sexuality, however justification certainly helps to make the medicine go down. Haydee really makes no effort to justify its sexuality, it’s just there. It’s merely the coat of paint on top of the underlying game, of which the underlying game is quite solid. I would say it’s almost unfair to judge the game too harshly on it, it would make no difference if the game featured a blue giraffes as the protagonist, but if anything, there in lies the issue. I always say if you’re going to commit to something, fully commit and don’t look back. The games is not really built on a foundation of sexuality it merely bares it’s banner. The game doesn’t have you fighting hoards of sex crazed robots. It doesn’t have you having sex with them to quench their insatiable desire nor is it lavishly adorned with phallic and yonic imagery at every turn. The game I just described would be far more interesting if only for the wrong reasons.You see if the Main Protagonist in that game was not a voluptuous female android and instead a blue giraffe, it would make no sense. It would frankly be confusing to people that it’s not a voluptuous female android. With that said I also think the oversexualized main character is quite benign for most of the game. Once you get over the novelty of the bouncing breasts and the sight of her rather visually appealing rear being pressed in your face whenever she ducks down, a rear I might add you’ll be seeing a lot of, you get to the actual game. As I mentioned before, the game is solid. It’s light on the side of variety as far as the individual game pieces are concerned, but it really does manage to do something interesting with them all. While the environment is the same white walls with subtle splashes of color all the way through, each place is recognizable as a unique location with each location introducing a new challenge but with the same pieces.To that extent alone Haydee is a solid game, but it’s puzzles and room design is quite good, the game is very punishing to the player, making almost any error fatal but it never feels completely unfair. The controls of the game are a bit stiff and rigid and at times feeling arbitrary for the sake of being arbitrary but they really do work quite well. Albeit, on occasion doing simple task such as climbing down or jumping can feel wonky or imprecise.All in all, Haydee, while lacking in seemingly any story, is quite the engaging exploration-action puzzler. While the game is heavily front loaded with sexuality, it’s also front loaded with seemingly impenetrable difficulty, I implore you to keep an open mind about and to give the game a try. Haydee is noteworthy beyond having a Sexy Protagonist, because it would be a noteworthy game without it."
,Recommended,530890,30073384,Posted: 20 February,all,Sintacs,"While many will skip the game due to the oversexualization of the lead, it's not something thyat bothers me, and there are mods to cover her up and/or change her proportions for those that do not like how she was designed, so this really shouldn't be a reason to skip the game.Now that we're past that, the game definitely makes you think and challenges your reflexes and timing. It's hard, but that's not a bad thing, it can be very satisfying to finally get past a tough room or puzzle. The gameplay reminds me very much of a comination of Tomb Raider and Resident Evil (4+), even down to some light horror/jumpscares. The places some of the robots can spawn in behind you after completing a puzzle, or fligging a switch can be really unexpected, and definitely made me jump a few times. The early areas you really won't see too many, nor will you have any spawning behind you, but the further you get, the more alert you'll need to be.Visually the game looks very nice, everything is fairly simple and clean, but it works. The lead is animated very well, though the robots can be a little robotic (as they should be). The lighting is pretty nice, you'll often see nice shadows from pipes or fences that are cast onto the lead as well as the robots in the game.Now, I'll get back to the difficulty of the game, it can be very hard, and can be fairly frustrating when you make a lot of progress, only to die, and your last save was an hour or so ago. The game uses a save system similar to that of the old Resident Evil games, you need to find floppy disks, and use them at designated save locations. Due to this, you don't necessarily want to be saving all the time, as you are limited in the number of saves you'll have at any given time, so you'll generally want to save them for the bigger accomplishments.This is definitely one to check out for anybody who thinks the idea of Tomb Raider + Resident Evil sounds like something they would enjoy."
,Recommended,530890,28997212,Posted: 3 January,all,B1G,This game is hard and so am I
,Recommended,530890,28155030,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,DudeDesigns,"Haydee is what you get when you want to play a metroid-vania platformer but want to stare at a$$ and tiddies in the processCreated by russians, this marvel of technology sees you thrown into what looks like enviroments from Portal as you try to just find your way around.What a brillant concept.At it's core, you open doors, flip switches, shimmy across ledges, avoid dangerous robits, and crawl through vents to get to the next area, hopefully finding a way out of whatever maze you're in. While extremely simple with repetitive gameplay (at least right now), Haydee actually has a good amount of depth to it if you can look past the character. It's spirit crushing hard, with at most two hits or a 3 inch drop killing you. Saving can only be done ala Resident Evil with collectible disks and actual save rooms. It also has workshop support, and that's always a plus.If you are easily offended by the female form, I'd suggest not even looking at this game. However, if you are above the age of 4, and can look past rather repetitive cycle of collecting items and swerving past robots, you will find some pretty detailed enviroments to explore in Haydee, and with more time, I'm sure this game will steal plenty of hours of your time."
76561198051639782,Not Recommended,530890,25722098,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,zthoop64,"a large portion of what is supposed to make this game""difficult and challenging"" is just play bad game design and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ choices made to♥♥♥♥♥♥off the player. the limited save mechanic doesnt really serve a purpose as I always had a surplus of them and multiple save files of the same game can render them useless. the ""difficulty"" as well as most of the damage you recive in game comes mostly in the form of platforming, seeing as how the game has bottomless pits I seriously wonder what made the devs decide that fall damage was necessary, implementing said fall damage is terrible as the main character cant fall 3ft without losing over 2/3ds her health, there is only 2 enemies I have found spanning the 4 areas Ive seen which are the fast one and the big one, the horrible thing about them is they are ether always placed around corners so you cant react to them or they spawn behind you, seeing as the game is trying to do the onld RE low ammo and advocates avoiding enemies you think they wouldnt put 3 enemies in every room and you would be wrong. honestly this game feels like it ether should have made is a puzzle platformer or a 3rd person shooter. the combination of the two does not work well as the crappy controls and obtuse puzzles just confuse and annoy the player."
76561198145764128,Not Recommended,530890,25740686,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,FeelsGoodMan,"An average platformer with clunky controls, non existant narrative or tutorial set in an enviroment where each room looks so similar to the last that you'll quickly get confused and frustrated, the only thing that makes the game stand out is the character you play because dat♥♥♥♥♥and giant boobs, but after about 10 minutes the novelty of that wares off and you're left with an overpriced, lackluster game that's about as fun as sitting in a doctors waiting room waiting to have your♥♥♥♥♥♥♥removed by a small chainsaw."
,Recommended,530890,25720473,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Akka,"Punishingly difficult but ultimately gratifyingI came into this game requesting little more than huge boobs. Haydee's sexy, dynamite body was the selling point for me and justified my purchase without needing to do even one bit of research further.Beneath the sultry, jiggly surface lies a crushingly hard homage to the classic PlayStation-era Tomb Raider series, set in a white laboratory Metroidvania labyrinth that takes a few visual cues from Aperture Science. There is virtually zero hand holding so more often than not you'll learn by getting killed.The extremely limited hp pool, medkits, and especially ammo force you to make each shot count. Headshots stagger furious robots that would otherwise cleave you in half. If you whiff a ledge grab prepare to eat a lot of fall damage too.The map expands in a lot of directions at once, with plenty of opportunity to explore at the rate of your own discovery. This style of game begets a sharp drawback, which I personally experienced having been stuck on a puzzle for an hour--What I considered a tough challenge was in reality impossible since I was lacking a key item I didn't know existed.Filling in for the tomb raider comparisons are the health packs, ammo, and game-save items all scattered in cleverly hidden alcoves. FPS elements take a backseat to 3D exploration, solving cryptic environment puzzles to unlock key items and progress. Vaulting, crawling, sauntering, running, swimming, and even recoiling from attacks gives the player plenty of opportunity to ogle the protagonist's stunning, voluptuous body.This game's steep learning curve will turn away some players, but believe me when I say there's something harder than the challenge: Me ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,530890,35229398,Posted: 26 September,all,❤『マルセリン』❤,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚 - lord aku
,Recommended,530890,25826416,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Scary Butt Fun,"The titular (I think?) character's apperance and sex appeal is obvious, and I very much enjoy that as well as the eventual modding. That's all I will say on it, as there are likely far too many reviews proclaiming it's a wonderful game because of that. Therefor, I will be talking about the actual gameplay.Haydee is a third-person metroidvania game featuring a very high difficulty. This style of game is very fun... but only if all parts of the sub-genera (action, platforming, and puzzle solving) are distributed in a certain way to prevent it from being tedious. Haydee has far more platforming than anything else, which, combined with the lack of tutorial, highly limited saving, and ridiculously few save points, makes it a very slow game, something Metroid and Castlevania are not. Also, there's fall damage, which is incredibly frustrating in a game designed around platforming that already features bottomless pits.Furthermore, the combat leaves much to be desired. Your weapons have very limited ammunition, and it is very easy to use it all if you're not careful. Furthermore, unlike Castlevania, you don't have a weapon with unlimited uses, such as a whip, meaning that combat is both scarce and terrifying. So far, I have encountered two types of enemies, one fast and one durable; shooting them in their red 'eyes' is the only way to defeat them, as doing otherwise takes far more shots than you likely have. Regardless, they can both kill you in three hits, and it's very easy for them to do so. You're also often pitted against more than one at a time, meaning that you need both very quick reflexes, a good deal of ammunition, and blind luck, as your weapon has awful accuracy.Lastly, the third-person camera can be extremely awkward, as it can easily shift in the wrong way when against a wall. Furthermore, the game features limited saving, not only in the traditional Metroidvania style of limiting saving to a single room, but by using up a specific item (it appears to be an SD card) every time you save. This sort of thing is, quite frankly, ridiculous, as the save rooms are very few and it's far too easy to die, erasing all your progress. Furthermore, there is only a single save point per 'area', and the only way to not force yourself to redo half the area every time you die is to backtrack, often by ridiculous distances. Furthermore, there are areas that prevent you from backtracking to the save point at all for a bit, making it even worse.Thankfully, the game has far more going for it than simple sex appeal.First of all, the character maneuvers very nicely. Unlike so many other 3D platformers, turning doesn't force you to walk in a circle. Furthermore, the platforming segments, though monotonous and many, are nicely executed; I've died more times adjusting for a movement that isn't going to happen than simply failing a jump.Second, most of the puzzles are nicely executed, not unfair but not easy.Finally, combat, though difficult and terrifying, is very fun, as it is far more deadly than most other Metroidvania games, though it is also over far more quickly.My final score? 6/10. It's not perfect, and there are several things that I really hate, but it's a good game."
,Recommended,530890,26691585,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Dick Kickem,Where can I buy one of those Robots?
76561198046715044,Recommended,530890,26727216,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Debaser,Strong and empowered videogame female protagonist.10/10
,Recommended,530890,28722223,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Desolater IV,"A Slightly Sexual Puzzle Platformerhttps://youtu.be/nilEa80-UOg+ The character model is voluptuous with a nice thick figure without pants giving a you a good view of her sexy butt. Her boobs also are quite large and bounce around as you walk.+ Every time you climb a ledge, crouch, or do anything you always seem to have a very enticing camera view+ Workshop Support which allows you to get different models such as Lara Croft or Samus Aran, along with various nude outfits.+ The gameplay is surprisingly good once you learn the controls. You mainly navigate through a maze / obstacle course looking for keycards, pressing buttons, and killing robots as you try to find your way out.+ Challenging, if you are looking for a good mind-bending maze-like game that involves a fair bit of thought, this game will have you do quite a bit of exploring, puzzle-solving, and platforming while getting lost and confused quite often.- No tutorial with some difficult to learn controls. For example, to lower yourself down onto a ledge without falling off, you have to turn around and then crouch twice which is hard to figure out on your own.- Save points are pretty far apart causing you to lose a lot of progress and repeat sections making the game a bit frustrating."
,Recommended,530890,25712366,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Torque_AOD,"UPDATE: After playing 6 hours straight, I feel confident into recommending Haydee to anyone is willing to take on a challenging, intense, nerve wrecking puzzle/action/platformer, with an incredibly Attractive Avatar.- Make every bullet count- Use health packs only on the brink of death- EXPLORE to find extra health, ammo and save disks (Be wary of mines)- Health, Ammo, and Disks have naked Haydee Model for textures.- Be Good, Be Haydee :)ORIGINAL: When Haydee was first announced for Steam Greenlight, the Developers were kind of enough to offer a free demo on their greenlight page, so some players have a good experience of what Haydee offers in the beginning.You will get what the game is like after playing the Demo. My biggest problem with Haydee's Demo was the lack of a Windowed Option and with platforming Haydee would be unresponsive onto grabbing ledges resulting in many frustrating deaths especially in the green platform room.Fortunately with the retail release of Haydee those problems have been ironed out, and the frustration now only comes from the challenging puzzles rather than an unresponsive character.The Demo can only prepare you for so much, The Final game has so much more to challenge Haydee.That and They made all Key cards, health and ammo packs, have a Naked Haydee for the textures so 10/10 Game."
,Recommended,530890,26944995,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Morwo,"Nice game!Fanservice: Check!Riddles: Check!Fanservice: Check!Atmosphere: Check!Fanservice: Check!Must Have, after i bought the game it got SteamWorkshop implemented. other features and fansmods are about to come.This increase Re-Playability.Fanservice: Check!"
,Recommended,530890,31075800,Posted: 11 April,all,Paynamia,"Once you get the hang of this game, it is quite fun. I am enjoying it, and I do (MOSTLY) recommend it, but it has major, major problems.First off, this game's developer is guilty of creating false difficulty by making it needlessly hard to control in some situations, and purposely witholding basic and important gameplay information. In example, about four rooms in, you are met with a ledge you have to climb down. Unfortunately, you are never told HOW to do this, and are left to guess at this basic function. If you die three times (which you likely will unless you're lucky or have turned to the internet), the game goes the extra mile and calls you a moron. I had actually gotten past this room and out of the ""tutorial"" completely before I learned, totally on accident, how you're ACTUALLY meant to climb down ledges, because the function is THAT obscure and witheld for absolutely no good reason.Proper difficulty is provided by gameplay, not by witholding important information. I almost requested a refund purely because of how ridiculous and detrimental doing something like this is.The saving system is also, quite frankly, silly and unbalanced. The game works on a save token system, in which you have to have an item in your inventory in order to save, and that item is spent unpon doing so. I've never seen a system like this, and it's, in my opinion, a quite silly system, but I can live with it. However, there seems to be a theme of providing paths with plenty of tokens and plenty of hazards, but no save station, and vice versa. The ammunition also suffers a similar issue, in which the paths with a lot of enemies have very little ammo and vice versa.One other, fairly small gripe, is that, upon dying, you have to manually open the load menu and reload the game. I've never seen anything like that before (or at least seldom, maybe once), and I can see no reason for it. This is somewhat alleviated by the inclusion of a bind that opens the load menu, but the fact that it's a seperate button that shouldn't be used all that often, still causes some unnecessary inconvenience.The primary reason I ultimately didn't get a refund on this game is this: exploring the areas is actually very fun, the setting is interesting, and the game is genuinely challenging once you get past it's issues. The game has some puzzles as well, but so far, they're nothing special. They mostly seem to be in the format of need item, find item. They cause a lot of backtracking and can create major issues when you include the whole ""limited saves"" thing."
,Recommended,530890,27327926,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,cbones,Played this game with a chub the whole time.
,Recommended,530890,25716329,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Hooloovoo,"Looks can be deceiving.Despite the main character's appearance, you will find an extremely brutal and challenging, non-linear puzzle game with grim and futuristic Portal-series aesthetic about expendable sentient robots in the white and sterile research facility."
76561197966637320,Recommended,530890,26001319,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Darak,"Don't be fooled by the 'sexual' themes, this is an amazing game in its own right. For some reason there is nudity visible in some of the pickups (it is turned off by default), and the protagonist can be modded if it bothers you.The best way to describe the game is as a mix of classic Tomb Raider and Residen Evil titles. You jump around platforms and grab ledges in maps that follow a grid-like pattern (which makes distances and jumps easy to predict), and fight slow but terrifying enemies using several types of guns, always trying to save as much ammo as possible. There is a bit of metroidvania here too, as the game is all about navigating the complex, interconnected and maze-like environments, and you'll eventually find some items that will make previously inaccesible sections available.In essence, it is a game where careful approach and awareness of your surroundings is essential to progress. Haydee will face many, many death traps, and no shortage of unexpected enemy spawns and deadly pits. However, save for a very few cases, every surprise can be foreseen thanks to the presence of ceiling grates and other hints in the environment.I seriously recommend anyone to give the game a try. Just remember to save only when you make significant progress (and that means finding at least one important item such as an utility or key card), and don't be afraid to do exploration runs only to check the map, or replay a section if you lose too much health or ammo."
76561198176432431,Recommended,530890,25770479,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,diggernick,"came in for the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stayed for the complex puzzles and surprise rapebots.its a real gem in the rough, this one, the puzzles are well planned out and the gameplay is just what it needs to be, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, no overcomplicated story, no cutscenes, just you and the game.If i have one negative thing to say about this game is that the effects need a little work around. landmines and bullets barely look like they explode or hurt, and all the fences and vents just disappear in thin air when you open them.i don't generally 'buy' games, if you know what i mean. But this one i considered deserving because of what it is, what it does, and where it comes from. if this game had been published or made by, for example, electronic farts, i wouldn't have doubted for a minute on just getting it somewhere else. the dev has potential and i want that potential to flourish into more good games in the future."
,Recommended,530890,31922053,Posted: 23 May,all,Made in-Human,"First let's address the elephant in the room: Yes, the main character is a sexy android with an scultural body that shouldn't make up for your expectations in reality, but is still pleasing to look at.At first glance you might think that that is the ONLY selling point to this game, but you'd be pleasantly mistaken. Endless corridors, seemingly unreachable doors and head busting puzzles are what really make up the core of this otherwise misunderstood and misjudged game; you'll spend tons of time trying to figure out the way to go forward, often having to excersice your memory by having to remember which areas contain what and if they have other places to go where you couldn't before. Almost every pathway has it's branching set of rooms and almost every room has it's own set of paths to choose from, sometimes containing one puzzle after the other. And if you think solving a puzzle in this game is a mere issue of having to figure out some correct set order of keys or button presses, you are wrong: a puzzle can be as seemingly mundane as 'not wasting precious ammo' on the wrong room or simply trusting your jump timing to be optimal.I've heard you can complete this game quite quickly, if you watch any of the TA Speedruns or video walkthroughs that is. I personally NEVER do that with a game I haven't completed and if you are the same way then I guarantee you will spend quite some time before you complete the game at all, ensuring many hours of brain fun and of course, sweet fan service ;)I definitely recommend this if you want a challenging old-school Metroid style kind of game, minus the 2D environments."
76561198097973399,Recommended,530890,28001107,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Chaosneobreakage,"Haydee is a great game and should be picked up if players enjoy a game that will reward exploration, patience, caution and experimentation.The character model is amazing and the animations are great.This game isn't casual friendly."
,Recommended,530890,32877181,Posted: 27 June,all,ZombiDJ,Played for the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stayed for the difficulty
,Recommended,530890,25774504,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,tonicmole,"Haydee can be cruel and sometimes agrivating, but that's partially the point. Imagine Portal without check points. Haydee may not be for everyone, but if you read the description you should have a pretty good idea whats in store for you.  Simply put, if you like what you see, you'll like the game.Also, creating custom textures is very easy, so you can quickly have a custom Haydee skin without really have any modding experiance, and that's pretty cool. I think this games lays a great foundation for an amazing series and hope to see it continue and expand."
76561198351541108,Recommended,530890,29680664,Posted: 3 February,all,some_shy_guy (rookie),10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,530890,25849915,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Killbot 2.0,"the game does have some interesting ideas behind itthe very deliberate control scheme that makes you carefully analyze how to perform what actions you need, even though it makes Haydee look like she has a learning disability because you have to pause for a second to think about what button sequence you'll need to press in order to climb across a bridge. It's nice to have such little details like you can't hang off an edge while holding a pistol in your right hand, so you have to holster the gun first.   The real problem with the game is that it's a 3rd person over the shoulder puzzle platformer and your character model covers about 1/3rd of the screen and with the normal ""play as intended"" camera angle it makes gauging your relative spatial position very very difficult to the point that pixel perfect jumps can be a total crapshoot. although the game has some clever puzzles I'd calculate the clever to mundane puzzle ratio as 1 out of every 7 which isn't a very strong showing for a game being billed as a puzzle platformer. Also despite the developer's description it's not super hard and is mostly about trial and error, learning the correct sequence of commands for a given situation.  Even the clever puzzles aren't really mindbenders in the way Portal or Professor Layton are.  Not entirely sure how the game qualifies as ""Metroidvania"" in that there doesn't seem to be any map and none of the items I found increased mobility options as per a Metroid game. There also didn't appear to be any skill points or leveling system or means of improving your gear or base stats so not sure what part of Castlevania they're channeling.The Graphical presentation is nice however and it maintained a steady framerate and the load times between rooms was so short as to be non-existent.  The lighting, textures and overall polish of the game was well done showing that the developer has a clear and present understanding of how to make a game from a pure technical standpoint.On a more personal note I have an appreciation for Haydee's overly sexual design, though I think it would have been cooler if she had more classical robot boots like Mega Man or Jenny Wakeman from My Life as a Teenage Robot.  And if she'd been wholly composed of black and white with that cool looking backpack that's depicted in the game art I feel her design would have been fantastic.however all the positives of this game doesn't detract from what is through and through a mediocre experienceliterally 5/10I do hope the developer does get more work in the future as they display more talent in building a game than most of the absolute trash that comes out of Steam Greenlight and it would be nice if they made another game with this much polish but better design"
76561198025148070,Recommended,530890,25734568,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,EclipsedHusky,"Yes, she's a curvy robot cyborg lady. Is it a good puzzle game yes.Do feel the metroidvania tag should be taken off though. It is puzzly and Resident evil like with the combat.So far, if you want a game that doesn't hold your hand at ALL, and is puzzly then yeah grab it.Additionally Haydee already has a lot of fanart SFW and NSFW if you have interest for that aspect. You perv."
,Recommended,530890,35214866,Posted: 25 September,all,Ugly,If you enjoy difficult/unforgiving games then this will be something you might be interested in.The inhuman body proportions arent as distracting as you'd think.
,Recommended,530890,31525172,Posted: 3 May,all,TusNelda,10/10 hardcore one-hand game
76561197988706122,Recommended,530890,31087937,Posted: 11 April,all,Helbeard,"Don't let the busty heroine and simplistic graphics fool you.  This is a complete and fulfilling metroidvania adventure.  It's not a slap-shod boob-bait.  There is some meat on these bones.When you fail, it's your fault, not the game's.  The difficulty is fair.  The level design is intricate and full of hidden paths and puzzles.My biggest problem with it is the resolution selection is a bit wonky.The controls aren't bad once you get used to them."
76561198023745349,Recommended,530890,25764336,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,HongChina,"A very nice game with a very good balance of difficulty, leaving you to figure things out rather than telling you. Souls-like in that you will be dying a lot, and that you will be caught off guard near constantly if you do not pay attention to the areas around you, but if you do you will be able to get the drop on a good number of the surprises. Stay alert, and you'll stay alive (for a little longer)It controls fairly clunky in the start due to its odd controls, but once you get in the swing of things and get used to them, they feel right at home and you'll be bouncing along towards your numerous deaths in no time. The endings feel rather abrupt and I wish more could have been done with them, but that's pretty much the main beef I have here. Everything else seems to be tightly bound in a nice little $15 package.The music is nice and ambient, it's not loud and in your face which is a nice change of pace. Haydee bounces along nicely and her movements have impact, the deathbots are honestly menacing due to the high lethality rate of the game. The level puzzles are probably my favourite aspect, spanning over several rooms and often requiring you to backtrack and good deal about how to go about it.A pretty good game with a modkit hopefully on the horizon will definitely give me an abundance of things to do once I spend a year finding every single ammo pack, medkit, and save disc (and getting to that goddamn cake!)If you want a game with a sexy protag that's actually good for once, pick it up! These games are rare, and I hope to see more of them"
,Not Recommended,530890,28884478,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mariohuge,"Honestly it reeled me in with gigantic♥♥♥♥♥and the fact that it looked a bit like an action-y Portal.This is not that type of game.Saves are limited, story is unfulfilling, there's no control explanation, and every time you die you have to go back into the pause menu to start a new game unless you saved. Also the first jump of the game has a low ceiling that you will most certainly bump your head on and die to.It's hard, and that's not a bad thing. I can see people liking it for this reason at all. However, being hard isn't necessarily a good thing either. Don't expect an easy, relaxing time. Play with an extremely conservative mentality and only buy this if you're looking for something extremely hard.tl;dr play this if you want to feel accomplished, don't play this if you want to feel good about yourself"
,Recommended,530890,28573445,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SlyCoopersButt,"This game requires A LOT of patience, in case you were thinking of buying it just for the sex appeal.PROS:-Lots of mod support.-Challenging puzzles if you're into those kinds of games.-Big booty to stare at while you're solving the puzzles.-Decent amount of character customization for a puzzle game, there are also mods to add even more customization to the game.CONS:-Not enough save locations.-There isn't any game mode or setting that'll let you save whenever you want.-The animations, while they are very well done, are a bit slow and your character will sometimes pause halfway through them to show off the booty.-The controls of the game aren't explained very well so you'll most likely die a lot at first. (Hint: To drop down and hang from a ledge, make your character face away from it then press the crouch button twice)-There's only one body-type you can choose from unless you use mods.-The difference between the Softcore and Hardcore game modes aren't explained at all. In hardcore, enemies deal more damage, your weapons will sway around a bit more, the recoil is more unpredictable, and you lose three slots in your inventory.-You have a limited number of times you can save the game and to get more saves you have to find floppy disks in-game.Overall, I'd say it's a fun game and worth the price if you enjoy puzzle games. It has a sort of Portal 2 feel to it. There's definitely some room for improvement though. The thing that frustrates me most about this game is that if you make a simple mistake and die, you have to start all over unless you saved the game recently. A new mode that introduces auto-saves or unlimited save disks would greatly improve the game and make it more fun for people who have trouble solving the puzzles."
76561197979867148,Recommended,530890,29493464,Posted: 25 January,all,Enthusiast,"Really, really hard! I would compare it to Obduction, where you also need a lot of orientation and backtracking. I think it's better than The Turing Test, but not as much fun as The Witness. The Solus Project also has some scary elements, but requires more dry searching and (to me) boring survival, whereas Haydee clearly says: ""This is an assessment center, and the way you approach it tells A LOT about how you cope with problems!""Well, I liked the slick optics, and the additional tension of constantly being in danger of dying, the shooting mechanics as well as climbing and jumping. Maybe if you are a Tomb Raider fan, and like the more challenging tombs, and generally like this specific 3rd-person perspective (workshop!), this can be the game for you.I admit, the urge to stop playing after a few hours is very, very high. I basically ♥♥♥♥ed up after 6-7 hours, left stranded without disks, without health... but with a lot of knowledge and understanding of the general concept. So, I started new, trying a ""perfect run"" this time, and began loving the game after the RED world, started to hate it in YELLOW, and finally got enthusiastic about it in BLUE..."
76561198013683062,Recommended,530890,25744666,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Titankerberos,"RE1 style save system with low ammo and healing items as well as learning the game as you go and having to restart the whole game till you know every area.RE4 over the shoulder view with a bit of puzzle platforming. It doesn't have tank controls but i think people will still enjoy it.Climbing jumping and shooting is the main tools you're gonna be using in this game and it all feels good and works well.Decent puzzles, nothing crazy just matching colors, avoiding enemies, navigation & climbing puzzles and using key cards.First female protagonist in 20 years that has lots of feminine features and isn't super androgynous or a loli.(Keep in mind shes a robot)I would suggest trying it but since the old school resident evil type of games aren't for everyone, even more so when they have jumping puzzles in them, you might not enjoy it that much but once you feel how the game controls you will know if you like it or not.Not gonna lie, seeing all the judgemental bashing on the main character makes me die a little inside."
,Recommended,530890,28275982,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Xuchilbara,"Haydee is one of the hardest puzzle platformers i've ever played. It requires lots of patience, memory and concentration to be completed, but rewards the player with satisfaction when he manages to figure out what has to be done and how. So, before anyone else comes out of the blue with the usual shallow and trite criticism no, this game is not all about T&A. In fact the alluring aestethics of the protagonist is nothing more than a bait conceived to attract the attention of people so that they will talk about the game and hopefully try it, then realise that there's actual gameplay in it. Well, it worked with me and honestly i see nothing wrong with it. When you combine fanservice with actual content, i'm absolutely not complaining. Logically, if you don't like having a pair of big buttocks slapped in front of your face all the time then you'll probably won't appreciate what the game actually has to offer. But it's a matter of taste and nothing more. That said, let'sactuallytalk about the game.Like i said, the game is hard and will surely bring joy to all the players that love exploration and finding secrets. Personally i love metroidvania-styled exploration in games but i honestly have mixed feelings about how that has been managed here: since there's no map or directional indications whatsoever a good half of the difficulty consists in remembering where you've been before and where not, often resulting in literal hours wasted aimlessly running around to find that goddamn locked door you have the key for but can't remember how to reach. Some people will probably like this, but i found it to be extremely tedious after a bit. With a map or some other way to keep track of your movements it wouldn't have taken me 27 hours to complete the game, it would have been much shorter but also much more fun to play. So if you're in doubt whether to buy it or not consider what kind of exploration games you like.Aside the map-free, ""Soul-like"" navigation that i frankly despise, everything else is good enough. Puzzles are tricky, especially the ones that require the remote controlled switches, and i consider them to be the best feature of the game. Controls are a bit clunky but you get used to them pretty fast, and when you do they are responsive enough (surely much more responsive than Dark Souls'). Combat is alright, is all limited to what kind of gun you've been able to find and how much ammo you have left, but it's fine like this. Enemies are to be considered more like obstacles getting in your way that can be avoided if needed than anything else. The inventory is limited (verylimited in the Hardcore mode) and that's fine too, or else you'd be walking with tons of equipment after a few hours, thus limiting the difficulty. The limited save system is not a big issue since there are more than enough diskettes around (i had 22 of them to spare at the end of my first playthrough) and save rooms are properly placed. Lastly, the visuals are minimalistic but pretty polished and clean, even though the engine could've been optimized a bit more: having a game like this to occasionally drop below 50 fps on a RX480, albeit on max settings, feels a bit ridiculous.Oh, and there's no story whatsoever. There's something implied in one of the endings but it's really all about solving a big Rubik cube for the mere pleasure of doing it. I'm sure someone will brainstorm some deep PLOT from the few things you can see ingame but really there's not much about it. Like in most old-styled games, just play and don't ask yourself too many questions. Sadly, you don't unlock anything after beating it. Not even a costume. Which is bad.So, am i recommending this game? Yes, but with a couple of limitations. First, you have to be the kind of player that likes challenges that end in themselves, not finalized to a story or a narration. Second, you have to be a person that's not bothered by sexual themes or pure fanservice. Third, you have to consider the price asked. As for me, i'm glad to have waited for a sale before buying this game 'cause there's plenty of much bigger and better games around at half the price of Haydee. It's a cool little game, great for an expense of 5-6 $, but i'd honestly wouldn't give it more than that. If the developers will add some new features in the future (i really hope so) then it could be worth the deal, but at the moment i strongly recommend to wait for a sale before purchasing it."
76561197965949373,Recommended,530890,25718738,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,スydonia,"This is my edited review (September 28), where I changed from not recommended to recommended. You can read my original review at the bottom (September 27).What drew me towards Haydee originally? Let's not beat around the bush - I saw a robot / android girl with a massive chest and huge♥♥♥♥♥and said to myself, ""Yes, I want to play as that."" Now I understand that the proportions of this character are ridiculous, the way her breasts flop up and down while you run is almost comedical. While I personally don't mind it, it's understandable that it will make a lot of other people uncomfortable.As for the game, originally I didn't recommend this game. I wanted to refund it, even. After the first 5 hours of gameplay, I found myself very annoyed at some of the trial-and-error segments I had encountered. It made the game feel tedious. I wasn't able to refund the game though, so I decided to just keep playing anyway to see if the game would improve.And I feel like it did. Don't get me wrong, the game isn't suddenly perfect, and there's still the occasional enemy that spawns in a room behind you randomly, or the button that suddenly has a completely different function, and that's annoying.But the save system isn't as cruel as I originally thought it would be (and I am playing on hardcore). And once you know what to do, and where to go, the tediousness of it starts to decrease as well. It's still there, of course, and that's a negative.But I've played for 11 hours now, and I've gotten a bit further in the game, and I'm enjoying myself most of the time. I save, search through an area without regard for my health or ammo to see what will be in store for me, and then reload to do it properly. I enjoy looking around and finding things, you really are awarded for scavenging and searching all over the place.One final thing I should mention is that this game receives a lot of praise, and a lot of hate, solely because of the character design, which I find unfortunate. If you don't like it, that's one thing, but I don't feel as if it's reason enough to write off a game completely.Original review where I didn't recommend the game:I went into this game expecting a semi-platforming, third-person puzzle game. As I've seen people liken it to a Metroidvania, I was expecting a lot to explore as well. Now I haven't gotten very far in this game yet, but in the five hoursthat I played, I've found myself annoyed for the most part.There seems to be a lot of trial-and-error in this game, something that doesn't belong in a game about (slowly) 'exploring', yet on multiple occasions have I died because of lack of information. Something completely out of my control. An example of this would be a button press; press a button and an enemy spawns, aka, you're dead. In a game where saving is no luxury, this can get really tiresome. I believe I've encountered a scenario like this three or four times, where I died because I didn't know what was going to happen in advance. You also have to make sure to conserve ammo, if you spend too much ammo, you might as well restart or re-load, because otherwise you'll probably die at the first unavoidable enemy anyway.While enjoyable for fan-art, making your protagonist a sexed-up android doesn't save a game from bad gameplay."
76561198213714213,Recommended,530890,25774958,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Sodie pop,This game is great if your looking for a challange. Once you get pass the fact you are playing as a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥CYBORG it will be a very fun and challenging game that does not hold your hand at all and just throws you right into the game. I would rate this a 9/10 because of the difficulty factor.
,Recommended,530890,28679071,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,i stop playing for clips,"I bought this game for only one reason (on sale too), and you probably know why ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)But the game is actually great (in two ways ofc). This game reminds me of Portal, and err, Skyrim with mods, I guess?Gotta stop playing though because I just can't stop wat... I mean, because killer robot jumpscared me.10/10 best physics for character I have seen in indie game so far. Worth 10 euros on sale, for sure."
76561198002501620,Recommended,530890,34245317,Posted: 14 August,all,34 ThousandAli Prime,"Despite how it looks, this game is a piece of work and was delicately designed. I can see how sophisticated the developer was, and i appriciate this fine piece of creation because of the complexity of it."
76561198061333772,Recommended,530890,34450395,Posted: 23 August,all,Mountain Diorito Brandew™,"This game is not the only thing that's hard as f*ck. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)All jokes aside, it would still be good if the character wasn't this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Though, to it's credit, backtracking for the millionth time is much less painful thanks to always having a voluptious booty to gaze upon to calm one's nerves. Probably the most meta game-design choice out there.Don't play this game if you're not into hardcore difficulty (this aint' your ""darksouls hard"", kiddo) and/or don't like staring at a robot lady's massive♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,530890,34096816,Posted: 7 August,all,hatsunator,"It's been far too long since I've legitimately enjoyed a true 3D Metroidvania game...I just can't express how much I've been starving for a good one of these.Putting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥physics asside; atmosphere, difficulty and a propperly expanding world makes this game an instant favourite of mine.10/10 for being the first game in the geanre since Metroid Prime 2: ECHOES capable of scratching the itch."
,Recommended,530890,25759554,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,†Capt'n†Alister†,"Very fun, super difficult even on easy.Once you find out the game tells you nothing, the game really kicks off and becomes even more fun.I really love the jump puzzles!! Even more so when you have to figure out it all out by yourself.Not enough games out there teach you how to play by you yourself figuring it all out.I am a big fan of jumping puzzles and using your own knowledge to find your way through the game.The game not giving you any insight is the best part.I would recommend this game to any puzzle/platformer enthusiast."
76561198012434710,Recommended,530890,33913589,Posted: 30 July,all,alandarkworld,"It's sexy, it's challenging, at times frustrating, but thrilling and overall just a very well done, fun game!DISCLAIMER: This game is advertised as being sexy and ""adult"". While it is true, this is not one of the games that one can reduce to the main character. In fact, this game does by no means need the sexy female character to succeed. There's plenty of other things to like in this game.So, Haydee. I'm a bit in a love-hate-relationship with this game. The exploration is always fun and interesting. The fact that you have no map makes memorizing the locations an absolute must. Keep some pen and paper ready to make notes. This might turn some people off, but I kind of like it. The maps are very well designed to minimize backtracking, but at times you can get lost just because how vast this labyrinth is.While other games, such as Assassin's Creed, have a fancy super-fluent animation for pretty much any situation your character may find him- or herself in, and any possible player input, that is definitly not the case for Haydee. Sometimes the controls feel stiff and unflexible, and yes your movement options feel limited at times. I feel thrown back to the days of Tomb Raider 1, the very first one (not the reboot) for PC, with all the pros and cons. Love it or hate it, but it definitly WORKS in Haydee. It's slower paced than modern age action adventures and rather old-school in many ways.The shooter aspects work, but don't expect anything particularly fancy here. Enemies are a threat in this game, but mostly due to environmental limitations (narrow walkways, corners...) and Haydee's limited mobility during aiming. In general, this is the main part where I would like to see some improvements with respect to controls (playing this game with XBox 360 controller; might work fine with mouse and keyboard). Overall, combat mixes up the experience a bit, but for me I would not miss it if this game had no combat at all.Lastly, the save system. Haydee follows the tack of old Resident Evil games and limits the number of times you can SAVE the game. That brings up interesting situations. ""I found a new safe point, yeah! Wait... should I save now, or have a look around first? What if I find something and want to save that as well? But what if I die in the process!?"" Again, love-hate-relationship here. It can lead to increased frustration (having to do difficult passages more than once) but also increases the tension of the experience.SUMMARY: For die-hard action adventure fans that can live without the comfort of modern-day titles (map, autosave...), I would highly recommend it. If you expect to stare at a sexy character in a game that can be done single-handedly (pun intended), then Haydee WILL mess you up."
,Not Recommended,530890,27529288,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,XxSUGARSPARKxX,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, and it did have a lot of things going for it, like the portal-like enviornment, and good puzzle solving and shooting gameplay, but the level design is cryptic, controls are awkward and clunky, the camera angle makes it dificult to see, and the fighting parts are far apart."
,Recommended,530890,28551347,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,10 YEARS,"Just bought the game.Boob physics aside, the game is a great platformer.  Can't say much for how long it will take to beat, considering I've only now beaten the tutorial. Though so far its amazing, and I think anyone who enjoys portal and porn should buy it."
76561197972626553,Recommended,530890,25720067,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,joseph.youngquist,"So.  As the first achivement goes in the game""Welcome to Haydee"".This game ishard.You're going to die.You don't know what the hell to do next.  You're going to die.You're going to die....a lot...If you do not enjoy games where you're going to die a lot don't buy this.  If you do purchase this game, be aware that this isn't visually a game for children and please refrain from baggering the community and the developer(s) with ""Why...?""  It's not important and if you're offended then don't buy the game.As to the gameplay.  You're going to die a lot!  This is a puzzle game, you need to think, problem solve and you're going to die a lot.  As with every puzzler you need to look around EVERYWHERE you go.  The place you need to get to next maybe a few rooms back, in a spot you didn't look at the first time ;)You're going to die a lot.I'm looking forward to hopefully getting information on who I am, where am I, what am I doing here...So hopefully the story is as clever as the problem solving and challenge are.  I have a few games in my library here on Steam and this is the first time I've given a review in a very long time if ever.  The feeling of the game is pretty much the same as the start of The Talos Project - same why am I hear, etc., but Haydee doesn't scratch that itch, which forces you to push on through the frustrations of dying a lot!So, if you like dying a lot and not having a clue on why you're trying to escape from whereever this is and love finding your way out then the $15 or so is worth it - it sure is for me and I'm enjoying myself in between the rage quits after dying a lot :)Tip:How to get down on to a ledge - think about how you'd do it in the real world, back up and crouch down.  Easy."
,Recommended,530890,25735521,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Почему,"♥♥♥♥♥♥robot adventures is a good gamePros:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥robot-Puzzly-Hardish/Challenging-Kinda spooky?-Shoegaze music-Simple gfx but works well with what its gotCons:-Knife robotTips:-Put your gun away to jump-Remember where mines killed you the last time dummyHaving to turn around to drop down onto a ledge is not a con, it puts robot butt in your face."
76561198164180070,Recommended,530890,25738184,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sprouticas100,"After the real reason most people purchased this game, you have a fun and interesting puzzle game that rewards exploring and taking your time."
,Recommended,530890,25714374,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Sam,"When I bought this game, I knew exactly what kind of game I was purchasing thanks to the demo the devs published while the game was still in greenlight (That was something everyone should do in greenlight, seriously thank you devs for that!).I played through the demo a couple of times, wasting a few hours on it in total.It was already really fun and it created a lot of hype for the game in my end.I think that if you're not sure whether to buy the game or not, you should try it first. It's easily one of the best demos I've played.But about the game itself...The game is beautiful, controls pretty well and can be really hard when you don't know exactly what to do, but even when you do, it's still most of the time very challenging, which I like a lot.I love puzzles in games and am very glad that there are many of them here. When I first heard of the game and saw pictures of it, I thought it was a complete shooter, which it is not.The music is really fitting and relaxing, making the game more enjoyable. It's really noticeable and a welcome addition after playing the demo which had no music in the background.In some ways the gameplay reminds me a lot of Resident evil (e.g. the saving and inventory system) and the artstyle immediately reminded me of Portal when I first saw it.The description of the game pretty much explains everything well and tells you in a nutshell what you need to know.Also, as I write this review I personally have not played far (just past the demo's ending), but concidering that 10% of the people who own the game have (according to the achievements) completed the game already after only a few hours of being live, the game is quite short (or people have already mastered the game).So I think it would be a great addition to the game if in the future there was some kind of level creator where players could publish their own little creations for others to play to extend the (re)playability of the game. The way the game is structured makes it seem possible to me. (but really, how would I know, I know barely anything about developing games)Never the less, Haydee is without a doubt one of the best games I've seen coming from the Steam Greenlight and I just want to congratulate the devs for absolutely great work!TL;DR:Great devsRelaxing musicGood puzzlesGenerally hard but very enjoyable gameSome of the absolute best from greenlightI may edit the review in the future as I play through the game.(Also, sorry for using the brackets so many times)"
,Recommended,530890,25784332,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"This game is a grandoise amalgamation of so many of my favorite classic 90's game franchises and some modernization.It's got my the platforming and physical manual control feeling of the original Tomb Raiders, and even her amazing over sexualization, before they went all self-righteous and made Lara a washing board and turned the game into a glorified third-person shooter.You've got the ammo/inventory management of the classic Resident Evil's, including some of their tricks, like saving ammo by dodging slower enemies, the modern Resident Evil's over-the-shoulder camera angle for headshot precision, and the utmost importance of searching areas thoroughly for hidden items.Doom chips in it's fear inducing tricks, traps, and ambushes to keep you on your toes and to reward a keen eye.  And the game features puzzles galore, again, just like Tomb Raider and Resident Evil.And can't forget the Metroid and Castlevania style exploration where you've got to take note of areas you can't proceed in so you can return to them later once you've acquired some new gear to deal with the situations at hand.  Except this game doesn't have a map, nor does it hold your hand like Metroid, telling you where to go.  So you had better be taking some notes.This game is unforgivng, punishing, and sexy and I want more.Also there's...Outfits......( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198081317802,Recommended,530890,33550670,Posted: 14 July,all,The boy wonder,if u can look past the character desgin the game offers challeing puzzles to solve
,Recommended,530890,25730630,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ANCRON,"My gameplay experience:0:15 - Barely playing, mostly staring at Haydee.1:09 - Died over 20 times at tutorial area, because of staring and falling off the ledges.2:37 - Found great room, posing Haydee, taking screenshots.3:41 - Continuing to play, walked off ledge by accident, remembered I didn't save.4:12 - Playing for a while now, saving and slowly exploring rooms.5:23 - Felt hungry, went AFK for some grub to kitchen.6:02 - Came back and had a weird urge to make a Haydee GIF.7:24 - Uploaded them to Steam and started to play again.7:39 - Found really dark room, couldn't see much, went in anyway.8:10 - Somehow found my way out of darkness.8:40 - Found night vision visor, went back into the dark area.8:41 - Died. Didn't save(some radioactive swearing)8:45 - Went for night vision visor. Then saved and explored the darkness.9:29 - Found Gordon's crowbar, rebreather and Magnum, hauled back to storage.9:40 - Entered gas room, died. Forgot rebreather at storage.9:45 - Equipped rebreather, charged into gas room.9:46 - Noticed a sign, ""no weapons allowed"", couldn't advance so threw pistol out.9:48 - Found 6 floors of tight corridors filled with enemies. Died many times.9:55 - Got really annoyed that I can't kill anything, ran away to rethink strategy.10:08 - Picked some mines from storage. With surgical placement destroyed many enemies.10:40 - Found some green key and went exploring other areas.11:10 - Found a gate with 4 red keys, had one so I thought BINGO, just open all 4.11:11 - Opened one lock, key disappeared. Many facepalms.Conclusion:12.20 - Played for 12 hours, at first it was really fun. Mostly staring at Haydee the first 5 hours, horribly dying by enemies though mostly just walking off ledges while staring at Haydee, but it's not the point. First 10-20 rooms are pretty easy to recall, but then you get few rooms with closed gates, or not functioning buttons, and you can't remember all of them after reaching 50. So closer to 10 hours all the running and checking for all the gate and button positions, it starts to get annoying. Add constant dying in new rooms, to find a strategy or find item, manage inventory, etc. By the 12th hour my brain was a mess, all rooms messed up and I pretty much lost it, couldn't remember where I was. At that point I was even thinking about drawing a map, but didn't bother. Probably got burned out, it would be nice if you had some sort of legend or map of rooms you visited at least on softcore. Otherwise it's fun platformer, with not that challenging puzzles, mostly a lot of running around, inventory management and trying to stay alive. Will have to pick it up some other time, maybe with some sort of map / guide, didn't expect so much dying going into this one, hate that aspect very much personally.Enjoy the game."
,Recommended,530890,25719291,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,M.,"Absolutely fantastic.I would like to preface this with my having played the demo for about eight or so hours.This is the kind of game that is missing from the modern game line-up. Something that demands a player to meet certain skill requirements in order to progress and is not afraid to punish. Additionally, to make such a bold character design choice is inspiring; both as a hobbiest game developer and as a core gamer. This game brings me hope for the future of independant development.Running around and finding all there is to find as you slowly gain more and more tools,  Haydee follows the castlevania recipe closely and does it well. Additionally, the mod support is very apparent and very appreciated."
,Recommended,530890,25843108,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,ThePCGamer101,"DISCLAIMER: This is a first impressions review, and NOT a full review, if you want a full review, then please read better reviews then mineHAYDEE IS A SFW GAME... HONEST!Haydee is a 3D platformer developed and published by Haydee Interactive. The game is quite difficult, with little margin for player error and requiring solid puzzle solving skills, memory, and observational skills, while also demanding an amount of reflexive ability and precisionDespite the marketing largely revolving around what I am assuming Haydee and her ""big assets"", and although I felt like the game's developer added Haydee just to lure young teenagers to bring out their wangs and get excited to see big computerized boobs and a booty, the game is most definitely more than that and shows clearly that the development team who understands level design. Some gamers may feel the game is unfair, but I assure you that if you slow down a bit and pay close attention nothing is actually ever sprung on you without a way for you to have noticed it beforehandThere are a handful of large general areas in the game, each having a seperate theme to its puzzles and sometimes specifically requiring certain items to even progress within the area. The game gives you no in-game map, so it may be worthwhile to make your own. With the game in its fledgeling state no real walkthrough exists, so you're more or less on your ownThere are only two simplistic enemies in the game, however the developers placement of these enemies mean encounters can be somewhat complex. One type of enemy can be avoided if done carefully, however the other enemy is much more dangerousThe music design is decent, it's nothing special, but it fits the game and provides a decent amount of atmosphere. The game largely lacks atmospheric sounds though, no dripping, no sounds in the distanceThe game takes place in a sort of clean testing facility layout similar to portal, and doesn't try to do too much with it. The robots are modeled reasonably, however Haydee's model has obviously had a lot of time put into it with the amount of animations. Haydee's animations are generally sexualized, with things such as crouching and climbing ledges nearly shoving her rear-end in your face. It does not cause issues with the camera but obviously is meant to appeal to a certain type of person...The level design is really good. However, the earlier portions of the game lacked a few things I thought might be good additions, and there was one portion extremely early into the game that requires a mechanic that is not explained anywhere... However later on this is no longer a problemHaydee is really good to play, however, trying to sell the game based on this character's figure may work in some cases, but as has been shown on the Steam forums for this game it has brought not much more than hordes of people bashing the game simply because of the character's design. People are unwilling to try the game and see how good it actually is, and though that's arguably the people's fault, ultimately this game will get less HONEST coverage because of the sexualized nature of the characterHowever, Haydee is a good puzzle platformer reminiscient of other slow puzzle-y adventure games. Perhaps blighted by a sexualized character and marketing focusing on her to attract people to try out the game. Ultimately I would recommend  Haydee to anyone interested in puzzle platformers or is looking for a challenge and does not mind bits of sexualized contentRECOMMENDED :)"
76561198021757575,Recommended,530890,28110936,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Incipit Satan,So It Like Portal But You Play As A..HOt Girl With All The Curves In All The Right Places!!!
76561198013877842,Recommended,530890,25759353,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,MoxPox,"solid game, solid puzzle game with back tracking, not a run and gun game at all you will run out of ammo. Overall id give this game a 7.5/10 worth the money.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqWVOY40oBw"
,Recommended,530890,26262539,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Estranged2,"This game is not for everyone. It is as close to the 90s Tomb Raider games as you're going to get. With some Metroidvania pollution, but still.The game doesn't tell you what to do, how to optimize your controls, what is the meaning of the stuff that you see. Explore the interrelated, interconnected space. Think. Think some more. Celebrate every room you get access to. Get stuck. Figure it out or abandon the game like the millions of mediocre people whose mediocrity has caused the race to the bottom, the race in trying to appease and cater to the lowest common denominator.Last, but not least - boobs and booty. Being so gratuitous in the current media and political climate is actually a very bold move."
76561198129628861,Recommended,530890,25767153,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Spooktoberfest,Robutt. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,530890,25719231,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Dominator841,"I have got to say, I bought this game for the fanservice (I'm being honest here), I fell in love with the puzzles and the atmosphere, I became engrossed in the situations that you were primarily forced into (waste ammo, or run to the door).I pretty much blanked out the fanservice, I have to say to the Devs. From one dev to another, keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,530890,28943002,Posted: 2 January,all,worldofjake2012,"Haydee is a really interesting and fun video game. There are way more than a hundred rooms featured in this game and they are all huge and many can even be challenging. The gameplay consists on a lot of trial-and-error, and I get that's the idea of the game. You don't respawn after you die, so you have to load a save, or start a new game (if you didn't load a save). The saves are limited though, so you better make the most with what you've got, and if you save too often, then you will use them up quickly and thus you won't be able to save until the next time you get more floppy disks. It's a pretty challenging game sort of in the style of Metroid or Castlevania, as the name of its genre would imply, where you run and you gun (when you obtain a weapon), go through puzzles, of which there are many, and shoot robots. It can also be a bit of a shock when there's an enemy and you didn't see it coming. But it's extremely fun in the gameplay front.The graphics are pretty cool, it sort of looks like Portal, but obviously it doesn't play like it. The models are finely done and the shadows are nicely cast. Some rooms (like the HUB for example) are also huge so it has a lot of room. The music is pretty cool as well, it's not much of a composition but I really like the drones.Alright, now I fell it's time to talk about the elephant in the room. Haydee looks so freaking hot! I mean, damn! Her breasts and butt look so big, they're practically as big as my head! Her legs are also really curvacious. Step away Samus Aran, eat your heart out Lara Croft, this is the gaming babe I want! I get the feeling this was the reason why most people bought the game. Well, that and they played the demos and enjoyed playing them, aswell. Obviously, it's not the most important aspect, but a lot of people point it out, so...If any of you guys like a bit of a challenge, then this is a great game for you then. It features many big rooms, a sexy heroine and many puzzles to solve, not to mention, it also has access to Steam Workshop so you can download more mods, mainly of mods of Haydee (the character) so you can play as other hot characters, including the aforementioned Samus and Lara Croft. Yeah, if you got the money, preferably if it's on sale, pick it up. It's a fun, fun game."
76561198352296768,Recommended,530890,34385887,Posted: 20 August,all,this_is_petro,"I know you're thinking that this game is nothing but♥♥♥♥♥♥♥(and yes, there's alot of T H I C C in here) but it's actually a quite challenging and puzzling adventure game.It reminds me alot of the old Metroid but y'know...without the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198030285367,Recommended,530890,25879411,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,TrailBlazer,"I would say watch videos on Haydee BEFORE buying it. I personally enjoyed it, and successfully obtained both endings. However that is not to say that I have complaints about this, and (stop me if you've heard this before) is in great need of a map. Part of the ""difficulty"" comes from having to remember all the rooms and the layout, when its simply just getting lost and wasting time. I did enjoy getting the Magnum, as it helped with the Blade-Bots so much, especially if you end up panicing (Those who are easily startled I do not recomend this game, especially how suddenly they go off).I honestly don't really know how to word my review properly, as part of me says this game is great, but the other part of me says don't buy this game (hopefully its just the salt talking)"
,Not Recommended,530890,28340397,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Schnuron [JP/EN],"My review was hard to think whenever or not to recommend this indie game to anyone.I'd say no. Let me say that I have completed the softcore mode on this game and finished it. I haven't played on hardcore mode yet.It was strange that I can't think of any other way.If you want to play a puzzle game that is so challenging and this female robot has to find a way to get out of this weird place, here's one of them.You will have a lot of fun playing this one if puzzles are your thing and it can take you a lot of hours to figure them out. You will make mistakes a lot, which I did.The items and bullets are kind of limited, so spend your stuff carefully.There's no autosaves, so you have to get some red floppy disks and place it on a device to save it. Awh, gee.The controls are alright. Crouching is pressing CTRL and getting up is SPACE? That's kinda ridiculous, but I got used to it.This one is my secondary problem.I was expecting to have some intriguing science fiction story of Haydee, but this one wasn't for me.But if this one has to be mysterious, then I have nothing to say. As a product of the video game, I had fun of it and I don't think I'd like to play it again.-----Basically, you're a sexy female robot trying to find a way out of this puzzle.I gotta say the character design is over the top. Her breasts seem fake, but what the hell. It's okay with me.I really like the robot designs as enemies.I got to the moment I couldn't careless to stare at her butt.There were a few things that made no sense to me.* I don't see her mouth to breath when you're under water andyou can get drown if your health is zero. What....* Haydee wears some high heels shoes. I just don't understand those during the gameplay.I have to say that puzzles like this were not my thing for this game. I've enjoyed the level design of the puzzles.I remember I was lost in a few complex places in many times.On the other hand, I had some fun achieving some puzzles that they were so rough and I died so many times by accident or some robot enemies.I have to admire what RomanKL (Roman Kladovshchikov), Anton, Georgiy and Timur were making this game so hard, especially the team of this game.Making a 3D indie game can be so damn expensive.The music is ambient electronic and some trip-hop elements. There were some song were creepy that it fitted like a dark area.I like it.ProsThe challenging puzzles can keep you busy.The level design for the puzzles.Ambient music.ConsThe story.You cannot save the game in the Options. Saving the game in a device is not my thing.So, if you are looking for an interesting story with this main character, I wouldn't recommend anyone to get it. I've bought it for 10 bucks for sale.I still admire the guys who've made this adventurous puzzle game.Personally this one wasn't my thing."
76561198156662150,Recommended,530890,29838218,Posted: 10 February,all,✘,"A wonderfully crafted game with addicting level design and great functionalities. Mods on the comunity fourm can remove (or add) the visual quirks if thats not youre poison, making it family friendly. If you love portal or open world puzzle solving this is the game for you!"
76561198014561335,Recommended,530890,25719489,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,3fitty7ven,"Protip: the pistol is in the box where the first enemy is.If i had to compare the gameplay to somthing it would probably be leaning towards Resident Evil 1. You have to use 'Disks' to save your game, no auto or quick save here. You have to pick your kills, or risk losing all your ammo, andthere is some inventory management to work with. There are also alot of secrets in this game, so keep your eyes peeled.Not much to find in terms of story here, its all strict careful planning, Learning how to do every room, and finding out where all the guns and pickups are.Im 4 hours in, and had to restart my inital playthrough so I wasn't parched for resources.over all, im liking it so far.7.7/10"
76561198220599868,Recommended,530890,32365641,Posted: 12 June,all,LXQUICKJUSTICE,This game... is great with mods.  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561197970517348,Recommended,530890,26424719,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Doctor Heart,"Haydee “A Game that actually feels like a game”Where to start? If resident evil, tomb raider, and dark souls all had a baby this is what it would be like. It’s one of the most  unique and rewarding and fun but challenging games I’ve played in a long time.For starters this game has a lot of platforming and it actually works well with a mouse and keyboard which shows its great roots as a game built for the ground up for the pc. I prefer my mouse and keyboard over my 360 controller for this game surprisingly.Then theres its survival aspect where you have to hunt for and conserve ammo. And you have to draw your weapon and actually aim instead of just running and gunning.In order to save you have to save in certain places and are limited in doing so because it requires a diskette like a ink ribbon in old school Resident Evil games.In terms of how all of this flows together in both pacing and difficulty along with its aesthetic and tone: This game doesn’t hold your hand.It makes you awaken conditioning your raw hardcore player gaming instincts in order to overcome challenge after challenge involving many of its gaming elements that are well woven together. And it is wonderful.When there are no quick saves or check points there will be a countless amount of times that you will die in your journey where you have to use many skills in order to survive. You will be forced to take things slow and be aware of every nook and cranny of every room that you enter and memorizing all of it as you make your way in its grueling but satisfying trial and error gameplay through its weird and immersive sci-fi scenario.Its SCI-FI scenario has a very minimal design which leaves a lot to your imagination and it results in actually making its difficult design more rewarding because you actually feel like you’re carving your own story as someone nameless.You’ll actually end up feeling more immersed playing as the cool hyper sexualized Female Robot more than that established and grandiose British archeologist who’s raiding tombs or a special forces member trying to survive yet another grandiose zombie apocalypse.Haydee is just another one of her kind trying to escape the tyrannical robot dominated place that she’s in. You’ll see a lot of fallen identical robots like yourself in your journey foreshadowing what lies ahead of you.Haydee’s weird and minimal sci-fi setting and its many well woven genres of challenging gameplay all come together wonderfully allowing it to easily set itself apart from every other game released today because it’s a game that actually feels like a game.TLDR: To sum it up, when you see yourself effortlessly making that series of jumps and then gunning down that creepy robot who previously destroyed you last time while conserving every bit of ammo you can in order to make your way to that even bigger challenge that you just know you will conquer this time you’ll realize that you’ve awakened your sense of Gaming Mastery and Zen which games used to be about."
76561198027946172,Recommended,530890,25734975,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Wassergup,"Haydee is a competent platformer with decent shooting mechanics if nothing else. Most of the primary gameplay seems to be a test of memory rather than a test of skill and knowledge as most of the games difficulty relies on trial and error, such as catching the player off guard with enemies spawning directly behind you or around a corner where it is almost unavoidable to take a hit, resulting in a somewhat shallow and thoughtless experience. The puzzles are often frustratingly tedious and require quite a bit of backtracking which often confuses the player as its easy to become lost in this games maze-like level design which an in game map would easily fix. The platforming is definitely the biggest highlight of this game as it seems to harken back to a classic style found in the original Tomb Raider games. Another classic this game heavily borrows from is Resident evil with its limited item based saving system and safe rooms that allow simple inventory management.  The game seems pretty shallow in its current state but has a hopeful future with upcoming mod support assuming additional levels or environmental mods can be added to the game and that everyone wont just focus on Haydee's glorious figure.Pros:-Competent platforming-Decent survival and shooting mechanics-Saving system-BoobsCons:-Awful enemy placement-Convoluted level design-Puzzles make up for simplicity with a bit too much backtrackingFinal verdict: Rule34/10"
,Recommended,530890,25742153,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Ahlmivarn,"Ahlmi's Short ReviewTL;DRIf you ignore the blatant eye-candy it's actually not that bad of a 'trial and error' puzzle game.Pros/ConsPros*Runs well*Controls well on keyboard*Nice sound design, I guess*Challenging but not enragingCons*Blatant eye-candy (eventually you come to phase it out like your nose right infront of you).*Metroidvania-y but *shrug*.*Perhaps a better interface for options and such.*Not too friendly to gamepads."
76561198092029204,Recommended,530890,29837410,Posted: 10 February,all,Viper,"Highly reccomend.This game triggers people!But that aside, if you love free speech, boobs, and puzzles you can't go wrong with this!After an hour of spanking the monkey, offending all snowflakes in the comunity with boob related spank questions, and downloading different nude mods, you will find a deep and involved game that takes brain cells and thinking to get through.It's like rule 34, Silent Hill, Tomb Raider, Event Horizon, Symphony of the Night, and Apple had a baby.The ambience of the music sets a creepy yet thought provoking vibe.The tone of the world is spooky, lonely isolation based, looks like Apple made a space station/evil bunker, invokes mystery, and has a survival horror feel to it.You will spank the monkey or flick the bean, and you will do this for an hour.But afterwards, you will discover a gem of a game.Gameplay, is morbidly hard, you will have to figure everything out on your own from scratch, and the puzzles are on par with a Myst game, they can take hours and hours to figure out. You will drown, you will fall to your death, and you will be sliced, blown up, and bashed by robots. You will take in the spooky ambience of the levels, and admire huge oiled butts while mysterious music plays, you will see boobs float in water!And you will be spooked by creepy areas of the game, along with taking in the beautiful and strange music!But why are you there? Who are you? What are you?Unlock the puzzles, figure out the mystery!Die!Fap!Fap again!and stay to continue unlocking the mystery of Haydee!11/10 ign, would spray keyboard with man junk, then die in a pit in game while offending feminists again........ boobs!"
76561197980522008,Not Recommended,530890,29149638,Posted: 9 January,all,jj_masaki,"For those who don't want to read the full review - I dislike and cannot recommend the game due to bad game design. The aesthetics are fine, if over-sexualized.Having played Haydee for about an hour now and barely getting through the tutorial area, the game has already left a bad taste in my mouth.  Haydee seems to attempt to be a combination of Portal (for  aesthetics) and Dark Souls (for game design) but it fails at both.The Dark Souls inspirations are easily seen - the game expects you to die a lot.  Why else would they create an achievement called Moron for dying 3 times in the same room?  Did they make a hard game? Yes, but not for the reasons that Dark Souls is hard.  Dark Souls is hard, but usually fair.  Haydee is hard because they don't tell you anything.  Absolutely nothing.  Upon entering the game, there are no button prompts (which is fine) and for a ""tutorial"" there is no explanation of the game's mechanics.  I acquired the aforementioned Moron achievement in the 5th room of the game because I had no idea of how to lower myself onto the ledge.  Apparently, you have to approach the edge, turn around, and then press the down button (which I only knew which one it was because of looking at the options.)  By comparison, Dark Souls will tell you how to play the game, through the messages left on the ground in the tutorial area.  You can choose to read them or not, but they are there for a new player if they need them.My only guess is the developers felt that this would be considered ""hand-holding"" their players.  I get that many modern games overdo the tutorial messages both in the tutorial area and out of it.  However, informing the player of your game's mechanics isn't hand-holding, it's proper game design.  I should not have to go outside of the game to learn how to play the game.  Example: I learned that I could swim from another bad review complaining about how they couldn't tell about the oxygen levels in the game, which after testing it I also agree with.As for the look and feel of Haydee, I had little problems. The game looks polished and clean with its visuals. Granted, I haven't seen much of it, but what I have seen looks good.  Camera controls though are a sore spot.  While it moves smoothly, the camera is too close for my liking, even at the farthest setting that it has. That and ledge climbing. Ledge climbing is a two-button process with the only rationale for it being to show off the character's butt.  While I understand that the developers are putting the character's looks in the forefront of the game, there are enough times that you crouch in the game that this process could've been streamlined.To conclude, I will restate my main pet peeve - I should not have to go outside of the game's official channels to learn how to play your game.  The tutorial is supposed to give your players the basic tools needed to continue through your game. Haydee fails to provide this which makes it frustrating, not hard and an over-sexual robot does not cover up its glaring flaws."
,Recommended,530890,25716209,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,JnsBlack,"So for those considering a buy:If your bothered by character design then dont buy it, game is age gated for reason.If you want to buy just becouse of charcter, your money is probably spent better elsewhere.If your still reading then here are some basic pointsFound the game on greenlight (hard to miss ;)). as many came for TA stayed for awesome gameplay, tried the demo and enjoyed it immensly. Have some 4 hours in demo uncovering everything avialable (i think) + bit on release version.1-2 hours is good amount to get the feeling of the game, so try it, and if you dont like it refund, the price i think is just right.Edit: Apperantly greenlight demo is still available so thats an option toohttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=735346310Stores About This game description is quite apt so read it if you haventGame is a basic (as in Deadpool basic) third person platformer with bit of shooting. It borows astetics from portal and mirrors edge but game is completly different beast.Platforming is mostly very consistent and and shooting works quite well too. Regarding controls ctrl lowers your stance (crouch and drop down from ledges when facing backwards, drop down from hang), space raises stance (jump, pull up, climb up etc). C for change shoulder will be you friend when checking corners for nasty bots. you can quick transfer items from containers to inventory and other way around by clicking on them with RMB instead of dragging - sometimes you got to be quick.Game is very hard and punishing - first achievment you will get is probably Welcome to Haydee and its given on first death. Expect to die often - however the deaths are rarly cheap, rather they exploit your misconceptions.Be patient pay attention and dont rush and you will be rewarded - try different items or aproach. Or just facecheck rush and come again with beforehand knowledge.If your playing first time dont save on saves (:wink) use them.If you buy it give your own review"
,Recommended,530890,25895214,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Skidd,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I originally got this game as a joke to make a quick video on... and it turned into a full Let's Play. I LOVE this game. It is genuinely fun and challenging... and no.. NOT because of clunky controls or anything. Anyone complaining about this game needs to take a second look PAST the sexy robot lady (which is a plus in my book anyway) and see that there is actually a great game there.Very Metroidvania-ish. Meaning you'll be wandering back and forth a LOT figuring out things.Lots of Puzzles and Platforming.A bit of third-person shooting thrown in there.Highly recommended for people who don't get easily offended and actually know how to enjoy themselves.
,Recommended,530890,34136473,Posted: 9 August,all,Viko,T H I C CVery fun game with nice mods
,Recommended,530890,30581385,Posted: 17 March,all,Ark,pros:- really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥robot- no tutorial so get ready to think rather than having everything given to you- graphics are pretty lit for a simple gamecons:- robot's♥♥♥♥♥♥too small
76561198029205454,Not Recommended,530890,28747885,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Flarfy,"I'll admit to not having played more than an hour, so bear that in mind.That being said... I was instantly bored with this game. And that's a huge red flag. If the game isn't entertaining or at least interesting from the start, odds are it's not really gonna change later.Obviously it takes a lot of cues from Portal. In particular the robots and the simple functional environments. But where Portal brought a novel mechanic, this game is just jump and button puzzles.Walk around. Meet locked door. Walk around. Find button. Go back to previously locked door. Progress.The controls also feel very clunky. While I certainly can appreciate the sexy cyborg, there's a reason FPS games are in... well... first person perspective. Interactions with the environment also feels uncomfortable. Remember the original Prince of Persia? If you want to climb down a ledge you first walk gently towards the ledge. Then you turn around. Then press crouch to climb down. That's how this game made in 2016 works.But can't you just jump down the low ledges? Nope! Fall damage from anything over half your height. There is absolutely no reason why you should'nt be able to just jump down from stuff. I'm a puny human, and I can jump down from my own height with no problems.This is also a game that proudly proclaims ""lol - you're gonna die a lot"". That's fine I guess, but when you do, you start way back from when you last saved. Some might find this a fun challenge. I just found it boring to retrace the steps I already figured out to do.I find that the game's challenge doesn't come from good game design, but rather from the lack of it. Missing a jump because of bad controls is not what I consider a challenge. That's just frustrating. Same with jump scare instakills.I think this is to be considered a niche game. To forgive this game it's flaws you really have to be a fan of this particular ""FPS-metroidvania"" genre. Too bad... I really liked the sexy cyborg... Sadly that is the only thing this game delivers."
,Recommended,530890,29288063,Posted: 15 January,all,bclk,"i was sceptic at start but was bored enough on the last day of my holiday. needless to say that i am a gaming veteran that did all kind of jump and runs, arcade etc games since the homecomputer era. tomb raider was the reason i bought my first 3D card (3dfx) and i absultely love arousing games, curves and boobs.what can i say. i totally fell in love with this little gem. its quite unforgiving in its mechanics (remembers me bit of dayZ and such) as you start with nothing and than possibly get more items along the way. the setting is a bit like the CUBE movies. claustrophobic, sterile, clean and utter deadly. you dont get much of a pre-set story beside that the protagonist is one (of many) android/human mixes. as you see many of them unactivated or dead laying around one imediately remembers that resident evil (movie) scene where they were performing experiments on Alice´s clones).if you have a bit fantasy and maybe some rpg background your mind imediately kicks in and creates with these parameters an origin story and elaborating who, why what.from a technical aspect i played it on 4K Ultra Wide with Keyboard and Mouse: No Problem aswell as on Bigscreen 4K on the sofa with an xbox gamepad attached to the pc. worked like a charm.the gamee is very polished, the models movements menues and everything is high to very high quality and i hope this indy studio has a lot of success (also commercial) with this title so we get more.modding community is on full steam and you start finding everything you could possibly ask for or imagine available as mods here or in th enet.enjoy and thanks for this game. would buy again 10/10."
,Recommended,530890,29539561,Posted: 28 January,all,FluffyQuack,"A 3D Metroidvania with a huge focus on exploration. There's no map as reference, no arrow pointing you to the next objective, and the level design can be very maze-like. The level design reminds me a lot of early Tomb Raider games or shooters from the 90's which were very willing to lead you back and forth in search for key items and giving you little to no hints. Experiencing this kind of level design again is very refreshing and is easily the game's strong point, but I do think the lack of a map can make the game potentially frustrating in the long run. If you've explored almost everything but you've missed a vent in a corner of a room which leads a key item, then you might find yourself roaming for a long time before you stumble on it.With the game's slow pacing and the very subdued music, I think the game is best played multi-tasking. Start a podcast or watch a twitch stream in the background while playing. Otherwise, it can seem a bit tedious at times. Especially if you find yourself repeating the last 15 minutes of progress because you died unexpectedly.The design of the main character won't be to everyone's liking so it's worth noting the game has official modding tools with steam workshop support. So unless you want a huge butt in your face while playing the game, you should check out the character replacements made by fans. These mods range from an even bigger butt in your face to various popular characters from other games."
76561198061573729,Recommended,530890,31600908,Posted: 7 May,all,mjfv4.0,"Yes it's hard, but if you are persistant and carefull in the face of a challange, you will find a minimalist Resident Evil with a sterile Portal-like aesthetic, quiet, elaborate and mazelike."
,Recommended,530890,35456331,Posted: 3 October,all,Pepeaventuras,Pros:- Good mechanics- Good graphics- Good camera- Godly animations- Superb jiggle physics- Extra T H I C C female protagonist- Workshop with over 100 mods- Amazing +18 mods- Good puzzles- Achievements- Soft and Hard mode to play- Different endingsCons:-NoneConclussion:Solid 10/10Or should I say...(  ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)/10
,Recommended,530890,31286404,Posted: 21 April,all,my grasp on reality is buttery,"Strange third-person puzzler with an interesting, clean, and slightly sexual aesthetic. Oddly surreal and engaging."
,Recommended,530890,34696774,Posted: 2 September,all,NiGHTS,"This game is awesome and the workshop stuff only makes it better! The game is hard yes but it's what it was designed to be hard, so you can see if you're worthhaydee's time."
,Recommended,530890,25732810,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Rhubarb,"When I saw the trailer I thought, ""Oh butts and boobs. k."" I clicked not interested and moved on. But the trailer didn't leave my head. At first because of butts and boobs, but then how it began to make me feel uneasy. I went back the next day and watched it again. This time I had questions about everything I was looking at because she seemed out of place in a complex of murderbots and puzzles. I slept on it until the next day when it was released.Well, I bought it and so far those questions haven't been answered but the game does deliver. The aspect of Butts and Boobs wears off after several novel minutes. I felt the design was a bit over the top but after a while it's kind of haunting. The game has decent platforming and the gunplay is satisfying enough, but best of all this game creeps me out. Not like a babydoll creepy, but in a ""sterile room with a dead body in it"" kind of way. (Does that even make sense?) The protagonist doesn't talk (At least, so far) and I wonder if she even can. Is she trapped in that body and silently suffering? Is the complex a metaphor of escaping her fate? Why am I thinking about this so hard?Once the robots are introduced they take part in the game in a major way. This game offers some really tense moments that had me squirming in my chair trying to run from stuff. This game is surprisingly good and the mixture of genres play well together. Don't let the butt and boobs distract you, it's you versus the game and the game plays to win."
,Recommended,530890,32701388,Posted: 23 June,all,Barön Foster,"This game is the perfect booty simulator!There's just one problem, is there ever going to be a control setup where you can play this game with just one hand? Just curious."
,Recommended,530890,25824978,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lost Elsen,"Haydee is third-person action game with emphasis on exploration and puzzles, developed by Russian group - Haydee Interactive.It hurts to do this, but some concerns should be adressed first, before talking about actual game. First thing that catches your eye is of course Haydee herself, the protagonist. Whether you like her or not - how she looks is not important. Don't descend into thinking ""lol KK simulator"" or ""sexual game 2016"". Look under cover, look deeper than that, after some time in game you will stop even noticing who you are playing as - everything becomes that tense and interesting.In Haydee you take the role of mass-produced cyborg left alone in strange complex full of traps and dangerous security systems. You are alone and lost, there is no goal to reach, there is no rule to follow, and no soul to communicate. All what there is is you, your knowledge and your instincts. And that mix of self-preservation and curiosity will drive you away from sterile rooms and onto  dangerous jorney towards... what you seem fit.There is truly no handholding, especially in regard to the storyline - you find everything out for yourself, if you curious, and if you're not - you wander around trying to find something. Same statement goes for gameplay - there is no conventional tutorial, first thing that you see is test. If you are able to pass it - you go on, and if you are not - you die. In this complex you are expendable clone and to at least survive, forget reach something, you should be wary of your every step. Everything tries to kill you here.But all rhethorics aside Haydee is a masterfully done game, that emphathises on exploration, problem solving, and to some extent on platforming. Most of the time you will be searching your way out of the labyrinth of rooms, opening doors, searching for keys, and wandering hidden passageways, occasionally trying to survive deadly encounters with robots - there is not much of action in game but it's so fairly difficult and well done that every shootout will make you hold your breath. Puzzles are woven into matter of game itself and every room, every brick deserves attention and could be essential for your progress, and their difficulty will leave you lost for a long time, amplifying the joy of finding a solution that will seem obvious for you afterwards. Also there is huge portion of well made horror (!) so hold onto your pants.What game may dissapoint you with is again - untold story. You should figure everything out for yourself and after any of endings there will be more questions than answers. Haydee starts on relatively long tutorial area and develops challenge and difficulty slowly - give game some time and  it will show you all of it's beauties. Also gameplay itself is quite slow, but once you understand that every corner may contain conveniently placed landmine or robo-maniac - you get used to it. Saves and ammo are limited, and even though i see it very well fitting setting of game and overall mood, it may push away some players, but i assure you - if you are watchful and careful, very soon you will find your inventory overflown with those.Even though authors try to describe their project as ""hardcore metroidvania"" there is no  word that can fully describe this game. It's a wild mix of Portal, Thief, Tomb Raider, Metal Gear Solid, Resident Evil and System Shock. If you are fan of at least one of those games, or just like challenging, stylish, and truly interesting games - grab it. You will not regret it one bit.P.S. Face from edge and push crouch twice."
,Recommended,530890,26108788,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Pthumeru Ihyll,"This game ended up being a whole lot better than I thoughtit was going to be. My initial impression was acheap and hastily made game with adultcontent slapped on it for sales. Which, don't get me wrong, I love it when games throw fanservice at the player. I can forgive a lot of flaws in a game when itsbundled with underdressed women. I'm glad to find out I couldn'tbe more wrong about Haydee, however. It has a certainunforgiving difficulty that is absolutely addictive (if not occasionally maddening). While not withoutits flaws, Haydee turned out to be an impressive gem.TL;DRCame for the [b♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/b]Came from the [b♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/b]Stayed for the gameplay (and the [b♥♥♥♥♥♥♥/b])"
76561197970182728,Recommended,530890,29329689,Posted: 17 January,all,SCATDELA,"I was dead wrong about this game. Frustrated by the controls (and still am), I wanted to get a refund, but it was too late. So I picked it up again and have been playing for many days now. It's very hard and unforgiving, but it's really intriguing."
,Recommended,530890,25861281,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zirk the Euphoric,"The graphics are quite clean and run very smoothly, it feels polished and minimalist. The environments are quite small and there isn't much to do in each of the rooms. It takes a little bit of time to load between rooms, and you need to go between rooms quite a lot so this is quite annoying. The controls feel pretty solid for movement, but I wish the animations were faster. Mechanically it's interesting as there are a lot of different ways to approach the puzzles.The character Haydee is some kind of android with extremely large breasts, and flaunts bare legs and a wide rear. If you find these features to be sexually appealing then the game can be enjoyed on another level.Mods for extra ""Outfits"" which are like character skins are also fun to use, and easy to install. If you want you can even make Haydee naked, or reduce her breast size.I think it's quite a good game. It feels clunky at times, but overall it offers enjoyable content."
,Recommended,530890,32299882,Posted: 9 June,all,DogMom,"Absolutely one of the best examples of combing different things that normally wouldn't go together but sorta work: Puzzles, Strategy and Sex Appeal.The puzzles have to do with using the different items you have in the environment you're given, typically in ways to get around enemies that desperately want to kill you, but are ulutinately predictable. Yet still there's a sense of panic if you don't press the button at the right moment or act too fast and can't turn back before your untimely death. I find myself turning every corner slowly and checking for enemies that might notice and run at me without warning, and that's frightening!Otherwise there's platforming, and it's not quite as bad as I thought it'd be with the camera angles. Haydee can jump pretty far and if you make sure to remember what she is- a cyborg top half that takes no damage when gripping ledges and a human loser half that can't take long falls then you'll be perfectly fine throughout, so long as you plan ahead. Planning ahead is the most essential part of this game, exploration and experimentation.As for the design, it works for me, makes the game even more entertaining watching her anti-gravity bosom shake around like she's an anime character."
,Recommended,530890,25772687,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Corey Feldman,"Let's talk about Haydee. By that, I mean real talk.At first glance, all Haydee seems to be about is a sexually designed protagonist meant to lure people in to buy a game. Yes and no.Yes, as in primarily Haydee is designed to be a rather catching design. No, as in there is a lot more to this game than just sexual designs.After about ten minutes of ogling Haydee, the game begins to engross you in a rather interesting mix of homages to a lot of older video game designs that aren't represented enough in today's mainstream games.In Haydee, you control the titular cyborg as you travel through the rats maze of a complex filled with traps, puzzles, and murderous robots. Your objective is simple: escape the complex. Nothing more, nothing less. There is no ""true"" narrative per se, though the environment does lead to some interesting hints of a possible story to tell about what is the actual deal in this world.Gameplay wise, this game does utilize slower, ""clunkier"" controls that harken back to older games. This is done purposefully. Nothing is automatic like modern games are. Your movements are methodical. You have to time platforming properly, you have to scale and lower yourself carefully to avoid fall damage. You have to use your wits and reflexes to deal with enemies. You have to observe and think to solve puzzles. This game is not kidding about ""no hand holding."" Haydee does not tell you where to go next, it does not give you blatant hints on puzzles. There's no map. No checkpoints, only oldschool save points with an inventory to actually save. It's just you and experimentation. In a way, that's refreshing. Never before has T&A made me think this hard and draw a map.Graphics. Honestly, nothing groundbreaking but it doesn't need to be. It's presentable, clean, and detailed enough to notify what zone you're in. The game is designed around the puzzles and platforming and gets the job done. The Portal aesthetics of the clean white and geometric shapes do help give this nice, futuristic, yet bleak feeling. Just don't come in expecting wide open woodlands at 4k.Music. Again, nothing groundbreaking. It's just ambient themes that fit each zone. They serve their purpose. Sound is more important. Sounds of doors opening, doors locking, and enemies dropping in are much more important to listen for and keep track of to figure out how puzzles are working or to keep your♥♥♥♥♥alive.All in all, Haydee is a simple, yet very challengine game that requires commitment. This game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off just enough for you to keep going to prove you are better than the game. Keep in mind, never give up. There is always a way to figure things out.Also, try to play without a walkthrough, it's rather invigorating to figure this stuff on your own. Just keep a notepad handy to relieve the days of playing Super Metroid without the internet being around."
76561198243764708,Recommended,530890,31413325,Posted: 28 April,all,Riku Namako,"Visually impressive. Gameplay is excellent, and while challenging, not impossible for overcoming the tasks and puzzles with a little practice and item management. Lot's of mods from a pretty active community add to the replayability of the game as well. Highly recommended."
76561198040444895,Not Recommended,530890,25731430,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Cesar Cavatelli,"I love robots with♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I wanted to like this game, but Survival Horror controls and Camera do not work for platforming. Also the practice of save points does not work with a game that controls this poorly, it leads to players getting frustrated that they have to replay sections because of something that wasn't their fault.Improve this♥♥♥♥♥♥so we can have a GOOD game with fat♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s."
,Recommended,530890,33807850,Posted: 26 July,all,Drake Skaletta,"You know, the more I play this game the more the gameplay seems like resident evil, Plus the added bonus of metroidvania style exploration. Which is a good thing! Honestly, it feels rewarding to explore and solve puzzles. Knowing where to go and where to avoid as you die and respawn. The controlls are a little wierd for clambering up and down ledges but besides that I have to say the game is fun, solid, and quite rewarding. Plus it seems like there is a reason for the facility you are in, but what it's for I'm still trying to figure out. Which is a lot more then I expected for a game with that BOOTAY and BOOBENS being the first thing I saw."
,Recommended,530890,32177792,Posted: 4 June,all,TSGSquid,This Game Is The Most Fun/HARDCORE PARKOUR Game I Have Played Since Mirrows Edge.First Of All The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Character Can Get Destracting At Time's But You Will Get Used To ItYes This Game Is Very Hard (Thats What She Said)Thare Are Some Good Puzzle's In Some Parts Of The GameYou Have Limeted Save's So Dont Save Too Much (If You Have A Mod From The Workshop You Can Save Unlimetedly)8/10 A Amazing Game
,Not Recommended,530890,31332314,Posted: 23 April,all,Van Fanel,"Visuals are simple and all, sound is very poor, the gameplay is plagued with trial and error, good challenging games don't rely on that, even if you have limited saves at least the game should provide you with a few more save rooms, the game needs a ton of refinement and its ""selling point"" being modding lacks proper documentation, get it for cheap if you want, but is not worth full price, most good reviews seem to be only for the memes."
76561197990801230,Recommended,530890,25716231,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Piorn,"Surprisingly fun little action game. The world is dense with little secrets and shortcuts, and the action is tense.If you like survival and exploration, with some light platforming and metroidvania mechanics thrown in, definitely check it out. Just don't expect any hand holding, the enemies are tough and the exploration is completely up to you.And do yourself a favor and don't go into the steam community forum for a while."
,Not Recommended,530890,31528260,Posted: 3 May,all,Freebird,"This isn't challenging, it's flawed, the ""tutorial"" consists of you dying, then going online to find an answer. Repeatedly. $14.99 is wayyy too much to ask for an incomplete game. Try $4.99, maybe I'll come back.Also the camera angles are freaking terrible.I can see how some people might like this game, I don't have the time for this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,530890,34857970,Posted: 10 September,all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"I don't understand who this game is designed for. It appears to be masochists with a booty babe fetish. While I quite like booty babes and third person action games, I am not a masochist and I absolutely detest this game. The reason for this is its pathetic controls. I have played hundreds of games at this point, Steam alone tells me that I have played about 200 and I have played many outside of Steam. In all that time I have never once come across a game with controls worse than in this one.It is truly in a league of its own as far as bad controls go, my guess is that the devs wanted to develop a challenging game and thought that implementing achallengedcontrol scheme is the way to go about it. It really isn't and it's a shame, the videos show a game with a very intriguing aesthetic but good visuals mean less than nothing without good gameplay and good gameplay cannot exist without good controls. Thus this game joins a trash heap of missed opportunities."
,Not Recommended,530890,30088624,Posted: 21 February,all,Times,"The are games that walk the fine line between challenging and frustrating. Dark Souls, Megaman, Fire Emblem, these are all games that are very difficult, but urge you to try again to conquer them.Haydee is not one of those games.Now, Haydee is not a bad game by any means, but I wouldn't call it a fun game. It just hates it's players with a fiery passion. The quote unquote ""tutorial"" establishes this right off the bat. You're given not a single line of instruction and just set loose.Your first obstacle is a hole that if you fall into it, you die. You'll die a lot in Haydee, and the game is not kind about it. When you die the screen doesn't fade to black and deposit you back at the beginning, no. It just hangs there, staring at your floppy corpse as if to say ""Look at this. Look at what you did.""In order to reload, you have to open the menu and click ""New Game""No, I didn't say ""Load"". Load is reserved for players who made it to a save point. This game doesn't have autosaves, nor can you save freely. You have to find a save point, and then hope you have at least one save cassette in your inventory. That's right, this game has limited saves.So, unlike Dark Souls or Megaman, you can't just throw yourself at a problem until you finally get it right. Nope. If you screw up even once, it's game over. Start over from your last save, redo the jumping puzzle, run past the enemies without getting hit because they take off a third of your health, crawl through the vents, redo another jumping puzzle, then you can retry where you died, and if you die again, you have to do the whole song and dance over.Now, if the controls were really tight and you could breeze through stuff, it'd be forgivable, but they aren't. The controls are clunky and unintuitive. Lemme tell you how to climb down a ledge, something you have to do in almost every room that has drops of any kind.First, you have to approach the ledge, obviously, then you have face away from the ledge. That's right, away from where you want to go. This requires doing a full 180 with the camera and sloooowly backing up to it so you don't accidentally fall off. Then, you crouch. Then, with your♥♥♥♥♥hugging the camera like a big delicious peach, you crouch again, and then Haydee will crawl down the ledge.If that sounds tedious, it's because it is, and what's more the game at no point tells you how to do this. It just presents you with a ledge and expects you to figure it out. Even a little graphic would have been nice.On top of that, Haydee is painfully slow. Her running speed is just barely faster than walking, and also barely faster than enemies. When she comes to a ledge, she has to grab it, slowly pull herself up and STOP, mooning the camera again until you press the space bar. This is great for admiring dat♥♥♥♥♥ but not so great where gameplay is concerned. Every room you have to redo is a chore simply because they take forever.Speaking of rooms, this game has a lot of them, and they all feel... really empty. You're running around a facility with all the aesthetics of Aperture Labs and none of the background storytelling. There's just, nothing to look at but white tiled walls. Sure, the game makes a cursory effort with the occasional corpse that looks exactly like you lying around, and that's good, but it's way too sparse. Maybe there's more later in the game, but it shouldn't be that way. The first fifteen minutes of a game are the most important, and this game has no story hook whatsoever.In all, I'm really disappointed. I was really looking forward to this game after the initial previews and demo. The main character looked striking and memorable, and I sorta expected the story to reflect the styling of the character. If this was still the demo, I'd say it was very promising, but this is the full game, and it just feels... half baked. It's not done. There needed to be fine-tuning of the controls. More overt storytelling, and especially more characterization for Haydee. And above all, it needs to be more forgiving. Even Dark Souls had a grace period where it showed you the controls and mechanics before it dropped a demon on top of you, but this game just throws you down a hole and then glares at you like you're the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. It even has an achievement called ""Moron"", referring to you dying so much. This game is mean, and it doesn't even have the depth to make up for it. I can't recommend it, and that makes me very sad."
76561198063334061,Recommended,530890,28897621,Posted: 1 January,all,Desmesne,"Really solid♥♥♥♥♥to face puzzle gem. It's very reminisciant of portal, mirrors edge, and system shock 2, just lackluster in unique game mehanics. Everybody seems to be talking about how the character looks, but honestly you ignore it pretty quickly. It was clearly well thought out and designed, worth  the 15$"
,Recommended,530890,28955567,Posted: 2 January,all,FOB3X,"English:Everything that you see in the Trailer fulfills it and with a lot of quality, an Indie very but that very good, totally Oldschool, with all the letters, mechanics perfectly well implemented, besides a protagonist of good seeing ... although in this sense always I thought it was not necessary to put it like this ... but what the hell ... the game it's so ♥♥♥♥ing good in multiple ways !!My Article-Introduction and Review of #Haydee,  with subtitles in Englishhttps://youtu.be/1frCTTZPfNUEspañol:Todo lo que ves en el Tráiler lo cumple y con mucha calidad, un Indie muy pero que muy bueno, totalmente Oldschool, con todas las letras, mecánicas perfectamente bien implementadas, además de una protagonista de buen ver...aunque en éste sentido siempre he pensado que no a sido necesario ponerla así xD...pero qué más da...el juego es la hostia en multiples sentidos !!"
76561198050085494,Recommended,530890,25730921,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,anxietydecending,"A fine game. The camera is a little close and the spaces a little too confined for precision platforming.It would be nice to be able to get something from downed bots, if only on the easier mode. Or just no combat at all and just puzzles. Look for it in a sale maybe."
76561198025451547,Recommended,530890,25976028,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Wryly,"Okay you have seen the video and gazed at the screenshots. If not go look at em I'll wait. Back? Good. Now forget everything you just saw and heard. If you take anything from my review remember this: Haydee is a great game. The greatness lies in the thought that clearly went into Haydee's design.Given what Haydee is designed to be and is, a game of moving through an enclosed space in six directions, the controls are perfect. Only thing I would ask for would be a toggle for Haydee's night vision visor to free up some hotbar management. I recommend using the keyboard and mouse, but then I come from an age of digital controllers.The way in which Haydee interacts with her world is delightful, from the way she looks at the camera, to the tragic animations of her death, and everything in between.Each zone has a subtle, but distinct feel. Puzzles are well thought out and some have multiple solutions. Haydee is true to the Metroidvania style as you will be going back to previous areas as you acquire the means to access or solve their puzzles.Overall the aesthetic of Haydee is reminiscent of Portal. A clean white factory or lab, perhaps an AI testing environment. If Haydee herself is the reason you haven't bought this game, then please be aware that she is very moddable and a growing community is doing just that.Haydee will not hold your hand and is not for everyone, but your persistence will be rewarded, especially if you are paying attention. Haydee's story is simple, straight to the point, and easy to miss. But with Haydee it's more about the journey.Most importantly the Devs are very helpful and frequently interact with Haydee's community. Which is a big plus given that they have released Hadyee's modding tools.I recommend you get Haydee if you like a challenge, can deal with the frustration of failure, and enjoy a hard won victory.Still not convinced? Try the Greenlight demo."
76561198061673473,Recommended,530890,25864685,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,?!,"Boobs and Butts aside...This game is amazing. Portal is one of my favorite franchises, and this game brings that good puzzle feeling back to the table. If you want a challenge (and great bews physics), get this."
,Recommended,530890,25864255,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,"The over the shoulder camera does not work well with the platforming element of this game, and this game is mostly platforming. You will not jump towards the thing you are aiming at, but instead have to aim to the side of the intended landing point, it's extremely awkward. Nice♥♥♥♥♥tho.Edit:OK I actually can't stop playing this. There is something about it. Boobs, probably. I'm starting to wonder if it's not the reticule thats off, but the fact that the character has a turning circle. Rather than turn on a dime she sort of walks around in a circle for some reason. Maybe the dev couldn't figure out how to animate a turn? So they just had her walk round in a little circle instead. Makes it a real pain to line your jumps up.Now that I'm getting used to the clunky controlls this game is kinda fun.Crashed once when trying to figure out how the inventory works and open the first purple door,so game could do with a few patches and updates, maybe wait for those before you buy.I get about 150 fps on my system,the download time was increadibly fast, only a few seconds."
76561198076687119,Recommended,530890,25896525,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,boppin gloppin,"GeneralHaydee is a 3D puzzle platformer complete with collectable items, limited saves, and TPS combat. Remininscent of Portal in terms of level design, Haydee is, well, fun.GameplayAs you traverse the different rooms for the first time, some may find it annoying with the lack of controls or tutorial screen given at the game's start. That is because the level design is meant to teach the player how to overcome the obstacle. The levels will teach you how far you can fall safely, what effects your ability to climb, etc. It is nice to see a game that shows all this without a ""mandatory"" tutorial screen with a wall of text to read.Other than the platforming, there is gunplay to be had. However, ammo will be sparce at times so finding and exploiting enemy weak points is essential. Nothing else really to say here: if you've played a TPS game before, the gunplay should seem familiar (if not a little slower paced.)What I HatedWIth the game's lack of direction it can often feel confusing and at times frustrating. It usually was just due to me not looking hard enough, but sometimes I couldn't find something without the use of a walkthrough. The game does a good job at explaining most things, yes, but hitting a button in one room that opens a door a few rooms back isn't obvious to the player unless they intentionally check every room they've been in to look for a change. I'm too sure if this is a fault of the game or simply myself, the player, so that argument can be left to your interpretation.What About Haydee ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)Yeah, Haydee herself is robotic eye-candy. Nothing wrong there. Some people might lose their♥♥♥♥♥♥over it but I see no issue. Never really thought I'd see robo-tiddies in a game, so, that's a plus I guess.VerdictHaydee earns a 9/10. Solid gameplay, no glitches, ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°), and fluid controls. I personally found some puzzles confusing, but that's just the subjective side talking. Give Haydee a try: I'll be worth your time."
,Recommended,530890,31142003,Posted: 14 April,all,Raviente,"Haydee is a nice laydee.This is, believe it or not, a solid game, if you can get over the fact that the protagonist is blatantly sexualized. I mean, do you play games for gameplay or spend time ♥♥♥♥♥ing about video games on online forums instead of playing them for once?Haydee is a platforming puzzle shooter with some challenging elements of survival and resource management right down to ""typewriter"" save points that require you to use finite ink ribbons in the form of floppy disks just to make saves, making you plan your saves with very limited chances to or waste them all like I have on various playthroughs, making satisfying saves far between.With its resource management and puzzle/platforming action, Haydee reminds me of the original Tomb Raider games with a mixture of Resident Evil's limited inventory space, not to mention the tough enemies that can nearly kill you in 1-2 hits (on Hardcore difficulty - which as far as I know only changes the health/damage output).If you can get by the protagonist and put on your big boy pants, Haydee is a game worth playing. It doesn't hurt to have a protagonist like her in video games every now and again.ps. Her bimbo-style run animation is hilarious."
76561198080193622,Recommended,530890,35255246,Posted: 27 September,all,Gamer DudeZX,After a day of messing around with the game and using my controller I actually like the game. So I am changing a thumbs down to a thumbs up. Why? Well the controlls are hard to master but part way in you can save the game and I like the puzzle part to figure out. I am learning as I go and that booty is helping.
,Recommended,530890,25730357,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Rezulux,"An incredibly difficult yet still very fair third-person-survival-platformer where almost every room feels like its own puzzle, including the way you dispatch enemies and collect items. Every second of combat needs to be taken very seriously, as even a small mistake could cost you a huge chunk of time, thanks to the game limiting your ability to save with both deliberately placed save points AND requiring you to find consumable disk items to use at the save points. It's a satisfying experience, punishing you only for your own mistakes, and rewarding you when you're able to triumph over whatever hurdles the game puts in your way.Oh, and there's cyborg tiddies. 11/10, GOTY."
,Recommended,530890,29624366,Posted: 1 February,all,BaronBrixius,"I love and hate this game. Every death was my fault. Many jumps require near-pinpoint accuracy, but they're still fair because you are forced to learn how to time perfect jumps to complete the tutorial, the first jump in the game is very quick to retry again an again.Most death traps in the game can be avoided or predicted by paying attention to the enviroment, many triggers will spawn enemies from trapdoors in the ceiling, or from other doors. Though sometimes enemies do appear from thin air, I never felt like I couldn't avoid a death by simply being prepared for a trap to spring.And Haydee herself; she's just perfect for how the game is designed. Well, if you're going to be staring at a character's body throughout the game it might as well be a good body, right? That was rhetorical.Now, here's a short summary of the 3 parts of Haydee: Platforming, puzzle solving, and combat.There's nothing noteworthy to say about the combat aspect, it's not bad, but it's not really great either.Platforming is generally easy to do and quick to learn the more tricky jumps, slipping up is usually punished by death.Puzzles are not too complicated, but often require key items to progress after the first few.I don't have anything negative to say about the game that wouldn't be just nitpicking, it's a good game if you want a challenge, but it can become frustrating if you're not necessarily skilled enough. The price is okay for what's being offered, and the workshop adds even more.Edit:Music's good, it isn't distracting and it's nice to listen to as you wander around."
,Recommended,530890,31109247,Posted: 12 April,all,Shatteredvisions,Very challenging.  If you even play the game for that reason XD.  For the price I think it's worth every penny.
,Recommended,530890,28728773,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,P Durgen Flurgen,I've played this game for 20 minutes and have concluded two things.1. One of the hardest games I've played2. Found one of the best asses in gaming ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561197960525299,Recommended,530890,29395393,Posted: 21 January,all,juno973,The only Puzzle game that will leave you fapping
,Recommended,530890,25760612,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Eilibex,"(This is my attempt at reviewing without spoiling much of the puzzles and environment. Sorry if its not helpful D:)Haydee is a mix of Platformer and Puzzle games, with a bit of Third Person shooter added in for the additional challenge (though it provides little benefit for the Puzzle or Platformer parts)You play as a cybernetic large breasted woman, which seems to be going through a series of rooms and puzzles as a test or challenge to value their worth, judging by the number of other dead models you encounter as you make your way through (lets not comment on how these dont make sense in the grand scheme of things, but function as lore only.)  The reward for completion? Unknown. The motivation you have to move through rooms and solve puzzles is nothing but to find out what is on the other side of that elusive door you place next in your order of progression. And thats the fun bit. With the exception of areas requiring certain items, there is no specific place you must go before another. Compounded with the immense number of rooms, and the paths that spiderweb and weave between them, you are given a map that is as confusing as it is complex.Pros:+The controls are simple. Aim, Shoot, Inventory, Quickslots, Upward motion, Downward Motion, General movement, Reload.+The map is complex and immersive. With many doors leading to potentially anywhere, be it a new area, a shortcut back to a previous one, or a secret area, you will always have a reason to search and explore.+It aint kidding when it says Hardcore. The puzzles are long and complex. The combat is designed to be simple yet precision focused, and there are no autosaves. Be careful with those limited save items you have! It will punish every mistake you make.+The graphics, while unimpressive, suit the game perfectly. Removing any unnecessary fluff in the visuals allows every part of what you see to contribute somewhat to the puzzles or environment, without striving for any sort of absolute realism.+Finding a new item is like finding 100 bucks in a spare pocket. You suddenly have a wealth of options delivered to you to which to make use of this item with, and you have no idea where to start.Cons.-Haydee moves sort of heavily (not talking about her♥♥♥♥♥♥, but for the most part can be worked around by using aiming to make your movements more precise.-You can spend a lot of time making little progression, but due to a lack of any sort of direction you have little indication about such. You can waste a lot of save tickets on little work, simply because you spent a large amount of time roaming and dont want to do it again.-Compounded with the above issue, you have little indication of how common save tickets are, even though early on you find a decent few from exploration, and then suddenly run dry once those are gone. It results in a challenge that is more frustrating than rewarding in those situations.-Some traps are pretty cheap. Most are pretty easily visible to see coming if you take a look around before you push on, but sometimes its almost on the level of Sonic with how little warning or indication of what will happen and when. It incentivises saving after every little bit of progression, which doesnt help with the lack of save tickets.-One small benefit would have been to properly indicate that you have to go butt first to hang from a ledge, but at the moment its sort of poorly indicated, which could result in a few deaths from experimentation early on. Not a big issue, but could be a turn off for other people.This all combines together into a long, challenging series of puzzles which benefits more from starting a second run through once youve got a hang of things, than simply pushing on. Its an absolute beauty to play, and the only real disadvantage i can see it having is you have to explain it to people when they ask you what its about. Then you sound weird for staring at a pixel butt and bouncing boobs for hours on end. ""its about the gameplay, i swear!""9/10"
,Recommended,530890,25814270,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Yiven,"I'll admit - The game has it's ups and downs. I'll try to avoid spoilers here!Pros:Sexy robot lady to play as.VERY difficult if you're not on guard.Makes you actually have to think.It never ceases to take the chance to murder your hot robutt, keeping you on your toes.Relatively straightforward gameplay.Cons:Robots may pop out of nowhere.The camera position (Both shoulders) can be a bit off for aiming. (Seriously, her boobs have gotten in the way of my shot multiple times)No maps/instructions/help of ANY kind. (Which can be a very good thing too. I know it's intended, but come on! Give us something here.Sometimes crashes when using items (For me)Items are very scarce, and if you aren't careful you'll absolutely mess yourself up in the long run. (Looking at you save diskettes! >:v)The controls are at times clunky (I have gotten used to it. But the movement does feel a little limited at first)Over all, I'd say it is quite worth it. Not just for the sexy robot butt (You can find that for free on the internet, anyway), but for challenging play, something to occupy your time, eyecandy and your daily dose of rage from that unfair death, when you haven't saved in a while. :^) The game can be agitating, even in the tutorial level, but if you keep at it you'll get there.One word of advice for people who know they're going to buy it or are just starting out: Look to the flawless tutorial guide. No items missed, no health lost, and five diskettes. YOU WILL NEED THAT HEADSTART. ESPECIALLY THE BODY ARMOR."
,Recommended,530890,28918647,Posted: 1 January,all,Fore,Hey lookA butt
,Recommended,530890,26126250,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Techbane,"Haydee is a game about a (series of) cheesecake cyborg(s) attempting to maneuver through a gauntlet of hostile robots, death traps, and puzzle rooms. A significant portion of the game is deliberately dickish ""gotcha"" moments, trial and error, dying, redoing your lost progress, and backtracking through a rather mazelike series of rooms with no navigational aid. These are all perfectly valid reasons to dislike the game; if you're easily frustrated you may well hate it. If you're looking for an excuse to be triggered I have no doubt you'll find it. (It's 2016, if you're not finding something to be vocally offended about on a daily basis you're not doing it right.)If you're the type to spend extended periods ogling disproportionatehardwareand/or don't mind playing something designed on some very oldschool sensibilities, it's a pretty solid game with a camera clearly designed around giving you every possible opportunity to scope chunky cyborg butt cleavage (whether you like it or not). A hard game, but solid. Joke if you will, much as I did myself, but where the devs could've slapped together another sorry excuse for greenlight shovelware to peddle their viral mascot to technosexuals, they put some earnest effort into it and, perplexingly, I find myself enjoying it."
,Recommended,530890,28248144,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Thevious,"I am enjoting this game, and enjoy the puzzles greatly. i get a bit mad, but after stairing at the character for a bit, in ready to give it the 20th try."
,Recommended,530890,28209359,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,bararaikaKugari,"I bought this game cause of the difficult puzzles.........believe me, that was the reason."
,Recommended,530890,32637987,Posted: 22 June,all,Delifresh,"do you like butts? then this game will probably entertain you for a while. do you like tricky platforming and complex puzzles... AND butts? then you'll really like this game. plays in 3rd person, and the camera somehow manages to always center on the protagonist's rear (which, figures, is always in a very revealing position). also offers character customization via the workshop, so if you want more (or less) donk in your face there's that too. has a higher difficulty for more challenge (tougher enemies and less resources) and has some nice ambient music and cool level design (very similar to portal). give this a try, certainly worth the $15 price tag but if you're hesitant you can wait until it's on sale or something."
,Recommended,530890,25934898,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,๖ۣۜAmmolite ๖ۣۜStar,"The only thing I think I would personally change about the game is maybe have some kind of lore-friendly hints added in some manner. Such as rooms you might find in such facilities that would have a room probably dedicated to either holding files or manuels or both and then some. And the only reason I would really add this is because at times the feeling of being lost because of missing one little spot or not knowing about the existence of an item you need can get a 'tad' tiresome. Beyond that however I love pretty much everything that is this game; The gameplay is wonderful in my opinion, the controls are nice, the mix of puzzles and enemies actually gives me a sense of immersion in the situation our seemingly lost robot has been dropped into, and if nothing else this game definitly does a good job of filling an empty space/itching a scratch many probably have from waiting for Half Life 3 or Portal 3 with the setting it has."
76561198166199734,Recommended,530890,26448650,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,GREEN MONSTER,"A genuinely challenging shooter/puzzle/survival game, where you play as the so-called cheesecake cyborg. Apart from the NSFW mod content you can acquire to make her more human, the learning curve is steep and you will die. A lot. Nevertheless a very smart and very sexy game. The only con I'd have is a lack of back story. Shame."
,Recommended,530890,28657379,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,milf official,"this game is /legitimately/ good, completely ignoring the ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. it's hard to explain why, exactly, but it's just an extremely good, solid exploration game."
76561198055630647,Recommended,530890,28174027,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,jagsbarr1986,"Really entertaining game with a lot of creative puzzle solving. A lot of cautious thinking is required to solve puzzles, conserving med kits/ammo and taking out enemies. Have to say the few tweaks the developers made improved the gameplay. The controls are a lot smoother than they were in the demo. Now with the workshop open it only adds to the games fun factor. With new outfit mods it allows the player to customize Haydee to their liking."
,Recommended,530890,25828266,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Corvus Dementire,"It's a metroidvania that plays like all the PS1 Resident evil and Tomb raider games with modern combat mechanics like in Resident evil 4 and the like. It has Portal's aesthetic and quite a bit of annoying jumpscares, where robots will spawn behind you and you die in like 3-4 hits on easy. Still it is so far a quite fulfilling experience. It has no map or any meaningful gameplay hints at all, so I took it upon myself to draw a map on paper, which is quite fun.Tip: Check EVERY dark corner of the rooms, look down EVERY edge of bottomless pits, aim for the head and learn to accept failure."
,Recommended,530890,28729520,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,High in sugar,"Very, VERY challenging! I would not recommend for people who aren't very patient. In other words, it took me a while to beat the tutorial. Over all Great game! I didn't play it long myself though."
,Recommended,530890,25772721,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,BlackFire,"Seriously this is one of the most entretaining games I've played in my life.The last time I felt like that for a game was playing Portal 1 and 2.The game has just the right amount of challenge, forcing you to be very careful with every step you take, and to save your resounces (including the save, which is an item that is limited)The puzzles are great, normally in puzzle games there are times that when I get stuck, I look for walkthroughs, but not with this game, the struggle was good and not frustrating.The background music really adds a ""Portal"" atmosphere to the game which I loved it.This game was an unique experience that I'll never forget. I wish there were more games like this."
,Recommended,530890,25772010,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Remixer1993,"From my first impressions on this game, it isn't bad.  Far from it, it's actually really good.  I do have a few complaints with the very VERY few saves (wish you could start with 10 instead of 5 because it'd be a bit more player friendly to start with), and some somewhat loose controls for my like.  Other than that, and the character being Baroness Sexy McSexypants, it's not a bad game and I enjoy it.  And i'm not even saying the character's design is bad, I personally enjoy how a game company made the character super sexualized with how game companies today are being pressured by the stupid SJW retoric.  Really though, I'd wait for a price drop if you aren't into super hardcore games.  If you are into super hardcore games though, the price tag for it is worth the money I say."
,Recommended,530890,25746468,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Kalomire,"Came for the robot, stayed for the gameplayA hard and unforgiving game that doesnt pull its punches. limited saves and ammo, tricky enemies, presice platforming and brain scratching puzzles is where most of the challenge comes from. The game for the most part is fair, if you die, in most cases its your fault.It feels somewhat nice to play a game that doesnt hold your hand and feed you victories."
,Recommended,530890,25932270,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,kddddddd,"This game combines all the top games' features:+super hot girl ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)+climate <3+calm ambient music+shooting+parkour+difficulty (doesn't excuse mistakes)+puzzles and constant thinking+horror factors+modding ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)One of my favorite games, totally recommended, 10/10!"
,Recommended,530890,33574749,Posted: 15 July,all,Hawk the Punslinger,"Pre-review tl;drA greatly sexualized hybrid robot as the object, the player must solve very surprisingly well-engineered puzzles to gain new equipment, tools, and weapons. Very strict reservation of resources is required, or else the game will come to an end due to running out of ammo, not enough save discs, etc.I rate a very satisfied 8.5/10 and would highly recommend this game to anyone either looking for a bored wank, or a highly-strategic puzzle game incorperating third-person-shooter and platformer mechanics.Full, in-depth reviewT H I C Cmemes and softcare porn out of the way, I'm really impressed and ultimately surprised with the content of Haydee.Haydee is a very simple, admittedly clunky control scheme and the gameplay is about the same. From the title art, screenshots, and demo video alone, the player expects a shallow fanservice-oriented game that loses interest after 5 hours of playtime. however reality is just the opposite.After the ""tutorial"" chamber this game shows some impressive puzzles, as it's a puzzle game with third-person shooter and platformer mechanics. In some cases therearecases where a guide is needed to see where to go unless you as the player are insanely observant, but otherwise generally all goals are within view and the tools in order to solve a puzzle are layed out. If that isn't the case, each new tool the player encounters is so dynamic and interesting that it's obvious in an area when a new tool is required.The puzzles presented are often designed around player placement and item placement after a specific set of actions occur. During puzzles there's usually a lot of back-and-forth, requiring finesse and control from the player in order to avoid fall damage, death, or traps, giving the puzzles an extra element of challenge.Enemies also present a great threat throughout Haydee. The two types (aside from player error) are the fast, low-health, and light-hitting ""Slasher"", and the slow, high-health, and heavy-hitting, ""Walker"". They're both simple archeatypes with easily discernable features (Walkers being tankier as opposed to Slashers being more lithe), yet add a great deal to the gameplay and require great priority-placement from the player as well as quick reaction times in some cases.Resources in this game are uncommon, ergo rationing is a quintessential point in Haydee. Running out ofanyitem whether it be ammunition, medkits, save discs, or patience will offer an extremely low chance of winning on that save profile. This puts a very interesting feel into Haydee that most games don't have: stressful saves. In any other game with checkpoints, seeing that little ""game saved"" symbol in the corner of the screen is a gracious release of stress. In Haydee, saving is always a gamble without knowing what challenges lie ahead. Missing any amount of shots can be a massive trouble to how the rest of the game goes as well. Headshots thankfully do double damage, but missing too many altogether can also lead to a fruitless game save depending on how many enemies are still ahead.-Edit-COMPLETIONISM IS WELL-REWARDED. I can't say this enough- EXPLORE EVERYTHING. All spare ammo stocks, medkits, access PDAs, tools-everything- is hidden, and the player must search for it, or else chances of success fall to almost nill. Be absolutely sure to check every single nook and cranny of each area in the map at any given chance, and you might just find something you've been in dire need of.-End of Edit-Overall, this game blew my expectations out of the water and straight into the upper stratosphere. As said in the pre-review tl;dr, I rate this game a very satisfied and wonderfully surprised 8.5/10 and would recommend this to anyone looking for some new 'material', or a fantastically-engineered puzzle game that requires critical thinking, roundabout problem-solving skills, and a great challenge."
,Recommended,530890,31129458,Posted: 13 April,all,更暗 (Dárker),"It's a really good puzzler with a really nice creepy atmosphere, deep outfit customization (no face mods just yet for human Haydee), but I do have a problem with how it does some things.It prides itself in ""no handholding"" but the way it does the ""no handholding thing"" is by confusing you to tiredness with strange systems such as the saving system, no button commands tutorial to teach you the buttons (it's pretty annoying to have to go into the controller settings fifteen times because you forgot how to swim downwards) and a very slow process to respawn. You have to reload a level manually because there is no game over screen, which makes it all feel kind of unintuitive and tiring.I have played ""no handholding"" and ""you gon die a lot"" kind of games such as Dark Souls and Meat Boy to exhaustion, and I adore them all because while Dark Souls doesn't blatantly tell you where to go, it still bothers to show you the buttons. Also Meat Boy has a really short respawn time, which makes dying not an unenjoyable experience. Devs, if you're reading this, you should take some cues from those two games, they know how to do ""hard and frustrating, learn through trial and error"" an enjoyable experience.While I do really like this game a lot (LOOK AT THAT RACK MY ♥♥♥♥♥, NO HUMAN COULD EVER LIFT THOSE PUPPIES, SO WE GOT A ROBOT TO DO IT), it still has got a couple of things to polish so that it's a perfect puzzler that can sit next to Portal and The Talos Principle in the 3D puzzler pantheon, as the sexy, big bosomed princess godess that it deserves to be. Gonna keep playing it for a while, oh yes I will."
,Recommended,530890,33903211,Posted: 30 July,all,Fest,"Really fun metroivania, quite hard too. Interesting puzzles, lots of exploring (and getting lost) and limited saving. Sometimes quite frustrating, but fun nonetheless."
76561198000608773,Recommended,530890,31541477,Posted: 4 May,all,Fluff-E-Kitty,"Its one of thoes games where you have to panic whenyour freind askes to play, moreso becasue you forget what clothing you have on on startup.the game itself is intersting past the boobs and butt, but the controls could use work.the moding for it is however rather awsome, and I do recomnd the one that gives you more saves."
,Recommended,530890,26055103,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,❤FoxLove❤,"What in other games would be considered as a secret passage here is just a normal way of progressing through the game.And it's not like Haydee is too hard. It's hard enough to keep things interesting. In fact, Haydee in a lot of ways illustrates how game design should be done: mechanics are introduced through application without any hand-holding, game puts you in situations where you can think for yourself.There are lots of traps, but if you check your environment, you wouldn't fall for them.There are ****loads of ammo boxes/save disketts, but you have to find them (even on hardcore difficulty you have more than enough).levels might be a tad bit hard to navigate through, but they aren't big enough so you would need a map (arguably so for the Red/Dark zone. If the whole game was like this — yeah, we'd need a map).Fall damage is somewhat too punishing for a game, but quite reasonable so: you take damage for falling from heights higher than your own. Hard to get used to, when you accustomed to leaping from buildings without any concequences.The only gripes I have with this game are:1) Rooms with a lot of jumping from platform to platform. Those are reeeeeaaaaally annoying, because you have to pull yourself on every single edge. Absolutely unnecessary waste of time. Breaks the flow too.2) Item slots. There are four of them. Four!!! This is beyond ridiculous. Especially for a PC game. Even console games have radial menus or something similar for item selection.TL;DR:Very strong puzzle-platformer. Totally worth a buy."
76561197987437066,Recommended,530890,25719887,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,TimDawg,"I had low expectation for this game, but to my surprised, It's actually pretty good, and well worth the 15 bucks. You'll need strong precision to map out the areas. It's not kidding when it said it wont hold your hand. It's very challenging. items and ammo are limited, use them wisely. And who doesn't love the booty.But before you play go to the forums on ""gamplay Tips"", then maybe your first achv wont be ""Welcome to... Haydee"".Speaking of forum, my word the salt level is high. It's your typical feminist/sjw/tumblr mindset type of complaining as you may already guess (salty of anything that straight men like), they certainly don't keep things to themselves. That's been very apparent for years. They always have to express how much better, pure and moral they are. sounds familiar doesn't, throughout history? They like to act tough but they're not. The funniest thing about these people, when you defend a game/comic/etc like this. They accuse you for being obsessive over it, when they were the ones obsessing about in the first place.When you dealing with someone with a moral superiority complex, you know your dealing with people who have no joy in life, and take themselves way too seriously."
76561198174456027,Recommended,530890,28021503,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DandyAss,"hmmm.... boobs calm me down, but those those damned hostile robots rile me up9/10 would rage quit with a boner again"
,Recommended,530890,25774002,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Zoron246,"I posted a review the day of release but gave no recommendation since the game on release had bugged up controller support. I mentioned in the original review that when fixed I would change it to a recommendation instead.The game in itself if your like me and have been dumbed down by how mind numbingly simple most games are and have slowly damaged our problem solving skills over time. I find games like this satisfying when you finally figure out something and have a ""oh yeaaaah"" moment of realization. Lots of trial and error and if you dont respond quick enough or your reflexes are just plain crap then a robot might pop out from no where and beat your♥♥♥♥♥ Personally I have to take a break after that happens because I start getting nervous as when I first played a psychological horror game. Anyhoo the game is pretty good and most people who whine about this game are those who complain that sexualized characters and such are ruining the game industy even though there were full damn porn games since the old atari days. The game itself is a solid game with minimal bugs on my end besides the day one controller bug. Its frustrating, difficult, nerve recking, and satisfying when you manage to make it further. Just be sure to aim your ammo where it counts, learned that the hard way."
,Recommended,530890,25739088,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Doctor Fudge,"""Moron""I haven't had a game make fun of me for being bad at it in a very long time.I can't tell you how inexplicably happy that made me to see, as an achievement, when I couldn't figure out the first bloody jump three times in a row (I got it, though.)I can tell this game is going to kick my♥♥♥♥♥later on.8/10, GG, Haydee.Also that robot got a fat booty so that's just fantastic.EDIT:Alright, so, having played a bit more, I do have some gripes.The camera should be controllable. Binding scroll wheel to a zoom in/out function would solve a lot of problems. I did find out you can press C to swap the camera between left and right, so there's that. Plus its position as being very far to the right or left of Haydee makes some platforming a little trickier than it would have been otherwise.Haydee's butt is fairly low-poly, but the developer said in a discussion that he'll probably update it.That's about all, really."
,Recommended,530890,31070290,Posted: 10 April,all,Huge Mistake,Yo this game is actually good.
,Recommended,530890,25792543,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Saki Yanase,"This game is honestly a lot of fun, there are some design flaws that can be a little annoying, but with patience I honestly think most people will truly enjoy this game.. As a disclaimer  It's pretty intense and nerve-wracking at times, so be prepared for the scares!Would recommend ^^"
76561198045234824,Recommended,530890,25716759,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,sascomander,Haydee is an interesting game from some game studio in Russa ( I love you russia). The character design is rather weird compared to other game characters who are usually have skinny builds. But Haydee is different featuring larger porportions than most. They remind me of a girl I knew in school. What terrible memories the developers have given me since I hated school. The character is a bit weird in being mostly a robot with Human style leggs and I think Robot high heels idk.The game is a 3rd person puzzle style game with camera angles sort of like Resident evil 4/5. You mostly run around jumping and climbing. There is some combat as you do fnd a pistol to shoot these weird combat robots.The game hasnt really told me what the story is. But there is a picture of a naked larger that short of looks like Haydee when she wasnt a cyborg maybe. So maybe this factory is kidnapping women and turning them into these robots as there are multiple robots found around the rooms. Maybe they are being forced to run a gauntlet.A further review of the character.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90rHFreKjvs
76561198089843987,Recommended,530890,25834694,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Kuroda Nakamura,"-Got lured in by booty bait. Regret nothing-Stared at dat body for like an hour. Regret nothing-Played the game, and actually liked the challenge. Regret nothing.-Went on discussions, found nude mod, installed. Regret nothing.-Tried playing game with one hand; mental note: hard to play game with one hand. Regret nothing.-Mom walks into room and sees naked fembot with massive♥♥♥♥♥♥flopping around. Looks me in the eye and tells me she is disappointed in me. Regret nothing10/10 would regret nothing again."
76561198001590332,Not Recommended,530890,33808454,Posted: 26 July,all,Silver,"Believe what you read.  This game is indeed hardcore.  There are no autosaves, no saving at will and no checkpoints.  If you are a casual gamer who likes these features in modern games, I recommend avoiding Haydee.If you consider yourself a hardcore gamer, this game may be right up your alley."
,Recommended,530890,25715135,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Cerebral_Discharge,"It's... surprisingly, not bad. I don't even really know what to say about it. I saw that rediculous character and bought it expecting to refund it after discovering they were trying to sell a broken game with those giant boobs but I actually like the mechanics. I haven't played very much so maybe it gets terrible but I've enjoyed it so far.I'm clicking recommend becuase this is a positive review but I don't know that I'd go so far as to recommend it to strangers. It's not the next Portal or Metroid or whatever it's trying to be but don't write it off entirely.Review Update: I really like this same. It sometimes falls on the wrong side of hard and unfair but the Metroidvania aspects are cool and I like the save system."
76561197992288442,Recommended,530890,25714314,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,ShadowNetBG,"The Pros:+ Interesting puzzles and platforming, if you spot a hidden ledge, you can probably climb it and find another path.+ Rewards exploration, backtracking and careful approach. It's been long since I felt genuine fun doing these things in a game.+ Feels overall pretty well made and optimized. Also instant load times.+ The plot is bouncy, putting the weeb games to shame.The Cons:- Lack of animations for doors/platforms, changes happen instantly and you might end up pressing a button multiple times to see what happens.- No &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;-ness slider. (!important!)"
,Recommended,530890,28319504,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Timber,Ａｙｙ，　Ｈａｙｄｅｅ＇ｓ　ｐｒｅｔｔｙ　ｇｏｏｄ！
76561198168937388,Recommended,530890,28173149,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Mr_Mustachieo,"It got big tiddehs, ♥♥♥♥♥ she♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ *clears throat* i mean, its a very fun puzzle game."
76561198071353409,Recommended,530890,29532938,Posted: 27 January,all,Fantastic Plastic,Totally captures the essence of having big boobs. I should know.  I struggle with them!10/10 rofl
76561198050782592,Recommended,530890,25988849,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Tykenn,"♥♥♥♥♥aside this is actually an amazing puzzle game, and the platforming isn't bad like people say it is. I have had no problem quickly jumping from one platform to another. I feel like a lot of hate stems from the fact that this is a sexualised game, which in all fairness it doesn't hide. There's even a censor mode in the options for people who don't want to see anything of the sort; which is enabled by default I might add.For most people this is a game that will draw you in with the sexualised character, but will keep you playing for the gem of  puzzler hidden underneath."
,Recommended,530890,26515362,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Catmints,this game was fun the charicter was a little to busty but the puzzles were chalanging and it was fun to move from each room this game is a little unaprechiated for what it is and i would 100% recommened it to anyone i could
,Recommended,530890,25990538,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,GeneralLC,"I'll let you know when I've finished it, but damn. Got drawn in for the boobs, and I'm all in for the gameplay. I've not come across a more fun 3d platformer that hits everything I like in a game. A Portal/Mirrors edge aesthetic, combined with a Resident Evil styled shooter, with a Nintendo-level difficulty. 10/10 satisfying as ♥♥♥♥"
76561197970701637,Recommended,530890,26543074,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,shedofjoy,"Not a bad game, just the lack of ability to grab anything. you will find it annoying when you spend hundreds of restarts from the beginning because you have died from some stupid crouch turn and hope that haydee falls and grabs the edge, this is not down to skill but shear luck, im now suitable annoyed by this shallow style of die and start from the begining because of stupid death rather than skill or puzzles.... if you like restarting games from the beginning over and over again this is for you."
,Recommended,530890,29148056,Posted: 9 January,all,Vague Discomfort,We both know why I bought this game and why you're considering buying it.Robots are cool. AI's are cool.Also massive T'N'A factor.Now if only I could get through the tutorial room for drop grabbing onto ledges. JESUS CHRIST THIS ONE PARTICULAR MECHANIC IS SO UNNECESSARILY DIFFICULT.6/10
76561198043859711,Not Recommended,530890,25764642,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Häagen-Dazs,"The GoodDecided to give this game a go after playing the demo. The puzzles are great and fun to solve. The character/character is good looking, but an afterthought about 5-10 minutes into the game.The BadMy issue with the game and why I don't recommend it is simply because I don't have the time in my life to progress through this game by trial-and-error. Especially when there are moments when the game throws in a death out of nowhere. I died by just walking towards a door; It was an invisible laser, a bug, or something else. It had been 30 minutes since I last saved. Normally that wouldn't be too bad since I can get back to where I was relatively quickly, but since the game/character is slow by design it makes it more of a drag than necessary.The VerdictIf you are good enough at puzzle games to get through this one without dying then I would recommend this game to you. However if you are like me and don't appreciate having the last 30 minutes to an hour go up in smoke, and unfortunately don't have that much time on your hands then I would stay away from this one for now. Maybe when I have more time to handle random deaths and the trial-and-error nature of this game I will give it another go."
,Recommended,530890,31143534,Posted: 14 April,all,Kashou,THIS GAME IS SO ♥♥♥♥ING DIFFICULT!! ugghh it's a good game though just.. rage inducing sometimes.
76561198104169667,Recommended,530890,25947778,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Diyavol,"Just buy this game and play. Haydee is one of the most beautiful and harder games all times. Oldschool style gameplay, no compass, no map, no aid... you are your own exploring and finishing the game with qualified control schematic(this is too important for me). Rules are simple; be vigilant, be sharp, be patient, be curious, be romantic, be good and you will prevail or not  :)"
,Recommended,530890,25827810,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,PillsStealer,"More than meets the♥♥♥♥♥ I mean eye...Haydee is an interesting game with a unique gameplay.I love games that make you explore the unknow rooms of a mysterious building. Finding ammo, first aid kits and even a crowbar! This game is difficult and will require you to think outside the box a lot of times.I highly recommend it to people who enjoy puzzles"
76561198085077988,Recommended,530890,25720433,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kyon,"Cons-This game is hard--Like, really hard, woah---Like, I spent an hour in a room without knowing I didn't have the right item----Because I didn't notice a small hole in the ceiling or ledge I could jump and hang off of-The game doesn't tell you that you can crouch away from a ledge to lower yourselfsafely-Bungling a action for any reason can screw you over big time-Saves are far and few inbetween, leading to a lot of time wasted if you die at all-Falling damage can eat half your health, even if it's just barely over the threshold-No map, so if you're not smart like me, you'll get disoriented a lot-You have to navigate blindly in the darkness sometimes, which is scary as ballsPros+The booty too strong"
,Recommended,530890,28017657,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,ILikeH8@^ | XXX.,Thick.
76561198046292142,Recommended,530890,27312420,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Cheik the Mr.Raccoon,"i swear, i've buy it for the puzzles."
,Recommended,530890,26187665,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Numskull,"Who ever wanted portal esque style with a bit titted robot will be pleased with this game, The T&A makes up for the dull game play 8/10"
76561198081051429,Recommended,530890,28338118,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Single Because I Touch Kids,Pretty Dank
,Recommended,530890,25785413,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[OvO]wl,"There should be more games like this. Some for girls too with men - if that's what they want :)Yes this is a good game the Simple Harmonic Motion is perfect - boys you know what I mean, the graphics otherwise are great, there's a couple of polygons on Haydee's♥♥♥♥♥that need to be smoothed out, but not much. Additionally her thighs and glutes don't wobble adequately for my liking.The game itself is fine. OpenAL32 didn't install by default. If the game loads up, but doesn't start when you click on it, go to:C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\HaydeeAnd double click on launcher. If you see an error about OpenAL32 being missing, then either download it from the official website(https://www.openal.org/downloads/)or look in the common components directory somewhere in one of the subdirectories and install it.I got stuck with controls, I couldn't work out how to drop down onto a ledge. It's face away from the ledge and double tap crouch. This isn't clear in the controls menu - maybe it should be?Great game, I like it a lot. Developers, I want skins. By skins, I really mean nudity, baby oiled thighs, different physiques (thighs maybe 20% thicker), cameltoes, tights, lycra, hotpants, nipple tassles, orange peel, all that kind of stuff10/10 would bust my balls on this puzzle game again."
,Not Recommended,530890,35253865,Posted: 27 September,all,Karl-Otto Alberty,"Limited number of saves even in the damn tutorial, what does that mean? Im discouraged from saving and only able to save at certain spots. Well i certainly dont mind saving at only specific spots but its going to cost me everytime i want to save my progress and time? so i  didnt save during the tutorial because hey i might need those on some more difficult levels and so i got everything and literaly got to the end of the tutorial purple door and the game crashes..... wow.... this is why i dont need to be shunned for saving my damn game."
,Recommended,530890,34050288,Posted: 5 August,all,Pyro-San,"A Shakepearean Taketh on Haydee's BreastsUpon first starting thy puzzles in Haydee, thee cometh avouch it to his head with thy main leadeth, Haydee. And mine, doth thee see a gross amount of that lady. The lady's breasts and buttocks on display as the lady hides the visage of herself behind a white mask that conveys a want of emotion. And as thee start playing as Haydee thee cometh acustom to that lady bouncing beauties on that lady's chest. The two supple breasts galloping like wild horse through a field, those gents moveth such as the wind wast blowing past those folk. And while I may sound perverted at at which hour I sayeth these things about our beloved lady, I am simply speaking of what I see, and I see a Sheba clad in a white leotard making that lady beautes bounce like tomorrow isn't real."
,Not Recommended,530890,29130374,Posted: 8 January,all,thundr51,"Game is ""interesting"" but it's mostly a master class on annoying the player and solid proof that sex sells.(just look at all the positive reviews).  Don't use logic playing this game as it doesn't work here.  A lot of the reviews here say ""It doesn't hold your hand"" and they're right. The problem is that you basically have to learn everything by dying.  Push the wrong button, and you die, reload.  Go the wrong direction, you die, reload.  The character you play with looks like an android, but guess what happens when you get in some water.  No, you don't die, but stay under water too long and guess what you do die, with no indication that you're drowning.  The devs give you this sandbox to explore but if you don't follow their rules (which they don't tell you) you are punished by dying.  I don't recommend this game unless you just want to fool around with mods/TnA and get it cheap on sale Otherwise, spend your time elsewhere."
,Recommended,530890,29557992,Posted: 28 January,all,VestalTempest,T H I C C
,Recommended,530890,29404717,Posted: 21 January,all,benio.,"Warning:Keep away from feminists and Tumblr users.(Seriously.Those people only complain about protagonist's body...)But if you really want to recommend Haydee to anyone that doesn't like NSFW content,tell them to subscribe this first.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=813689604&searchtext="
76561198007793081,Not Recommended,530890,31208332,Posted: 17 April,all,stryker2600,"Bit clunky of an interface. The worst part is the fact that they limit the number of times you can save on a disk and where you can save your game. It can be understandable about the where, to make it more challenging. But limiting the number of saves per floppy disk is just stupid. If you save your game more than once at the beginning, your floppy disk apparently runs out of space and disappears so can't save your game before you enter the next challenging/jump level. So you end up going back to the prior save location, which is quite a ways back and have to do everything all over again to get the chance to make the jump.Did I mention that the interface is a bit clunky? So failing to run and jump ends up in a missed landing and death, which causes you to go back to the last saved game way, way back and get to redo all the running & tasks just to get the chance to jump between pylons again.Make the game challenging, not the ability to save your spot in it."
,Recommended,530890,25763785,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Hidden Inside,"Got absolutely rekt in tutorial. Hardcore as ♥♥♥♥. Speaking of ♥♥♥♥, i kinda like the oversexualised character. There are almost no characters of that archetype in games, and people get♥♥♥♥♥♥for that. You know what i like diversity and variance, tired of every character being sugoi jailbait/generic female♥♥♥♥♥♥looking new age grill. Needs way more amazons, PROPER xenos, milfs, maybe even some fur degeneracy.Great job devs, needs more games like this -> ambitious, hardcore the the bone (i ♥♥♥♥ing love that you dont restart at all when dead, also i think HUD should be disabled on hardcore) and unafraid.9.5/10 Bonus points for triggering the braindead leftist apologist scum."
76561198077884996,Recommended,530890,34694219,Posted: 2 September,all,youngsnake88,$15.00... i would have paid 20. with the mods and all its more then worth it
,Recommended,530890,25747054,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Sapph,"The puzzles require a lot thinking and Trial&Error. The enemy robots are placed stupidly behind corners. While it's possible to kill them without taking damage, it requires you to run the same area couple of times to get it right. This is especially frustrating with the scarce amount of bullets and medkits which you have to seriously try finding.But graphics, music and overall atmosphere of the game are gorgeous. I can say that I felt I got my money's worth just after 2 hours of playing. Which is rare for me.And let's not of course forget the sexy main character you're playing as. Something game makers now-a-days are afraid to do. They usually are always buffed up males or women with average and skinny body. Though maybe with beautiful face."
,Recommended,530890,25717222,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Pixelica,"Great game if you like 3D platformer, somewhat rougelike, and puzzle game. Also has nice graphic quality.Things to consider before you buy:-The combat/shooting mechanic feel so bad and clunky.-Camera/FOV is to close, sometimes it's so hard to navigate.-The RE 1 style save system is a bit annoying in modern game.-There is no map whatsoever, you'll get lost often.Overall it's a fun game, not an amazing game, but a decent challenging game for it's price tag. Waaaay better than No Man's Sky."
,Not Recommended,530890,35235601,Posted: 26 September,all,Totallygeeky,"It's just not good.The controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ the T&A not only is weird in this context, but also obscures the camera, and it's overall just not satisfying to play. If you want to jerk off over something, there's better stuff on steam too."
76561198094525363,Recommended,530890,31759762,Posted: 14 May,all,blakeskates,Do you have a girlfriend?Are you gay?If you answered no to both of these questions you will probably enjoy this game.
,Recommended,530890,26153883,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,RavioliRavioliDabbingDragonLoli,Dev wanted♥♥♥♥♥♥and puzzles.So he made♥♥♥♥♥♥and puzzles.Both ended up ok.
,Recommended,530890,25736981,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,CogsFixmore,Great puzzle game very Thic in parts of the game butt over all its wonderful i like trying to use my brain to solve a complex puzzle like this one so id say worth the money and i look forward to futher updates by the dev'sPros: It has amazing asets like her chest and thick butt and the jiggles are amazing.also it will have amazing mods with huge tiddies.Cons: Some people will be salty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥becuase femnazi's hate boobies.
76561198138904624,Recommended,530890,25718780,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,SectorXIII,"Despite wanting a larger FOV ( Pls add a slider Devs) The game itself and the puzzles are great, well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,530890,25733742,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Niney,Getting punched in the face for pressing buttons.Breaking your Legs from going down a small drop.Yet the most broken part of you will be your patience.10/10
,Recommended,530890,25731756,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,leaderbaik,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,530890,25718211,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Makerrcat,"More than just some fetish game Haydee is a wonderfuly crafted survival horror reminiscent of the first Resident Evil with a Portal Aesthetic.And for it's price, deffinately worth checking out."
,Recommended,530890,35340560,Posted: 30 September,all,Murabito A,Difficulty -E X T R A   T H I C C
76561197970705636,Recommended,530890,31124319,Posted: 13 April,all,Lesbillionaire puff-mommy,"Some♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Robutt action umuDon't be fooled by the sexy though, it's a hardcore difficulty game. Even on softcore..."
,Recommended,530890,35235752,Posted: 26 September,all,Cloudsy,"I'm terrible at the game, but haydee t h i c c"
,Recommended,530890,32530319,Posted: 18 June,all,미필 여고생,Better than Warframe.
,Recommended,530890,25743167,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Diddums,"Tight and satisfying controls, tough gameplay with amazing platforming puzzles, just amazing game all around."
,Recommended,530890,35309794,Posted: 29 September,all,Bruh,"Pro tip:If you put your steam status into ""offline"" then none of your gameplay hours or achievements will be saved, and your friends will never know when you're playing this game.Y'know, just in case you want that."
,Recommended,530890,25760017,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Derbacca,"Purchases like this remind me why my friends don't talk to me anymore.Despite that, pretty difficult puzzle game that offers you no hand holding whatsoever.I spent 30 minutes wondering how to work the vibrator button. I will never get that time back.Worth a buy if you enjoy puzzle games and feel completely shameless."
76561198327129519,Recommended,530890,29259860,Posted: 14 January,all,jgamfbhhegf,"I only play this game to jerk off, it's good tough. I have never touched a woman IRL, and someone with a better taste in video games than me will probably find it boring but i enjoy it tough."
,Recommended,530890,28655601,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Senpai_Chibi(ComputerBroken),"I like big butts and I can not lie, you other brothers can't deny. Plus theres hardcore puzzles in here, sure I only have a hour on here for now but you won't regret it once you get past the beginning"
76561198268191434,Recommended,530890,31182793,Posted: 16 April,all,H_a!L-Bl A cK 3Ye,its okay theres quite a bunch of lewd mods for some reason all i ever noticed was that this game was the most apropriate time to say: EXTRA T H I C C
,Recommended,530890,31131282,Posted: 14 April,all,` BOGZ,Best Dark Souls in the series!!
,Recommended,530890,31713917,Posted: 12 May,all,Johnny Two Tips,There is in fact a game here if you can get past all the sexualization (probably not though). A hardcore metroidvania game that tells you nothing and expects you to find out how the game works on your own.
76561197977850135,Recommended,530890,25782160,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Flandris,Fun platforming and gameplay
,Recommended,530890,25777719,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Malificarr,I feel a bit shameful for buying this but it's actually quite a legit game. Portal was super easy compared to this though.
,Recommended,530890,33279550,Posted: 5 July,all,Saint Kurayami,"This is absolutely the sexyest game you can play on steam. Better keep your hands on the keyboard and mouse if you wanna make some progress, because you gonna die... a lot. Or if you prefer, just keep enjoying the ""breasts physics"" while she walks across the room. now download some outfits at the workshop for extra ""fun"" and get going.hint : make sure that you´re alone..."
,Recommended,530890,25763065,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,MajorCrasher,"Haydee is a puzzle platforming game with light combat elements that feels like RE1 if it was a metroidvania style game. This game is not for ""casual"" gamers or people who are easily frustrated or upset by learning things though trial and error and dying a lot. The save system doesn't have quicksaves or checkpoints so being persistent and getting better with repetition and practice is the only way to progress. After playing this game for hours I have thouroughly enjoyed the open world aspect of the game that lets you explore however you want in any order you want, and the fact that you are never lead around or forced to go where the game wants you to first. The world itsef is absolutely huge with 160 rooms and it guarantees at least a minimum of 8 hours on your first playthrough. The puzzle aspects are for the most part ones that test your ability to reason and figure out what you are capable of in terms of interacting with your enviroment. The combat is sometimes optional and it can be rewarding to find alternate ways to deal with or get around enemies other than shooting them. The general atmosphere of the game is tense and foreboding, often leading me to hold my breath every time I explore a new area for the first time. There is very little in terms of actual plot or story in the game as a whole and so far it has never taken the focus away from the gameplay for a cutscene or to show you something not gameplay related. Whether or not the story is explained at all, I have yet to see because I still haven't finished the game. The game is finished but the devs have said they will be adding more content in terms of outfits and modding support.Now onto the elephant in the room. I will admit, that the first thing that drew my attention to Haydee was the design of the main character. Had this been a first person game or a character that was some generic robot, i would have been a lot less likely to find it since it comes from such a small and new developer. I do like the main character's design and tasteful sexuality in general but that is not the only or the main reason that I decided to purchase this game. After seeing an hour of gameplay of the demo, I knew this was an experience I would enjoy due to how unique the game is in terms of gameplay. You probably shouldn't buy this game if  you don't like puzzles or hardcore games and only like the main character because you probaby won't enjoy it. Haydee is a game that is marketed on over the top sexuality in a similar way that Hatred was marketed on over the top violence and edginess. I think that this is perfectly fine considering that sexuality is a much healthier topic to enjoy than violence. The developers made a player character that exudes sexuality and it's a contreversial topic for many people. It's an issue that many intelligent people disagree about and they discuss their opinions on it, (less intelligent people simply shout their own opinion without acknowledging anyone else's) that alone succeeds in creating popularity by getting people to talk about it.They obviously probably enjoy sexuality and weren't afraid to show it, in the game that they spent tons of time and effort in making, regardless of the backlash it would surely get when people start shouting their opinions. Honestly, I'm glad that there are developers who aren't afraid to create a game how they want to rather than how they feel they should because they might get negative feedback or hate. Whether or not you enjoy sexuality, the one thing you shouldn't do is put down this game due to its asthetics. Buy or don't buy, like or don't like the game for what's really relevant.My main complaints with the game are that it can be easy to get lost or lose track of where you are because the entire world is open and there isn't a map (that I have found so far), the game never tells you about certain mechanics, such as how to drop onto ledges, that are somewhat obscure that you may never figure out on your own, the game isn't optimized well and I had to change some settings on my graphics card in order to get it to run properly, and some controls feel unituitive and a bit clunky (for example pressing jump to get out of crouch rather than it being toggleable). But these are honestly just minor complaints and they haven't stopped me from enjoying the game.Overall : If you're a fan of difficult game experiences, challenging puzzles, tense, old school third person shooting, and like and/or don't mind sexualized characters you should try Haydee. 8/10 (so far)"
,Recommended,530890,27924301,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Cumcake,I give this game An Unfortunate Erection/10
76561198007504378,Recommended,530890,26435648,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Spindle,"Sexy character in a world where devs are usually scared to offend people, lots of mod support to change how your character looks (check modding section on the steam haydee forums), a great graphics engine that runs well on low-end computers, a large number of zones to explore and a fantastic core puzzle game that's somewhat similar to portal 2 (except without a portal gun and far more difficult).Ultimately once the T&A novelty wears (actually it never does :D) you have a great puzzle and exploring game, that's not for the faint hearted.  You will most likely end up reaching for guides as it starts to get a little difficult to know how to progress but it's still very rewarding and you'll sink a lot of hours into it, getting you moneys worth if you stick with it.I had a pretty hard time getting into the game initially, it offers very little guidance to get used to the controls and everything, I would suggest watching a video to accompany your first hours play because otherwise you'll most likely rage quit.  If like me you're more interested in the puzzles and less in the shooting robots part there is also an unintended cheat to disable damage taken from attacks, which made the game a lot more fun personally.Great game, I like it a lot."
,Recommended,530890,31209238,Posted: 17 April,all,o_O,"well, lets see... Haydee is about a half human/half robot (a cyborg?!) woman (woman?! well, it has a feminine shape).its an 3rd person shooter/platform hybrid in which you have to conserve ammo, health and other suplies, find keys and tools to proceed and survive robot enemies. this game remindes me of Portal (just a little). so far, so good. but...game presents no tutorial and you have to find out what to do in almost every aspect. they intented it to be a hardcore game. it is. but due to faulty controls. in time, you master how to drop down from ledges, when to jump (theres some weird physics) and how to master fast movements. interactions with objects is pretty bad. theres a point cursor that must be at the object to interact, no matter where the character is looking at and this can get things pretty confusing, since that cursor only becomes an aim ponter if youre equiped with a gun and holding the aim button.most of the time before learning how to workaround, youll be jumping where you dont want to and falling to death or getting stuck into non-vaultable (if this word ever exists) platforms.the ""sex appeal"" of the game, a huge butt cyborg with huge breats looks fine (if you like things that huge) untill you get moving. youll notice some flaccidness in her body. boobs arent supposed to be like that and, for me, it made then less interesting.good  thing is the workshop integration. theres lots of models for the main character, some being totally nude (parents, be ware) and different body proportions. some like the famous lara croft or bayonnetta. too bad small boobs still get to move weirdly.cons:controls need to be polished;interaction with objects need to be polished;no in-game tutorials and not even item descriptions (not a con for me, though);main character fails to be sexy (since it was intented to be so);main character body has ultra bad physics (devs are probably nerd who never got themselves girls);camera is way to close just to show her butt up-close (loses its fun after 5 minutes playing).pros:game is fun and its possible to enjoy it;workshop community very active (with nice models for the main character);it has a level editor and you can download maps as well;original level design has its surprises.im keeping mine."
76561198316011815,Recommended,530890,28931307,Posted: 1 January,all,PepsiStrong,"This is a very sexy puzzle game. I think that the shaping and action of the character is well built.However, I can not show others playing in the game to others."
,Recommended,530890,28462371,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,aMEizing,love it so hard so fun 10/10 need new keybord mines ........stuck
76561197969390554,Recommended,530890,25768656,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Anton,"This game is rally surprisingly good.Its rally hard game but fair.Controls are rally good when using keyboard and mouse.I normally don't play puzzle games of any sort. and im almost played 21 hours. is even suprasing to my. I keep coming back for more. the facility is massive.if you like solving puzzles, exploring, finding useful items. you my like this game?This game is really polish and nice over all.this gets on my top 10 games of the year list.for my the game is a lot of fun and i'm recommending this game to all my friends."
,Recommended,530890,25772418,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,RoRo1980,"''sexual content'' and ''female protagonist'' were enough to sell me the game and actually this is the first game i paid full price for, not a review copy and not a gift, i actually paid the asking price for the first time since a long while.....the thing is, after all the beautiful views, there is actually a decent game there, i love the idea of not having a clue about what to do and where to go and the game is polished and atmospheric and the fact it has a really nice female protaginist is an added bonus, i recommend it, it needs a few things but at least it delivers and it is fun, fun, fun.....just play it when no one is around, especially the wife and kids...or ur mum.....or ur dad....or ur dog.....yup, the dog gave me ''the look'' a while ago...he seemed dissapointed with me."
,Recommended,530890,25765966,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,tips your bones tonight,"She has a great♥♥♥♥♥ but I wouldn't mind to have more field of view.For a joke game game from Greenlight, it's actually quite compelling, lacks some polish tho."
,Recommended,530890,35267506,Posted: 28 September,all,Godzi1954,"I liked this game more than I thought I would. I had heard about this game on YouTube, but never actually bought it. Now that it is on sale, I decided to try it out. I thought the game would just be about♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥ but it is much more! The game is very creative and smart about it's puzzles and level design. The game is almost imposibble at times, but when you finally figure it out, it feels really good. The game is also simple in design. It doesn't have the best graphics, but what it does have, it uses well. Overall a great game."
,Recommended,530890,35266407,Posted: 28 September,all,PhD.Q,"The game is really Ghost in the Shell-ish, recommended with Kusanagi remodel from workshop if you're a fanI love puzzle games and this one I totally loved. You could consider it hardcore as walking simulator/shooter, but it's just decent and well made puzzle game in which your brain is constantly analysing and trying to remember every detail you could connect to something in the future. Great mind excercise! Also loved the Ghost in the Shell remodelled character from Workshop - it made it the best GitS game ever, as the whole plot and ambience is TOTALLY Ghost in the Shell-ish!"
76561198055646275,Recommended,530890,29726444,Posted: 5 February,all,Heroic Brew,"Very good challenging game with complex puzzles, hard ammo and health managment, and a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥character."
76561198119956477,Recommended,530890,31367061,Posted: 25 April,all,고사리마,"Commercial video and tags are kind of trick. I exercised trap. Do not buy it for butts. Do not buy it for breasts. I must give this thumbs down. But I don't want.It is a shooting survival horror puzzle. If you wnat to progress game, butts and breasts will be out of your sight.This game is kind of hardcore. Save points are limited. You must coming and going overagain for saving in entire game. If you will not, Haydee will die and you will just shut down this game. Advise to you, Haydee will die. And she will die again. Ammo is also limited. You can not hit enemies with Haydee's hand. There are no tiny little hints for puzzles. If you can not solve it, nobody cares you in game. Nobody.So, too many parts of wasting time. save cards, save points, ambushed enemies, traps in the dark. If you think that is part of good games that spend more time to do same thing again. You are exactly find yours.If you want this, should buy it for 50% off or more. Because I did it.Anyway, game is pretty fun. Good puzzles, suitable enemies, hardcore nervous and sexy Haydee.Ps. When first time I saw this game. I guessed developers are Russians. And well..."
,Recommended,530890,32584724,Posted: 19 June,all,白雪 みぞれ Mizore,"hard game, nice game 7.5/10"
,Recommended,530890,29379061,Posted: 20 January,all,Private Lontar,"CONTAIN SPOILERSWell this game really needs better plot.If, for example, excape ending is to really excape, I will definitiely keep on playing and solve puzzle to see the story. However, this game just gives bad ending and tells you,system just disable you and you have nothing to do about.I mean come on, that's it? that's the reward of beating the game?this is really unsatifying. Puzzle is very time-consuming and hard.Also, I dont think anyone can solve the tutorial for double-crouch without the help of internet.it really needs improvement to make it better."
78883999100209911,Recommended,530890,33250715,Posted: 4 July,all,พี่ปั๊บ,very immersive
,Recommended,530890,33277406,Posted: 5 July,all,Rapscallion,SomethingForTheDads.exe
76561198012594837,Recommended,530890,27598441,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Detachi,"I never knew something with glorious T&A could be so dificult and frustraiting, yet, still enjoyable. But enough about my ex, let's talk about the Haydee."
,Recommended,530890,27064916,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Skyrophant,it's okay
,Recommended,530890,34017438,Posted: 4 August,all,Davis,Hardest ♥♥♥♥ing game i have played in my life. i cant even pass the first level lol
76561198310052961,Recommended,530890,34047149,Posted: 5 August,all,the_1_Crusader,good game!!
,Recommended,530890,27237190,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Sowl,"""It's not what it looks like! I swear!"" ...award ;)"
76561198276770761,Recommended,530890,33656353,Posted: 19 July,all,meme,its ok
76561198316156882,Recommended,530890,33333377,Posted: 6 July,all,aderken,mod good
,Recommended,530890,35280422,Posted: 28 September,all,LuckyLilAlex,I can confirm you can play video games one handed
76561198364256818,Recommended,530890,35368407,Posted: 1 October,all,The_Bezerker,Even though it seems like this game is wierd and to sexualized it is actually quite well designed and quite hard.
,Recommended,530890,35229721,Posted: 26 September,all,Ryu #nlt,Really good game. The mechanics and game in full is pretty hard.
76561198010134705,Recommended,530890,35228640,Posted: 26 September,all,Selva,"While I still can I am writing this review.  Haydee looks like it is a decent game.  But there is an issue with it on some systems.  For unknown reasons it is overheating my CPU and thus setting off the alarm on my UPS the moment it runs.  I am, sadly, having to return the game as a result.I am going to do something I normally do not do and give this a thumbs up.  Truthfully I'd rather not.  I could not play the game far enough to know if it's actually good or just extremely buxum.  Valve REALLY needs to have a neutral reacrtion for this sort of ocasion.  But it doesn't.  That having been said...This positive review comes with the strong advice that you check your CPU and your graphics cards temperature and power use carefully before the 1 week / 2 hour play limit expires.  Whatever it is doing, if it effects you this sort of thing could cause damage to your hardware if temperatures continue to climb.  I do not kow that they will.  I can't afford to take the risk to test it.  Just...  check.  Again, this is not happening to everyone.  Just be careful.I go now to, sadly, play something where the character weighs aproximately what one of Haydee's triple Ds weighs.  Sad face."
,Recommended,530890,28864049,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Undead Taco,"At first glance this game looks like something that was just made to entertain horney guys, but the gameplay is actually a lot of fun.  You will die over and over; kind of like darksouls only with a gun and no shame on the developers camera positioning.  The sprinting one shot robots with the swords will probably give you a jump scare or two as well.  The puzzles aren't extremely complicated, but some of them will require some thought to figure out.  There are also some pretty good mods for the game such as the EDIBattlesuit from Mass Effect.  The only real downside to the game is the controls which are strange and have no real tutorial to help you figure them out.  For example, in order hang down off of a ledge to drop down you have to turn around while crouching and press Ctrl."
,Recommended,530890,29513800,Posted: 26 January,all,Poser76,"Haydee is an addicting puzzle platformer that has lots of tension and cerebral puzzles that will challenge you every step of the way.  As you move through an underground complex jumping, climbing and searching you will encounter murderous robots as well as the bodies of others who have tried and failed before you to escape.  Haydee presents nothing in terms of backstory or lore, there is no voice acting (that I've encountered so far) you simply jump in and go.  If that's your kind of game you won't be disappointed.Haydee's controls are very standardized and mostly intuitive.  There is a very simple tutorial of sorts but there is no in game text describing the controls which is more annoying than challenging.  Still, once you've figured out how to move Haydee this minor annoyance will be well behind you and you can attack the game properly.  There aren't any checkpoints so the only way to save is manually and saves are limited by in game items you have to find.  You start off with no items of any kind and have to find what you'll need to get around.  The puzzles are straightforward at first but the game quickly ratchets up the difficulty and soon you'll be relaoding again and again.  Once you've conquered a level though you'll feel satisfied and ready to take on the next challenge.  Haydee is designed in such a way that moving from room to room genuinely feels like an accomplishment in and of itself.  The sense of adrenaline you feel when you finally make it to the next door charges your senses and you'll be eager to move on for more.  Unfortunately this is also Haydee's greatest weakness.  In some cases the game seems to be unnecesarrily difficult with certain actions requiring more prep work than it seems should be needed.  While I'm certain some gamers can breeze through the game quite quickly and efficiently (there's an achievement for beating the game very quickly) most will need to take their time whether they want to or not.  Patience is key and in a world of fast paced action games Haydee may move a little too slowly for some.  Also the shooting mechanic is lack luster at best.  Gun shot sounds are bland and robot deaths are unsatisfying.  This makes the combat in the game more of a chore than a fun way to pass an obstacle.  If Haydee has any real flaws it's in the design of Haydee herself.  The camera is uncomfortably close and often times you'll find yourself stuck staring at her shoulder or her♥♥♥♥♥when you need to see where it is you're trying to go.  The only sounds she makes are the incessant tapping of her high heels as she walks and she takes up far too much of the viewable screen as I like.  The character design is disturbing but adds to the bleak atmosphere of the game.  There is no happiness here, only tension, fear and death.Despite these minor gripes Haydee is a fun and challenging change of pace.  The puzzles and platforming mechanics are on par with any top tier AAA title.  Haydee herself is easy to learn and master and there's lots to explore and discover.  If you're looking for something that is quick to learn, easy to digest and challenging this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,530890,35214455,Posted: 25 September,all,[ViViD] FROGΞR,Masterbated for two hours then returend it.
,Recommended,530890,35218996,Posted: 26 September,all,5-star idiot,11/10 always wanted to rage quit with a bonerrealistic robutt modsnude modsanime modshatsune miku modsu can get boner with any type of character u wantalso the difficult is too guuud and the puzzles are awesome and theres lots of hidden items so u can be perfecto if u want
,Recommended,530890,25786108,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ivan Fedorov Beria,This game is simply great.
76561198095967515,Not Recommended,530890,32459132,Posted: 15 June,all,Jack n' the box,"This game is not bad. I enjoyed the puzzles and the challenges this game has. The community is nice, if not slightly perverted. If you want you can play the game an half robot thing, or a nakedlady. I probably would have enjoyed this game more if I had more time. But i just couldn't get into it becasue of the slow walking pace a the slow sprint.The game has a lot of exploration and some secrets. The puzzles are fun and challenging. The tutorial is great. There's no hand holding or treating the player like an idiot. It's one of the few games that treats the player as competent, something that most AAA games fail at. The Graphics and style are good; and each area has it's own feel. This game is probably somewhere near an 8/10. I can't give it higher because throughout the gameplay I always felt that Haydee was going at a snail pace. My first review down below shows how I feel about the walking pace.First Review:THe puzzles are nice. There are also several guides online to help if you get stuck. The camera is so-so in my opinion, but it's easy to get use to.My biggest problem with this game is the walking speed. It is Horrendously slow. It feels like someone stapled my testicles to a rope; and slowly started to pull on it in some sick form of pleasure."
,Not Recommended,530890,26093409,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,[LTTS] LOYAL TO THE SESH,Crap RE clone.https://youtu.be/ySJ1Z5o8y5w
76561198103460068,Not Recommended,530890,33360631,Posted: 7 July,all,leileijoker,"I have to be absolutely honest. If you're just looking to buy a game as a jerk off material, buy Haydee on discount! With mods, this game will drain your♥♥♥♥♥ But if you're a puzzle game fan who's looking to get a game like old school Tomb Raider and Portals, this game is not the best choice. You will be throw into the game immediately without any tutorial or guidance. Want to learn the controls? You have to look in the game menue. And the controls are really BAD! You will die a lot from jumping and all kinds of traps. Oh, did I mention there's no quick save in this game? You have to find limited number of save cards hidden in all kinds of shady areas with death traps and save the game in certain save point. If you forgot to save, sorry you have to start all over again! Yes, if you treat the game seriously you will get frustrated and mad. I only recommend this game on discount if you feel pron hub is not enough for you."
76561198262857951,Recommended,530890,25734612,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Mr. Tedditon's Playhouse,Thick Robot Simulator 201610/10 would buy again.
,Recommended,530890,29191165,Posted: 11 January,all,RaptorDave,I like boobs. Deal with it.
,Not Recommended,530890,29099542,Posted: 7 January,all,Dime,"A promising game that can have very interesting puzzles, but is ultimately more frustrating than it is fun due to the lack of a map.  The slow climbing animations can also be frustrating as you will frequently have to backtrack or move through the same area multiple times to find where it was you were.  Again, because of the lack of a map, you may see an area that looks familiar, but you have no idea how to get to because you can't remember how you got there the first time.  Or how it connects to the rest of the map may be too confusing.Hopefully, if Haydee ever receives a sequel, there will be some form of navigation, because as it stands, I tend to play for about 30 minutes before I get frustrated and move on to play something else."
76561198010925173,Not Recommended,530890,35263512,Posted: 28 September,all,patric111958,Bought it on sale. It crashed twice in first 15 minutes.  Refunded.
,Not Recommended,530890,26219842,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,StylixDS,"I want to like this game but the artificial difficulty through weird save mechanics and bad controls does not make for a fun time.The control isn't the worst I've dealt with, but it's slow and cumbersome. Getting through a simple room feels like it takes way longer than it should resulting in it feeling boring. When I think about having to replay the area because I died it just makes me want to shut the game off instead of getting that feeling of ""just one more time"".What really kills the enjoyment for me though is the way the game manages saves. Not only are save points very sparse, but they are extremely limited on the amount of times a player can save. If you don't know what's coming up, you might find yourself far along in the game and be forced to restart the whole thing because you managed your saves poorly. It is only one step above perma-death.It's like the developers created a hardcore mode for the game and forgot to add in the other difficulty options. Personally I have no problem with a game offering ridiculous difficulty, but I'd prefer the option to have a more casual experience when the challenge turns from fun to tedium."
76561198037588107,Recommended,530890,25719240,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,clarkm49,A Very entertaining game I love it. And I hope the developers continue their support for the game!
,Recommended,530890,25778566,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Happy Demon,"I think I'll be focusing on the graphical aspect.*Clears throat*So, Haydee.In general, she's pleasing to look at, but there are problems.First off, her breasts lack a collision model. It's very apparent when she's getting onto a ledge, as her breasts don't squish, they merely clip into the ground.The chest piece you acquire early on, it makes no change to the breast physics. The breasts bounce as much with and without. When wearing more clothing, there should be less movement, that doesn't mean no movement, like some games do, just less.The texture on her skin is too low res for the rest of her body. And since it's pushed into your face, you better have some good textures on it.The shadows on normal is too blocky, on very high however, it's nice and vector-like. I like some good shadows on those curves.Now, the items.First off, I played with censor off, and I wasn't very impressed. I've seen nude pictures on the keycards, medkits, and ammo packs. But I find the nudes to be unimpressive.I get the thing about tittilation on the ammo boxes and such, but it requires clothes which emphasize the curves, not no clothes at all. Also, the breasts on the nudes seem a bit too big for me. A small box shouldn't have giant breasts, it's... strange.There's also no option to inspect the items, which not only makes the pictures go to waste, but also makes it hard to tell what the items are.It lacks a name window for the items. So to find out what that pink box is, you have to look carefully on the item in your inventory, and see the tiny white MEDKIT written on it. And because pink is light, you might have problems making that out.There's no handholding, and then there's no information.Now the game.The level design is nice and simple, you can tell what you can grab onto, and what you can't. Seeing what way the butt is pointing helps make out back and front. The big model of Haydee does hinder looking around corners, so switching between the shoulder cams is a must, though the knife bots have a tendency to always partially dodge a shot, making you spend 3 shots instead of 2.It also makes it so the puzzles are easier to follow, there's very few covering pieces, though so far, I've only seen a medkit hidden by them.The gameplay is more Resident Evil than Metroid. With ammo conservation and persistent enemies. You can't grind an area for health pickups or ammo. So you have to manage your resources, and your saves are limited. This makes me really nervous when I enter a dark area, with a limited view range nightvision, and trying to hear the robot footsteps.Knife robots are a pain to deal with, but can go down with 2 well placed shots, while the walkers take 4 well placed shots. So circumventing them is a valid, and valuable, tactic. But also risky.Doorway jumping is infuriating, but a necessary lesson to learn, so having them early on is probably for the best.The lack of a first person mode can make you miss some ledges, and fall to your death.So to wrap it up.It's like Resident Evil, with persistent enemies, ammo management, nerve racking areas due to the cost of dying. Haydee looks good, but low resolution skin textures and lack of breast collision physics is something you'll likely notice. The censor mode seems to just put nude pictures on some of the pickups. The lack of an inspect feature makes it a waste, and makes it harder to read the text on them. A text box would solve that, and some other things. I feel this game gives you too little info. And that one jump at the beginning can go die in a fire.I wish there was a 5 star rating system, but we only got Yes/No.I recommend this game.It's solid, though has a couple issues. But that's to be expected of indie games. Also, remember that there's a censor mode. Though with the quality of the pictures, I think it's better if the censor mode is on.Most of the problems seem easy for the dev(s) to fix. But I may be wrong."
,Recommended,530890,25794318,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,[Tpβ ] comrade Kushala,"Donet let the♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥fool you. The games like portal with dark souls difficulty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.That being said it can be both great and infuriating at the same timeAnd uh, ♥♥♥♥ those knife bots"
,Recommended,530890,25762798,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,LaGGer993,10/10 GOTYWaifu simulator
,Recommended,530890,25760394,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Synth_Rider,Too busy thinking about dem thighs instead of solving puzzles - 6/9
,Recommended,530890,33450099,Posted: 11 July,all,SuicidalNEET,Made me bussssa knotMade me rageMade have funExtra♥♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 I would an E X T R A T H I C C Robutt
,Recommended,530890,31617983,Posted: 7 May,all,Eclipse,"tbh when I saw this game, I was overwhelmed by the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and coughed up the whole 15 bucks. turns out I also got a good, CHALLENING, mysterious puzzle/shooter 3D platformer."
,Recommended,530890,31741889,Posted: 14 May,all,THESE_CRATES,Ill give this a 8.9/10 it would had got the 10 if the game tells you how to play. I spent 30 mins learning how to get un cruch after that i was good some how.
76561198031428750,Recommended,530890,25758989,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Has-Many-Nukes,"I feel this game was made for me, it’s a resident evil inspired super difficult, puzzle platformer with third person shooting that's intense as♥♥♥♥♥♥ To add to that “Haydee” (the player avatar) combines two of my favorite type of people, cyborgs and curvy black women into one! It’s not a game for everyone and it has it’s problems, like how though the controls are good they do have a few annoyances. If you like Super Meat boy levels of difficult platforming, Dark souls esque level design, Legend of Zelda esque puzzles, Resident evil (1-4) game design, you might like Haydee.On a somewhat off note, i'm glad the developer made Haydee a sexcalized black and curvy avatar; it’s rare to see black and/or curvy characters sexualised (or in general) in videogames (I also feel people would not be as cynical towards the game if Haydee was a sexualised skinny white women instead).Off note number 2, Sexuality and sex are a very important part of life (regardless of gender, ethnicity, etc.) and should be represented in art (I.E. videogames), as such I wish more games would sexualize male characters like how Haydee is sexualized."
76561197973699058,Recommended,530890,25983065,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Kolter,"i loved it, sadly it didnt work on my computer but it did work on my laptop. i enyoed every second of it."
,Recommended,530890,26503635,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Pacific Hero,When is HAYDEE2 ??
,Recommended,530890,33736479,Posted: 22 July,all,SwiggitySwag skinhub.com,so many curves so much frustration.
76561198091439520,Recommended,530890,33732872,Posted: 22 July,all,NME,It's an asset! Get it!
,Recommended,530890,31176118,Posted: 16 April,all,Altona Falcon,Came for the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ didn't regret.
76561198165488479,Recommended,530890,31093641,Posted: 12 April,all,admiralloki66,"love the game but i can't sexually fantasize if i can't play my game. come on dude fix this game, it isn't starting when i click on it"
76561198129440996,Recommended,530890,33423866,Posted: 9 July,all,Mr.Co-Worker,its not letting me play the game can anyone help :(
,Recommended,530890,27002312,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Methados,♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s
,Recommended,530890,31456484,Posted: 29 April,all,KHAOZ,"I don't really know if this game has an actual storyline, but I think people are brought in by well, you know what I mean. The only thing I have to say about this game is if you love games like this, then I definitely think you should play it. :PMaybe there was supposed to be a storyline, but then they decided to just remove it completely, who knows??? :0"
76561198110066008,Recommended,530890,31196463,Posted: 17 April,all,KingLightan,Came for the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ stayed for the nudesXD
76561198233342812,Recommended,530890,31260566,Posted: 20 April,all,cptbutters,this game is really distracting and fun :)
76561198040773490,Recommended,530890,33137423,Posted: 2 July,all,shadowslayer760,More fun than a AAA title! I would pay 60 bucks for it if there was a co-op mode and some depth to the storyline!!!
12345665432178987,Recommended,530890,34227202,Posted: 13 August,all,Meh,it is good but lack of story ;.;
76561198127101535,Recommended,530890,35287702,Posted: 29 September,all,evilsplat,"I got this game because it reminded me of portal and it is quite similar exept without the portal gun and falls will kill you. It is difficult, dark souls level difficult, but if you enjoy puzzle games and enjoy having your skull repeatedly stomped into the ground by said puzzle games and can get past the rather exessively built character, then this game is for you.On the other hand if you don't like games that make you want to pull your hair out or puzzle games then this game is not for you.If the character is what's putting you off then know that there are some mods in the workshop that can remedy that problem by changing your character."
,Recommended,530890,28866532,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,poma,"this game doesn't hold your hand even for a second & also uses save items, look at your controls & be prepared to die.surprisingly one of the best games of the genre ive played in a long time, hardcore mode hurts so good."
,Not Recommended,530890,35482966,Posted: 4 October,all,YOMOCO DEKAYA,if only the mechanics weren't so dumb downlike if it was like assassin creed climbing but it's not
,Recommended,530890,30840807,Posted: 30 March,all,Poorkidd,"Nice assets; fun game, and did I mention nice assets?? I would recommend this to anyone!"
76561198337511051,Not Recommended,530890,28694076,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,hiddentruth999,"To be honest, this game looks great. Can't complain about the way it looks or the way it plays. Gameplay wise, this game is some a$$. Literally. For a survival game to give you limited ammo, limited saves, and a focus on body parts, I'm embarrassed to have spent money on this game. I bought the game for the puzzles and gameplay because I thought it looked cool on youtube. Don't waste your money on this game unless you wanna see a big a$$ and big ♥♥♥♥♥♥s that you can see for free on the internet as much as you want *cough* *cough* (porn) lol cause that's all you're gonna get for your money's worth is just a tease show."
,Not Recommended,530890,31248835,Posted: 19 April,all,Feiwel,"No story, terrible controls and design, the only polished part of this game is the fanservice."
76561198014623521,Recommended,530890,25716677,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Crystal Pepsi,Went around a corner and got blown up by a mine hidden by bodies10/10 baited by ammo boxes
,Recommended,530890,25735827,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Helladope Madfresh,Uhhhhhh.... This is actually pretty dang good.*Update* After some extended playtime I have found the game to be quite cheeky.
,Recommended,530890,25741448,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Lewd rabbit,"You all know why we bought this game. Big puzzles, lots of big puzzles."
76561198003698403,Not Recommended,530890,31133240,Posted: 14 April,all,KOACH,"Why does a robot need♥♥♥♥♥♥anyway? Maybe if we weren't smuggling watermelons in our sweater it wouldn't take 5 minutes to climb a ledge. I like the metroidvania idea to this game, but the platforming is just too clunky, and many of the rooms are far too reliant on tedius busy work. Crouch. Grab the ledge. Slowly (and jiggle-ly) ledge climb to the side. Climb up. Climb up again (because it takes two actions). Sprint jump at a ledge. Hit your head on the roof of the door frame and fall to your death. Lose ten minutes of progress, aka one room, and have to do it all over again. The fact that you can't save at the beginning of each room is bad enough, but you also have LIMITED saves, resident evil style, meaning you have to pick and choose your incredibly inconvenient save locations carefully. I get the appeal of a challenge, but I did pick ""softcore"" mode for exactly this reason, and having to repeat lengthy, obnoxious ledge climbing rooms isn't very challenging...♥♥♥♥♥♥though."
,Recommended,530890,28763093,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DinoPony!,buttsjust butts
,Recommended,530890,25810045,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Renegade:B.A.N.N.E.R.,"Short and simply put,  That's the review.  Its a simple puzzle game with azz and T.T's with a slice of isolationism.  For the price its worth getting if you have a mild interest in this game. Also, try the demo."
,Recommended,530890,25798408,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Thaleb,"Awesome game! The T&A are a nice plus which made the game stand out, but it's a lot of fun and pretty challenging :) The controls can be a bit wonky at times on small platforms but thats a minor detail. Solid game! Come for the view stay for the gameplay! O_O"
,Recommended,530890,29846129,Posted: 11 February,all,Gdante14CO,"Great game, again I will say great game.Controls need to get used to, I will give you a hint how to get down from a ledge without going off ledge.Ctrl, ctrl nothing elseSound, graphics are great.it is hard, the puzzles are hard keep trying. And very little saves you can do, again it is hard. If you are thinking of getting it, get it.The only thing needs put in option to turn off musicThe devoloper please come out with more maps, I know there is steam workshop but please come out with more maps. If it is dlc I will buy it, And please have the maps random generated.Last thing great game"
76561198012715899,Recommended,530890,25963455,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Theranteen,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iUQaxSE_dGg
,Recommended,530890,26520800,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Kupa Rizu,"Haydee - A great platformer marred by questionable character designFULL REVIEW ON MY BLOGHaydee is an exploration and puzzle based platformer with light combat elements that prides itself on being a hardcore throwback to old-style metroidvanias. There is no hand-holding, no ""press A to win"", and certainly no lack of traps and robots waiting to end your playthrough at a moments notice....You play as the titular Haydee, a sexualized android character, as you run, climb, jump, puzzle and shoot your way through a winding labyrinth of minimalistic rooms. There isn't much story to be told, nor much guidance or objectives. You awake as one of several models of Haydee and must make your way through the game without much guidance or clear objectives....Overall Haydee is a very solid platformer with good controls, interesting puzzle mechanics and well paced combat. Exploration feels rewarding, item management feels like it has consequence and the overall feel of the game is one of quality."
76561198077956085,Not Recommended,530890,31188438,Posted: 16 April,all,FlammmablePig,"The♥♥♥♥♥♥♥it Great! Honestly the game looks fine and dandy, but the controlls are awfull, the dificulty is insane, and there is no reson to stick around after you get your rocks off. And I didn't even want to stick around for that because of the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ animations and camra angles. All in all, it would be better to just go online and find porn of the robot."
76561198050053599,Recommended,530890,26360147,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,PinkBastion,"BOOBIES!Now, whe i caught your attention, let's see what this game is all about:Ofc it's t!ts. And puzzles. Good ones. Both of them. If you like both of 'em - you buy it. If you like only 1 thing - you either gay nerd, or teen pervert.Anyways: This game is truly hard puzzle-adventure with a cute and sexy protagonist. Nice Boob physics(That's important).But, have to admit, the game tends to get bored after a few hours of gameplay. Thing is: there is no autosaves. And alot of enemies(or your own stupidity). So you will die very often. Like alot. Really. Prepare Uranus. But, it's still a great puzzle, as i said already. Why you still reading this sh!t? Go on and buy it. Just be sure to close the door, or your mom will see you feeding your snake."
76561198084104925,Not Recommended,530890,25728704,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,foxpower93,I didn't try the game for an extended period but I do not believe I had to.The game is simple. There is a room go through it... simple enough? Well think again because wverything in this game is here to kill you devs included.Before people say I am whinning about the difficulty let me explain myself. The game have two main point from what the description say: exploration and combat. Those are the main point of metrovania games. In this game through neither of those are fun.The climbing is slow and tedious. One failure will make you fall to tour death or eat away 1/3 of your health for falling the height of your character...Far from being a fair game it is only about trying to survive the devs boogie traps. It is nor fun nor enjoyable.To be fair there is one thing the devs go well and it is the visuals. The rooms does look strangely futuristic and empty and the character model have a good fluidity to it.Despite the nice visual I judge this is not a game worth buying.
76561198057870647,Recommended,530890,25830991,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Blobel,"cons :-Maybe too much freedom considering the slowness of the character. there is a lot of backtracking in this game for a lot of reasons and it's sometimes a chore.-Controls are fine, but you better get used to keyboard+mouse even if a big part of the game is platforming. Aiming with a controller only leads to death or a waste of ammo, which is out of question in this game.-Just a bit of story or lore wouldn't hurt, even if it's only subtle hints. I liked that in Portal and it lacks a bit here.pros :Pretty much everything else. The character is sexy, but also unique and memorable. The atmosphere and artistic direction are very good. The puzzles and level design are neatly crafted and challenging. The mix of genres works just fine. This game was clearly made with a lot of work and passion and it's well worth the money."
,Not Recommended,530890,35215736,Posted: 25 September,all,Julianne Stingray,"If you get frustrated easily,Don't."
,Recommended,530890,27776808,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,♥ Pantsu ♥,Softcore porn with shooting
,Recommended,530890,29235732,Posted: 13 January,all,Durant,it's hard
76561198100450212,Recommended,530890,26538398,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,暗夜丶星光,特别好玩的一款硬盒向的动作解密游戏，就是上手难度有点高，而且玩过你会产生如下想法：1，这TM怎么有个怪2，这TM居然有个雷3，这枪我能点到头，肯定不会掉血4，死之后，这个档是在哪存的？好吧，给新玩家一点建议有拐弯的地方都先把枪拿出来，先看清楚拐弯后面有啥再走，注意抬头看，头上有通道的地方，之后肯定会有怪掉下来，时刻注意，注意观察，地雷是有红点的，一般都在地上或者贴着墙上，解密部分倒不是很难，多找找路，总之，很好玩就是了，就是对手残太不友好了
,Recommended,530890,26442569,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Cozmin,"I'm a simple man, I see butts and boobs and I'll throw my money.Make the most out of this game, it's worth it."
76561198281983670,Recommended,530890,31310092,Posted: 22 April,all,C31ticWarri0r,"This game is good, no direction on where to go though... But the game is perfect for THE♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198174023730,Recommended,530890,35315929,Posted: 29 September,all,pig-attack,"https://youtu.be/h_4aaqMNLckIll keep the game, thanks for the sale."
76561198397531568,Recommended,530890,35231598,Posted: 26 September,all,erilopkatselu,oooooooooooooooooh yes
,Recommended,530890,35222664,Posted: 26 September,all,Nielama,I like it!
,Recommended,530890,25810982,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Psychobagger,"Triggering feminists since September 26, 2016."
,Recommended,530890,35209962,Posted: 25 September,all,Kappachí,I have to go offline to play this or my friends will ask me what I'm playing atm. Totally worth the money ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,530890,35223366,Posted: 26 September,all,Durn,"This game is really not ment for everyone. As a person that dosent enjoy perma death, or no checkpoints, the deliberate unresponsive movement, this game was a turn off (which is ironic considering its a total turn on)I only rate this based off of others enjoyment, not my own, another unfortunate situation where a yes/no review system dosent work."
76561198263709567,Not Recommended,530890,28776659,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Frozenflow,"Finding out how to write a review was horrid enough first off, then trying to figure out how to hang off legdes was the second, still can't mind you. The controls are terrible and I just want to leave the tutorial. I can't beileve someone thought this was an acceptable control scheme for this."
,Recommended,530890,25720997,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Rotten,"don't let the sexyness fool you, the game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥ but man that♥♥♥♥♥are 100% worth it.fun game, fair price, eye candy. it is what it is.better then some ""AAA"" price ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.hope new maps, new skin or maybe a new game mode comes up soon."
76561198008675660,Recommended,530890,25719877,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,rexus300,"Wow,I'll probably come up with a better explaination later.This game is totally a thumbs up.And dang is Haydee♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198006219586,Recommended,530890,31215398,Posted: 18 April,all,Washcloth Repairman,10/10 jiggle physics. Would fap again.
,Recommended,530890,28846841,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Batbutt Aran #BadWifi,"I computer is too♥♥♥♥♥♥for the Geforce gts 450.But because it has♥♥♥♥♥♥ and workshop good options, sexy as ♥♥♥♥ shapes and etc, and also the Metroidvania play style I see, I give this game a 9/10, not too the best since it have options for more♥♥♥♥♥♥computers, but this is a game for higher graphics, which is good for progress"
,Recommended,530890,25736769,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Tony Bamanaboni,The Plot is so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and JUICY.10/10 Would Misoggyknee again
76561198021661192,Recommended,530890,33023733,Posted: 29 June,all,Raven,Good game!
,Recommended,530890,35375349,Posted: 1 October,all,𝟚𝔹♥ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,"Cause this game , im regret for buying NieRwith this game i can have 2B and A2 With best♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and much much fanservice ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
76561198129829928,Recommended,530890,25802759,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,000-Qun[T],thick female protagonist 10/10
,Recommended,530890,26426192,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,❤ Snuggly pone Cori ❤,BoobsBoobsBoobsButtsDie stupidly and you can laugh at yourself HECK YES!10/10
,Recommended,530890,25780133,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Flower_Child[AUT],♥♥♥♥♥♥robot waifu simulator 2016
,Recommended,530890,25779096,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Jehuty,"- Gifted this game to my girlfriend as a surprise- Was told that I'm a freaking jerk- I don't have a girlfriend anymore10 nice cyborgs out of 10, will gladly gift this to the next girlfriend again!"
,Recommended,530890,35217409,Posted: 26 September,all,♛Squidwardis Tentaclatis♛,Better than actual Porn
76561197979793481,Not Recommended,530890,31108570,Posted: 12 April,all,SexyFelineMachine,"Clunky controlls make jump puzzles more challenging than really should be. Challenge fine, dumb crap, no thank you. I hit jump and she runs off cliff instead."
76561198064376558,Not Recommended,530890,33174410,Posted: 3 July,all,Nosferatu,"Died four times trying one jump, finally nailed it, died trying the next jump. Had to do the first one all over again. Eventually complete the course, just have to drop of a ledge, missed the ledge, died, lost about two minutes of total playtime, easily remade, except for all the jumps, ended up doing something that should take two minutes in twenty minutes. My knuckles are bleeding and my wall is dented from punching it. Should have bought a stress ball instead of this game."
,Recommended,530890,25729049,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sweet-Tea,"Ghost in the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Shameless Erect ComplexAlternative title♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Raideris actually a decent game. Came for the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥robot booty, stayed for the classic tomb raider gameplay.10/10https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SqWVOY40oBw"
76561198170055738,Recommended,530890,31082822,Posted: 11 April,all,wHat A FUckINg nIGG3r,10/10 would boobies again. :D
76561198377637847,Recommended,530890,30932502,Posted: 3 April,all,Aegis Mark,"A Decent game, Just wish there was Co op, And the workshop and the Editor S-U-C-K-S, So dont expect ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of mods.Plus this game has a ANNOYING AS♥♥♥♥♥♥BUG Where you cant save your game. But everything else is fine."
76561198053796752,Recommended,530890,28481496,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,CAPTAIN CODEINE,"yep, i still hate platformers"
,Recommended,530890,33155822,Posted: 2 July,all,comc909,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198065612574,Recommended,530890,25819101,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,jaquierkhader,Challenging puzzle and platform action game. I like the character too. Very♥♥♥♥♥♥♥More outfits would be nice though
,Recommended,530890,25791234,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Creampie Connoisseur,"I expected porn and i got a puzzle game with lewd accents, i expected fun but all i got was a giant♥♥♥♥♥load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ platformers, i expected to♥♥♥♥♥without touching my♥♥♥♥♥♥but i never did11/10 jiggle physics thoalso anyone found that dang old secret room yet?"
,Recommended,530890,25738846,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Aeglos Lee,Kim Kardashian Simulator
,Recommended,530890,33048688,Posted: 30 June,all,CerealBox33,Launched the game and immediately it is the greatest game I have ever played in my life. 10/10
,Recommended,530890,25734708,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,puh,i came for the characterand came to the characterand now i am stuck in a water roomi came all of my brain cells outhelp
,Recommended,530890,25759245,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Silikone,♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,530890,34073873,Posted: 6 August,all,whataterriblemessivemadeofmylife,"More frustrating than anything, maybe unless you're the kind of person who likes getting repeatedly kicked in the nuts IRL. If you're looking for a real challenge, there are better games out there. This game relies too heavily on cheap deaths and making you reload your save than gameplay that is actually engaging.Ever since Dark Souls, it seems to be a trend to make ridiculously difficult games so that people will buzz about them. But in Dark Souls, while the difficulty is brutal, all of the deaths are totally fair. And with enough skill, you can go through those games without wearing armor, for example. Honestly, game is less about skill and more about tedious item hunting and prudent resource management.Aside from extremely finite resources, it mostly gets its difficulty from lackluster controls, sketchy platforming, cheap enemies. That includes limited saves and infrequent save points. When you die, you will often be sent back pretty far. You also have to manually reload your save every time you die which is annoying.The puzzles I've encountered so far are actually quite mundane and the only thing really keeping you from solving them is that you haven't found some obscure item yet. To find items, you will be traversing one boring corridor one corridor after another, which all look the same.In the beginning of the game, the combat merely consists of you frantically trying to pop off several rounds into T-1000s B-lining at you, and hoping they peel over before they kill you with a single slash. If you waste your bullets by shooting enemies in the wrong order (even if you miss none of your shots), you're pretty much out of luck and have to either revert to a previous save or start the game over.Some robots just can't be bypassed and pretty much HAVE to be killed, but there's no real way of knowing exactly in which order they should be dispatched other than ""trial and error,"" which is pretty much the theme of the game. There are robots that ambush you from around corners, and there is almost no way avoid them without already knowing their presence, so these are pretty much guaranteed deaths.This game prides itself on being ""old-school,"" but ""primitive"" would be a more apt term. Old-school games like Mario and Mega Man had difficult platforming, but much better controls. This game has lame platforming and terrible controls. In this day and age, there is no excuse for this.I enjoy a good challenge, but not one that is born from tedium. I played for about five hours so I believe I gave the game a fair chance, but I can only endure so much. I'm seeing ton of positive reviews where the play time is less than an hour. I wouldn't trust those. I was enjoying the game in the beginning but it gets old pretty quickly."
76561198015216311,Recommended,530890,34636945,Posted: 31 August,all,pinrut,"I will always like a game with a strong, scantily-clad, flexible female protagonist."
,Recommended,530890,35153509,Posted: 23 September,all,Lunar Drunk,DAT♥♥♥♥♥10/10btw: download ember playermodel if parents dont knock
,Recommended,530890,25726039,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Lady Roland,Robot♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥♥♥s. What more can you ask for?
,Recommended,530890,25715656,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Irespawnoften,"You really have to look past the cover on this one. Yes, it has t its and a ss, we know.Once you get past that, you've got a game that plays like classic tomb raider set in a labyrinth built from parts left over from portal and mirror's edge that just seems to keep going deeper forever at times.I wouldn't say I highly recommend it, but it's competent at what it sets out to do. Worth a try."
76561198023430841,Recommended,530890,34816015,Posted: 8 September,all,DreamyGhost,Pretty Good Game but this game build for mods.. we need more!! and tutorial to editor.
,Not Recommended,530890,25976105,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ikarrus,"A frustrating game that would have been decent if it just didn't limit how much you could save.I love puzzle games, and Haydee can actually be pretty fun if you can get over its tryhard ""hardcore"" difficulty. I wouldn't recommend it to most people, however."
76561198010311066,Not Recommended,530890,26124893,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,JAKMACK,"Its just as shallow as it looks, I thought there was a game in here, there was not. You have to have smooth controls {and smooth player models.}, a good soundtrack, and fun gameplay in order to make it worth while. Wouldn't pay more than 5 bucks for this joke of a game."
,Recommended,530890,28015604,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,robomagon,Most unexpectedly good game of the year.
,Recommended,530890,26170470,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Randy Stair,YEAH BOY MY DONG IS IN MY HAND RIGHT NOWI RATE IT
,Recommended,530890,25801386,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,A.R.S Quiddy,Breasts!!!DD/10
,Recommended,530890,35215193,Posted: 25 September,all,QTPie,22 min in the game got to know the mods now i have to type this review with one hand GGwp nice game worth buying
76561198042221576,Not Recommended,530890,33254811,Posted: 4 July,all,Kassツ♥,"First I brought the game thinking it was going to be awesome but when I installed and then start it,the game doesn't start and there's an icon saying this. ""INIT FAIL. SEE GAME LOG FOR DETAILS."" I get pretty dissapointed because I waste my money in a game that is suppose to ""work"" because steam give me a service from buying games that works. I hope the developers optimize the game a little more so it can be playable for everyone and ""NOT"" uninstall stuff from your computer and install others things from microsoft....here's an example.You buy some game in steam,install it and then hit play.the game it says there's some error and then you search through disscussions to see what's the issue and the developers reply with: uninstall some applicaction from your PC and then install other app from ""x website."" after that you can play with no problems.The thing is if you buy some game in steam it's SUPPOSE TO WORK INSTANTLY not doing the heck of a job and maybe risking your pc folders or other stuff from updates."
,Recommended,530890,25841827,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Neonstriker,Got it for the boobs; stayed for the challenging gameplay. Surprisingly fun!
,Recommended,530890,25721622,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Iron,Great game! Genuinely challenging and astounding atmosphere.Besides all that: LEWD
,Recommended,530890,25760460,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Garmonbozia Cenotaph,"I really want to like this game but the shooting is so ♥♥♥♥ing unforgiving. I want to get to the puzzle solving but theres 100 robots between me and the puzzles, and the shots I take on them dont register half of the time. the game is literally harder than a souls game even on the easy/normal setting. I love that this game exists in this politically correct age of sjws run amock but please fix the ♥♥♥♥ing controlsEdit: I passed the difficulty curve and now i'm in love. the shooting mechanics are still wonky but nothing I cant handle. Its like Darksouls and portal ♥♥♥♥ed while RE1 watched and this is the baby that came from said union. gives the true love/hate feels of a Souls game or a human relationship. 9/10"
76561198010433331,Recommended,530890,25845632,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Havran,Dem♥♥♥♥♥♥doe...
,Recommended,530890,25814013,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,waooow,"If you want to get down with the thiccness and only care about that, this is the game for you."
76561198074490663,Recommended,530890,25830401,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Melvin O'Houlihan,>Be me>See haydee while browsing the Steam store>Boner.jpg>Purchase haydee>Play vanilla game for about 30 minutes>Install nudity mod>everytime I climb a ledge I get to have robopus in my face>diamons.jpg>♥♥♥♥♥♥/10 would have puspus in face againNo but it all seriousness this game is really well done in my opinion the controls are a little wonky and hard to get used to but I have come to love them.  If you are looking for a cool platformer that makes your PeePee hard this is the game for you.
,Recommended,530890,28547655,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,OMGiTzSara!,"BubbleButt Bubble Bubble BubbleButt, @ss 4 dayz! :p"
76561198040828368,Recommended,530890,35097912,Posted: 20 September,all,Neozoon,"1st minute of gameplay: Nice curves, let's move on!5th minute of gameplay: WTF, where is the WASD-hand?"
76561198091150995,Recommended,530890,25735419,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Winobot,MY♥♥♥♥♥♥HARD
,Recommended,530890,31801688,Posted: 17 May,all,Flibedi-floob,"You hate women, right?Don't worry - we all do.We like to stare at them with our male gazes, objectifying them, and reduce them into mere sex objects....but what if you could go one step further?Well, welcome to the future, where solutions abounds.Here you can simply take the brainscan data from one of your most hated exes, and transfer it into a sexbot....but let's not stop at our basic carnal pleasures or sex and violence. Let's put the little b**ch into a virtual gauntlet of our own design, and give her the illusion of a hope to escape! ...or maybe you'll let her go if she's earned it - it's your choice.Watch your ex die in horrible, gruesome ways, while your male gaze is free to roam all over her exposed body.Buy a Haydee today - the ultimate in guilty pleasure!"
76561198041067403,Not Recommended,530890,25791248,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Jim Goyim,"♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls for platforming ruin game, gj"
,Recommended,530890,26078547,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,♥Juvin's JuJu ♥,I bought this game only to masturbate to the hot robot
76561198052210690,Not Recommended,530890,31154080,Posted: 15 April,all,Sofia Ravn,"Worst game ever! Seriously.There's so much wrong with this garbage, I don't even know where to begin.Okay. Controls: Completely counter-intuitive. Expect to die. A lot. Okay, that's just challenging, right? We don't want a game that constantly hold our hands and walk us through every little puzzle. But seriously. I lost my patience before even finishing the tutorial level. Its a lot of small issues, that just keep messing with your game, like the fact, that to climb a legde, you have to press spacebar three times: Hanging off the ledge, halfway up (curiously waving your rear end right at the camera), and finally climbing up proper. Tell me there's not a redundant step in there somewhere. A climbing down a ledge, you have to again position your posterior right in the camera and press ctrl to drop without falling off the edge and dying instantly.Leading to my second issue: Instant death. You fall off a ledge, dead. You get bonked on the head by the first hostile creature, you're dead. You do anything you're not supposed to do, you're dead.I'll be the first to admit, that maybe I didn't give it a fair chance. Maybe I gave up too soon. Maybe it gets better later in the game. I don't know. Like I said, I lost my patience (and I usually have a lot of patience to spare).The thing that attracted me equally turned out to be a letdown: A female protagonist, right? That's awesome, finally a girlpower game? Right? Wrong! You get the play a highly sexualized half-robot woman with a practically bare butt, swaying hips, and extraordinarily huge melons. And to further rub salt in the wound of female liberation, she doesn't get a face. Because, why would guys need to look at that, with a rear and breasts like that?And contantly that oversized butt of hers is waved in the camera, as if a constant view of a woman's posterior is enough to distract the player from the numerous shortcomings of this travesty of a game (which might be the case considering how many positive reviews its gotten).I can only conclude, that this entire game is nothing more than a pretext to stare at a highly sexualized female for extended periods of time. I mean, I noticed the tags before I bought the game: Nudity, sexual content, mature, but I expected the game to be more than a platform jumper for adult players.Definitely one of the worst games I have ever tried. But hey, if you like looking at a woman with a huge rear and even huger breasts, by all means go ahead and waste your money on this, but you do know there are easier ways to find naked ladies on the internet, right? That doesn't require hours of gameplay just to figure out how the controls work."
76561198120540428,Recommended,530890,33066681,Posted: 30 June,all,Spreelly,meh good wank
,Recommended,530890,25835218,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Schned,great to spank it to after mom turns off all the naughty sites
76561198044023118,Recommended,530890,25746822,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Saber[X],Lolrolf yeh xD
,Recommended,530890,25804114,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,bengi,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,530890,25720671,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,fug,Played this game for 44 minutes and then contemplated ending my own life10/10 would watch♥♥♥♥♥physics again
76561198049356838,Recommended,530890,25712266,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Golden Gripper,"Good, Fun, Challenge and a Pretty protagonist.This game has all you need.I hope the developers added lots of outfits and the ability to remove her helmet."
76561198001251133,Not Recommended,530890,25886551,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Sledge Hammer!,"Clunky game mechanics + thin skinned developer = REFUND.The game's gimmick is that your avatar is a curvy android with wider hips than a Kardashian. But the game needs something more to it than just letting you watch a jiggly robot climb through a maze. I tried discussing in the Haydee forums why this game is not fun to play, but the developer just deletes the posts without addressing the issues. That tells me that the developer has no interest in making any changes to make the game enjoyable instead of annoying. Here's an example of how few people are actually playing the game.http://steamcharts.com/app/530890The game has no formal tutorial, so you repeatedly die trying to randomly figure out how to do the platform mechanics. Since there is an almost nonexistent save system you have to restart from the beginning of the game over and over again. I'm not sure if the developer was intentionally trying to make the game unpleasant or is trying to hide a short play length.Every game walks the thin line between being enjoyably challenging fun and being a frustratingly punishing grind. Haydee definitely falls on the misery side of that line. As the developer has no intention of listening to customer feedback, I recommend not wasting your money on this chore of a game."
76561198085199351,Recommended,530890,25736171,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Liquid-Sun,"""JugTacular!!! 9/10"" - PornPervPro"
76561198253511863,Recommended,530890,30660922,Posted: 21 March,all,+Kreuzritter+,"Users who gave this game negative reviews here......) need tutorials in order to know how to move into directions, how to fire a weapon, how to jump and how to crouch..) --""-- an arrow with the letters ""GO"" above it, to show into what direction they have to go..) --""-- a constant visible auto-map, taking at least 45% of the whole screen..) press the quick-save button every minute..) use aimbot-cheats on rail-shooters..) gave up on Moorhuhn because there are no aimbot-cheats..) cant find any objects in Hidden-Object-Games..) cant match anything in Match-3 games..) are completely mentally disabled so they are unable to move Haydee from A to B without falling off any edges or running into walls..) are buying CALL OF DUTY every year and complain how bad it is....every year..) hate women."
76561198167411394,Recommended,530890,25716927,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,W8lifts,"LOL this game, if you like tittts, butts and bots...... boy, do I Ihave some great news for you..!!!"
76561198001983842,Not Recommended,530890,34228518,Posted: 13 August,all,Orion,"This game is basically garbage. tl;dr: bad controls cripple otherwise great games, and it only takes a few minor missteps to butcher otherwise adequate controls.Basically, it boils down to the controls. They are assinine.Fun example: You hit *jump* to cancel ducking. It's not an on-press button or a toggle? Why?There is a non-obvious consequence here. When you have catch a ledge you're standing on to shimmy over, someone thought it'd be a good idea for you to have to walk blindly off the edge, turn in midair and press towards the ledge -- which is fine so far -- except you also have to hit ""jump"" midair to un-crouch, Otherwise, she won't actually grab onto the wall, and will plummet to her death in her super-awkward pose. How did this idiotic design decision make it into the game? In terms of usability, this is not exactly uncharted territory. In fact, it's really really well charted territory. I'm completely certain this is something I could do. I'm also certain that every time I die because I screw it up, I will be reminded that other games do this seamlessly, and wonder what on earth the designers were thinking.Side note: fIguring out that little gem earned me a salty 'Moron"" achievement. Classy little addition there, especially if you *like* being insulted while frustrated by incompetent interface design. Obviously it's meant as a joke, but it's like everything else about this game: sophomoric.I am no stranger to challenge. I love punishing games -- roguelikes in particular. You don't get a second warning in those, and you can often lose hours that you sank into a save with a single error. The challenge is great. But *controls* should not be one of those challenges."
76561197979875574,Recommended,530890,25713982,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Fantoche Dreemurr,"Very tough platformer.  Make no mistake, the sexy character is a distraction, there's solid gameplay under all these lovely curves.Clearly made by devs who aren't ashamed of putting a lovely femme as a protagonist and♥♥♥♥♥♥off the SJW who lurk in the forums.  Buy this with confidence if you liked Portal and want a hardcore version."
76561198069881775,Recommended,530890,25712933,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Stinky Wizzleteats,10/10 Nuff SaidGreat puzzlesAwesome ControlsCool as hell
,Recommended,530890,35227520,Posted: 26 September,all,Vincent's Reject,"11 out of 10!butplease, somebody, make PREGNANT HAYDEE outfita huge belly would sexualize her completely over the topshe is to be impregnated"
,Recommended,530890,25713628,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,StillFlow,"The animations are really good, giggity, and just being knocked down or killed exposes Haydee in some nice ways, giggity. You will see some big nude boobs on key disk, giggity. Ummmm... the physics make Haydees woman parts jiggle, giggity. You basically have something to look at while you try to beat each section, giggity.(Summary is at the bottom)But in all seriousness, each section will test your hand/eye coordination, you're reflexes, and your ability to think while your surrounded by intimidating enemy A.I. Take away Haydee and replace her with a fat ugly dude and you still have a great game with awesome shooting mechanics (save your ammo for when you really need it!)The devs already have an option so you can customize Haydee, but at the moment there is nothing in it (I heard we will be gettnig some nice stuff). The game will support mods so players can create their own section/maps/objects/Haydee/etc so as you can imagine the replay value will be very high.To summarize this:-Hard game that makes you think more than twice-Game plays smooth like Haydees bottom, giggity-You have to think on your heels (no pun intended)-Great shooting mechanics-Two difficulty settings softcore and hardcore, giggity-Challenging puzzles-Great physics and animations, giggity-Game is all about gameplay, not story! So don't buy this game expecting it to be like the witcher 3.-Haydees assets are awesome-Haydee is T H I C CThe only con i can think of is that the game is pretty hard and if you're not sharp enough it might take you a bit longer to beat a section, but thats alright because Haydee and those key disks are AWESOME!I had early access before this game released."
76561198218744805,Not Recommended,530890,25874716,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,AAAAAAAA,"Tutorial with no help, stuck in the mid, no saves, didnt made it thru the tutorial. Meh."
76561198031843303,Not Recommended,530890,25866305,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,RAF,"Pathetic, seems to hang of a ledge i have to try for 10 minutes to figure out what to do while i die every fkn time"
,Not Recommended,530890,33063356,Posted: 30 June,all,I'm Neko,Meh
76561198008724226,Not Recommended,530890,29016149,Posted: 4 January,all,Kron,"Jumps, too many ♥♥♥♥ing jumps. Jump here, jump there. Died? Start again from last save point, who knows how many minutes ago. Why no manual save? Because we're ♥♥♥♥ing ""Resident Evil"" now. Well, guess what, in ""Resident Evil"" there weren't sequences, where you could've died because of the game, not because of your fault.P.S. And as a ♥♥♥♥ing cherry on top, I get the achievement ""Moron"" for dying 3 times in one room. ♥♥♥♥ you, Haydee. Just. ♥♥♥♥. You."
,Recommended,530890,25715996,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Fluffy Ram,"IGNORE WHATEVER THE SALTY SJWS MAY SAY!!!The gameplay is solid, slightly unique to me if anything. Since the demo, difficulty has been adjusted greatly, and some other issues have been addressed aswell.The controls are more responsive than ever, no longer you do need to be smack dab in the middle to hit that jump. Though i would recommend that the devs added a proper tutorial rather than ""Figure it out yourself"" sort of segment.This game is UNFORGIVING, dark souls level of UNFORGIIVNG, you've got limited saves, so hang onto em.Whenever a fan of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥robot booty, or just want a great game, Haydee is worth a try."
,Recommended,530890,33807393,Posted: 26 July,all,astomi,ːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːsunspeedːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːthespadeːːsunspeedːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːsunspeedːːthespadeːːthespadeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːsnowflakesːːBig_HeartːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːsunspeedːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːBig_HeartːːtheorbːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːsunspeedːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdiamondstarːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːthespadeːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːdarkfaerieːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːthespadeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesːːtheorbːːbtlsnowflakeːːMagicPointːːsnowflakesː
,Not Recommended,530890,31072949,Posted: 10 April,all,Voilà Viola,N O T    T H I C C    E N O U G H
,Recommended,530890,25716054,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Kimchi,"Died four times in the same room within the first 10 minutes10/10, well worth the price point. Will probably buy for a friend for Christmas."
,Not Recommended,530890,25795100,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SlyFoxTNT☘,Wont run at all. At first it was missing .dll now the launcher just stops working. I have not seen the game with my pc at all.
,Not Recommended,530890,28582038,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Child Please,If you want porn you can get  it for free elsewhere.
,Recommended,530890,25714669,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,✅Johnny Spoiler⭐,Wish I had to put a creampie in her and the game was actually really fun. I advises this to those who like women and games with puzzle.
76561198127671235,Not Recommended,530890,25747089,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,andrewcdavis16,i very much want to play but every time i try and launch the game i get the same messeg (init failed see game.log for details) and i got no clue what dat is
,Not Recommended,530890,25759081,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Yung Cash Register,why the hell is this getting good reviews this game is a hot steaming pile of dog doo doo am i getting trolled
76561198085186682,Recommended,530890,25712631,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Laluk,"\Great ""assets"". No more words./"
,Recommended,530890,25712630,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,𝓥𝓲𝓷𝓬𝒆𝓷𝓽,Masterpiece
,Recommended,530890,27825599,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ashen Rose,"The game is unfair in places, and sometimes I would say it's too challenging too, but it's still a game worth playing. I enjoyed my time with it.So, I obviously bought the game for the♥♥♥♥♥♥ No two ways about it, I like to watch♥♥♥♥♥♥bounce, and boy do they. But I came for the♥♥♥♥♥♥ I stayed for the game. See, the thing about Haydee herself is that you start to ignore her voluptuous body after an hour of play, and it just becomes ""her"", rather than ""her♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; or ""her♥♥♥♥♥quot;.The game itself is good, too. I like the shimmying around and the progression you go through to get to the end, although just a bit of direction would make the game even better. I'm not asking for an objective marker or anything like that, I'm more asking for something like ""Find the thing in this area"". Sort of like a checkbox more than anything.One last complaint, Haydee's waist could do with being slightly narrower. When she grabs onto a ledge, it looks like she's really fat. It's the hip-to-waist ratio. Come on, game designers, get with it!10/10 would fap again."
,Recommended,530890,26858355,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Sargebiffy,♥♥♥♥♥♥of the year
76561198177756595,Recommended,530890,27266897,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NovaDragonSlayer,"What can I say? Its a puzzle game that takes time, it can be pretty aggravating but the views can be quiet relaxing ;D. The overall game itself is pretty good. The thinking you have to put into it is actaully nice. I've looked for a game like this. Like I said what more is there to be say?"
,Recommended,530890,27327526,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Moom,"Besides wobbly robotic girl bits, this game is pretty challenging.It has an unforgiving save system that limits you by using floppy disks with only so many charges on them. Along with a limited bullet and weapon supply this game could have you tearing your hair out.Or you could just stay for the huge tush taking up eighty percent of the screen."
,Recommended,530890,27384528,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gabe Almen,"This is quite a game, people get fixated with the design of haydee, but hey, heroes come in all shapes and sizes. The game is quite hard for someone who is not patient enough, if you die, well, it sucks, all the way back, but that is nice, it gives the feel of hardcore gaming, games were quite unforgiving back in the day, and this will make other people realise how much we took hand-helding in our games this days"
,Recommended,530890,27360728,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,asiacream,"the shape of haydee is ...... tempting, huge bouncing breasts and huge hips ....　distractiing. a sexy woman focused on some real tough business, it's amazing!"
76561198108776067,Recommended,530890,26664125,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,A Greedy Bastard,"*GREENLIGHT PAGE WITH DEMO LINKS*https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=735346310Don't you just love clearing out a room of enemies just so that when you leave andd come back later you run straight into the arms of a new one that spawned?I very much enjoyed this game.  I found out about it after some fanart was posted just after it was approved from Greenlight.  So yes, I came for the sexy robot.  But that's not why I stayed.  I played the demo first and it definately gave a nice sense of atmosphere as I walked through the seemingly abandoned lab rooms.  The music in each area fit well and even in the later sections I felt scared for what may be around the corner.If you're still not sure about this game, there's a demo that is still available on the Greenlight page.  Give it a shot.  For those who enter, I look forward to meeting you at the end*GREENLIGHT PAGE WITH DEMO LINKS*https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=735346310"
,Recommended,530890,26965475,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jacknurse,"It's okay. As far as 3D puzzle platformers go there is a lot of choice available in this game. For example: there is the option to play as a female robot with generous proportions as well as turning the game off.I was standing in a corridor and pushed a button to open a door, and naturally I was murdered from both sides by irrate robots that lept out of the walls.I give this game a 9/11 - a definite contender for the most memorable christmas present this season."
,Recommended,530890,26894497,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,WoodyWu,"Terrible control, boring BGM......but who care. We all love sexy butt right? I am looking for more ""intereting"" mods. ^-^"
,Recommended,530890,26813210,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,T H E O D O S I U S,"The ""assets"" are cool. You'll just have to avoid the friction and the gameplay will be silky smooth... ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)(not perverted in anyway imagineable)"
,Recommended,530890,28687933,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,hislittlecuzin,"This FAAHH...It's a good game. Smooth platforming, comprehensive controlls. Really is a kickback to old school games with the designs. You have to be in certain stances to perform certain moves, the game tells you nothing. I advise checking out the controlls before playing the game. It's frustrating but built well. Everything makes sense. It really is a gem of a game. I just ragequit though because I did the same room 3 times, and died to things that were all my fault as I let my guard down. This game doesn't let you play like normal games. You have to be methodical, and not just rush in. There are some nice secrets for those that spend the time to find them. For instance ammo.My only quarrel is the hotkeys for your toolbelt. I play with non-standard controlls, and it is a bit irritating to try and cram all these controlls in a non-standard format. (Non-standard as in I don't play WSAD nor up down left right.)"
,Recommended,530890,28136300,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Pointman,"This game is a real test of your willpower and tenacity in games.To win you need to keep concentration and always thinking. Gameplay is challenging.In short: Haydee = Resident Evil 0-4 (save stations, metroid playstyle, limited inventory, weapon aim) + Portal (overall color sheme) + Dark Souls (difficulty)."
,Recommended,530890,28334762,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,The God King™,"apperenly half naked androids make me more focus and robots are my turn onthis game is perfect for people that love puzzle games. Level design, enemies and everything else. 10/10"
,Recommended,530890,29369987,Posted: 19 January,all,TheKey4427,"after like a week of continuous playing of Haydee, i managed to find all three endingsthe game is f-cking hard and confusing as ballsi love it. i love the concept, gameplay, character ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) and settingi wont play it again because its too long, hard and tedious. but that same thing makes so coolother than that, i love it. its the hardest puzzle metroidvania game of the year and im happy i bought it"
76561198353014580,Recommended,530890,29305805,Posted: 16 January,all,Adler Young,"Well this game is hard as heck (aka I'm just not a very good player).  I normally don't care much for platformers, and having to to the same thing over and over again because my character keeps dying is usually a mood killer for me .. so why do I like this one so much?  Is it because Haydee is sexy & has the most luscious walk-cycle since Final Fantasy's Fran?  Yeah, that's probably part of it.  But there's also something starkly beautiful about the mysterious pipes-and-cinder-blocks facility that is Haydee's wordless, deadly world.  The puzzle designs are elegant and engaging.  None of the deaths are arbitrary; every time my Haydee died I felt like I had earned it by being too slow or too clumsy, never because the game ""cheated.""  And I was always able to go back & do it better the next time.   And the music .. listen to that music you guys.  It's actually pretty good.  Each area has a different soundtrack as well as a different paint color on the railings & pipes.  Even though I have wasted many hours not making any progress and re-playing the same rooms endlessly, paradoxically I am still enjoying the experience.I came for the fanservice but stayed for the gameplay.  Haydee is a work of art.(EDIT)  Okay, I finished it .. and if I was able to finish this game then it couldn't have been all THAT difficult.  Admittedly I had to take the easiest ending and am now replaying so I can get back to this point with enough mines to survive the horrible slaughterfest that guards the other two endings.  (Don't waste your mines, kids. There's a limited supply and if you're a poor shot like me then you will need to have at least 4 left when you get to the end.)  Still, FREAKING GREAT GAME.  I hope this development team is able to keep working.  I'll definitely be looking out for the next thing they make."
76561198085214445,Recommended,530890,31387352,Posted: 26 April,all,The Necropixie,"I can sum up my opinions on Haydee in 2 words. It's fine. Not the best game I've ever played, I've played much worse, and it does have some fun gameplay, puzzles, and platforming to it. The contols are a bit heavy but you can adjust to it, and while the game is fun it can be a little to punishing at times. I got stuck on a section where I did not have enough bullets to fight my way out, or health to get by. So I installed a cheat till I got past. Overall, Haydee is a fun game with issues. It's priced a little to high right now (14.99 is a bit to much imo), so if you can get it on sale I would say its worth it."
,Recommended,530890,31362391,Posted: 25 April,all,Münchausen by Proxy,"♥♥♥♥ me, this game is hard.I bought this game for the same reason everyone else did:♥♥♥♥♥♥♥robotThis is a pretty good Metroidvania. Exploration is fun and rewarding. The artstyle is okay, the level design is good, but all the same floor and wall textures are recycles a lot and make every room look the same.The scarcity of ammo and save disks reminds me of the early Resident Evil games. This game would be a decent scifi survival horror game if the enemies were scary (in fact, you can replace them with Xenomorphs thanks to the workshop)Also the workshop has a lot of cool models you can use if you're too much of a beta to handle Haydee's thiccness.PROS:- Metroidvania- survival elements- decent platforming for a 3D game- Workshop is growing rapidly (mostly models and skins right now, but more and more levels and game changers are being added)-♥♥♥♥♥♥♥CONS:- Camera is okay, but clearly focused on fan service (your entire screen will be Haydee's♥♥♥♥♥whenever you crouch). Can make walking around a bit of a hassle- controls are okay (you can't press the crouch button to uncrouch, you have to jump)- only two enemy types- no story whatsoever (This isn't exactly bad, but I wish Haydee would at least talk or make some kind of noise)- sound track is pretty generic, but fits the atmosphere"
,Recommended,530890,33219651,Posted: 4 July,all,stanthony360,One of the best games here I only wish someone any one would make a full Bayonetta  1 and 2 Mod and a Enemy Mod too would hurt this game gets a 7.8 out of 10 from me oh and Vanessa Z. Schneider belongs in this game it was a underrated GameCube called P.N.03https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngUaOCvcr18
,Recommended,530890,33231939,Posted: 4 July,all,thatparticularguy,"Haydee is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Game does not hold your hand and guide you along, you WILL die a lot. Not for the impatient gamer. Also, did i mention Haydee is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198279821994,Recommended,530890,33448212,Posted: 10 July,all,Meow_Meow_Farm,"Haydee is honest in the description section.  The game is hard and relies on ""trial and error"" as many old school games.  I'd recommend playing with a controller if you have one.  The fun comes from the challenge and sexy mods."
,Recommended,530890,35380020,Posted: 1 October,all,K-Night 星辰,Haydee!!!!!!! If we downloud too many mod game will be not work !!! plz repair it!!!!
