user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,531050,28135178,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Xzanos,"OverviewWicked cool VR, space sim, combat free rogue-like that has you sweating bullets as you make snap decisions that will soon haunt you and work like a modern day engineer fixing up gigantic drones. Personally I like what's done especially with how unique this game is. I'm really really happy with this purchase even with a learning curve that is basically a cliff face and a few problems but let me break down the good and bad in detail.What do I do?This game's meat is you flying from solar system to solar system to make it to humanity's last hope for a new beginning. Your problem is that you only have enough fuel to jump a few stars at a time. How were you ever expected to make it there then? Drones! You have two 50 foot tall metal buddies that you can send out to any planet. One scans the planet and tells you of resource clumps while the other collects said resources. Cool right? That's simple enough.However, life in space is awful and things aren't that simple. Each drone needs maintenance to keep on keepin' on and it's up to you to manually do this. This is exactly where the learning curve comes in and it's exactly where you'll find yourself either loving or hating this game. To put it in perspective each drone is absolutely huge in VR. Big enough that each part is at least the size of a car engine and each drone has 4 or 5 parts to work on, each part then has roughly 3-7 subparts to work on and steps to remove these. Parts are things like, thrusters, fuel container, drillbit, etc. Subparts are things like the exuast valvue, fuel cells, gears, pistons, fans and more. This is already tough to understand but it becomes even more difficult to get when you have to know what each part's purpose is and whether or not to upgrade them and how to spend your resources to do so.Not to mention that unless you are at a blue ""rest star"" you are on a time limit due to your ships battery. This drains depending on energy usage but you can turn off unnecessary systems to buy yourself some time. Although, not many systems are really something you can sacrifice. You only have options to turn offwhat I assume ishyperdrive, oxygen and monitors/information. You need everything there as you go about your ship but hyperdrive.General Game Idea~Move about a galaxy aiming to get from point A to point B~No Combat~Scan local planets and gather ore and fuel from them~Manually repair/upgrade complex gigantic drones~Additional resource management with managing overall ship fuel/battery life~Rather quiet~High learning curve and lots of difficulty~Great atmosphere~Rogue like elementsThe Good StuffAMPMImmediately I'll tell you that this is the first VR game that I am convinced that I could keep coming back to. The 3 difficulties and large learning curve mixed with gorgeous AAA graphics and a sweet feel to physical objects all comes together to make a great soup of a game. Even simply replacing fuel cells on both drones feels good and gives a more connected feel with your two greatest toolsand friends ;-;Smaller things that I also appreciate but are still worth mentioning are things like the amazing atmosphere, good use of VR mechanics, a 20$ price tag and a game that isn't an early access title and feels like it belongs as a full release. Also a small plus that you can optionally use a gamepad to play but I wouldn't give up the VIVE motion controls for the world. Not to mention an established history of devs that care with quite frequent updates. These are ALL amazingly strong points and ALL well and good but they are ALL overshadowed by one looming reason to buy or not to buy this game.Reasons to Buy+Replayability+AAA graphics+Feel of VR objects+DifficultyNice Bonus+Atmosphere+Gamepad and Motion Control Options+Pricetag+NOT Early Access+Mostly bug free+Frequent UpdatesA Mixed BagDrone repair/upgrade'sThe core mechanic is Drone repair and upgrading.This system is either the reason to get or avoid ""Far Beyond"". For me it is gold. I love it. It asks you to learn but isn't more difficult than it needs to be. It makes you feel clever and handy without being cumbersome. It's a wonderful system and some people are going to hate it. Which is too bad but, ce da la vie. What might be good for one person can be frustrating for others. The same systems that I love such as literally unscrewing hatches and fans, picking out new pieces, unlocking part blueprints and more can just feel tedious and unexciting for some people. Another possible criticism to mention that I've seen one reviewer really gripe about is that this game uses a teleport only movement system. It should be mentioned that this teleport system only allows you to teleport to parts of your ship. It's not like a ""point then move"" system i.e. ""The Lab"". Personally I like this as I don't lose my lunch but I guess this breaks immersion for some which is a fair point to see as a negative if you are really in it for the immersion.The reason to get or avoid this game-/+ The major repairing and upgrading mechanicA smaller reason to get or avoid-/+ Teleport only movement systemThe Bad StuffReading things sucksWhat do I hate here? Well more than anything it's the text and blueprints in this game. Maybe my system is running it poorly, maybe my VIVE is a little smudged, maybe my eyeball distance isn't quite right but bottom line, textandthe small instruction manuals for each individual drone segment are so difficult to read that this is the dealbreaker if you'll ever find one. Not to mention that there isa lotof reading to do. Read the letter your father left you, read instructions on your ships motherboards, look at the blueprints for the cooling system. This list goes on. While I'm willing to overlook this issue, I can see others that might not be as patient as myself. Another problem is the physics system. It's good, a bit too good maybe? I actually dropped my screwdriver early in one of my runs down into the bowls of my ship and I didn't get it back, I just had to make a new screwdriver. Like it was swallowed up. I also later had a problem when I teleported away from my drone while a part was out and lost it forever to an unknown sourcegnomes, definitely gnomesThat's the worst of it but a few other smaller issues for myself are still around to mention. Issues such as the tutorial. By the time it was over I felt like I understood very little. Also the robot to help you through it had a voice that was way too monotone for my tastes (even if it is fitting for a robot). Another smaller issue was pointed out in a review that claimed issues with low ceilings or in my case ceiling fans that give issues working on the bottom of the mining drone. I bumped my own fan working vigorously to repair the drone that I have now named ""Tigger the Digger""The Scanning drone I've dubbed ""Spanner the Scaner""Despite these minor gripes I still can't recommend this game enough.Bad stuff-Text and Blueprints-Significant amount of reading-Dropping tools into oblivion-Part GnomesLess bad stuff-Spatial issues with low ceilings or low ceiling fans-Short monotone tutorialFinal VerdictMust HaveBuyWait for SaleDemo FirstNever TouchDISCLAIMER:8 Hours so far. I haven't beat the game yet nor do I feelcompetent"
76561197960977026,Recommended,531050,26306985,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Kektain,"EDIT: The latest update makes the difficulty much more configurable!Love the concept of this game, a sort of very physical space engineer trying to survive while running maintenance on the probe systems that you use to retrieve fuel and materials.  Imagine trucking simulator, but while the truck is futuristic enough to drive itself, it also guzzles fuel like the fuel line is made of chicken wire, and the engine breaks down all the time and demands manual repairs using expensive parts, and if you spend too long away from the healing light of a truckstop, you suffocate and die.  Except the truckstop light eventually breaks.Bugs still exist (""Warning: incoming storm.""  when all is calm, disappearing resources in some situations) but nothing gamebreaking.  Not sure the difficulty is quite tuned yet either--even on the lowest level it's common to find yourself stranded without fuel and without any way to get some.  You have a vague idea of where the next truckstop is, but it's entirely possible to run out of fuel looking for it.  Of my four deaths, three were simply running out of fuel (the fourth was letting my mining probe run out of fuel, which renders it unrecoverable, and a solar storm started and my battery failed and I suffocated)Once you've replaced fuel cells and optimized your recycle/generate/destock/load cycle, you get to keep doing it anyway--higher levels of equipment may demand different procedures, but I haven't lived long enough.  This game thrives on those interactions, the more of those the dev puts in the better.  That being said, there's not a lot of complexity to actually using the probes: Mass-Effect style scanning with the discovery probe, heat management with an on/off switch and consumable cool-down modules for the mining probe.  They'll happily gather more material than your hold has room for, and quietly vent it to space upon returning.Regardless, it's still great to hang around the repair bay, pulling apart the rad shielding to replace the berker cell, or cursing at the plasma accelerator when the goddamn stator motors came back on and almost fry your hands.  Those are the real strengths of the game.  If it weren't for the fevered pace it demands, it'd be a great podcast game."
76561198147982189,Recommended,531050,26320995,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,steel chopstick,"Did you ever beat FTL?Youre about as likely to beat this.This game is Impossibly hard, even on the easiest difficulty, and thats why i love it.  Battery swapping simulator meets FTL randomness (dont expect to make it your first try...or your tenth).  This game was surprisingly very polished, well thought out, and well executed.  Space mechanic trucking simulator vr experience we have all been waiting for."
76561197987424114,Recommended,531050,30906335,Posted: 2 April,all,Barael,"Its a fun little game. You have 2 drones, one for scanning/exploring planets, one for collecting ore and fuel. Your battery is inexplicably only charged up at stars that are blue and every moment you are not parked next to one your battery life drains. Blue stars are spread out over the galaxy and you have to manage a whole bunch of♥♥♥♥♥♥on your journey between them life fuel for your ship and your drones as well as the various components of your drones which can break.Basically breaks down to a fuel cell replacement simulator since you will spending a great deal of time replacing empty ones. This act isn't so bad it's just the efficiency in which you do so. You recycle the old cells to get the raw material from them one at a time. Open the drawer, put the fuel cell in, recycle, open the drawer, put the fuel cell in, recycle, open the drawer, put the fuel cell in, recycle, until you got them all. Then you have to mash the hydrogen element button a couple of dozen times before making the fuel cells. Then you take them out one by one by one by one in the same way you put them in. This is a really ♥♥♥♥♥♥ way to do this. The first few times it isn't too bad but by the 10th time your just like FUUUUUUUU.It feels like a menial chore by the first playthrough on easy and when I gave it a go on hard I sent my drones out, collected the stuff, then noticed they were out of fuel and said ♥♥♥♥ it I'm done. Its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can't recycle more than one object at a time and its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can't restock more than one item at a time.In between refueling you ships there is a bunch of other stuff to do like replace parts that begin to break due to wear and the mechanical aspect of it is easy, its not so easy to tell at first what needs to be replaced. They need better textures to indicate which parts are getting wear and need to be replaced.Its just like many other VR Games out there, quick, shallow, quickly consumed and just leaves you wondering why no one wants to take these short little ""demo"" games onto something better and deeper. There is so much potential with something like this for something so much better.Its worth it if its on sale for a fun few hours but Im glad I didn't pay full price."
76561197970494630,Recommended,531050,31049972,Posted: 9 April,all,Skye Grey,"OK I have only been able to play through one system so far...but the experience is good. Without more to do than scan/drill/repair I can see this game getting old quickly, but maybe the devs will add some new things in the future.If you liked the robot repair demo in The Lab...then this is basically what the game consists of. Now to the Pros/Cons.Pros:-The sense of scale is good.-The setting is good, I like sci fi settings and this one is pretty decent.-The game did not crash in the 1.5 hours I played...so good job there as well.-The controls are solid...they work well and consistently  with the Vive controllers.Cons:-Annoying robot voice...please go to your nearby liberal arts college and get a voice actor! They will work for cheap. :D-Let me move around the environments please, currently limited to 1.5mx2m areas.-Make the screwdriver electric...thanks to an injury twisting my wrist is not cool or fun.-Please be more specific about what parts need replacing on the probes...the guessing game is boring. Replacing entire assemblies because the general area of the probe only shows yellow is ridiculous. Its like a car mechanic replacing an entire engine because of one random noise.-Height...bring the fuel stacks and main holo panel down...its made for 6ft people right now! I have to stand on my tip toes to open the fuel stack storage! Maybe just make them push button to open....lifting the lids is not really adding anything to the experience.-Add a library for the robots speeches, he zoomed through the back story and wow, no hitory book to reference for whats going on there.I would say 7/10 for now...good but not great."
76561198003304367,Recommended,531050,26586488,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Kallen,"This game is hard, even on the easiest setting, I mean no storms even. No matter what you do it seems as if you always forget or miss something..... I love it! This is pure strategy, no battles with aliens, nothing attacking you, this is chess in space. Please keep making games like this, this is such a brilliant concept of doing all maintenance and upgrades yourself. I can't wait to see if I can ever work my way up to the hard setting. This is a must have for your VR collection. Thank you."
76561198040869501,Not Recommended,531050,33620536,Posted: 17 July,all,Toasty,"Incomplete product, developer hasn't shown activity since february."
,Not Recommended,531050,33171249,Posted: 3 July,all,Xaviens,"Honestly just painful to play.The game's tutorial starts up with a little robot ball who sounds suspiciously like Microsoft Sam, and it gets worse from there. The game revolves around some fairly simple repair and maintenance tasks which you must perform over and over again, as parts wear out at a ludicrous rate, having a lifetime measured in seconds, even when fully upgraded. The hard part is that the collision detection is spotty, especially when pushing buttons, or trying to pick things up.You start out in a system with a blue star, which is apparently the only kind that can recharge your ship's power cells, which let you continue breathing. The trick is that once you leave that system, you find that your ship's power cells last for (at the lowest difficulty) 10 minutes. In these 10 minutes, you must find another blue star, which doesn't sound hard, until you realize that you carry limited fuel, and the stars aren't marked, you only get search areas. So basically you get to flail around for 10 minutes, hoping that you find a blue star, and don't end up stranded in a system with no planets to gather fuel from.I didn't find it entertaining."
76561197992681129,Recommended,531050,26407457,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,BellamyBro,"In a sea of generic space VR experiences and wave shooters, Far Beyond stands out and is easily my favorite VR game to date. The combination of menu interactions and tactile use of tools to repair components of the ship are a wonderful combination and keeps the gameplay fresh. If you enjoy an old-school challenge, with very little handholding and everything on the line, I highly recommend this game. In the words of AVGN, it pisses you off just enough that you don't want to give up.I can't wait to see how this game develops and look forwrad to all of the updates.However, I have one big con for anyone living in a place with low ceilings.I have gotten about halfway to the end of the game but unfortunately hit a gamebreaking barrier due to the size of my play space. I have a large enough space (greater than 2m x 1.5m) , but this game did not give any recommendatins for height requirements. Some of the components (particularly the module at the bottom of the Dig Master) are high up and impossible to reach if you have low ceilings. I have hit a point where the component is broken and I cannot reach the screws to remove and replace it.Unfortunately I cannot progress any futher due to this issue. But I hope the developer builds in functionality to either bring componenets lower or articially increase the height of the character."
76561198100471077,Recommended,531050,28988729,Posted: 3 January,all,Inferno,"Amazing ""full"" game for VR. When you play this, all the other games seem more like arcade demos than games.Buy if you are up for a real challenge that makes you plan your every move and carefully think through spending your resources then this ones for you. Awesome use of risk vs. Reward forcing you to take some chance.Careful though, as it is really easy to leave your probe behind or let it run out of fuel on its way back to you. Losing a probe in any way means instant loss, just quit and try again.Controls are amazing. The constant repairs become very natural and plugging in a fresh new part is very satisfying and relieves some stress of knowing it won't break down any time soon.Prologue does not do this game justice as the robot talks your ear off but in the real game, he only says the into then never talks again.You are alone... very alone. Death is always close and a very simple mistake will kill you so this game is only for players really wanting a challenging game even on ""easy"" mode.Absolutely recommend."
76561197965811997,Recommended,531050,28809326,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Plague Doctor,"The Game is fun, but not necessarily exciting.It's frustrating, and can be unforgiving.-Movement: Stationary play areas that are selected through a ""menu"" (don't let that turn you away, it works and you wouldn't want to have to travel between all these stations, it would drag the game in a bad way.)-Story: Just enough in the tutorial to give what you are doing context.-Game play: Imagine Job Simulator had an interesting baby with Elite Dangerous. Rouge, resource/time-collection/management, space-ish sim.You are an/the Ark for human kind, but whoever planned the route sucks and now instead of chillin’ on ice you have to hop from system to system; collecting resources; maintaining your ship and two probes; and scrape by with about as little luck as there are resources.I'm happy with the sale price I got on it.It has my seal of approval."
,Recommended,531050,26328053,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,KpFü J. Schliebe [Volkssturm],"I absolutly love this game, the concept of being on a spaceship and manipulating the systems is my type of game. This is one of those space exploration games where you have to mine fuel and minerals to further the trip, but with a cool twist. That being you have to fix up your probes and mineral extacter as they are a limited resource and your ship runs on battery power which can make the game a little difficult BUT neither here nor there. I found this game extremly apealing and the fact that its still in development but functional to this level is awesome. There are a few things on my wish list I hope to see come true those being a possibility of a multiplayer experience, how awesome would it be to be on the ship with a friend. The second being that you can work on not only the probe and miner as it is now but also work on the ship and upgrade its internal systems. Overall I would give this game in its current state a must try and with the current discount going on a must buy! As I write this im waiting for the child to go to sleep so I can have some more fun and try to get further than i did last night while learning the ropes."
,Recommended,531050,26703414,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Korish,"Wow, reminds me of Out There, without the alien encounters but 100x cooler. If they can clean it up a bit and replace the computer generated voice I would say this should be included in the Vive bundle. I have had more fun playing this than any of the other VR games I own and I'm only an hour in."
76561197966471600,Recommended,531050,28987742,Posted: 3 January,all,Bemaze,"Disclaimer: I haven't played the game a lot yet, this is more of an 'initial impressions' review. It really wowed me though.Pros:- Loved the 'experience' of this game. I felt like I was the sole commander of my very own spaceship. Very immersive.- I really enjoyed the concept of actually repairing things rather than just clicking on a button that says repair as with other games.-The static workstation layouts worked very well with my room-space and helped a great deal with immersion.- I liked having to press a button on one glove with the finger of the other hand. This felt more immersive than a menu mysteriously popping up.- The presence of the robot moving around you made the tutorial very interesting.- I liked that it was actually a game, and required understanding the game mechanics to succeed. Had to restart a few times, but it felt good to get better at it.Cons:- Difficult to follow the tutorial at times. Was stuck for significant periods of time trying to figure out what the tutorial was asking me to actually do. This felt more frustrating because all other interactions were locked at that time making you feel very constrained. Instructions were sometimes vague.- Small quality issues such as your launched probe being visible in the scene even when it is supposed to be orbiting a faraway planet and the noise of the hyper-drive engine being very underwhelming compared to all the other effects in the game.- The robot is just an annoying presence in the main game once the tutorial is over. It would be good if he could bob around a bit and say things once in a while.Summary: If you've ever played Mass-Effect and want to 'experience' commanding a space ship like the Normandy but without any crew or weapons this is the game for you."
76561197972474195,Recommended,531050,31404884,Posted: 27 April,all,Captain Saunders,"Excellent game. A little slow and a little intimindating at first... but once you start, it's hard to stop. Expect to die often the first few times until you get the hang of it.It does get a little repetitive and I wish there were more events rather than just storms, perhaps boarding parties or enemies while you explore (perhaps board other ships; future content maybe!), but I understand it's not that sort of game.Overall, I extremely enjoy playing and will continue playing until I make it to the end.Note. Play with 10 minute battery. Anything less is for masochists."
,Recommended,531050,30817697,Posted: 29 March,all,Snaxx,"It's like Car Mechanic Simulator had a baby with FTL. Makes excellent use of the touch controllers.The rougelike/exploration bit is neat, but I think its best as a zen Spaceship Repair Simulator."
76561198355054607,Not Recommended,531050,29471149,Posted: 24 January,all,VRJames,"I really wanted to like this, I really did. After getting over the initial annoyances of having to swap the hand controllers because the game initializes with left and right transposed, the game play is really just resource extraction and repetitive repair tasks. These sequences are nicely done, but it seems the main gameplay consists of jumping to stars; battery running down; jump to another one; find it's not blue; fuel running low; mine some fuel; battery gets lower; try another star; no, it's no blue and dead. Rinse and repeat. One day this is going to be a nice game, but at the moment it's just frustrating. Requesting a refund :-("
,Recommended,531050,26529140,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Swofehuper Hemanmalemanson,"People say it's repetitive, and that's true. You'll bee recycling the same fuel cells again and again.However!The whole thing is real life sized (as you would hope). There is so many different parts to keep in check you'll be wondering how to fix the rest while exchanging fuel chells. And it's not just twist, grab, pull, drop, reverse all the time. Sometimes you'll be working overhead, sometimes you'll need to crouch down to reach something, all the while thinking about where to send the probes next. Resources are very limited!Graphics are very decent. Finally a game that dared to distance itself from the shiny, simplistic feel that you have when playing e.g. the Lab, meaning there are actual textures and not just color fills.Make sure your room is high enough, and calibrate correctly. Otherwise some parts will be physically unreachable.From some of the other reviews I didn't know what to think, and I wanted to try it for the two hours until return is impossible. My first session lasted three hours, and it's 3am. Definitely recommend."
76561198108952114,Recommended,531050,29807609,Posted: 9 February,all,Torus,"Feels like like a mix between Job Simulator (doing handwork to fix the machinery) and Faster Than light (no combat, but strategic resource mangement and me against the universe atmosphere).I spend 8h in the first session and could have sworn it were just 3.The devs are really responsive in the forums and fixed a minure issue I reported in less than 48h."
,Not Recommended,531050,29362108,Posted: 19 January,all,Deckcardcoin,"Started game, warped to first new star, did some mining, warped back to blue star to refuel, but my hands wouldn't unfurl (permanently clenched fists). Couldn't select anything in the game so had to force-quit it from the desktop.In the forum I see this bug has been live for at least two weeks (on Vive hardware) and isn't even marked as early access, so I requested a refund. Maybe they broke something there when implementing the Rift hardware?Nice ideas, maybe give it 6 months or so and see if they work on it.Also, LOL at the auto-translated dialog...! xD"
76561197970461575,Recommended,531050,26568635,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,leilanilad,"More like Out There than FTL.But great game, great dev.Needed experience for Vive owners."
76561198001174076,Recommended,531050,29545239,Posted: 28 January,all,Studlystuf,"TL; WR:  Love this game. Easily one of my favorite VR games. I wish I could find more like it.I've got 30+ hours so far, and I still play this game.  I really like working on the different parts of the probes, doing repairs and crafting new modules.  The game is a grind, but if you like that, then give it a shot,-  Your ship has 3 rooms; Command, Digger's Cargo Hold, and Columbus' Cargo Hold-  Each room has a few stations that can be interacted with-  Doing repairs involves crafting modules with the resources you mine from planets/moons-  It's a familiar twist on a survival, crafting, resource gathering game-  Check it out on youtube to see what gameplay is like-  If you know like this kind of game outside of VR, then you will LOVE this-  If you've never played a space crawler, definitely youtube this game firstBlue star systems recharge your battery and fuel, so you can make excursions outward from a blue star and survey other systems (and mark them on the map in a color of your choosing), to remember what kind of resources are available to gather in each system. Always returning to a blue system when the battery is getting low.  If you really like to take your time and plan a route for an expedition, whether its trying to chart a path to a new Blue system, or just scavenging systems for Ore to make upgrades to your probes, or doing routine maintenance.  Work to expand Digger Master's capacity and depth to 100M!  Decrease your probe's full consumption, increase their speeds, watch the temperature!"
,Recommended,531050,29164610,Posted: 10 January,all,Duckson,i just had to give this a thumps up :-)since there are so many or users that give this a thumps down becouse of the flaw that is with the or controlser :-)rember guys this is first made for the vive and hece there will be a few updates to make it work with the oc thing :-)but for the vive this game is one of the best i have tryed on the vive :-)
,Recommended,531050,26325882,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Ratatouille,This game is amazing
76561197972337172,Not Recommended,531050,30786258,Posted: 27 March,all,o_O,"This game is like some sort of cross between the mobile game ""Out there"" and the VR darling ""Job Simulator"" - if Job Simulator had a hardcore version which was all serious like.I really liked Out There, it's one of my favorite mobile games. That's why I was really excited to play this game. At the same time, somehow I am just not digging Far Beyond and I didn't find it that fun. I guess just wasn't for me.Pros:-The graphics are decent-It's uniqueCons:-Unintuitive interface (It's not that bad but no other vive game that I know uses an interface like it)-Perhaps I didn't give it a long enough chance, but I don't there there are random/special events. Would be nice if you could stumble upon salvage, or an empty space station with blueprints, etc-Lots of ""clicking""... sometimes I just want to build something and get a replacement part, but I have to fiddle around clicking on a virtual screen, then sit around waiting for my order, which gives me too much time to contemplate why my technologically advanced friends who built this spaceship for me couldn't have added an option that would just tell me how many ore I would lose to build the replacement/upgrade part, instead of me having to do all the nitty gritty VR clickingGoes both ways:-Game mechanic is for a specific niche of player. Good or bad depending which group you fall intoMinor gripes:-There are many translation inaccuracies-Tutorial was difficult to understand-Lots of reading/looking closely at things in VR-If my technologically advanced race could make a freaking hyperdrive and an AI - I think they would have also given the AI hands so that it could fix things for me :)-This advanced race would also realize that it makes much more sense to manufacture a single probe that does both the scanning and drilling. Just sayin' :)"
76561198024993242,Recommended,531050,28280867,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Dzhena,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING.You owe it to yourself to give it a shot if the genre appeals to you. It can only get better.Hey devs - I would be happy togive you feedback about the tutorial. Oh, also - what do the [1] and [2] buttons on the panel do?So, I'm going to subject you all to a copy and paste from when I raved about this to friends in chat:> you start in a star system and have a place to go (sort of like Out There) waaaaay over there on the starmap> you start at a blue star & are safe - not running out of battery (and battery == oxygen == life)> so you're trying to get from blue star to blue star> meanwhile jumping uses resources> so you also need to send out _Columbus_ to scan and _Master Digger_ to extract, fuel or ore, depending on the sort of planet> the probe and the digger are _HUGE_ things> many times your size> so when stuff starts breaking down you have to go to different parts of it to maintain.> the satellite array. The propulsion system. The fuel zone> there you have a workbench, schematics, tools and a Replicator> the replicator both recycles and builds things. building things takes resources> researching new things takes research points> ore can be spent for resources (different elements have different costs) and recycling can get back both resources and gain RP>BUT!> Only used-up parts. New parts get *nothing* back. There's a gradient, all the way to broken, for how much you get back (with broken being the most)> so there's an incentive to not keep everything sparkly clean> can't really afford backups for everything> which MEANS some inevitable amount of work in a non-blue star system> which is working against the clock> so like a job simulator with a bunch of stations, Out There/space roguelike, resource management, and tech tree> bloody brilliant,."
76561197977892146,Not Recommended,531050,33361048,Posted: 7 July,all,M6Hurricane,"The game is a good concept that's terribly executed. It's Early Access at best.The item descriptions make no sense, the tutorial doesn't mention core gameplay mechanics (e.g. it doesn't mention using the grip buttons to drop markers), and how to use the essential repair tools are not explained.Overall, you will feel really frustrated because you don't know what anything does. For example, your probes go missing with absolutely no explanation as to why. Check the battery, check the fuel, aaaaaaaaaaaaand it's gone. There's also a green tool that is described by neither the tutorial nor the item description. When should you use it? What does it do? How does it work? WHO KNOWS!?"
76561197978600652,Not Recommended,531050,28679092,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Hyomoto,"Gameplay: Holy crap.  This game claims to not be early access, but maybe it should be.  The premise is fine, and once you slog through the initial tutorial there's some fun to be had but let me focus on your little robot pal.  His voice is synthasized.  Fine.  But he has no natural pauses, and everything he says is a run on sentence and it doesn't help that some of his words are wrong as well.  It's nearly impossible to understand most of it.  This alone is the most annoying and seemingly unfinished part of the game.  Additionally the tutorial is TORTURE.  Compounding the robots annoying speech is he NEVER SHUTS UP.  You just stand there, waiting until the game finally decides you can do something again and it just never ends.  I have no idea how long the tutorial is, but too long is an adequate description.  It wouldn't be so bad if you could interact with the world, or the robot or do anything while he's talking or even if his speech was done in such a way you could get interested in what he's saying but that isn't the case.I'll admit it, the tutorial burned me out and I can't stomach going back yet.  And that's compounded by my next issue:Technical: I have Oculus Touch, but the tracking in this game was so ... off, I had to give up.  I've tried different setups but no matter what I did I got wierd head movements, my hands don't track properly and even my hands themselves don't seem to respond properly.  I know Touch support is new, but 'pointing' is a pretty basic concept that the other Oculus Touch games I've played did fine, even when uneccessary, whereas here I couldn't figure out what made me point.  It just worked sometimes, and other times it did not.  They are hands, you grip the button, rest the thumb and point with the index finger in Arizona Sunshine.  It's natural, it makes sense and it makes interacting with the world the same.Just to check, I then tried other games like Job Simulator, SPT and Arizona Sunshine in Oculus, and Job Simulator and Overkill in SteamVR and my setup worked fine in those cases so I have no idea why Far Beyond has so many tracking issues for me but that combined with a mind-numbing tutorial put an early close on my time here.I'll be waiting for an update to try again."
76561198031691910,Recommended,531050,26552447,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Toki,"Fun and challenging with clear goals and a palpable sense of tension as time and rescources rapidly dwindle. Two jumps to target and three minutes of O2 remaining, mining drill overheats and breaks while I'm distracted scanning for fuel. ""Stupid! Stupid! Now I'm dead..."" Only 180 seconds to bring the probe back, replace the drill assembly, send it back to get fuel and pray the next jump isn't death. I never fake assembled anything so fast in my life. Still died and have yet to win, but it is great!"
76561198113935354,Recommended,531050,29387669,Posted: 20 January,all,Fuffud,Ever wanted to be a Spacecraft Engineer but you are failing your Physics degree so doesn't look like it will happen any time soon? Blow all your money on Virtual Reality and then buy this game so you can pretend.It's simpler and easier than real Engineering but still gives you the satisfaction of being good at it.And if you are not good at it. Then you'll run out of fuel and Suffocate! :D
76561198004368633,Recommended,531050,26463419,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SNƎƆSƎ˥∀ΛNI,"This one is really good (if you're in the market for it.) Lots of spaceman maintenance tasks, such as disassembling a giant mining drill, replacing and upgrading small parts, sending out your probes to find fuel and ore (to build more and better parts with).It is also very challenging. Recommended."
,Recommended,531050,33483838,Posted: 12 July,all,rinks361,"Has some issues but overall its a nice game. The voice acting (robot) and grammar is absolutely horrible. Wish they would hire someone that has some experience with interactive storytelling and possibly a minor in English to proof and correct the several grammatical mistakes. Gameplay-wise, the game is very stable and hand controls in VR work well enough. Getting around can be confusing though and it takes time getting used to the hand-based UI system. Flying the ship around is not very intuitive nor cinematic. You essentially fly to the sun of each system and send a probe to look at planets while you stare at a sun the entire time. Would be nice to actually pilot the ship. The graphics are also nice. I bumped up to 200 on the super-sampling, turned AA on and set textures to Ultra and there was no sign of FPS drops at all (1080 Ti).With futher refining for controls, some added gameplay elements and a better voice actor and grammatical fixes, this will be a fun VR game."
,Not Recommended,531050,29554820,Posted: 28 January,all,Pfhorge,"Really cool idea with a lot of promise, but unfortunately it's too buggy to play right now. I experienced some frozen black screens, some parts where I could hear the robot sidekick talking but couldn't see anything, and an issue where my hands weren't able to interact with anything. This could be a lot of fun if the kinks get worked out, but in its current state, I'm refunding it."
76561197961772743,Recommended,531050,26381643,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Ralphicus,A fantastic yet difficult game. A cross between the resource mining bits of mass effect 2 with a generated galaxy structure similar to FTL. Shows a lot of potential.
76561198155164348,Recommended,531050,30840456,Posted: 30 March,all,Arathorn,Wow - finally a fresh VR experince which is truely immersive! You have to like to maintain a space ship on its travel through space - pretty cool graphics of the various ship rooms and the drones. You spend some time repairing stuff and some time looking for resources - I have only played for an hour so will update after a while - but what I have seen so far is really impressive
,Recommended,531050,26757918,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Orchido,"Great game as is with even greater potential. Hours of fun, definitely worth getting.  Something has to be done about the repetitiveness of replacing the fuel cells though.  I can see this particular task becoming way too much of a chore if not tweaked.  It needs upgrade options for better/larger fuel cells or increased fuel efficiency directly.  Hopefully it's in the works.Perhaps the whole process could be sped up a tad as well.  I think the menu for upgrading, recycling, and building when at repair stations should allow use during recycling and destocking.  The best part about the many interactions available in the game is not stopping and constantly working on your own efficiency in anticipating the next step and using both your hands at the same time.  Having the pauses in work flow make seconds seem like minutes.  Of course the machine should take time to make and recycle parts but allow me to use that ""down time"" to browse the parts list to consider my next upgrade or something.  It should be non-stop action down below to contrast the slow paced contemplation of the command bay.Although lacking overall depth, the game has an engrossing level of interaction with parts within parts that need repair, replacement, and upgrading.  If they could expand the available interactions by possibly doubling the amount of variety, this would be a 40+ hour game.  At 3 hours in I still haven't explored the full complexity of all the systems but I have an appreciation for the level they're at.  It could use an additional layer to them but in being as hard as it is and that it's all a bit of a time trial, I'd be more apt for the variety I mentioned earlier instead of increasing the system's complexity.  How about just more of everything! =)"
76561198010349193,Recommended,531050,30830966,Posted: 30 March,all,Darkmocha,"This game is a lot of fun, and can be difficult depending on your settings.  I don't see this being for everyone but if you like the idea of managing a ship and maintaining the different pieces, I think you'll have a good time.  There is not a ton of hand holding in this game but once you get the hang of everything you need to do, muscle memory will kick in and you'll be repairing things almost instantly.  This is one of the first VR games where I completely lost track of time and before I knew it, 3 hours had passed when I only intended to play for half an hour.*Edited to remove the mention of the demo since apparently the devs removed it. Still a blast and if it's not for you then just return it early."
76561197994953038,Recommended,531050,27440519,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Henders,"Very, very cool.  I want to see more games like this."
76561198061372951,Recommended,531050,28381948,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,sbaker15,"Loved it! It took a bit to figure things out, still don't know everything and beat it, but i had a lot of fun with it, really good step towards the kind of things you can do with the VR. I can't wait for updates, or even more fully developed games in the future."
76561197973483579,Recommended,531050,26362057,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,baka,"Its hard being stuck in space all alown on ship thats needs repairs, you probably won't make it...But you should definitely try!"
76561198025738896,Recommended,531050,28126243,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,sorin,Roguelike random space adventure.You need to keep your ship working and make it to destination.No combat but looks like fun to me.
76561197968515358,Recommended,531050,28860448,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Killer Known As Roundhaed,"Overall enjoyable. It is a little tedious but, it doesnt drag on to long; do your chores and you will be fine. Watch your sensor (oculus) setup or you will be a little frustrated at times. Spent a total of 8 hours but, my finished easy campain i finished in a little under 3 hours. It took me a few restarts to quit dying."
76561198026368442,Recommended,531050,29239082,Posted: 13 January,all,Zachariah,"awesome game. In my top 3 favorites for VR and I have like 25. Replacing fuel cells gets a bit tedious but all in all it has a great upgrade and resource management system. very difficult first few plays through. I dont write many reviews, but this is a great looking game with a good replay value. Hope to see more games like this on the Vive soon."
76561198033286939,Recommended,531050,29891896,Posted: 12 February,all,gingytrucking,outstanding game would be good if there was ingame space music too sometimes to quiet on the ship xD wonder if there is gonna be more :D
76561198003316479,Recommended,531050,26713246,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,#IAm.MoreThanMyCommentHistory,"This game is very engaging. The tutorial explains there's a distant location you need to reach to complete your journey. To get there you need enough fuel. You can't carry enough fuel to take you all the way to the destination, so you'll need to find fuel by scanning various planets and sending a harvester where needed. While you're trying to do all this, pieces of your ship begin to break down from wear and tear. You need to use tracked motion controls to repair them. You'll also need to be creating and recycling ship parts to complete your repairs, which requires having access to raw ore, another resource you'll need to harvest in addition to fuel. Oh yeah, your ship is running on a battery that needs to be recharged, so you'll be making frequent trips back and forth between blue recharging planets, ore harvesting planets, and fuel planets as you attempt to venture further through space.You wont need a lot of physical space to do this; having enough space to extend your arms fully and to squat is enough to get you through.There is a good amount of resource management involved with the need to physically engage in ship repairs as you attempt to survive your journey. This game definitely offers a reasonable challenge with a lot of replay and has unique gameplay elements that it combines very well into one highly immersive package."
,Recommended,531050,29779985,Posted: 8 February,all,Rayeth,"Now, what have we here?Actually, I should compare this one with a raw, unpolished diamond. It's worth a lot and pretty cool if you have it, but it could be made into so much more!Don't get me wrong, I'm upvoting it for a reason. Even without fulfilling its whole potential it is still quite fun to play, but read on, if you expect a sci-fi arcade/shooter or anything action-oriented!First of all, the graphics: This is the only game I have for Vive (or can run with my Vive via 3rd party drivers) that my system can't handle. That's not because my computer is that bad or the game isn't optimized, it's just that the graphics are really really good! It's actually one of those games that really make use of a 3D environment and even on low settings is nice to look at, without getting a headache!The gameplay, the part most people might find offputting: It's very good at what it is supposed to deliver: A lonesome, quiet journey through a desolate region of space, your only friends being two giant metal drones and a quite useless flying orb computer that doesn't talk much... or at all. If you expect action like in X:Rebirth, Freelancer, Elite or anything similar to those, you are at the wrong adress. Your worst enemy here is time. It is the core element of the game and can really get your blood pumping if you are in the middle of a solar storm, without any resources, a drone that's damaged and you need to make some critical repairs with just three minutes of oxygen remaining.I personally play it with rather easy settings in order to relax, enjoy a journey through space and I also love to tinker with the drones, replacing parts, upgrading parts and exploring the galaxy.Movement in this game is not relevant. You teleport from zone to zone and move around only in your dedicated playspace. You need some space, as indicated on the store page, or it will be hard to do your tasks. Althought you don't go around the ship you still have to be pretty active sometimes. Some parts can only be accessed from below, which is easier while crouching. Some parts have to be accessed from above, thus forcing you to bent over. It looks really funny for people watching you play, as it looks like you are working on an invisible car.I really hope there will be further expansions regarding content since there is so much potential, so many things that could be added! The game in its current state delivers what it promises on the store page but I think that is about 20% of what could be there. If you like the idea of the lonesome roguelike and are a fan of repairing and tinkering, this is definetly something for you, but if you expect a storyline, combat or something along these lines, this isn't what you are looking for. The devs are still active, listening and are patching the game (although I did not encounter any bugs) and hopes are high among the current players, that there will be some expansion or DLC.I personally would set the game's price a bit lower but it is still adequate.I would really recommend you to try it out, it is a quite remarkable experience, especially if you are not used to loneliness and the feeling of being lost and, of course, if you like sci-fi games!"
,Not Recommended,531050,28108006,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,KingViking,"Take this for what it is, but a game that teleports you from room to room by way of menu selections is not immersive in any way shape or form and breaks the experience that VR can give.If that is not a dealbreaker for you, I suppose the game is decent enough"
76561197991142383,Not Recommended,531050,30075146,Posted: 21 February,all,Scottflix,"If you like space exploration and repetitiveness, this is the game for you, but don't expect more than just that.Visuals are great but the resolutions on blueprints (anything printed on paper) are very blur which makees it difficult to read.  The game feels very repetitive after an hour or so that I just got bored. I wish there was more to it than just what I've seen.Though, hats down to your crafting system."
,Recommended,531050,28998567,Posted: 3 January,all,UtCanisACorio,"EDIT: updated to ""yes"" recommendation and review altered based on new Oculus Touch support updates from devs.First and foremost let me say that I do really like this game. If you have the money to shell out, and are already heavily invested in VR having bought an Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, I say it's definitely a great entry into VR.The game is at the very least a good *concept*.  For the price, there simply isn't enough to do in terms of overall game *content*. Don't get me wrong: you'll be so busy repairing and restocking that there doesn't feel like time enough to do anything else, and maybe that's the point. Ultimately, however, I do feel left wanting for more.  For example, we can upgrade various scanning and drilling modules to get more efficient, but to what end? What about repairing the ship (you're constantly reminded that the ship suffered some kind of damage as there are exposed wires and sparking cables in the main cockpit), or even upgrading the ship itself?Pros:- mostly immersive environment- very cool concept of managing and keeping a ship up and running- decent graphics- big ship with a few different places to teleport to on board- fun concept of actually taking apart different systems and modules to replace individual components- sense of urgency to keep various systems workingCons:- even with a constant sense of urgency it gets very repetitive- quite a few bugs, such as starting a game in an unplayable scenario (scanner immediately needs repair, but there's no way to get the resources to repair it), game is set to English but some descriptions are in French, a tool that doesn't seem to do anything- very minimal explanations: buttons that don't have an apparant meaning, system faults that require time-wasting brute force disassembly to find the problem, etc.- game-breaking sitations are very possible; e.g., if you leave the scanner or digger behind after leaving the system -- even if you return immediately to that system knowing exactly where you left the scanner/digger -- it's game over and you have to re-load to your last save; etc."
76561198280330732,Recommended,531050,33192265,Posted: 3 July,all,Sansational Doge,"Great game tho maybe multiplayer should be added but make it harder when in multiplayer mode.let me say that this game is pretty buggy but it is pretty stable and you can still play but the main bugs that ive noticed are 1. you cant load the game unless you start it in the store 2. The ""Culumbus"" probe will disapear when you leave the system even when it's in you're cargo hold. those are just some minor bugs but overal great game and it shows great potenial. Keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,531050,31828210,Posted: 18 May,all,dunno27,"After having played some hours I really like this game. Okay, it is not very intuitive in the beginning, but it does not take long to get to know the routines.I have to say I liked almost everything from this game, excluding the pretty long tutorial. I think this kind of game as well as the story offer great opportunities Tonne continued, maybe in form of a DLC?Keep on developing such great games!"
,Not Recommended,531050,33632788,Posted: 18 July,all,Hyperspeed1313,"Bought it on Steam Summer Sale, and still wasn't worth my time or money. Once the prologue is supposed to put me in the view of the person I'm playing as, the screen just stays pure black. Every time. Plus, controllers default to left in the right hand and right in the left hand with no in-game way of swapping hands, so I have to take them off and swap wrists (very annoying). No clue why that happens. And this game is completely unplayable without some form of instruction, which only comes in the form of the (as previously mentioned, unplayable) prologue.Really not worth my time or money if the game can't be QA'd properly."
76561197960381245,Not Recommended,531050,31870581,Posted: 20 May,all,The Captain's LOG,"Edit (26.09.2017): There have been no updates for months and this game obviously has been abandoned. Definitely a thumbs down, I give it these tags in my library: #Unfinished/Abandoned #Buggy #rip-off #Do not buy---------------------------------I just played through the tutorial and think that this game has a lot of potential. However I would suggest revamping the tutorial: The voice actor is droning on and on and on in a boring voice and the explanation of all the main functions takes too long. After some time I found myself skipping through all of it and just reading the hints.The graphics are pretty basic: Textures quite low-res and muddy/blurry, lightning is bland and boring, modelling still pretty crude - I really hope that this will improve when the game moves out of beta and all of the placeholders will be replaced with final versions.Looking forward to trying the out ingame mechanics outside of the tutorial.In the current beta state it does not yet deserve a thumbs up (IMHO 20€ is too much - personally I think about 6-10€would be adequate) but with further work, this could become quite a good game (and warrant the price tag!)."
,Not Recommended,531050,28953840,Posted: 2 January,all,Gibinator,"The dialog in the tutorial is bad, I'm not sure if this was due to poor proof reading or a non native english developer but its some of the worse I've ever encountered in a game... EVER! Right now due to this issue alone I can't recommend this title, if the dialog gets fixed in a future update I will update my review."
76561198344708794,Not Recommended,531050,29047942,Posted: 5 January,all,shauniedarko,"I played this all of twenty minutes and gave up.  The game started with my controllers reversed (they were in the correct hands when I started the game) and then I couldn't get past the first step in the tutorial.  I tried pressing all the buttons on the dash, on my wrist.  Nothing worked. I might revise my review if I ever play this again, but a tutorial shouldn't be the thing that stymies playing a game, and that it does doesn't bode well for the rest.  The controls and tutorial need a major overhaul to make this a worthwhile game."
76561198234730524,Not Recommended,531050,28976709,Posted: 3 January,all,abc 123,"The tutorial is absolute torture. It gave me a 3rd degree burnout just having to stand there listening to this synthesized robot voice, incapable of doing anything because the game doesn't let you. Didn't even want to play after that. The game also seems to be very limited in terms of ingame progression. It is always the same ship with the same drones. If I want to stand somewhere getting a lecture, I go to my university. Refund is requested."
76561197978634610,Not Recommended,531050,28663331,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wolf396,game is unplayable if you have a small play area
,Not Recommended,531050,30203893,Posted: 26 February,all,߷TheSpoi߷,this game actually wont start anymore cause some glitch makes it where i cant move into the area where it startsidk you can buy this ♥♥♥♥♥ack or dont its your call
76561198021959030,Not Recommended,531050,26329459,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,shiznit1571,The game has very poor instructions and is very simple and gets boring VERY fast.  I am going to request a refund.
,Not Recommended,531050,33326726,Posted: 6 July,all,viliusdidit,you can't pocket that screwdriver from room to room or canibalize any of your ship in any way. could learn a thing or two from Duskers. maybe for v2.
76561197960302356,Recommended,531050,31022684,Posted: 8 April,all,Kingdud,"I just finished my first 2 hour play session. Why did I quit? Because I died. Why did I die? Well, your ship has a battery. Running all systems, that battery lasts for 5 minutes (on normal difficulty, but you can tweak that from 3-10 minutes to customize your level of difficulty). I had juggled a few systems to try and save power,  but I ended up running out and suffocating while mining fuel to jump to a nearby star and save my life.That is the rogue-like element of gameplay...you have to gamble, and sometimes you'll die because of it. Unlocks (customizable difficulty setting) are {easy/normal}/aren't {hardcore} preserved across deaths. ""What unlocks?"" Upgraded versions of ship gear. Some items are straight upgrades, like addition drilling sections (which also increase your mining tonnage!), others are situational upgrades (don't bother using your rocky output shaft on an icy planet, swap it out for the icy one.)Is the game without its flaws? No. Flaws:1. It takes *way* too many clicks to rebuild a fuel cell. 6 clicks, per fuel cell, times 4-8 cells (across two probes) that need remanufacturing just gets tiresome!2. I should be able to remanufacture more than 1 fuel cell at a time. Custom code just on that specific part of the probes should allow me to remanufacture multiple fuel cells...but not if I put a screwdriver or something else in there!3. The grip distance and gesture support for unlocking fuel cell doors is not as smooth as I'd like. I want to be able to just reach out and sorta swipe at the thing to open it (since you can't convey to me that it is super-heavy duty sealed, and because it's physically small, I assume it takes no more than a few lbs of force to unlock the thing!)4. For the propulsion maintanence sections of the probes, please include a second light so I can see both my tools and the work area at the same time. I know I can move the light, that gets annoying with all the other mirco-management I am doing.5. Wear indicators do a bad job of indicating wear. Whenever the breaker cell on the scanning probe is low, the satellite array still shows green. Whenever the stabilizer housing for the thruster is marginal (yellow) it shows green until you unbolt the thruster, unscrew the housing, and place it into the recycle bay. Please make these indicators actually indicate the actual module status without having me demount them.Don't let me flaws put you off buying the game though. It's totally worth it unless you KNOW that you hate games where the entire game is mostly about maintaining something and carefully exploring. This game is good quality. I'm pleased."
76561197964003991,Recommended,531050,31100714,Posted: 12 April,all,cajun,"Even though this game is released it has bugs as if it was early access. The game crashes or has video lag at random times. There are some UI elements that seem to be partially thought out; specifically the crafting is still tedious. Overall this game is pretty awesome when it works. There are many interactions you have to perform and it gives you the feeling of working on the ship. There is an unforgiven resource management side that is barely touched on but you'll find it quick on your first few failed runs :) .PRO:- A lot of spatial VR mechanics to keep you busy- Good graphics- Decent spatial sound- Good replayability via a random mapCON:- Needs more optimization- Despite having the Left and Right controls correct in the lobby the game may swap hands on you at launch- Tools can lag in place and rubber band while moving- Can only recycle one item at a time regardless of size- My most common reason to stop playing is the game crashes- The prologue / tutorial is looooooong and booooooringI'm recommending this game because despite the downfalls I still want to play it again. I do hope that they continue to support the game and enhance the playability of the game. If you frustrate easy, I'd add the game to your wishlist and follow the patch notes. If you want an action packed game then this probably isn't for you.If you have an explorers mindset and like tinkering with mechanics then you'll enjoy this game."
76561198040654274,Recommended,531050,31146798,Posted: 14 April,all,Alex_Aitman,"This is not a perfect game, but it is so engaging and addictive that you can clearly see the REALLY great game that it almost was.As it stands, it is a solid game, it is a good game, and it is a fun game.  Interactions with the hardware you have to repair feel solid and there is a lot of variety.  Graphics are great and the environments are immersive.  The strategic gameplay is interesting and challenging, and you will want to keep failing until you make it to the end.The game is a little lacking in some other areas.  The story is sparse and not particularly interesting. I wish there were secrets to discover, or more random exciting scenarios to puzzle your way through (like in FTL). I wish there were new tools to unlock, or new satelites to develop.  Devs, if you are reading this, I like what is there but it leaves me wanting MORE.  This plus a little worldbuilding would go from good game to great!"
76561197970685997,Recommended,531050,31413952,Posted: 28 April,all,rufous jayes,"A very interesting game. You are alone on a space ship and have to find you way to a destination system. In order to get there you need to do intermediate jumps and refuel by drilling planets. In addition, you have to recharge your batteries in certain systems every few minutes.Using you equipment will use it and you have to replace parts. This means disasambling and assembling of things, which is a bit like job simulator.Positive:+ engaging gameplay, especially working on the drones+ good graphics+ the fact that you can only exist outside a blue system for a few minutesNegative:- repetitive game elements"
76561198003411665,Recommended,531050,35033915,Posted: 17 September,all,daniel.tiger,Good gum.  Hoping for a sequel.
