user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198011449516,Recommended,531640,29808194,Posted: 9 February,all,Lymn,"I've played Magic on and off my whole life and spent at least 1000 hours playing Hearthstone. I had MTGO since the very beginning, and Hearthstone since late 2013 near the end of the open beta. Eternal is the best online card game I've ever played. It combines the best aspects of Magic's strategic depth and Hearthstone's fast-paced accessibility while avoiding their flaws.F2PMagic will always be expensive because it's a tradable CCG with a reserve list of cards that can't be reprinted and expensive booster packs. Most cards lose tons of value when they rotate out of standard. MTGO is less expensive and more liquid than physical cards, but still expensive. Recently, Wizards have added features similar to other digital CCGs like treasure chests.Hearthstone is ""F2P"" in name only. New players need to spend lots of money or time to earn a viable deck. Otherwise, enjoy scraping out wins with a crappy pile at rank 17. Rewards for winning games are meager. You can get big payoffs in Arena (where you don't get to keep the cards you draft)...if you're already an experienced player and/or lucky. Arena costs 1.5 packs to play with cards you don't own and win at least 1 pack of value. You don't keep the cards. New Arena players get trashed.Eternal is truly F2P. The spoils of victory are frequent and generous. Each win either gives a treasure chest with gold and a card, or more gold and a better card, or even more gold holy♥♥♥♥♥♥and a booster pack. Each treasure chest has a chance of becoming a better treasure chest full of even better rewards. Single-player Gauntlet mode lets you face the AI for free to win big rewards. Forge and Draft are more expensive than HS Arena (2.5 and 5x pack price vs. 1.5x pack price), but you get to keep all the cards you draft in Forge and Draft modes while still winning big payoffs for playing well.Magic is pay to play, try to recoup your losses later. Hearthstone is an evil slot machine that reluctantly hands out the goods. Eternal is a slot machine that always gives you something, but sometimes gives you something better, and occasionally gives you an all-expenses-paid trip to Hawaii.Winner: EternalGameplay and RNGMagic is the deepest, most complicated, most strategically interesting CCG ever. Almost every type of card, zone and resource can be interacted with, during both players' turns. The mana system rewards intelligent deck building and decision making skills. However, the mana system has also been a constant thorn in its side. Mana screw and flood as well as color screw are a necessary evil of the game's design, and consistently ruin the experience and decide high-level matches. The mulligan system punishes you further for the crime of being unlucky. Magic Online makes no use of any digital-only design space (except Momir Basic) and the relief from shuffling physical cards. The metagame gets patched several times a year whenever the physical Banned and Restricted list is updated.Hearthstone sidesteps resource problems with its mana system, but has different issues instead. It's a simplistic ""My turn, your turn"" game with a hard limit to how interesting and interactive it can be. The mana system means that instead of getting mana-screwed, you get tempo-screwed if you don't draw a 2 on turn 2, a 3 on turn 3, and so on. It's called Curvestone for a reason. Being able to attack anything directly means that losing the board first usually means losing the game. The mulligan system is good. Hearthstone explores digital design space, but leans overwhelmingly on random effects. The RNG is so hilariously pervasive that even top-level players meme about it on a constant basis. Omnipresent powerful random effects make situations that are impossible to play around. It's one thing to get outplayed, but it feels awful to get outlucked. HS is the game of getting outlucked. Also, the meta is prone to getting extremely stale as Team 5 moves very slowly to nerf problem cards and very rarely buffs weaker ones.Eternal simplifies the essence of Magic's strategic, interactive gameplay. You can still interact on your opponents' turns and there's plenty of powerful spot and mass removal (at common and uncommon, even!) to deal with tall and wide boards. The mana and combat systems are similar to Magic's. Eternal mitigates bad opening hands by allowing you to redraw a 7 card hand with between 2-5 mana cards, guaranteed. Flood and screw are still possible, but not nearly as frequently as in Magic. The combat system is much more interesting less blatantly aggressive than Hearthstone's, with different advantages given for attackers and defenders. Eternal makes excellent use of digital design space. You can affect cards in any zone, some cards make copies of themselves when drawn, and card attributes will persist across different zones, resulting in creative combos. As far as the metagame, in the last few months Dire Wolf Digital has shown a willingness to alter cards and tune up the meta in a timely manner when certain strategies are revealed to be too oppressive or lacking in counterplay.Winner: Magic for overall depth, Eternal for elegance and creativity with digital space.Polish and FeaturesMagic Online is the laughingstock of the digital games world. However, it has many more features than HS, with a huge variety of formats available, a full-featured collection and deck manager, and the ability to trade tickets cards with bots other players.Hearthstone is a beautiful experience with compelling graphics, music, animations and voice acting. However, it possesses a few game modes (casual, ranked, arena, tavern brawl) with only two formats for now (wild and tavern brawl). It possesses extremely few features despite its obscene profitability and years post-release. There is no tournament mode and the deck and collection managers are very weak.Eternal's art direction, sound design and graphical effects are better than Magic Online (like every other game) and worse than Hearthstone's (like every other game), but far closer to Hearthstone than to Magic Online. It only has two single player and two multiplayer modes. It has an intuitive, full-featured collection manager and deckbuilder with analytic tools to help guide deckbuilding.Winner: Hearthstone for polish, Eternal for features.VerdictOn the whole, Eternal refines and simplifies Magic's gameplay and creatively explores new design space while avoiding the egregious errors of Hearthstone. The gameplay finely balances a majority focus on skill with a pinch of luck. There is a wealth of interactions and strategies to explore. The online experience is elegant, enjoyable and full-featured. The game is generous with its rewards. You should stop reading this and install it right now. Why are you still reading this? Go away. Go play Eternal"
,Recommended,531640,29556327,Posted: 28 January,all,TheyCallMeSquid,"Quick Review: Great Magic: The Gathering inspired digital CCG. Amazing UI, loads of features, brilliant draft system, and some truly awesome cards. But... as an MTG derivative, you have to be able to accept mana flooding/screwing.Long Review:I wanted to put some good hours into the game before reviewing (18 as of this post). I've completed the Tutorial Quests, four Forges, one draft and a ton of ranked games. Oh, and I've been playing Magic since Arabian Nights and Hearthstone since Beta.To start, this is NOT Hearthstone. It is Magic the Gathering. Everything you know from Hearthstone doesn't apply here. You have to play ""power"" cards (mana/lands), so you need to know how to balance a deck. The system will try to do it for you and they start you out with a full set of 40 ""dual stones"", but to be good at the game you'll need to understand how to get the proper ratios. You also don't choose how you attack. You choose WHO attacks, and the opponent chooses blocks.Once you accept that this is Magic on digitial steroids, you can really enjoy the game. Note: the initial tutorial quests are drudgery. Your decks suck and the mana ratios aren't great. They should really let you skip parts of this, but they don't. JUST PLAY THROUGH. It's worth it. You'll get a free Forge, which will net you a solid amount of packs and get you going.The UI is AMAZING. You can get through games in 5 minutes and there is almost no waiting. Everything just works like you expect it to. WotC should hang its head in shame after seeing this.There are a ton of cards for a first launch and lots of interesting deck ideas to build around. You could say that there are some balance issues - Black has a ridiculous suite of creature removal for a core set - but overall it does feel like every color have something truly special that it can do, and there are solid Aggro, Control and Combo strategies.While I still love Hearthstone, I've been finding myself coming back to Eternal again and again, excited to play more. It's awesome and will be enjoyed by anyone who has played and enjoyed Magic at any time in their life."
,Recommended,531640,30094536,Posted: 21 February,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 8.5 / 10Quality8.7/10High quality for a F2P-CCGPerformance9/10Great performance overall, but crashed once in ~70hUtility8/10Requires internet connection & 3rd party accountControls9/10Good controls with kb+m; Weird pad controlsGameplay9/10A nice MtG clone with some unique ideasChallenge10/10Good AI; Ranked¹ & Draft with leagues; Even draft vs AI, yay!Content10/10Big card pool and easily 30h+ free single player fun; No p2w!Diversity8/10Tons of possible decks and 5 different game modes (3sp/2mp)Immersion8/10Pretty addictive; A fair f2p model & fast-paced duelsDesign7.4/10Beautiful card artworks and good design overallVisuals9/10The visuals are great, but an obvious copy of HearthstoneSound7/10Good SFX, unremarkable but fitting OST; No dialogues at allTexts8/10Short and precise card descriptions; No real story-modeMapping6/10Almost no table customization or changes; Annoying statues²Interface9/10Well made UI and menus, but again mostly a rip-off of HS1:There is no unranked constructed mode yet and at a certain rank most enemy decks will include many rare or legendary cards. Those can be either bought with real money gems or earned by playing, which takes lots of time. So at some point this is P2W until you have the cards to compete with the strongest decks.2:These interactive spots can be clicked by both players during a duel to make irritating noises. Luckily this useless feature can be muted (→ click enemy avatar). Not to mention this issue is completely ignorable if playing against the AI.Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzNvidia GTX 970 (3.5-4GB)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDSettings:Low/ HighIf you liked this review check out mycurator pageorarchiveand see how other games scored!"
,Recommended,531640,30047399,Posted: 19 February,all,ʕ·ᴥ· ʔ',its like mtg but i still have money
76561197995556498,Recommended,531640,29625855,Posted: 1 February,all,Teek0r,A UI as good as Hearthstone with cards and a resource system more similar to MTG and a surprisingly competent AI makes going through the long tutorial worth it. As of writing this review game is very generous giving out commons and uncommons for simply completing quests and building up enough f2p coins to draft doesn't take very long either. I would say Eternal has the most consumer friendly model on the CCG market.
76561197970886599,Not Recommended,531640,29967039,Posted: 16 February,all,Snarke,"This game has a lot of potential, and I want to praise it for so many reasons, but a single design choice plagues me every time I play:  One mulligan just isn't enough. It simply isn't.To give an example, let's say you draw a completely unplayable hand. So, you mulligan. The game has a mechanic that forces your next draw to have at least 2 lands. However, you are as likely to draw 5 lands and 2 6-drops. It's a dead hand, and either you just concede immediately or pray that your oppenent has had horrible luck as well.I tried. I really tried. But I never came away feeling like I had fun. Rather, I feel like I eventually just get worn down by terrible draw after terrible draw and just quit. Likewise, it isn't a satisfying win when your opponent concedes at turn two, or is sitting on 2 mana at turn 6. The MTG system works, at least a whole lot better than this game. Why not just follow that model?Actually, this game is copying quite a lot from Magic. There are sort of instants, but you can only respond in certain situations, while other times I was sitting with an answer in my hand and the game just wouldn't let me do anything. As for mechanics, it feels like most of the common keywords are here, with a small handful that are a little bit different, but for the most part it is really generic.If you really don't mind horrendous mana screw, you could give this a try, but I would suggest waiting until it is out of EA, when hopefully the mechanics have been tweaked and maybe it has a few more expansions that might diversify the game a bit.I am certainly willing to revisit this review in the future, but right now it's just too frustrating."
76561198015956789,Not Recommended,531640,29867652,Posted: 12 February,all,5p45T1kM0nk3,"Eternal Card Game initially comes across as being quite a solid redo of Magic the Gathering. It has some very interesting mechanics that build upon previous concepts from other card games, and has made some effort to reduce the common issue of variance. Eternal uses a number of mechanics seen in MtG and hearthstone (such as trample, flying, death-touch etc), as well as a very similar mana system and turn structure. Eternal moves on from there though with a slightly different take on hearthstones weapon system, and some interesting mechanics that make good use of the digital format.Unfortunately I cannot recommend this game, and instead recommend 'Magic Duels' instead. There are some flaws that hinder Eternals current potential, and 'Magic Duels' is simply a more balanced and newcomer-friendly environment. To explain, I will list the pros and cons below.Pros:- Eternal makes good use of being a digital card game. There are a number of mechanics and unique card abilities (namely 'echo' and 'crown of possibilities') that are fun, reasonably powerful, and also very difficult to replicate in a paper format.- Eternal is somewhat balanced. Some cards are great, some are not, and no cards (from what I have seen at any rate) are game-breakingly poweful. Ranked (Standard) definitely has tiered deck lists (ie, some decks are better than others), but budget or janky decks can still participate with an expectation to pull off a few wins- Eternal is free to play, paying simply speeds up the process. All formats can be played with the in-game currency (gold), and all of the cards can be obtained through earning and using gold. Gold is also not too difficult to obtain, as you can complete quests, battle players, or battle AI to earn gold. Participating in drafts or sealed formats also awards gold and cards/packs, and doing well in draft will either cover the entire cost (winning 6 games and losing 3) or will earn more gold than what you paid (7 wins, 2 or fewer losses)- Eternal is reasonably solid with very few bugs or systematic issues. It doesn't play well with certain GFX settings or GFX cards, but the only real issue I encountered was that certain parts of the UI might black out (while still being usable).Cons:- Biggest first: variance. A lot of people will say ""variance is in all card games, it's part of the game"", and I will agree with them. However, when playing Eternal in any of its formats, there are far too many ""non-games"" - games where you have drawn too many sigils (lands), or too few, or are missing a colour entirely; games where you have drawn poorly and/or the opponent has drawn perfectly; games that are not really games, because either you, or your opponent, did not really participate.Eternal is very much a 'value' game rather than a 'combo' game, 2-for-1'ing your opponent is always what you play to, and often what you lose to. While out-valuing your opponent can be fun, often a single 'out-value' moment can snowball into victory. Why? Deck size requirements are too high (45 for sealed, 75 for draft), you can only mulligan once, and games are a 'best of 1', which means that consistency is regularly quite low. With this, even the best decks can easily lose repeatedly to lower tier decks, even if the match-up is favourable.Also, this issue of variance practically doubles in draft. The limited format is decent, and the card design makes it clear that MtG professionals have assisted with creating the set. However, the drafting stage takes place with AI bots (draft with bots, play against live players), and the AI often make strange choices that lead into odd drafting signals. Packs also have extremely poor variance, often only containing one card of a particular colour. Due to this, it's quite often that you will be passed a pack where there are literally no good picks for your colour(s) (even at pick 2), and even pack-1-pick-1 can be extremely poor. These issues exacerbate the previously mentioned variance issues, often leading to a bad draft experience.In all, there are an alarmingly high number of ""non-game""s, and be rare to experience actual games. Non-games are less likely in ranked, but even then the rate seems (purely based on experience, not at all researched) to be approximately 50-50.- Eternal is not newcomer friendly. There is a tutorial, and you do get to play a relatively easy and straightforward campaign. 'Forge' (sealed) is also relatively easy, and can be a good way for new players to spend gold and learn pick order basics. However, there are a few mechanics that are not explained well, and a number of interactions that are not particularly intuitive. Good examples of this are 'Aegis' and 'Exhaust', as neither are explained fully by the in-game rules description. Thankfully this issue isn't too uncommon, but (without some prior research) you will likely lose a few games (some of which you may have paid for, like draft) due to not fully understanding a particular mechanic.- Certain cards and mechanics are unbalanced. Anything that provides card advantage, and any mechanic that provides an easy and/or immediate 2-for-1 (eg. warcry and echo) are notably more powerful than other effects. While this would be fine normally (as you do need certain cards/effects to be pushed), the issue of consistency and variance makes this a bit more unbalanced.I did say earlier that Eternal is ""somewhat balanced"" as a 'pro', and overall the game is good in that regard. The colours all do fine in limited, and nothing is game-breakingly powerful. However, you will experience more 'non-game's the moment you don't run some form of deck-thinning/card advantage/inherent 2-for-1s, as variance will simply punish you more often.To conclude, variance is painful, and ""non-game""s are the worst. The game is fun in a lot of ways, but sadly the sheer number of ""non-game""s detract a little too much from the overall experience.The game is still in development, and it still holds a lot of potential, and hopefully the developers will work toward some better solutions for the current issues. For now though, I suggest finding another game."
76561197972329714,Recommended,531640,29915977,Posted: 13 February,all,ima_gnu,"A better-than-paper CCG experience in an ideal digital UI. The digital format is leveraged to enhance the card game in a way that traditonal paper games can't manage: ""memory"" issues are solved, hidden areas are affected using keyword abilities that are grokable and powerful, limited formats are actualized in a way that allow ease of access and don't require large swaths of time commitment.If you like Hearthstone but feel it's lost too much complexity; or, like Magic: The Gathering but feel its online offerings are impenetrable and confusing: I urge you to give this a try."
,Recommended,531640,29593795,Posted: 30 January,all,Terroriza,"I wish the reviews had a neutral option. The game has so much potential and with a few tweaks could be the top CCG. It by far has the best single player & AI of any game in the genre. There is a very fun and free single player mode vs the ai that gives you lots of cards / gold. They are very generous and make the collection building much easier than other games. The ranked system is actually very well done. You need 100 points to rank up and every win gives you some points and a loss takes some away. You gain more points for wins than points loss for losing.I have a few key issues with this game which is the main reason I only really play to do daily quest now and instead play Elder Scrolls Legends with most of my time. Elder Scrolls Legends is by far the bes CCG available and it's a shame nobody has heard of. It's kind of funny that Dire Wolf is also doing Elder Scrolls, but yet that game blows away Eternal. Anyway, let's get into the actual problem.The decks are just too large with 70 cards, but they do allow for up to 4 copies of each card. Carrying 4 copies of each with 70 cards is NOT the same as having a 35 card deck with 2 copies of each. Your extra copies or even all of the copies of 1 card can and often do end up in the latter 2/3rds of the deck which never see play. There are just too many total cards to be able to have very consistent gameplay. I have spent a little over half of my time playing ranked matches and I have had only a couple of games that actually felt like good solid games on both sides. Just for a comparison, Elder Scrolls has almost every game feel like a good close game with the winner being determined based on skill more than rng. The other 99% of games were just blowout wins or losses. Too often the game is decided in the opening hand. Whoever wins or loses is more often a question of which player gets a better distribution of their sigils rather than who actually played better or had a better constructed deck.You put 50 cards into the deck and then you are forced to put at least 25 Sigil cards. If you want to play a 1 cost unit then you must first play 1 sigil. To play a 2 cost unit requires you to have played 2 total sigils and you can only play 1 sigil per turn. In theory this is a good idea, but their system needs some serious tweaking to make the gameplay feel balanced. 90% of the games end with 50+ cards left into the deck. Too often you will have cards in your hand, but then can't play them because you draw a sigil for 6 turns in a row. The other thing that happens is that you only draw minions / spells, but no sigils. I hate winning a game for no reason other than my opponent drew sigils for 6 straight turns while I bashed his face in. I also equally hate losing for this same reason.  The mulligan system will allow you to either keep or replace all of your cards which does not help these things from happening.If the developers will fix the sigil issue and cut the size of the deck by about 10 cards then would be a perfect game.  The way the game is right now I would recommend it if you like Magic as it's really close in gameplay or hate the other CCGs you're currently playing. You would be better off checking out Elder Scrolls Legends because until this game is more balanced, ESL is just a better game all around."
76561198001082548,Recommended,531640,29522661,Posted: 27 January,all,Cheesusaur,"Fantastic card game. I quit Hearthstone when the gadgetzan patch launched, and Eternal has more than filled the void. I've got a sizable collection already even though I've barely spent any money. After playing against the same few net decks in HS it's really refreshing to clash with all sorts of decks here."
76561198047095141,Not Recommended,531640,29535272,Posted: 27 January,all,ElMuerto,"I'm updating this review to reflect on what I have gathered after two months of play. Sadly, my opinion about the game has quickly gone downhill as the fun factor has been drained by the effects of bad variance.Eternal Card Game is Hearthstone’s UI with a Magic: the Gathering feel to it. And it features more of the bad from both those games, than the good. There are three main issues with it:First of all, extreme resource variance, known within the community as power screw and flood, determines an unacceptable amount of games, and the tools to mitigate this given within the game, both as cards and game mechanics, haven’t been enough to solve it. This is particularly frustrating during draft, and has been highly criticized in the forums.Second, swingy mechanics aren’t kept on check, and this is mostly related to the fact that changes in cards can still affect them while outside of play (?). This leads to some games being determined by players drawing into oversized units that their opponents can’t respond to, or recycling weapons that grant increasing numbers of armor and damage. As a direct consequence, tempo swings are immediate instead of gradual, and they set a quick counter towards defeat.And third, it seems like the developers are digging into abilities that generate random cards. Concededly, there’s not a huge amount of them at the moment that I’m writing this review, and they’re not the most powerful effects, but it makes me scared that this is the direction we’re heading.What’s most frustrating is that the developers are already engaging into releasing new content instead of addressing the current problems. This makes me concerned that the game might be released without any changes in these regards, which is why I’m advising that people don’t spend any kind of money in it.***note***: I'm keeping the old review around, just in case someone is interested in the games best features, instead of it's worst.Thought I’m giving this game a positive review, and I encourage tcg players and virtual ccg players to try it out, I advise against spending any money in it until you’re definitely sure that you want to stick with it.Eternal Card Game is Hearthstone’s UI with a Magic: the Gathering feel to it. And it features both, some of the good and some of the bad from both games. Nothing in its core is original.It is fast paced, and its familiar mechanics and simple UI make it easy to learn.The main issue about this game, however, is that it falls in the “screw and flood” paradigm of any card game where resources are cards. While, additionally, forcing players to make at least one third of each deck to be resource cards. This particularly punishes low curve fast strategies by increasing the chances that they flood in resource cards with nowhere to spend them, while not solving the fact that they can still get resource screwed and not be able to play any most of their cards.I do believe that it will be better in the future as the card pool grows in size and design mistakes are balanced."
76561198016762579,Recommended,531640,30010256,Posted: 18 February,all,[TH] Darigac,"Do you ever wish that Magic was on the computer, without dealing with MTGO?  Eternal is basically that.  Do you hate how boring Hearthstone gets, especially since you are stuck using only 1 class of cards per deck?  Eternal doesn't have the same problem.  The game is fast, fun and incredibly deep.  The free-to-play aspects are incredibly generous, and you can both play without paying and get good value when you do.  This game is awesome, and if you like MTG you will love this game."
76561198022512074,Not Recommended,531640,29874121,Posted: 12 February,all,Setmonster,"I don't normally write reviews but I feel I have to for this game.It has everything, you would think to be a great CCG: great collection of cards, fast swashbuckling gameplay and opportunity to make meaningful combos, all of it uttery ruined by the terrible RNG that is the power system.For so many games, turn after turn after turn, you get stuck either with loads of units you can't play because RNG has screwed you of power, or the reverse - all the power in the world but no units to play.I enjoyed this game greatly for the couple of months I spent with it, but the power issues and pitiful mulligan system have worn me down to the stage where I can no longer bear to even have it on my Hard Drive. I'm uninstalling.Good riddance to bad rubbish."
,Recommended,531640,29479609,Posted: 25 January,all,Liquid,"I have played all the F2P CCG games here on Steam, also HS, ES:Legends (which is off Steam) and this has to be the best CCG game that I've played so far in my life. Surpassing Pokemon TCG (I just play that for the nostalgia value :P it doesn't stand a chance against the other CCG's though).So my honest review is just like what the others have said...""The best CCG game here on Steam.""I am also including the not F2P CCG's on Steam as well (This one beats them big time!). It's too good to be free compared to those to be honest and I hope that the devs continue to improve the game and keep doing what they are doing cause this game is of the same level as the giants of this genre (HS, ES:Legends etc.) and yet generous with the rewards. So wishing them all the best and hope everyone on and off Steam notices this game cause it deserves the attention.Best try it out for yourself and judge it. You won't regret it.I recommend this game and rate it..9.5/10-IGN (nah just kidding) -by me* :)"
76561198035933221,Recommended,531640,29583161,Posted: 30 January,all,GamleKuk,"Like many others I grew up as a typical teenage Magic nerd and naturally I am interested in any digital version that could capture me the same way. Other than the timeless and amazing Shandalar, I have yet too find a really decent and accessible digital competitor, until now!Eternal is far from archaic and has happily and correctly snapped up all the best things about Hearthstone, while also integrating the best of the more advanced mechanics from Magic the Gathering.Pros:+ Clear and inviting interface. Smooth graphics and decent art for an indy title. Performance is very good and I have yet to encounter any disconnects or crashes. The cards and their actions are all very nicely and satisfyingly animated. It is very reminiscent of Heartstone in this regard. Lots of attention to details, like high power creatures having an extra 'oomph' when they do damage+ The card-playing mechanics are significantly improved and much more in-depth than Hearthstone. One of the key factors here is the way blocking works. Just like Magic, you can't just attack whatever creature you want. Rather you declare your attackers and the opponent can then choose to block them (or not) and assign his blockers as seems best. This is a fundamental change from HS and it makes the game feel much more strategic. You also have interaction with the graveyard, interrupt spells, artifacts, attachments (enchantments) and plenty of dimensions you can build your decks around, including new ones not seen in classic MtG or HS.+ Similarly, the game uses a mix between hearthstone and Magic when it comes to mana. You need to budget for mana cards and there are many variants of them. This adds an extra dimension to deck-building as many creatures and spells directly interact with them. It can result in some dead hands although this is very rare (the game secretly ensure you get two power cards should you decide to mulligan)+ Despite offering more depth, the game is far more accessible and generous than HS. The devs have correctly understood that for a game like this to gain traction when HS is so dominant on the scene, you need to let players get a lof of cards quickly so you can open up the choices. Almost anything you can do in the game results in a constant flow of cards, be it Ranked, Gauntlet, Forge or Draft. You also get lots of crafting dust so you can get those key cards to make your deck work and there are plenty of quest rewards and themed decks coming your way.+ The four game types mentioned above are likewise very well designed. Ranked is your standard ladder. Forge is very similar to Arena in HS. You pick from three options at a time until you have 25 cards, then you play against a gauntlet of AIs, each win upping your reward. Draft is a direct derivative of Magic's drafting format. You and other players take turns picking cards from 4 random booster packs, and then you craft a 45-card deck. You then have a gauntlet of 7 real players to beat. Did I mention that in both forge and draft you get to keep ALL cards?+ Balance is on-point to the extent that it can be for the moment. So far I haven't seen any outrageous or unfair cards that cannot be countered. Some deck types will lose to others more often than not, but that's just card games for you. There is of course a meta and I'm sure the deck types narrow as you go further up the ranks.Cons:- I honestly don't have any serious complaints to mention. The game is still early access but it certainly feels like a full game. The casual mode is not yet active, and that is a bit annoying. When you try out new decks, Gauntled mode against the AI won't really give you a good benchmark and you are going to be hesitant to take it straight to ranked. Luckily you can still play against your friends as much as you like, as if it were casual.- I would like to see a tournament mode added into the game as well. It would be a lot of fun to participate in elimination-style competitions against other players and of course your friends on a daily basis, with rewards for finishing in the top 2 or 3. Larger seasonal tournaments would be really cool as well.EDIT:- One serious issue with the game currently is the mandatory campaign tutorial. You have to play 4 games for each color, for a total of 21 games, one of which can take a good few tries. You are limited to really poor starter decks that are very boring to play. This can really turn off a lot of players and it takes a good 2-3 hours to get through. If I hadn't already known this going in, I might not have continued playing and that would have been a great shame. I really hope the devs revisit and shortens this soon. 5 mandatory games would've been plenty. Gauntlet mode is already a great way to learn the game.In summary: a great free-to-play title with a complete lack of paywalls or pay-to-win mechanics. It combines the best of Magic and HS into a brilliant mix and you will get addicted."
,Recommended,531640,29796282,Posted: 8 February,all,很辣的猫,"I've played Magic on and off my whole life and spent at least 1000 hours playing Hearthstone. I had MTGO since the very beginning, and Hearthstone since open beta. Eternal is the best online card game I've ever played. It combines the best aspects of Magic's strategic depth and Hearthstone's fast-paced accessibility while avoiding their flaws.PS:Though the mulligan will always drive you crazy,but I love this game indeed.F2PMagic will always be expensive because it's a tradable CCG with a reserve list of cards that can't be reprinted and expensive booster packs. Most cards lose tons of value when they rotate out of standard. MTGO is less expensive and more liquid than physical cards, but still expensive. Recently, Wizards have added features similar to other digital CCGs like treasure chests.Hearthstone is ""F2P"" in name only. New players need to spend lots of money or time to earn a viable deck. Otherwise, enjoy scraping out wins with a crappy pile at rank 17. Rewards for winning games are meager. You can get big payoffs in Arena (where you don't get to keep the cards you draft)...if you're already an experienced player and/or lucky. Arena costs 1.5 packs to play with cards you don't own and win at least 1 pack of value. You don't keep the cards. New Arena players get trashed.Eternal is truly F2P. The spoils of victory are frequent and generous. Each win either gives a treasure chest with gold and a card, or more gold and a better card, or even more gold holy♥♥♥♥♥♥and a booster pack. Each treasure chest has a chance of becoming a better treasure chest full of even better rewards. Single-player Gauntlet mode lets you face the AI for free to win big rewards. Forge and Draft are more expensive than HS Arena (2.5 and 5x pack price vs. 1.5x pack price), but you get to keep all the cards you draft in Forge and Draft modes while still winning big payoffs for playing well.Magic is pay to play, try to recoup your losses later. Hearthstone is an evil slot machine that reluctantly hands out the goods. Eternal is a slot machine that always gives you something, but sometimes gives you something better, and occasionally gives you an all-expenses-paid trip to Hawaii.Winner: EternalGameplay and RNGMagic is the deepest, most complicated, most strategically interesting CCG ever. Almost every type of card, zone and resource can be interacted with, during both players' turns. The mana system rewards intelligent deck building and decision making skills. However, the mana system has also been a constant thorn in its side. Mana screw and flood as well as color screw are a necessary evil of the game's design, and consistently ruin the experience and decide high-level matches. The mulligan system punishes you further for the crime of being unlucky. Magic Online makes no use of any digital-only design space (except Momir Basic) and the relief from shuffling physical cards. The metagame gets patched several times a year whenever the physical Banned and Restricted list is updated.Hearthstone sidesteps resource problems with its mana system, but has different issues instead. It's a simplistic ""My turn, your turn"" game with a hard limit to how interesting and interactive it can be. The mana system means that instead of getting mana-screwed, you get tempo-screwed if you don't draw a 2 on turn 2, a 3 on turn 3, and so on. It's called Curvestone for a reason. Being able to attack anything directly means that losing the board first usually means losing the game. The mulligan system is good. Hearthstone explores digital design space, but leans overwhelmingly on random effects. The RNG is so hilariously pervasive that even top-level players meme about it on a constant basis. Omnipresent powerful random effects make situations that are impossible to play around. It's one thing to get outplayed, but it feels awful to get outlucked. HS is the game of getting outlucked. Also, the meta is prone to getting extremely stale as Team 5 moves very slowly to nerf problem cards and very rarely buffs weaker ones.Eternal simplifies the essence of Magic's strategic, interactive gameplay. You can still interact on your opponents' turns and there's plenty of powerful spot and mass removal (at common and uncommon, even!) to deal with tall and wide boards. The mana and combat systems are similar to Magic's. Eternal mitigates bad opening hands by allowing you to redraw a 7 card hand with between 2-5 mana cards, guaranteed. Flood and screw are still possible, but not nearly as frequently as in Magic. The combat system is much more interesting less blatantly aggressive than Hearthstone's, with different advantages given for attackers and defenders. Eternal makes excellent use of digital design space. You can affect cards in any zone, some cards make copies of themselves when drawn, and card attributes will persist across different zones, resulting in creative combos. As far as the metagame, in the last few months Dire Wolf Digital has shown a willingness to alter cards and tune up the meta in a timely manner when certain strategies are revealed to be too oppressive or lacking in counterplay.Winner: Magic for overall depth, Eternal for elegance and creativity with digital space.Polish and FeaturesMagic Online is the laughingstock of the digital games world. However, it has many more features than HS, with a huge variety of formats available, a full-featured collection and deck manager, and the ability to trade tickets cards with bots other players.Hearthstone is a beautiful experience with compelling graphics, music, animations and voice acting. However, it possesses a few game modes (casual, ranked, arena, tavern brawl) with only two formats for now (wild and tavern brawl). It possesses extremely few features despite its obscene profitability and years post-release. There is no tournament mode and the deck and collection managers are very weak.Eternal's art direction, sound design and graphical effects are better than Magic Online (like every other game) and worse than Hearthstone's (like every other game), but far closer to Hearthstone than to Magic Online. It only has two single player and two multiplayer modes. It has an intuitive, full-featured collection manager and deckbuilder with analytic tools to help guide deckbuilding.Winner: Hearthstone for polish, Eternal for features.VerdictOn the whole, Eternal refines and simplifies Magic's gameplay and creatively explores new design space while avoiding the egregious errors of Hearthstone. The gameplay finely balances a majority focus on skill with a pinch of luck. There is a wealth of interactions and strategies to explore. The online experience is elegant, enjoyable and full-featured. The game is generous with its rewards. You should stop reading this and install it right now. Why are you still reading this? Go away. Go play Eternal."
76561197969011383,Recommended,531640,29536926,Posted: 28 January,all,Lazos,"Short version: This is the best virtual CCG i have ever played, If you like cardgames, do yourself a favour and download this!Eternal combines the best aspects of Hearthstone and Magic: the Gathering; It has Hearthstones flow and quick gameplay, but also Magics flavor, depth and overall feel in terms of decktypes and strategies. It is well balanced, and new players are eased into it with a short campaign and a completely free ""Gauntlet"" mode, which is great to get a feel for the game and farm some gold.The free-to-play-model is very fair compaired to most other CCGs i have tried, you can farm gold rather quickly, and there is a draft mode which lets you pick the cards you want to add to your collection from the packs. Getting legendary cards is not that hard, which makes the collecting feel quite rewarding, even though the cardpool is quite big. It is possible to have more than one of each legendary card in a deck however. Still, i have been able to build really competitive and fun decks rather quickly.Eternal has a very active Playerbase, i never waited in the ranked queue for more than 30 seconds, no matter when i played. The types of decks you will encounter vary greatly, no more stale face-hunter meta, like in Hearthstone! Sure there are very prominent aggro decktypes, like the rakano warcry archetype, but overall the metagame feels quite colorful and balanced.Bottom line: Very Good!"
76561198044960082,Recommended,531640,29502561,Posted: 26 January,all,Pupicitus,"When I consider playing an online CCG, my natural reaction is ""too much Pay2Win"", as the access to rare (and powerful) cards is usually hidden behind a paywall. Driven by the positive feedback, I ultimately decided to give the game a try, despite my concerns regarding its business model.After only a few days of playtime I already realized that Eternal has one of the most generous F2P models I've seen. The game hands out so many packs for pushing your progress in various AI modes that building a decent constructed deck is no problem.One could argue that the deck variety on the ladder is currently quite limited, however I think that this is mainly caused by the fact that only one set has been released as well as due to the popularity of a certain budget deck amongst players that still need to grow their collection.I can recommend Eternal as a true F2P game that combines gameplay elements of MTG with the presentation style of HS."
,Recommended,531640,29518076,Posted: 27 January,all,Coxatrice,"I'm enjoying this game, feels like Magic and Hearthstone had a baby and the result is the best of both worlds. Also it's more FTP than Hearthstone as each game win is worth a larger % of a deck than a game win in HS.I'd recommend and I have."
76561198170459198,Recommended,531640,29531505,Posted: 27 January,all,Master Atma,"Most card games like this copy magic the gathering and if you've ever been a magic fan you would probably wonder why play something else.  Well hearthstone came along and tried to be different than magic by using Random numbers.  Not the best approach for a stratagy game.  This game doesn't make the same mistake as hearthstone, instead the creators utilized abilities that couldn't comfortably exist in a non-virtual card game.  Example: cards get buffed from the deck, ur hand or the graveyard.  Pretty sweet.  Or cards constantly duplicating themselves when draw.  I had token decksi in mtg but they weren't playable cards in my hand because if they had been their cost would have been confusing as tokens, but virtually it works.  So yes awesome game, great job giving it its own dynamic and uniqueness in a mtg ruled world.  EAG: so obviously it doesnt have its full library of cards yet.  Atleast I imagine.."
76561197997367267,Recommended,531640,29895230,Posted: 13 February,all,Waryn,"This game is really really good, although it doesn't really bring anything new on the table. It managed to create solid balance and interactions on its own, and I would definitely recommend it as an alternative to MTG. This game could be the next big TCG if more people were willing to try it!"
76561198071288877,Recommended,531640,29531897,Posted: 27 January,all,Mister Indy,real jewel
76561198063615320,Recommended,531640,29768572,Posted: 7 February,all,EliteJ,Best digital card game I've played.
76561198031486819,Recommended,531640,29777084,Posted: 8 February,all,Explorer,"The similarity between this game and HS was obvious, and I was skeptic about it......Reading the positive reviews, I also learned that it plays like Magic, too,so I decided to try the game...And I'm glad I did!Overall, I'm having fun with Eternal!, Good TCG!:)"
,Recommended,531640,29779152,Posted: 8 February,all,TKhaos,"Imagine what would happen if you took Magic the Gathering and streamlined the client for it without losing too much of the potential complexity.Eternal, even now in early access is easily better than Hearthstone, Magic Duels, and many of the other attempts at digital CCG's I've played. The devs have made every effort to make this a comfortable and fun experience for both casual players and those with tons of CCG/TCG experience.Top it off fit an actually viable free to play model, fair pricing should you choose to drop some money on it, and the high production values, it's no wonder I sank nearly 8 hour into the game right after starting it. My insomnia is probably not going to go away anytime soon, but at least now I can have fun passing the time.tl;dr: It's the best digital ccg I've played, highly recommended."
76561197964688039,Recommended,531640,29531777,Posted: 27 January,all,Hammylicious,"Similar to MTG in terms of deck creation, but with mechanics that are a little simpler and take advantage of being digital. Has the visual style of Hearthstone with a bit of the MTG flavor of fantasy and color themes.The F2P aspect of the game is very generous as far as these things go. Budget decks are reasonably competitive within the meta and there's a variety of archetypes that are relatively even at the moment. I'd say the star of the show is their Draft game mode. It is essentially what most veteran MTG players know Drafting as. For anyone who doesn't know, it's similar to Hearthstone Arena, but you keep the cards you put into your deck. The rewards for Draft are also very generous (beyond even just keeping the deck you make).The only significant warning/con for people looking into the game is this: The Campaign is a slog. If you're going to try the game, please promise me and yourself that you'll get through the Campaign and not judge the game by it. It's awful. The story is fine, but it takes way too long and the decks they give you are rough."
,Recommended,531640,29772802,Posted: 7 February,all,eastsidesandman,Still in Early Access but I havent encountered any bugs with about 35 hours in so far. Eternal is very free-to-play friendly and it clearly draws alot of its economic model from Hearthstone. It is less simplistic and more reminiscent of Magic: The Gathering in terms of gameplay but keeps some of the more complex mechanics out which is great for players just looking to jump into the game.I recommend this to fans of the CCG model who seek something different from Heathstone and also want to avoid the low production value of many of the recent CCGs that I have found.
,Recommended,531640,29707546,Posted: 4 February,all,Chips,"Enjoying it a lot more than other card games and I've played a lot, this is one of the best. It's a perfect combination of hearthstone and MTG and some others. (Hearthstone, ES Legends, Shadowverse, Spellweaver, Infinity Wars, HEX SoF, Nightbanes and some others I've forgotten)"
,Recommended,531640,29426739,Posted: 22 January,all,stonedz,"What a game!A very nice mix of HS, magic and a little bit of Hex. Very fair to the players, fast paced, and extremely polished. The android version is also extremely well made and functional.Try it you won't be disappointed"
76561198134434681,Recommended,531640,29680326,Posted: 3 February,all,Dayfer,"I encourage everyone that is tired of Hearthstone developer/balance/RNG nonsense to try this gem.It may lack HS's flashiness (just a bit tho), but man it isdeeper 100x times.Tons of keywordsincluding double attack, deadly, lifegain on hit, something happening once unit connects to face, spell protection and much more, also there is a void (where your dead or discarded cards go) and you can actually interact with it by either drawing or playing cards directly from the void if that is what your deck is about.There are no understated 'Taunts' asANY unit can blockanother one each turn, and you should actuallythinkwhen to attack and when to hold, and also which unit to block to gain more advantage. There is no straight minion trading and the system favors the defender/blocker more, generally: if your unit attacked, it can't block on the next opponent's turn (unless it has special keyword), and multiple minions can block the same attacker, resulting in more favorable trade for defender. Want to attack? Think about it. And then think how exactly to attack, leading to...Spells you can cast on your opponent's turn, that leads to more interactiveness. Imagine you could kill annoying charge or whatever minion on your opponent's turn (if you saved mana(power) for the spell on your previous turn ofc). You can bait your foe to make unfavorable trades which he doesn't expect, counter spells of Your choosing etc.As for the F2P side,THIS GAME IS SO GENEROUS IT'S UNBELIEVABLEafter playing 3 years of HS. There is single player mode where you can grind both gold and cards with just cards you get from tutorial campaign (and you build up your collection steadily and quite fast I must say). I've been playing Eternal for like 60 hours now and I have almost all commons and uncommons, most rares (epics) and 18 legendaries (you can put up to four same ones in a deck), I payed in cash for just 3 packs, everything else you get just for playing the game, and the better you play, the more you get. Soin 60 hours I opened over 70 packsfrom which only 3 were for cash. Also you get crafting 'dust' just for opening the pack, and you can still dust your extras if needed.There are both Solo and Versus 'arenas', and youKEEP THE CARDS YOU DRAFT!And you can draft golden cards of any rarity too! This alone is almost worth the gold you pay, and if you win a few games, it gets even better.You get bronze, silver, gold and diamond chests for completing game activities and quests. These contain single cards (1 common in bronze, uncommon in silver, rare in gold and random golden card in diamond) plus gold (up to 2 packs worth of gold in 1 chest), and Golden+Diamond chests yield card packs. Also there is a chance that your chest upgrades on opening (bronze can go up to diamond!), this chance is about 10-15%.Card packs contain12cards, including 1 rare/legendary and I believe 2 or 3 uncommons. You get 1 bronze chest for every ranked win, and every third chest is silver (these all can upgrade too!)Low RNG element and more overall control of what you do, for example youchoosewhich minion to resurrect from your void, what card you force your opponent to discard (yes that's a thing). The only thing you don't control is drawing right cards, which can be frustrating since you need to build up your 'mana' through cards which take 1/3 of your decks. If you starve on power early on, you can't play your cards, if you are topdecking power cards when you desperately need something else, they are literally dead draws. And that can happen many times in a row, so I guess mild bad luck protection would be sweet.Playstyle variety. Man, there is alotto play with: you can buff your top units of your decks into a huge monsters and overwhelm your opponent, you can go for removal/lifegain strategy, you can play with resurrecting dead/discarded cards etc etc, and since there are tons of keywords and actually a great amount of cards in vanilla set (over 400), the combo potential is HUGE, and yes, these decks are viable, in fact, most of the powerful decks are built on sinergy and not on OP 1 card bombs (yet there are surely some of these cards present, but not to an extreme degree and devs are balancing stuff atm in the beta at least)Visual effects and art style are decent. Don't expect Blizzard level, but if you put HS art and animations at say 10/10 this would be 8.5 or maybe even 9 if they tweak some golden card animations, but they are not bad at all, just could be improved somewhere.Overall I'm quite impressed, it feels like Eternal took the best parts of other TCGs and blended it all in one place. This is a game many players wanted Heathstone to be mechanic-wise and MTGO user/visually wise. It's complex, actually strategic, skill rewarding and extremely generous with F2P rewards: just play the game and get tons of stuff!Will definitely stay and play it for a long time,9.5/10"
,Recommended,531640,29409706,Posted: 21 January,all,V3n0M,"Yet another good mtg clone. Yet without trading, it is worthless. If you play 4 free, its a fine game. When you need to get serious, then it definitely will cost you. I remember buying my couch by selling my extra mtg cards, this is not what you invest and have some return of investment."
76561197966649000,Recommended,531640,29985815,Posted: 17 February,all,Zero,This is the best card game I've ever played. It's phenomenal. I try to play whenever I can. I love how there is SO many viable options and such a vast pool of things to choose from. I am always coming up with new ideas for decks. Love this game so much!
,Recommended,531640,29496280,Posted: 25 January,all,Captain Hammer,"See a recommendation below depending on if you've played Magic, Hearthstone, Both, or Neither:MAGIC ONLY:MTG is obviously the foundation of Eternal. The rules are virtually identical. But the game gains two very important qualities over magic: One is the ability to use effects that would be impossible with physical cards. For example, cards in the graveyard (called the ""void"") keep any stats changes applied to them on the battlefield. Some cards affect give permanent +1/+1 to the next unit you draw, etc. Second is the ability to balance these cards if they get out of hand. There won't be a Jace, the Mind Sculptor incident, because these cards aren't in print. They just get patched, and if you don't like the patch changes you can swap it in for any other equivalent rarity card you'd like within a few days. You also don't have to spend money, though you probably used to spending if you're a magic player. It has only one set as of right now, but this one set is a lot more fun and diverse than MTG vanilla was.HEARTHSTONE ONLY:If you've only played Hearthstone, you'll have more cause to hate this game than any of these other groups. Hearthstone uses a system by which you get one mana each turn, with some cards (mostly druid) that let you get more. In this game, you have to draw your mana and play it, max one per turn, as a card from your deck. So what happens if you don't draw any? You get rekt. You lose for no good reason. It's a mechanic pulled over from MTG and it is absolutely infuriating if you haven't built a tolerance to it. Carrying the mana system over from magic without modifying it is probably the biggest mistake the devs made in designing this game. If you sort by negative reviews, this is the theme of almost all of them.On the upside, this game is waaaaay more generous than hearthstone when it comes to earning gold. You can even just play the ""gauntlet"" mode and earn tons of free gold by playing against the AI if you're afraid of your performance vs humans. You know how in HS every three multiplayer wins gets you a tenth of a pack? It's closer to half a pack, plus some cards, in this one. That's not even counting the arena-style modes, which unlike HS let you KEEP the cards you draft and give much nicer rewards without having to win 7+ games in a single run. It really puts the rewards system of hearthstone to shame.BOTH:As someone who put hundreds of hours into both MTG and Hearthstone, I am seriously convinced that Eternal will overtake both of them when it leaves beta. The developers of this game understood some of the core mechanical weaknesses of both of those games (overly complex rules and inability to act on your opponent's turn, respectively) while incorporating many of their strengths. If you enjoy both of these games or have in the past, this might replace both of them. I can't imagine you not liking it.NEITHER:CCGs are a different kind of beast for someone who hasn't played one. They have a lot of variance, which is to say the winner is sometimes a little ""random."" But part of the joy of mastering these games is learning to play within that variance and maximize your chances of winning as many games as possible. It's fun to predict what cards your opponent will likely have in their deck based on what you know about the cards they've played so far, then make plays to counter them. The tutorial (""campaign"") is very long and will help you learn all the basics of games like this. If you're afraid of going up against players with expensive decks, the AI matches are very rewarding and let you build up your own stuff quickly. This is not a simple pay2win iphone-style game where you get clobbered by people with better stuff. I mean, you WILL get clobbered by people with better stuff at first, but you don't have to spend money to ascend to where they are. If this sort of thing sounds up your alley, Eternal is a great first combat card game for you."
,Recommended,531640,29507492,Posted: 26 January,all,ayy bratan,much better than rngstone and more accessible than magic online tbh
76561198009346543,Recommended,531640,29491957,Posted: 25 January,all,A Random Wolf,"This game is fantastic.  I played Magic the Gathering for 14 years before the Vintage / Legacy player scene in my city got too toxic for me to tolerate - sold all my cards and cashed out.  I tried Hearthstone but like many attest, it's too dumbed-down for me.  It feels like checkers and I want to play chess.So then someone turned me onto Eternal.  I haven't played a game of Magic in 3 years and I've now spent almost 6 straight hours playing this -- I'm hooked!  It's got the feel of Magic's rich strategy and synergy-heavy card types, with the admittedly gorgeous artwork and sound design and intuitive interface of Hearthstone.It's also very easy to get new cards - no pay to win, here.  I've already gotten 6 free decks and 6 free boosters just for playing the quests and ranked games, and enough in-game gold to buy 5 more boosters if I want.I think this is going to be the next big thing.  This game rules.  I'm so happy. :)"
76561198045942188,Recommended,531640,29529937,Posted: 27 January,all,Boston's More Than a Feeling,"Awesome game, low RNG, balanced cards, easy to build the set, great attention from the devs. Don't know what more I would want from an online F2P ccg. Love it."
,Recommended,531640,29967408,Posted: 16 February,all,BenBen,Really scratches the CCG itch in a way that Hearthstone never will.
76561198030827288,Recommended,531640,29997193,Posted: 17 February,all,Redgren Grumbholdt,"This is a pretty good card game. Very similar to another popular game of this genre, but with the option to create hybrid decks instead of being limited to one class (or in this case, faction) at a time. I like the fact that the cost of playing cards is not automatically rewarded at the start of each turn, but rather relies on playable cards being drawn."
76561198047007312,Recommended,531640,30012738,Posted: 18 February,all,sspringe,Play it
76561198322708268,Recommended,531640,29954595,Posted: 15 February,all,anewkirk13,"Great game if you enjoy CCG's or TCG's like Magic, Hearthstone, Pokemon, Hex, etc.  Free to play is very fair and access to competitive decks should take less than 10 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,531640,29837825,Posted: 10 February,all,Pirogoeth,"Not quite as complicated as Magic, but more depth than Hearthstone, Eternal is a solid F2P CCG that looks to be on the right track. Looking forward to seeing where they take it as it grows."
,Recommended,531640,29624008,Posted: 1 February,all,Free Smells,"It's like if Magic and Hearthstone had a baby, and that baby grew up to be Chuck Norris but in CCG form.You can actually build control decks in this game, whithout being rich. *Cough. Hearthstone. *Cough. Magic the Gathering10/10"
76561198094423664,Recommended,531640,29989891,Posted: 17 February,all,Radu,"I've tried Hearthstone, wallet said ""No"", I've tried Eternal, wallet said ""Yes plssss""."
,Recommended,531640,29778437,Posted: 8 February,all,Schoonie,"A very fun CCG with mechanics in line with Magic (5 colors of mana, mana cards have to be drawn, defender chooses blockers, instant cast spells usable on opponent's turn, etc). The initial intro with the starter decks is a little tedious, but once you get past that the game is shockingly fair for a free to play game.For single player content, you have the Gauntlet and the Forge. The Gauntlet is free and pits your constructed deck against up to 7 AI in a row (one loss and you start over) for progressively better rewards (gold, cards, card packs if you win all 7). The Forge lets you draft cards to play 7 games against the AI and ends if you lose twice. You keep ALL the cards you draft and can also win 3-4 card packs and a chunk of gold (buy in is 2.5 packs worth of gold), making this a great way to build your collection while learning the game.Multiplayer currently has Ranked and Draft, with each ranked win giving gold / cards (sometimes a pack with a lucky roll) and Draft is like the Forge on steroids, with you drafting (and keeping!) a larger number of cards to create your deck.I've been collecting cards so fast I felt obligated to send some money the dev's way, which is a hell of a contrast from many other games in this genre."
,Recommended,531640,29993820,Posted: 17 February,all,VYEKING,"Enjoyable CCG with some flaws.Borrows UI, visual design, and quality of life features from Hearthstone while moving the design space forward in satisfying ways.Card combinations can be very powerful allowing for more interesting deck building options.Single player options are interesting, but lacking long-term replayability opting instead to drive players to PvP battles. (While this makes sense when considering the genre, there is unmined opportunity that Eternal seems primed to exploit. Upcoming expansions look ready to offer more single player options.)Suffers from resource randomness.The big challenge in Eternal is the very poor system governing resource draw. Resource cards are included and then drawn from your deck (like Magic, Hex, etc.), and there seems to be something wrong with Eternal's deck randomization system. It is common to encounter resource glut, sometimes drawing nothing but resource cards during a single match. While a hand redraw guarantees two resource cards, resource drought is also common. While I understand the wish of the design team to stay true to their Magic roots, the competitive, digital CCG space demands design systems that optimize the player experience. And while Hearthstone's steady resource gain system seems to take some of the life out of the CCG experience, it balances the competitive experience in a critical way. Imagine, for example, if Eternal had a steady resource gain mechanic with a 'random' color draw that could determine the type of the resource drawn. This random draw could still be based on a number of resources included during deck building while helping mitigate the game-breaking randomness of resource draw.While the resource issue is enough to keep me from spending a ton of money on Eternal, I have enjoyed the rest of the game. If you're looking for a game with a strong MtG feel but with a mostly modern design approach to the digital CCG genre, I think Eternal is a good choice."
,Recommended,531640,29818847,Posted: 10 February,all,Kurumi=life,This game got everything Hstone got right wrong but this game also got everything Hstone got wrong rightyou won't understand unless you tried it.good game!
76561197994760973,Not Recommended,531640,29500252,Posted: 26 January,all,Ønicle,"The power flooding/screwing, how you mulligan, and how inconsistent your decks play ruins what is a competent online CCG.Magic the Gathering is already an exercise in frustration with its 60 card decks. Eternal has 75 card decks -- Why?! This just increases the odds of drawing a streak of cards you can't utilize resulting in many games where you literally lose the game without playing a unit. This, combined with the game's harsh mulliganing where you can only mulligan once to which you have to dump your whole hand, results in a crap shoot that often ends up with these wildly polarizing hands.If you somehow manage to make a game more inconsistent than Magic the Gathering, then you're doing something very wrong. It's really fun when you get a reasonably balanced hand, but too often your options are to draw power for 10 turns in a row or not draw power for 10 turns in a row."
76561198143947609,Recommended,531640,29537170,Posted: 28 January,all,swift paw,sofre I love the game quest are fun get new cards all the time but you need more way to get gold.
76561198014604142,Recommended,531640,29996625,Posted: 17 February,all,jayjay,"I think this is a great game. I keep going back and forth between this and Faeria. Strictly speaking, I think I prefer the Eternal Card Game mechanics over Faeria, except Faeria has a few big things going there way (which I hope Eternal would adopt too):- Faster development cycle (introducing new client features, new cards, etc.)- More solo play modes (Solo battles against AI, Solo Pandora mode, Solo Missions, etc.)- Things are constantly changing and updated.. The environment never looks old. There is something new happening every week. It feels very alive and engaging. (OK maybe I'm rooting too much for the other team now!!)But don't get my wrong, I think this is an awesome game with good mechanics and fun to play with.FYI - I'm just a casual gamer and I'm by no means an experienced player. I've played a bit of Magic online and such but not enough to have any strong opinions. I enjoy playing a few games here and there and that's all."
76561198154984552,Recommended,531640,29545898,Posted: 28 January,all,Eidos,"+Generous in terms of card acquisition.+Marvelous deckbuilding in terms of design and creativity: it can allow broken combos and you need a lot of expensive cards sometimes, but quite cool. (In the game you can have up to 4 copies of each card per deck, still I said it's really free-to-play).-Automacic mulligan. You can keep it, or draw a full new hand, a little frustrating and ""not in your hands"".-Resource mechanic (sigils, a.k.a. as mana, lands, etc in other games) is kinda broken, Magic style, not horrible, but somehow annoying. You can have 8 resource cards and nothing to play or the opposite easily.It's early access but it's a desing flaw they should fix.The only signigicant flaw I can notice is the same as before, where building a deck is certainly a very fun and interesing experience, playing it's not a lot more than clicking avaiable cards for your turn and keeping a couple of reactive spells in hand.I learned quite a bit about deep mechanics and the game has a lot, a lot of super powerful combos, wich makes even bigger the feeling of only one person destroying the other, either you or your opponent. This makes the resource system somehow not that big of a problem, but still frustrating sometimes.Still, it's worth a try in my opinion, but keep in mind deckbuilding is very deep and fun, and actualy playing is as hard as saying the alphabet. It has a ""Gaunlet"" mode wich is like a ""Versus IA arena"" you can enter for free and earn some cards and gold so, I would recommend trying it a little bit."
76561198112690386,Recommended,531640,29898813,Posted: 13 February,all,Abyss,Good game and wonderful graphics.
76561198060586972,Recommended,531640,29922754,Posted: 14 February,all,Mr.Fox,"If you like TCG this is a great game.If you like games with real action, then you will probably give up on this after the first 2 hours of playng like i did.Still a good game tough."
,Recommended,531640,29965601,Posted: 16 February,all,超神的徐二宽,"really  a good game,Hex+HS+MTG很棒的游戏,Hex的费用+万智牌的机制+炉石的武器和部分异能,以及只有电子版才能方便做到的沉默,+1+1,创建卡牌"
76561198142437293,Recommended,531640,29523796,Posted: 27 January,all,submodify,"Great CCG! Fun and you don't have to pay. Android version for on the go too! If the card sets keep coming, I can see me playing this for a long time to come!"
,Recommended,531640,29663525,Posted: 2 February,all,Rafael,"Great CCG. Can be thought of as a Hearthstone++.Major differences from Hearthstone:- Combat happens in a similar way to Magic: you choose the attackers and then your opponent chooses which creatures blocks which.- Damage from combat is NOT permanent.- Uses the concept of lands (called sigils in this game)- Multicolor decks- Less focus on RNG- Fast spells (spells that you can cast when your opponent declares an attack / ends the turn)They took Hearthstone and then tried to make it feel a little bit more like Magic. While the changes may look small, they truly improve the gameplay."
76561198071163874,Recommended,531640,29963491,Posted: 16 February,all,BENDANZHU <3 한승연,Very well designed card gameHighly recommended if you love card games.very f2p friendly
,Recommended,531640,29963773,Posted: 16 February,all,toys_cornnut,"Pro's75 card deckConstructed deck building most similar to MTG (Magic the Gathering)multiple play formats, Player vs AI, Player vs AI Draft, Ranked pvp, Ranked Drafting pvpyou keep all cards you get from draft pickingreward system is very goodI am a free to play player, i did spend $3 for the extra pack deal. i have been playing 2 months and have 85% of the cards. feels good man."
76561198218700419,Not Recommended,531640,29799843,Posted: 9 February,all,amadteaparty,"I'm an ex MTG player.  I played hearthstone for quite some time before moving onto other ccgs and I'm currently enjoying shadowverse.  This review may come off extremely critical, but with so many f2p online ccgs to choose from, I feel it's warrented.Your power (resource) cards are drawn from the same pile as your other cards.  This leads to flooding and not getting enough power far too frequently.  Since this is a digital card game there are several better options and there is no need for this serious problem to occur.  If they wanted to have players draw the power cards, they could have just made two seperate draw piles for resources and non-power cards and let the player choose what they want to draw to avoid this.Going first has a large advantage.  The only thing you get for going second is you draw first (firs player skips their initial draw).  That's not enough to make up for being the player that's constantly reacting to your opponent's plays since you're basically a turn behind.Some cards are obviously ""pushed"" too far.  Some cards have stats and abilities well above what they should have at their cost and are often put at higher rarity which makes them harder to obtain for new players.  While some colors need these to be balanced compaired to the other colors, this is still at the very least a poor and lazy way to balance.Eternal currently has no casual play, only ranked.  Why would it take so long to implament this very basic game mode?  If you're fine with only playing ranked as I am, then it's a non-issue, however I know other players get anxiety when they play in ranked modes or just want a place to test things out and mess around when they don't feel up to playing ranked so I thought others should at least be aware.These next couple are just things I didn't like about eternal, but wouldn't call inherantly negative parts of the game.Defender decides what is blocked and how the blocks occur.  This leads to too many board stalls.Damage is wiped from units at the end of the turn.  Again this leads to board stalls since you can't just chip down a big minion over time and you often won't want to attack with it either since your opponent can assign multiple blockers and kill it if it attacks.This game isn't all bad though, I did like being able to play against the AI to earn some chests (which contain cards).  The drafting process was also well done.  UI and art are decent enough.If you have no fast spells (cards that can be played on your opponent's turn) the game doesn't require an ""ok"" to progress the game which does help speed things up a bit.  However if a player does have a fast spell, then the game requires you to push a button in between plays to progress.  Players should be able to quickly tell the time difference in between plays and know that you have a fast spell.  This information can/will cause different plays vs. if the player didn't have that information.TL;DR There are better f2p ccgs for me.  If you're looking for something closer to MTG than hearthstone, and the above issues don't bother you, then it's worth a shot."
76561198086734067,Not Recommended,531640,29914205,Posted: 13 February,all,bisto.jan,"Flooding / screwing - the key characteristic of this game.However, this game has great potential, so better to come later and check again."
,Not Recommended,531640,30184751,Posted: 25 February,all,ֆᎮ⊰◜◟⋎◞◝⊱ֆᎮ,"Fun game overall. I'd call it a deeper Hearthstone for lack of anything more original.The one major flaw, and it's a big one, is what prevents me from recommending this game. The resource system is terrible and incredibly binary.  Way too many times I've had games where I've been mana screwed or flooded. Not an insurmountable fix to this either, but until that's done I don't think I'd care to throw any money at the game.Here's hoping that the devs use the EA time wisely."
76561198133224443,Not Recommended,531640,30210363,Posted: 26 February,all,Rot 6,"So this game is a totally fine hearthstone clone with magic rule set for attacking, defending and most spells...gameplay seems average (watched some streamers before) and kinda funcardgraphics are lame but well done atleastthe gameboard looks like its from 2008... not able to actually clone hearthstones decent boardstyle.BUT IT DOESNT LET YOU CHOOSE YOUR PASSWORD>>> 2.3 hours of card progress lost. yes i did try mutliple random words with the asked for characters but never got a green confirmation arrow.Apparantly it doesnt save your progress unless you make an account which this broken game is preventing from happening! Nice one! Never again gonna play this or a game of this company!"
76561198004575191,Recommended,531640,30130347,Posted: 23 February,all,PermaNub,"Great take of the card game genre. Hearthstone meets Magic. Getting gold is relatively realistic so you really can play without spending money. Save money and do the drafts. There are many game modes, 2 which are drafts ( one vs AI and other vs people) and you keep every card you draft for your permanent collection. There are quests and campaign etc etc. Try it at least.... it's free."
,Recommended,531640,30229593,Posted: 27 February,all,true K A S I,"Only completed the breif solo campaign and introducing draft mode, but coming from long time MTG and Hearstone player: the mechanics of Eternal actually looks like what I always wanted Heartstone to look like. It remains simple in usage, looks of the game are sharp and clear, there is some stuff that isn't clear enough and could be specified better to have the strong mechanical feeling MTG wording has, but it is hard to nitpick at this point, as being an early access game it already works greatly. I really like the fact that creators clearly go so much deeper ONLY in parts that make sense for the game regarding MTG vs Hearstone gameplay differences. Is it better than paper MTG? No, and probably won't ever be, not only becouse of the fact that making up for 20 years and thoustands of cards of history isn't an easy task, but also becoue digital card game shouldn't be able to beat card game at being a card game, which means that the feeling remains stronger on the paper MTG version. But it takes the friendly warcrafty appearence of Heartstone and is skinning very well what MTG:Online is proposing (I am fully aware why the stack works the way it works on MTG:O, but it is very smart that this game avoids the need of it working like this, but still there are instants), making it so far my go to digital card game. I just hope that with the mechanical depth created in the game there will be a reason to play the game for competitve souls like me as for arcade reasons Heartstone might win it with its player pool. Fingers crossed, best of luck, cheering hard for this project!"
,Recommended,531640,30240077,Posted: 28 February,all,desu desu,"the best online card game. every aspect of it is great, great and active devs/staff aswell"
,Not Recommended,531640,30068410,Posted: 20 February,all,jungkookies',Idk if this is only for the tutorial or my computer's fault but the lag between each action is crazy.Unique concept though.
76561198017118056,Recommended,531640,30246633,Posted: 28 February,all,Queequeg,"Finally!  Eternal Card Game is the game Wizards of the Coast should have created 10 years ago.  Had Wizards created an accessible, attractive and intuitive OCCG based on MTG, they would be the dominant player in the market going on a decade now.  However, their short-sightedness and unwillingness to experiment with  their IP means we had to wait for Eternal to scratch our Magic itch.  (Hex, while a beautiful and intricate game, lacks the 'accessible' and 'intuitive' aspects that Hearthstone and Eternal meet)+++ The gameplay in Eternal is rock-solid, taking core CCG mechanics and tying them to colors similar to MTG.    Currently the colors are not as stratified as MTG, which allows for more versatile single color decks, while offering expanded options for multi-colored decks.  Eternal (after my 10 hours of play or so, so take it with a grain of salt) seems less focused on defining the metagame itself, unlike Hearthstone (and to some extent MTG), where the meta (minus minor tweaking) is established within days of a new set coming out, largely by the developer.  This is for 2 reasons; the core mechanics introduced in Hearthstone expansions are usually the most efficient (Jades, Single-copy bombs like Reno and Kazakus, etc), and the limited card pool simply doesn't allow much experimentation.  Although I'm just starting with Eternal it appears that there is a decent range of creature removal, larger creatures and the like in each color, along with some strong (but not 'forced') themes like Echo and void-play.++ While Eternal has a mana mechanic, it is automated. This means the game sets your mana curve for you, limiting your optimal mana ratios.  However, I assume they did it to remove complexity from deck-building, which is a good thing when trying to bring in more casual players.  The game offers a plethora of mana-fixing cards as well, in both colorless and colored cards, to allow better control of your mana-flow.  So far, I've only been mana-hosed on a couple of occasions...in most games mana has tended to be plentiful, often to the point of excess (as my early games tend to go long while I build my collection and create more efficient decks).+++ Eternal thankfully does away with the tiny card packs of Hearthstone and Hex and has 12 cards per pack, very close to the 14 (minus the land) in a MTG pack.  At $1/pack, not counting the ability to draft, guantlet or forge for free cards/dust, the pack size/value ratio is exceptional compared to Hex, MTGO and Hearthstone.Currently, the game modes available are Gauntlet, Forge, Ranked and Draft.  As someone who likes to play mostly solo as I build a collection, the game modes are very close to perfect.    Gauntlet is a free PVE constructed tournament mode and can be used to grind gold and some (usually common or uncommon) cards, with a perfect 7-win record earning a card pack as well.   The AI modes seem well-designed to offer players good rewards as  the player base could probably not accommodate PVP in each.Forge is Eternal's Arena, a sealed-deck format where you build a deck from random sets of 3 cards; again, the game assigns your Mana.  It appears (though I've only played once (but did get a perfect 7 wins)) that once you have chosen 2 colors of cards, all remaining picks are of those 2 colors.  This is a very nice feature and prevents someone from getting pretty far off-track into 5 colors (though I am certain there are some who would actually like that).  Arena's cost 2500 gold to enter; the 7-win run earned me 3500 gold, a couple of cards, and 4 card packs, so a little more than 3-1 value.  You are allowed 2 losses before your run ends; as you are playing an AI, it seems this mode offers a pretty fair chance to hit 7 wins if you are good at sealed in CCG's.  If the decks the AI is playing don't get more challenging as you rank up in Forge, it should be pretty easy to go infinite.I've only played a few games of Ranked, just enough to get a win for a quest, as I doubt I'm prepared to face constructed decks quite yet.  The mode works fine, and even with only about 2k players online at any time, the matchmaking only took a little longer than Hearthstone's.  The 'Casual' mode is currently offline, I am guessing until a larger player base means it won't cause extended queue times.I haven't drafted yet, but I will update my review when I do.Overall, Eternal is a great entry to the crowded online CCG market, and outside of Hearthstone, might be the one to succeed with players who want something a little deeper than Blizzard's game.  The nitpicks I have with the game are minor...I think the art looks a little small on the play table (and I'm on a 27"" monitor), though it is fine when zoomed in.  As a once-upon-a-time competitive Magic player that quit mainly due to mana randomness, I prefer a Hearthstone-style consistently building mana pool.  However, it's not a game-breaker and I haven't noticed it being as much of a problem as I had in my PTQ-qualifier days.If you are a Magic player that wants deeper mechanics, but still slicked-up Hearthstone-style experience, Eternal is your game."
76561198006565248,Recommended,531640,30250531,Posted: 28 February,all,syberslidder,"Great game, fixes the shortcomings of both Hearthstone and Magic. Really good flavor and not hard to acquire a constant stream of cards. Would definitely recommend if you like TCG type games."
76561198135413071,Recommended,531640,30043198,Posted: 19 February,all,Mr.Pwnsauce,I like the game but the only issue i have is the shuffler is the worst piece of garbage i have ever seenI have drew 20 plus lands in a game like this one until now or its just you draw no lands or you run alot of 1 drops and get zero of them consistantly but seriously the shuffler is extremely flawed that is my only issue
76561198000541912,Not Recommended,531640,29765069,Posted: 7 February,all,[LCT]Gmpkong,A broken shuffle engine make this pseudoCCG frustrating and unplayable.Don't waste time and money on a scripted game.
76561198096318404,Not Recommended,531640,30210849,Posted: 26 February,all,Kvaz,"Hearthstone/Magic The Gathering.It's okay.Just, why would I spend time on it?Playing it doesn't make me warm and happy on the inside.There is no final destination to reach, and declare victory.I'll just go play my other games."
,Not Recommended,531640,29763725,Posted: 7 February,all,TR8-T0R,"Unbalanced AI Deck, RNG, A bit Boring in the long run.Gamplay is a bit of what you expect off of a MtG-like Card Game."
,Not Recommended,531640,29433153,Posted: 22 January,all,Vanss,People are actually blinded by the amount of rewards this game gives and are not noticing the amount of stupidly insane and annoying combos that are impossible to deal with sometimes...
,Recommended,531640,30178918,Posted: 25 February,all,Lamo the Clown,"A breath of fresh air coming from Hearthstone. Easy to pick up, with a slightly more forgiving grind for cards. You probably won't start having fun until you spent ~$70-$100"
,Recommended,531640,29417562,Posted: 22 January,all,The Eating Joke,yes
76561197996882046,Not Recommended,531640,29835716,Posted: 10 February,all,Lemon,"A near-perfect CCG ruined by a beyond imbalanced variance.Eternal would be such a great game if it wasn't for the constant issues with resources and draws in general, I often find myself holding duplicated cards in hand regardless of how many I use in the deck and no matter what deck I'm playing, no matter how many utility cards, fillers, or whatever it takes to try and create a balanced list.After trying several decks, some of my own, others made by better deckbuilders than myself, I get the feeling that nothing really ever works at it should, or not as often as it's supposed to anyway. The matches become repetitive and boring, way too often the game comes down to you getting power flooded/starved, or the opponent, or both. If by any chance none of that happens, it's a very fun experience otherwise.But right now it's frustrating more than anything, I just really wish Eternal will get in a better state and make me change my mind.Edit: 3 months after first reviewing the game, I came back to see if anything changed/improved in light of the new mulligan rules, but despite that the game feels exactly the same as before.I'm no math genius, but whatever mechanism is responsible of shuffling the deck is clearly not working properly.Playing a deck of 75 cards composed by 1/3 units, 1/3 spells/attachments, 1/3 sigils, it doesn't make any sense to draw 8 sigils in a row or none at all, or only units, or only spells, or all copies of the same card turn after turn, game after game. It's not even fun to win while watching the opponent in that situation.I understand that being a card game there's a chance of that happening, and it would be fine if the game wasn't so ""consistent at being inconsistent"".I don't care much about winning or climbing ladder, it's just that it feels unreal, there's no way an actual deck of cards would be shuffled that badly and that often."
76561198094017456,Not Recommended,531640,29783973,Posted: 8 February,all,tbayner,"The game is pretty good, but the server is terrible in a way that you can't enjoy the game...I'll wait some weeks to see if it gets better"
76561198077770117,Not Recommended,531640,29814099,Posted: 9 February,all,mono,>Get the enemy to 2 hp>draw 6 sigils in a row>lose>delet
76561198006519793,Not Recommended,531640,29973601,Posted: 16 February,all,Cooltrainer Ian,"Whelp, what started as a hopeful replacement for the terrible current meta in hearthstone, i have put enough hours into this game's ranked play to conclude it's even more poorly balanced than yugioh, and even very low ranks are infiltrated with decks and players far in excess of what their ""rank"" belies. I'm strongly familiar with MTG as i have decades of experience playing it and am no slouch with strategy, timing, counterplay, bluffing, etc.While i credit this game for having the kind of depth that hearthstone lacks, it is a shame that the game is otherwise wrecked by awful balancing and match making. There are some absurdly powerful decks and combinations, and wouldn't you know it, 5/6 players you meet are playing cookie cutter top meta builds. This is identical in nature to hearthstone where players with 52+% win rate decks intentionally concede their way to lower ranks for the purposes of easier grinding of in game currency and quest completions off potentially lesser skilled players YET should they be interested in players of comporable decks and skill they need not procede up the ranks, as everyone is right there with them at the bottom.This game continues to suffer from the usual issues you can expect from a MTG knock-off (mana-flood/drought) happening way more often than one would think possible, and utterly avoidable considering the digital formating, the games quickly devolve into whom can be first to inact their imbalanced strategy or who is last to fail to achieve the power resources they need. This game's design philosophy seems mired in a swamp of developer ideas of ""what would happen if we made late game strategies possible by turn 2?' Genius.Also, Pay2win in the extreme. Not recommended for casuals and non-whales."
76561198059991652,Not Recommended,531640,29740170,Posted: 6 February,all,aburke,Absolutely the worst draw engine out there. It is never a mix of cards and land but a run on oneor the other. Games never seem to be close because of this. Horrible experienceplaying.
,Not Recommended,531640,29407249,Posted: 21 January,all,Khirsah - Do the Fonz,"6 / 10  =  Concept, gameplay, design are wins, but end result is a 'FAIL' for meIn general ... it's a good game, easy to learn and play, the diversity is pretty extensive, good selection of elements as basis with added neutral cards allows a good selection for decks and then the possibility to 'multi-class' between elements brings in the real complexity of such games. Most of all is the simplicity with some beautifull deco and cards effect.Unfortunately, this said .. there's the cons side ... let's start with details .. description of effect and such .. You cant put much on cards so I do like the overlay for detailed info .... but there a lack of precision in those said details, all you can read is always the same generic message ... they need to look into others games to really understand this part.For last what reaally sinks them is the sigils concept. they control the level and power of the cards but also link to turns. unfortunately the fact that it's not garanty that you'll find since you need to draw them as you would other cards. soo you  have 50 cards in your deck then you add 25 sigils makes it 75 cards .... 1 third of those cards are sigils ... the outcome is the side I hate from this game ... you can either get min/max amount of sigils . If you get a min amount its game over since you cant afford higher cards, in opposite if you get too many on a constant basis.. your level does go up but you have nothing to play or defend with, this leaves you with the 'fair' amount throughout the game ... which is either win or loses ... but after how many failed turn due to unbalance sigils distribution ..."
,Not Recommended,531640,29449729,Posted: 23 January,all,w00caSh,"Can't play more than first tutorial. On the second mission on ""critical"" attack when I should destroy enemy games get some error and ""disconnect"" me from server. I tried 3 times and can't pass forward. Can't recommend game since I can't even pass  tutorial"
76561198043570612,Not Recommended,531640,29472829,Posted: 24 January,all,superdax,Tried the game and had fun for the beginning. Then i wanted to build a better deck and even with all my card broken down it still was not enough.I would of needed to spend more money for more packs not for card but to break them.I hate this model and this game does the same thing. Gets you hooked then your stuck buying tons of packs.You'll soon notice that without dumping tons of cash (or grind like hell) you won't have nothing.
,Not Recommended,531640,29590686,Posted: 30 January,all,wocassity,"The game AI is stacked against the player in a way that cheapens the experience.  For example, if you are building a new deck to test out in Gauntlet mode, at first your build may seem to be working, but once you get to the 4th round, the AI will either short you sigils for the power you need to play your cards or not give you any sigils at all, even if you stack your deck with ample sigil aquisition cards.  This happens 9 out of every 10 times you attempt to play.  And then if you do manage to beat Gauntlet if you try using the same deck again without significant changes to your cards, it will go into kill mode and usually wipe you out in the first round.  Just try it.  Build a deck and play gauntlet for about 6 hours without changing your deck.  You will get to a point that you simply cannot win with a deck that was working perfectly before due to bad card draws and OP perfect AI card draws to bring you to EXACTLY 0 hit points no matter what you do.  And if you happen to get within a couple of hundred gold to having enough gold to play Forge or Draft (2500 or 5000), you can forget about winning any ranked games either.  You will hit a losing streak of 6-10 hands in a row due to bad sigil draws again!  Absolutely ridiculous.  I've pumped weeks of my time into this game thinking that I had the wrong cards or imperfect builds.  Nope!  You will just get shafted on your sigil pulls, either WAY too many or none at all, then you're just screwed!"
,Not Recommended,531640,29938468,Posted: 15 February,all,Swaglord4000,"Whoever draws mana cards wins.Fun game, not.Edit:Worst piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥CCG i ever played."
,Not Recommended,531640,29959575,Posted: 16 February,all,Klaes,"Tried quite a few card games lately, but this one has been the worst by far for me. Doesn't entertain at all and feels very mindless."
,Not Recommended,531640,29640728,Posted: 1 February,all,LordTalon,"If you are looking for a game that is similar to Magic: The Gathering, keep looking. The algorythm for this game is TERRIBLE! I have been playing MtG since 1994 and I have never had a time when I go 6+ rounds drawing nothing but power or units. You may have a few good games, but then the program will force you into a no win game so you cannot advance, Save yourself the trouble and just pay to play MtG. WAY better than Eternal."
76561198066979390,Not Recommended,531640,30067723,Posted: 20 February,all,hawaiooo,"This game has alot of potential, but devoloper failed insanely hard in one part which essentialy destroyed the fun of this game. PLS REMOVE the power system, its the dumpest thing Ive ever encountered in a card game. super annoyingly bad developed, its even more RNG than hearthstone. I keep getting power cards 10 times in a row vs a dumb NPC and at the end I get killed by a 1/1 minion.  Im not even allowed to edit the power cards in a forge fight and YOU HAVE TO HAVE 33% of your deck consisting of power cards in a normal game, how friggign ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is this???????????. This is getting ridiculous, with bad luck you just keep drawing these useless power cards, like seriously..... its a card game, not mana crystal drawing game."
76561198104409704,Recommended,531640,29682772,Posted: 3 February,all,MouthTheOne,"MtG wannabe, but a really well made one.Just have to add btw, this game is really F2P friendly.. amazing from the guys from Dire Worlf."
,Not Recommended,531640,29508970,Posted: 26 January,all,joynur,"Let's Go!Bwahahahahaha!First Luck, Then Skill, Now Victory!"
76561198014976795,Recommended,531640,29828592,Posted: 10 February,all,WaitThisIsntMTG,This game is like if you combined Hearthstone's beautiful UI with Magic's amazing gameplay. Love this game and can barely put it down.
,Recommended,531640,30117384,Posted: 23 February,all,RuySan,"This is basically Magic:The Gathering with Hearthstone kind of visuals. Since MTGO is such a terrible digital game and asks for so much of your wallet, this is the best option of playing something alike.It's very fun, and retains MTG depth while still keeping an almost similar pace to HS.The only downside is that I wished the developers were more daring with the aesthethics like Duelyst did. It's quite mundane and pedetrian on that front."
76561198060401063,Recommended,531640,30096589,Posted: 22 February,all,loseho,Duel Masters meet Hearthstone.
76561198162253489,Recommended,531640,30051993,Posted: 19 February,all,ThriftDrifter,"Very promising game, truly hope that it gets more quality sets and a decent competitive scene."
,Recommended,531640,30085576,Posted: 21 February,all,pls no,gud
76561197995375161,Recommended,531640,30082149,Posted: 21 February,all,Wingflier,"Eternal is essentially a hybrid between Magic the Gathering and Hearthstone. It takes more inspiration from Magic than Hearthstone.What you can expect are fairly quick matches based on deck building, strategy, and obviously card draw.This game has the fundamental flaw of being as luck-based as any card game however, so expect to get regularly screwed over by bad luck. Keep in mind though that sometimes you can get insanely good luck as well.One of the best things about this game are the plethora of modes available to the player, both against the AI and against human players. There's plenty of content here, even for people who don't enjoy PVP.The learning curve for this one is much higher than any other card game I've played. People who aren't veterans of online card games are probably going to get crushed a lot on ladder against real people, but fortunately there are the tons of other options against AI as well. Technically you would never have to play against a real person in order to unlock all the cards, but it would take longer.If you know what you're doing, this game is extremely generous. I've probably done about 8 hours of research total, but this is combined with my hundreds of hours of experience in similar games. However I haven't had to spend a dime and likely never will have to in order to create competitive decks while keeping my own style. There are plenty of sites online to help new players get started.On a final note, check out Dire Wolf Digital's other card game, Elder Scrolls Legends, which is just as amazing in its own way. If you're willing to invest the time (in either game), the payoff is incredible."
76561198136645360,Recommended,531640,30067422,Posted: 20 February,all,Horus89,This game is so cool really nice gj!
76561198105316780,Recommended,531640,30072571,Posted: 20 February,all,porcino,awesome game! wou get a lot of rewards for playing to quickly build your collection and some decent decks.
76561198025205297,Recommended,531640,29437413,Posted: 22 January,all,Jim -  OSPerry,"I have played MTG since the early 90's and played Magic off and on a bit since that time. I have gone years not playing Magic, and got back into it a bit with Magic TG Online and the Console yearly ports, Magic 2012, 2013, etc, and Duels.  I have liked most of those, and Duels almost got the formula right.You know who did get the formula right?  Eternal.Eternal is very solid game and addicting.  I think the interface needs some more intuitive flow and there needs to be more tutorials availalbe online for those new to the game.  I had to learn it through trial and error, but it is very natural if you have experience playing MTG.  I have been playing only this game for the past week and can't get enough.  I do like things about Magic better than this.  I am not crazy about the art style as much as Magic, but I like the flow and speed of the game, and the way they have made earning new cards in this Free to Play game is decent.  I think I will continue playing this game for a while.  I see that Magic is reupping their digital efforts on their games.  I think Eternal and Duelyst have put them on notice.Definitely try this game.  It is ""free"" to play.  What do you have to lose?"
,Recommended,531640,29471992,Posted: 24 January,all,Aniretalek,"If you like Card Games, don't even read the reviews...just play it!!"
76561198003124183,Recommended,531640,29468349,Posted: 24 January,all,CaptnSpanky,Great gaem
76561198017904763,Recommended,531640,29455196,Posted: 23 January,all,tony10033,"Began looking for a new online CCG because Magic Online has a terrible client and hearthstone lacks... something. Depth? Anyways, this game did not disappoint, would definitely reccomend this game to MTG and Hearthstone players in search of something new. A little slow to start collecting cards, but after few hours of the intro missions, you're rewarded with a decent amount of cards. Overall satisfied so far!"
,Recommended,531640,29609248,Posted: 31 January,all,Carris,Very Good game! Easy to play and have a variety of cards!
76561198028325505,Recommended,531640,29580920,Posted: 29 January,all,Techxorcist,"I really liked this actually! Alot of similarities between Hearthstone and Magic. There is a ""land esqe"" type rune system, but has the feel of Hearthstone.  I've read other comments about the ""buying card system"" and that person said that it is more expensive than Hearthstone, BUT it is waaaay easier to get cards and the packs are worth more. I honestly would recommed to anyone that likes card games like this to just give it a download and a try. It's really worth it in my opinion."
76561198030040893,Recommended,531640,29613286,Posted: 31 January,all,Vanisaris,"This is one of the better CCGs out there right now, and if the developers continue to innovate in their expansions, then Eternal has the posibility to be the best. Direwolf Digital has taken some elements that work in other TCG and CCG games and combined them to make an extremely enjoyable experience that starts out simple but gets deep for players that like more complexity in their card games. Additionally, there is a better array of content to help you earn cards before you move on to ranked content."
,Recommended,531640,29612136,Posted: 31 January,all,Keysi,ili ovo ili da se pucam pajdom
76561198250991698,Recommended,531640,29795222,Posted: 8 February,all,GDSeto,really good Card gamei played 25 minutes and won the first 2 battles and i can definitely say that i enjoyed itfrom the gameplay to learning how to rules/cards worked it's a fun game all-roundi am definitely playing ALOT of more of this game as it has become a memorable in my lifei hope the game developers keep working with this game and continuing to make it epic:D
,Recommended,531640,29789387,Posted: 8 February,all,Sisifos,"The best way to describe Eternal CCG is a mix of Magic The Gathering and Hearthstone. Dire Wolf manage to take the best parts of those two giants and made a hell of a game.  Eternal is the best CCG currently in Steam.Imagine a game with the nice appealing UI of Hearthstone, a UI which all modern CCGs ougth to have this days btw and all computer itterations of Magic The Gathering failed to implement until now.Now, imagine this game with the depth and strategy of the Magic the Gathering but only in such a dose which doesn't overhelm the players.Now, stop imagine and go download Eternal. Becouse this is that game!Eternal is a F2P but it has the best economic model than all the competition. Ownestly I don't believe that you have to spent a penny in this game if you don't want so, as you can aquire cards, pack and gold very easily just playing the game.And you can play in a plenty of ways either in PVE modes like the Campaign, the Gauntlet (an Arena like progressive matches with rewards) and the Forge (a drafting like mode with AI matches) or in PVP modes in Ranked constructed matches and Drafts! And as a last word. You keep any cards you pick in those drafting modes!So stop read and go download it. You will not be desappointed."
,Recommended,531640,29744593,Posted: 6 February,all,CLeRIK,"Quick matches, fun cards, good pricing, works good on a touchscreen (I play on my Surface 3 Pro). What's not to like?"
,Recommended,531640,29628157,Posted: 1 February,all,Parker2038,"great game, combines good visual effects with interesting, interactive and fun gameplay"
,Recommended,531640,29612351,Posted: 31 January,all,No1Hated,As im writing this review i only have 2.3 hours in this game but ive played a little bit of HS in the past and this game seems pretty fun everyones saying its better then HS but i wouldnt know 100% im new to Card games but i can tell this is a pretty fun game the only thing i dont like is having to place down the sigils but thats just me..i would def recommand this game for sure
,Recommended,531640,29594691,Posted: 30 January,all,Daddy,"A very great combination of MTG's play style, and Hearthstone's easy to learn and easy to use game! Absolutely love it!"
,Recommended,531640,29462782,Posted: 24 January,all,Rimewisp,"The game is okay, but it pretty obviously cheats. In the single player Forge mode, you are levied against decks that obviously don't follow the same deck construction rules you do, and it can go from super easy to stupid difficult at times. Stupid being because there is no way you can deal with a precon when you're just drafting from packs. In Gauntlet, you only get one shot, and certain decks will -always- have an answer.The game is good, but the AI needs some tweaking. Having the AI cheat to make up for stupid decisions isn't appropriate for this kind of game, especially with such limited play options.Still, overall good game, just needs more meat to it and a serious tweaking of how they deal with 'difficulty'."
,Recommended,531640,29489630,Posted: 25 January,all,Azulain,"As someone who has been playing card games in physical and digital format for near 15+ years I must say this game is amazing. It's like magic and hearthstone that had a baby but you never have to pay any money to have a top tier deck. Check it out, it's f2p!!!"
,Recommended,531640,29426413,Posted: 22 January,all,RyceCube,A really fantastic cross between magic online and hearthstone with a generous F2P system.
76561197965234911,Recommended,531640,29835294,Posted: 10 February,all,dabumdumpsh,"Coming from hearthstone, this is a far deeper and interactive game.Though hearthstone is visually amazing, the mechanics/gameplay are quite bland after a while. Eternal takes gameplay mechanics from MTG combined with a hearthstone atmosphere which lead to intriguing and methodical gameplay. Hearthstone players will also find the cross faction(class) deck archetypes to be refreshing and quite liberating for unique deckbuilding.Cons* - Tutorial is quite long  - Might be quite tedious for some."
76561198066049555,Recommended,531640,29824635,Posted: 10 February,all,wutang,amaze balls addictive
76561198113785880,Recommended,531640,30191899,Posted: 26 February,all,Tavi,"Excellent, quick, interactive and complex. Hearthstone can suck it."
,Recommended,531640,30182738,Posted: 25 February,all,Kimchi,Lifesteal cards too OP XD
76561198013647813,Recommended,531640,29934819,Posted: 14 February,all,Skum,Not bad at all
,Recommended,531640,29677423,Posted: 3 February,all,Mercestes,"So, I didn't like this game at first...it felt a little too much like Hearthstone to me.But checking back about 8 months later, I find myself actually enjoying it, especially for a free to play game.  I'm not sure what all has changed from then and now, maybe it's simply me seeing what other CCGs are out there.  But I'm having enough fun currently to change my recommendation.Game on!"
76561198106789457,Recommended,531640,29658301,Posted: 2 February,all,Leech,"nice gameEDIT: IF your not good at card games you will struggle alot to get good cards, which will make you either to:1. get better2. pay to get cards3. quit"
