user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198044010371,Not Recommended,531930,26456064,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Fobulous,"Dungeon Rats, made by the same people that made Age of Decadence, aims at providing AoD fans with a more combat heavy experience. While Dungeon Rats does deliver that in spades and is still accompanied by the low-res charm of its predecessor, the rough edges of its combat system really starts to show without being hidden behind dialogues and a lore-rich universe. It made me realize that the reason AoD was good was because the fights were sparse and  sudden, they were brutal yet non-central, even optional part of the AoD experience. Continuous fighting in Dungeon Rats quickly became repetitive and tedious - with many encounters feeling exactly the same - all while enduring its somewhat overturned difficulty - meaning expect only a very specific range of characters to succeed in completing the game, as well as be prepared to endure plenty of reloading, since even at max defense, you are still very vulnerable to just about everything, and many fights are won by narrow margins.Overall, Dungeon Rats was certainly an interesting experience, it showed me that AoD combat mechanics still lacked polish, and I would recommend that if you *do* get this game, play with a party(instead of solo) and perhaps on lower difficulty to minimize tedium.With tedium out of the way, it is a enjoyable game.Edited for grammar/spelling and clarity."
76561197974545088,Recommended,531930,28171437,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Pladio,"Important Note: I played through Age of Decadence several times before playing this game, so my experice may vary to yours. I only played this game on ""Hard"" (default difficulty) and ""Solo Mode Hard"".Overview:The game consists of approximately 50 battles, which are set-pieces. There are no random encounters. This makes it a game about learning what the encounters are about. Playing the game for the first time was challenging and I did not learn my lessons that defense is more important than offense. I also learnt later that it is ok for some of the early companions to die (although you don't want it to happen often).I would certainly suggest anyone playing this for the first time to play on ""Easy"", especially if you have never played Age of Decadence before. This game is unforgiving on ""Hard"" and like the description says, you will die a lot.In general however, if you enjoy turn-based battles, and like tactics and strategising, then you will likely enjoy this game.For example, each weapon has multiple attack types, which alter your attack chance and also which body part you hit. Attacking a heavily-armoured opponent with a ""Fast"" weak attack will not do anything, as you may not even be able to damage the character. However, if that same character is not wearing a helmet, then it is likely worth trying for headshots instead.Character Creation:You start the game by creating your character.This is in essence the most important part of the game, which is why you should play on ""Easy"" if you do not understand the mechanics of the game.It is imperative to focus ononly 1weapon skill andonly 1defense skill. You will not be (or are very unlikely to be) fighting with multiple weapons. The game's defense mechanic only works on one defense skill, which is why there is no point splitting points between dodge and block.You should as third and fourth skills probably go for Critical Strike and either Crafting or Alchemy, but it is probably better to not choose these at character creation. Instead, ensure you can win your first few battles without relying on these.Battle:As described above, you will be fighting (and dying) a lot. So be prepared to save your game a lot. Press F5 to quicksave and save on new slots as well in case you make a mistake, you can go back.The battles are action points dependent which in turn are dependent on Dexterity. Each weapon has a certain amount of base AP needed to use it and different attack types woudl then alter both the amount of AP and damage the weapon inflicts.Be aware of enemy's armour, shields or lack thereof as that should change your tactics. Sometimes it's better to hit someone in the arms so you do not die, rather than go for a power attack and hope to kill them faster.Crafting:Crafting is an integral part of the game, as you find new forges to make better weapons and armour. Each point in crafting will unlock better crafting techniques, however, it's every two points that really matters as this would allow you to craft with higher quality materials ranging from Bronze to Sky Metal. Each upgrade in metal type increases damage by 1 and defense rating by 1. Since this game is played out with 30-60 hitpoints, this is a lot.Imagine two enemies attacking you for 5 damage each with two hits each. In one turn that would mean 20HP lost if they hit you all 4 times without any armour. If you had an additional 2DR, each hit would only mean 3 damage, reducing your HP pool by only 12HP, almost halving your damage taken.Please be aware of this when looking at armour, and weapons.Alchemy:This is similar to crafting except that it can help you in a wider range of situations. Alchemy can be used to heal after battle, increase your Action Points, increase your damage or even throw bombs and fire at the enemy.The first thing to use alchemy for would be to heal yourself and create antidotes against poison as well as creating poison agaisnt humans.My Games:I played the game through to completion twice, however I did experiment with a few different builds.First playthrough was a dud and I realised I had focused too much on attack, which meant I died too often. I also focused on Intelligence and Charisma, which apparenlty is not as useful in a Prison as it was in Maadoran (Age of Decadence).The second playthrough was much better. I played a crossbow character focusing only on my defensive and offensive skills. I did not build any crafting or alchemy, leaving that to my followers. I found the start relatively difficult, but the end game, with a full build crossbowman and rest of party meant the final few battles were relatively easy.I tried playing an ironman game after that, but realised it's not for me. I enjoy trying out multiple tactics more than restarting the game from scratch all the time.My latest game (and likely last one unless a patch changes things up a lot) was a solo run as an Axe/Dodge build. Several battles proved very hard, but everything I learnt from my previous games meant I had a relatively easy early game. It was the late-game playing with just one character which was hard and I did win a few of those thanks to some luck or by the skin of my teeth.All in all, I must have played around 60 hours (even though Steams says 50 - as I played some offline too) and enoyed it tremendously. I put down Tyranny and Dragon Age: Origins for this. Which probably says quite a bit about the fun I have playing this game. I also do prefer turn-based to be honest :DAnyway, I recommend this game to almost anyone who enjoys turn based games, but I recommend starting on ""Easy""!EDIT:So, after reading some forum discussions, I decided to play the game again but with a blocker.I played with a 10 charisma character, and I realised very quickly the end-game would be way too easy, as the party characters you get at the end-game are superpowered with 10 charisma.I decided to play with one guy in crafting as a smith, and barely gave him any other skills than crafting and blocking.Final battle was very easy as I thought and I only used some poison and whetstones, not one potion or nets.Again, recommend the game. Plenty of fun to be had with different builds.3 completions:1. Dodge Crossbow2. Dodge 2-handed axe (solo)3. Block Spear"
,Recommended,531930,32402433,Posted: 13 June,all,AversionFX,"Dungeon Rats is a neat game. It's a very linear, straight-forward game where you move from battle to battle. At 16-hours played, I got more than enough entertainment to justify my purchase. The formula is pretty straight forward; fight your way up, get better equipment, and continue fighting.My primary complaint with Dungeon Rats is the meta. While the game is advertised as a party-based tactical RPG, the meta of the game is that it is a puzzle game revolving around resource management playing dress-up as a party-based tactical RPG.I will preface this portion of my review by saying that at a certain point, I resorted to cheating like a madman in order to continue playing the game. Between battles you are given no opportunity to rest and you do not regenerate hitpoints naturally. You can only heal with 1 of 2 items. There are healing salves which are crafted from (rare) herbs, which requires investing precious skill points to make the most of. And there are also rations which are also hard to come by and heal by exactly 1 hit point per. When your character with 40 MAX HP barely survives a fight, he eats a lot of them.There is no trading system, and once you run out of supplies you will have to make do. While I'm at it, all forms of resources are hard to come by, which means that if you use them early, prior to developing your craft skills, they are low-quality, and therefore wasted. You arealmostforced to have a high-level smith and alchemist in order to create equipment that gives youan edgea fighting chance in combat.The point that I decided to cheat was at the first boss. He had 5 guys, and I had 3; all were heavily wounded from slogging through his army to reach him. At first I only wanted to be at full health to make the fight more ""fair."" Then I decided that I didn't want to slog through a puzzle-game masquerading as a party-based RPG. I dumped rations and alchemy ingredients into my inventory, I loaded up my skills to the level I thought the enemy was. And at that point, even though combat was still challenging, I started having a lot of fun with it. I still died. A lot. But at least I was able to play the game the way I thought it should be played.I enjoy a good challenge, but rolling the dice has never been challenging and it's where Dungeon Rats is the weakest in my opinion. Combat is fun and gives you a lot of tactical options to pull ahead which is sadly lacking in most RPGs."
,Recommended,531930,26447486,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,hellwalker,"This is how dungeon games should be built. Good tactical combat, hand crafted combat encounters, enough story to set the mood and purpose for your journey and a bit of exploration events to spice up the level progression. If you usually play more story focused RPG's and could not bring yourself to play all the mindless random generated dungeon hacking games out there, this game is answer to your prayers. If you are more combat focused player, the story which is presented as brief intro texts before battles, will not get in your way or slow you down.Read carefully the descriptions of each stat when creating your character. The stat system allows for a very wide range of possible characters, and supports many play styles, but if you spread your skills all over without clear vision of how you are going to utilize them in combat, you are not going to progress far in this game.Be sure to read the in depth game description on store. Instead of usual marketing BS, the description actually provides clear and concise picture of what to expect from the game.  Hell, there should be an award about quality, helpful store descriptions and this game should get it."
76561198024080920,Recommended,531930,28449035,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Inzu,"I like Dungeon Rats.I lilke Dungeon Rats and I find it difficult to explain exactly why.The interface is a bit clunky.  The graphics are dated.  The sound is rudimentary.  The story linear.I like Dungeon Rats.   < scratches head >I'm sure if I thought on it some more I could find other reasons why I shouldn't like the game, but I do.The battles are challenging.  I've seen the skull ""you died"" screen enough times to have the image burnt permanently into my eyes.  I'm sure I could read some strategy guide that would tell me exactly what I am doing wrong, but I don't want to.I want to figure it out.  I don't care how many times I have to replay the same battle.I know if I just position my team a bit differently, use a different weapon, a different technique.  Change the order of attack.  Make better use of the terrain.  Try a different build.   I know if I do these things that eventually I will prevail.And I suppose that is what the attraction is.  That feeling of dire circumstances.  Desperate odds.  Scrambling for any possible advantage.  Hoarding your limited supplies, knowing you will need them later.Dungeon Rats is definitely not a game for everyone.  But if you like turn based battles with a good degree of difficulty, then it's definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,531930,26468557,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,MHC,"Pretty solid game, but a little disappointing both as an Age of Decadence (AoD) spinoff and as a small-scale dungeon crawl.Firstly, I'd absolutely recommend the game because the combat system, as in was in AoD, is really rock solid. Good variety in useful characters, good variety in weapons (An axe feels different from a sword, which feels different from a hammer, which feels massively different from a spear, etc), and extremely satisfying build-up in power. While you don't gain additional HP from leveling so everyone is on a roughly even playing field health-wise, a skilled character with shoddy equipment will completely smack down an unskilled character in great equipment. Since the game is a solid 90%, the game earns a recommendation on the strength of all this alone.The few weak points are more a matter of taste than anything. I would have preferred a larger pool of possible companions throughout the game so you could more easily accept companion deaths and pick up someone else. As an example of something that handles this well, Lisa. There are a ridiculous number of companions, and they each get a small amount of flavor (About the same as Dungeon Rats, an excuse for why they join you and then a few additional lines of dialog and that's it) so you can keep moving forward even with character deaths. This wouldn't have fit the current state of Dungeon Rats particularly well (Not much room for them as it is right now) but I feel like it would have fit well with the brutal nature of both the setting and AoD combat. Shrugging when Bubba the prisoner dies and then dragging Fred along in his place.My other major complaint was a fairly poor balance on the economy. The crafting skill is of limited use since you'll find such massive quantities of excellent gear that you'll practically never have to repair anything and can just throw armor away when it takes damage, and the huge amount of alchemical items you find means that you can keep your weapons poisoned non-stop with no difficulty, have massive amounts of healing supplies, and even a generous portion of explosives and fire-bombs. I felt better equipped through most of Dungeon Rats than I did through the vast majority of AoD, despite Dungeon Rats being set in a hellish prison.I've got two minor complaints that come to mind, first that the game doesn't seem to leverage the AoD setting particularly well. Most of it comes as references ('member Gaelius? 'member Feng? I 'member!) and what's new is pretty limited. The tiny glimpse at the aztec-like people in one of the possible endings is great, it's just a shame you don't learn much new about the setting.The other minor complaint being the game has fairly weak encounter design. Despite playing the game nearly exclusively for a couple days in a row, there are only two fights that spring to my mind as notably interesting. This could have been a major complaint if the game was longer, but the game's short enough that it didn't wear me down too much.Overall recommended. The strength of AoD combat, especially when you control more than one person, is enough to carry the game. It's just a shame that the rest wasn't stronger."
76561197998187459,Not Recommended,531930,33129771,Posted: 2 July,all,Tombles,"This is a fun little game that's let down by some awful UI and balance issues.Pros:- Combat is fun, and deep. There's a focus on positioning which makes tactics matter, as well as lots of different types of attacks and things to use.- Nice crafting system, with lots of options- Armor and weapon system is well thought outCons:- Reliance on scrounged items and herbs for healing means it's possible to lose the game by accident, by reaching a point where you have no healing items left and simply cannot continue.- Appallingly bad inventory interface, with annoying weight limit system that doesn't add anything.- Some enemies have bombs which they will use in the first turn and do so much damage you have to restart. Only wayout is to abuse your own bombs and hope for the best. Don't have any bombs left? Go find an old save where you do.- At one point you need to rescue an NPC, he has bombs and his AI will kill you with splash damage while you try and rescue him.- General balance feels off, where even on Normal difficulty, a tanky character with a tower shield can be killed by an enemy in one turn with a few lucky hits."
,Recommended,531930,26437482,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,agris,"Fun and challenging. Play it on murderous psychopath- it's how it was meant to be played! Especially recommended for the type of player who like optimizing character builds. I'll be playing this through more once.Also, despite being a spin off from Age of Decadence, you absolutely don't need to have played it to enjoy this. This is to AoD as IWD is to Baldur's Gate. Same world and engine, entirely different focus.One piece of advice: don't forget your crafting and alchemy skills."
,Recommended,531930,29811412,Posted: 9 February,all,kony,"Fun tactical game based as much on stats as on skill. I had a blast playing it. Wonderful combat system, challenging fights, no casualization, and the game is 100% combat (so it's unlike RPG game Age of Decadence by the same developer). On a downside, it's rather short, very linear and you can control a party only up to 4 people, so it somewhat limits possible tactics. Definitely not the best in the genre, but I'd recommend it to anyone who likes tactical games."
76561198054716011,Recommended,531930,29446784,Posted: 23 January,all,SerenityNow,"Long-term RPG fan here. This game is definitely worth a few playthroughs if you're an tactical RPG fan but it won't be your thing if you're into the storyline. In my opinion the game is too simple and repetitive for long-term enjoyment, but if you can get it on sale, give it a whirl, you won't regret it.Pros:* Fun, addicting gameplay (at least while the game is fresh)* Rich tactical combat options* Crafting & Alchemy and limited resources that you have to use very wisely* Unique RNG passive effects for every offensive and defensive skill* Unique combat actions for every offensive skill (weapon)* Balanced and challenging (at least on 'normal' difficulty)Cons:* Extremely linear storyline and gameplay. All battles are exactly the same, you get the same resources every game, etc.* Lack of replay value (mainly due to the above). Unless you want to push the game to the max and play with fewer party members or a save scum solo build, I don't see myself picking this up again anytime soon.* You pretty much have to go a high charisma semi or full support build as your main until you get really familiar with the game mechanics.* Not enough good gear drops naturally and there is too much reliance on crafting / alchemy. You basically have to get perfect crafting and alchemy and there are only two ways to do it: develop two followers that have naturally high crafting / alchemy skills or get them yourself. Developing the followers takes precious skill points away from more useful followers. Getting one or both of the skills yourself forces your main character into the full support role.* Periodic crashes (but they at least allow you to fill out a bug report)"
,Recommended,531930,26593904,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,HolyToledo!,Dungeon Rats feels like a game from ten years ago in the best possible way.
,Recommended,531930,26433714,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Goldseeker,Having a party works wonders with AoD combat system making random much more managebleBuy the game if you liked AoD combat. Consider buying if you liked AoD and like good RPGs in general so that authors have the chance to make their next big game.
76561198003036772,Recommended,531930,26527092,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Sloul,"Dungeon Rats is a pretty niche game and as such, kinda hard to describe to the crowd.Let say that everything started with a RPG: Age of Decadence.The big selling point of Age of Decadence was its multi (multi-multi) paths, dialogue options and etc.Not remember exaclty how many endings the game had for itself, but on top of my memory I would say about 6.AoD also had for itself a pretty interesting tactical-kit.With Dungeon Rats, I just realised oh ♥♥♥♥ing great it was.Which leads me to explain what Dungeon rats is: Dungeon rats is a 10 hours (or so) game that involves: tactical combats and pretty much only that.There is difficulty, difficulty mod and decisions replayability.Play in solo or in party, ironmod off/on, 3 difficulty settings and a few (very vew actually) decisions to make.It's taking all the aside of an RPG to the bare minimum and letting the sword and spears do the talking.To review quickly what AoD combat is about:Each weapon had its own moves, reach, AP cost, damage potential.Not as a nonsensical individual weapon, like you find in most game where this sword is doing 30, and later in the game this sword lvl 7 is doing 60 and later 60 + frost poo 1.2 and xy% + namely♥♥♥♥♥♥Here: A sword is a sword.And any sword is a sword.Let say a sword cost 3 ap to act and deal between 5-7 damage.Every other sword will do that. Exactly that.While a spear will act a bit differently and offer different moves it will also have a better reach.Now on top of that there are different kind of weapons for every category.A mineb is an axe, a skegged is an axe.The same way a scimetar is a sword and a glavius is another sword.So you get ton♥♥♥♥♥ of choice for your weapons of choices and no need for nonsensical stuff.2 handed weapons will also offer better reach (wether they are spears, swords, axes...) than 1 handed weapons.And not every weapon is made of the same material: they can be made of bronze, iron, steel etc.Which change their stats.They can also have specific quality inerhited from their forgers, indeed wether you loot them or forge them, you can get weapons with specific bonuses and again, nothing ridiculous and idiotic.And thus, you end up with tons of different weapons offering tons of different playing-style.I've read other reviewers stating that the game get repetitive (from a combat perspective), and I would say that it is true for any game.For any game you have this feel of repetitivness after a while, would it be for Total War serie, for Planescape: Torment, for Battlefield 3.Even game that has tonshit of huge tons of stats and stuff: Age of Wonders (1+2+3) or even Dominions: 4: they get repetitive.But here, I can see something that might make DR feel more repetitive that it could be.While its standard tactical-kit is impeccable (downright ♥♥♥♥ing gorgeous), the devs wanted to stay ''non nonsensical'', no mage fireball, no dwarf pickaxe thrower, no terminator machine gun.But as I see it, it also becomes a bit of an issue, when you make a ''rough'' game. You need that little bit of folly there and there, you need that little something that makes you ''WOW'', more so with a game that cries authenticity and handcrafted material, because it makes it even more plausible and kewl.I am playing Tyranny atm. Yes, I know. I digress. But ♥♥♥♥ I can't play that game. The stats, the items, everything is nonsensical. Everything is ton♥♥♥♥♥ of stats garbage complete poo. There is no sword, there is no spear, there is no hammer, there is no skill that I want to master.There ''sword and shield'', or ''dual♥♥♥♥♥♥'. Nothing that makes sense. Just video game things put in a video game to make an ''RPG'' solo player with, ofc, MMO layers because. No reason.What I mean to say for the readers that I lost: AoD, Dungeon Rats: they are handcrafted, they are real, everything is cared about, everything has a reason to be, and the game is ''rough''.Another con: Dungeon Rats was just a grab.Now, I understand the devs reasons, i still had a blast, i still support them 300%.But Dungeon Rats could have been, way, better than what it is atm if it was more rpg-ish.Even with 2-3 months (as stated by devs themselves) of work would have made a few decisions there and there much, much more satisfying over all.Well, not sure if my review is crap. But the game sure is cool.90% combat oriented, pretty much TBS, be ready to resort to violence and have your butt-kicked in the dirt.It's a big + if you played AoD previously imo.I would also like to mention the music, atmosphere, ambients, they all work like a charm."
76561198001784686,Recommended,531930,26478151,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Beaghan,"Good game well worth the price.pros - squad, turn based tactics, challenging, good story.cons - camera/movement etc can be a little wonky but you get the hang of it. It's difficult, I played on the recommended hard setting and it's tuff. I have 6+ hours in and I haven't earned any achievements yet and I'm about to restart to try a different character build as I'm getting owned by the ant queen :p  I personally like that it's not easy but some won't. There's an easy setting but it's probably still resonably hard too, I didn't try it so don't know. No map - I haven't seen any so either I'm missing something simple or there is no map - there should be one. You have to remember everywhere you go and that is the worst thing by far - unless I'm just missing it?? Needs a quest journal, or some better way to keep track of what you're supposed to be doing.I haven't seen any bugs or errors yet so if you like this type of game normally then you'll probably like this one too. I read a few reviews and posts on the forums that the game was too hard. That made me want to go ahead and buy it because I thought that the people were just crying, well it turns out it is pretty hard so if you won't like difficult fights where you have guys die then maybe it's not for you. When a guy accompanying you dies in a fight he's dead, no popping up with 1hp after the fight is over, no resurrections, etc. Tuff love, someone drops and you loot them and leave them lol.I'll keep playing and buy/check out their future games too."
,Recommended,531930,26418710,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,HoboForEternity,"A little more than a year after Age of Decadence was released. Iron Tower Studio once again proved hardcore RPG can still exist in modern time. moving away from political manuever, backstabbing, betraying and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ting yourselves out of fights*, this time ITS make us into full stabbity-stab mode.Dungeon rats is a combat centered dungeon crawler, with perfected AoD formula, it is a love letter to people who enjoyed AoD combat and for those masochist who want to try their mettle against hordes of awful murderous insects, armed and angry prisoners.the story is simple. you are in an underground prison. find your way out**the combat is more or less same with AoD, with all the rough edges all polished. several improvements like positioning before a battle commence, some UI tweaks, and everything. crafting/alchemy system is still robust as AoD, with new ignredients, upgrades, and new items.this time around however, ITS give newcomers a breathing room by 3 different difficulty mode. people who never played AoD can test the water in easier diff. level, while veterans or murderous psychopaths can grind themselves with the highest difficulty.i am 2 hours in and will update the review when i finished the game. so far, if you are in doubt, try AoD or the free demo. if you like the combat, you will like this one."
76561198141403139,Recommended,531930,33049237,Posted: 30 June,all,JD_888,"An excellent turn-based RPG with heavy combat focus. Recommended if you like a challenging, tactical game.- great combat system with different play styles, weapon kinds, many types of attacks that have their specific uses, additional gear like nets, poisons or grenades, positioning that matters a lot.- well thought-out armor system. You can't just wear the heaviest armor and dodge and move as fast as if you wore nothing. It's a trade-off and a strategic decision which armor and/or shield to use.- very nice crafting system- resource scarcity that forces long-term planning. You better think twice before using that rare metal to forge an item or throw all your grenades on a low level enemy. Same applies to healing items. Most devs would be too scared to do it but here you can just spend all your resources and be stuck in a basically unwinnable position. It's not just about winning fights but also winning them without using all your grenades and healing items. By the final fight (playing on murderous psychopath) I've used up ALL my healing items and food, so if the game went on even a little longer I would've been screwed. You can't just go back and ""grind"" low level enemies for loot and XP, there's a limited amount of resources in the game and you have to make the best use of them you can.- interesting lore tidbits and optional paths. The game is linear but accessing some things depend on your stats and skills or fighting (hard) optional fights.- inventory UI... it's alright but could be a lot better (reminds me of Fallout 1/2). Eventually it gets too cluttered and there's no way to sort other than filter armor/weapons/other so searching for a specific item is a pain. It gets especially bad if you have multiple types of throwing weapons and ammo made from different kinds of metal.- the thing about difficulty and resource scarcity and management. You'll be much more efficient the second time around because you'll know when to craft healing items and which companions are worth keeping. The companions are nice but again the ones you start with are mostly bad even if you level them up there are strictly better replacements later on, so you're essentially ""wasting"" XP and healing items on them.- the game is generally not very random in the ""random-critical-hit-you're-dead"" sense with one exception: enemies using explosives. They don't miss, crit very often and do splash damage. 1-2 hits and you're dead. Basically you have to take them out first or try to abuse their ai so they waste their turn. They only appear in a couple of fights though."
76561198071807740,Recommended,531930,27369303,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Franky,"Excellent game. I expected I wouldn't have as much fun with it as I had with AoD because I'm more of a story-focused player, but this game made me remember why I used to play Jagged Alliance and X-Com. If the system is good and the game is challenging, combat can be a lot of fun."
76561197970675420,Recommended,531930,31570331,Posted: 5 May,all,Gooth,"This game is absolutely everything you want it to be. Read the description, this is not for the casual angry birds playing thumb twiddler. This game will knock you down a peg if you don't go in prepared for what is in store.Pros -- Brilliant tactical combat. It's hard. You will die and try again.- Customization that really matters. Potions that really matter. Crafting, Alchemy... It all really matters.- Tactics... They matter too :)- Good array of companions for different customization.- Great lore - especially combined with Age of Decadence.- Good length.- Battles don't feel stale. Enough new twists with areas and opponent types.- It's hard. Really challenges you.Cons - These really did not bother me but it may to some.- Linear - but it makes sense. Doesn't feel like you have no choice, it makes sense because you're trying to get the hell out of the damn dungeon!- No map / mini map - You shouldn't get lost and again, it makes sense not to have it.- All text, no voice acting - A shame, but it doesn't make it bad by any means. Reading is good people.You can play the same battle and in the first attempt lose everyone horribly due to poor planning and tactics, while in the second attempt succeed with barely a scratch. You WILL use those nets to trap foes. You WILL use poison, knock downs, fire bombs, acid, and every other trick you can think of to outsmart the enemy.I thoroughly enjoyed this game. It's a steal at the asking price.Buy it. Don't wait."
76561198004740412,Recommended,531930,27246325,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SniperHF,"Pros:Excellent turn based combat.Character system with great detail where you feel the impact of every change.Unique and challenging handplaced combat encounters.Crafting that's fun and not a chore.Expanded convenience features for getting back to the core gameplay quicker.Multiple ways to play (solo,small party, large party).Cons:Linear"
,Recommended,531930,26626718,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Slimu,"Dungeon Rats it's a turn based dungeon crawler set in the Age of Decadence universe. You are a new convict which must escape from the bottom of the mine by mostly killing all those who oppose you.At the beginning of the game you may choose to play solo or with a party of recruitable NPCs. The number and quality of those NPCs depends of your Charisma attribute. If you haven't played AoD, you must know that there are no dump attributes so you will have to think well about what kind of character you wish to play.Combat is hard on the default difficulty (Murderous psychopaths), but once you start to understand it, you will enjoy it. If you see that the first couple of fights are very hard, you should try to roll a new character. One tip which I can give you for the beginning is to have a ranged character (NPC or your character). At the beginning of a fight you are allowed to position and orientate your party, which is very important since there are various bonuses to hit change from the side/back. This means you must be on the watch not to let your characters be attacked from those position, but also exploit this on your enemies.When you find new weapons/armours you can now learn their schematics so you can create better versions of them. Alchemy is also very important since you can create potions, including healing and poisoning. You won't regenerate your life after a fight so it's important to manage these resources. Even one point in alchemy is enough to create healing potions. You can also find party members with crafting/alchemy skills and then their skill values will be used, which is great.As you can see from the screenshots, the graphics are not next gen, but they are decent. Music is good, even if there aren't too many songs.I wholly recommend this game to any fan of tactical turn based RPGs."
76561197961928118,Recommended,531930,26449178,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Chris,"Glad I tried this. While I liked the 'idea' of Age of Decadence--I didn't always enjoy playing it. This is a more traditional, more focused dungeon crawl. Feels more polished than AOD, and tighter combat-focused scope is more forgiving on character builds. But there is still crafting and alchemy, and all of the tactical combat stuff is there so is by no way overly dumbed down. Definitely worth the 8 bucks so far!"
,Recommended,531930,34314918,Posted: 17 August,all,obz,-Rather unforgiving-Subtle gameplay combat details can make a huge difference-Victories are pretty satisfying-Camera views can be nightmare-As linear as it gets-inventory management is a horror show - no filters-No map? really?-Graphics aren't stellar-RPG elements are significant to your survival-On some screens the UI is unintuitive-Still... I reload and reload and reload.
76561197992767797,Recommended,531930,26435963,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Moghra,"I did not enjoy Age of Decadence due to the ""pick the wrong choice you die"" nature of the game (I'm a turn-based combat junkie).  This is thoroughly addressed in Dungeon Rats!  Plenty of challenging but not absurd battles (since you are expected to fight through everything).  I love the combat system, the underlying mechanics (materials, crafting, etc.), and the flexibility in character customization.Now if they could only layer in some magic in their next game..."
76561197972462277,Recommended,531930,29698432,Posted: 4 February,all,chriskessel,"This was close call on whether to recommend it. It really came down to the price point and at $9 you'll get a decent value.The game is a sequence of combats. No story to speak of. If you like Age of Decadence combat, you'll like this. I finished AoD twice, but found this game still surprisingly hard. I didn't finish Dungeon Rats and I don't plan to after getting stuck 1/2 way through twice in a row. Pick one of the easier combat levels, I made the mistake of picking the ""you are even with the enemies"" and it was just frustratingly difficult.Thumbs up if you like repeated tactical battles, but there's nothing else here so be warned."
,Recommended,531930,28940422,Posted: 2 January,all,tomsode,"Took me three tries to make it through on the easy mode, first time I spread my stats too much so the guy was bad at most things and it didn't take long before I got stuck, second time I used to much potions too early since when I died 2-3 times I thought it required alot of bombs and stuff so I ended up with a fight I couldn't win.  Third time it was pretty easy since I had learned to use stuff more sparingly.All and all, you die a alot and it is frustrating but still fun if you can endure pain :)"
,Recommended,531930,26484685,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,huckc,"Very hard, very fun, too addicting."
76561198080123570,Recommended,531930,30688094,Posted: 23 March,all,willsama974,"Iron Tower Studio shows its skills and grim vision again !Great turn-based party or solo tactics.Music is on par with the battle system and character evolution, solid stuff."
76561198008210412,Recommended,531930,26482682,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Gabbek,"Wanted to be like 300's hoplite. Went psycho & solo spear... became a Legion, or an Immortal one! 10/10Time to reroll a new game."
76561197988319173,Recommended,531930,26448318,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,sovietxrobot,"Dungeon Rats is a combat-only sequel to Age of Decadence, like Fallout Tactics was to Fallout 2. This stripped down version of the game has only combat, alchemy, and crafting. Fortunately, those were arguably the best parts of AoD. The tactical turn-based combat is complex, engaging, and well designed. Every encounter is challenging and makes you use all of your resources. Each one is like a puzzle; they seem intractable at first, then you try some new tactic and you get halfway through the fight, and keep tweaking until you find the perfect solution. Every build is unique, and the game plays quite differently in solo-mode versus party-mode."
76561198048058172,Recommended,531930,26673800,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,msj1117,"Loved this game. Great fights that do not seem repetitive, really forces you to strategize. Errors can be devastating. Graphics are solid, good audio, soundtrack is fine.  Many different weapons and armors allow for great party customization and character development.As others have commented, alchemy and crafting are important. That said, and the developers are very up-front about this, the emphasis is on 50 brutal, in-the-trenches fights. There is no magic; it's stab, slice, hack, crush, skewer, shoot, and bomb  your way to victory.Story is well-written with some vivid language. The gritty writing adds to the sense of grim determination as you move your party closer to freedom.Replay value is excellent. Overall couldn't have been happier with this purchase. If you're a fan of challenging, turn- and party-based combat management, you're in for a treat."
76561198076495316,Recommended,531930,26508532,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,newageofpower,"Dungeon Rats is a pure combat game set in the universe of Age of Decadence. Like it's predecessor, it promises to force players to make hard decisions and weigh every tradeoff.The first thing you'll notice when playing the game is the excellent, atmospheric music, almost perfectly complementing the game's main menu screen. Most of the in game scenes, however, err towardstoo dark for easy visibility, even somewhat hindering playability.While shallow in comparison, the conversation trees are highly reminiscent of Age of Decadence's conversations; detailed, lore-heavy, full of unsaid implications, which were one of the best qualities of AoD. Unfortunately, as Dungeon Rats is extremely linear, it could not embrace the full scope of these conversations.Some issues of balance and design become obvious at the end of my first playthrough:-As this is a highly combat-centric game, players will find Dexterity to be one of the most critical statistics; having less than 8 Dex is practically unjustifiable.-There is far too much food available; this not only discourages investing into Alchemy (as healing is too easy) but completely ruins the feel of a band of half-starved prisoners. Given that three of the starting companions have trash-tier health totals, even using all your food is difficult as heavy injuries would kill these companions in the first place.-Crafting has a weird progression, Iron is available immediately after the first arc, but remains the highest tier of craftable material until the midpoint of the game.-While there is enough Blue Steel to equip at least two members of your party (potentially four if you don't go nuts with super-heavy armor and kill the Praetor's guards) the shortage of Meteoric Steel makes investing more than Crafting 8 a fairly questionable decision.These things being said, the game perfectly lives up to it's core concept; difficult combat where dying is easy. I'm uncertain it's even possible for a solo high intelligence build (which I believe should be necessary tousethe healing machine) to clear the Meteoric constructs guarding the healing machine. Like wise, the Emperor and final battles reward viable builds and punish unviable builds, exactly as promised.One thing I liked most about this game (and not about Age of Decadence) was the fun in crafting master-tier gear and equipping multiple party members with said gear.Some suggestions:-It would be better if food were consumed by each companion each level, with temporary stat penalties setting in if food were not available. Some skill/stat/party member checks to find/open more food caches would be available for not only flavor text but to reward players who used certain combinations of skills.Players without alchemy would also have to weigh healing vs consumption needs.-A better progression would be allowing Bronze immediately after defeating Barca and Iron after the Dregers, with Steel being available at the abandoned forge. At least 5 (and preferably 10) more lbs of Meteor being available would be necessary to justify Crafting 10.-I missed the detailed Age of Decadence style ending cards (after each arc of AoD) explaining what happened in the aftermath. While perhaps outside the scope of Dungeon Rats, perhaps a sequel to DR with your actions and choices explaining what occured after DR could be in order. Does your player settle down in an outlying village with his hardened crew, or take to banditry themselves? How much of the crew sticks with the player, and how much go off to seek their own fortunes? Does Marcus get his revenge, as would be implied by Cado's dissapearance? Do Ismail and Roxana get together?Starting the sequel with gear you've acquired in DR (with those equipped to those who leave dissapearing vanishing) would beawesomeif perhaps a little difficult to balance."
76561197993789899,Recommended,531930,28336654,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,mosely84,Great game for those who like a good turn based challenge.
76561198085884815,Recommended,531930,28987628,Posted: 3 January,all,WiseWolf22,"Love this game but it does have its downsides as well. Dungeon Rats is a geat strategy game requiring alot of time, patience , a bit of luck and a metric ton of reloading your last save lol. Dungeon Rats is a very challenging game you need to be tacticful in everything you do. Even tho the graghics feel dated and there is a definante lack of story its a great time killer and will keep you entertained.PROS-combat-tutorialCONS-lack of story-dated graphics"
76561198044079629,Recommended,531930,29474923,Posted: 24 January,all,spork_lift,"TL;DR:Dungeon Rats is an excellent, low-magic, tactical RPG. Strategy and Character builds are important, and every fight is difficult but winnable. Its a mostly linear experience, and this allows each encounter to be finely tuned and balanced. All told, I think the playthrough I actually beat the game on took about 8 hours, but I had done the beggining a few times by then trying different builds. This is a game I have trouble putting down. If I pick it up to try a new character build idea, I often find that 6 hours have passed before I even notice.Honestly, I'd feel bad NOT writing a review for this game at this point. This is, by far, one of the best tactical RPG's I've ever played. It should be noted that this game does not mess around with you. For veterans of tactics games, I'd reccommend starting on the medium difficult (""tough ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""), and for tactics newbies or more casual players, play on the easy difficulty (""nice guy"").Cohesion:Everything in this game just comes together so nicely. Every fight feels difficult, and the system of rations and healing items gives you incnetive even in the easier fights to try to avoid taking too much damage (although healing items are plentiful). I never felt as though any fight was unwinnable on normal difficulty. You have limited resources as you progress through the mines, so every piece of equipment you scavenge from fallen foes feels like a victory, as you can smelt them down and craft new equipment for yourself at various camps and forges. Yet the resource management fits perfectly with the combat and the atmosphere of the game; you're fighting against the odds, and start the game with extremely limited resources, wielding primitive stone hammers and crude bronze shivs, while by the end, you'll be swimming in the steel armor of your fallen foes. Everything is useful but limited: alchemy ingredients provide a boost for a tough fight, new armors and weapons keep you on a level field with your new foes, and ammunition for bows and throwing weapons needs to be rationed properly, especially early on. Theres no magic to help you with fights, but you can decide where to aim your strikes (legs, arms, torso, head, etc) or use area attacks (whirlwind with you weapon or swing in an arc in front of you) to effect multiple targets.Difficulty and RNG:There are some complaints about the game being RNG heavy. I firmly disagree. There are times when you'll be quitely cursing as you miss your third crossbow shot in a row with a 70% chance to hit, but thats what makes games like Dungeon Rats and XCOM fun: being able to adapt to a poor roll or an unexpected miss, and to be able to salvage your battle plan.  There were times when my party got destroyed on my first attempt, and then I thought ""huh, maybe I'll try a different formation this time, send one of my men to rush the archers and focus down the target with a net"". What was before a brutal loss, became a solid victory after a change of tactics. Using the proper aimed strikes to cripple targets and reduce their accuracy is vital to ensuring your victory.The Devs:The devs seem awesome. I think the studio is pretty small, but they have already updated the game twice since inception, including some much needed balancing, and are very active on the forums.Random Thoughts:The last fight was amazing, and I really had an adrenaline rush due to the whole scenario and the fight against impossible odds. It was a perfect ending to the dungeon crawl.As much as I love this game, I do have a couple complaints. Bomb-chucking enemies can destroy your party if you don't have a quick melee fighter to tie them up, and they just feel about 50 times more dangerous than your average opponent, since a critical bomb strike can nearly one shot some of your squisher fighters, and they rarely miss. There were a couple bugs in the earlier version which annoyed me and prevented me from backtracking to do an optional fight, but I think those have been fixed in the most recent patch.All in all: Dungeon Rats gets a solid 9.25/10 from me. Highly reccommended to anyone who enjoys a challenge, and it is an aboslute steal at $9, to me, this is easily worth 20-30$."
76561198027156385,Recommended,531930,27954469,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Blue Eyes White Privileged!,"While not a bad game, I'd prefer going back to the story telling of AoD. It was a far better game in every aspect. I am hoping that the next game will have more meat to it. I'd rather wait several years for a meaty game like AoD, than a few months for something like this. Either way, thanks for the game.Especially if they do squad based combat ever again. I'd love to see it in a game with more story.Edit: I will add, that people that have played AoD, will probably get more from this game, than people that haven't. Probably the most redeeming quality of this game, other than the combat, was a chance to see the world from another perspective. The level of story was lower, but what was there, was interesting for me. Particularly as your role in this game, is far more humble than the last."
76561198031801890,Recommended,531930,26450517,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Axa,"Turn-based combaty goodnessChristmas in November! Let all those who liked the Age of Decadence (but thought all those fancy words got in the way of killin') rejoice! Dungeon Rats provides you with the opportunity to cripple, crush, stab, slash, and generally be unpleasant to the flora and fauna of a prison colony.Will you create abarely sapient killing machinebrave warrior; skillfully vanquishing the opposition all by your lonesome? Or do you prefer alying weaselscholar and a gentleman; cruelly and unjustly imprisoned by the powers that be, struggling to escape from the depths of the prison by rallyingdisposable scumbagsyour brothers and sisters in captivity?In all seriousness, it's a fun game that has the potential to keep you occupied for a while. Worth checking out if you're a fan of turn-based combat. However, I do recommend you try the Age of Decadence demo first to see if their design philosophy is to your liking without worrying about the 2 hour Steam refund option. If you hate/hated the combat in Age of Decadence there's a good chance you'll hate Dungeon Rats."
,Recommended,531930,26476004,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,bumbumbym,"Great developer, or greatest developer? Highly intuitive controls, balanced skill system, great story, and a great offshoot of the original Age of Decadence game. Would likely buy anything they put out henceforth."
,Recommended,531930,33372684,Posted: 8 July,all,Chicago Shark!!!,"This game is well worth the single digit price tag and offers a very unique RPG experience. What I thought was the best part about Dungeon Rats was how it forces you to go through trial and error and learn from your mistakes in each fight. It took me quite a while to finally beat the game but it's very realistic in terms of how combat works. You can't just rush in with swords and crossbows blazing and expect to roll over your foes. You have to map out a detailed plan before each battle and make sure the variables are set up and stuff. It's also an unique RPG where there aren't the traditional EXP points and level ups. Instead you get skill points after each victory which you can apply to improving certain combat, defense or utility skills for your character. There aren't special abilities nor classes in this game which is another unique aspect.tl;dr If you enjoy a classic turn-based and party-based RPG which has an engaging storyline and will grow on you, go ahead and slap a few bucks and change on the table and get it!"
76561197992588541,Recommended,531930,26488531,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Yulius,"Love this game so much it's making me replay The Age of Decadence (AoD) as i need more of this drug!A warning is needed for any new buyer though, the game was made as an answer to all those that liked AoD combat and wanted more. It offers nothing more than fights after fights and you won't find in there the juicy dialogs of the previous game. You do have some reference to the lore and the minimum in term of story, you are a prisonner sent to a mining facility, you reach the bottom and you'll fight your way out especially if it means killing everything in  your pass be it prisonners clans, guards or beasts.The good thing is i really enjoy their combat system in AoD, i love it and wanted more of the same ! It's a little improved, there are some new weapons and armor and you can also fight with companions of misfortune, prisonners like you that you may rally to your cause. Companions have a little backstory but don't expect more than that, it does help with the immersion and everything makes sense just as the overall layer of the map.Every new area is a reason for a new fight, new ennemies, new tactics needed. The game is challenging but never unfair, every fights have different tactics that can work and obstacles that can help with those. The game is well balanced and offer a good challenge in party or solo mode i had great fun with both.The ending felt good it brings closure to your story and offers some alternate choices if you made a more ""charismatic"" character.I want to say well done to the dev, this is a cheap but nice little game that does what it says and adds a little more to help with immersion wich is always good to me. As for a potential buyer, if you like AoD combat and want a game based around it offering challenging turn based fights then you won't regret it !"
76561198062786752,Recommended,531930,26606879,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,lonewolf3135,"A great game. I would recommend it to anyone that loves medieval turn based tatical games.Although it is not as long or indepth as AoC, DR still has a very good story line that made me want to keep playing even after I beat it. When you start your journey you are at rock bottom and you will have to claw your way out.It takes tatical thinking to get you to the next level, It pushs you to think two steps ahead of your opponents. This game made me use a lot of items that I overlooked in AoC.The graphics are not mind blowing, but the combat and atmosphere of the game make it great deal of fun."
76561198006811318,Recommended,531930,26543116,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Gotrek,"Dungeon Rats seems to be a game centered around the direct means of combat. The story is little to know interest for it barely is even present. So the combat better be really good. Like its counterpart Age of Decadence, this game is almost unfairly hard. But unlike AoD this game is about its combat mechanic. If you like AoDs combat you will like this. Meaning if you are a fan of tactical turn-based RPGs you will like this. I really like the character building. You have to and I mean have to pick a few skills and stick with it. Tie it in with your stats, pick between an offense a defense and a utility skill. Thats my suggestion at least. Going for a combat guy, pick a weapon or two, pick  block or dodge, then maybe go for a craft. This is the first game I actually prioritise alchemy, for it is extremely helpful. Making heals and antidotes are a must, and extra booster pots and black powder make the fights easier. A lot easier...The crafting is very good suprisingly. I think its actually fun and has a very tide turning use. Except for the repair. As always I say ""F repair systems."" I do give this game some leniance considering this is geared towards realisticness and has no magic. But still, there is a repair system on here inwhich could cause you misery. I like how you actually must play your role and adhere to handicaps. It's smart to be physical then dont put in charisma. If you choose charisma, hire people and be a ranged fighter if you can. There are many ways, and it keeps things interesting and fun. This game has such fun challange that it makes you appreciate your character. You will die a lot. Fun mental stimulation with the learning curve.This game can♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, but not in a good way like mentioned before about challange. This game has a major hard on for poison. Poison will be your bane. Everything poisons you and it just ruins the flow. I think this game has too much emphasis on poisons and if you dont have the antidot potions you are boned. Even with a designated alchemist, the antidotes will eventually dwindle to nothing. This game should have relaxed on the stupid poison. My other complaint is the rations. There is no way to heal yourself if you dont have any healing salve or rations. One ration heals one HP. There is no other way to heal up. Remember its the Age of Decadence world. I think there should have been more leniance towards recovering HP because it could actually end your entire game run. Odds are always against you anyways. And repairing...I hate repair systems....I think there is also a bit too much percentage equations to juggle. Heavy armor, armor quality, THC percentage, armor penaltys, all based on your dexterity, strength, and speed. Light armor, heavy armor, AP. Its fun but it can get very tiring to factor in all those stats.I recomend. Well worth 8 bucks. I am a fan of Age of Decadence and this game shouldn't be clandestine for those fans. It's not for everyone and its a good game."
76561198110060098,Recommended,531930,28340182,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,bogdanzhivov,Great game. I beg the developers to make Russian translation.
76561198056785228,Recommended,531930,26502457,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Mr_Blacko,"Fair price for a good game!I just finished the game solo on normal difficulty.That was quiet a challenge and I died about 100 times during play through.Finishing the game on solo hard mode seems almost impossible to me. I played with 8 Str, 10 dex, 9 con, 4 per, 7 int, and 2 cha. Even with 7 points on int i didnt get enough skill points to max ALL skills needed (weapon skill, dodge, critical strike, crafting and alchemy). And you NEED alchemy and craftng to survive the final fights! ! :-)It will be a great feature to give solo players (only for hard mode )the last 2 attribute points from charisma.I can definitely recommend this game to everyone who enjoys playing tactical round based rpgs."
76561198063916094,Recommended,531930,27504824,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,greebo0026,Again a good solid game for the more game over graphics typ player bit limmited needs a map but great fun look forward to more from these guys
76561198139545062,Recommended,531930,26596192,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,kickazzkevin,"This game is very addicting, a lot of fun, and really puts you in an era where life is hell at every corner. I gotta admit everything runs smooth and the video and audio is great. The crossbow is my fav weapon coice. Have fun everyone! This is a true 10/10."
76561198096382177,Recommended,531930,26621584,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Aj Da Star,"Adds a lot into the other Age of Decadence game. Especially the combat system of it, this adds a lot more tactics in the combat and if you liked the system in first game, you'll love this one. I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,531930,29262695,Posted: 14 January,all,Int,"When I first started the game I had no expectations at all. I had no idea yet that it was going to keep my attention for three days straight.Clunky interface and dated visuals do not impress your mind as you probably get used to. Don’t let yourself get distracted so easily, let it in and you’ll be amazed on how much it has to offer. It invites you to have a very unique, engaging, mature and rewarding RPG experience. The game mechanic and the balance is where the game really shines. It makes you appreciate that every single detail and decision does matter and you will painfully learn about it. Through the each detail it can be tracked how much their developers loves and cares about their product. It is easy to see how they do everything it takes to make it a finished and unique RPG as they envision it to the point that it strikes you personally.There is no sense in blaming the graphics or the way the story develops which is rather straightforward. This product looks very self-contained and polished as it is. Just make sure to play it with the default «high» difficulty settings, it is really the best way the game meant to be played. If you ever liked turn-based combat games, get this game and check it out, the experience is well worth your time and money.For some reason, the game reminds me of another game called Silent Storm, even though there’s not much in common. Am I the only one?P. S.At some point you may get a feeling that this game hates you. I promise this game will make you swear no matter how calm you are. Let this feeling grow and develop as you progress through and you will find out a proper way to hate her back. I hate this game even more now after I beat it and I hope I will never come back to it. Alright, maybe I’m being a little salty with this one, never mind.P. S.Somehow I always wanted to select my party member using F1-Fn keys and every time it left me wondering why it is not possible. How hard is it for the UI to display the item weight in your inventory as it does inside a crafting section?"
,Recommended,531930,26548165,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Doc,"This game is fun, and not fun.Things I love :Charming low res graphics.Lore.Dialogue is expansive, and not TOO complex.Lots of weapons, and armor.Crafting, and alchemy --> Easy to understand.Lots of enemy variation.Things I hate:Some early enemies can be OP unless you are in a very narrow line of builds.Almost EVERY enemy has a status effect weapon.Unpolished combat.Bombs, are fuhcking annoying, and spammy. From both enemies and myself. (Thats probably on purpose though)It can be a bit enemy spammy at times.If you can only get one party member... kiss your life goodbye. (At least for hard and up difficulties)Usually, if you fail a fight once... you're doomed to fail it a thousand more times.Talkey-Stuff:So yeah; it's a fun game I guess. I had fun in the beginning, although after killing Barca it gets exponentially more frustrating for most builds not in the ""THESE GOOD BUILDS"" list.Overall Rating:Walk into hall --> Fight something --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Kill it --> Walk five feet --> Find another group, with more of them  --> Fight them --> Die  --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Reload --> Die --> Quit for a while --> Try again --> ??????"
76561198061570568,Recommended,531930,26937545,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EVERY MAN A GUN,"If you're a fan of AoD you'll be familiar with the general flow of the game, but it's exclusively combat focused."
,Recommended,531930,26431191,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,walkdontrun,"All the good parts of The Age of Decadence wrapped into a party-RPG that (so far) feels like an endless dungeon crawler with progressively harder enemies and better loot. The combat system is great with many options to defeat your enemies, but be prepared to quicksave/load due to the unforgiving RNG. This game is not for the weak as you will get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked many many many times. Veterans of AoD will understand. Great game and definitely worth the low price!The tutorial is lacking so you will have to figure out a lot of the mechanics on your own. This is not Dragon Age or Baulders Gate or Neverwinter, this game is hardcore throughout."
76561197988464092,Recommended,531930,27735122,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,unguided,"13 hours in and no rats, which is a real slap in the face of tradition for a so called 'real' RPG.10/10 would engage in hand to ant combat again."
76561198007942335,Recommended,531930,26441993,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,kubics,"...Are you not entertained?Gladiator style fights from the bottom of a prison mine, what's not to like, especially when it's a game set in the world of the Age of Decadence.I am certainly entertained and very happy about this purchase."
76561198262064557,Recommended,531930,26467278,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,tonyburink,"Got killed in my first fight.Yeap, good old Age of Decadence, just the way I like it."
76561198005667708,Recommended,531930,26423548,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Hesmah,"Edited after finishing the game.I have to say that I loved it. 50 fights might sound a bit short, but they are challenging enough that especially on your first playthrough you'll probably need to try them a few times. Even more so if you play on hard!My playtime includes 2 restarts, until I found the character I like. So there was some replaying at least in my part, but I definitely feel like no hour was wasted. So I got 30 hours of very good enterntainment for just 8 euros. There's few games that can beat that.The combat system fits a group based game very well. It might take some time to get a hang of it, especially with how different criticals are from the flat % that most games use.I used a sword, and there were a lot of strategy just to what kind of attacks and which swords I used. In the end I wielded a 2 handed scimitar, with a shorter sword in easily accessed belt pouch. I used both weapons and different attacks almost every fight.So you won't be just using same tactics every fight, you might get frustrated at times, but it's so rewarding once you finish the harder ones."
76561198026887067,Recommended,531930,34836619,Posted: 9 September,all,Nikephoros,"Very good game.Difficult, well structured and rewarding - while never taking itself too seriously.Its apparently simple structure hides a surprisingly complex game.It helps immensely to know the system, setting and lore of Age of Decadence (another brilliant game by the same studio), but this tactical rpg can be perfectly enjoyed on its own.10/10 would be crushed to death by giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥worm again."
,Recommended,531930,34508741,Posted: 26 August,all,Trash Wizard,"Super fun, complex, and difficult.  The default difficulty setting is the most difficult difficulty setting, and I do not recommend playing that your first time.  Start on one of the two easier difficulty settings."
76561197979260961,Recommended,531930,26639145,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Ludeman,Game is frustrating and I cant stop playing it.If you do not like to reload and make different builds then this game is not for you.I say look at game play vids so you know what you are getting.  It will kick your butt a lot so if you get frustrated easy it's not for you.$9 bucks Its totaly worth it!
76561197972146102,Recommended,531930,28754182,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mr E,"A 'reasonable value' rpg with ok turn based combat, not much plot but its there. I found the game fun enough for a little while but there are some serious interface flaws. It is 'old school' enough to have no maps or quest markers, which I count as an interface flaw. In combat you can attack diagonally sometimes but not all the time."
76561198006575949,Recommended,531930,26469841,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Plato,"I first played Age of Decadence when it was just a combat demo, so this game was an automatic purchase for me. In some ways, Dungeon Rats is a bit like that old demo: it's a very linear game that consists almost solely of combat. However, it's a lot longer, the game engine is more complex, and more thought has gone into the battle scenarios.If you're a fan of Age of Decadence or tactical games, get it. Dungeon Rats adds party mechanics, more items, and it has a story that references AoD. It's also as brutal as AoD, too, so my advice is to start with a combat-focused character. The game will take you about 25 hours to complete, but keep in mind that it does not have the replayability of AoD. It's straight-forward combat.Anyway, go buy it, you won't be disappointed. You might be sore after getting killed for the hundredth time, though."
76561198018756376,Recommended,531930,26467635,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,lor0001,"Wow. Great game with incredible combat mechanics. I don't tend to enjoy story light dungeon crawlers, and likely wouldn't have picked this up if it hadn't been developed by this team. No walls of text here, just enough story to provide some linear direction.Where this game shines is it's combat mechanics. The devs spent a lot of time building a rich combat system into AoD. They've done a great job updating those mechancis a tiny bit. Who knew tactical hack n slash could be fun again?"
76561198017188773,Recommended,531930,26425185,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Robineus,"It is rather easy to spot the people who've never played Age of Decadence writing a review, fortunately there are not many, yes the combat would be very hard if you picked murderous psycopath setting but in all fairness it did warn you. There are some great extensive reviews on here so I won't add to those but I would suggest to all those new to this game to pick up and play the earlier game AoD the combat system is actually incredibly indepth (sometimes frustrating) but it makes sense once you understand it."
,Recommended,531930,35202377,Posted: 25 September,all,KaneBlackHand,"What other reviews will not tell you:- This is FAR from a casual game, despite what the graphics and price tag might lead you to believe.- You will need to start on lowest difficulty (The game offers the hardest by default) and it will still be challenging unless you get fortunate enough to build a good char from the start.- You might need to restart because your build was unplayable. Again, this game is quite punishing.- You will likely need to find and read that guide onrpgcodex.net, because the game doesn't have a good enough tutorial and even the help section is lacking.- Game does a poor job of explaining how necessary crafting and alchemy are. It's quite difficult to balance your build to account for that.- A lot of metagaming is required, heck I didn't even know there was more than 1 ending, and you need high Charisma for the others.I will still recommend this, but you need to know what you're getting yourself into before you buy it.This game can be very frustrating and punishing at times."
76561198036874457,Recommended,531930,29641238,Posted: 1 February,all,gbigdan,"FANTASTIC GAME! It is very hard even on the easiest mode depending upon your choices. If this happens do a quick google search for console cheats before giving up on it. It is worth the time to play. I would also recommend using food as your method of healing and do that as little as possible. You will need potions later on so keep throwing points into one of your henchman's alchemy. I did not find the crafting skill too useful and I did not find missile weapons such as bows and crossbows too useful either. Spears are nifty for henchman that can't take too much pounding. Regardless, the story is unique while still being linear I did not find it dull or forceful. I enjoyed this production so much that I bought ""Age of Decadence"" to continue the binging and I hope they keep using this game engine and format. Once again, the indie's beat the big boys at ther own games..."
76561197973064382,Recommended,531930,26698837,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Ember,Age of Decadence but mostly the combat.  If you enjoy that you will enjoy this game
76561198050237079,Recommended,531930,26517106,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Alexaro-Senpai,"This game would have been a great dungeon crawler if not for one thing: the game is WAY and I mean WAAAAAAAAAAY too random. If you play on anything but normal forget about dodge, because whatever level it is enemies WILL hit you at least 3-4 times and without a shield that's enough to kill anyone who doesn't have 60 hp. And also forget about aimed attacks. They are COMPLETELY useless unless you are lucky enough to land a 40% chance to hit knockdown first or have a billion black powder bombs\nets. And even then 70-97 percent chances are basically 40-50 so consider that as well.I really wanted to like this game, but this is just ridiculous. The devs need to adjust the randomness, because currently any dodge based build is required to savescum 3-4 times EVERY fight.But, but, but... if you like the random nature of the game and like dungeon crawlers then this game is perfect, so I can still recommend it."
,Recommended,531930,26471306,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Hidden Inside,"I have some issues regarding ultra early game (before you reach 1st forge) i think its highly imbalanced to favor 1h/shield builds, putting nail in the coffin of all archery builds, decimating 2h dodgers. Other then that - if you liked AoD for its combat - you'll love this! Its challenging, encounters are hard as ♥♥♥♥ on psycho level in solo.If you enjoy tactical games OR want to support our based lads @ irontower, do get the game you wont regret it.However, in the case you liked AoD mostly for the story, the quests, politics much more then combat or you like real rpgs, - this is not the game.Overall price/satisfaction i'd give it 9/10 (the 10 will be given when the imbalance is fixed); as a standalone 'all glasses off' it would only be a 5 tho. (its an ok tactical game but nothing spectacular: not in visual, not in design or novelty)Cant wait for the ship RPG. Godspeed, Vince, Nick, Ivan and Oscar! You guys rock!"
76561197974834618,Recommended,531930,26686999,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Toorey,Very nice if you like turn-based combats. Dark Soul difficulty with isometric view. Positioning during combats & crafting is the key to success. Higly recommended.
76561198159133115,Recommended,531930,26647606,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,kirill-busido,"Great game, smooth combat, great character generation system, all fun."
76561197960777164,Recommended,531930,28615872,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Cruizer,vry fun for the price!!!
76561198039603749,Recommended,531930,34485974,Posted: 25 August,all,moeros,Like
76561198032591119,Recommended,531930,26457176,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Shadenuat,"From 10 to 20, depending on your skill and patience, extra hours of AoD combat. People who never got enough of it, praise RNG, because now you can have Age of Decadence with a party based combat, and it would surprise you how fresh it feels when you control multiple characters and rely more on weapons and abilities than simply overleveling your enemies like it was in the original game. The Party allowed developers to turn into complete madmen as they throw you from one brutal fight into another with a limited amount of supplies, and occasionally you wonder if it would be better to sacrifice one of your companions to beat and exit the crazy meatgrinder than try and leave combat without casualties, just to end the pain.To be fair though, veterans of AoD probably won't be surprised too much by the difficulty, since we already fought entire armies solo, but people who enjoyed the roleplaying part of AoD more just might get stonewalled at the first few major encounters. The promised ~50 hand made encounters also could be cut to about 25-30, since some time during making of the game developers got nostalgic for Fallout 2 and added about the amount of fights with ants, scorpions, bigger scorpions, then even bigger renamed scorpions and plants (you can imagine them being advertisement-type to get at least a modicum of satisfaction from whacking those). While human enemies use the whole arsenal of tricks and weapons avaible to you, these mostly serve to chip on your resources, being strong, with one uber (usually poisonous) attack and lots of hit points. But game offers plenty of healing consumables (having high Alchemy greatly helps with that), to the point that most monsters just drop healing items after defeat, so one might just wonder why these fights exist in the game at all.At times game would surprise you with stat and skill checks. For example, my character was weak in combat, but had high Perception and Charisma, which allowed to get 3 companions and a lot of extra stuff. So the choice between rolling a combat machine or a 10 Intelligence 10 Charisma back row leader with huge shield is yours, and they are all viable.However, if you enjoyed AoD for entirely different things it did right - mainly roleplay, non-combat content, dialogue, tough choices and variability, this is definitely not a game in that tradition. The setting and level design are nothing but decorations - there is not a glimpse of life in it, as almost completely linear tunnels get you from mines to fields of killer plants, to shafts and camps, and obligatory ancient temple of Doom with little (or rather, scanty) explanation how the hell all that works as a mining facility. In the beginning there is a light feeling of survival as you scrap weapons and armor from junk and various parts teared off from angry fauna, but that slice of the game is quickly left at the bottom levels, as familiar iron-steel-bluesteel advancement takes place. I think developers could have done a lot more with it and avoid old items and item progression in favor of more low key stuff, giving game lots more of trashbin hobo charm.Dialogue is hastily written - some characters just bark a few sentences before trying to stick a sharp piece of metal in your head, with a sudden very AoD'y infodump or two. No text quests or puzzles to break the pacing of slaughtering your way to the exit. There aren't even ending slides for your companions, which I think would be easy to do and add more to achieve, although the fact that game actually has multiple endings deserves praise.Much of meaning in AoD combat actually came from it's other parts - what followed before it, the preparation, and the aftermath. The wonder if you were even supposed to win the fight, or was punished for making the wrong choice. So that part of actual combat charm was lost in transition to a dungeon crawler.But, the price tag for what is left is more than fair, and it's hard to say how high it would go up, and how much time would it take to turn linear set of combat encounters into a more of an RPG. So I guess: Good For What It Is. It's still fun to play (in short sessions) and a way to support Iron Tower while they're making their new Full Scale RPG (TM)."
76561197994123605,Recommended,531930,30338984,Posted: 5 March,all,🌌Draugkir🌌,Nice TB party game.Having fun so far.
76561198055405155,Recommended,531930,26468741,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dude,Fun and strategic dungeon crawl. Very challenging game.
76561197963973496,Recommended,531930,26426210,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,[GA] Doops,These Devs are the real deal. Go check out their other title as well; Age of Decadence.http://store.steampowered.com/app/230070/
76561198167667963,Recommended,531930,26463233,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Clemency,"Oustanding little dungeon crawler.   Great music, good atmosphere, good character building, excellent tactical combat. So far zero pesky puzzles.Graphics are only budget standard,  UI lacks a little polish,  controls take a little getting used to and Im seeing the occaisonal camera glitch. The writing's generally very good but the quality is a little inconsistent, especially some of the lines that get spoken in combat.  Maybe a little bit too hard.  Despite these flaws,  might be the best dungeon crawler I've ever played."
76561198012112054,Recommended,531930,26475577,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,4 WEEKS IN KRANJI FEELSGOOD,"I can't apply whetstone to my fully upgraded steel Khanjar  (masterwork, hardened edge, balanced, serrated edge), equipped with a fully upgraded buckler. Tried applying it when it is on the main hand and offhand, neither works. Applying it in the inventory > equipping it also does not work; when I exit the inventory screen, the modifier is gone and the whetstone is rerolled (not spent).On another note, good game"
76561197994646687,Recommended,531930,31073311,Posted: 10 April,all,Vic,The game is rough around the edges but if you like an interesting world or enjoyed AOD its worth a look. The tactical combat also puts the new xcom games to shame.
,Recommended,531930,26430631,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,srazvan,"I you loved Age of Decadence, you will surely enjoy this one."
76561198030793300,Recommended,531930,26438783,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Bazy,"Does the things a good RPG should do, with none of the things that it shouldn't.Challenging, but like the games says, you are given a variety of tools to overcome.More please."
,Recommended,531930,26440512,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[COAL] Ceejee,"If you enjoyed the unforgiving combat of Age of Decadence, you'll really like this.If you like difficult, turn based isometric games, you'll really like this.Thin plot, and no magic - but that's the point."
76561198000938806,Not Recommended,531930,35191563,Posted: 24 September,all,RedSlave,"I like hard games, and this game just bends you over and rapes you raw.  If you didn't play the first game, you'll have no idea what you're going into, will end up around 6 hours in, and find out your only option to progress is to cheat or restart.  Game is overly reliant on RNGesus.Cult following (including devs) is ridiculously toxic.@Vince - I have already uninstalled - so I can't post a SS unfortunately.  I had been set up with 6s and an 8 in Int and Cha with pretty much all of my points in Spear and Dodge with a few in block/crafting; (forgive me for not remembering my party member's names, they barely said anything in the game.  The Hammer guy from the beginning, the Crossbowman you can convince to trade sides, and the half-blind Legionnaire guy).  I played on the standard AoD difficulty - it warns you that you'll die alot, but I can't say that I take that sort of thing at face value - as a sort of random comparison, I tend to succeed fairly ably at things like XCOM2's Impossible/Ironman modes without needing to resort to savescumming.  This game seemed a large engagement in frustration, with very very low chances to succeed at even basic manuevers.My progress was halted at the fight with Reinard.  There are 2-3 battles immediately before that grant little to zero healing afterwards, and I was generally just screwed over by bad luck with crits / ability damage that I was unable to recover from.  The thing was, I had been completely able to handle the fights leading up to them without an overmuch difficulty - the scorpions in the caves gave me minor trouble, but I got past them in 2-3 tries. Reinard and the preceding encounters basically wiped the floor with me - triple archers in one fight, guys with (apparently) auto-criting/very highly accurate bombs that deal immense damage, and pretty much always being forced to assail the enemy's position meant bad things.The inventory system / lack of complete tooltips also drove me completely mad, but that's another topic all together."
,Recommended,531930,26730529,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,(•‿•) ßärräcüdä,'Tis good gaem I recommend
76561198046074042,Recommended,531930,26426627,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Praetor Americanus,It's... painfully good.
76561198058187868,Recommended,531930,26427219,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Ezachiel,"Amazing game, totaly love it!! :)....If u like turned based,rpg games with fun crafting system u will like it too, dont hesitate and buy it!! :)"
76561197995185189,Recommended,531930,30235511,Posted: 27 February,all,Dagoth Jo,100/10 Dead legionaires
76561198026892903,Not Recommended,531930,30431447,Posted: 10 March,all,Bijat,"AoD is a good game.This is simply the combat part with maby a total of 2 a4 with text.Theres nothing new that spice anything up from AoD combat.No new weapons exept rocks? but yea....a few mostly pointless creature armors (the leather armor was pritty equal all the way to the creature armor)Have a crafter at 5+ ATLEAST (better with enuff for blue steel) and even better with 10...or you will have to replace evrything all the time becuse you cant repair armor properly and the mats you gain from dismantling is rly low...so also GL with throwing only dude...1 archer/Xbowman will be hard enuff to have enuff arrows forDont try ""respec"" your companions....if they got axe let them continue that path (maby you can respec the first companion) but otherwise theres to little xp around tryed respec the ax user to dagger (he have high crit) but he never got attack high enuff to be able to reliable hit something...got the first companion to 10/10 firstly in the last fightwith 10int i was able to get 2 skills to 10 and one to 9 with 15 points over (at last fight)..no idea if u get less xp on easy?was not able to find a place to craft items with the last tier metal (if i remember correctly i found daggers and sword mainly made of that metal if u wonder)alchemy is powerfull but becuse you can only craft so little (think about 15-20 fire bombs, 5-10 black powder bombs etc) its not that usefull for the majority of the game (becuse you want to save that for the hard fights)btw having high int is not rly worth it if u ask me..if your not going like crit dagger maby...going 1 point is good for most builds but higher then that is to big investment, u prob get more from  perception (will mainly use the spair points in other skills for synergy)This woud be a nice addon for the main game but dont rly deserve to be a seperate game....tl:drif u REALLY like AoD combat and bored of that game this might be intresting (like me) but u will prob get bored of this rather fast"
76561198030681948,Not Recommended,531930,29712537,Posted: 4 February,all,david3907,"Being a massive fan of Age of Decandence I was really hoping this was going to be a good game but to be honest I am disappointed, No character choices no interactions all there is, is fighting which qucikly becomes repetative. You are always outgunned never have enough resources to heal so frankly disappointing.Plus for it is the game is cheap so can forgive it being one dimensional. Can see no replay value whats so ever.I'll give it a 6/10"
76561198207333060,Recommended,531930,26441543,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,l-2732,Nice and pretty hardcore game
76561198007309098,Not Recommended,531930,29121928,Posted: 8 January,all,ampoliros,"This game goes from way too easy in one difficulty setting to way too hard in the next.  Despite the designer's attestation that they did not disign this game to require min/maxing your characters it is exactly a min/max type of game.Also, I've reached a combat after securing the River Base with a centipede and 3 plants where the game has a bug where my characters cannot end their turn, thus I cannot advance in the game."
,Recommended,531930,30164594,Posted: 25 February,all,SajBear,I love it!
76561197993664749,Recommended,531930,32758282,Posted: 24 June,all,Hadephobiac,Great game
,Recommended,531930,32329401,Posted: 10 June,all,vitalik1700,"Only Iron Tower could make a game so ideally balanced, that you can drastically change it's difficulty by modifying only one parameter (To-Hit chance). Overall it's best combat-only RPG, and the best game i ever played in my life.And, like in Age of Decadence, the thing which really amuses me is the fact, how easily can you break this ideal balance and make game a piece of cake."
76561198008574340,Recommended,531930,29833372,Posted: 10 February,all,exp3rt,7/10
,Recommended,531930,26470059,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,biggest cuckold in australia,yep
,Not Recommended,531930,33116631,Posted: 1 July,all,Adam,"Age of Decadence is a great game, but I just couldn't get into Dungeon Rats. There's almost no story, just fighting, and it's nowhere near as fun as I hoped it'd be."
,Recommended,531930,26456721,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,GHOST NUTS,this game slams
76561198037922240,Not Recommended,531930,26467271,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,peacock.colin.stone,"This game requires very specific strategies for winning. Lots of reloads, micro-management of tactical turn based combat. Obviously this is fun for some people but for anyone not wanting a hardcore tatical RPG it's not a lot of fun. Not a lot of options when replaying to do things differently either."
76561197982196124,Recommended,531930,28714222,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Rhod,I recommend this game for everybody who is into yatzi.pros:-if you like dices and rng based games you will enjoy it.cons:-Yatzi is actually more fair and has a better camera angle.
76561198013700823,Not Recommended,531930,29453945,Posted: 23 January,all,Scalpel,Wow.  This game is impossibly hard.  If you enjoy fighting the same battle 15 times to finally get lucky and win....this is the game for you.  It's so boring.  Don't bother.  Regret this purchase
,Not Recommended,531930,26518113,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Elmiel,"kind of too difficult to play as solo, try playing as a team.. it might be easier to understand the basics...camera control is bad, player control is bad.."
,Not Recommended,531930,26451741,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Philippe,"Dungeon rats got the potential to be a great RPG, however, its lack of polish (especially the combat) ruined that for me."
76561198316057229,Not Recommended,531930,28355193,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,GeneralGrenadier,Combat interface was not intuitive.  Camera motion eratic.  Tutorial had gaps.  Did not enjoy my brief time with this game.
,Not Recommended,531930,30824111,Posted: 29 March,all,Pieter,"Get into battle, killed by RNG, reload, killed by RNG, reload again, win by RNG.Gets old pretty fast."
76561197998488460,Not Recommended,531930,26538362,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,must.dissent,"Might be good, didn't get to play it. Mouse jumps to the edge of the screen if you move the cursor slightly. Almost impossible to get to the menus (but I did manage it), didn't find any options that might fix the problem, refund."
76561197993304803,Not Recommended,531930,34510394,Posted: 26 August,all,mrc55,pice of junk game
76561198016291424,Not Recommended,531930,34244278,Posted: 14 August,all,Liquid_Disease,Booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooring.  Omg.
76561198105682913,Not Recommended,531930,28963599,Posted: 2 January,all,Crash And Burn,"No. Just No.Same Engine as their other game, which I had been looking forward to for quite some time (Refunded both of them).These Indie Dev's need to stop making such utter dreck. Hire a f'n artist already.Model Animations look like someone took Hang-man stick-figures with no knees nor elbows.The woman model looks like the male model. Hire a ♥♥♥♥ing artist.The writing. Garbage Garbage Garbage. Inquisitor has better writing than both of this Dev's games. Inquisitor has better animations FFS!  And that is one of the worst things about that game.*Inquisitor by CINEMAX, s.r.o."
,Not Recommended,531930,26417737,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,ksof,"Made arbalist, got stabbed in the faceMade swordsman, got stabbed in the faceMade axeman, got stabbed in the faceListen, I've played plenty of hardcore rpgs and not; beat every one of them; I've never run from a challenge and always playing on the highest difficulty, but this game is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.There is no better word for it, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.How come that I am, the mighty hero, the dragonslayer, getting eaten by a ♥♥♥♥ing ant over and over again????How come an experienced man that lived underground for years and who is strong enough to smash three people at a time with his sledgehammer can't kill A ♥♥♥♥ING ANT????This game is absolutely irrational and I'm not even one of those people who hate on a phantasy game/movie for being alogical.Do not recomment to play this game, it sucks balls."
