user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198004337748,Recommended,533480,31264203,Posted: 20 April,all,Franky,"The ultimate harry potter/wizard school simulator.I got this game years ago on..what was it called back then..Impulse? Back in those days this game was the ultimate hidden gem, heck even updating and getting the free dlcs required you to go hunt them on the dev's forums, and those files would end up missing after a few months, it was all quite ghetto compared to what we expect today with automatic updates.Anyways, enough making it clear I've played this game tons back in the day. The game itself is basically a life simulator where after you make a detailed backstory for your student, you embark on a year in mage school, choosing your activites each day and reacting to random events and ongoing storylines. Whilst classes will take up your bulk of the time during your week, there is plenty of time to get up to your own mischief. Or have mischief find you, as the case may be.The magic system is based on combining phemes (think of them as what phonemes are to speech) and is as complex as you'd expect from a game about learning magic. There is enough variety in the schools to be just about any kind of magician you'd like. And yes, there's some forbidden/dark schools of magic that you can learn clandestinely at the risk of great punishment if you're ever openly caught practicing it.If you can get beyond the utter and total lack of fancy visuals and graphics and are ok with reading lots and lots of text, you'll find an amazing narrative game where any 2 playthroughs will be drastically different, and the scope of what you are able to do within the game's context is wonderfully varied.It's worth noting that last I heard, this game was supposed to be part of a series of 5 games, each covering a year, with your save carrying over consecutive games until you complete wizard school.BUT, many years later and only now is the game being released on steam and do I hear the 2nd game is close to completion. As such I would advise against expecting the full series, and view this game as a stand alone title.I'd like to think that the game finally being out on steam and getting some exposure will give the devs the recognition (and success!) their efforts deserve, which will allow them to finish the series by ensuring their own survival (seriously i was worried for the devs at times, they tried their hand at kickstarter with some awesome game concepts but were always ignored by the mass public, shame none of those kickstarter millions were kicked their way really, they super needed it). I mean for crying out loud, these devs were giving big free expansions even though their game is niche as hell, I can't give any better example then that of truly caring for their product and their (way too few) customers.In conclusion, super niche game with amazing depth, lots of TLDR so avoid if visual representations of your actions and story matters to you a lot, buy if you don't mind reading and love roleplaying and life sims. Also whilst I'm used to the UI by now, it is definitly clunky, so pay close attention to the steam store pics and keep in mind that's what you'll be dealing with for most of the game inbetween the CYOA portions."
,Recommended,533480,31346891,Posted: 24 April,all,vdalson,"The mixed reception for this game is very warranted. I've played this game on and off for years, before it came out on Steam. It is extremely niche. Even people who love the theme or magical school setting can be turned off by the gameplay. It is very text heavy, so stay away if you're not into that. I feel like this game resonantes well with people who are a fan of old pen and paper RPGs. That being said, if you're a person who enjoys time management simulators like Long Live the Queen, or even Persona to an extent, you might find some enjoyment in this.I do agree that the game has a very steep leanring curve, though it is not unmanageable. Don't get too attached to your first character, you'll probably end up abandoning them for another playthrough if you enjoyed the game. I think it wasn't until my third playthrough that I fully understood the deeper concepts and mechanics of the game, as well as how to manage your time most efficiently. That does lead to my next point though. If you enjoyed the game, then it has a very high replay value. With the hundreds of skills available (personally I think some are a tad bit superfluous) and magical foci, it is easy to craft new character builds easily. Coupled with the random events and adventures limited to character background or school, and you're left with very fresh playthroughs each run.I personally recommend it, as this game manages to fulfill my love for character creation, time management, worldbuilding, and text RPG style. But I also do not fault the people who give it a try and decide that it not their thing. But in the end, I think that if any of this review piqued your interest in some way, that it would be a crime to not try and play it for a bit. Who knows, you might find yourself falling in love with it like I did."
,Recommended,533480,32321609,Posted: 10 June,all,Xander Raidon,"You like text-based games? No (this game is not for you) / Yes (proceed)You like Harry Potter or Magic in general? No (again, not for you) / YES (who doesn't love Magic honestly?)You like Character Building Games or RPGs? No (are you even human?) / YES!!!If you answered ""Yes"" to all, then this game is ABSOLUTELY for you! Yes, it is time-consuming, but it's a very addicting and relaxing game, build upon the ideas of utopian magic school life. The choices are plentiful and the story is humonguous.Huge downside is, it might feel hard to take in all the game mechanics if you're a new player, and the tutorial (or lack of it) gives this game a Trial & Error feel to it.Personal Rating: 9.5/10. (could do with more Pictures)"
76561198037915704,Recommended,533480,31326793,Posted: 23 April,all,Cuddles Kill,"I bought this game years ago through a now defunct service that I long since lost the ability to re-download, and missed it dearly. I was so excited to see it come to Steam and play it again. It's one of my favorite games I've ever accidentally tripped on, and I'd love to enthusiastically endorse it whole-heartedly.I can't do that however, because it's an extremely niche experience.  It takes a certain sort of gamer to get into Academagia, and if you're not that type (I suspect most people aren't), you won't enjoy this game. If you are, however, you'll likely love it to tears.Academagia places you in the shoes of a middle school aged child whom has just arrived for the first day of class in a strange large city at a school where not only do children learn grammar and arithmitic, but also learn the finer arts of magic. In fact, there's a staggering amount of things to learn about in this school. You couldn't possibly learn even a substantial fraction of them, which will drive perfectionists crazy. The flip side of this is that it encourages near endless replayability. On one playthrough (depending on how quickly you read, this can take 5 - 10 hours) you can make a spellcasting genius, a math wiz, a student athlete, and perhaps the next time a kid more interested in popularity than academics. Embrace this diversity and you will find yourself roleplaying a character that you'll come to get really attached to and will even feel the personality of the individual you've created. If you instead treat the game as an excercise in efficiency, and maximizing skills with the intention of domination and winning (one does not win or lose Academagia, they experience the Academagia) you'll instead find this a rather dull and empty time sink.Thus the over arching point is, to be enjoyed, Academagia requires imagination. It's entirely text based. There are more than enough descriptions of the myriad of locations, the cast of characters, and the magical skills that compose the world, but in the end it's left to the player to imagine themselves navigating this setting through the eyes of an adolescent. The tutorial is not comprehensive nor very helpful in helping the player understand the finer points of how the game works, and it's a very valid criticism that it ought to be. But approach this design flaw from the perspective of a young child in a strange new place who doesn't know much about the world but that which they discover through trial and error, and suddenly I find this design flaw actually helps immerse me in my character and adds to the feeling of wonder when I do work something out for myself.Gameplay revolves around using the skills you learn to navigate both random events that occour during the course of a normal week at school, and embarking on scripted adventures. Success and failure is dependent on being skilled in the right skill at the right time. Because any one character can only master a small number of the many learnable skills, you'll tend to fail more often than not. And more frustrating still, there's no way of knowing what skill will help you when until it's too late to do much about it. Approached from the eyes of a thirteen year old just starting out in life, this makes plenty of sense. Who amongst us doesn't remember those years largely for the embarassing moments spawned from childhood naievity? Approached from the eyes of a gamer who wants to win, and instead it's just a string of frustrating failures that will make you want to rage quit and play something else. Again, Academagia isn't about success or failure. It's about experiencing, regardless of oucome.My only major gripe is that the game feels too short. The year ends right about the time you're really getting to feel the character you've created, and really begun to explore thier strengths. The deep spellcasting and social aspects to the game never quite come into thier own because there simply isn't enough time to get too deeply into anything. There seems to be a master plan involving the eventual release of a second year to continue the adventure. That would be beyond awesome if it ever happens, but considering the game is seven years old at this point, buyers should assume that what exists now is probably all they'll get. It's still worth it as is.Thus if you're an imaginitive individual who truly loves to roleplay a character, for better or worse (often worse) in a strange new, but detailed, world, Academagia is a steal. If you just like playing games where you train a character to have all the highest numbers in all the best skills, there are better choices. Personally, I find it immersive like no other game, and it's one of my favorites."
76561198003325820,Recommended,533480,31261162,Posted: 20 April,all,bloodking0,"I bought this game years ago on another platform, hence the low playtime.Much much better Student Wizard game then any 'Arry Potter licensed game. Somewhere between life-sim (complete with time management) and text RPG. You have a spectacular number of skills to improve and use in a rather surprising number  of adventures, as well as a few of which you will have as your character's school subjects so you need to study them in order to pass your tests. It covers the first year of a student of the Imperial Mage's academy in a deep fantasy world. You start school and it's feeling is similar to Harry Potter tbh, only there is a hell of a lot more going on.You can play through the game, as I said it only covers your first year of school, without going on a single adventure and even then it's a great game because you still have plenty to do. Managing your time between practice, study and rest, and then you have your fellow students of whom you might wish to befriend and by doing so gaining various advantages i.e you can have them help you practice in skills they are good at, or opening up locations you have not discovered. Ah yes, there are a ton of locations in this game where you can do all sorts of actions I.e. you have to find the athletic grounds if you have not taken athletics as a subject, and once discovered through the Scouting action you can go there and choose between three actions which are more effecient then simply using the Practice Athletics action in your room. And this is the most mundane location I can think of.The Music and the Art is great too.This game is probably my favourite unknown game, a lot more people should play it."
76561198048693090,Not Recommended,533480,34113157,Posted: 8 August,all,brettwjohnson,"I was very excited to try this game, however I got 30 seconds into character creation and regretted the purchase.The text is TINY and virtually unreadable, even selecting a lower resolution monitor setting to make things bigger.  If your vision is 20/10 or better, you probably don't mind...There is also no apparent way to access settings (ESC key is fairly standard) from the character creation menu.HINT TO DEVELOPERS - lots of older gamers buy games, but our eyes (and reflexes) aren't what they were 20 years ago.  We need the ability to select larger text!!!"
76561198017423391,Recommended,533480,31291845,Posted: 22 April,all,FriendsDavid,"I already purchased Academagia way back when and have put easily 200 hours into it since then, perhaps even more.This is a game where you need to know what it wants to be, before going into it. It is whimsical, it is extremely text-intensive and stat-focused, and it really takes some time to get into it. But if you get into Academagia, you definitely don't want to get out anymore.The character creation is a world on its own. You define the character's attributes, background, inheritance and much more, which in turn defines attributes, skills, money, and a lot of other stuff. Even more, you can also choose one of several school houses and a part of the subjects you want to study, from athletics to zoology and everything in between, like incantation or calligraphy.After that you arrive at the school and can start to plan your schedule on a calendar, both your social and study life. The more you learn and the more time you spend on the school, the more activities and locations open up, always adding new possibilities to learn stuff, influence people, cast spells, and so on.Besides skills, getting better in subjects, and making friends, random events and adventures are the heart of the game. The writing is top-notch, though the skill rolls can be pretty unforgiving, especially for newcomers to the game. But failing is learning in this case, and even then the writing is entertaining.Besides this being a text adventure with RPG elements and the initially steep learning curve, it has to be added that this is only year 1 from several school years that are planned to be released in the future. The end therefore is rather abrupt, but still Academagia Year 1 can hold its own very well.I've had a lovely time with it and can only recommend it if theme, screenshots and the game mechanics are to your liking."
76561198006795437,Recommended,533480,31288591,Posted: 21 April,all,snvhill,"A great game that's NOT for everyone.  First thing to note, I've owned this game for nearly seven years now and rebought on steam to A) support the company and B) make sure I can keep it and it's fully up to date since I originally bought it on a  now defunct player.  So, quel surprise, I'm obviously a fan.  However before you buy it here are some necassary warnings.WALL OF TEXT INCOMING.  No, that's not  a warning about my review, that's a warning about the game.  To put it mildly this game is full of heavy reading.  Oftentimes it's quite good and fun reading (watch out for the Sad Eyed Hamster of Doom) but if that's not your cup of tea this is not your game.  Second warning, there isn't much of a tutorial.  Now in fairness to the game this is both thematic and a little more fair then you might think since there are actually some pretty useful rewards for failure.  (Seriously, you learn about new skills and after a number of failures you get an improvement to your mental and physical health, along with a few rarer possibilities).  However it is also more then a little fustrating to new players and I don't blame anyone that bows out before the two hour mark based on that.  Third warning, ontop of all that some game mechanics ARE really difficult or obscure, none of the main or necassary ones but if you're wondering about crafting or dueling I don't blame you.  And fourth and final warning, the interface is... a little unintuitive.  It's not too bad, honestly my biggest complaint is I'm using a noticably smaller screen then most people and that makes the font size a little inconvienent for me but I'm not going to compliment it either.Now, keep in mind this is a game I'm playing seven years after I originally purchased it.  So, yeah, these problems really don't worry me much.  And if they don't worry you then you NEED to get this game.  You play as a new student in a almost steampunk fantasy world not-Hogwarts.  You will have tremendous vareity and reaplayability.  Yes, this is a wizardry school but one playthrough I had an interesting time playing as a scientist, trying to get the non magic disciplines while studying things like math and engineering... yes that was actually INTERESTING trying to make a SCIENCE GEEK.   You can try to be a master mage, the school bully, control your fellow students with forbidden magic... there's a lot of choices here and still things I haven't seen after what's probably closing in on two hundred hours of playtime.There's way too much for me to go into but here's a few good tips I've found before you start.Studying (academic side of your classes) isn't a bad idea for a lot of characters.  Your parents will boost your allowance at study level 10 and many classes will give you a boost to one of your fundamental traits at that level.Train observation (it's under blackmail, not the most intuitive place) it's usually a free action in roughly half the events you'll encounter and succeeding with it will either improve you're chances or give you an alternate course of action.Don't forget to make friends!  If you go on adventures, you can use the higher of your skills or your friends' skills when you the time comes."
76561198031360009,Recommended,533480,31311920,Posted: 22 April,all,mordmorgan,"Have you ever wanted to be Harry Potter??  I sure didn't.  I've never read the books, but I do like to read, and if you want to enjoy this game you had damn well better like to read too.  There is a lot of reading if you want to get the most out of it.  That being said I love choose your own adventure type games. games where I can play through it multiple times and have many varied stories between teh start and finish, and with this game you get tons.  I assume.  It took me about 16 hours of reading (and fiddling to figure out this and that, but it's all there if you read) to finish one playthrough, which is good and bad.  The game is actually part 1 of a planned 4 part series, each being a year at school.  The game came out in 2010 though, and it's taken them 7 years to be almost ready for part 2.  Now the creators didn't slack off at all during those 7 years, but they did get distracted into making 17 dlc's for the original game.  The dlc's are all included in the steam version so no worries there.  Most of the dlc's though were a bit strange in that they made about a dozen or so new classes, instead of making year 2 and just sticking those new courses as year 2 courses.So the developers are very involved so that's great, I expect I'll read through this 2 or 3 more times easily getting my money's worth (I figure $1 paid for every hour played is a good investment).  I also expect that year 2 will be out later this year, so like I said, if you like to read, and you like to replay games and have vastly different stories inbetween, then yes this is a very good investment."
76561198072173308,Recommended,533480,32231132,Posted: 6 June,all,Clamjohn,"A fun, curious, and time consuming choose your own adventure type RPG. Somewhat difficult to get into, but worth it when you spend the time to get to know it. Great replay value, highly detailed, and just an all around fun experience.Hearing talk about the second year DLC finally seeing its release sometime in 2018, and I'm super excited. Here are some things I really hope they'll add/adjust:-More character interaction?If there is one thing I really love about this game, it might be interacting with the characters, and in my mind, the more the better. Assuming they're really only making it a second year, and not adding other improvements in the DLC, I'm not sure how they'd add more to this, apart from new characters and character development. It's a VERY steep task to ask for, but if they could ever add some sort of dialogue system, that would practically be a dream for me.-Maybe adjusting the writing style to fit the realistic target audience?Despite the fact that the ""first year"" characters in the game can be presumed to be in their early teens, I imagine that the age group of the playerbase would fit mostly into the range of late teens - adults, given the style of this game. Now I'm honestly not too sure of what I'm asking for here, but I can't help but feel like the writing is directed at a younger age group, and if that could somehow be adjusted, it would be cool? Maybe? Do I even know what I'm talking about?Anyways, though this game has some flaws, it's DEFINITELY a gem. If you have yet to play it, and you've got some time on your hands, give it a try. Not everyone is guaranteed to like it, but those that will, will probably like it a lot.edit: apparently the second year is going to be a separate game, not a DLC. Whoop."
76561198117151871,Recommended,533480,31422394,Posted: 28 April,all,dolphinigle,"A ""Choose your own adventure"" novel fans' wet dream. Massive, well written, and engrossing.Note that currently the game has notable flaws: The UI is clunky at best, a lot of its features are useless, and the existence of its ""year 2"" sequel is basically Half-Life 3. But once you see past them, the game is simply fun."
76561198056293974,Recommended,533480,31325326,Posted: 23 April,all,Ambrant Arandel,"I have to say up front this game is not for everyone.  If you're a young kid who looks for instant gratification with tutorials and game play that hold your hand like a little baby as you slog through hack and slash scenario after hack and slash scenario that makes your video card groan, then this game is not for you.  If you're one of the old geezers like me that grew up on the old ""choose your own adventure"" books, the RPG games that still used dice and paper, and the all text adventures that first came out when computers were still a novelty, then this game will be enjoyable.  It brings a certain nostalgia for me to play through it that I find quite attractive.  It has a certain absurd realism to it despite the fantasy setting of being dropped into a world you know very little about where you don't know all the rules and you're forced to grope about trying to find your own path much like the real life experience of going to college or boarding school for the first time.  So for the reference of others out there:Things I like about the game:High Replay Value - The events seem to be randomized for the most part except for the ones that are chosen by the player through the adventure interaction.  You can almost see how some of you actions would actually end up being events for the NPC characters you play with.  You'll never play exactly the same game twice.  The depth of the skill and magic system makes this a solid game with staying power.Well Written - I must admit the trailer video in the store section was what at first attracted me to this game.  The impromptu speech by the headmaster was one that made me laugh and I am happy to report the rest of the writing in this game does not dissappoint.  I found it to be a good read.  ""I can guarantee you that you're not going to be the most annoying...  We have astrologers.  We know.""Things I don't like about the game:UI needs work - Not exactly a deal breaker for me, but the user interface could use some more polish.  The complexity and the sheer number of skills makes working through the character notes a bit of a hassle.  While woeking on an adventure I would look back at the skills to see which skill I'd have the highest probablilty of success with and it would take several minutes.  There's a couple different ways to view your skills, but it didn't help much.  I would compare it to the paperwork required to run the old Rolemaster RPG game.  I literally had a stack of books and notes two feet thick to run that monstrosity and this seems to be the electronic equivalent.All these things being said, I'll probably be devoting far too much of my personal life to the pursuit of this game like I normally do as I seek for perfect mastery (if it can be said to exist).  I'm going to probably put together some sort of guide as well.  It'll have to be a bit different from other guides as there isn't just ONE way to play the game.  Chow..."
76561198009097232,Not Recommended,533480,31283825,Posted: 21 April,all,Crystalis,"I *really* want to like this game.  The concept is neat, the amount of choices is STAGGERING when creating your character.  I can really customize a lot and can tell I can try and play through the game dozens upon dozens of different ways as a result.  Unfortunately, the game suffers from a lack of a tutorial and a HUGE learning curve, along with a VERY 'busy' UI (to be polite).   At any given moment in the character creation process, I was uncertain where I should be clicking, and sometimes when I thought I could click something I really just drug that section of the UI to a new position.Then, once I finally got through creating my character, I'm on day 1 at school and getting 'taught' about how to use my calendar.  The initial calendar screen was easy  enough, but then when I started setting up a schedule more pieces of UI would pop up (and also be totally draggable, which would be nice if this was some kind of action game where I wanted to put the UI in places that let me see the action as I preferred it, but for a text game, totally not necessary and just leads to more confusion in my book) that then had a half dozen options each.  I remember one of the screens having these aqua half spheres on the left side of it, with 'check boxes' next to them.  Clicking the check box once would turn them orange.  That's it.  Mousing over both the orange and the aqua sphere, as well as the check box, gave no help.  Clicking the check box again did nothing.  Was I doing something there?  What?  I then saw drop down text boxes next to the general ""explore"" command I had slated for that morning.  It looked like I could pick places I wanted to explore, ok, I get that.  Pick this one and then click..  OH MY GOD, I clicked something in this window but now the story is advancing?!?TLDR: WTF do I click and when/why?"
76561198018293568,Recommended,533480,31369117,Posted: 25 April,all,Deliant,"I adore this game. I've only owned it for a day and a half, and I've already put... somehow... 12 hours into it.It's a bit like a D&D game, a bit like Long Live The Queen (a fantastic but far-too-short experience), a bit like an old-fashioned Choose Your Own Adventure book, with a heavy dose of Harry Potter. It also happens to be exactly what I've been looking for.I've tried to coax other games to be this game, with mods and the like. Being able to study magical school subjects, and have there be some legitimate difficulty.While I'm aware that the game only consists of one year, I'm eagerly awaiting for year two. Black Chicken has done a fantastic job here, and I can only imagine that year two would be even better. This is a game I'm going to be replaying for years."
,Recommended,533480,31369416,Posted: 25 April,all,Alex,"I've owned this game since before it came to Steam but I can only recommend it with reservations. It is best understood as a convoluted short fiction dispenser somewhat akin to Fallen London rather than a traditional game--that is, your skills, relationships and attribute levels are used as flags that determine what short stories your character is then allowed to take part in and how they perform in said encounters. Aside from avoiding expulsion and exam results there are very few external measuring sticks to compare yourself to and thus most goals you set for your character will be of your own creation and for better or worse the game is balanced accordingly. Which, I suppose, could be seen as a polite way of saying it doesn't appear particularly balanced at all--some skills you can use in challenges a lot, while others are rarely seen but may in fact be used behind the scenes to gate access to some adventure or random event you didn't ever see listed in your last play through. The only way to know the difference for sure is through experience or spoilers. Whether you view that sort of exploration is part of the game's charm or a waste of time and cripplingly flaw depends on how you look at it and you must determine yourself where your preferences fall. Otherwise the main draw of the game is the fiction, and while not all of it is high quality--some of the quasi-official community content in particular hit me as pretty amateurish--there is certainly a lot of it and overall I don't regret the purchase."
76561198043850855,Not Recommended,533480,31277918,Posted: 21 April,all,Quick Step,"Insanely difficult game. Very steep learning curve. Tutorial is wall of text with no context that is 30 pages long.Purely text based with no hand holding. Fun once you are past the clunky UI and finished reading like 500+ pages worth of descriptions for skills and action.For a story that takes place in college, the visual and story theme was made to appeal to the younger audience, which can feel off-putting at times.The game's main selling point is the sheer volume of content, which is just amazing! Buy this games if you enjoy reading your games and planning your next move."
76561198045024256,Not Recommended,533480,31557408,Posted: 5 May,all,JaygonBear,"I love simulation games. Love them. And I really tried to love or even like this one, but the UI. Dear God that UI. If you handle a massively clunky UI and this comes on sale, this is a buy.However, if a UI as intuitive and user friendly as steering a car with your feet does not appeal to you, maybe stay away.Hopefully this will get fixed in the future, because it looks like it has a tonne of potential."
76561197978578174,Recommended,533480,31339280,Posted: 24 April,all,the amazing Spooderman,"This is a very unique game, and one I enjoy immensely. I'm the type of gamer that, in MMOs, enjoys crafting, exploring, and lore more than PVP. Dwarf Fortress is one of my favorite all-time games.Academagia has a huge amount of depth and text, an active community, the developers have released 17 DLCs for the game over the years completely for free, and they provide open tools for modding the game.There is not much of a tutorial, and the game can be difficult. You make your own objectives. These are all things that appeal to me as a gamer. On their forums, there is a topic with over 100 pages of questions players have asked the team about lore for the world, with answers from the developers. There is interesting detail and depth throughout the game.I've been playing this game since 2012 - not many other games you can play that long, let alone ones that are majority text. Once I made a character that was purely mediocre, just making his way through the academy. One character spent all his time developing the skills of his familiar. One was obsessed with making money - all training and magic was to push his money-making abilities on the weekend. One character was an archmage in training, mastering every possible discipline and going on wild adventures.Looking forward to more from BCS."
76561198016707912,Recommended,533480,31405334,Posted: 27 April,all,archenemy,"Man what a hidden gem! It is like Harry Potter + Princess Maker 2 + Choose your own adventure.Pluses:- MASSIVE content, and I mean MASSIVE. Hundreds of skills, places to explore, random events, etc.- the content is so MASSIVE it takes another line. Background stories, connections, cast spells, train, learn, exams, etc.Negatives:- UI is a mess. I want to cast a self-buff spell, and I want to add an intelligence bonus to it, now I have to select the intelligence bonus from the 300 or so possible bonuses. Ok it is not a very common stuff, but still.- Sometimes overwritten, I skipped large amounts of text in the random encounters."
,Recommended,533480,31310082,Posted: 22 April,all,monday,"Academagia is a game where you get from it exactly what you put into it. It's less a traditional gamebook and more a sandbox with words. But even armed with a singular goal, you will find yourself greeted with many false starts as you try to discern the rather obtuse mechanics.The game comes with a manual PDF but it only does a good job at describing the UI elements. The UI itself is ""intuitive"" in as far as I found out quite quickly which GUMPs locked you out of interacting with other windows. This can be annoying when specifying which skill you want to train/study as you won't be able to easily double check your larger list in the other window. Also, this game exists only in maximized borderless windowed mode as far as I can tell. All these things were sort of jarring at first but now I never notice it as I'm more focused on getting through my week unscathed.You're not an overpowered god character. You will fail a lot of events no matter what your skills or ability. But you can't afford to be scared of failure as even your feeble attempts to navigate a situation will enlighten your character to new skills that can be trained. Sometimes the best thing to do will be the thing you know you'll have no success doing.You'll go through a great deal of trial and error trying to connect the pieces of what affects what to glean what you need to accomplish what you set out to do. I think a good example of this is the fact Research (action) is gained from Study Habits (subskill) and not Research (skill.) You might find this happens a lot, where descriptions are less useful and more flavor and it can be overwhelming and a little disheartening in a game where the journey is more important than the destination.You're very free to do (or not do) all sorts of things in Academagia but it's double-edged in that you've just as much freedom to mess up in ways you may not even comprehend. I'd recommend this game if the idea of learning to fly by repeatedly hurling yourself off a cliff is appealing to you. Things may be rough in a lot of places but when everything aligns finally and you're in the air, it's really rewarding. Just don't be surprised when you go for a second take-off and you plummet again."
,Recommended,533480,31298554,Posted: 22 April,all,Pupper Stealer,"Academagia is a text adventure that refuses to hold your hand. Don't like reading? Don't get this. Don't like figuring things out on your own? Don't get this. (There is a tutorial in the game. Your mentor that you meet at the beginning is basically your guide to the game. Don't be an idiot and skip this then whine that you have no idea wtf to do.)The game is absolutely jam-packed with content and lore (it comes with 17 free DLCs.) I've played through the game multiple times and each time I discover something new. New skills to train, new actions to take, new people, new adventures, new places on the campus, and new items.Once you understand the UI-which is a bit of a learning curve- you can pretty much do anything you want. It will take some thinking and planning. But you can go adventuring with pirates, study gates to other worlds, skip class and build a clique and bully other people. You can shape your character how ever you want. There's no true way to ""win"" this game.There is some interesting RNG. You will run into situations (lure an escaped gryphon to its cage, a brawl breaks out in the tavern, you find a mysterious door, etc.) or discover new items, places, tasks randomly. It adds quite a bit of life and excitement to the game.The game won't go easy on you either, if you fail at an adventure or situation you'll stress out and/or lose vitality. If it gets bad enough, you could have to skip class due to being sick and end up in detention. Don't worry though, because there are tons of different ways to solve problems as they arise (maybe with your Sleuthing skill, your Flattery skill, your Library Knowledge skill, or even your Birds skill. There's a ton of different skills) The game doesn't force you to play any one way.It's hard not to get lost in the game's world and lore. As someone who loves world-building and lore and freedom to do what ever in a game, Academagia easily ranks as my second favorite game (following closely behind Dwarf Fortress.)If all that stuff doesn't sound appealing to you, don't get this game."
76561198030791860,Recommended,533480,33403940,Posted: 9 July,all,zodac01,"This is a wonderful mostly text based wizadry school game. The sheer amount of options for customizing your character are wonderful as is the number of students, adventures, classes...and while it manages to be as enchanting as Harry Potter, it does have its own mythos that is extremly entertaining. There are indeed a few minor tweeks the interface could use and a few errors that will occur here and there, but honestly, with a project of this scope those will occur. There are rumors of an Academagia II being worked on...with that in production and this as the first game in the series I think the skies the limit for this series."
76561197994581058,Recommended,533480,31313235,Posted: 22 April,all,GenericName,"It's a text based game in which you play a child learning magic at a prestigious school, ya, sounds like harry potter.  The game has a massive amount of skills to choose from and a lot of quests you can follow.  As long as you don't mind text games, it's well built and has a massive amount of content.  It will take many playthroughs to really get a grasp of all that is here.  That said, it can be a bit daunting and going without checking the online wiki for help will just net you irritation.  Wish the overlay gave more details when you dragged your mouse over things and that the tutorial covered a couple more things, but you can get by with a bit of patience.  All in all its a good game that would really shine with a bit more spit and polish."
76561198085117465,Recommended,533480,31306313,Posted: 22 April,all,ronikai,"Before reading this review here is some prominent information: The wiki about this game is incomplete and a bit everywhere with its information. If you need help playing, want more information, or just need help playing as a new player please come to the Academagia forums! We're not all bullies that want to Master you into buying this game. Well... At least everyone else isn't >={3 Here is the link to the forums, please come by!http://academagia.invisionzone.com/index.php?showforum=3If you like visual novels and dating games with pretty graphics and pretty people, this is not for you. If reading tires you out or you find it boring, then begone! This game is purely text based. This is a virtual ""choose your own adventure"" about a preteen going to a school of magic. The game is very in depth with it's lore with links that lead you to a ""codex"" of information about the subject.When you start a new game you are first sent to a window where you check a box that adds all of the free dlc that has been added to the game so far (seventeen to be exact). When you click to proceed to the next part of character creation you are left with a bit of a lengthy load before entering the next part. As a veteran player this doesn't bother me, but if you're new it can be pretty annoying if you're used to quick loading. The next part of character creation is choosing your name and gender, and after that the hard choices begin. You are given ten points to be used during character creation. Five of those points can be used to raise your attributes frome base one before the game begins, but it's not required. Afterwards you can choose when you were born, where you are from, and an omen of your birth. As you continue on you can choose family history, wealth, and how your parents view you. Do they hate you? Are you the favorite? Or are they just average? There are countless options you can choose from that raise skills, give you spells, or raise attributes. Many of these backgrounds don't actually affect gameplay except in the adventures tied with them and the stats you get from the background. The final part of creation is choosing your college and then classes. Each college has its own values and required classes. Godina for example, has three required classes and three slots for the classes you choose. Each class has its own corresponding adventure that you can pursue during the game, but we'll get to that. After choosing your college and classes, you choose your portrait and off you go to Academagia, adventure awaits!The beginning of the game sets the tone for your playthrough and makes or breaks it for you. The tutorial is lengthy and done in a series of letters left for you by your rooms previous owner named Gera. You can skip this part and just get into the game and read the letters from your inventory later, but if you're just starting I heavily suggest you buckle down and slave through them to at least get the gist of how things are done. The ""game"" at its core is relatively easy. You stare at a calender where you choose what you want to do for the day. Go to classes and rest? Sure. Skip classes and study all day? Go ahead. Go to classes and then adventure? WHY NOT. My suggestion? Study and raise your stats. Adventures can be lengthy and are brutal. You will fail, and fail often. Sometimes you can even fail before you begin without even knowing it. If you're starved for content worry not because the game is littered with random events that will hold your attention and even make you laugh once you're done cursing under your breath after failing.From my biased opinion as a veteran player and long time fan, Academagia is a fun game that has near endless replayability. If you can power through learning how to play and lovw reading, get this game. If you want pretty graphics, semi attractive sprites popping up on your screen, and a linear storyline with a goal, don't get this game."
,Not Recommended,533480,34177154,Posted: 11 August,all,GodDamItAlex,"The UI is terrible as I constantly wished there were bookmarks, pins, or even a post-it in the writing. It looks great and all as it is visually appealing, but after trying to read through the options, the on-going plot, and making decisions, I wished there were in-game aids to help the reader plow through this literature adventure."
,Recommended,533480,31761216,Posted: 14 May,all,katlyn71449,"I absolutely adore this game. If you like choose your own adventure games, reading, stat-raising, or Harry Potter this game is for you! It is a bit overwhelming at first, but once you get the hang of it, it is an absolute blast! I have paid for it twice and do not regret it! It makes me feel like I am at Hogwarts and it absolutely delights me to see the little numbers going up."
76561197968588239,Recommended,533480,31606963,Posted: 7 May,all,Edward,"Huge amounts of content, but a tough ramp up to learn how the game works.I recommend checking out thehttp://academagia.invisionzone.com/forums for good hints on how to start."
76561197973366094,Not Recommended,533480,33156585,Posted: 2 July,all,Skunktaur,"I've enjoyed some text-based games, but this one feels like a spreadsheet with a clunky UI. I was faced with a schedule for picking tasks to do each day for a week, with sub-fields in another window to indicate which skill to work on, which adventure to try, &c. And then random stuff happened. Sometimes it seemed important but was presented purely in statistics terms: ""Bob has used Befriend on you and himself."" (This is presented in a long dry list of which random stats changed today.) Sometimes it wasn't important but was presented as a short non-sequitor text adventure in which my choices resulted in ""nope, that doesn't work; pick another option"". There are all sorts of tiny and poorly labeled things to click on, and I have a ton of skills/stats but don't know why I should care. I don't feel interested enough to bother to learn the UI at this point."
76561197988820293,Recommended,533480,31319394,Posted: 23 April,all,shodans1,"Imporant to note, it's a text game with RPG stats and lots of skills and text based interaction with action choices and you plan your day on a callendar. It's not a graphics heavy game, and I like it for what it is, it allows you to use your own imagination along with a few pictures, it's similar to reading a book but you can make a few chocies and direction changes for the character. A few thigns are bound to happen, there will be a midyear exam and end year exam for every class I think. You got a few fixed events, which you can make chocies on, but the reast is about your choices and then ofcourse the random events that increases replayability and spices up the game.Also it tends to take people quite a lot of time to get into the game, just trying out or finding the Adventure action in callendar when planning your day is something that a lot of people will miss early on. allowing you to initiate certain text based adventures. Also, the explore action that allows you to find certain locations like Libraries or other interesting or useful places.It takes some time to learn how some parts of this game works and how to find new content and possibilities. There are also different ways to paly the game depending on player set goals.I also would like to point out that this is Year 1 of the Academagia, Year 2 will be a different game released later on continuing this adventure."
76561198046430958,Recommended,533480,31309759,Posted: 22 April,all,Jack-of-X-Trades,"The interface is kind of rough at first and took me maybe two or three hours before i could actually get into it completely just like any other similar formatted game should.Later in the game, putting stuff into your weekly routine becames an uber cluster-f**k because theres no filter system and you get a ton of things to choose from. Sometimes it takes me 3 minutes or more to select the routine i need because i can't find it right away. Also the organization of subskills is terrible and sometimes takes me another 3 minutes to find what i was looking for. (At times i can't even find the subskill so i have to google and look at the wiki for it's location.)However, in the end i do enjoy the game's text which is why i bought the game in the first place, not for it's somewhat lacking and unorganized calendar and stat management system. The story is not linear, but does have specific holidays which contain a fixed event which i tend to look forward to everytime i see it appear on the current weekly calendar.Overall the text story is great enough that i could consider this the first book i read in years but the management system causes a never ending migraine and just progresses to get worse the longer you play. Buy it for the story and not because you wanted to play a game."
76561198026490700,Recommended,533480,31325522,Posted: 23 April,all,sarg,"First things first - understand that this is a text game. Yes, there are graphics in it, but everything that matters takes place in text. Lots and lots of text. If you don't like text games, don't buy this.That being said, this is not a choose-your-own-adventure style text game. It is an incredibly detailed life sim. Yes, there is a sharp learning curve, but it's vital to note that it's incredibly hard to lose in Academagia. At the beginning of the game, you will fail a lot more often than you will succeed. The consequences for these failures are low to non-existent -  generally you just miss an opportunity for bonuses. One period of ""Rest"" will cure both Stress and Vitality issues, no matter how big, so these 'negatives' are a lot less damaging than they might first appear. This means it is perfectly possible to get a decent result from your first playthrough, despite learning the game in the process.Really the only thing you need to know right away is that if you want to form your own clique, you have to get started with the Befriend action ASAP. Other cliques will begin recruiting quite soon and if you wait too long, you'll find the students you want are already taken. While that doesn't have to be the end of things  - Academagia is so thorough and flexible that you actually can sabotage a rival clique's internal relationships to get it to break apart - given low starting stats and lack of early knowledge of the appropriate manipulation spells, it'll be a long time before you successfully break other groups up.Academagia is not a game that you can play through in 3 hours. It simulates a full schoolyear, and while the calendar is a little different to our own, it's close enough that 1 Academagia schoolyear is pretty close to 1 Earth schoolyear. Each day you schedule 3 actions. Attend Class is the most common, but there are literally hundreds of other actions you can take. You can spend time to Gossip with classmates; you can Curry Favor with your instructors; you can Study at the library; you can Cast one of hundreds of spells. And every day there is the potential of a random event (and it's high, 25-33%/day or so) which is a short text adventure you go on for the opportunity to earn loot, skillups or friendships.Finally, it's worth noting that Academagia Year 1 doesn't really have a ""win condition"". Like many life sims, you set your own goals. Maybe you want 6 friends in your clique (which is hard, since they all have to like each other and each new add is harder to persuade), maybe you want the highest grades in each of your 6 classes, maybe you want to study forbidden magic and learn mind control, maybe you want to pump your raw stats as much as possible in preparation for Year 2, maybe you want to ensure your college wins all the merit prizes ... maybe you just want to have as many adventures as possible.It's supposedly possible to flunk out or be kicked out getting caught using forbidden magic, but I've never had either happen."
76561198126139878,Recommended,533480,31321176,Posted: 23 April,all,eyeballkidable,"I started playing this game way before it came out on Steam and I just love it. It is very text-heavy, which I find immersive. It's a simple interface with complicated mechanics that balance luck and dedication. There's no way to master it in one play-through. For me, it is the perfect game to just get lost in and relax."
76561198035469704,Recommended,533480,31327292,Posted: 23 April,all,justinsell,"If you aren't looking for action and enjoy planning and building, then this game is pretty nice.  It will help you greatly to read a little on the internet about it before you begin, so that you can plan and pick the right backgrounds and skills for your playstyle."
76561198035851723,Recommended,533480,34090143,Posted: 7 August,all,Killogoom,"Good game, wish there was more then just one year, and that it told you that you only had that first year, but other wise great game that I wish gets more to it so I can keep learning magic"
76561198032507845,Recommended,533480,31312721,Posted: 22 April,all,Towerbooks3192,"Grab this game if you want to lose in a very good book. Think of it as an interactive pick your own adventure kind of book. The game is super text heavy that people who hate reading should avoid it like the plague. The other thing that might turn off other people is the UI. It isn't horrible but it can be unintuitive at times. But after a few minutes you will know how to navigate around it and that is when the magic starts. Lastly the game will blast you with tons of lore. If you manage to take it one at a time then you will definitely get rewarded by getting a glimpse as to how the game's world is intricately made.All I can say is I bought this due to having some extra steam credits and I dived in it. The next thing I knew it was already 5AM and I have to sleep. There is no wrong choice in this game and it is what you want it to be. No two stories are the same and you wouldn't be the powerful high and mighty chosen one. You are who you are and you are just an ordinary student trying to learn magic. But it is up to you if you would rather be stuck attending classes or practice your spells, train familiar, befriend people and so much more. The game is complex and chock full of contents that it makes me sad that no other game is like it as far as I am aware."
76561198160273783,Recommended,533480,31292976,Posted: 22 April,all,Kiri,"Hi,first of, I have to say that I played the game before it came out on steam and am no beginner. In the beginning I digged my way through the wiki and Tutorial videos and put a lot of time in understanding the game, the EFFICIENT way of raising stats and what background to chose from if you don't want to waste time for skill raising. All the while playing and testing. It was a lot of fun to do the research and find my own playstyle, when other games take your hand and say, here look, press this button and that one.First of the good points in my opinion:- random Adventures, every playthrough is differend- high replay value- interesting and fun Adventures, some with a little twist- good worldbuilding, tonnes of background info if you like to read it- lots of reading (yes I love reading)But of course there are also some bad points:- granted, not easy to pick up in the beginning- lots of reading (if you don't like it)So it seems to me that a lot of people don't like the game because they have to put in a little work to understand the game first, sure you can start and learn while playing, and read, yes there is a LOT of reading, but thankfully you can also look stuff up. So my first tip to all who don't like muddling through the game, look at the wiki, it helps a LOT.PS: My first language isn't english so excuse the bad spelling and grammar."
76561197970546031,Not Recommended,533480,31488143,Posted: 1 May,all,Cap. Caveman,"I was very much enjoying the game concept and playthrough but ended up very disappointed with the bugginess that caused the game to be completely unplayable. The game is simply unable to correctly tally your skill increases. It will confirm skill increases for the day and the next day you can check your skill level and see no change. In some cases I managed to get a skill increase one day, then after increasing the skill another day resulted in not only not getting that skill increase but losing the previous one also. Let me know whn the game can actually tally properly, until then this game is a waste of money."
76561198061799954,Not Recommended,533480,31286686,Posted: 21 April,all,SturVos,"This review is my personal opinion and as such I'm not going to score things. Subjective terms for my subjective view.VERDICT: Not FunThis game has some good points but overall falls flat. If you have enjoyed titles such as Long Live the Queen! , Magical Diary, and other titles similar to the Princess Maker series. I would definitely not reccomend this game.ART/GRAPHICS: Pretty damn plain and for much of the game not really there.First off the portraits you have available for the main character are cringe worthy. In addition for my entire playthrough I can't even remember any other character portraits appearing. I'm pretty sure they exist but you have to click on their name link in whatever text you are looking at. If you are trying to play the game versus follow every wiki-ish link in existence (of which there are many and more on that later) then you will likely never see another of the boasted numerous characters portraits or sprites at all...get ready for wall of texts with very little in game art to break it up!Side note - the user interface is not a pleasure to work with. I guess it has been improved possibly from what I have read but there isn't a whole lot there of substance.SOUNDS/MUSIC: Inoffensive and oddly enough that's the strong point.No seriously this one is actually a compliment. Games like this can be huge time sinks and the music in it is extremely repetitive and fairly bland. However after playing hours of hearing the same music, that's kind of a good thing. At the end I even found myself humming to it every now and again!Sounds are non-existant as far as I could tell or maybe I was lulled into such a coma between the walls of text and the inoffensive music that I didn't even notice them...pretty sure there were none there. I get it text adventure...but some of the better one's have sounds to accentuate what is happening in the text. A minor thing and not necessary, but appreciated when it does exist. The lackluster of this game caused me to notice its absence more.GAMEPLAY: Seriously dissapointing.I had some hopes from this game first starting out. The character creation seemed fairly in depth, with lots of unique traits and skills from which you certainly wouldn't be able to be a jack of all trades and would force you to focus. However that is the major downfall of this game, lots of unique appearing options but with no real weight or meaning. There is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of lore, cool spells, lengthy character bios, many different characters! But it all just kind of gets lost, you don't feel attached to any skills as anything other than just another way to progress or make money. People don't feel like they matter (I played the entire game not even socializing much with people and at the epilogue piece everyone was still chummy with me). There is no real attachment to characters and while spells are neat sometimes, they don't really seem useful for anything other than buffing yourself/others and debuffing other characters...and since you can live your life in a bubble without feeling any attachment to the npcs, why bother. If you like spending hours on a wikipedia and following every link you can to get all the detailed information than this is the game for you! It honestly plays like reading a website and following links for source material. I gave it a shot but in the end it's something with a lot of potential that just is not fun to play...and in the end isn't that what games are supposed to be, fun to play?END RANT - The ending piece! The part where it's supposed to give you your life story and wrap things up...one of the worst I have ever seen. It's the thing that I was hoping would tie together my sea of unique but seemingly pointless endeavors and choices. BUT NO...epilogue thing pulls you through a series of boring♥♥♥♥♥self relfection conversation and conversations with classmates (whose names you never knew or cared about to begin with) in MULTIPLE CHOICE FORMAT!!!What class was your favorite, pick from list of courses you took. What was your best skill, pick from list of skills you leveled up at least semi decently. What do you want to focus on in the future, exactly the same list as the last one...Side note on this, I went with the HIGHLY ILLEGAL MAGIC♥♥♥♥♥♥that is supposed to incur the death penalty. I was like I want to teach this at the school next year. You know what the npcs said about it. NOTHING, just an oh that's an interesting choice. ARE YOU FU***NG KIDDING ME! Out of the sea of blandness this, the epilogue was the most infuriating part of the entire ""game""."
,Not Recommended,533480,31269655,Posted: 20 April,all,SpitefulFox,"First off, this game is extreeemely text intensive. If you're the type that turns up your nose at text adventures or visual novels, I suggest you run away now. With that being said...This game has some extremely deep mechanics and a lot of choices. With over 200 skills to try and train and a plethora of different character creation choices, no two playthroughs are going to be the same. Your daily school life is spiced up with random events and adventures to go on.... which end up just feeling like a kick to the junk for me. Remember those 200 skills?  Yeah, watch as every event you come across punishes you for not having trained in the specific skills it wants. Each event usually has a ""Safe"" choice to pick in the likely chance you don't have any relevant skills, but even the safe choices often just punish you for the hell of it.Games with a lot of choice should let you play to your strengths, not punish you for your imperfections.Same beef I had with Long Live The Queen, though.  If punishing ""daily life simulator"" games are your thing, maybe give this game a shot anyway."
,Recommended,533480,34709122,Posted: 3 September,all,Aesop,"This is one of my all time favorite games.  I owned it for years outside of Steam.  I love the magic/skill systems in this game.  The biggest issue that I have with this game is that it doesn't have a sequel.  The GUI isn't great.  There are some things that I didn't even know existed until I had played through the game twice.  There are no graphics of which to speak.  It's purely a text game so if you don't like reading just don't bother.  However, if you do, you will find the writing is enjoyable, replayabilty is high, and you can take very different paths with each play through.  You can even become a very evil character who has multiple other characters under their direct control using forbidden magic that you learn just like other magic, only secretly."
76561198007886363,Recommended,533480,31363967,Posted: 25 April,all,Mukalytic,"Don't expect to just jump into into this game and have fun with it right away as it does have a bit of a learning curve that I think a lot of people won't have the patience for. Once I got past that though, I very much came to appreciate everything about this game. It's incredibly story rich and also very well written. You can tell they put effort into this game and I'm looking forward to a sequel already.The mechanics can be a little clunky and the text is sometimes a little jumpy but I've yet to have any issues with bugs of any kind. I don't go out of my way to make a lot of recommendations but I felt like this one deserved it. Perhaps especially if you are a fan of the Harry Potter universe or fiction much like it, this could be the game for you."
76561198032237009,Recommended,533480,31328568,Posted: 23 April,all,avpuli,"Enjoyable with a disappointing lack of an ending. I feel the lack of clarity on how to play or even what your doing is a design factor. After all you are playing a kid.Totally enjoyed the play through and gameplay. I was dumbfounded by the lack of any summary of what my character accomplished. The game basically just ended.Again fun game, play for the journey, not the destination."
76561198044410014,Recommended,533480,31362084,Posted: 25 April,all,天阿,"TL;DR: interesting game, but not recommended for everyone.The game is clunky interface-wise, difficult to read at times, and VERY steep in the learning curve (the 'tutorial' at the beginning is very easy for a new person to skim).That being said.After playing a few hours in, I'm getting the hang of what's going on. The character creator - astrological symbols, your history and family life, etc. - are incredibly detailed and allow you to build a specific profile for your character. After that, it's a day-to-day simulator on life in Magic School. There is a vast range of skills to learn, with some having classroom and practical components. Each skill has subskills on top of that.Certain problems have at least two alternative solutions for your character to get around, so you aren't forced to cram certain skills to ace things (unlike like Long Live the Queen, where a minimum skill check in various things is required to survive events, your character will instead by humiliated or lose a chance to gain skills).There is a lot of reading. My eyes get very tired peering at the interface and there is a lot of clicking to look up what I want. Additionally, it is difficult to remember what skills you have levelled up and what are your strong suits. It took me a long time to realize the colours in the choices indicated how successful you'll be with it.The social aspect intrigues me. Characters can bully (and be bullied by) other characters. It's difficult to defend yourself, unless you are casting random spells all the time, and instead I trained my familiar to physically attack the bully every day I could. I considered building up more skills to demolish her (tearing down her reputation with professors, leave her unable to study or make friends), then realized what a waste of time it was to hone my skills in destroying her character. It's somewhat of an eye-opener in the world of bullying.I obsess over classical music, and there are a lot of good classics playing as the BGM.Overall, I'm getting to like this game. Time flies when I play it, and once I figured out what I was doing (trying not to max out all the skills at once - pro tip, get your academic studies up first before pursuing other things) I enjoyed the different paths I could explore."
76561198049114172,Recommended,533480,31325760,Posted: 23 April,all,britmarwell,"This is the THIRD time I've bought this game (reciept shenanigans that were in no way the fault of BCS, and all the fault of ♥♥♥♥♥♥ retailers), and I would buy it again. I've played for YEARS and it remains one of my favorite games. The customization and the characters are top notch. The game can be really overwhelming, and while it may be frustrating for those of us who love min-maxing (me, I do, where is the elusive all-adventure run), even in relative failure it is a heck of a time.My first game I thought I created the woman to inherit the earth, until I played my next and found out she was awful in comparison. The way the game is written makes every playthrough rewarding, and you will always end up  with a unique story. I'm still discovering new random events.I can't recommend this game more, buy it, buy it, buy it, buy it."
,Recommended,533480,31352268,Posted: 24 April,all,Sokanas,"The Interface is clunky and awkward.There isn't a simple how to / tutorial that can be used.It's difficult to understand whats happening within the game.From the Forums apparently it's only 1/5th done after ~7 years of development.I'd recommend it because its interesting even if difficult to the max and somewhat confusing, but at least go in forewarned that you'll probably not like it."
,Recommended,533480,33985810,Posted: 2 August,all,Punchline42,"Ist Period, Ghost Hunting, Next Pyrotechnic Target practice then finish of the day with a bit of light mind control.Great game Hard to get into but once the initial difficulity curve was over i loved it"
,Recommended,533480,31550744,Posted: 4 May,all,Zane,"A title for those that like fantasy, wonder, and the written word.The UI customization is a godsend compared to what it was like before, and very much appreciated. The game itself has very little in the way of pictures, and nothing in the way of animations, so if you're here for something like that then this isn't the game for you.If you want a game with a STEEP learning curve with a lot of replayability that has a lot more in common with old CYOA books or interactive fiction than modern games, this is the game for you.... Was it always a college, though? I swear it used to be a school for younger kids or something last time I played it."
,Recommended,533480,31498852,Posted: 1 May,all,kalazura,"I recommend this game, but for a very specific type of gamer, those that like to read and like to figure things out.The learning curve is steep, it took several characters before i figured out some of the basic things. But in a way it's entertaining too. Don't simply click away at choices. Read the wall of text, because that what this game is all about.I have to say though, I find lots things that can be improved.1. Lack of organization. The list of Phemes, of Adventures, of Ability is overwhelming. At very least, IMO the devs should consider color coding the phemes based on attributes. Or make link on skill/attribute description to pheme that we have learned.2. People going to hate me for this, but ability to stack the same spells is game breaking. IMO, spell should be unstackable, but have longer period. Recasting the same spell every 3-4 days is annoying.3. Need more items and crafting ability. There are too few items in this game. The artifice system need more love.4. Removed those 5% increase, 10% increase and so on. Stick with +skill or +roll. Except on specific things like chance of random encounter.Overall, I really enjoy playing academagia, and I wish there will still be update and improvement coming."
76561198035385016,Recommended,533480,31308078,Posted: 22 April,all,Goldenblack,"Upfront, it needs to be said that this game is not at all new player friendly, with an incredibly steep learning curve and cumbersome mechanics in a very clunky engine.  If you don't enjoy reading, you won't enjoy this game.  You will need to consult the wiki/official forums (fortunately there is a small but extremely dedicated and friendly community) and probably do multiple starts before you get a real sense of what exactly is going on, and failure on events and adventures is to be expected.  That said, if you're patient and enjoy deep, open-ended RPG/simulation experiences, Academagia is really fantastically unique.The premise can basically be summed up as a Harry Potter simulator.  You create a fresh faced young wizard entering their first of 5 years at Academagia.  From there on, what happens is (mostly) totally up to you.  You choose your background, your curriculum, and what you do with your spare time.  There is no main story per se; your motivations are your own.  You can aim to be the best student, create the largest clique possible, explore all Mineta, master all the varities of magic, complete every adventure possible, whatever suits you.  The one constant is largely fantastic writing, with an incredibly deep lore.  Per all that, this is also about as replayable a game as you can get; you can create numerous completely different characters spending their time on different things, and a staggering number of random events further helps ensure each game feels different from the last.The engine exists to aggravate and the sheer scope and text reliance may not be for everyone, but if the premise appeals to you and you're the type able to be patient in figuring a game out, there's very little like Academagia out there.  The potential for multiple years is enormous (and the second year at least with an improved engine is a mostly safe bet) , and while the small indie group has clear limitations with their painfully slow development time, the fact they've now put out 17 completely free DLC/updates since first releasing the game shows where their priorities are."
76561197992681922,Recommended,533480,31319934,Posted: 23 April,all,SirLogiC,"I liked this but it is definitely not for everyone.A text adventure game where you play out each day of a full academic year. The primary goal os passing the mid and end term exams. There is a huge huge amount of random events, a load of adventures which each have many steps, more skills than you can shake a wand at.However after you figure out how to play the game, the first half of the year seems to be a rush to bring your skills/study high enough to pass. Once over it's easy enough to finish training that you have lots of time to do other things in the 2nd half of the year.UI is quite clunky to use, almost mandatory to have the wiki up. Also the sheer number of things to do can also make it confusing. Lastly the graphics are very plain, so make sure to read stuff to distract you from that >.>"
,Not Recommended,533480,31286153,Posted: 21 April,all,Noodle McDoodle,"It's got interesting art and looks like it has a lot of depth to it, but it locked up on the ""choose your name"" screen. I had to kill it from Task Manager to get the music to stop playing. Then it did it again when I was trying to set up a calendar. Something's buggy, near as I can tell."
76561198035099115,Not Recommended,533480,31310250,Posted: 22 April,all,RidiculousName,"First of all, this game is still in Alpha and should be marked as such. The first year is complete. According to the forums the second has been in development for seven years. I believe there are five or so years left to add.There is an immense amount of clicking to arrange your schedule.Much of the text suffers from improper grammar and spelling.This is a complex game and the UI is difficult to work with.Item icons rarely depict something similar to what the item is.Overall this game has a lot of promise, but also have a lot of problems that prevent me from giving it a thumbs up."
76561198000712718,Recommended,533480,31297878,Posted: 22 April,all,nuclear ash,Good solid text advanture game.  Plenty of lore and world building.  Very high replay value.
76561197993821454,Recommended,533480,31454582,Posted: 29 April,all,chargeriic,"Wasn't expecting to like this game. Text adventures almost always leave me annoyed at a ton of micromanagmenet and guessing involved. This game was quite a bit of fun however and pretty faithful to it's literary genre. I acutally played my first character all the way through instead of restarting once i made mistakes, which says somethings"
76561198268409738,Recommended,533480,31280802,Posted: 21 April,all,tinker0216,"Pros-Huge amount of replayabilityMany different available choices and playstylesFun character creationMore than 80 unique and creative NPCs to befriend, bully, master, and much moreMore than 20 famililiars including a pet rock, ghost, and the classic catGreat and enjoyable writing style, with a side of lovely dry witCons-A steep learning curve is present, so your first playthrough will be mainly spent figuring out the mechanicsLots of text, if you aren't into that sort of thing.Overall-This is a great game, easily worth 20+ dollars. I would and have recommended this game to friends, and will be eagerly anticipating the release of Year 2."
76561198052273017,Not Recommended,533480,33665315,Posted: 19 July,all,Sereg Edhel,It doesnt state clearly that it only has one school year then ends.
76561198103199389,Recommended,533480,31487097,Posted: 1 May,all,uncleposey74,"Acedemagia to me, feels like a choose your own adventure game set in a world similar to harry potter. This game is about a young wizard and their first year attending a school of magic.The game has nice soundtrack. Sadly you may want to disable it after a few hours playing as the variety is very small but very classical.The game is all about reading text and there is a lot of it in this game (Note: there are illustraions as well). so if reading bothers you steer clear of this title.The text can also be a bit cramped in certain parts making reading an item description a bit of a pain.The main draw for this game is choices,choices,choices!!!! The player has a huge number of customization options. From building their character,Picking a familiar,Choosing a school,Deciding what to do day-to-day, To what classes they will be taking. The sheer number of daily choices can be a bit overwhelming so patience is key to slowly read through each and every one and pick the best option for your character.The major downside is the game does not feel very fulfilling at the end,The game feels like merely the first part in a series and as such there is not even any text at the end explaining what becomes of your character so i assume there is meant to be other games continuing your characters story.Another little gripe is the delay that sometimes happens after you choose an option and click the advance button,Feels a bit slower than it should be and makes the gameplay a bit slower than it could be. Especially when you have been playing for a handful of hours and have a grasp as to what options you are going to pick beforehand.Also a delay between days at odd moments.Overall i am still satisfied with my adventures through the world of Acedemagia for it price. Replayability is vast as you can be a studious wizard who hits the books hard to achieve the best possible grades, A trouble maker who bullies and plays pranks, A socialite who has a small horde of friends, A thieving little worm with zero friends who is only out"
76561198013318340,Not Recommended,533480,31323577,Posted: 23 April,all,Druthlen,"I want to like this game. I like the idea. However, I felt like I was clicking to get to the story. Maybe I need more hand holding, I dont know. I found that I was just bored. Unsure of how to get to this book the other reviews were speaking about. You never have a clue on how to succeed at a task and end up being a complete failure over and over again. I know, struggle makes for a good story but I am pretty sure my character was autistic."
76561198102908775,Recommended,533480,31500083,Posted: 1 May,all,WAUW,A fun little choose your own adventure. However my one issue with this game is that I was restricted in what stats I could increase.DONT BUY IF  YOU DONT LIKE TO READ!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,533480,31276680,Posted: 21 April,all,Awtthem,If you're willing to spend ages reading and thinking things through then play this. it's like someone took long live the Queen and Harry Potter then added a ridiculous amount of content to it. Character creation took 20 minutes and the menu is really confusing and doesn't give you a tutorial (to the best of my knowledge).
76561198032177254,Recommended,533480,31451720,Posted: 29 April,all,Crebain,"Tha game have some little problems but so far I'm ejoying it a lot. Academagia feels like you really are in a school of magicians, having some adventures and studying for the final exams."
,Recommended,533480,31302404,Posted: 22 April,all,Poodlestrike,"Currently waiting on a fix for the clique issue before pumping more hours in it, but I ADORE this title. I used to own it on Impulse, and god only knows how many hours I put into it there. It's got a steep learning curve, but I'd recommend treating it like XCOM. Do what you want, learn from your mistakes, restart often.A few pro-tips to get you started:-You can pick up a full set of attribute points from selecting background options in the character creator, so don't waste any points on those.-Don't totally neglect your classes! They'll expel you for missing too many.-It's worth the effort to find and clean the Library of Longshade, especially if you're taking a more conventional student route.-Best way to handle Adventures at first is to just try out whatever. Don't worry about success or failure, just find something interesting and build your skills up to meet it."
,Recommended,533480,31303088,Posted: 22 April,all,Felan,"I've owned this for many years though I haven't played it in quite awhile, but still it is in my opinion an unsung gem of game."
76561198064917416,Recommended,533480,31425407,Posted: 28 April,all,VonBaronson,Love this game it's a choose your own adventure magical school simulator. Every playthrough brings something new. Now if only it were not so addicting. I sit down to play a couple in game weeks and end up playing all night.
76561198203003720,Recommended,533480,34546262,Posted: 27 August,all,Marcus Skerratt,This is a great game. A well writen game. I want more. SO much.
,Recommended,533480,31445379,Posted: 29 April,all,Akihara,Do you like text based game? Do you like making choices? Do you like RPG?Then this is the game for you
76561197994157663,Not Recommended,533480,31303844,Posted: 22 April,all,BeJust,"Story is good, doesn't have an ending point, inteface is clunky. There is something good about this game, but it is still hard to recommend,"
76561198020787703,Recommended,533480,33668533,Posted: 20 July,all,lrncarroll,Enjoyed the game.  Replayed a couple of times.
76561198023199052,Recommended,533480,31282372,Posted: 21 April,all,bwup,I can't complain.Decent game by my standards.
76561198166110064,Not Recommended,533480,31825732,Posted: 18 May,all,Porkchopexpress,I really want to like this game. I really do...I cannot like a game I cant even start. The font in the game is painstakingly small; and I have excellent vision. I have tried various methods to fix this and cant seem to read anything without any strain. What awful design.
76561198006993687,Not Recommended,533480,31270898,Posted: 21 April,all,Amstaad,Well I thought I'd give this game a try.  Can't say I'm impressed.-The interface is poorly designed and extremely bland.-The game does a really poor job of explaining its systems and character creation is okay but poorly explained.  There's a lot to take in but I didn't see any real explanation for what the skills and attributes actually do.-The production value is fairly low.  Very limited art assets for what is basically an interactive novel.-The writing wasn't great which is pretty bad considering that's all there is to this game.All in all I was quickly bored to tears.  About an hour in I was yawning and having problems focusing on the story which I didn't find too gripping.  Might get better but I'd rather not invest more time into the game and I'm going to request a refund.
,Recommended,533480,31272663,Posted: 21 April,all,Pelicunt,CYOA's addict wet dream
76561198043583409,Not Recommended,533480,31324287,Posted: 23 April,all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,relations in this game are broken and they are never going to release second year.
76561198024367877,Not Recommended,533480,31295754,Posted: 22 April,all,hmgirlpopuri,Tried the game.  Had two freezes in 10 minutes of playing.  The UI is obtuse and poorly designed.  Refunded and would not recommend.
76561198002539704,Not Recommended,533480,31286251,Posted: 21 April,all,Lychee,"If a detail-intense choose-your-own adventure game is your jam, you will probably enjoy this. However, I requested a refund for mine.I understand this will seem like a petty decision to some, but my interest in this game tanked when I was open to the ""flirt"" action and it was opposite sex only. I am a queer person, and while this is a very, very, VERY small piece of this game, it was still offputting that in this fantasy world, flirting simply was not for people like me.  In a game so reliant on the player buying into the setting and their character and making the story their own, something so alienating made it hard for me to buy into anything else the game had to offer, even when I did quite like a lot it.I think a lot of people will enjoy this game if they are fans of the genre, and I don't sleight anyone for finding all the joy in it. I'm just sad to say my immersion was broken beyond repair with one very small mechanic that honestly had no reason to be exclusively heterosexual. It seemed to me that requiring a check for the genders to be different would be more work than just, say, letting the main character attempt to flirt with any gender. So it hurts a little more to think that the developers went out of their way to deny the player character from being gay or bi."
76561198273861864,Not Recommended,533480,31430768,Posted: 28 April,all,Jassasin,buggy as hell
76561197985685404,Not Recommended,533480,31363644,Posted: 25 April,all,sgt.greywar,"The game is straight up unfinished.After purchase and playing for a while noticing that virtually nothing in the game looked like a finished text game (a low bar to be sure) and hitting the end of year one.... I looked around to get a bit of history.This lame half-done spreadsheet game has been out for 7 years without releasing Year 2 of school. That's right folks, this chunk of crap stops at your first year of school.Hundreds of skills with zero combat, no use for anything you do....Exams and grades? Despite what the game ""help"" tells you, they are meaningless.This was a cash grab by a dev looking to make money off old and unfinsihed work.Its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,533480,31406627,Posted: 27 April,all,vettegirl,"stupid.  I felt like i was back in 1989 playing text based ""adventure"" games.  This is worse than homework and I'm not in school anymore!"
76561198025173754,Not Recommended,533480,31274447,Posted: 21 April,all,Icedragon7445,"I normally enjoy good written Textadventures but i cant recommend this one.-Bad interface and i mean really really bad.-No writting which is any good-overly complicated Skill system-oh did i mention the bad interfaceIf you dont enjoy Textadventures stay away from it, if you like Textadventures there are way better out there on steam for a lower price. (Like Tin Star or Guns of Infinity)"
76561197970730876,Not Recommended,533480,31291039,Posted: 22 April,all,hojiman,24 minutes of a bad Flash game from the 90's ... thanks but no.
76561198040437181,Not Recommended,533480,31345894,Posted: 24 April,all,00,"So it say's I've played this game for 16.5 hours, I've actually only have played it for 30 minutes. It's an ok game, just for some reason it says it's still running. Can't even uninstall it so I guess I'm stuck with it..."
,Recommended,533480,31331006,Posted: 23 April,all,vandrail,"This game doesn't hold your hand at all, and your first character is probably going to be terrible.But that's ok. After you finish the game, you'll probably have all kinds of ideas of things that you can do better, and at least for me I had a strong drive to dive back in and do just that.The story and setting is rich, the options overwhelming in their number...It's a really great game."
76561197979058153,Recommended,533480,31331855,Posted: 23 April,all,Two_Minds,"So far a very good game, well written and thought out.The author has clearly put a lot of time and thought in to this, allowing a vast array of playstyles and replayability. The number of character creation options alone is pretty staggering.The game isn't perfect though. The UI could use some work, being a bit overly complicated at times, and the text wrapping/menu system is a bit off, which is a serious issue in a game that involves a great deal of reading.I would definitely recommend the game to any avid readers though. I suggest being patient with it till you have learned the ropes, and don't take the first playthrough very seriously. You will learn enough during that to play more to your tastes on future games."
,Recommended,533480,31270974,Posted: 21 April,all,TekDragon,"A Super Crunchy Magic School-Life SimulatorOkay, yeah, it's a niche genre. Still, there's a surprising amount of games out there for it. Academagia is, without a doubt, the most in-depth, strategic, number-crunchy one of the bunch. With hundreds of skills spread out across dozens of parent skills, over a thousand Adventures and Random Events, a hundred or more fellow students and professors, and dozens of locations - this is a game that will make you think. Yet layered over all those numbers and depth is a rich literary experience that's both evocative and whimsical.I bought this game years ago off the developer's website, and I was excited to see the opportunity to support them by buying it again and playing it on Steam.How It PlaysYour Day to Day LifeAfter working your way through a robus character generator that should give you a hint at the level of depth Academagia offers, you find yourself looking at the screen that controls the majority of the game - your weekly calendar. That's right, if the screenshots didn't clue you in - this is a text and menu-based game.From this calendar you control your character. Each day has 3 time slots. For weekdays your first two default to attending classes, but you're free to do something else. Skipping class does have its consequences, but will get to that later. What you do with your time is up to you, but it's a big decision. Let's move to the next section and see what you'll be striving for.The Big Three ObjectivesPass Your Classes. This shouldn't be a surprise, you're a student! At character generation you picked 6 classes. Each of these classes matches a parent-skill and each parent-skill has a selection of sub-skills underneath it. Each sub-skill has 10 levels, and the top 3 sub-skills dictate your parent-skill level. Success at Academagia means using a portion of your time to improve these sub-skills. Beyond improving your skills, you'll also need to study, as each subject also has 10 study levels. Work hard and you'll be ready for your mid-term and finals. These skills you learn aren't just for academics, though. You'll also find them useful when you...Go On Adventures. Random Events and Adventures are a big part of the game, although you can opt out of the latter entirely if you wish. They play the same (with Adventures being larger in scale and often-times more difficult) and involve the game using text to narrate you through a scene where you need to pick the skills to get through it. Don't worry to much about failure, you can pick up most adventures where you left off and failure can be its own reward with increased skill gains, albeit at the cost of stress or vitality or both. You'll want to improve your skills beyond your areas of class subjects to get through these scenes, and one way to help you do that is to....Build Relationships and Make Friends. As with adventures, you can go through the entire school-year without using a single socialization ability or action. Yet forging bonds is an important of the game. With high relationship comes the ability to befriend your fellow students, bringing them into your clique. Once in your clique they'll grant you useful advantages, from passive buffs to active abilities you can use. They'll also help make your adventures easier. Professors can be worth befriending too, as calling in a favor can grant unique bonuses to skills or other perks.Reviewing AcademagiaThe GoodThe WritingFor a game driven by writing, this is a big plus. I'll give it to you straight - the writing in this game is a work of art. Every Random Event and every Adventure pulls you through a scene full of rich details in a whimsical setting. Players who enjoy reading and have the time and patience to do so will find themselves well rewarded. Players who don't will not find themselves handicapped, though. At the end of every scene is a selection of choices that guide you through what your options are. You can fly right through without missing a beat, if that's your thing.Individualized Experience & Replayability. You will never accomplish everything in Academagia in a single play-through. You will not even accomplish a quarter of it. It's not just the Random Events you get or the classes you take. There's layers and layers more that make every playthrough unique. Will you go on adventures, or ignore them? Will you explore the island or stick to the locations you have permission to enter? Will you have a family you correspond with, or will you be a black sheep? Will you have a special familiar that you train and go on adventures with, or will you ignore that facet of the game? Will you go beyond expanding skills and studying and dive into research? Will you toy with the forbidden magics? Will you strive to make friends and expand your clique? All of this and more will dictate how you play Academagia and what you experience in each playthrough.The BadFormatting BugsFor a text based game, formatting is pretty important. Occasionally Academagia falls flat. Text can sometimes be presented out of order, and when doing multiple Adventures/Events in a single day, tracking where one begins and another ends can be very difficult.Interface and UsabilityFor a game as crunchy and strategic as Academagia, it could really use some interface improvements. A search bar above each menu would be very helpful. In the Skills window it could take you right to the skill you need (no more guessing where Danger Sense is), and in the Abilities, Actions, and Spells menus it could highlight the ones that Increase or Expand the skill you type. Or some cross-menu functionality. Clicking on a skill in the character menu would highlight abilities/actions/spells that impact it. Play the game for a while and you'll understand how needed these features are. As is, your only real option is to play the game with the Wikia open on another monitor.The VerdictOccasional formatting issues can't spoil the incredible writing in Academagia, nor does a lack of modern in-game UI features leave the player helpless (thank you Wikias). Players who accept the text and menu-based nature of Academagia will find a jewel of rich story-telling layered over an incredibly deep, strategic, and crunchy simulation."
76561198114086161,Recommended,533480,34497987,Posted: 25 August,all,[BWC] Rhok,"If you are capable of moving beyond the disappointment that is the UI (they need to hire someone to modernize the functionality)... this game is worth the time and moneyLots of different stories to get into.... which greatly helps with replayability... lots of different skills and classes (as in school classes) that give you access to more stories or different paths down ones you have already playedusing the spells you learn to quickly help you ramp up a skill for a short time, give you a real sense of your progress in the mid to late game ... and highlight the struggle you feel; of not having enough time or not progressing fast enough, in the early game(wow that was a run-on thought.... simply put... the mid game highlights the early game, which helps you bounce into the upper reaches of the power your character can wield in the late game)When the devs start to hammer out the next years in this game... they really should utilize this samestruggle-revelation-actualization curve ... you are making a mage... and when you get it right in the begining of the year... you are pretty powerful by years end..... well.... powerful for a first year"
